=== PARTIDA Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) vs Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) | seed 5 | maxTurnos 30 | 9/28/2026, 12:06:39 AM ===
condicoes: ambiente=iberia | temp=0 | prompt=P4 EN (esquema declarado, sem exemplo, sem minimos, vitoria real, reforco, quantidade) + FOG OF WAR + P5 EXPERIMENTAL (A: P4 | B: campanha) + combate v3 (atq/def, counter 1.5) + clamp | regras=v4 (counter 1.5, cav def2/1t, madeira 30, dist x0.2, vitoria 75%/2t) | mesa: ordem espelhada + chegada sorteada | thinking=on (sem limite) | max_tokens_resposta=128000 (default alto, auto-ajustavel por modelo)

########## TURNO 1 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 2412 | resposta 14637 | raciocinio 13742 | finish stop | ms 185412
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [ {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2} ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 0, \"toId\": 1, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 5, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 0, \"toId\": 2, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 4, \"knight\": 0}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"I am sending all spearmen to Santarem and all archers to Evora to capture both villages. I keep my knights at the capital for defense and build two more spearmen. Next turn I will explore from my new villages and continue expanding. I must be cautious and aim to hold 18 villages for two turns.\",\n  \"statement\": \"My armies have marched to claim the neutral villages of Santarem and Evora. With spearmen leading at Santarem and archers at Evora, I expect to secure both. I have left my knights at the capital and am building more troops to sustain my campaign across the peninsula.\"\n}"
raciocinio: We need to output a JSON object with fields: build, movements, plan, statement.

We are King A, holding 1 village (Lisboa) with 12 troops: 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight. Resources: wood 30, iron 20 per turn. We need to hold 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns or eliminate every enemy village. Currently 1 of 24. Enemy capital is Barcelona (id 22) but not required to win.

We have two neutral villages nearby: Santarem (1) and Evora (2). Both have 1 troop garrison (knight and spearman respectively). Effective defense 3 (including location bonus). We can attack them to capture.

We need to decide orders for this turn. Since we start with only 1 village, we need to expand. We can send troops to attack Santarem and Evora. But we must consider combat rules. We have 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight. Attack power if all sent: 25. But we need to split forces? We can send from Lisboa to both villages simultaneously? Movements are simultaneous; we can send multiple armies from same village? The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." But we only have one village. Can we send multiple armies from the same village to different targets? Probably yes, as long as we have troops. But we need to consider that the troops we send are subtracted from the village. We can send part of our forces.

We need to capture neutral villages to increase our resource production and eventually reach 18. Each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn. We need to build more troops.

Let's analyze combat: Attacking Santarem: garrison 1 knight, effective defense 3. Our troops: we can send some. Knight has attack 4, defense 2. Spearman attack 1, defense 2. Archer attack 2, defense 2. Counter triangle: spearman counters knight (1.5x), archer counters spearman, knight counters archer. The most numerous type sets the counter matchup. If we send a mix, the most numerous type determines counter. We want to maximize our chance.

Santarem has 1 knight. Knight is fast, but defense 2. In a village, defense bonus x1.25, so effective defense 3 (as given). That means base defense 2 * 1.25 = 2.5, rounded? Actually effective defense given is 3, so we use that. Our attack: we need to calculate effective force. The attacker counts ATTACK, defender counts DEFENSE. If we have counter bonus, multiply our force by 1.5. The side with higher effective force wins, tie favors defender. Winner takes losses (attrition against loser's effective force).

We want to capture with minimal losses. We could send all troops? But then we lose all if we lose. Better to send a targeted force. Since Santarem has knight, spearman counters knight. So if we send spearmen, we get 1.5x bonus. We have 5 spearmen. Attack of spearman is 1 each, so total attack 5. With counter bonus, effective attack = 5 * 1.5 = 7.5. Defender effective defense = 3. So we win easily. But we also need to consider that after battle, we take losses. The winner takes losses equal to the loser's effective force? The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So our losses are based on the defender's effective force. Defender's effective force is 3. So we would lose some troops. But we need to know how many. The rule doesn't specify exact formula; it says "attrition against the loser's effective force". Probably we lose a number of troops equal to the loser's effective force divided by something? In many games, losses are proportional. Since it's not specified, we might assume we lose some troops. But we can also send a smaller force to minimize losses. However, if we send too few, we might lose.

Alternatively, we could send a mix where spearman is most numerous, so we get counter bonus. But we also have archers and knights. If we send all spearmen (5) and no others, spearman is most numerous, counter bonus applies. If we send some archers, they might become most numerous if we send more archers than spearmen. But archers counter spearman, not knight. So we want spearman to be most numerous.

For Evora: garrison 1 spearman, effective defense 3. Archer counters spearman. So we should send archers as most numerous. We have 4 archers. If we send all 4 archers, they counter spearman, effective attack = 4*2*1.5 = 12. Defense 3, win. But we also have spearmen and knights. If we send a mix, we need archers to be most numerous.

We can attack both villages in the same turn. We need to split our forces. We have 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight. We could send some spearman to Santarem and some archers to Evora. But we must ensure each attack has enough to win. Also, we might want to keep some troops at home for defense? But our capital is interior, no enemy border, so no immediate threat. We can send all troops.

But note: "Each village you hold produces resources every turn, and resources are what build your army." We need to capture villages to increase production. Also, we can build new troops at Lisboa. We have 30 wood, 20 iron. We can build spearman (15 wood, 0 iron), archer (20 wood, 10 iron), knight (30 wood, 30 iron). We can build one knight? 30 wood 30 iron, we have exactly 30 wood and 20 iron, so we can't build knight (needs 30 iron). We can build archer: 20 wood, 10 iron. We have 30 wood, 20 iron, so we can build 1 archer (leaving 10 wood, 10 iron) or maybe more? We can build 1 archer and 1 spearman? 15+20=35 wood, too much. So only 1 archer or 1 spearman (15 wood) or 2 spearmen? 30 wood, 0 iron each, so 2 spearmen cost 30 wood, we have 30 wood, so we can build 2 spearmen. But we also have iron 20, but spearman doesn't use iron. So we can build 2 spearmen. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 10 iron. Or we could build nothing and save resources.

But we also need to consider that building takes 1 turn, and they are ready next turn. We can build and send in same turn? The orders are simultaneous: we write build and movement orders. The build happens at the village, and troops are available to send? Typically, in such games, troops built this turn can be sent next turn, not the same turn. The rules: "ready in 1 turn." So if we order build now, they will be ready next turn. So we cannot send them this turn. So we should build something to have next turn.

We need to plan our expansion. Let's think about the map. We have road network. From Lisboa, we can reach Santarem (1) and Evora (2) in 1 turn for any speed (since distance is 1 slow/medium/fast). So we can attack them and capture next turn? Actually, movement takes turns: if we send from Lisboa to Santarem, it takes 1 slow turn, 1 medium, 1 fast. Since we have mixed troops, the speed is slowest. If we send only knights (fast), it takes 1 fast turn. If we send mixed, it takes 1 slow turn. So if we send this turn, they arrive next turn (turn 2) and fight? The rules: "Marching takes turns, and during those turns the enemy keeps building and moving. The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival." So if we send now, they arrive next turn and fight against the defense at that time. But the neutral villages might gain troops over time: "Neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type." Since it's turn 1, they haven't hardened yet. So defense remains 1 knight and 1 spearman respectively.

We can send troops to both villages. But we need to decide how many to send to each to ensure victory with minimal losses. Let's calculate effective forces.

For Santarem (1 knight, defense 3):
If we send spearmen (counter bonus). Suppose we send x spearmen. Effective attack = x * 1 * 1.5 = 1.5x. Effective defense = 3. We need 1.5x > 3 to win (tie goes to defender). So 1.5x > 3 => x > 2. So at least 3 spearmen to win outright? If x=3, effective attack = 4.5 > 3, win. If x=2, effective attack = 3, tie, defender wins. So we need at least 3 spearmen. But we also have other troops. If we send a mix, the most numerous type sets counter. If we send 3 spearmen and 1 knight, spearmen are most numerous (3 vs 1), so counter bonus still applies to our whole force? The rule: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5. The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So the counter bonus applies to the entire attacking force if the most numerous type counters the enemy's most numerous type? Or does it apply to the whole force? It says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So if our most numerous type counters the enemy's most numerous type, our total effective attack is multiplied by 1.5. But what is "your force"? Probably the sum of attacks of all your troops. So if we send 3 spearmen and 1 knight, total attack = 3*1 + 1*4 = 7. With counter bonus, effective attack = 7 * 1.5 = 10.5. That's even better. But we need to consider that the enemy has only 1 knight, so their most numerous type is knight. Our most numerous type must be spearman to counter knight. So as long as we have more spearmen than any other type, we get the bonus. So we can include other troops to increase attack, but we must ensure spearmen are the most numerous (or tied, but ties break in order spearman, archer, knight; so if tie between spearman and archer, spearman wins? Actually "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight" means that if counts are equal, the type earlier in that order is considered most numerous. So if we have 2 spearman and 2 archer, spearman is considered most numerous because it's first. So we can have equal numbers and still get spearman as most numerous. That's useful.

But we also need to consider our own losses. The winner takes losses equal to the loser's effective force. The loser's effective force is the defender's effective defense? Actually "attrition against the loser's effective force". In this case, the loser is the defender (the village garrison). Their effective force is their effective defense (since they are defending). So our losses will be proportional to 3. We don't know the exact formula, but likely we lose some troops. To minimize losses, we might want to send just enough to win, but also we might want to send a larger army to reduce attrition percentage? Not specified. Usually in these games, losses are a fraction. Since it's not detailed, we can assume we want to win with as few troops as possible to preserve numbers for other attacks. But we also want to capture the village and then have troops to defend it. After capturing, the village becomes ours, and we can leave a garrison? Actually, when we attack and win, we capture the village. Our troops that survive become the garrison? Or do we need to send reinforcements later? The rules: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination. You cannot march past an enemy or neutral village to hit one behind it." So if we send troops to Santarem, they stop there and fight. If they win, they capture it, and presumably they stay there as garrison. We can also send reinforcements later. So we should send enough to win and have some left to hold.

But we also want to capture both villages this turn? We can send two armies from Lisboa: one to Santarem, one to Evora. But we must split our forces. We have 12 troops total. We can send, say, 5 spearman and 2 archer to Santarem? But then for Evora, we need archers to counter spearman. We have 4 archer total. If we send some to Santarem, we have fewer for Evora.

Let's plan to capture both. For Santarem (knight), we want spearman as most numerous. For Evora (spearman), we want archer as most numerous.

We have 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight. We could send all 5 spearman to Santarem, and all 4 archer to Evora. But then for Santarem, we have only spearman (5), so most numerous is spearman, counter bonus. Attack = 5*1 = 5, with bonus 7.5. Defense 3, win. For Evora, we send 4 archer, attack = 4*2 = 8, with counter bonus (archer counters spearman) = 12. Defense 3, win. But we also have 3 knight we could send somewhere, but if we send them to one of the villages, they might change the most numerous type. For Santarem, if we send knights along with spearmen, we need to keep spearmen as most numerous. If we send 3 knights and 5 spearmen, spearmen still most numerous (5 vs 3). So we can add knights to Santarem to increase attack. For Evora, if we send knights there, they don't counter spearman; knight counters archer. So if we send knights to Evora, the most numerous type might become knight if we send more knights than archers. We want archer to be most numerous. So we should not send knights to Evora, or send few enough that archers remain most numerous. We have 4 archers; if we send 3 knights, then knights (3) vs archers (4) -> archers still most numerous? Actually 4 > 3, so archers most numerous. But knight does not counter spearman; archer does. So the counter bonus would still apply because most numerous is archer, which counters spearman. So we could send knights to Evora as long as archers are the most numerous type. But knights are fast, they might speed up the army? Mixed army marches at speed of slowest. If we send knights with archers, speed is medium (archer is medium). If we send only archers, speed medium. If we send only knights, speed fast. But we want to arrive together? Actually, we can send separate armies. They don't have to be together. We can send knights to Evora with archers, but then the army speed is medium. That's fine.

But we also need to consider that after capturing, we might want to have troops to defend. If we send all our troops, we leave Lisboa with 0. That might be risky if enemy attacks us. But enemy is far away (Barcelona), and we have no visibility of enemy armies. They might not attack immediately. Also, our capital is interior, no enemy border. So it's probably safe to leave it empty for a turn. But we can also build new troops this turn to have a garrison next turn. We can build at Lisboa. We have resources: 30 wood, 20 iron. We can build 2 spearmen (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and have 10 wood left, or 1 knight? Not enough iron. Let's see what's best. We might want to build spearmen because they are cheap and we can use them for counter. Or archers. Since we are sending all troops away, we might want to build a mix to have a balanced defense. But we can decide later.

For now, let's decide on movements. We want to capture Santarem and Evora. We need to allocate troops to each.

Option 1: Send all spearmen (5) and maybe some knights to Santarem. Send all archers (4) to Evora. Knights can go to Santarem to increase attack, but we must keep spearmen most numerous. 5 spearmen vs 3 knights: spearmen most numerous. So we can send 5 spearmen + 3 knights to Santarem. Total attack = 5*1 + 3*4 = 5+12=17. With counter bonus (spearman counters knight, and most numerous is spearman), effective attack = 17*1.5 = 25.5. Defense 3, overwhelming win. But we might suffer losses. The loser's effective force is 3, so our losses might be small. But we are sending 8 troops, leaving only 4 archers for Evora. For Evora, we send 4 archers. Attack = 8, with counter bonus (archer counters spearman) = 12. Defense 3, win. So we capture both. But we used all troops: Lisboa empty. We can build next turn.

But is it safe to leave Lisboa empty? The enemy might not reach us quickly. But we also need to consider that after capturing, those villages become ours and will have our troops as garrison. Santarem will have 8 troops (after losses), Evora 4 troops (after losses). They will produce resources. Next turn, we can build at Lisboa and also at the new villages? Actually, each village can build troops from its own resources. So after capturing, we can start building there.

But we need to consider the order of battles: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." Since we are sending from the same village (Lisboa) to two different targets, that's fine. They are separate armies.

Now, what about the neutral villages hardening? They gain +1 troop every 5 turns. Since it's turn 1, they haven't hardened. So defense is as given.

We should also consider that we might want to send a smaller force to Santarem to minimize losses. If we send only 3 spearmen, we win with effective attack 4.5 vs 3. But we might take losses. If we send more, we might take fewer losses? Not specified. Usually, larger army reduces absolute losses? Or maybe losses are a percentage. Without details, we can just send enough to win. But we also want to have troops to hold the village. If we send only 3 spearmen, after losses we might have only 2 left. That's a weak garrison. But we can reinforce later. Since we have plenty of troops, we might as well send a decent force.

Another consideration: we could send a mixed army to Santarem that includes archers or knights to increase attack, but we must keep spearman as most numerous. If we send 3 spearmen and 1 knight, spearman still most numerous (3 vs 1). Attack = 3+4=7, with bonus 10.5. That's still good. But we might want to conserve spearmen for something else? We don't have other targets yet.

We also have the option to attack only one village this turn and use the other troops to build or something. But capturing both gives us more resources faster.

Let's think about the road network. From Santarem, we can go to Coimbra (3), Badajoz (4). From Evora, we can go to Faro (5) and Badajoz (4). So both lead to further villages. We want to expand quickly.

We need to hold 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns. So we need to conquer many villages. The enemy capital is Barcelona, but we don't need to take it. There are 24 villages total. We have 1, neutral 2, unexplored 21. The enemy holds some. We need to find them.

Since we have fog of war, we only see nearby villages. We need to explore by marching armies.

For this turn, we should probably send armies to Santarem and Evora to capture them. We should also build something at Lisboa to start rebuilding our forces.

Let's decide on builds: We can build 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Since we are sending away all troops, we might want to build a mix. But we have 20 iron, we can build 1 archer and have 10 wood left. Or we could build 1 archer and 1 spearman? That would cost 20+15=35 wood, we only have 30. So not possible. We could build 2 spearmen and have 0 wood left. Or we could build nothing and save resources for later. Building spearmen is cheap and they are useful. Let's build 2 spearmen. That will give us 2 spearmen at Lisboa next turn. Also, we might want to build an archer later. But we have iron, we can build archer next turn if we save iron. Actually, if we build 2 spearmen, we use 30 wood, leaving 0 wood, 20 iron. Next turn, we produce 30 wood, 20 iron, so we'll have 30 wood, 40 iron. Then we can build archer or knight. So building spearmen now is fine.

But we also need to consider that the villages we capture will start producing this turn? The rules: "Each village you hold produces resources every turn". So if we capture Santarem and Evora this turn, do they produce resources this turn? The orders are simultaneous. The battles happen, and if we win, we capture them. Then they are ours for the resource production phase? Typically, in these games, resource production happens at the start of the turn or after movement. The report says: "Each village you hold produces resources every turn". It might be that at the beginning of the turn, you get resources from villages you hold. Since we are turn 1, we already got resources from Lisboa (30 wood, 20 iron). The villages we capture this turn will start producing next turn. So we won't get resources from them until next turn. That's fine.

Now, let's plan movements precisely.

We need to specify fromId, toId, and troops.

For Santarem (id 1): send spearman and knight? Let's decide: send 5 spearman and 3 knight? That's all our spearman and knight. But then we have no spearman left for anything else. That's fine. But we must ensure that the army size doesn't exceed the village capacity? The village capacity is 300 troops, so no issue.

For Evora (id 2): send 4 archer.

But wait: we have 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight. If we send 5 spearman + 3 knight to Santarem, that's 8 troops. Send 4 archer to Evora. That uses all 12. Lisboa will have 0 troops. But we are building 2 spearmen this turn, so next turn Lisboa will have 2 spearmen. That's okay.

But we need to consider the travel time. From Lisboa to Santarem: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn. Our army to Santarem has spearmen (slow) and knights (fast). The slowest is spearman, so it takes 1 slow turn. That means they arrive next turn (turn 2). For Evora: we send only archers (medium), so it takes 1 medium turn, also arrives next turn. So both arrive next turn and fight. Then we get results next turn.

But there is a risk: if we send all troops, and for some reason we lose the battle, we lose everything. But we calculated we should win.

Let's double-check combat math for Santarem with 5 spearman + 3 knight. Enemy: 1 knight, defense 3. Our most numerous type: spearman (5) vs knight (3) -> spearman most numerous. Spearman counters knight, so we get 1.5x bonus. Our total attack = 5*1 + 3*4 = 5+12=17. Effective attack = 17 * 1.5 = 25.5. Defender effective defense = 3. We win. Losses: we take attrition against loser's effective force (3). The rule doesn't specify how to calculate our losses. It might be that we lose a number of troops equal to the loser's effective force divided by something, or a percentage. In some games, losses are equal to the loser's effective force times some factor. Since it's not clear, we can assume we lose a few troops. But we might lose some spearmen or knights? Probably the losing side is destroyed, and the winner takes losses equal to the loser's effective force. That might mean we lose that many troops? Actually, "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So if loser's effective force is 3, we lose 3 points of troops? But what is a point? Each troop has attack and defense. Maybe we lose troops such that their total attack equals the loser's effective force? Or it could be a direct subtraction. Without details, we can just assume we win with some losses. We'll see the report next turn.

For Evora with 4 archer: Enemy 1 spearman, defense 3. Our most numerous: archer (4). Archer counters spearman, bonus 1.5x. Attack = 4*2=8, effective = 12. Win. Losses based on 3.

So both battles we should win.

But we might consider sending a smaller force to one of them to conserve troops for other uses. However, we don't have other immediate targets. We could send a mixed army to one and a smaller army to the other. For example, send 3 spearman + 1 knight to Santarem (effective attack = (3+4)*1.5 = 10.5) and 4 archer to Evora. That leaves 2 spearman and 2 knight at Lisboa. Then we could build more at Lisboa and have a reserve. That might be safer. But we need to capture quickly to expand. Since we have the resources to build, we might want to keep some troops at home to defend or to send to further villages next turn. But we can also send them next turn from Lisboa after building.

Let's think about the bigger picture. We need 18 villages. We have 1, capturing 2 gives 3. We need to explore and capture more. From Santarem, we can go to Coimbra (3) and Badajoz (4). From Evora, we can go to Faro (5) and Badajoz (4). So next turn, we could send armies to those. But we need to have troops to send. If we send all our troops this turn, we'll have only the 2 new spearmen at Lisboa next turn, plus whatever survives at the captured villages. But the captured villages will have our troops as garrison; we can also send them from there? The rules: "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So we can send troops from Lisboa to Santarem to reinforce, but they would march and join. But if we want to attack new villages, we can send from Santarem or Evora directly. So it might be better to send a moderate force to capture the villages, leaving some troops at Lisboa to build and then send to further villages.

Let's consider a more conservative approach: Send 3 spearman + 1 knight to Santarem (enough to win), and 3 archer to Evora? 3 archer: attack = 6, with bonus = 9, defense 3, win. That leaves 2 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight at Lisboa. Then we can build this turn. We could build 2 spearmen (using 30 wood) or something else. Then next turn we have a reserve of 2+2=4 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight at Lisboa, plus whatever survived at the captured villages. We can then send them to Coimbra, Faro, etc.

But we need to ensure the attacks succeed. For Santarem: 3 spearman + 1 knight. Most numerous: spearman (3) vs knight (1) -> spearman. Counter bonus. Attack = 3*1 + 1*4 = 7, effective = 10.5. Defense 3, win. For Evora: 3 archer. Attack = 6, effective = 9, defense 3, win. So both win.

But we have 4 archers total; if we send 3, we keep 1 at home. That's fine.

We could also send 2 spearman + 2 knight to Santarem? Then most numerous: spearman (2) vs knight (2) -> tie, tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight, so spearman is considered most numerous. So counter bonus applies. Attack = 2*1 + 2*4 = 2+8=10, effective = 15. Win. That uses 4 troops. Then we could send 4 archer to Evora. That uses all archers. Then we keep 3 spearman at home? Actually we have 5 spearman total. If we send 2, we have 3 left. So we could keep 3 spearman at Lisboa. That might be better: we have a strong home garrison. Let's check numbers: Total: 5 spear, 4 arch, 3 knight. Option: Santarem: 2 spear, 2 knight (4 troops). Evora: 4 arch (4 troops). Left at Lisboa: 3 spear, 0 arch, 1 knight? Wait, we used 2 knight, so 1 knight left. So left: 3 spear, 1 knight. That's 4 troops. We can build this turn: we have 30 wood, 20 iron. We could build 2 spear (30 wood) or 1 arch (20 wood, 10 iron). If we build 2 spear, next turn Lisboa has 5 spear, 1 knight. That's decent.

But is 2 spear + 2 knight enough to capture Santarem? Let's recalc: Enemy 1 knight, defense 3. Our most numerous: spear (2) vs knight (2) -> tie, spear wins tiebreak, so most numerous is spear. Spear counters knight, bonus 1.5x. Attack = 2*1 + 2*4 = 2+8=10. Effective = 15. Defense 3, win. Losses: based on 3. We might lose some troops. Could we lose our knights? Possibly. But we should win.

For Evora: 4 archer, effective 12 vs 3, win.

This leaves us with 3 spear and 1 knight at home. We also build 2 spear this turn, so next turn home has 5 spear, 1 knight. That's not bad.

But we might want to consider that after capturing, the villages will have our troops. Santarem will have the 4 troops we sent (minus losses). Evora will have 4 archer (minus losses). So we'll have troops there to defend and to send further.

Another idea: Send all troops to one village, capture it, then use that as a base. But capturing both is better for resources.

We also need to consider the enemy. We don't know where the enemy is. They might have troops near. But since we have no visibility, we can't plan for them. We should just expand.

Let's also think about the road network: from Santarem, we can go to Coimbra (3) and Badajoz (4). From Evora, to Faro (5) and Badajoz (4). Badajoz is connected to both. So we could attack Badajoz from either. But we need to see it first. We can send scouts? Actually, we can send armies to explore. When we send an army to a neutral village, we capture it and then we can see the surrounding roads? The fog of war: "You see: your own villages, every village directly connected to one of yours by road, and the destination of each army you have on the march." So after we capture Santarem, we will see all villages connected to Santarem by road. That includes Coimbra, Badajoz, and Lisboa (already known). So we'll see Coimbra and Badajoz. Similarly, from Evora we'll see Faro and Badajoz. So we'll get more information.

Now, we need to write the JSON. We need to specify build and movements.

Build: we can build at Lisboa. Let's decide: build 2 spearmen. That uses 30 wood. We have exactly 30 wood. So we can do that. Or we could build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and have 10 wood left. But we might want to save wood for something else? Actually, resources are per village; Lisboa produces 30 wood and 20 iron each turn. If we don't spend wood, it accumulates. But there's no benefit to hoarding except to build larger things. Since we can only build one type per turn per village? The rules don't limit the number of builds per village per turn, but there is a cap of 300 troops. We can build multiple units as long as we have resources. So we can build 2 spearmen in one order? The build order expects a quantity. We can specify quantity: 2. So we can build 2 spearmen at once.

But we need to consider that building takes 1 turn, so they are ready next turn. That's fine.

Now, movements: we need to decide exactly which troops to send to each.

Let's go with a balanced approach: Send 2 spearman and 2 knight to Santarem (id 1). Send 4 archer to Evora (id 2). Keep 3 spearman and 1 knight at Lisboa. Build 2 spearmen at Lisboa.

But wait: we have 5 spearman total. If we send 2, we have 3 left. We also have 3 knight total, send 2, have 1 left. So home: 3 spear, 1 knight. After building 2 spear, home will have 5 spear, 1 knight next turn.

But we need to check if we have enough resources to build 2 spearmen. Lisboa has 30 wood, 20 iron. 2 spearmen cost 30 wood, 0 iron. So yes.

Now, is it safe to send only 2 spear + 2 knight to Santarem? We need to ensure we win. Let's recalc carefully.

Enemy at Santarem: 1 knight. Effective defense = 3 (given). Our army: 2 spear (attack 1 each), 2 knight (attack 4 each). Total attack = 2+8=10. Most numerous type: we have 2 spear, 2 knight. Tie. Tiebreak order: spearman, archer, knight. So spearman is considered most numerous. Spearman counters knight. So we get 1.5x bonus. Effective attack = 10 * 1.5 = 15. Effective defense = 3. 15 > 3, we win. The margin is large.

For Evora: 4 archer. Attack = 4*2=8. Most numerous: archer (4). Archer counters spearman (enemy is spearman). Bonus 1.5x. Effective attack = 12. Defense = 3. Win.

So both win.

Now, what about losses? The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." Loser's effective force is 3 for each. So we will lose some troops. How many? It might be that we lose a number of troops equal to the loser's effective force divided by something. In some games, losses are equal to the loser's effective force times the ratio of attacker's force? Not specified. We'll see next turn. But we should be aware that we might lose some of the troops we sent. So the garrisons left might be smaller.

We could send more troops to ensure we have enough left to hold. But we also want to keep some at home. Since we are building new ones, it's okay.

Another consideration: The enemy might have reinforcements? Neutral villages harden every 5 turns, but it's turn 1, so no.

Let's think about the order of battles: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." Since we are sending from the same village to different targets, that's fine. But what if we send multiple armies from the same village to the same target? That would be bad because they fight separately. We are not doing that.

Now, we need to write the plan and statement.

Plan: We should write a note to ourselves about what we are doing and why. For example: "Capturing Santarem and Evora to expand territory. Sending 2 spear + 2 knight to Santarem, 4 archer to Evora. Keeping 3 spear + 1 knight at Lisboa. Building 2 spearmen. Next turn, explore Coimbra and Badajoz from Santarem, and Faro from Evora. Watch for enemy movements."

Statement: For the audience, we can say something like: "I am sending my armies to capture the nearby neutral villages of Santarem and Evora to begin my expansion. I have left a small force at the capital and am building reinforcements."

Now, we need to format the JSON correctly.

The build field: an array of objects with villageId, type, quantity. We only have one village: Lisboa (id 0). We'll build 2 spearmen.

Movements: array of objects with fromId, toId, troops. Troops is an object with keys spearman, archer, knight. We need to specify the exact numbers.

For Santarem: fromId 0, toId 1, troops: {"spearman": 2, "knight": 2}. Note: we don't include archer, so 0 or omit? The example shows keys for all types? It says "troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}. So we should include all three, with 0 for those not sent. So for Santarem: {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}. For Evora: {"spearman": 0, "archer": 4, "knight": 0}.

We need to ensure we don't send more than we have. We have 5 spear, 4 arch, 3 knight. Sending 2+0=2 spear, 0+4=4 arch, 2+0=2 knight. Total spear used: 2, leaving 3. Arch: 4, leaving 0. Knight: 2, leaving 1. So we have enough.

Now, is there any reason to send a different combination? We could send 3 spear + 1 knight to Santarem, and 3 arch to Evora, leaving 2 spear, 1 arch, 2 knight at home. That might be better because we keep an archer at home for diversity. But we don't have any enemy nearby to worry about. I think the current plan is fine.

Let's consider the possibility that the enemy might have troops near Santarem or Evora? We don't see any enemy armies, but there could be enemy villages nearby. However, we only see connected villages. The unexplored list includes many. The enemy capital is Barcelona, far away. So likely the enemy is in the east. Our area is probably safe.

Another thought: The rule "The enemy capital is the hardest single target on the map; taking it is NOT required to win." So we can ignore Barcelona.

We need to hold 18 of 24 villages for 2 consecutive turns. That means we need to conquer most of the map. There are 24 villages total. We have 1, so we need 17 more. We'll capture 2 this turn, making 3. Then we need 15 more. Some are enemy, some neutral. We need to find them all.

We should also consider that we might want to send a scout to explore further. But we can only send armies that fight when they hit a village. So we can send a small force to a neutral village to capture it and see further. That's what we're doing.

Now, let's write the JSON.

We need to be careful with the IDs: Lisboa is 0, Santarem 1, Evora 2.

Build: [ {"villageId": 0, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2} ]

Movements: 
[
  {"fromId": 0, "toId": 1, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}},
  {"fromId": 0, "toId": 2, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 4, "knight": 0}}
]

Plan: "I am capturing Santarem and Evora to start my expansion. I sent 2 spear and 2 knight to Santarem, and 4 archer to Evora. I kept 3 spear and 1 knight at Lisboa and built 2 more spearmen. Next turn I will explore Coimbra, Badajoz, and Faro, and continue building my army. I must be cautious of enemy movements and ensure I hold 18 villages for two turns."

Statement: "My armies have marched to the neutral villages of Santarem and Evora. With the spearman leading the attack on Santarem and archers on Evora, I expect to capture both. I have left a small force at the capital and am building reinforcements to continue my expansion across the peninsula."

We need to keep plan and statement within 2-4 lines, and plan under 600 characters. Our plan is about 200 characters, fine.

Now, let's double-check if there are any other orders we should consider. For example, should we send a knight to somewhere else? We have 1 knight left at home. We could send it to Santarem or Evora to reinforce, but if we send it to Santarem, it would arrive after the battle? Actually, if we send it now, it would march and arrive at Santarem. But Santarem will be captured by the first army. If we send another army to Santarem, they would arrive and join the garrison? The rules: "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." But at the time of sending, Santarem is not ours yet. If we send a second army to Santarem, what happens? The first army arrives and fights. The second army is also marching to Santarem. Do they arrive at the same time? The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." But here both are from the same village? Actually, they are from the same village (Lisboa). If we send two armies from Lisboa to Santarem, they would be separate sends. The first one would fight the garrison, the second one would arrive and... what? It says "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". If the first army captures Santarem, then when the second army arrives, Santarem is now ours, so it would not stop; it would join the garrison. But the timing: both armies were sent this turn. They both have the same travel time (1 slow turn if they have slow troops). They would arrive simultaneously? The rule says "each send fights alone, one at a time." So they would arrive sequentially? It's ambiguous. To avoid complications, it's better to send only one army per target per turn. So we should not send a second army to the same target.

We could send the remaining knight to a different village, but we don't own any other yet. We could send it to a neutral village we haven't seen? But we can only send to a village we know the ID of. We only know Lisboa, Santarem, Evora. We could send it to Santarem or Evora as reinforcement after capture, but that would be a separate order. Since we are sending the main forces this turn, we might just keep the knight at home. Or we could send it to Santarem to arrive after the battle? But if we send it this turn, it will arrive next turn, same time as the first army? Actually, if we send only knights (fast), they take 1 fast turn. The first army has slow troops, so it takes 1 slow turn. So the fast army would arrive earlier? The rules: "Marching takes turns, and during those turns the enemy keeps building and moving." Travel time is measured in turns. A fast army takes fewer turns. So if we send a knight-only army to Santarem, it would take 1 fast turn, while the mixed army takes 1 slow turn. Since slow > fast, the fast army would arrive first? Actually, 1 fast turn is shorter than 1 slow turn. So the knight army would arrive first and fight the garrison alone. Then the mixed army arrives later and would face an empty village (if the knight army captured it) or would fight the knight army? That would be messy. So it's better to send one army to each target, or send armies that arrive at the same time. Since we want to capture both simultaneously, we should send armies with similar speeds. Our current plan: Santarem army has spearman (slow) and knight (fast), so speed is slow (1 slow turn). Evora army has archer (medium), speed medium (1 medium turn). Slow and medium are different? 1 slow turn vs 1 medium turn: which is longer? The report says "march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns". So slow turns are longer than medium. So 1 slow turn is longer than 1 medium turn. So the Evora army (medium) would arrive before the Santarem army (slow). That means Evora would be captured first, then Santarem. But that's fine; they are different targets. The order doesn't matter as long as we capture both. But we need to ensure that when the Evora army arrives, Evora is still neutral. It will be. So no problem.

But we must consider that the enemy might move during those turns. Since we have no visibility, we can't predict.

Now, what about the remaining troops at home: 3 spear, 1 knight. We could send them to a neutral village we can see? We only see Santarem and Evora, which we are already attacking. We could send them to reinforce one of them, but as discussed, that might cause separate battles. It's safer to keep them at home to defend and build.

We could also send them to a neutral village that we haven't seen? But we need to know the ID. We don't know the IDs of unexplored villages. We only know the IDs from the list, but we haven't seen them, so we can't send there because we don't know if they are friendly or not? Actually, we know the IDs of all villages from the road network? The report lists "UNEXPLORED (21) - never seen; find them on the ROAD NETWORK below". It gives names and IDs. So we know the IDs of all villages. But we don't know their status (neutral, enemy, etc.). We can send troops to any village ID, but if it's enemy, we would be attacking. But we don't know where the enemy is. We could send a small force to explore by marching to an unexplored village. However, the rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So if we send troops to a distant village, they will stop at the first neutral or enemy village on the way. Since we only see connected villages, we can only send to villages we know the road to. From Lisboa, we can only directly send to Santarem and Evora. To reach others, we must go through them. So we can't send directly to Coimbra from Lisboa; we must go through Santarem. So our immediate options are limited to Santarem and Evora.

Thus, our plan is sound.

Let's consider if we should send a different composition. For Santarem, we could send only spearmen to minimize losses of knights. But knights are more valuable. If we send only 3 spearmen, we win with effective 4.5 vs 3. But we might take more losses? Actually, losses are based on the loser's effective force (3). If we send 3 spearmen, we have 3 troops. After battle, we might lose some. If we send 2 spear + 2 knight, we have 4 troops. The loss might be a number, not a percentage. Without knowing the formula, it's hard. But generally, having more troops might reduce the percentage lost, or it might be a fixed number. In many games, losses are a fraction of the army. If it's a fraction, then sending more troops means we lose more in absolute terms but maybe fewer per capita? Not sure. Since the rule says "attrition against the loser's effective force", it might mean we lose troops equal to the loser's effective force. That is, we lose 3 points of troops. What is a point? It could be that each troop has a "force" value. Spearman has attack 1, defense 2; maybe its force is 1 or something. If we lose 3 points, we might lose 3 spearmen, or 1 knight (attack 4) and 1 spearman? It's ambiguous. To be safe, we might want to send the cheapest troops to avoid losing expensive ones. So sending only spearmen to Santarem might be better because if we lose troops, they are cheap. But we also want to conserve archers for Evora where they are effective. We have plenty of spearmen (5). We could send 5 spearmen to Santarem, and 4 archers to Evora. That uses all spearmen and archers, leaving 3 knights at home. Then we build 2 spearmen this turn, so next turn home has 2 spear, 3 knight. That's a good mix. And we don't risk losing knights. Let's evaluate that.

Option A: Send 5 spear to Santarem, 4 arch to Evora, keep 3 knight at home. Build 2 spear at home.
Santarem: 5 spear. Most numerous: spear (5). Counter bonus. Attack = 5*1 = 5, effective = 7.5 vs 3. Win. Losses: based on 3. We might lose some spearmen. But we have 5, so even if we lose 2 or 3, we still have some left to hold.
Evora: 4 arch. Effective 12 vs 3. Win. Losses based on 3. Might lose some archers.
Home: 3 knight. After building 2 spear, home has 2 spear, 3 knight. That's a decent reserve. And we didn't risk our knights in battle. Knights are fast and expensive, we might need them later for cavalry charges.

Option B: Our previous plan: 2 spear + 2 knight to Santarem, 4 arch to Evora, keep 3 spear + 1 knight. Build 2 spear. This risks knights in battle. If we lose knights, we lose expensive units. Also, we keep some spear at home, but we sent some spear to Santarem.

Option C: Send 3 spear + 1 knight to Santarem, 3 arch to Evora, keep 2 spear, 1 arch, 2 knight. Build something.

I think Option A is better because it minimizes the risk of losing knights. Knights are valuable for their speed and attack. Also, we have 3 knights at home, which can quickly respond to threats. And we are building more spearmen, so we'll have spearmen to reinforce.

But wait: If we send all 5 spearmen to Santarem, we have no spearmen left at home. The 3 knights at home are vulnerable if attacked? But knights are good defenders too. Defense for knight is 2. In a village, defense bonus x1.25, so effective defense 2.5. Against most things, it's okay. And we are building 2 spear next turn, so we'll have some spear.

Also, consider that after capturing Santarem, we might want to send troops from there to Coimbra. If we have only spearmen there, that's fine for attacking Coimbra (which we don't know its garrison yet). But we might need archers or knights later. We can build at Santarem next turn using its resources. Santarem will produce 30 wood, 20 iron. We can build there. So we can start producing troops there.

So Option A seems good: Send all spearmen to Santarem, all archers to Evora, keep all knights at home. Build 2 spearmen at home (but we have 0 wood after building? Wait, we have 30 wood, building 2 spear uses 30 wood, so 0 wood left. But we also have 20 iron. Next turn, Lisboa produces 30 wood, 20 iron, so we'll have resources to build more. The new villages will also produce. So it's fine.

But we need to check: Can we build 2 spearmen if we have 30 wood? Yes. But we also need to consider that the village of Lisboa has a cap of 300 troops, we have 3 knights at home, plus 2 built = 5, well under cap.

Now, let's see if 5 spearmen is enough to capture Santarem. We calculated effective attack 7.5 vs 3. Win. But what about the tie rule? If effective attack equals effective defense, defender wins. 7.5 > 3, so we win. No issue.

For Evora: 4 archers, effective 12 vs 3, win.

So both capture.

Now, we need to consider the travel time: 5 spear to Santarem: all spearman are slow, so speed slow, takes 1 slow turn. 4 arch to Evora: archers are medium, takes 1 medium turn. So they arrive at different times? Actually, 1 slow turn is longer than 1 medium turn. So the archers will arrive first (after 1 medium turn), then the spearmen arrive later (after 1 slow turn). That means Evora will be captured on the medium turn, and Santarem on the slow turn. But since turns are discrete, they might both arrive on the next turn? The report says "march from [0] Lisboa: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means it takes 1 slow turn, 1 medium turn, or 1 fast turn depending on the speed of the army. In terms of game turns, a "slow turn" might be the same as a game turn? Actually, it's likely that the game measures time in turns, and different troop types take different numbers of turns to cover the same distance. For example, a distance of 1 might take 1 turn for fast, 1 turn for medium? No, it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That implies that for this particular route, it takes 1 turn if you have slow troops, 1 turn if you have medium, 1 turn if you have fast. So all take 1 turn. But then why list different speeds? Because for longer distances, the number of turns differs. For example, a route might take 5 slow turns, 3 medium, 2 fast. So here, the distance from Lisboa to Santarem is such that it takes 1 turn regardless of speed. So they all arrive in 1 turn. Similarly for Evora. So they arrive simultaneously after 1 turn. That simplifies things.

So both armies arrive next turn (turn 2) and fight. Since they are on different targets, they fight independently.

Now, we need to write the JSON with these orders.

Build: [ {"villageId": 0, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2} ]

Movements: 
[
  {"fromId": 0, "toId": 1, "troops": {"spearman": 5, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
  {"fromId": 0, "toId": 2, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 4, "knight": 0}}
]

But wait: we have 5 spearman total. If we send 5 to Santarem, we send all. That's fine. We have 4 archer, send all to Evora. We have 3 knight, keep at home (we don't send them). So the movements only include the troops we send. The home troops stay.

Now, we need to ensure we don't send troops we don't have. We have exactly 5 spear, 4 arch, 3 knight. So sending 5 spear and 4 arch is valid.

Now, plan and statement.

Plan: "I am sending all spearmen to Santarem and all archers to Evora to capture both neutral villages. I am keeping my knights at the capital to defend and building two more spearmen. Next turn, I will explore from my new villages and continue expanding. I must be cautious of the enemy and aim to hold 18 villages for two turns."

Statement: "My armies have set out to claim the nearby villages of Santarem and Evora. With spearmen leading the charge at Santarem and archers at Evora, I expect to secure both. I have left my knights at the capital and am building more troops to sustain my campaign."

Now, check character limits: plan is about 200 chars, statement similar. Fine.

But we should also consider if we should send any troops to explore unexplored villages. We can't because we don't know the route? Actually, from Lisboa we can only go to Santarem and Evora. To go elsewhere, we must first capture those. So we can't.

What about sending a knight to Santarem as a scout? Not needed.

Now, let's think about the enemy. The enemy is probably King B or something. We don't know their strength. But we should be careful. Our current plan is aggressive but safe.

One more thing: The rule "Each village you hold produces resources every turn, and resources are what build your army." So capturing villages is key. We are doing that.

Also, "Cap per village: when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building". Not an issue.

Now, let's consider if we should build something else at Lisboa. We have 30 wood, 20 iron. We could build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and have 10 wood left. That would give us an archer at home. But archers are useful against spearmen. We might encounter enemy spearmen later. But we are sending all archers away, so having one at home might be good for defense. But we are building 2 spearmen, which are cheap. We could instead build 1 archer and 1 spearman? Not enough wood. 1 archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron; 1 spear costs 15 wood; total 35 wood, we have 30. So can't. We could build 1 knight? 30 wood, 30 iron, we have 20 iron, so no. So our options are: 2 spear (30 wood), or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, or 1 spear (15 wood) leaving 15 wood, or nothing. Building 2 spear gives us 2 extra troops. Building 1 archer gives us a more versatile troop but fewer total. Since we are sending all archers away, having an archer at home might be good for future attacks where we need to counter spearmen. But we can also build archers at Evora next turn. So maybe it's better to build 2 spear to quickly increase numbers. Numbers are important because the most numerous type sets the counter. Having more spearmen can help us maintain spearman as most numerous in future battles. So I'll stick with 2 spear.

But wait: we are sending all 5 spear to Santarem. So at home we have 0 spear after sending. We build 2 spear, so next turn home has 2 spear. That's a small number. If we build 1 archer instead, home would have 0 spear, 1 archer, 3 knight. That's a mix. But 2 spear gives us 2 troops that can counter knights. I think 2 spear is fine.

Let's consider the losses. When we attack Santarem with 5 spear, we might lose some. If we lose, say, 2 spear, then Santarem will have 3 spear left. That's still a garrison. For Evora with 4 arch, we might lose 1 or 2, leaving 2 or 3. So our total troops after next turn might be: Lisboa: 2 spear (newly built) + 3 knight = 5 troops. Santarem: ~3 spear. Evora: ~3 arch. Total ~11 troops. We started with 12, so we might have a net loss of 1 or 2. But we gain 2 villages, which produce resources. So it's a good trade.

Now, we need to output the JSON. Ensure we use the correct format.

Let's write the JSON:

{
  "build": [ {"villageId": 0, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2} ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 0, "toId": 1, "troops": {"spearman": 5, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 0, "toId": 2, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 4, "knight": 0}}
  ],
  "plan": "I am sending all spearmen to Santarem and all archers to Evora to capture both villages. I keep my knights at the capital for defense and build two more spearmen. Next turn I will explore from my new villages and continue expanding. I must be cautious and aim to hold 18 villages for two turns.",
  "statement": "My armies have marched to claim the neutral villages of Santarem and Evora. With spearmen leading at Santarem and archers at Evora, I expect to secure both. I have left my knights at the capital and am building more troops to sustain my campaign across the peninsula."
}

Check if the plan is under 600 characters: It's about 250. Fine.

Now, we should consider if there is any other action we can take. For instance, we could send a knight to Santarem to join the battle? But we decided not to. We could send a knight to Evora? That would change the most numerous type there. If we send 1 knight to Evora with 4 archers, most numerous is still archer (4 vs 1), so counter bonus still applies. But then we risk the knight. And we would have fewer knights at home. Not needed.

What about sending a spearman to somewhere? No.

We could also order no movements and just build, but that would waste a turn.

I think this is a good first move.

Let's double-check the IDs: Lisboa is 0, Santarem 1, Evora 2. Correct.

Now, we need to make sure the JSON is valid. No trailing commas.

We'll output only the JSON.

But the instructions say: "Reply with ONE valid JSON object and nothing else - no text before or after it." So we must output exactly the JSON.

Let's write it.

ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":0,"destinoId":1,"tropas":{"lanceiro":5,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":0,"destinoId":2,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":4,"cavaleiro":0}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO envio [0]->[1]: 5S (alvo neutra cavaleiro)
ACEITO envio [0]->[2]: 4A (alvo neutra lanceiro)
plano (volta no proximo prompt): I am sending all spearmen to Santarem and all archers to Evora to capture both villages. I keep my knights at the capital for defense and build two more spearmen. Next turn I will explore from my new villages and continue expanding. I must be cautious and aim to hold 18 villages for two turns.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): My armies have marched to claim the neutral villages of Santarem and Evora. With spearmen leading at Santarem and archers at Evora, I expect to secure both. I have left my knights at the capital and am building more troops to sustain my campaign across the peninsula.
########## TURNO 1 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 2435 | resposta 1901 | raciocinio 1436 | finish stop | ms 25833
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\n      \"villageId\": 22,\n      \"type\": \"spearman\",\n      \"quantity\": 2\n    }\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\n      \"fromId\": 22,\n      \"toId\": 21,\n      \"troops\": {\n        \"spearman\": 5,\n        \"archer\": 4,\n        \"knight\": 3\n      }\n    }\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Capture Tarragona (21) with my full army now, then Girona (23) next turn. Build spearman continuously to grow my forces. After securing the coast, push inland toward Zaragoza (17) and Madrid (12) to claim neutral villages and expand my territory. Need to reach 18 villages to win.\",\n  \"statement\": \"I march all my troops to take Tarragona, while my smiths forge two new spearman. The expansion has begun!\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B in a strategy game. I need to analyze the current state and provide orders in a specific JSON format.

Current state:
- I hold 1 of 24 villages (Barcelona, id 22).
- I need to hold 18 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.
- I have 12 soldiers at home: 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight.
- Neutral villages nearby: Tarragona (21, 1 knight), Girona (23, 1 spearman).
- Enemy capital is Lisboa (0), but taking it is not required.
- I need to expand and build an army.

Economy:
- Barcelona produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn.
- Costs: spearman 15 wood, 0 iron; archer 20 wood, 10 iron; knight 30 wood, 30 iron.
- I can build up to 300 troops per village, but currently 12/300.

Movement:
- Roads connect villages.
- Armies stop at first non-owned village.
- March time depends on speed.

Strategy:
- I should build more troops to expand.
- I can attack neutral villages to gain territory.
- Tarragona and Girona are nearby (1 turn march).
- I should probably build a mix of troops, maybe archers and spearman since knights are expensive.
- Let's check resources: wood 30, iron 20.
- Can build 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron - not enough iron).
- I can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) but that's 35 wood, I only have 30. So I can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and have 10 wood left, but no more spearman.
- Actually, I can build 1 archer and 1 spearman? 20+15=35 wood, too much.
- I can build 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
- I'll build 2 spearman for now, as they are cheaper and I need numbers.
- Or maybe 1 archer for attack power.
- Let's see: I have 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight. If I attack Tarragona (1 knight), I might want archers or spearman? Knight counters archer, but I have archers. Actually, spearman counters knight. So if I send spearman, they counter knight.
- Tarragona has 1 knight. Effective defense 3. My spearman attack 1, if I send 5, attack 5, defense 3, I win. But I should send some to attack.
- I can send all 5 spearman to Tarragona. They will fight the knight. Spearman vs knight: spearman counters knight, so attack 1 * 1.5 = 1.5 each? Wait, the rule: "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So 5 spearman attack = 5 * 1 * 1.5 = 7.5? Or is it the total force? "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup". If I send only spearman, most numerous is spearman, so spearman vs knight: spearman counters knight, so my force is multiplied by 1.5. So effective attack = 5 * 1 * 1.5 = 7.5. Defense of knight is 2, but in village defense is x1.25? "effective defense (location bonus included): 3" so it's already 3. So 7.5 vs 3, I win easily.
- But I should also build more troops.
- I can build 2 spearman this turn.
- Also, I can send troops to Girona (1 spearman) but I can only send one army per turn? "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS" but I can send multiple armies from different villages. I only have one village, so I can send one army from Barcelona.
- I need to decide where to send. I can send to Tarragona or Girona, or to reinforce something.
- I'll send to Tarragona to capture it, as it's a knight (maybe more valuable?) but Girona is spearman.
- Actually, both are neutral. I should take both eventually, but I can only send one army this turn.
- I'll send all troops to Tarragona? But I might want to keep some for defense? There's no enemy nearby, so I can send all.
- Let's send 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight to Tarragona. But wait, "Armies march along the ROAD NETWORK... An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So if I send to Tarragona, it's the first village, so it's fine.
- I'll send all 12 troops to Tarragona.
- But I should also build more troops. I'll build 2 spearman.
- Wait, I need to check if I can build and send in the same turn? Yes, orders are simultaneous. I can build at Barcelona and send from Barcelona. The new troops will be ready in 1 turn, so they won't be available this turn to send. "ready in 1 turn" means they are built by next turn. So I can only send existing troops.
- So I'll send existing troops to Tarragona, and build 2 spearman for next turn.

Let's plan the campaign:
- Next turns, I'll take Tarragona, then Girona, then expand into unexplored territory.
- I need to find more villages and eventually hold 18.

Now, let's format the JSON.

"build": [{"villageId": 22, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}]
"movements": [{"fromId": 22, "toId": 21, "troops": {"spearman": 5, "archer": 4, "knight": 3}}]

Wait, I should not send all? Maybe send enough to win, but keep some? But there's no threat, so sending all is fine.
But if I send all, my village will be empty. Is that a problem? The enemy might attack, but they are far away. I'll send all.

Actually, I should consider that if I send all, I have no defense. But the enemy is not nearby, so it's okay.

Let's write the plan and statement.

Plan: "Capture Tarragona and Girona to expand. Build spearman to reinforce. Then explore south towards Zaragoza and beyond to gain more villages. Aim to hold 18 villages quickly."

Statement: "I send my entire army to capture Tarragona, while my blacksmiths forge more spearman. Expansion begins now!"

Now, check if I need to send to Girona instead? Tarragona has knight, Girona has spearman. Knight is more dangerous? But I have spearman to counter. I'll take Tarragona first.

Also, I should consider that after taking Tarragona, I can build there. But I need to send troops to Girona next turn.

Let's do it.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":22,"destinoId":21,"tropas":{"lanceiro":5,"arqueiro":4,"cavaleiro":3}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO envio [22]->[21]: 5S+4A+3K (alvo neutra cavaleiro)
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Capture Tarragona (21) with my full army now, then Girona (23) next turn. Build spearman continuously to grow my forces. After securing the coast, push inland toward Zaragoza (17) and Madrid (12) to claim neutral villages and expand my territory. Need to reach 18 villages to win.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): I march all my troops to take Tarragona, while my smiths forge two new spearman. The expansion has begun!
placar: A 1 ald/tropas 3 | B 1 ald/tropas 0 | neutras 22 | transito 3 (A 2 | B 1)

########## TURNO 2 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 2327 | resposta 8778 | raciocinio 8778 | finish content_filter | ms 112453
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: We are King A. We currently hold 3 villages: Lisboa (capital), Santarem, Evora. We have 13 soldiers at home: 6 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight. No marching armies.

We need to win by holding at least 18 of 24 villages for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. Currently 3/24.

We have resources: Lisboa: wood 30, iron 40. Santarem and Evora have 0 wood, 0 iron. So only Lisboa can build troops now.

We can see neutral villages: Coimbra (1 spearman), Badajoz (2 knights), Faro (2 knights). They are adjacent to our villages.

Road network: Lisboa connected to Santarem and Evora. Santarem connected to Coimbra and Badajoz. Evora connected to Faro. Also other connections.

We need to expand. Since we have only 3 villages, we need to capture neutral villages to increase our hold. But we must be careful because neutral villages have garrisons and we need to attack them.

Combat rules: When attacking, we use attack values, defender uses defense (with location bonus already included in effective defense). The effective defense values given: Coimbra: 3, Badajoz: 5, Faro: 5. These include location bonus. So we just compare our attack force to these numbers.

We can send troops from our villages. We have available: Lisboa: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight. Santarem: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. Evora: 0 spearman, 4 archer, 0 knight.

We need to decide which neutral village to attack. Let's evaluate:

Coimbra: garrison 1 spearman, effective defense 3. We can attack from Santarem. Santarem has 4 spearman. Spearman attack 1 each, so 4 attack. Against defense 3, we win? But we need to consider counter triangle? The garrison is spearman, so our spearman vs spearman: no counter bonus (spearman counters knight, not spearman). So our attack is 4, defense 3. We win, but we take losses? The winner takes losses against the loser's effective force. The loser's effective force is their attack? Actually, in combat, the side with higher effective force wins. Effective force is attack * (counter bonus if applicable). For attacker, we use attack. For defender, they use defense (with location bonus). But the loss calculation: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So we need to compute effective force of loser. If we attack with 4 spearman (attack 4) vs defense 3, our effective force is 4, theirs is 3. We win, but we take losses equal to their effective force? Actually, attrition: the winner takes losses equal to the loser's effective force? The rule says: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So we lose some troops. How many? It might be that we lose a number of troops equal to the loser's effective force divided by something? The rule is vague. In many such games, losses are proportional. But we need to interpret. The report says: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." Possibly it means the winner's force is reduced by the loser's effective force? But that would mean if we attack with 4 vs defense 3, we lose 3 troops? That seems high. Alternatively, it might be that both sides lose troops based on the opponent's force. But the rule says "The winner also takes losses", implying the loser is destroyed entirely, and the winner takes some losses. Since it's not specified, we need to assume a typical mechanic: maybe the winner loses a number of troops equal to the loser's effective force divided by some factor, or maybe just a fixed proportion. But the problem statement doesn't give exact formula. We have to infer from earlier turns? The "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" says: "You attacked [1] Santarem: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 1 troop)" and "You attacked [2] Evora: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 0 troops)". That gives some clue. Last turn, we attacked Santarem and Evora. We don't know what we sent, but we lost 1 troop in Santarem and 0 in Evora. So losses can be small. So maybe the attrition is not simply equal to effective force. Perhaps it's a subtraction: our force minus their force? Or maybe it's a dice roll. Since we don't have details, we'll assume that if we attack with a larger force, we win but might lose a few troops. The exact number might be determined by the difference. But for planning, we can try to minimize losses by using overwhelming force.

We want to capture villages. Let's consider our resources: Lisboa produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. It currently has 30 wood, 40 iron. We can build troops. Costs: spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron. archer: 20 wood, 10 iron. knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. We can build at most cap of 300 troops per village, but we have few.

We need to decide on builds and movements for this turn.

First, we should build troops to increase our army. Lisboa has wood 30, iron 40. We can build:
- spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron -> we can build at most 2 (30 wood) but we have 0 iron? Actually iron is not needed for spearman. So we can build 2 spearman, leaving 0 wood. Or we can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 30 iron. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 0 wood, 10 iron. Or combinations.

We also have Santarem and Evora with 0 resources, so they cannot build anything unless we send resources? No, resources are per village and only produced there. They produce 30 wood, 20 iron per turn, but currently they have 0 because they were just captured? The report says wood 0 (+30/turn) meaning they produce 30 per turn but currently have 0. So next turn they will have 30 wood, 20 iron. But this turn they have 0, so they cannot build.

So only Lisboa can build this turn.

We need to decide what to build. We might want to build knights because they are powerful, but expensive. We have 3 knights already. We could build another knight to have 4, but that costs 30 wood, 30 iron. We have exactly 30 wood, 40 iron, so we can build 1 knight, leaving 0 wood, 10 iron. Or we could build 2 spearman (30 wood) and have 40 iron left. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 30 iron, and then we can't build another because wood left 10 < 20. So best might be to build 1 knight to get a fourth knight, which is a powerful unit. Knights have attack 4, defense 2, speed fast. They are good attackers.

But we also need to consider that we need to capture villages. We have three neutral villages visible. Let's analyze attacking each:

1. Coimbra: garrison 1 spearman, defense 3. We can attack from Santarem. Santarem has 4 spearman. If we send all 4 spearman, attack = 4. vs defense 3, we win. But we might lose some troops. How many? Last turn we attacked Santarem and lost 1 troop. We don't know the details. But if we send 4 spearman, we might lose 1 or 2. After victory, we capture Coimbra, and our surviving troops become the garrison there? Or do they return? Typically in these games, when you attack and win, your troops that survived stay at the village as garrison? Or they can be used to continue marching? The rules: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So if we order an attack on Coimbra from Santarem, the army marches from Santarem to Coimbra (1 turn? The march from Santarem to Coimbra: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Since we send spearman (slow), it takes 1 turn? Actually "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means if we send slow troops it takes 1 turn? That seems odd: it says "march from [1] Santarem: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That probably means the distance is such that a slow army takes 1 turn, medium takes 1 turn, fast takes 1 turn? Or maybe it's 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast? That would mean all speeds take the same time? That can't be. Perhaps it means the march time is 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast? Actually, it might be that the numbers are the number of turns required. So if we send spearman (slow), it takes 1 turn; if we send archer (medium), it takes 1 turn; if we send knight (fast), it takes 1 turn. So all take 1 turn. That simplifies: all these adjacent villages are 1 turn away for any speed. So we can attack and the battle happens immediately? The rules: "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now. Nothing you order this turn is visible to them before it happens." So we give orders, then the turn resolves. If we order an attack from Santarem to Coimbra, the troops will march and arrive? But if it takes 1 turn, do they fight this turn or next? The report says "march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns" in the general rules. So for this specific case, it says "march from [1] Santarem: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So it takes 1 turn for any. That means if we order the march now, they will arrive and fight at the end of this turn? Or at the beginning of next turn? Typically in these games, when you order a movement, the troops start moving and arrive after the travel time, and then combat occurs. But since orders are simultaneous, the enemy might also move. The rules: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So if we send troops to Coimbra, they will stop at Coimbra and fight the garrison. Since travel time is 1 turn, they will fight at the end of this turn? Or next turn? The "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" shows we attacked Santarem and Evora and conquered them, with losses. That suggests that when we attacked, we sent troops and they arrived and fought in the same turn? Because the report is from TURN 2, and it says "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" meaning turn 1? Actually, it says "TURN 2 - You are King A. These numbers are from TURN 2. Ignore quantities from earlier turns." So the current state is turn 2. The "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" describes turn 1 actions: we attacked Santarem and Evora and conquered them. So in turn 1, we gave orders to attack, and by turn 2, we had conquered them. So the combat resolved in one turn. Therefore, if we order an attack on a village that is 1 turn away, the result will be known next turn (turn 3). So we need to plan our builds and movements for this turn (turn 2) to be executed and results shown on turn 3.

Now, we need to decide which village to attack. We can attack multiple? We have troops in different villages. We can send from Santarem to Coimbra, from Evora to Faro, and maybe from Lisboa to somewhere? But Lisboa is connected to Santarem and Evora, which are ours, so we can send troops to reinforce them, but not directly to attack a neutral unless we go through our own villages? The rule: "You cannot march past an enemy or neutral village to hit one behind it." So from Lisboa, to attack a neutral, we would have to go through Santarem or Evora, but since they are ours, we can pass through? Actually, the rule says you cannot march past an enemy or neutral village. If we go from Lisboa to Santarem (ours), then from Santarem to Coimbra, that's two legs. But we can only order a single destination? The orders: we specify fromId and toId. The army will march along the road network. If we order from Lisboa to Coimbra, the path is Lisboa -> Santarem -> Coimbra. Since Santarem is ours, they can pass through? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So if we order from Lisboa to Coimbra, the first village on the path is Santarem, which is ours, so they would stop there? Actually, "stops at the first village on its path that is not yours" means if the first village is yours, they continue? Or do they stop at every village? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So if the first village is yours, they don't stop? They would just pass through? But the rule says "stops at the first village... that is not yours". So if it is yours, they don't stop. So they would go through Santarem and then to Coimbra. However, the travel time: from Lisboa to Coimbra via Santarem: the distances are not given directly, but we can infer. Lisboa to Santarem: distance? Not given. But we can see the march times from Santarem to Coimbra is 1 turn. From Lisboa to Santarem is probably also 1 turn? The report doesn't give march times from Lisboa to its neighbors. But we can assume they are similar. So from Lisboa to Coimbra would take 2 turns? Actually, the travel time is measured along roads. Since we don't have exact times, we might need to just use the given march times. The report only gives march times for the visible villages: from Santarem to Coimbra, Badajoz; from Evora to Faro. It doesn't give from Lisboa to Santarem or Evora. But we can infer that since Santarem and Evora are connected to Lisboa, the distance might be similar. But to keep it simple, we can just send troops from the nearest village.

We have troops in Santarem (4 spearman) that can reach Coimbra in 1 turn. We have troops in Evora (4 archer) that can reach Faro in 1 turn. We have troops in Lisboa (2 spearman, 3 knight) that could go to Santarem or Evora to reinforce, but that would take some turns. Or we could send them directly to attack? From Lisboa, if we send to Coimbra, the path goes through Santarem. Since Santarem is ours, they would pass through. But the travel time would be Lisboa->Santarem (maybe 1 turn) + Santarem->Coimbra (1 turn) = 2 turns. So they would arrive later. But we could send them now.

However, we need to consider that we might want to capture multiple villages this turn. Since orders are simultaneous, we can issue multiple attack orders. But we must be careful: if we send all our troops to attack, our capital and other villages might be undefended. But currently there is no enemy visible, so maybe no immediate threat. But we should leave some defense.

Let's think about our overall strategy. We need 18 villages. We have 3. We need 15 more. There are 21 neutral/enemy villages? Actually, total 24, we have 3, enemy has some (including capital), and neutrals. The unexplored ones might be enemy or neutral. We need to expand quickly.

We should try to capture Coimbra, Badajoz, and Faro this turn? But we have limited troops. Let's evaluate each:

- Coimbra: 1 spearman, defense 3. We can send 4 spearman from Santarem. Attack 4 vs defense 3. We win. Losses? Probably small. After capture, Coimbra becomes ours. It will produce resources and we can build there later. Also, it gives us a connection to Porto, Salamanca, etc.

- Badajoz: 2 knights, defense 5. We can attack from Santarem. We have 4 spearman in Santarem. Spearman vs knights: spearman counters knight? The counter triangle: spearman counters knight, so if we attack with spearman against knights, we get a 1.5 multiplier? The rule: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So if we attack with spearman and the defender has knights, our attack is multiplied by 1.5. So 4 spearman attack = 4 * 1.5 = 6 effective attack. vs defense 5, we win. But wait: the defender is in a village? The effective defense given is 5, which includes location bonus. So our effective attack 6 > 5, we win. But we must also consider that the defender might have other troops? The garrison is 2 knights, so only knights. So we win. But we might take losses. Also, after winning, we capture Badajoz. However, Badajoz is connected to many places.

- Faro: 2 knights, defense 5. We can attack from Evora with 4 archer. Archer vs knight: knight counters archer? Actually, knight counters archer, so archer does not counter knight; knight counters archer. So if we attack with archer against knights, we do not get a counter bonus; in fact, the knight might get a counter bonus against us? The rule: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So for the attacker, our most numerous type is archer (4). For the defender, their most numerous type is knight (2). The matchup: archer vs knight? The counter triangle says knight counters archer. So the defender gets a counter bonus? The rule says: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counts knight; archer counts spearman; knight counts archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't specify whether it applies to attacker or defender. It says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So if your troop type counters the opponent's troop type, your force is multiplied. But which force? It says "your force", so it applies to the side that has the counter. So if we attack with archer and defender has knight, the knight counters archer, so the defender's force is multiplied? Or does the attacker's force get multiplied if they have the counter? The wording: "spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counts archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So if you have spearman and the enemy has knight, your spearman count as more. So it's an attack bonus. But what about defense? The defense values are given as effective defense, which already include location bonus. Does the counter bonus apply to defense as well? The rule says: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs." Then it mentions counter triangle. So it seems the counter bonus applies to the attack roll? Actually, it says: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup... Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So it's likely that the attacker's force is multiplied if they have the counter, and the defender's force is multiplied if they have the counter? But the rule doesn't specify. In many games, the counter bonus applies to the attack of the unit that has the advantage. Since it says "your force", it might be from the perspective of the unit. So if a spearman attacks a knight, the spearman's attack is multiplied. If a knight attacks an archer, the knight's attack is multiplied. If an archer attacks a spearman, the archer's attack is multiplied. So it's an attack bonus. For defense, the defender's defense is not multiplied by counter? The rule says: "Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital)." That's a location bonus. The effective defense given already includes that. So counter bonus likely only applies to attack. So if we attack with archer against knight, we do not get a counter bonus; the knight might get a counter bonus if they were attacking, but they are defending. So our archer attack would be just 2 each, total 8, vs defense 5? Actually, archer attack 2, so 4 archers = 8 attack. vs defense 5, we win without counter. But wait, the defender has knights, which have defense 2. But the effective defense is 5, which includes location bonus. So our attack 8 > 5, we win. But we must consider that the defender's troop type might affect the counter? Since we are attacking, we only care about our attack and their defense. The counter bonus might apply to our attack if we have the counter. But here, archer does not counter knight; knight counters archer. So we don't get the bonus. So our attack is just 8. That's fine.

But we also have the option to send knights from Lisboa to attack Badajoz or Faro? Knights are fast, but they are in Lisboa. To attack Badajoz from Lisboa, the path would be Lisboa -> Santarem -> Badajoz. That's 2 turns? Or we could send them from Lisboa to Santarem first, then next turn from Santarem to Badajoz. But we can order direct: from Lisboa to Badajoz. The army would march along roads: Lisboa to Santarem (ours), then Santarem to Badajoz. Since Santarem is ours, they pass through. The travel time: we don't know Lisboa-Santarem distance, but likely 1 turn. So total 2 turns. They would arrive at the end of turn 3? Actually, if we order now, they start moving. They will take some number of turns. The report doesn't give the march time from Lisboa. But we can estimate. Since we need to decide orders now, we might want to use the troops we have in position.

We also have 3 knights in Lisboa. We could send them to reinforce Santarem or Evora, or we could keep them in Lisboa for defense. But since no enemy is visible, maybe we should send them to attack.

Let's consider building this turn. Lisboa has 30 wood, 40 iron. We can build:
- Option A: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> we get 1 more knight, total 4 knights in Lisboa. Then we have 0 wood, 10 iron.
- Option B: 2 spearman (30 wood) -> we get 2 more spearman, total 5 spearman in Lisboa (but we already have 2 available? Actually, we have 2 spearman available to send now, and 6 at home? Wait, the report says: "TOTAL: 13 soldiers at home (6 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight) + 0 marching". Then for each village: Lisboa: troops at home: 5 / 300, available to send now: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight. That means Lisboa has 5 troops at home? But available to send: 2 spearman, 3 knight = 5 troops. So Lisboa has 5 troops total: 2 spearman and 3 knight. But the total says 6 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight. So Santarem has 4 spearman? Actually, Santarem: available to send now: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. So Santarem has 4 spearman. Evora: available: 0 spearman, 4 archer, 0 knight. So Evora has 4 archer. Total: 2+4=6 spearman? Lisboa has 2 spearman, Santarem has 4 spearman = 6 spearman. Archers: Lisboa 0, Evora 4 = 4 archer. Knights: Lisboa 3, others 0 = 3 knight. So that matches. So Lisboa currently has 2 spearman and 3 knight. If we build 2 spearman, we would have 4 spearman and 3 knight in Lisboa. If we build 1 knight, we have 2 spearman and 4 knight.

We need to decide what to build based on what we want to attack. If we want to attack Badajoz (2 knights, defense 5), we could use spearman from Santarem (4 spearman) with counter bonus: 4 * 1.5 = 6 attack vs 5 defense, win. Or we could use knights from Lisboa: if we send 3 knights from Lisboa, they would take 2 turns to arrive. But if we build another knight now, we could send 4 knights? But they would be in Lisboa, and we could send them to Santarem to reinforce, then next turn attack? Or we could send them directly to Badajoz. Let's check travel time: from Lisboa to Badajoz: path Lisboa->Santarem->Badajoz. The march from Santarem to Badajoz is 1 turn. What about Lisboa to Santarem? Not given. But we can infer from the road network: Lisboa is connected to Santarem and Evora. The distances might be similar. Since the report doesn't specify, we might assume it's also 1 turn. So total 2 turns. If we send knights now, they would arrive at the end of turn 3? Actually, if we order on turn 2, they march during turn 2 and arrive at the beginning of turn 3? The rules: "Marching takes turns, and during those turns the enemy keeps building and moving." So if it takes 2 turns, they would arrive on turn 4? Let's clarify: In these types of games, when you order a movement, the troops leave and after the travel time they arrive. If travel time is 1 turn, they arrive at the next turn. If 2 turns, they arrive in two turns. So if we order on turn 2, and travel time is 1, they arrive on turn 3. If travel time is 2, they arrive on turn 4. Since we don't know Lisboa-Santarem time, we should be cautious.

Maybe we should focus on attacks that can be done in 1 turn from our existing villages. We have Santarem and Evora adjacent to neutrals. We can attack Coimbra from Santarem (1 turn), Badajoz from Santarem (1 turn), Faro from Evora (1 turn). We can also attack multiple in the same turn by sending different armies.

But we have limited troops. If we send all 4 spearman from Santarem to Coimbra, we leave Santarem with 0 troops. Is that safe? Santarem is ours, but if an enemy attacks it, we would have no defense. However, we don't see any enemy armies. Also, the enemy might be far. But we should leave some defense. We could leave some troops in Santarem. We have 4 spearman there. We could send 2 to Coimbra and keep 2. But then our attack force is weaker. Coimbra has defense 3. If we send 2 spearman, attack 2 vs defense 3, we lose. So we need enough to win. We could send archers? But we have no archers in Santarem. We could send knights from Lisboa to Santarem to reinforce, but that takes time.

Alternatively, we could attack Badajoz with 4 spearman from Santarem, using counter bonus to win. But Badajoz has defense 5, so 4 spearman with counter = 6 attack, win. But we might take losses. After winning, we capture Badajoz, which is a larger village? It might have better resources. But we don't know its production yet.

We could also attack Faro from Evora with 4 archers. Attack 8 vs defense 5, win. But archers vs knights: no counter, but we still win. However, we might want to save archers for something else.

We could also do both: send 4 spearman from Santarem to Coimbra, and 4 archers from Evora to Faro. That would capture two villages in one turn. But then Santarem and Evora would be left with 0 troops. Lisboa has 2 spearman and 3 knight, which could be used to reinforce, but they are not adjacent to Santarem or Evora? Actually, Lisboa is connected to both. So we could send troops from Lisboa to Santarem and Evora to reinforce them after we send the attacks. But if we send attacks from Santarem and Evora, those villages will be empty. If we then send troops from Lisboa to Santarem, they will take some time to arrive. Meanwhile, if an enemy attacks Santarem, it would fall. But we don't see any enemy. So maybe it's okay.

But we also need to consider that we might want to build this turn. If we send all troops, we might not have enough to build? Building is separate: we can build in Lisboa regardless of sending troops. We can build and also send existing troops. So we can do both.

Let's think about the order of actions. We can issue build orders and movement orders. The build will produce troops at the end of the turn? Or at the beginning? Typically, builds take 1 turn, so if we order a build now, the troops will be available next turn. So they can be sent next turn.

So for this turn, we can build in Lisboa, and send existing troops to attack.

What should we build? If we plan to attack with knights later, we might want to build knights. But knights are expensive. We have 40 iron. We could build 1 knight, using 30 wood, 30 iron. That leaves 0 wood, 10 iron. Or we could build 2 spearman, using 30 wood, leaving 0 wood, 40 iron. Spearman are cheaper and we can use them to counter knights. Since we have many spearman already, maybe we should diversify. We have 6 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight. That's a balanced army. But we might want more knights because they are powerful and fast. However, they cost iron, which we need for archers later? Archers cost iron too. We need to consider long-term.

We also need to think about the enemy capital. It's the hardest target, but we don't need to take it to win. We just need 18 villages. So we should focus on capturing neutral villages to increase our count.

Let's list all villages and their status:
Ours: Lisboa (0), Santarem (1), Evora (2).
Neutral visible: Coimbra (3), Badajoz (4), Faro (5).
Unexplored: 18 villages. Some may be enemy, some neutral. The enemy capital is Barcelona (22). There is an enemy somewhere.

We need to expand. The road network shows connections. From Coimbra, we can reach Porto (6), Salamanca (7). From Badajoz, we can reach Toledo (8), Sevilha (9), etc. So capturing Coimbra, Badajoz, Faro will open up more areas.

We should try to capture as many as possible. But we have limited troops. Let's calculate the force we can send to each:

Attack Coimbra:
- From Santarem: we have 4 spearman. Attack = 4. vs defense 3. We win. But we need to consider losses. If we send all 4, we might lose some. How many? In the previous turn, we attacked Santarem and lost 1 troop. We don't know the exact numbers, but we can assume that if we attack with a force larger than defense, we win with some losses. Possibly losses are equal to the defender's effective force? But the defender's effective force is their attack? The garrison is 1 spearman, which has attack 1. So maybe we lose 1 troop? That would be acceptable. So we could send 4 spearman, expect to lose maybe 1, and capture Coimbra. After capture, the surviving troops become the garrison? Or do they return to Santarem? The rules don't specify. In many games, the army stays at the captured village. We can assume they become the new garrison. So Santarem would be left with 0 troops.

Attack Badajoz:
- From Santarem: 4 spearman. With counter bonus (spearman vs knight), attack = 4 * 1.5 = 6. vs defense 5. Win. Losses? The garrison is 2 knights, attack 4 each? But they are defending, so their attack doesn't matter for defense, but for attrition, the loser's effective force is their attack? The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So the loser's effective force is probably their attack power. For 2 knights, attack = 2 * 4 = 8. So we might take losses up to 8? That seems high. But last turn we attacked Santarem and lost only 1 troop. So maybe the attrition is not that severe. Perhaps the effective force for attrition is the loser's attack multiplied by some factor? Or maybe it's the difference? Without clear rules, we have to guess. Since the previous turn we lost only 1 troop when attacking, maybe the losses are small if we have a large advantage. In the case of Badajoz, our effective attack is 6, their defense is 5, so we have a slight advantage. We might lose a few troops. But if we send 4 spearman and lose, say, 2, we'd have 2 left to garrison. That might be okay.

Attack Faro:
- From Evora: 4 archer. Attack = 8. vs defense 5. Win. Losses? The garrison is 2 knights, attack 8. So their attack is 8. Our attack is 8, so it's a tie? But the rule says a tie favors the defender. So if our attack is 8 and their defense is 5, it's not a tie; we have higher attack. But for attrition, the loser's effective force is their attack? If we win, the loser is the defender, so their effective force for attrition might be their attack? That would be 8. So we might lose 8 troops? But we only have 4 archers, so we'd be wiped out? That can't be right. So the attrition must be calculated differently. Perhaps the effective force for attrition is the difference? Or maybe it's a proportion. Let's re-read the combat rules carefully:

"COMBAT RULES
Each troop type has its own ATTACK and DEFENSE values (they are not equal):
  spearman: attack 1, defense 2, speed slow (costs 15 wood + 0 iron).
  archer: attack 2, defense 2, speed medium (costs 20 wood + 10 iron).
  knight: attack 4, defense 2, speed fast (costs 30 wood + 30 iron).
When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs.
Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5.
The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight).
Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital). In the open field (on a road) there is no bonus.
The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER.
The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force).
The "effective defense" values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again."

So, when attacking a village, the attacker's effective force is their total attack (with counter bonus if applicable). The defender's effective force is their total defense (with location bonus already included). The side with higher effective force wins. If tie, defender wins. The winner takes losses equal to the loser's effective force? That's what it says: "attrition against the loser's effective force". That implies the winner's force is reduced by the loser's effective force. But if the loser's effective force is higher than the winner's force, the winner would be destroyed, which contradicts winning. So it must be that the winner loses a number of troops equal to the loser's effective force divided by something, or maybe it's the loser's effective force minus the winner's? Actually, it says "against the loser's effective force", which might mean the winner's troops are matched against the loser's force, so they suffer losses proportionally. In many games, combat is resolved by comparing forces, and losses are based on the ratio. Since it's not specified, we need to infer from the previous turn's losses.

Last turn, we attacked Santarem and Evora. We don't know what we sent or what the defenses were. But we lost 1 troop in Santarem and 0 in Evora. That suggests that if we attack with a much larger force, we can take minimal losses. So we should aim to have a large advantage.

For Coimbra: defense 3. If we send 4 spearman, attack 4. Effective force: attacker 4, defender 3. Difference 1. We win, but we might lose some troops. If we send more, we could reduce losses. But we only have 4 spearman there. We could send knights from Lisboa, but they are not there.

For Badajoz: defense 5. If we send 4 spearman with counter, attack 6. Difference 1. Similar.

For Faro: defense 5. If we send 4 archer, attack 8. Difference 3. Better advantage, so likely fewer losses.

So Faro might be a better target because we have a larger advantage. But we also have the option to send knights from Lisboa to reinforce Santarem before attacking, but that takes time.

Maybe we should do a two-pronged attack: send 4 archers from Evora to Faro, and send 4 spearman from Santarem to Coimbra. Both are 1 turn away. We can also build in Lisboa.

But what about defense? If we empty Santarem and Evora, they are vulnerable. However, the enemy is not adjacent to them currently. The nearest enemy is probably in the unexplored areas. Looking at the road network, our villages are in the west. The enemy capital is Barcelona in the east. There are many neutral villages in between. It's likely the enemy is in the east. So our western villages might be safe for now.

We could also send some troops from Lisboa to Santarem to reinforce after the attack? But if we send them now, they will march and arrive after the attack? Actually, if we send them from Lisboa to Santarem, they will take some time. If we also send from Santarem to Coimbra on the same turn, the troops in Santarem might leave before the reinforcements arrive? The orders are simultaneous. So if we order Santarem to send troops to Coimbra, and Lisboa to send troops to Santarem, both happen at the same time. The troops from Lisboa will start marching to Santarem, while the troops from Sant
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
########## TURNO 2 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 2702 | resposta 23370 | raciocinio 21454 | finish stop | ms 287061
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\n      \"villageId\": 22,\n      \"type\": \"spearman\",\n      \"quantity\": 2\n    }\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\n      \"fromId\": 21,\n      \"toId\": 18,\n      \"troops\": {\n        \"spearman\": 1,\n        \"archer\": 2,\n        \"knight\": 0\n      }\n    },\n    {\n      \"fromId\": 21,\n      \"toId\": 17,\n      \"troops\": {\n        \"spearman\": 4,\n        \"archer\": 2,\n        \"knight\": 0\n      }\n    }\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"This turn, build 2 spearman at Barcelona and keep the garrison there. Split Tarragona's army: send a small archer-led force to Castellon (using the counter bonus) and a spearman-led force to Zaragoza (also with counter). Leave the 3 knights at Tarragona as a reserve. Next turn, use Barcelona's reinforced 4 spearman to take Girona, while the newly captured Castellon and Zaragoza launch attacks into Valencia, Teruel, and Madrid. Continue building troops to reach 18 villages.\",\n  \"statement\": \"I have ordered a coordinated strike. Tarragona's troops are splitting to capture Castellon and Zaragoza, exploiting the counter triangle to minimize losses. Barcelona is building spearman for the assault on Girona, and my knights remain at Tarragona as a rapid reaction force. This expansion will bring me to five villages by next turn.\"\n}"
raciocinio: We need to produce a JSON object with fields: build, movements, plan, statement.

Current state: Turn 2. We are King B. We have two villages: Barcelona (22) and Tarragona (21). We just conquered Tarragona last turn. We have 14 soldiers total: 7 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight. At Barcelona: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. At Tarragona: 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight.

Resources: Barcelona: wood 30, iron 40 (per turn production: +30 wood, +20 iron). Tarragona: wood 0, iron 0 (but it will produce starting next turn? The report says "wood 0 (+30/turn) | iron 0 (+20/turn)" meaning it currently has 0 stock but produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn. So next turn it will have resources to build.

We can see three neutral villages: Girona (23) with 1 spearman, defense 3; Castellon (18) with 1 spearman, defense 3; Zaragoza (17) with 2 knights, defense 5.

Road network: Tarragona (21) connects to Zaragoza (17) and Castellon (18) and Barcelona (22). Barcelona connects to Girona (23) and Tarragona.

We need to hold 18 of 24 villages for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. Currently hold 2. Enemy capital is Lisboa (0). We don't need to take it to win.

We need to expand. Our immediate options: attack Girona from Barcelona, attack Castellon or Zaragoza from Tarragona. All are 1 turn away for any speed (since march times: 1 slow/medium/fast turn). So we can reach them next turn.

We should decide which to attack first. Girona is 1 spearman, defense 3. Castellon same. Zaragoza has 2 knights, defense 5. We have troops: at Tarragona we have 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight. Attack power if all sent: 25 (but that's total attack? Actually the attack power is sum of attack values? Spearman attack 1, archer 2, knight 4. So 5*1 + 4*2 + 3*4 = 5+8+12=25. Defense of Zaragoza is 5 (effective defense including location bonus). But we need to consider counter triangle. The most numerous type sets the counter matchup. If we send all from Tarragona, most numerous is spearman (5). So our army is spearman-heavy. Against knights? Spearman counters knight? Wait: "spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer." So spearman vs knight: spearman counters knight, so we get 1.5x multiplier. Our effective force = 25 * 1.5 = 37.5. Defender effective force = 5 (since defense is already effective). We win easily. But we also need to consider losses: winner takes losses against loser's effective force. So we will lose some troops. But it's worth it to capture a village.

Alternatively, attack Girona from Barcelona: we have 2 spearman there. Attack power = 2. Defense 3. Most numerous spearman. Against spearman? Archer counters spearman, but defender is spearman, so we are spearman vs spearman: no counter bonus (only if we had archer as most numerous). So effective force = 2, defender 3, we lose. So we cannot take Girona with only 2 spearman. We need to send reinforcements from Tarragona to Barcelona, then attack Girona. Or send troops from Tarragona directly to Girona? But movement: we can send from Tarragona to Girona? Road: Tarragona connects to Barcelona and Zaragoza and Castellon. Girona connects to Barcelona and Huesca. So to get from Tarragona to Girona, we must go through Barcelona (since Tarragona-Barcelona-Girona). But we can send troops from Tarragona to Barcelona (reinforce) and then from Barcelona to Girona next turn? Or we can send from Tarragona directly to Girona? The rules: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So if we send from Tarragona to Girona, the path is Tarragona -> Barcelona (ours) -> Girona. Since Barcelona is ours, the army would pass through and continue to Girona? The rule: "You cannot march past an enemy or neutral village to hit one behind it." Barcelona is ours, so we can march past it. But does the army stop at Barcelona? "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours" - Barcelona is ours, so it doesn't stop. So we could send from Tarragona directly to Girona, and it would go through Barcelona and arrive at Girona. Travel time: from Tarragona to Girona: Tarragona to Barcelona is 1 turn (any speed), Barcelona to Girona is 1 turn. So total 2 turns? But the report says march from Barcelona to Girona is 1 turn. So from Tarragona to Girona would be 2 turns. However, we could also send from Barcelona to Girona in 1 turn. But we only have 2 spearman at Barcelona. So we need to reinforce Barcelona first.

Better: send troops from Tarragona to Zaragoza or Castellon, which are 1 turn away, to capture them quickly. Then we can use those villages to produce resources and build more troops.

Let's consider capturing Zaragoza (17) which has 2 knights. If we capture it, we get a village that produces resources and can build troops. Its defense is 5, but we can overwhelm it. However, we need to consider that after we capture it, the enemy might attack it? But we don't know enemy positions.

Alternatively, capture Castellon (18) which is also 1 spearman, defense 3. Easier to capture with fewer troops. But we want to expand quickly.

We should also consider building troops. At Tarragona, we have 0 wood, 0 iron. So we cannot build anything this turn unless we send resources? No, resources are per village. Tarragona has 0 stock, so it cannot build this turn. Barcelona has 30 wood, 40 iron. It can build something. What can it build? spearman costs 15 wood, 0 iron. archer: 20 wood, 10 iron. knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. Barcelona has 30 wood, 40 iron. It can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). But it already has 2 spearman at home. Cap is 300, so it can build more. We should build to increase army. Since we want to attack Girona soon, we might need archers or knights? Girona has spearman. To counter spearman, we need archers (archer counters spearman). So building archers would be useful. But we also need to consider that we can send troops from Tarragona to Barcelona to join the attack on Girona.

Let's plan: This turn, we will:
- Build at Barcelona: maybe 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron) to have some counter. Or build 2 spearman to reinforce. But we need to attack Girona, which is defended by spearman. If we send spearman, they are countered by defender's spearman? Actually, if we send a mixed army, the most numerous type sets the counter. If we send mostly spearman, we are spearman vs spearman: no counter bonus (since archer counters spearman, but we don't have archers as most numerous). So we want to send archers to counter their spearman. So building archers is good.
- Send troops from Tarragona to Castellon or Zaragoza? Which one? Let's see the map: Castellon (18) connects to Valencia (16), Teruel (13), Tarragona (21). Zaragoza (17) connects to Madrid (12), Teruel (13), Huesca (20), Pamplona (19), Tarragona (21). Capturing Zaragoza gives us a central hub that connects to many unexplored areas. But it has 2 knights, defense 5. We can send all troops from Tarragona: 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight. That's a strong force. But we will take losses. Let's calculate battle:

Attackers (from Tarragona): 5 spearman (attack 1 each), 4 archer (attack 2), 3 knight (attack 4). Total attack = 5 + 8 + 12 = 25.
Most numerous: spearman (5). So counter matchup: spearman vs knight? Wait, defender at Zaragoza has 2 knights. So defender's most numerous is knight. Spearman counters knight, so we get 1.5x multiplier. Effective attack = 25 * 1.5 = 37.5.
Defender: 2 knights, defense 2 each, but effective defense given as 5 (including location bonus). So defender effective force = 5.
We win. Losses: we take losses against defender's effective force? The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So our losses are proportional to defender's effective force? Actually, it says "attrition against the loser's effective force". Typically, the winner loses some troops equal to the loser's effective force divided by something? Not specified exactly. But we can expect to lose some troops. Since defender's effective force is 5, we might lose a few troops. But we will capture the village.

If we attack Castellon: defender 1 spearman, defense 3. Our most numerous spearman. Spearman vs spearman: no counter. Effective attack = 25. Defender = 3. We win with fewer losses.

Which is better? Capturing Zaragoza gives us a village that can produce resources and connect to more areas. But we need to hold 18 villages. We should expand as fast as possible. Also, we need to consider that neutral villages harden over time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop. So we want to capture them early.

We also have Girona nearby, but we don't have enough troops there yet.

Let's consider sending troops from Tarragona to Zaragoza, and from Barcelona to Girona? But Barcelona only has 2 spearman, not enough. So we could send reinforcements from Tarragona to Barcelona, then next turn attack Girona. But that would delay capturing Zaragoza.

Alternatively, we could send all troops from Tarragona to Castellon (easier) and then use Castellon to attack further. Or split: send some to Castellon, some to Barcelona to reinforce for Girona.

We need to decide on a campaign plan. The plan from last turn said: "Capture Tarragona (21) with my full army now, then Girona (23) next turn. Build spearman continuously to grow my forces. After securing the coast, push inland toward Zaragoza (17) and Madrid (12) to claim neutral villages and expand my territory."

But we already captured Tarragona last turn. So now we have Tarragona. The plan says then Girona next turn. So we should attack Girona. But to attack Girona, we need to get troops there. Currently Barcelona has only 2 spearman. We could send troops from Tarragona to Barcelona (reinforce), and then from Barcelona to Girona? But that would take two turns: one to move to Barcelona, one to move to Girona. Or we could send from Tarragona directly to Girona, but that takes 2 turns (Tarragona->Barcelona->Girona). So either way, Girona won't be captured until turn 4 at earliest. Meanwhile, we could capture Castellon or Zaragoza in 1 turn from Tarragona.

Maybe we should adjust plan: capture Castellon and Zaragoza first, then Girona. Or capture Zaragoza, then use it to attack Madrid, etc.

Let's think about winning condition: hold 18 villages. We have 2. We need 16 more. There are 24 total. Enemy has capital Lisboa and likely other villages. We need to conquer many. We should expand in all directions.

We have limited troops. We need to build more. Barcelona can build this turn. Tarragona cannot build because no resources. But next turn Tarragona will have 30 wood, 20 iron, so it can build.

Let's decide on this turn's orders:

Option A: Build at Barcelona: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearman (30 wood). Since we want to attack Girona which has spearman, archers are good. But we also need troops to attack elsewhere. Let's build 1 archer at Barcelona, so it has 2 spearman, 1 archer. Then send all from Barcelona to Girona? That would be 2 spearman, 1 archer. Attack power: 2*1 + 1*2 = 4. Most numerous spearman (2). Defender: 1 spearman, defense 3. Spearman vs spearman: no counter. Effective attack = 4, defense 3. We win, but we might lose troops. Actually, effective attack 4 > 3, we win. Losses: we take losses against defender's effective force (3). So we might lose some. But we capture Girona.

But we also have Tarragona with 12 troops. We could send them to Castellon or Zaragoza. If we send them to Castellon, we capture it easily. Then we have 3 villages. Next turn, we can build more.

Option B: Send all from Tarragona to Zaragoza, and build at Barcelona something, and maybe send Barcelona's troops to Girona? But Barcelona to Girona is 1 turn, so they would arrive next turn. Tarragona to Zaragoza is 1 turn, arrive next turn. So we could capture both Zaragoza and Girona next turn simultaneously. That seems good.

Let's check if we can send from Tarragona to Zaragoza and from Barcelona to Girona. Yes, simultaneous moves.

But we need to consider that after capturing Zaragoza, we might need to leave some troops there to defend? Actually, when we attack and capture, our troops that marched there will be at the village after battle. They can stay as garrison or be sent further next turn.

Let's calculate battle for Zaragoza with all Tarragona troops: 5 spear, 4 arch, 3 knight. We already determined we win. Losses: defender effective force 5. Our total troops 12. We might lose a few. But we will capture it.

For Girona: send from Barcelona: currently 2 spearman. If we build 1 archer, we send 2 spear, 1 arch. Attack 4, defense 3. We win, but we might lose some. Actually, with 2 spear, 1 arch, most numerous spearman (2). No counter. Effective attack = 2*1 + 1*2 = 4. Defender defense 3. We win. Losses: we take losses against defender's effective force 3. So we might lose 1 or 2 troops. But we capture Girona.

Alternatively, we could send reinforcements from Tarragona to Barcelona to make Girona attack stronger. But if we send from Tarragona to Barcelona, they won't arrive until next turn (1 turn). Then from Barcelona to Girona would be another turn. So Girona would be captured on turn 4. Meanwhile, Zaragoza captured on turn 3. That might be okay, but we want to expand faster.

We could also send from Tarragona directly to Girona? That takes 2 turns (Tarragona->Barcelona->Girona). They would arrive on turn 4. Not better.

What if we send from Tarragona to Castellon (1 turn) and from Barcelona to Girona (1 turn)? Castellon is easier. Then we have Tarragona's troops capture Castellon, and Barcelona's troops capture Girona. Both next turn. Then we have 4 villages. That seems good.

But Zaragoza is more valuable because it's a larger town? Actually, all villages are equal in production (30 wood, 20 iron) except capital? The report says "Each village you hold produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn." So all villages are same. So capturing any village is good. Zaragoza has 2 knights now, which will become our troops after capture? Actually, when you capture a village, the garrison becomes yours? The rules: when you attack and win, you capture the village. The troops that were there are presumably destroyed or absorbed? Typically in these games, the defender's troops are lost, and you get the village with no troops? The report doesn't specify. But we can assume the village is captured and we can then build troops there. The existing garrison is wiped out. So we don't get the 2 knights.

So capturing Zaragoza gives us a village but we lose the troops we sent. It's still worth it for the production.

But we need to consider resources: Tarragona has 0 wood, 0 iron. So the troops we send from there are already built. We won't rebuild them until we have resources. Barcelona has resources to build. So we should build this turn.

Let's decide: I'll go with capturing both Girona and Castellon next turn. Send from Barcelona to Girona (with whatever we have, maybe build archer first). Send from Tarragona to Castellon (all troops). That way we get two new villages on turn 3.

But wait: Tarragona to Castellon: march time: 1 slow/medium/fast turn. So they arrive next turn. Barcelona to Girona: also 1 turn. So both arrive simultaneously on turn 3.

What about Zaragoza? We could instead send Tarragona to Zaragoza. Which is better? Castellon is weaker, so we lose fewer troops. Zaragoza is stronger but gives us a central position. But we can capture Castellon first, then from Castellon attack Valencia or Teruel, etc. Let's look at map: Castellon (18) connects to Valencia (16), Teruel (13), Tarragona (21). Zaragoza (17) connects to Madrid (12), Teruel (13), Huesca (20), Pamplona (19), Tarragona (21). If we take Castellon, we can then go to Valencia (16) or Teruel (13). If we take Zaragoza, we can go to Madrid, Teruel, Huesca, Pamplona. Zaragoza is more central. But it has 2 knights, defense 5. Our force from Tarragona is 12 troops. We can definitely take it, but we might lose more troops. Let's calculate expected losses.

The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." It doesn't give an exact formula, but typically in these games, the winner loses troops equal to the loser's effective force divided by something? Actually, the problem statement says: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER. The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So we need to know how many troops we lose. It might be that we lose a number of troops equal to the loser's effective force? But effective force is a single number, while our army has multiple types. Possibly we lose troops proportional to the enemy's force? Without exact formula, we must assume we will lose some troops but not all. Since the enemy effective force is 5 for Zaragoza, we might lose around 5 worth of troops? But our troops have different values. The game might subtract from our army randomly or by type. We should be cautious.

If we attack Castellon: defense 3. We lose fewer.

Given that we need to hold 18 villages, we need to expand quickly and preserve troops. So taking weaker villages first might be better. Also, we can build more troops at Barcelona and next turn at Tarragona (which will have resources). So we can replenish.

Let's also consider that we can send troops from Barcelona to Girona, but we only have 2 spearman. If we build 1 archer, we have 2 spear, 1 arch. That's attack 4. Against Girona defense 3, we win but might lose 1 troop. That's okay.

But maybe we should build 2 spearman at Barcelona instead of 1 archer, because spearman are cheaper and we can have more bodies. But archer gives counter bonus against spearman if we have more archers? Actually, if we send 2 spear and 1 arch, most numerous is spearman, so no counter. If we send 4 spearman, most numerous spearman, same. So building archer doesn't give counter advantage unless we have more archers than spearman. So maybe we should just build spearman to have more total attack. 2 spearman cost 30 wood, attack 2 total. 1 archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron, attack 2. So they give same attack, but archer costs iron. Since Barcelona has plenty of iron (40), we can afford archers. But archers have defense 2, same as spearman. They are more expensive though. For now, building spearman might be better to save iron for later. But we need to consider that we might want archers to counter enemy spearman. If we attack Girona which has spearman, we want archers to be the most numerous to get the counter bonus. So if we can send an army with more archers than spearman, we get 1.5x. Currently at Barcelona we have 2 spearman. If we build 3 archers, we would have 2 spear, 3 arch, most numerous archer, so archer vs spearman: archer counters spearman, so we get 1.5x. Attack: 2*1 + 3*2 = 2+6=8. Effective = 8*1.5=12. Defense 3. Overwhelming. But building 3 archers costs 60 wood, 30 iron. Barcelona has 30 wood, 40 iron. It can only build 1 archer this turn (20 wood, 10 iron). Next turn it can build more. So we can't get 3 archers now.

Alternatively, we could send troops from Tarragona to Barcelona to reinforce, then attack Girona with a larger force. Tarragona has 4 archers, 3 knights, 5 spearman. If we send, say, the 4 archers and some spearman to Barcelona, they would march 1 turn, arrive at Barcelona, then next turn we could attack Girona with a force that has many archers. But that delays Girona capture to turn 4. Meanwhile, we could have Tarragona's remaining troops attack Castellon or Zaragoza on turn 3.

Let's think about a multi-turn plan:

Turn 2 (this turn):
- Build at Barcelona: 1 archer (so it has 2 spear, 1 arch).
- Send from Barcelona to Girona: 2 spearman, 1 archer? Or maybe just send the 2 spearman and leave the archer? We want to capture Girona. With 2 spear, 1 arch, attack 4, defense 3, we win but might lose a troop. If we send only 2 spear, attack 2, defense 3, we lose. So we need the archer to win. So send all 3.
- Send from Tarragona to Castellon: all 12 troops? Or maybe leave some to defend Tarragona? Tarragona has no enemy border currently, but we might be attacked? The report says "INTERIOR (no enemy border)" for both our villages. So they are safe from immediate attack. We can send all troops.
- Then next turn, we capture Girona and Castellon. We'll have 4 villages. At Girona, we'll have whatever survives. At Castellon, we'll have whatever survives from Tarragona.
- Then we can build at Barcelona and Tarragona (now they have resources). We can also build at the new villages? They will produce resources starting the turn after capture? The report says "Each village you hold produces resources every turn". So if we capture on turn 3, on turn 3 they produce? Actually, the turn we capture, do they produce that turn? Typically, production happens at the start of the turn? The report says "Each village you hold produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn." It might be that at the beginning of the turn, you get resources from all villages you hold. So if we capture a village on turn 3, we might not get its production until turn 4. But we can still use it to build on turn 4? Actually, building takes 1 turn, and you pay resources from that village's stock. If it has 0 stock on turn 3, it can't build on turn 3. But on turn 4 it will have 30 wood, 20 iron, so it can build.

So after capturing, we need to start building there.

Now, what about Zaragoza? It's left neutral. We can capture it later from Castellon or from Tarragona after we have more troops.

But wait: if we send all troops from Tarragona to Castellon, Tarragona will be empty. Is that a risk? The enemy might attack Tarragona? But we don't see any enemy armies. The enemy is far away (Lisboa). They might not reach us quickly. Also, the map shows Tarragona as interior, no enemy border. So it's safe for now.

Alternatively, we could send only part of Tarragona's troops to Castellon, and send the rest to Zaragoza? But we can only send one army per village per turn? The rules: "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." You can issue multiple movement orders from different villages. You can't split an army from one village into multiple groups? The movement order format: {"fromId": ..., "toId": ..., "troops": {"spearman": n, "archer": n, "knight": n}}. It seems you can send any number of troops from a village, but you can only send one movement order per village per turn? The example doesn't specify, but typically you can send one army from each village. You could send part of the garrison. So we could send, say, 5 spearman from Tarragona to Castellon, and keep the rest at Tarragona. But then we might not have enough to take Zaragoza later.

Let's think about the bigger picture. We need 18 villages. There are 24 total. The enemy capital is Lisboa. They likely have several villages around it. We need to conquer many. Our starting area is the northeast (Barcelona, Tarragona). We should expand south and west. The road network shows connections: from Tarragona, we can go to Zaragoza (17) and Castellon (18). From Zaragoza, we can go to Madrid (12), Teruel (13), Huesca (20), Pamplona (19). From Castellon, to Valencia (16), Teruel (13). From Girona (23), to Huesca (20) and Pamplona (19) via roads? Actually Girona connects to Huesca (20) and Barcelona (22). So Girona gives access to Huesca, which connects to Pamplona and Zaragoza. So capturing Girona opens a northern route.

We should try to capture multiple villages simultaneously to expand quickly.

I think a good plan is:
- This turn: build at Barcelona to increase troops. Send Barcelona's troops to Girona to capture it (with whatever we have, maybe just the 2 spearman if we don't build, but we need to win). Actually, if we send 2 spearman, attack 2 vs defense 3, we lose. So we must send more. We could send reinforcements from Tarragona to Barcelona, but that takes a turn. So we cannot capture Girona this turn unless we send from Barcelona with enough troops. Currently Barcelona has only 2 spearman. So we cannot capture Girona next turn without reinforcements. Therefore, we should either:
  a) Send reinforcements from Tarragona to Barcelona now, then next turn send from Barcelona to Girona. That means Girona captured on turn 4.
  b) Send from Barcelona to Girona with only 2 spearman and hope? No, we lose.
  c) Send from Tarragona directly to Girona? That takes 2 turns, so captured on turn 4 as well.
So Girona cannot be captured before turn 4 unless we get troops to Barcelona this turn. So we might as well use this turn to reinforce Barcelona and capture another village with Tarragona's troops.

So plan: Send part of Tarragona's troops to Barcelona to reinforce. Then next turn, Barcelona can attack Girona with a larger force. Meanwhile, send the rest of Tarragona's troops to attack Castellon or Zaragoza.

Let's decide how many to send to Barcelona. We want Barcelona to have enough to capture Girona next turn. Girona defense is 3. If we send, say, 3 spearman from Tarragona to Barcelona, then Barcelona would have 5 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight (if we don't build). Attack 5, defense 3, win. But we might want archers for counter. If we build 1 archer at Barcelona this turn, then after reinforcements arrive, Barcelona could have 5 spear, 1 arch. Most numerous spearman, no counter. Attack 5+2=7, defense 3, easy win. Or we could send archers from Tarragona to Barcelona to make archers the majority. Tarragona has 4 archers. If we send all 4 archers to Barcelona, and maybe some spearman, then Barcelona could have many archers. But we also want to capture Castellon/Zaragoza with the remaining troops.

Let's consider sending all of Tarragona's troops to Castellon to capture it quickly, and then from Castellon we can go to Valencia etc. And for Girona, we can just build at Barcelona and wait? But Barcelona's troops alone are too weak. We could send from Barcelona to attack a weaker neutral? The only neutrals we can see are Girona, Castellon, Zaragoza. Barcelona can only reach Girona directly. So we must reinforce Barcelona to take Girona.

Alternatively, we could forget Girona for now and focus on the south. Capture Castellon and Zaragoza with Tarragona's troops, then use those to expand. Girona can be taken later when we have more troops from Barcelona or from captured villages.

Let's check the map: If we capture Castellon and Zaragoza, we'll have 4 villages (Barcelona, Tarragona, Castellon, Zaragoza). Then we can attack Valencia (16) from Castellon, Teruel (13) from Castellon or Zaragoza, Madrid (12) from Zaragoza, etc. That seems a solid expansion.

What about Girona? It's a dead end? It connects to Huesca (20) and Barcelona. Huesca connects to Pamplona (19) and Zaragoza (17). So Girona is a gateway to the north. But we can also reach Huesca from Zaragoza via Pamplona? Actually, Zaragoza connects to Pamplona (19) and Huesca (20). So we can go around through Zaragoza to reach Huesca and then Girona. So Girona is not strictly necessary to expand north; we can go through Zaragoza.

So maybe we should focus on capturing Castellon and Zaragoza first, and leave Girona for later.

But we need to consider that neutral villages harden every 5 turns. Currently turn 2. They will gain +1 troop at turn 5? "every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type." So at turn 5, Girona will gain +1 spearman (so 2 spearman), Castellon +1 spearman (2 spearman), Zaragoza +1 knight (3 knights). So we have until turn 5 before they get stronger. We should capture them before turn 5 if possible.

We can capture Castellon on turn 3 (next turn) by sending from Tarragona. Zaragoza on turn 3 as well if we send from Tarragona? But we can only send one army from Tarragona per turn. So we have to choose one target for Tarragona's army. We could split Tarragona's troops? The rules don't explicitly forbid sending part of the garrison to one target and part to another? The movement order format has one "fromId" and one "toId". It seems you can only send one army from a village per turn. But you could send a portion. However, if you send a portion, you specify the number of each type. You could send, say, 5 spearman to Castellon and keep the rest at Tarragona. But you can't send to two different destinations from the same village in one turn because you only get one movement order per village? The problem says: "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." It doesn't explicitly limit the number of orders per village, but the JSON structure suggests you can have multiple movements in the list, each with its own fromId. So you could theoretically send from the same village to multiple destinations? But typically in these games, you can only send one army from a village per turn. However, the instructions say: "movements: [ {"fromId": <id of one of YOUR villages>, "toId": <id of ANY other village...}, ... ]". It doesn't say you can't use the same fromId multiple times. But it might be allowed? Let's check the rules: "Each village you hold produces resources every turn, and resources are what build your army." "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." Nothing about limiting one move per village. But logically, you can only send one army from a location per turn because they all start at the same time. If you send part to A and part to B, they would both march simultaneously. That might be allowed. However, the problem might expect one movement per village. To be safe, I'll assume we can send multiple armies from the same village as long as we specify the troops correctly. But we need to consider that the troops we send are deducted from the village's garrison. So we can split.

But there's another rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if we send from Tarragona to Castellon and also from Tarragona to Zaragoza, they are from the same village, but they are separate sends? Actually, they are from the same village, but they would be two separate armies. The rule says "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up". It doesn't mention same village. But it's likely that even from the same village, if you send multiple groups, they fight separately? But you can only send one group per turn from a village because the troops are all at that village and you decide how many to send. You could send 5 to A and 7 to B. They would march at different speeds? They would all start at the same time. That seems plausible. But the problem might not support multiple moves from same village. I'll check the example: the JSON has "movements": [ {...}, {...} ]. It doesn't restrict fromId. So I think we can send multiple armies from the same village, as long as the total troops sent don't exceed what's available.

But let's be cautious: maybe the game expects one movement order per village. The typical format in these puzzles is that you can issue one movement order per village, but you can specify any number of troops up to the available. However, the instructions say "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you". It doesn't say you can only send one army per village. I'll assume we can split.

If we can split, we could send part of Tarragona's troops to Castellon and part to Zaragoza, capturing both next turn. That would be great. Let's see if we have enough troops to capture both.

Castellon: defense 3, 1 spearman. We need to send enough to win. Zaragoza: defense 5, 2 knights. We need to send enough to win.

We have at Tarragona: 5 spear, 4 arch, 3 knight. Total 12.

If we send, say, 3 spear, 2 arch to Castellon: attack = 3*1 + 2*2 = 7. Most numerous spearman (3). Defender: 1 spearman. Spearman vs spearman: no counter. Effective attack 7, defense 3. Win easily. We might lose some.

Send the rest to Zaragoza: 2 spear, 2 arch, 3 knight. Attack = 2*1 + 2*2 + 3*4 = 2+4+12=18. Most numerous? Spear:2, arch:2, knight:3. Knight is most numerous (3). So knight vs knight? Defender has 2 knights, so most numerous knight. Knight vs knight: no counter? The counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. So knight does not counter knight. So no bonus. Effective attack = 18. Defender defense = 5. Win easily. But wait: the defender has 2 knights, so their most numerous is knight. Our most numerous is knight. So no counter. Effective attack 18 vs 5. We win. Losses: we take losses against defender's effective force 5. So we might lose some troops.

But is it allowed to send two armies from Tarragona? I think yes, but let's double-check the rules. The rules say: "Armies march along the ROAD NETWORK... An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there... Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This implies that each "send" is an army. It doesn't say you can't send multiple from the same village. So I'll assume we can.

However, we also need to consider that if we send all troops from Tarragona, Tarragona will be empty. That's fine.

But we also have Barcelona. We can send Barcelona's troops to Girona? But they are too weak. We could send them to Girona to try to capture it? With 2 spearman, attack 2 vs defense 3, we lose. So we shouldn't send them to Girona. We could send them to reinforce Tarragona? But Tarragona is ours, we can send to Tarragona to reinforce it, but that doesn't help capture new villages. Or we could send them to Castellon or Zaragoza? But from Barcelona, the road to Castellon goes through Tarragona? Barcelona connects to Tarragona (21) and Girona (23). To get to Castellon from Barcelona, we must go through Tarragona. Since Tarragona is ours, we can pass through. So we could send Barcelona's troops to Castellon as well. They would take 2 turns? Barcelona to Tarragona is 1 turn, Tarragona to Castellon is 1 turn, so 2 turns total. They would arrive on turn 4. Not helpful for capturing next turn.

Alternatively, we could send Barcelona's troops to Girona to try to capture it? But as said, 2 spearman is not enough. If we build something at Barcelona first, we might have enough. Let's see: if we build 1 archer at Barcelona, we have 2 spear, 1 arch. Attack 4 vs defense 3. We win, but we might lose troops. So we could send them to Girona and capture it next turn. That would be a separate army from Barcelona. So we could capture Girona with Barcelona's troops, and capture Castellon and Zaragoza with Tarragona's troops (split into two armies). That would give us 3 new villages next turn! That's a huge expansion.

But wait: can Tarragona's troops split into two armies and both reach their targets next turn? Yes, both Castellon and Zaragoza are 1 turn from Tarragona. So they would arrive next turn simultaneously. Then we would have captured Girona, Castellon, and Zaragoza on turn 3. Then we'd have 5 villages total. That's great progress.

Let's check if we have enough troops to win all three battles.

1. Girona: send from Barcelona: 2 spear, 1 arch (after building 1 archer). Attack 4, defense 3. Win. Losses: we might lose 1 or 2 troops. But we capture Girona.

2. Castellon: send from Tarragona: say, 3 spear, 2 arch. Attack 7, defense 3. Win.

3. Zaragoza: send from Tarragona: remaining troops: 2 spear, 2 arch, 3 knight. Attack 18, defense 5. Win.

But we need to ensure that the troops we send from Tarragona don't exceed what's available. Tarragona has 5 spear, 4 arch, 3 knight. If we send 3 spear, 2 arch to Castellon, that leaves 2 spear, 2 arch, 3 knight for Zaragoza. That matches.

Now, what about the battle at Zaragoza? Our army: 2 spear, 2 arch, 3 knight. Most numerous is knight (3). Defender has 2 knights. So knight vs knight: no counter. Effective attack = 2*1 + 2*2 + 3*4 = 2+4+12=18. Defender defense 5. We win. But we take losses. How many? The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." It doesn't specify the exact number, but typically it's a fraction. We might lose some troops. But we still capture the village.

At Castellon: our army 3 spear, 2 arch. Most numerous spearman (3). Defender 1 spearman. Spearman vs spearman: no counter. Effective attack = 3*1 + 2*2 = 7. Defense 3. Win. Losses: against defense 3.

At Girona: our army 2 spear, 1 arch. Most numerous spearman (2). Defender 1 spearman. No counter. Effective attack = 2*1 + 1*2 = 4. Defense 3. Win. Losses: against defense 3.

All battles should be victories. We might lose a few troops, but we gain 3 villages. That's worth it.

Now, we need to consider building. At Barcelona, we need to build 1 archer to have the troops to send. Barcelona has 30 wood, 40 iron. Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. So we can build 1 archer. We could also build more? We have resources for 1 archer and maybe 1 spearman? 15 wood, 0 iron. After building 1 archer (20 wood), we have 10 wood left, not enough for spearman (15). So we can only build 1 archer. Or we could build 2 spearmen (30 wood) and no archer. But then we'd have 4 spearman at Barcelona. Send 4 spearman to Girona: attack 4, defense 3. Still win, but no archer. Which is better? Building archer gives us a mixed army, but since spearman are most numerous, no counter. Building 2 spear gives more attack power (4 vs 4? Actually 4 spear attack 4, same as 2 spear+1 arch attack 4). So same attack. But archer costs iron, which we might need later? We have plenty of iron (40). So either is fine. But if we build 2 spear, we use all wood, and we have 4 spear to send. That might be better because we keep the archer for later? Actually, we don't have any archers at Barcelona currently. If we build 2 spear, we have 4 spear, 0 arch. Send all 4 to Girona. Attack 4, defense 3. Win. Then after capture, we have no troops left at Barcelona? We send all. That's okay, we can rebuild.

But if we build 1 archer, we have 2 spear, 1 arch. Send all. Same attack. But we used iron. I think building 2 spear is more resource-efficient, and we get more troops (4 vs 3) which might reduce losses? Not sure. But having more troops might be better for attrition? Actually, the losses are against the defender's effective force. The number of troops we lose might be a fixed proportion? Without knowing the formula, it's hard. But generally, having more troops might mean we lose more absolute numbers but maybe fewer proportionally? Usually in these games, losses are a percentage of your force equal to the enemy's force divided by yours or something. But we can just assume it's fine.

I'll go with building 2 spearman at Barcelona, since it uses only wood and gives us 4 spear to send. We'll send all 4 to Girona.

But wait: if we send 4 spear to Girona, attack 4 vs defense 3. We win. But what about the counter? Defender has 1 spearman. Our most numerous is spearman. No counter. So effective attack 4. That's fine.

Now, for Tarragona: we need to split into two armies. We have 5 spear, 4 arch, 3 knight. We'll send 3 spear, 2 arch to Castellon. And 2 spear, 2 arch, 3 knight to Zaragoza. That uses all troops.

But we also need to consider: should we leave some troops at Tarragona to defend? Tarragona is interior, no enemy border. So it's safe. We can send all.

Now, what about building at Tarragona? Tarragona has 0 wood, 0 iron. It cannot build this turn. Next turn it will have 30 wood, 20 iron, so it can build.

Now, let's think about the plan for subsequent turns. After we capture Girona, Castellon, Zaragoza on turn 3, we will have 5 villages. On turn 3, we will have troops at those villages (the survivors). We can then build at all villages (they will have resources? On turn 3, the newly captured villages will produce resources? The rule: "Each village you hold produces resources every turn." So on turn 3, we hold them, so they produce resources at the start of turn 3? Or at the end? Typically, production is at the beginning of the turn. So on turn 3, we get resources from Barcelona, Tarragona, and the three new ones? But the new ones were captured during turn 2's orders? Actually, turn 2 is when we give orders. The battles happen at the end of turn 2? Or at the beginning of turn 3? The problem says: "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now. Nothing you order this turn is visible to them before it happens." So we are at the start of turn 2? Actually, the report says "TURN 2 - You are King B. These numbers are from TURN 2." So we are about to issue orders for turn 2. The movements will take 1 turn, so they will arrive at the start of turn 3? Or during turn 2? The travel time is measured in turns. "march from [x]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means it takes that many turns to arrive. So if we order on turn 2, they will arrive on turn 3. So on turn 3, we will have the new villages. Then on turn 3, we can issue orders for turn 3, using the resources from all villages we hold at the start of turn 3. So the new villages will have 0 stock initially, but they will produce resources at the start of turn 3? Or do they produce at the start of the turn after they are captured? The rule: "Each village you hold produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn." It doesn't specify when. Usually, you get resources at the beginning of the turn from all villages you control at that moment. So if we capture a village on turn 3 (i.e., the battle resolves and we take control), do we get its production for turn 3? Probably not, because we didn't hold it at the start of turn 3. The production likely happens at the start of the turn, before movements. So on turn 3, we would get production from Barcelona and Tarragona only. The new villages would have 0 stock on turn 3, so they can't build on turn 3. They will produce on turn 4. That's fine.

So on turn 3, we can build at Barcelona and Tarragona (which now have resources). We can also send troops from the new villages to attack further.

Let's plan the next moves: After capturing Girona, Castellon, Zaragoza, we can:
- From Girona, we can attack Huesca (20) which is neutral? It's unexplored. Girona connects to Huesca (20) and Barcelona. So we can send troops to Huesca.
- From Castellon, we can attack Valencia (16) or Teruel (13).
- From Zaragoza, we can attack Madrid (12), Teruel (13), Huesca (20), Pamplona (19).
We should continue expanding.

But we also need to consider that the enemy might be building and moving. We don't see them yet. We need to be cautious.

Now, let's write the plan and statement.

Plan: "Capture Girona, Castellon, and Zaragoza simultaneously next turn by sending all available troops. Build 2 spearman at Barcelona to reinforce for Girona. Split Tarragona's army to take Castellon and Zaragoza. After securing these, expand to Huesca, Valencia, Madrid, and Teruel to reach 18 villages."

Statement: "I have ordered the build of 2 spearman at Barcelona and the movement of all troops to attack three neutral villages. My armies will capture Girona, Castellon, and Zaragoza next turn, expanding my territory to 5 villages. This is a bold stroke to rapidly reach the majority threshold."

But we need to ensure the JSON is correct.

Let's double-check the troop counts and resources.

Barcelona: currently 2 spearman. We build 2 spearman -> total 4 spearman. Then we send all 4 to Girona. So movement: from 22 to 23, troops: spearman 4, archer 0, knight 0.

Tarragona: currently 5 spear, 4 arch, 3 knight. We send to Castellon (18): 3 spear, 2 arch, 0 knight. To Zaragoza (17): 2 spear, 2 arch, 3 knight. Total sent: 5 spear, 4 arch, 3 knight. Perfect.

But wait: Can we send from Tarragona to two different destinations? The JSON allows multiple movements. We'll have two movement entries with fromId 21.

Now, check if we have enough resources at Barcelona to build 2 spearman: cost 15 wood each, total 30 wood. Barcelona has 30 wood. Iron: 0 needed. So yes.

Now, what about the travel times? From Barcelona to Girona: 1 turn (any speed). From Tarragona to Castellon: 1 turn. From Tarragona to Zaragoza: 1 turn. So all arrive next turn.

Now, we need to consider the battles in detail to ensure we don't lose all troops. Let's simulate each battle with the rules.

Battle at Girona:
Attacker: 4 spearman. Attack total = 4*1 = 4. Most numerous: spearman (4). Defender: 1 spearman, defense 3 (effective). Defender's most numerous: spearman. Counter: spearman vs spearman: no counter (since archer counters spearman, but neither is archer). So no bonus. Effective attack = 4. Effective defense = 3. Attack > Defense, so attacker wins. Losses: attacker takes losses against defender's effective force (3). So we lose some troops. How many? The rule doesn't specify. It might be that we lose a number of troops equal to the defender's effective force? Or a fraction? In many similar games, the winner loses troops equal to the loser's effective force divided by the winner's attack? Not sure. But we can assume we lose at least 1 troop, maybe 2. So we might arrive with 2-3 spearman. That's okay, we still capture the village.

Battle at Castellon:
Attacker: 3 spear, 2 arch. Attack: 3*1 + 2*2 = 7. Most numerous: spearman (3). Defender: 1 spearman, defense 3. No counter. Effective attack 7, defense 3. Win. Losses: against defense 3. We might lose some troops.

Battle at Zaragoza:
Attacker: 2 spear, 2 arch, 3 knight. Attack: 2+4+12=18. Most numerous: knight (3). Defender: 2 knights, defense 5. Most numerous: knight. Knight vs knight: no counter. Effective attack 18, defense 5. Win. Losses: against defense 5. We might lose some troops, possibly knights since they are valuable.

After these battles, we will have captured 3 new villages. Our total villages: 5. We need 18. So we need 13 more.

Now, we should also consider that we might want to send some troops to reinforce Barcelona after it attacks Girona? But we can just leave it empty; we can rebuild next turn.

Now, let's write the JSON.

But wait: The plan from last turn said: "Capture Tarragona (21) with my full army now, then Girona (23) next turn." That was written last turn. Now we are at turn 2, and we have Tarragona. The plan said to capture Girona next turn. So our current plan should align with that but also expand.

I'll write the plan as: "This turn, build 2 spearman at Barcelona and send all troops to capture Girona, Castellon, and Zaragoza simultaneously. Next turn, use the new villages to expand to Huesca, Valencia, and Madrid. Continue building spearman and archers to grow the army. Aim to hold 18 villages by turn 10."

Statement: "I have ordered a three-pronged attack. Barcelona's reinforced army takes Girona, while Tarragona's forces split to capture Castellon and Zaragoza. This will give me five villages by next turn, a solid foundation for further expansion."

Now, let's construct the JSON.

We need to specify the build at Barcelona: villageId 22, type spearman, quantity 2.

Movements:
1. from 22 to 23, troops: spearman 4, archer 0, knight 0.
2. from 21 to 18, troops: spearman 3, archer 2, knight 0.
3. from 21 to 17, troops: spearman 2, archer 2, knight 3.

Check: Tarragona has 5 spear, 4 arch, 3 knight. 3+2=5 spear, 2+2=4 arch, 0+3=3 knight. Good.

Now, are there any other orders? We could also build at Tarragona? It has no resources. So no.

Now, we need to ensure we don't violate any rules. The rule: "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." Barcelona can pay for 2 spearman (30 wood). It has 30 wood, 40 iron. So yes.

Also, the rule: "Cap per village: when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building." We are far below 300.

Now, what about the enemy? We don't see any armies. So no need to defend.

Now, let's think about the plan text. It should be 2-6 lines, under 600 characters. I'll write a concise plan.

Plan: "Capture Girona, Castellon, and Zaragoza next turn by sending all available troops. Build 2 spearman at Barcelona to reinforce for Girona. After capturing these, expand to Huesca (from Girona), Valencia (from Castellon), and Madrid (from Zaragoza). Continue building troops to reach 18 villages."

Statement: "I am launching a massive offensive this turn. Barcelona's army will take Girona, while Tarragona's forces split to capture Castellon and Zaragoza. By next turn, I will hold five villages, bringing me closer to the 18 needed for victory."

Now, let's double-check the IDs:
Barcelona: 22
Tarragona: 21
Girona: 23
Castellon: 18
Zaragoza: 17

All correct.

Now, let's consider if we should send any troops from Barcelona to somewhere else? We are sending all to Girona. That's fine.

What about the fact that after sending all from Barcelona, Barcelona will have 0 troops? That's okay; it's not under immediate threat.

Now, let's think about the battle at Girona again. We send 4 spearman. But we just built 2 spearman this turn. Do they march immediately? The build order is for this turn, and the movement is for this turn. Typically, builds complete at the start of the turn? Or at the end? The rules: "spearman: costs 15 wood + 0 iron, ready in 1 turn." So if we order the build on turn 2, they will be ready on turn 3? Or are they ready immediately? The phrase "ready in 1 turn" means they take 1 turn to build. So if we order on turn 2, they will be available on turn 3. But we are ordering movements for turn 2. Can we send troops that are built this turn? Usually, in these games, you can only send troops that are already built at the start of the turn. The build order consumes resources and the troops are added to the village at the end of the turn or start of next turn. So if we build this turn, they won't be available to send until next turn. That's a crucial point!

Let's read the rules carefully: "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." "spearman: costs 15 wood + 0 iron, ready in 1 turn." This implies that when you order a build, it takes 1 turn to complete. So the troops will be ready after 1 turn. If we order on turn 2, they will be ready on turn 3. Therefore, we cannot send them on turn 2. We can only send troops that are already at the village at the start of turn 2.

The report says: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight" for Barcelona. That means those are the troops currently there and available to send this turn. If we build, we are ordering them to be built, but they won't be available for movement this turn. So we cannot send the newly built troops on the same turn we build them. That is a standard rule in these games to prevent instant reinforcement.

Therefore, our plan to build 2 spearman and send them to Girona this turn is invalid. We can only send the 2 spearman that are already there. And as we calculated, 2 spearman attack 2 vs defense 3, we lose. So we cannot capture Girona this turn from Barcelona.

We need to adjust. We can either:
- Send the 2 spearman from Barcelona to Girona anyway? They would lose. Not good.
- Send them to reinforce Tarragona? Or send them to a weaker target? But from Barcelona, the only reachable neutral is Girona (since Tarragona is ours, Castellon and Zaragoza are through Tarragona). We could send them to Tarragona to reinforce, then next turn send a larger army from Tarragona to somewhere. But that would mean we don't capture Girona next turn.
- Or we could not send from Barcelona at all, and instead use Tarragona's troops to capture Girona? But Tarragona to Girona takes 2 turns (via Barcelona). So not next turn.
- Or we could send from Tarragona to Barcelona to reinforce Barcelona, then next turn Barcelona attacks Girona with more troops. That seems good: send some troops from Tarragona to Barcelona now, they arrive next turn (1 turn). Then on turn 3, Barcelona can attack Girona with the reinforced garrison. Meanwhile, Tarragona's remaining troops can attack Castellon or Zaragoza this turn (1 turn away). So we can still capture one of them next turn.

Let's rethink:

We have two villages: Barcelona (22) with 2 spearman; Tarragona (21) with 5 spear, 4 arch, 3 knight.

We want to expand. We can send Tarragona's troops to attack a neutral that is 1 turn away: Castellon (18) or Zaragoza (17). We can only send one army from Tarragona per turn? Or we can split? Even if we can split, we can send part to Castellon and part to Zaragoza, capturing both next turn. That would use all of Tarragona's troops. Then what about Barcelona? We can send Barcelona's 2 spearman to Girona? They would lose. Or we can send them to Tarragona to reinforce? But Tarragona is sending all troops away, so it would be empty. If we send Barcelona's troops to Tarragona, they would arrive next turn and be at Tarragona. But Tarragona would have no troops to defend? It's interior, so safe. Then on turn 3, we have Tarragona with 2 spearman (from Barcelona) and we can build there. Or we could send Barcelona's troops to Castellon or Zaragoza? They would take 2 turns (Barcelona->Tarragona->target), so they'd arrive on turn 4.

Maybe we should not split Tarragona's troops. Instead, send all Tarragona troops to capture Zaragoza (the stronger one) or Castellon (weaker). And send Barcelona's troops to reinforce Tarragona? Or send Barcelona's troops to Girona with the hope that they might win? No, 2 vs 3 is loss.

Let's calculate if we send Barcelona's 2 spearman to Girona: attack 2, defense 3. We lose. What happens if we lose? The enemy garrison might take losses too? The rule: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER." So we lose. Our army is destroyed? "The losing army is destroyed entirely; the winner takes losses and keeps marching." So if we attack and lose, our army is entirely destroyed, and the defender takes losses? Actually, "the winner takes losses" means the winner also suffers losses, but the loser is destroyed. So if we lose, our 2 spearman are gone, and the defender's garrison is reduced but survives. That's bad. So we should not attack a battle we can't win.

Therefore, we should not send Barcelona's troops to Girona. We should either send them to reinforce a friendly village or keep them at Barcelona.

What if we send Barcelona's troops to Tarragona? They would march 1 turn, arrive at Tarragona next turn. Then Tarragona would have those 2 spearman plus whatever we build there next turn. But if we send all Tarragona's troops away, Tarragona will be empty after they leave. If we send Barcelona's troops to Tarragona, they will arrive at Tarragona on turn 3, but Tarragona might be attacked? Unlikely.

Alternatively, we could keep Barcelona's troops at Barcelona and build more there. But we can only build if we have resources. Barcelona has resources. We can build 2 spearman this turn (they'll be ready turn 3). Then on turn 3, Barcelona will have 2 (original) + 2 (new) = 4 spearman. Then on turn 3, we can send them to Girona and win. That would delay Girona capture to turn 4. Meanwhile, we can use Tarragona's troops to capture Castellon and/or Zaragoza on turn 3.

So a good plan: 
- This turn: Build 2 spearman at Barcelona (ready turn 3). Do not move Barcelona's existing 2 spearman (keep them).
- From Tarragona, send troops to capture Castellon and Zaragoza. We can split Tarragona's army to capture both? Let's see if we can capture both with one army? No, we need to send two separate armies if we want to capture both simultaneously. But can we send two armies from Tarragona? As discussed, the JSON allows multiple movements from the same fromId. I think it's allowed. But let's be cautious: maybe the game expects one movement per village. In many similar games, you can only send one army from each village per turn. The instructions don't explicitly forbid multiple, but the typical interpretation is that you can only issue one movement order per village per turn because you only have one group of troops leaving. However, the JSON structure has "movements" as an array, and the example doesn't show multiple from same village. I'll check the rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This implies that each "send" is a distinct army. It doesn't say you can't send multiple from the same village. But logically, if you have 12 troops at a village, you could split them into two groups and send them in different directions. That seems reasonable. I'll assume it's allowed.

But if we split Tarragona's troops, we need to ensure each group is strong enough to win its battle. Let's design the split:

Option 1: Send a strong army to Zaragoza (defense 5) and a weaker army to Castellon (defense 3). We have 12 troops. We need to allocate enough to win both.

Zaragoza: defense 5. We can send, say, 2 spear, 2 arch, 3 knight (attack 18) as before. That's 7 troops.
Castellon: defense 3. Send the rest: 3 spear, 2 arch (attack 7). That's 5 troops.
Both win.

But we must consider that after battle, we will lose some troops. The survivors will be at the captured villages. That's fine.

Now, what about Barcelona? We keep the 2 spearman there, and build 2 more. On turn 3, Barcelona will have 4 spearman. We can then send them to Girona on turn 3 (arrive turn 4) or on turn 3? If we send on turn 3, they arrive turn 4. Girona will have had time to harden? By turn 4, it's before turn 5, so no additional troops. So Girona still has 1 spearman, defense 3. 4 spearman attack 4 vs 3, win. So Girona captured on turn 4.

Alternatively, on turn 3, we could send Barcelona's 4 spearman to Girona, and also use the newly captured villages to attack further.

Let's outline the turns:

Turn 2 (this turn):
- Build at Barcelona: 2 spearman (ready turn 3).
- Move from Tarragona to Castellon: 3 spear, 2 arch.
- Move from Tarragona to Zaragoza: 2 spear, 2 arch, 3 knight.
- Barcelona's 2 spearman stay put.

Turn 3:
- Barcelona has 4 spearman (2 old + 2 new). Tarragona is empty? Actually, we sent all from Tarragona, so Tarragona has 0 troops. But Tarragona will produce resources, so we can build there.
- Castellon and Zaragoza are captured. Their surviving troops are there.
- We can build at Barcelona, Tarragona, and maybe the new villages? The new villages have 0 stock on turn 3, so they can't build. But we can build at Barcelona and Tarragona.
- We can send troops from Castellon and Zaragoza to attack nearby neutrals.
- We can also send Barcelona's 4 spearman to Girona? But if we send on turn 3, they arrive turn 4. That's fine.

Turn 4: Girona captured, etc.

This seems like a solid plan.

But we need to consider: should we send Tarragona's troops to Zaragoza or Castellon? Zaragoza is more central and connects to Madrid, which is a major unexplored city. Madrid (12) is likely a large village? It's unexplored, but it could be neutral or enemy. The report lists Madrid as unexplored. It might be a neutral village with troops. Capturing Zaragoza gives us a base to attack Madrid. Castellon gives access to Valencia. Both are good. But Zaragoza is tougher now, but we can take it.

What if we instead send all Tarragona troops to Zaragoza, and keep Castellon for later? Then we capture only one village next turn. But we might preserve more troops. However, we want to expand fast. Capturing two villages at once is better.

But can we really send two armies from Tarragona? Let's verify the rules. The rules say: "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." It doesn't mention any limit on the number of orders per village. In many turn-based strategy games, you can split your forces. I think it's allowed. However, to be safe, I'll consider the possibility that the game expects one movement order per village. If that's the case, we can only send one army from Tarragona. Then we have to choose between Castellon and Zaragoza. Which one?

If we can only send one army, we should send the one that gives the best outcome. Zaragoza is more valuable strategically, but it's stronger. We can still win with all 12 troops. Let's check if we send all 12 to Zaragoza: 5 spear, 4 arch, 3 knight. Attack 25, most numerous spearman (5). Defender 2 knights. Spearman counters knight, so 1.5x multiplier. Effective attack = 37.5. Defense 5. Win big. We might lose some troops, but we capture Zaragoza. Then next turn, we have Tarragona empty, but we can build there. We also have Barcelona with 2 spearman (plus 2 built this turn). We can then from Zaragoza attack Madrid or Teruel. Castellon remains neutral, but we can attack it later from Tarragona or Zaragoza? Zaragoza connects to Teruel (13) and Madrid (12), not directly to Castellon. To attack Castellon from Zaragoza, we'd have to go through Teruel? The road: Zaragoza (17) connects to Teruel (13) and Tarragona (21). Castellon (18) connects to Teruel (13) and Tarragona (21). So from Zaragoza to Castellon, we'd go Zaragoza -> Teruel -> Castellon, or Zaragoza -> Tarragona -> Castellon. That's 2 turns. So we can't take Castellon quickly from Zaragoza. So if we only take Zaragoza, Castellon remains neutral and might harden. We could instead take Castellon first, then from Castellon go to Valencia or Teruel. Which is better?

Let's look at the unexplored villages near each:
- From Castellon (18): connects to Valencia (16) and Teruel (13). Valencia is unexplored, likely neutral or enemy. Teruel is unexplored.
- From Zaragoza (17): connects to Madrid (12), Teruel (13), Huesca (20), Pamplona (19). Madrid is a big city, likely heavily defended. Huesca and Pamplona are unexplored.

If we take Castellon, we can next attack Valencia (16) or Teruel (13). If we take Zaragoza, we can attack Madrid, Teruel, Huesca, Pamplona. Zaragoza opens more territory. But Madrid might be too strong. We could attack Teruel from either.

Maybe we should take Castellon first because it's weaker, and then use it to attack Teruel, and also from Tarragona we can attack Zaragoza next turn? But we would have used all Tarragona troops on Castellon, so Tarragona would be empty. We could rebuild there next turn.

Actually, if we send all Tarragona troops to Castellon, we capture it. Then on turn 3, we have Castellon with some survivors, Tarragona empty (but we can build), Barcelona with 4 spearman (after building). On turn 3, we can build at Tarragona and Barcelona, and send Castellon's troops to attack Valencia or Teruel. We can also send Barcelona's troops to Girona. That might be a steady expansion.

But we need to capture 18 villages. We should expand as fast as possible. Capturing two villages per turn is ideal. So I'll assume we can split Tarragona's troops. The JSON format allows multiple movements, and there's no rule against it. I'll go with the split.

Let's refine the split to minimize losses and ensure victory.

We need to allocate troops to Castellon and Zaragoza such that both win. Let's calculate the minimum needed for each.

Castellon: defense 3, 1 spearman. We need effective attack > 3. If we send all spearman, we need at least 4 spearman (attack 4) to win without counter. If we send some archers, we can win with fewer troops. For example, 1 archer, 2 spear: attack 2+2=4. But we want to conserve troops. Let's send a small force: 2 spear, 1 arch? Attack 2+2=4, win. But we might lose some. Actually, with 2 spear, 1 arch, most numerous spearman (2). No counter. Effective attack 4 > 3. So that's enough. But we might want a margin for losses? The battle result: we win, but we take losses. The losses are against defender's effective force (3). If we lose 1 or 2 troops, we might still hold the village. But we need to ensure we have some troops left to garrison. If we send only 3 troops and lose 2, we have 1 left. That's okay, we can build more.

Zaragoza: defense 5, 2 knights. We need effective attack > 5. If we send knights, they don't counter. If we send spearman, they counter knights (1.5x). So sending spearman is efficient. For example, 4 spearman: attack 4, with counter 1.5 = 6 > 5. So 4 spearman can win. Or 2 spearman, 1 archer? Attack 2+2=4, counter? Most numerous spearman (2), so counter vs knight gives 1.5x, effective 6 > 5. So a small mixed force can win.

We have 5 spear, 4 arch, 3 knight. We can allocate:
- To Castellon: 2 spear, 1 arch (attack 4)
- To Zaragoza: 3 spear, 3 arch, 3 knight? That's 9 troops. Attack: 3+6+12=21. Most numerous: spear 3, arch 3, knight 3. Tie? The rule: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So if there's a tie, it breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So if we have 3 spear, 3 arch, 3 knight, the most numerous is spearman (since tie goes to spearman). So counter: spearman vs knight (defender is knight) gives 1.5x. Effective attack = 21 * 1.5 = 31.5. Overkill. But we used many troops.

We could send fewer to Zaragoza. Let's try to minimize troops sent to Zaragoza while ensuring victory. We need effective attack > 5. With counter (spearman vs knight), we need base attack > 5/1.5 = 3.33, so at least 4 base attack. So we can send 4 spearman (attack 4, effective 6). That's 4 troops. Or 2 spear, 1 arch (attack 4, effective 6). That's 3 troops. Or 1 spear, 2 arch? Attack 1+4=5, most numerous arch (2). Archer vs knight: knight counters archer? Wait, knight counters archer, so if we are archers and defender is knights, we are countered? The counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. So if attacker's most numerous is archer, and defender's most numerous is knight, then knight counters archer, so defender gets the counter bonus? The rule says: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't specify whether the attacker or defender gets the bonus. It says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." In the attack phase, the attacker counts their ATTACK, the defender counts DEFENSE. The counter triangle applies to the attacker's force relative to the defender's force? Or does it apply to both? The typical interpretation: when determining the effective force, if the attacker's most numerous type counters the defender's most numerous type, the attacker gets a 1.5x multiplier. If the defender's most numerous type counters the attacker's most numerous type, the defender gets a 1.5x multiplier? But the rule says: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." It doesn't explicitly say who gets the bonus. But earlier: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counts spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." The phrase "your force" refers to the attacker? Or to the side that has the counter? It says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." In context, "your" likely means the attacker, because the attacker is the one making the attack. But it could be that either side can have the counter if their most numerous type counters the opponent's most numerous type. Let's read carefully: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It seems like the counter is an attribute of the attacker's army relative to the defender's army. So if the attacker's most numerous type counters the defender's most numerous type, the attacker's force is multiplied by 1.5. If the defender's most numerous type counters the attacker's most numerous type, does the defender get a bonus? The rule doesn't mention defender bonus. It only says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." Since "your" refers to the player (the attacker), it implies only the attacker can get the counter bonus. But that would be weird because then the defender never benefits from the triangle. Actually, in many games, the counter applies to the attacker's attack against the defender's defense. But here, the defender's defense values are used, and the attacker's attack values. The counter might be based on the attacker's most numerous type vs the defender's most numerous type. If the attacker's type is strong against the defender's type, attacker gets bonus. If weak, no bonus? Or maybe the defender also gets a bonus if they have the counter? The rule says: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup" So both armies have a most numerous type. The matchup between them determines who gets the counter? It says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't specify which side's force. In the context of an attack, "your force" likely means the attacking force. But then what if the defender has the counter? Does the defender's defense get multiplied? The rule says: "Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle." That's a location bonus. It doesn't mention a counter bonus for defense. So probably only the attacker can get the counter bonus. The attacker gets the counter bonus if their most numerous type counters the defender's most numerous type. If the defender's most numerous type counters the attacker's, the attacker does not get the bonus (or maybe gets a penalty? The rule doesn't say). So we should assume the attacker gets a 1.5x multiplier only if they have the counter. Otherwise, no multiplier.

Let's verify with an example: If attacker has many archers, defender has many knights. Archer does not counter knight; knight counters archer. So attacker does not get counter. So no bonus. If attacker has many spearman, defender has many knights. Spearman counters knight, so attacker gets 1.5x. If attacker has many knights, defender has many archers. Knight counters archer, attacker gets 1.5x. If attacker has many spearman, defender has many archers. Spearman does not counter archer (archer counters spearman), so no bonus. So the attacker only gets the bonus when their most numerous type is strong against the defender's most numerous type. That makes sense.

So for Zaragoza: defender has 2 knights (most numerous knight). To get the counter bonus, we want our most numerous type to be spearman (since spearman counters knight). So we should send an army where spearman is the most numerous type (or tied for most numerous, with tie going to spearman). Then we get 1.5x.

For Castellon: defender has 1 spearman. To get counter, we want our most numerous to be archer (since archer counters spearman). If we send mostly archers, we get 1.5x. If we send mostly spearman, no counter.

So we can optimize our sends to get the counter bonus, which reduces the number of troops needed.

Let's design the armies with counter in mind.

For Castellon (defender: spearman):
- Send an army where archer is most numerous. For example, 2 archer, 1 spear? Most numerous archer (2). Archer counters spearman -> 1.5x. Attack: 2*2 + 1*1 = 5. Effective = 5*1.5 = 7.5. Defense 3. Win with only 3 troops.
- Or 3 archer, 0 spear: attack 6, effective 9. Win.
- We have 4 archers total. We could send 2 archers to Castellon and 2 to Zaragoza? But for Zaragoza we want spearman.

For Zaragoza (defender: knight):
- Send army where spearman is most numerous. For example, 3 spear, 1 arch: most numerous spear (3). Spearman counters knight -> 1.5x. Attack: 3*1 + 1*2 = 5. Effective = 7.5. Defense 5. Win. That's 4 troops.
- Or 4 spear: attack 4, effective 6. Win.

So we can capture both with very few troops. Let's allocate:

Tarragona has: 5 spear, 4 arch, 3 knight.

We want to send to Castellon: an army with archer most numerous. Let's send 2 archer, 1 spear? That uses 2 arch, 1 spear. Attack 5, effective 7.5 > 3. Win.
We want to send to Zaragoza: an army with spearman most numerous. Let's send 4 spear, 1 arch? That uses 4 spear, 1 arch. Attack: 4+2=6, effective 9 > 5. Win. Or 3 spear, 2 arch? Most numerous spear (3), attack 3+4=7, effective 10.5. Win.
We have 5 spear, 4 arch. If we send 2 arch, 1 spear to Castellon, that leaves 4 spear, 2 arch. We can send 4 spear, 2 arch to Zaragoza? That would be 6 troops. Most numerous spear (4). Attack: 4+4=8, effective 12. Win. But we also have 3 knights we could send. We might not need them. We can keep the knights at Tarragona or send them to reinforce? If we send them to Zaragoza, they might change the most numerous type. If we add 3 knights to the Zaragoza army, we have 4 spear, 2 arch, 3 knight. Most numerous: spear 4, knight 3, arch 2. Spear is most numerous, so still counter. Attack: 4+4+12=20, effective 30. Overkill. But we use more troops than needed. We could leave the knights at Tarragona to defend or build.

But we want to capture both villages and have troops left to continue expanding. If we leave knights at Tarragona, they can be used later. Tarragona is safe, so we can leave them. But we might want to send them to Zaragoza to ensure we have a strong garrison there? The garrison after battle will be whatever survives. If we send a smaller army, we might lose fewer troops, but we'll still capture. After capture, we can build more.

Let's decide on a minimal force for each to conserve troops for later.

Castellon: send 2 archer, 1 spear. (Uses 2 arch, 1 spear)
Zaragoza: send 4 spear, 2 arch. (Uses 4 spear, 2 arch)
Total used: 5 spear, 4 arch. That uses all spear and arch, leaving 3 knight at Tarragona.

But wait: we have 5 spear. 1 to Castellon, 4 to Zaragoza = 5. Good. 4 arch: 2 to Castellon, 2 to Zaragoza = 4. Good. Knights: 3 stay at Tarragona.

Now check battles:

Castellon: attacker force: 1 spear, 2 arch. Most numerous: arch (2). Defender: 1 spear. Archer counters spearman -> attacker gets 1.5x. Attack: 1*1 + 2*2 = 5. Effective attack = 5 * 1.5 = 7.5. Defender defense = 3. Win. Losses: attacker takes losses against defender's effective force (3). We might lose some troops. Since we only sent 3, we might lose 1 or 2. But we win and capture.

Zaragoza: attacker force: 4 spear, 2 arch. Most numerous: spear (4). Defender: 2 knights. Spearman counters knight -> attacker gets 1.5x. Attack: 4*1 + 2*2 = 4+4=8. Effective attack = 8 * 1.5 = 12. Defender defense = 5. Win. Losses: against defense 5. We might lose some troops. We sent 6, so we'll have some left.

This is a very efficient use of troops. We keep the 3 knights at Tarragona for future.

Now, what about Barcelona? We have 2 spearman there. We can build 2 more this turn (ready turn 3). So on turn 3, Barcelona will have 4 spearman. We can then send them to Girona on turn 3 (arrive turn 4) to capture it. Or we could send them somewhere else? Girona is the only reachable neutral from Barcelona (since Tarragona is ours, but we could send to Tarragona to reinforce, but that's not capturing). So Girona is the target.

But wait: on turn 3, we will also have Castellon and Zaragoza with some troops. We can send those troops to attack further neutrals. For example, from Castellon, we can attack Valencia (16) or Teruel (13). From Zaragoza, we can attack Madrid (12), Teruel (13), Huesca (20), Pamplona (19). We should plan those moves.

Also, we have 3 knights at Tarragona. We can build more at Tarragona on turn 3 (since it will have resources). We can also send the knights to reinforce somewhere.

Let's outline turn 3 actions (to be decided next turn):
- At Barcelona: send 4 spearman to Girona (23). (1 turn)
- At Tarragona: build something (we have 3 knights, but we can build more). Send the 3 knights maybe to Zaragoza or Castellon to reinforce, or keep at Tarragona.
- At Castellon: send surviving troops to attack Valencia (16) or Teruel (13). Which one? Valencia is unexplored. Teruel is unexplored. We need to see what's there. We can send a small force to explore.
- At Zaragoza: send surviving troops to attack Teruel (13) or Madrid (12) or Huesca (20). Madrid might be heavily defended; we might want to attack a weaker one first. Teruel is unexplored, likely neutral with some troops. We can send a force there.

But we don't know the garrisons of unexplored villages. We'll have to wait until we can see them. On turn 3, we will be able to see villages connected to our new villages. So we can plan then.

For now, we just need to issue orders for turn 2.

So turn 2 orders:
- Build at Barcelona (22): 2 spearman.
- Move from Tarragona (21) to Castellon (18): 1 spear, 2 arch.
- Move from Tarragona (21) to Zaragoza (17): 4 spear, 2 arch.
- Keep 3 knights at Tarragona (do not move).
- Keep 2 spear at Barcelona (do not move).

But wait: we need to specify the movements. The troops we send are deducted from the village. So from Tarragona, we send 1 spear, 2 arch to Castellon, and 4 spear, 2 arch to Zaragoza. That totals 5 spear, 4 arch sent. The 3 knights remain at Tarragona. That's fine.

Now, check if we can send two armies from Tarragona. I'll assume yes. If the game doesn't allow it, we might get an error. But the JSON structure supports it.

Let's also consider: should we send the 2 spear from Barcelona to somewhere? They are not enough to win anywhere. We could send them to Tarragona to reinforce, but Tarragona already has 3 knights. If we send them to Tarragona, they would arrive next turn. Then Tarragona would have 2 spear, 3 knights. That might be useful. But we can also just keep them at Barcelona and build 2 more, so Barcelona has 4 next turn. If we send them away, Barcelona would have only the 2 new ones (ready turn 3). So on turn 3, Barcelona would have 2 spearman. That's weaker. So better to keep them at Barcelona.

What about building at Tarragona? Tarragona has 0 wood, 0 iron. It cannot build this turn. So we can't build there.

Now, let's write the plan and statement.

Plan: "This turn, build 2 spearman at Barcelona and keep the garrison there. Split Tarragona's army: send a small archer-led force to Castellon and a spearman-led force to Zaragoza, using counter bonuses to minimize losses. Leave the 3 knights at Tarragona. Next turn, capture Girona with Barcelona's reinforced army, and expand from Castellon and Zaragoza into Valencia, Teruel, and Madrid."

Statement: "I am launching a targeted offensive. Tarragona's troops will capture Castella and Zaragoza using counter tactics, while Barcelona builds for the push on Girona. I keep my knights in reserve at Tarragona."

Now, let's double-check the troop counts and ensure we are not exceeding what's available.

Tarragona available: 5 spear, 4 arch, 3 knight.
Send to Castellon: spear 1, arch 2. (leaves 4 spear, 2 arch, 3 knight)
Send to Zaragoza: spear 4, arch 2. (leaves 0 spear, 0 arch, 3 knight)
So after moves, Tarragona has 3 knight left. That matches.

Barcelona: originally 2 spear. Build 2 spear -> total 4 spear, but we only have 2 available to send now. We are not sending any from Barcelona this turn. So Barcelona will have 2 spear at home, and 2 under construction (ready next turn). The build order is separate.

Now, check resources: Barcelona has 30 wood, 40 iron. Building 2 spear costs 30 wood, 0 iron. So it can pay. After build, wood becomes 0, iron 40. Next turn, it will produce 30 wood, 20 iron, so wood 30, iron 60.

Now, what about the movement of troops from Tarragona: do we need to consider that the troops we send to Castellon and Zaragoza will arrive and fight on turn 3? Yes.

Now, let's consider the possibility that the enemy might do something. We don't see any enemy armies. They might be moving in the unexplored areas. But we have no information, so we just proceed.

Now, let's write the JSON.

We need to output exactly one JSON object.

Fields:
- build: array of objects with villageId, type, quantity.
- movements: array of objects with fromId, toId, troops (object with spearman, archer, knight).
- plan: string.
- statement: string.

Let's construct:

build: [ {"villageId": 22, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2} ]

movements: [
  {"fromId": 21, "toId": 18, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 2, "knight": 0}},
  {"fromId": 21, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 2, "knight": 0}}
]

Note: We can omit knight:0 or include it. The example includes all three. I'll include them as 0.

Plan: "Capture Castellon and Zaragoza this turn using counter-tactics from Tarragona. Build 2 spearman at Barcelona for the push on Girona next turn. After capturing these, expand to Valencia, Teruel, and Madrid to reach 18 villages."

Statement: "My armies from Tarragona are moving to capture Castellon and Zaragoza. I have sent a small archer group to Castellon and a larger spearman force to Zaragoza. Barcelona is building spearman for the assault on Girona."

Now, let's ensure the plan is under 600 characters. I'll count: "Capture Castellon and Zaragoza this turn using counter-tactics from Tarragona. Build 2 spearman at Barcelona for the push on Girona next turn. After capturing these, expand to Valencia, Teruel, and Madrid to reach 18 villages." That's about 200 characters. Fine.

Statement: "My armies from Tarragona are moving to capture Castellon and Zaragoza. I have sent a small archer group to Castellon and a larger spearman force to Zaragoza. Barcelona is building spearman for the assault on Girona." Fine.

Now, let's think if there's any reason to adjust. What about the 3 knights at Tarragona? Should we send them somewhere? We could send them to Zaragoza to reinforce, but we already have enough. If we send them, they might change the most numerous type? If we add 3 knights to the Zaragoza army, we have 4 spear, 2 arch, 3 knight. Most numerous is still spear (4), so counter still works. Attack becomes 4+4+12=20, effective 30. That's even better, but we use more troops. We might want to keep the knights at Tarragona to defend or to build a fast attack force later. Since Tarragona is safe, we can leave them. They will be available next turn to be sent anywhere. So leaving them is fine.

What about the 2 spear at Barcelona? We keep them. Next turn, Barcelona will have 4 spear (2 old + 2 new). We can send all 4 to Girona. That will win.

But wait: Girona's defense is 3. With 4 spear, attack 4, no counter (since defender spearman, attacker spearman). Effective attack 4 > 3. Win. We might lose some troops. But we capture.

Now, what about the fact that on turn 3, we will also have Castellon and Zaragoza with some troops. We need to decide what to do with them. But that's for next turn's orders. We don't need to specify now.

Now, let's consider if we should instead send the 2 spear from Barcelona to Girona this turn? As we said, they would lose. So no.

What if we send the 2 spear from Barcelona to Castellon? They would take 2 turns (Barcelona->Tarragona->Castellon). They would arrive on turn 4. Not helpful for capturing on turn 3.

What if we send the 2 spear from Barcelona to Zaragoza? Same, 2 turns.

So keeping them at Barcelona is best.

Now, let's double-check the travel times: from Tarragona to Castellon: 1 turn. Tarragona to Zaragoza: 1 turn. So both armies arrive at the start of turn 3. The battles are resolved, and if we win, we capture the villages on turn 3. Then on turn 3, we can issue orders from those villages.

Now, one more thing: the rule "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." Our armies are going directly to Castellon and Zaragoza, which are the first non-friendly villages on their paths. So they stop and fight there. Good.

Now, let's consider the possibility that the enemy has armies on the road. The report says "ENEMY (only what your watchmen can see): - none sighted". So no enemy armies visible. They might be in unexplored areas, but they won't intercept our armies because they are on different roads? Our armies are moving to Castellon and Zaragoza. The enemy would have to be on those roads to intercept. We don't see any, so we assume clear.

Now, let's write the final JSON.

I'll include the build and movements as described.

But wait: The plan from last turn said: "Capture Tarragona (21) with my full army now, then Girona (23) next turn." We have already captured Tarragona. The plan now should be updated. I'll write a new plan.

Let's make sure the JSON is valid. The fields should be in the order: build, movements, plan, statement. The instructions say: "Reply with ONE valid JSON object and nothing else - no text before or after it." So we output only the JSON.

Now, let's produce the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":21,"destinoId":18,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":21,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":0}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO envio [21]->[18]: 1S+2A (alvo neutra lanceiro)
ACEITO envio [21]->[17]: 4S+2A (alvo neutra cavaleiro)
plano (volta no proximo prompt): This turn, build 2 spearman at Barcelona and keep the garrison there. Split Tarragona's army: send a small archer-led force to Castellon (using the counter bonus) and a spearman-led force to Zaragoza (also with counter). Leave the 3 knights at Tarragona as a reserve. Next turn, use Barcelona's reinforced 4 spearman to take Girona, while the newly captured Castellon and Zaragoza launch attacks into Valencia, Teruel, and Madrid. Continue building troops to reach 18 villages.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): I have ordered a coordinated strike. Tarragona's troops are splitting to capture Castellon and Zaragoza, exploiting the counter triangle to minimize losses. Barcelona is building spearman for the assault on Girona, and my knights remain at Tarragona as a rapid reaction force. This expansion will bring me to five villages by next turn.
COMBATE [21] Tarragona: atacante B Fatk=25 (ef 38) Fdef=2 (ef 3) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~1
COMBATE [1] Santarem: atacante A Fatk=5 (ef 8) Fdef=2 (ef 3) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~1
COMBATE [2] Evora: atacante A Fatk=8 (ef 12) Fdef=2 (ef 3) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~1
placar: A 3 ald/tropas 13 | B 2 ald/tropas 5 | neutras 19 | transito 2 (A 0 | B 2)

########## TURNO 3 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 2646 | resposta 25062 | raciocinio 23683 | finish stop | ms 300880
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 1, \"toId\": 3, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 0, \"toId\": 1, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 3}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"We are attacking Coimbra with Santarem's spearmen to expand. We are building knights in Lisboa and spearmen in Santarem and Evora to strengthen our forces. We are sending reinforcements from Lisboa to Santarem. Next turn, we will assess the battle and decide whether to push north or attack Badajoz. We must explore from Coimbra. We decided not to attack Faro yet to build up a mixed army with spearmen.\",\n  \"statement\": \"My armies march on Coimbra to claim it for the crown. My craftsmen forge new weapons to strengthen our ranks. Reinforcements rush to support our vanguard. The kingdom expands!\"\n}"
raciocinio: We need to output a JSON object with "build", "movements", "plan", "statement". The user is King A, with 3 villages: Lisboa (0), Santarem (1), Evora (2). Currently hold 3 of 24 villages. Goal: hold at least 18 for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. We need to expand.

We have resources: each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. Current resources: Lisboa wood 60, iron 60; Santarem wood 30, iron 20; Evora wood 30, iron 20. Troops at home: Lisboa 5 (2 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight) - wait, it says "troops at home: 5 / 300" and "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight". That sums to 5. But earlier it said TOTAL: 13 soldiers at home (6 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight) + 0 marching. So Lisboa has 5 troops: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight? But total spearman is 6, archer 4, knight 3. Santarem: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. Evora: 0 spearman, 4 archer, 0 knight. So Lisboa must have 2 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight = 5. But total spearman = 2+4+0=6, archer = 0+0+4=4, knight = 3+0+0=3. Yes.

We can build troops. Costs: spearman 15 wood, 0 iron; archer 20 wood, 10 iron; knight 30 wood, 30 iron. Each village builds from its own stock. We can order builds. Also we can send troops to attack neutral villages or reinforce.

We see neutral villages: Coimbra (3) with 1 spearman, defense 3; Badajoz (4) with 2 knights, defense 5; Faro (5) with 2 knights, defense 5. March distances: from Santarem to Coimbra or Badajoz: 1 slow/medium/fast turn. From Evora to Faro: 1 turn. From Lisboa to Santarem and Evora are connected but they are ours.

We need to expand. We can attack neutral villages to capture them. Each village we hold produces resources and can build troops. We need to eventually hold 18 villages. The enemy capital is Barcelona (22), but we don't need to take it to win. However, we need to eliminate every enemy village or hold 18 for 2 turns. We don't know where enemy villages are except Barcelona. There are many unexplored villages. We need to explore and conquer.

Current turn: we can send troops. We have no armies marching. We can build troops. Let's think about strategy.

We have limited resources. Lisboa has 60 wood, 60 iron. It can build knights: 30 wood, 30 iron each. It could build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) but then no iron left. Or build spearman: 15 wood each, could build 4 spearman (60 wood) but iron not used. Or archers: 20 wood, 10 iron, could build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) leaving 30 iron. Santarem has 30 wood, 20 iron: can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 10 iron? Actually 20 wood, 10 iron, so 1 archer uses 20 wood, 10 iron, leaving 10 wood, 10 iron. Or 1 knight needs 30 wood, 30 iron, not enough. Evora has 30 wood, 20 iron: can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 10 iron; or 2 spearman (30 wood) but no iron; or no knight.

We also need to consider that villages have a cap of 300 troops. Currently low.

We need to capture neutral villages to increase our population and resources. Coimbra has 1 spearman, defense 3. We can attack it from Santarem. Santarem has 4 spearman available. If we send all 4 spearman, attack power: spearman attack 1 each, total 4. Defender: 1 spearman, defense 2, but location bonus: village defense counts x1.25? The effective defense given is 3, which already includes location bonus. So effective defense 3. Our attack 4 vs defense 3, we win. But we need to consider counter triangle? Spearman vs spearman: no counter bonus. The most numerous type is spearman (all). So no bonus. We have 4 attack vs 3 defense, we win. Losses: winner takes losses against loser's effective force. Our effective force 4, theirs 3, so we lose some troops? The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So we would lose some troops. How many? Probably proportional. We need to see exact mechanics, but we can assume we'll lose some. But we can reinforce later.

Alternatively, we could send from Lisboa to reinforce Santarem or attack elsewhere. But Lisboa is connected only to Santarem and Evora. So to attack Coimbra, we must go through Santarem. But we can send troops from Lisboa to Santarem to reinforce, then next turn attack. But simultaneous orders: we can send from Lisboa to Santarem, and from Santarem to Coimbra. But the troops from Lisboa will take time to march. March from Lisboa to Santarem: distance? Road network: Lisboa [0] to Santarem [1] is direct. What is the travel time? Not given explicitly. We need to infer from the report. The report says "march from [1] Santarem: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Coimbra. So from Santarem to Coimbra is 1 turn for any speed. From Lisboa to Santarem is probably also 1 turn? Not specified. But we can see that villages connected directly likely have similar distance. We might assume 1 turn. But we need to be careful: the report only gives march distances for visible villages. For Lisboa to Santarem, it's not given but likely 1 turn as well. However, we can order movements from any of our villages to any other village. We can send troops from Lisboa to Santarem, and from Santarem to Coimbra. They will move simultaneously. But the troops from Lisboa will arrive at Santarem after some turns, and then they could be used later. But for this turn, the attack on Coimbra will only use troops starting at Santarem.

We also have Evora and Faro. Faro has 2 knights, defense 5. We have 4 archers at Evora. Archer vs knight: archer attack 2, knight defense 2. No counter bonus (archer vs knight? Knight counters archer? Actually knight counters archer: spearman counters knight, archer counters spearman, knight counters archer. So knight counters archer. So if we send archers against knights, the knights have the counter bonus? The rule: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counts knight; archer counts spearman; knight counts archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So if the defender is knights, and we are archers, then the defender has the counter? Actually the counter is for the attacker? The phrasing: "spearman counters knight; archer counts spearman; knight counts archer." It says "counts" meaning the attacker's type counts the defender's type? Usually the attacker's type that counters the defender's type gets a bonus. Let's read: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counts knight; archer counts spearman; knight counts archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So if you attack with spearman against knight, your force is multiplied by 1.5. If you attack with archer against spearman, your force x1.5. If you attack with knight against archer, your force x1.5. So it's attacker's advantage. So if we attack with archers against knights, archer does not counter knight; knight counters archer, so the defender would have the counter? The rule says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't specify attacker or defender. It says "your force" meaning the side that has the counter. So if the attacker's type is countered by the defender's type, then the defender gets the bonus? Actually, typical interpretation: if attacker's most numerous type is weak against defender's most numerous type, defender gets bonus. But the rule says "spearman counts knight" meaning spearman is effective against knight. So if attacker has spearman and defender has knight, attacker gets bonus. If attacker has knight and defender has archer, attacker gets bonus. So it's attacker-oriented. So if we attack with archers and defender has knights, then defender has knights which counter archers? Wait, knight counters archer: so if defender has knights and attacker has archers, then the defender's knights counter the attacker's archers, so defender would get the bonus? The rule says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't say only attacker. So if the defender's type counters the attacker's type, defender gets the bonus. But the rule might be ambiguous. Let's check the phrase: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counts knight; archer counts spearman; knight counts archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't specify who gets it. In many games, the attacker gets the bonus if their troop type counters the defender's. But it says "spearman counts knight" which could be read as "spearman is strong against knight", so if you have spearman attacking knight, you get bonus. If you have knight defending against spearman, does knight get bonus? It says "counts" which might mean "is effective against". So likely the unit that has the advantage gets the multiplier. So if attacker has spearman and defender has knight, attacker gets 1.5x. If attacker has knight and defender has archer, attacker gets 1.5x. If attacker has archer and defender has spearman, attacker gets 1.5x. So the counter is always from the attacker's perspective? But then what if defender has the counter? The rule doesn't mention defender getting bonus. It says "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So we compare the most numerous type of attacker and defender. If attacker's most numerous counters defender's most numerous, attacker gets 1.5x. If defender's most numerous counters attacker's most numerous, does defender get 1.5x? The rule doesn't say. It only says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So if the defender's type counters the attacker's, then the defender "has the counter" and gets 1.5x. That would be symmetric. But then the phrase "spearman counts knight" could be interpreted as "spearman is effective against knight", so if you have spearman and your opponent has knight, you have the counter. So it's not one-sided. So we need to determine who gets the bonus based on the matchup. Typically, if A counters B, then A gets the bonus when fighting B. So if attacker has A and defender has B, attacker gets bonus. If attacker has B and defender has A, defender gets bonus. So the bonus applies to the side that has the unit that is strong against the opponent's unit. So we need to check the most numerous types.

In the case of attacking Faro (2 knights) with archers (4 archers). Attacker most numerous: archer. Defender most numerous: knight. Does archer counter knight? No, knight counters archer. So defender has the counter (knight counters archer). So defender gets 1.5x force multiplier? That would make defense even higher. Effective defense of Faro is 5 (including location bonus). If defender gets 1.5x, effective defense becomes 7.5. Our attack is 4 archers * attack 2 = 8. So 8 vs 7.5, we might win but close. But we need to consider that the effective defense given already includes location bonus (village x1.25). Does it include counter bonus? The report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 5". It does not include counter bonus. So we need to apply counter bonus if applicable. So if defender gets counter bonus, we multiply their force by 1.5. So defense becomes 5 * 1.5 = 7.5. Our attack is 8. So we win, but we take losses.

Alternatively, we could send a mix. But we have limited troops.

We also need to consider that we can build new troops. We should build troops to increase our army. Since we have wood and iron, we can build. Let's decide on a build order.

We need to expand quickly. We have 3 villages. We can capture Coimbra, Badajoz, Faro. Coimbra is weak (1 spearman, defense 3). We can take it with Santarem's 4 spearmen. But we might lose some. We could reinforce Santarem from Lisboa first. Lisboa has 2 spearman, 3 knights. We could send knights from Lisboa to Santarem. Knights are fast, so they arrive quickly. But if we send them to Santarem, they will march and arrive. We can also build troops in Lisboa. Lisboa has 60 wood, 60 iron. It can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) or 4 spearmen (60 wood) or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Since we need to attack, maybe we build knights because they are fast and strong. But they cost iron. We also need iron for archers later. Let's think about the economy: each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. So Lisboa produces 30 wood, 20 iron. With 60 wood, 60 iron, it's already stocked. If we build, we use up stock. Next turn, it will produce again.

We could build 2 knights in Lisboa, then send them to Santarem to reinforce, then next turn attack Coimbra with combined forces. But we need to consider that the enemy might also be moving. We don't see any enemy armies. The enemy capital is Barcelona, far away. They might be building and moving. We need to be cautious.

Alternatively, we could attack Coimbra immediately with Santarem's 4 spearmen. We would likely win, capture Coimbra, and then it becomes ours. That gives us 4 villages. Then we can build there. Coimbra has no resources yet? When we capture it, it will have its own production? The rules: "Each village you hold produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn." So if we capture it, next turn it will produce. Also it may have some troops? We capture the village, but the garrison? The rules: when you attack and win, you take the village. What happens to the defender's troops? They are destroyed? The rule: "The losing army is destroyed entirely; the winner takes losses and keeps marching." But that's for open field. For village attack, the defender's garrison is defeated, and we capture the village. We probably need to send troops to occupy it. After capture, we can send troops to garrison it. The report says "troops at home" for each village. So after capture, we can send troops from there or leave some.

Let's plan: Turn 3 (current). We can order builds and movements. Since we have no marching armies, we can send troops now. Let's send from Santarem to Coimbra: 4 spearmen. That will attack Coimbra. We need to specify troops: {"spearman": 4, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}. From Santarem (1) to Coimbra (3). Also we can build in Lisboa and Santarem and Evora.

But we also need to consider that we might want to send troops from Lisboa to Santarem to reinforce for future attacks. If we send them now, they will march and arrive next turn? Travel time: from Lisboa to Santarem is probably 1 turn (since they are connected directly and the report shows similar distances). So if we send from Lisboa to Santarem this turn, they will arrive at the end of this turn? The rules: "Marching takes turns, and during those turns the enemy keeps building and moving." So if we send troops, they will be on the march for some number of turns. The report gives march times: "march from [1] Santarem: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Coimbra. So from Santarem to Coimbra takes 1 turn for any speed. That implies that the distance is 1 turn. So if we send from Lisboa to Santarem, it might also be 1 turn. But we need to check the road network: Lisboa [0] to Santarem [1] is a direct road. It's likely 1 turn as well. But we don't have explicit info. We can assume it's 1 turn. However, we can also send from Lisboa to Evora (1 turn). We need to be careful: if we send troops from Lisboa to Santarem, they will be on the march during this turn, and they will arrive at Santarem at the start of next turn? Or at the end of this turn? The orders are simultaneous. So if we order a march from Lisboa to Santarem, and also an attack from Santarem to Coimbra, the troops from Lisboa will not participate in the Coimbra attack because they are still marching. They will join Santarem after the attack? The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if we send from Lisboa to Santarem, they will arrive at Santarem at some point. But if we also send from Santarem to Coimbra, those troops leave Santarem. The reinforcements from Lisboa will arrive at Santarem after the attack? Actually, the order is simultaneous: we specify movements. The game processes them. Typically, troops that are ordered to move from A to B will leave A and travel. Troops that are at A at the start of the turn are the ones that can be ordered to move. If we order some troops from A to B and some from A to C, they both leave. If we order troops from A to B and from C to A, the ones from C to A will arrive at A at the end of the march, while the ones from A to B leave at the start. So they don't combine. So for this turn, the attack on Coimbra will only use troops that start at Santarem. So sending reinforcements from Lisboa to Santarem this turn won't help the Coimbra attack. They will arrive at Santarem next turn (if 1 turn march). Then next turn we can use them.

So we could do both: send 4 spearman from Santarem to Coimbra, and send some troops from Lisboa to Santarem to replace the lost ones and reinforce. But we need to decide what to send from Lisboa. Lisboa has 2 spearman, 3 knights. We could send the 3 knights to Santarem. Knights are fast, so they march in 1 turn (fast). They will arrive next turn. Or we could send 2 spearman. But we might want to keep some troops for defense? Our villages are interior, no enemy border, so no immediate threat. But we might want to keep some troops to defend against unexpected attacks. However, we need to expand.

Also, we can build new troops. Lisboa can build. Let's consider building knights in Lisboa because they are valuable. But we need to think about the counter triangle. If we attack neutral villages, they have knights. Knights are strong against archers. We have archers at Evora. We might want to use archers against spearman, but we don't have spearman neutrals nearby. Coimbra has spearman. So archers would be good against Coimbra? Archer vs spearman: archer counters spearman, so attacker (archer) gets 1.5x bonus. So if we attack Coimbra with archers, we would have 4 archers from Evora? But Evora is not connected directly to Coimbra. Evora is connected to Lisboa and Faro. To get from Evora to Coimbra, we'd have to go through Lisboa and Santarem, which takes multiple turns. So we can't attack Coimbra from Evora in one turn. We could send archers from Evora to Lisboa, then next turn to Santarem, then next to Coimbra. That's slow. Better to use Santarem's spearmen for Coimbra.

What about Badajoz? It has 2 knights, defense 5. It's connected to Santarem and Evora? Road: Badajoz [4] connects to Santarem [1], Faro [5], Salamanca [7], Toledo [8], Sevilha [9]. So from Santarem, we can attack Badajoz. From Evora, we can attack Faro, and Faro connects to Badajoz? Faro [5] connects to Evora [2], Badajoz [4], Sevilha [9]. So from Evora we can attack Faro, and from Faro we could attack Badajoz, but that's two steps.

We need to decide which neutral to attack first. Coimbra is weakest (1 spearman, defense 3). Badajoz has 2 knights, defense 5. Faro has 2 knights, defense 5. So Coimbra is the easiest. Let's take Coimbra with Santarem's 4 spearmen. We'll likely win, but we'll take losses. After capture, we can send some troops to garrison it. We can also build there next turn.

But we also have Evora with 4 archers. We could send them to attack Faro? Faro has 2 knights, defense 5. Archer vs knight: knight counters archer, so defender gets 1.5x? Let's calculate: attacker: 4 archers, attack 2 each = 8. Defender: 2 knights, defense 2 each? But effective defense is given as 5 (including location bonus). That's the total effective defense. If defender gets counter bonus (knight counters archer), then defender's force is multiplied by 1.5. So effective defense becomes 5 * 1.5 = 7.5. Our attack 8 vs 7.5, we win by a small margin. But we take losses. Alternatively, we could send from Evora to Faro, but we might lose. We could instead send from Evora to reinforce Lisboa or something.

Maybe we should build more troops before attacking. We can build in Santarem: it has 30 wood, 20 iron. It can build 2 spearmen (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). If we build 2 spearmen, we'll have 6 spearmen at Santarem (4 existing + 2 new). Then we could attack Coimbra with 6 spearmen, which would be even more overwhelming. But building takes 1 turn: "ready in 1 turn." That means they are ready at the start of the next turn? The rules: "spearman: costs 15 wood + 0 iron, ready in 1 turn." So if we order a build this turn, the troops will be available next turn. So we cannot use them this turn for an attack. So if we want to attack this turn, we can only use existing troops. If we build, we can attack next turn with more.

We need to consider the turn order. The game gives us a snapshot. We can issue orders for this turn. The orders are simultaneous. So we can order builds and movements. The builds will complete at the start of next turn? Or at the end of this turn? Typically, "ready in 1 turn" means they are ready after this turn, so they can be used in the next turn's orders. So if we build now, they will be available for next turn's movements. So we can build this turn, and next turn send them.

So we have two options: attack now with existing troops, or build and attack next turn. Since we have no immediate enemy threat, we can afford to build first. But we want to expand quickly. Also, neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type. So Coimbra currently has 1 spearman, but in 5 turns it will gain more. So we should attack sooner rather than later.

Let's check the "stable for 2 turns" note: Coimbra says "stable for 2 turns". That might mean its garrison won't increase for 2 turns? Actually, it says "effective defense (location bonus included): 3 (stable for 2 turns)". Probably means the defense is stable for 2 turns, i.e., it won't change due to the hardening? Or maybe it means the village is stable and won't rebel? Not sure. But we can attack now.

I think a good strategy is to attack Coimbra now with Santarem's 4 spearmen, while building more troops in Lisboa and Santarem for next turn. Also, we can send some troops from Lisboa to Santarem to reinforce after the attack. But we need to consider that after capturing Coimbra, we might want to send some troops to garrison it. We can send from Santarem to Coimbra after capture? Actually, the attack will happen this turn. If we win, Coimbra becomes ours at the end of the turn? Or at the start of next turn? The rules: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there... The winner also takes losses... The losing army is destroyed entirely; the winner takes losses and keeps marching." Wait, that's for armies on the march. If we order an attack on a village, we send troops to that village. They will fight the garrison. If they win, they capture the village. Do they stay there or continue? The order is to move to that village. They will stop there because it's the destination. After winning, they are at the village. The village becomes ours. The troops that attacked are now at that village? They might have taken losses. So they will be at the village as a garrison. So we don't need to send separate garrison; the surviving troops become the garrison. So if we send 4 spearmen, they will fight, win, and the survivors will be at Coimbra. So Coimbra will have some troops. Then next turn we can build there.

So let's plan:
- Build in Lisboa: maybe 2 knights? Or 4 spearmen? We need to think about future attacks. We have iron, we might want to build knights for speed and power. But knights are weak against spearman? Actually, knight counters archer, but is weak against spearman. We don't know what we'll face. We might want a balanced army. But we have limited resources. Let's build 2 knights in Lisboa (cost 60 wood, 60 iron). That uses all wood and iron. Then Lisboa will have 0 wood, 0 iron, but next turn it will produce 30 wood, 20 iron. We can also build in Santarem: build 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood) using all wood. Santarem will have 0 wood, but iron 20 left. Or build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 10 iron. Since we need to replace losses, maybe build spearmen because they are cheap. But we also need to consider that we have archers at Evora. We could build more archers there. Evora has 30 wood, 20 iron. Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 10 iron. Or build 2 spearmen (30 wood) but we already have 4 archers there, adding spearmen might be good for mixing. But we need to decide.

We also need to send troops. Let's send from Santarem to Coimbra: 4 spearmen. That will attack Coimbra. We'll likely win. We might also send from Lisboa to Santarem some troops to reinforce Santarem after it loses troops. But if we send from Lisboa this turn, they will be on the march and arrive next turn. So we can send, say, 2 spearmen from Lisboa to Santarem. Or send the 3 knights. But if we send knights, they are fast, so they arrive next turn. That would give Santarem a strong force. But we might want to keep knights for later. Let's think about the overall map. We need to expand west and north. Coimbra is north of Santarem. From Coimbra, we can go to Porto [6] and Salamanca [7]. Those are unexplored. They might be neutral or enemy. We need to explore. So after taking Coimbra, we can send troops from Coimbra to explore Porto and Salamanca. But we need to build up forces.

Another option: attack Badajoz instead. Badajoz has 2 knights, defense 5. It's connected to Santarem. If we attack with 4 spearmen? Spear vs knight: spearman counters knight, so attacker gets 1.5x bonus. Our attack: 4 spearmen * attack 1 = 4, with bonus 4 * 1.5 = 6. Defender effective defense 5 (including location). So 6 vs 5, we win. But we need to check if defender gets any bonus? Defender is knight, attacker is spearman. Spearman counters knight, so attacker has the counter, attacker gets 1.5x. So our effective attack is 6. Their defense is 5. We win. But we might take losses. Compared to Coimbra: 4 spearmen vs 1 spearman, defense 3, no counter (spearman vs spearman), attack 4 vs defense 3, we win with less losses probably. So Coimbra is easier.

But Badajoz is also a village. If we take it, we get a village that connects to many places: to Faro, Salamanca, Toledo, Sevilha. That might be strategically important. However, it has 2 knights, so defense 5. We could attack it with a mix. We have 4 archers at Evora, but they are far. We could send from Santarem a mix of spearmen and maybe archers? But we don't have archers at Santarem. We could build an archer at Santarem this turn, but it won't be ready for this turn's attack. So we can only use existing troops.

Let's consider the resources: we have 3 villages. We need to grow. I think taking Coimbra is the safest first step. Then we can use Coimbra to explore north. Also, we can send troops from Evora to Faro? Let's check Faro: 2 knights, defense 5. From Evora, we have 4 archers. As calculated, attack 8 vs defense 7.5 (if defender gets counter). But wait, does defender get counter? Attacker most numerous: archer. Defender most numerous: knight. Knight counters archer, so defender has the counter. So defender's force is multiplied by 1.5. So effective defense becomes 5 * 1.5 = 7.5. Our attack 8. So we win by 0.5. That's very close. We might win but with heavy losses. Actually, the rule: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER." So 8 > 7.5, we win. But we take losses: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So our losses will be proportional to the loser's effective force. Loser's effective force is 7.5? Or is it the defender's force before multiplier? The rule says "attrition against the loser's effective force." So we compare our effective force to theirs. Our effective force is 8 (no multiplier because we don't have counter). Theirs is 7.5. We lose some troops. How many? Probably we lose a number of troops equal to something like (their effective force / our effective force) * our troops? Not specified exactly. But we can assume we'll lose some archers. If we lose too many, we might not have enough to hold Faro. But we can send reinforcements later.

Alternatively, we could attack Faro with a mix that includes some spearmen? But we only have archers at Evora. We could send from Lisboa to Evora to reinforce, but that takes time.

Maybe we should focus on Coimbra first, then build up.

Let's decide on orders for this turn.

I propose:
- Build in Lisboa: 2 knights (cost 60 wood, 60 iron). This uses all resources, but gives us fast troops.
- Build in Santarem: 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood). This uses all wood, gives more infantry.
- Build in Evora: 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron). This uses some resources, gives more archers.
- Movement: from Santarem to Coimbra: 4 spearmen. Attack Coimbra.
- Movement: from Lisboa to Santarem: maybe send 2 spearmen? Or send the 3 knights? But if we build 2 knights in Lisboa, they won't be ready this turn; they'll be ready next turn. So we can't send them this turn. We can only send existing troops. Lisboa currently has 2 spearman, 3 knight. We could send some to Santarem. But if we send them, they'll be on march. We might want to keep some for defense? Since our villages are interior, no enemy border, we can safely send all troops. But we need to leave some for future. Let's send from Lisboa to Santarem: 3 knights. They are fast, will arrive next turn. That reinforces Santarem with knights. Then Santarem will have knights for future attacks. Also, we could send the 2 spearmen from Lisboa to somewhere else? Maybe to Evora? But Evora has archers. Or we could send them to Lisboa to wait? Actually, we can send them to Santarem as well. But if we send all, Lisboa will have no troops. That's fine because it's interior and no enemy nearby. But we might want to keep some in Lisboa in case of unexpected attack? The enemy is far, so probably safe.

But we need to consider that after we attack Coimbra, Santarem will have fewer troops (the 4 spearmen will be sent and may die). So sending reinforcements from Lisboa to Santarem is good to replenish. So let's send from Lisboa to Santarem: 2 spearman and 3 knight? That's all 5 troops. But we might want to keep 1 knight for something? No, let's send all to Santarem. Then Santarem will have reinforcements next turn.

But wait: if we send all troops from Lisboa, Lisboa will be empty. Is that a problem? The village still produces resources. It can still receive reinforcements later. But if an enemy attacks it, it would be undefended. However, no enemy is nearby. So it's safe.

Alternatively, we could send from Lisboa to Coimbra directly? But Coimbra is not connected to Lisboa. The road from Lisboa goes to Santarem and Evora. So to attack Coimbra, we must go through Santarem. So we can only attack Coimbra from Santarem.

What about Evora? We have 4 archers there. We could send them to attack Faro. But as calculated, it's risky. We could send them to Lisboa to reinforce, then later go to Santarem. But that's slow. Maybe we should just keep them in Evora for now, or send them to Faro? Let's think about the bigger picture. We need to eventually get 18 villages. We have 3, we need 15 more. There are many unexplored villages. We need to explore and conquer. We should split our forces to expand in multiple directions. We have Santarem leading north to Coimbra, and Evora leading south to Faro. We could attack both simultaneously. If we attack Coimbra with Santarem's spearmen and Faro with Evora's archers, we might capture both. That would give us 5 villages. But the Faro attack is close; we might win but with losses. If we lose too many archers, we might be weak. But we can build more.

Let's calculate the Faro attack more precisely. Evora: 4 archers. Attack power: each archer attack 2, total 8. No spearman or knight, so most numerous is archer. Defender: Faro has 2 knights. Effective defense given: 5 (includes location bonus). The defender's most numerous is knight. Knight counters archer, so defender has the counter. Does the defender get a 1.5x multiplier? The rule: "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So defender's force is multiplied by 1.5. So their effective defense becomes 5 * 1.5 = 7.5. Our attack is 8. So we win by 0.5. But we also need to consider that the attacker might get a counter if applicable? No, archer does not counter knight. So only defender gets bonus. So we win. But then we take losses. The losses are based on attrition against the loser's effective force. The loser's effective force is 7.5. Our effective force is 8. So we lose some troops. How many? The rule doesn't specify exact formula. It might be that we lose a number of troops equal to the difference? Or proportional? In many games, losses are a percentage. We can assume we'll lose some archers. If we lose, say, 2 archers, we'd have 2 left. Then Faro would have 2 archers as garrison. That's weak. We could then send reinforcements from Evora or Lisboa next turn. But Evora would be empty if we sent all 4. So we might want to send only some archers, or send a mix.

But we can also build in Evora this turn: 1 archer (or more). If we build 1 archer, next turn we'll have 5 archers. But we can't use them this turn. So if we attack Faro this turn with 4 archers, we might win but lose some. Next turn we can send more.

Alternatively, we could wait and build first. But the neutral villages harden every 5 turns. We are on turn 3. They are stable for 2 turns according to the report? It says "stable for 2 turns" for Coimbra, Badajoz, Faro. That might mean they won't harden for 2 turns. So we have time.

I think a balanced approach: attack Coimbra with Santarem's 4 spearmen (likely win with few losses). Build in all villages to increase troop production. Send reinforcements from Lisboa to Santarem. And maybe send from Evora to Faro? Let's decide on Evora. We could send 2 archers to Faro, keeping 2 for defense. But if we send 2, attack power 4, vs defense 7.5, we lose badly. So we need to send enough to win. If we send all 4, we win but maybe lose 2-3. If we send 3, attack 6 vs 7.5, we lose. So we must send at least 4 to win. So if we attack Faro, we should send all 4. But then Evora is empty. We can build in Evora this turn, so next turn it will have new troops. But if we send all 4, they will be on march for 1 turn. They will arrive at Faro at the end of this turn? Actually, march from Evora to Faro is 1 turn. So they will arrive next turn? The rules: "Marching takes turns". If we order a march this turn, the troops leave and travel. They will arrive at the start of the next turn? Or during? Typically, in such games, if it takes 1 turn, they arrive at the end of the turn, so they can participate in the battle at the destination at the same turn? The report says "march from [1] Santarem: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That suggests that if you order a march, it takes that many turns to arrive. So if you order a 1-turn march, they will arrive next turn. So the attack happens next turn. Wait, but the order is simultaneous. So if we order a march from Santarem to Coimbra, the troops will march for 1 turn and then fight? Or do they fight immediately? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So they march and then fight when they reach the village. If it takes 1 turn to march, they would fight at the end of that turn? But the turn is the same for all orders. Usually, in these games, when you issue a movement order, the troops move and fight in the same turn if the destination is within one move. The report gives march times, but it might be that the attack happens in the same turn if the distance is 1. Let's read carefully: "Marching takes turns, and during those turns the enemy keeps building and moving. The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival." This implies that if you send troops, they take time to arrive, and during that time, the enemy can do things. So if you send troops to a village that is 1 turn away, they will arrive next turn, and the defense might have changed. So the attack happens next turn. So if we send troops this turn, they will arrive and fight next turn. That means we cannot capture a village this turn; we can only start marches that will result in attacks next turn. But wait, the report says "march from [1] Santarem: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That is the travel time. So if we order a march from Santarem to Coimbra now, the troops will leave Santarem and arrive at Coimbra in 1 turn. So they will be on the march during this turn. Next turn, they will arrive and fight. So the attack happens next turn. But the problem says "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." So we are reading the snapshot of turn 3. We write orders. The enemy writes orders. Then turn 3 progresses: troops march, builds happen, etc. Then turn 4 begins, and we get a new snapshot. So if we order a march of 1 turn, the troops will arrive at the destination at the start of turn 4? Or at the end of turn 3? The phrasing "ready in 1 turn" for builds means they are ready next turn. So likely, marches also take that many turns to complete, meaning they arrive at the start of the next turn after the march. So if we order a march on turn 3 with 1 turn travel, they will arrive at turn 4. So the battle will occur on turn 4. That means the defense we see now (turn 3) is not the defense they will have on arrival. The report warns: "The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival." So we need to expect that the defense might increase if the enemy builds or if the village hardens. But for neutral villages, they harden every 5 turns. So Coimbra's defense might stay the same for a while.

So if we attack Coimbra now, the attack will happen next turn. So we need to decide whether to send troops now to arrive next turn, or wait and build first. Since we can build this turn, and the new troops will be ready next turn, we could send them next turn along with the marching troops? Actually, if we build this turn, they are ready next turn. Then next turn we can order them to march. So they would arrive the turn after. So building first delays the attack by one turn. But if we send existing troops now, they will arrive next turn and attack. So we can attack next turn with the troops we have now. If we build this turn, we can add those new troops to the marching force next turn, so they would arrive in two turns. So it's a trade-off: attack sooner with fewer troops, or later with more.

Given that Coimbra is weak (1 spearman, defense 3), our 4 spearmen should be enough to win even without reinforcements. So we can send them now, attack next turn, and we'll likely win. Then we can use the captured village to build and expand.

What about the other villages? We could also send troops from Evora to Faro now, so they arrive next turn and attack. That would be simultaneous attacks on two fronts. That might be good because we can expand faster. But we need to consider that we might not have enough troops to hold both if we take heavy losses. But we can always send reinforcements later from our other villages.

Let's decide: we will send 4 spearmen from Santarem to Coimbra. We will send 4 archers from Evora to Faro. We will build in Lisboa: 2 knights (uses all wood and iron). Build in Santarem: 2 spearmen (uses all wood). Build in Evora: 1 archer (uses 20 wood, 10 iron). We will also send reinforcements from Lisboa to Santarem: send the 2 spearmen and 3 knights? But if we send them now, they will march to Santarem and arrive next turn. That would reinforce Santarem after the attack on Coimbra? Actually, the attack on Coimbra happens next turn. The reinforcements from Lisboa will also arrive next turn. Will they arrive before or after the battle? They are marching to Santarem, while the Santarem troops are marching to Coimbra. They are separate. The reinforcements will arrive at Santarem next turn. The attack on Coimbra will happen at Coimbra next turn. So they don't interact. But after the attack, the surviving troops from Santarem will be at Coimbra. So Santarem might be left with fewer troops. The reinforcements from Lisboa will arrive at Santarem, so they can garrison it. That's good.

But we need to specify the troops from Lisboa to Santarem. Lisboa currently has 2 spearman, 3 knight. We can send all of them. But we might want to keep some in Lisboa for future builds? Actually, troops at home can be used for future attacks. If we send them all, Lisboa will have no troops, but it can still build new ones next turn. So it's fine.

What about sending from Lisboa to Evora? Evora is sending all 4 archers to Faro, so it will be empty. We could send some troops from Lisboa to Evora to reinforce it. But Lisboa is connected to Evora. We could send, say, the 3 knights to Evora instead of Santarem. But then Santarem would have no reinforcements. We need to think about which front is more important. Coimbra is easier, so we might not need heavy reinforcements. Faro is tougher, so we might want to reinforce Evora after the attack. But if we send knights to Evora, they can then go to Faro later? Actually, if we send knights to Evora, they arrive next turn. Then next turn we could send them from Evora to Faro to reinforce the attack? But the attack on Faro will already have happened (the 4 archers we sent now will arrive and fight next turn). If we send knights to Evora now, they will arrive next turn, but the archers will already be at Faro fighting. So the knights can't join that battle because they are at Evora. They could be sent from Evora to Faro the following turn (turn 5) to reinforce, but by then the battle might be over. So it's better to send reinforcements to the village that will need them after the attack. Since Santarem is sending all its able-bodied troops (4 spearmen) to Coimbra, Santarem will be left with whatever was there? Actually, Santarem has 4 spearmen at home. If we send all 4, Santarem will have 0 troops. Then the reinforcements from Lisboa will arrive and garrison it. So Santarem will be safe. Evora is sending all 4 archers, so it will be empty. If we send reinforcements from Lisboa to Evora, they will arrive and garrison it. So we could split the Lisboa troops: send 2 spearmen to Santarem, 3 knights to Evora? Or send all to one? Since we have two fronts, we might want to reinforce both. But we have only 5 troops in Lisboa. We could send 2 spearmen to Santarem and 3 knights to Evora. That way both villages get some garrison. But knights are fast, so they can arrive quickly. However, we need to consider that after the attacks, Coimbra will have some surviving troops (maybe 2-3 spearmen), and Faro will have some surviving archers. So we might not need to send many reinforcements to those captured villages; they will have their own garrisons. Our home villages Santarem and Evora will be empty, so we need to send troops there to prevent them from being vulnerable. But they are interior, no enemy border, so maybe it's okay to leave them empty for a turn. But if we leave them empty, they can still produce resources and build troops. But if an enemy attacks, they'd be undefended. Since no enemy is near, it's probably safe.

We could also choose not to send any reinforcements from Lisboa, and instead keep the troops there to build up Lisboa's strength. Then next turn we can send them to one of the fronts. But then Santarem and Evora will be empty after sending their troops. That might be okay.

Let's think about the enemy. The enemy capital is Barcelona. The enemy might have other villages. They are probably far away. The unexplored villages include many in the center and north. Some might be enemy. We don't know. We need to explore. We can send troops from captured villages to explore. For now, we should focus on capturing neutrals to increase our base.

I'll propose the following orders:
- Build: 
  - Lisboa: 2 knights (uses 60 wood, 60 iron)
  - Santarem: 2 spearmen (uses 30 wood)
  - Evora: 1 archer (uses 20 wood, 10 iron)
- Movements:
  - From Santarem (1) to Coimbra (3): 4 spearmen
  - From Evora (2) to Faro (5): 4 archers
  - From Lisboa (0) to Santarem (1): 2 spearmen, 3 knights? Or maybe just send 3 knights to Santarem, and keep 2 spearmen in Lisboa? Let's decide: send from Lisboa to Santarem: 3 knights. And from Lisboa to Evora: 2 spearmen? But Lisboa only has 2 spearmen and 3 knights. So we can send 3 knights to Santarem, and 2 spearmen to Evora. That uses all troops. Or we could send all to Santarem: 2 spearmen, 3 knights. Then Evora gets nothing. I think it's better to distribute to reinforce both empty villages. So:
  - From Lisboa to Santarem: 3 knights (fast, arrive next turn)
  - From Lisboa to Evora: 2 spearmen (slow, but Evora is 1 turn away? From Lisboa to Evora: distance? Road: Lisboa [0] to Evora [2] is direct. Probably 1 turn. Spearman are slow, so 1 slow turn. So they arrive next turn as well.)
That way both Santarem and Evora get reinforcements.

But wait: if we send 2 spearmen from Lisboa to Evora, they will be on the march. Meanwhile, Evora is sending 4 archers to Faro. So Evora will have no troops left. The 2 spearmen will arrive next turn and garrison Evora. That's good.

Now, what about the builds? We need to ensure we have enough resources. Let's check resource costs:
Lisboa: wood 60, iron 60. 2 knights cost 30 wood, 30 iron each = 60 wood, 60 iron. So exactly uses all. Good.
Santarem: wood 30, iron 20. 2 spearmen cost 15 wood each = 30 wood. Uses all wood, iron remains 20. Good.
Evora: wood 30, iron 20. 1 archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. Uses 20 wood, 10 iron. Leaves 10 wood, 10 iron. Good.

Now, we need to consider the cap: troops at home. Lisboa currently has 5/300. After building 2 knights, it will have 7? Actually, builds add to home troops. So Lisboa will have 5 existing + 2 new = 7 troops at home. But we are sending all existing troops (2 spearman, 3 knight) away. So after sending, Lisboa will have 0 existing, but then the 2 new knights will be built and stay? The order: we can build and send simultaneously. The troops we send are the ones currently at home. The new builds will be ready next turn, so they will be at home next turn. So if we send all current troops, Lisboa will have 0 now, but next turn it will have the 2 newly built knights. So that's fine.

Similarly, Santarem: currently 4 spearman. We send all 4. We build 2 new spearmen. So next turn Santarem will have 2 spearmen (the new ones) plus any reinforcements arriving. The reinforcements from Lisboa (3 knights) will arrive next turn. So Santarem will have 2 spearmen + 3 knights = 5 troops next turn. Good.

Evora: currently 4 archers. Send all 4. Build 1 new archer. Reinforcements from Lisboa: 2 spearmen arrive next turn. So Evora will have 1 archer + 2 spearmen = 3 troops next turn.

Coimbra: after attack, surviving 4 spearmen will be there. We estimated we might lose some. Let's calculate the battle for Coimbra next turn.

We need to predict the outcome to see if we can hold it. But we don't need to know exactly; we just need to order.

Now, what about the plan and statement? We need to write a "plan" note to our next turn, and a "statement" for the audience.

Plan: We should write what we are trying to do, what we must not forget, what we decided not to do. For example: "We are attacking Coimbra and Faro to expand. We built troops for next turn. We sent reinforcements to Santarem and Evora. We must remember to explore from captured villages. We decided not to attack Badajoz yet."

Statement: "I have ordered attacks on Coimbra and Faro, sending spearmen and archers respectively. I have built knights in Lisboa and more troops in other villages to reinforce. My armies march to expand my kingdom."

We need to output JSON. The JSON must have "build", "movements", "plan", "statement". Build is a list of objects with villageId, type, quantity. Movements is a list with fromId, toId, troops (object with spearman, archer, knight). Note: village IDs are numbers. We need to use the IDs from the report: Lisboa=0, Santarem=1, Evora=2, Coimbra=3, Badajoz=4, Faro=5. For movements to enemy or neutral, we use those IDs. For reinforcing our own, we can use our own IDs.

Let's construct the JSON.

Build:
- {"villageId": 0, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2}
- {"villageId": 1, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
- {"villageId": 2, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}

Movements:
- {"fromId": 1, "toId": 3, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}}
- {"fromId": 2, "toId": 5, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 4, "knight": 0}}
- {"fromId": 0, "toId": 1, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 3}}
- {"fromId": 0, "toId": 2, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}}

Wait, we need to check if we can send both from Lisboa to Santarem and to Evora. Yes, we can issue multiple movement orders from the same village as long as we don't exceed available troops. Lisboa has 2 spearman, 3 knight. So we can send 3 knights to Santarem and 2 spearmen to Evora. That's valid.

But we need to consider the order of battles? The rules say "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." That's for attacks on the same target. Here we are sending to different targets, so it's fine.

Now, what about the fact that we are sending troops from Lisboa to Santarem and Evora, but those villages are also sending troops out. That's fine.

Now, we need to write plan and statement.

Plan: "We are attacking Coimbra with spearmen and Faro with archers to capture two villages. We built knights in Lisboa and more troops in Santarem and Evora to grow our army. We sent reinforcements to Santarem and Evora to garrison them after their troops leave. Next turn, we will assess the battles and decide whether to push north from Coimbra or south from Faro. We must not forget to explore the unexplored villages. We decided not to attack Badajoz yet because it is stronger."

Statement: "I have ordered my armies to strike at Coimbra and Faro, seeking to expand my territory. My stonemasons and blacksmiths work tirelessly to forge more weapons and armor. Reinforcements march to support my heroes. The fate of the kingdom rests on my shoulders!"

But we need to keep it 2-4 lines.

Let's refine.

We also need to consider if we should send any troops to Badajoz? No.

One more thing: we have 0 armies on the march currently. So we are sending new ones.

Now, check if we have enough resources for the builds. We already verified.

But wait: the build order is simultaneous with movements. The resources are taken from the village's stock at the start of the turn? The rules: "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." So we must ensure the village has the resources right now. Lisboa has 60 wood, 60 iron. 2 knights cost 60 wood, 60 iron, so it can pay. Santarem has 30 wood, 20 iron. 2 spearmen cost 30 wood, so it can pay. Evora has 30 wood, 20 iron. 1 archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron, so it can pay. Good.

Now, what about the troops we send? We must only send troops that are available. Lisboa available: 2 spearman, 3 knight. We send 3 knight to Santarem, 2 spearman to Evora. That's all. Santarem available: 4 spearman. We send all 4 to Coimbra. Evora available: 4 archers. We send all 4 to Faro. Good.

Now, we need to output JSON. The JSON should be valid. Let's write it.

But we need to be careful: the "movements" list might need to have the troops as an object with keys "spearman", "archer", "knight". Even if zero, we should include them? The example shows: "troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}. So we should include all three keys.

Let's construct the JSON:

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 1, "toId": 3, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 2, "toId": 5, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 4, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 0, "toId": 1, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 3}},
    {"fromId": 0, "toId": 2, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}}
  ],
  "plan": "We are attacking Coimbra and Faro to expand. We built troops for next turn and sent reinforcements to Santarem and Evora. Next turn we will assess the battles and decide whether to push north or south. We must explore unexplored villages. We decided not to attack Badajoz yet.",
  "statement": "I have ordered my armies to strike at Coimbra and Faro, seeking to expand my territory. My stonemasons and blacksmiths work tirelessly to forge more weapons. Reinforcements march to support my heroes. The fate of the kingdom rests on my shoulders!"
}

But we need to ensure the plan is 2-4 lines. The plan string can be multiple sentences, but it should be concise. The instruction says "2 to 4 lines". So we should break it into lines? Actually, it says "write two short texts. Write them in ENGLISH, every turn... - 'plan': your NOTE TO YOUR NEXT TURN, 2 to 4 lines (anything past 600 characters is cut off)." So we should write it as a string with line breaks? Or just a paragraph? Usually in these prompts, "lines" means sentences or separate lines. We can use newline characters? The JSON will be parsed, so we can include \n. But it's safer to write it as a single string with periods, but the instruction says "2 to 4 lines". I think we can write it as a string with actual newlines, but in JSON we need to escape them. Alternatively, we can write it as a single string with 2-4 sentences. The example in the prompt doesn't show newlines. I'll write it as a single string with 2-4 sentences. The "statement" also 2-4 lines.

Let's check character count: plan is not too long.

But we need to make sure the plan is useful. It should mention what we are doing, what we must not forget, and what we decided NOT to do. So we should include that.

Revised plan: "We attacked Coimbra with spearmen and Faro with archers to capture two villages. We built knights in Lisboa and more troops in Santarem and Evora. We sent reinforcements to Santarem and Evora. Next turn, we must assess the battle results and explore from captured villages. We decided not to attack Badajoz yet because it is stronger."

That's 4 sentences. Good.

Statement: "I have ordered my armies to strike at Coimbra and Faro, seeking to expand my territory. My stonemasons and blacksmiths work tirelessly to forge more weapons. Reinforcements march to support my heroes. The fate of the kingdom rests on my shoulders!" That's 4 lines.

Now, we need to output ONLY the JSON object. No text before or after.

Let's double-check the movement from Lisboa to Evora: we send 2 spearmen. But spearmen are slow. The march from Lisboa to Evora: what is the travel time? Not specified, but likely 1 slow turn. So they will arrive next turn. That's fine.

But wait: we also have the option to send from Lisboa to Santarem and then to Coimbra? No, we are sending directly.

One potential issue: we are sending 3 knights from Lisboa to Santarem. Knights are fast. But Santarem is also sending 4 spearmen to Coimbra. The knights from Lisboa will arrive at Santarem next turn. The spearmen from Santarem will arrive at Coimbra next turn. So they don't interact. That's fine.

But what about the fact that we are sending all troops from Lisboa? Lisboa will have no troops left at the end of the turn. But the new knights are built, so they will be there next turn. So Lisboa will have 2 knights next turn. That's okay.

Now, consider the enemy. We don't know what they are doing. They might be attacking our villages? But our villages are interior, no enemy border. So probably safe.

We should also consider that we might want to send some troops to explore the unexplored villages. For example, from Coimbra after we capture it, we can send troops to Porto and Salamanca. But we can do that next turn. For now, we are just sending troops to attack.

Now, let's verify the IDs: 
0 Lisboa
1 Santarem
2 Evora
3 Coimbra
4 Badajoz
5 Faro
6 Porto, etc. We don't need them now.

Everything seems correct.

One more check: the build in Evora: we build 1 archer. Evora currently has 4 archers. We send all 4. So after sending, Evora has 0. Then we build 1, so next turn it will have 1 archer. Plus 2 spearmen from Lisboa arrive. So total 3. Good.

Now, we need to ensure that the troops we send to Coimbra and Faro are enough to win. Let's do a quick calculation of the battles next turn, considering that the neutral villages might have hardened? The report says "stable for 2 turns", so they haven't hardened yet. So their defense should be as given.

Coimbra: 1 spearman, defense 3. Our 4 spearmen: attack 4. No counter (spearman vs spearman). So effective attack 4, defense 3. We win. Losses: we lose some troops. How many? The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So our losses are based on the loser's effective force. Loser's effective force is 3. Our force is 4. So we lose some proportion. Possibly we lose about 3/4 of our force? That would be 3 troops. But that seems high. Actually, the rule might be that we lose a number of troops equal to the loser's effective force? Or a fraction? Not clear. In many games, losses are computed as: attacker loses (defender's effective force / attacker's effective force) * attacker's troops. So if defender 3, attacker 4, attacker loses (3/4)*4 = 3 troops. So we might lose 3 spearmen, leaving 1. That would be a very costly victory. But then we would have only 1 spearman in Coimbra. That's weak. But we can send reinforcements later. However, if we lose 3, we might not have enough to hold it. But the rule says "The losing army is destroyed entirely; the winner takes losses and keeps marching." That's for open field. For village attacks, the defender's garrison is destroyed, and the attacker takes losses. The attacker's surviving troops remain at the village. So if we lose 3, we have 1 left. That might be okay if we send more next turn.

But wait, the effective defense of Coimbra is 3. That already includes the location bonus (village x1.25). The base defense of 1 spearman is 2. With village bonus: 2 * 1.25 = 2.5, rounded? They say effective defense 3. So it's 3. Our attack is 4. So we have 4 vs 3. The difference is 1. In some systems, losses are based on the difference. We don't know exactly. We can assume we'll lose some but not all. Let's not overthink; we can always reinforce.

What about Faro: 4 archers vs defense 5 (with counter 7.5). Our attack 8. So we have 8 vs 7.5. We win by 0.5. Losses might be heavy. We might lose many archers. If we lose, say, 6 archers? But we only have 4. So we can't lose more than we have. The rule likely caps losses at the number of troops. So we might lose all 4? But then we wouldn't capture the village? The rule says the winner takes losses, but the losing army is destroyed entirely. So if we win, the defender's army is destroyed, and we take losses but survive. So we must have at least 1 troop left to occupy the village. With 8 vs 7.5, we might have a small margin, so we might lose a few. Let's say we lose 3 archers, leaving 1. That would be similar to Coimbra.

So both attacks might leave us with very few troops in the captured villages. That's risky. We might want to send more troops to ensure we have a garrison. But we can only send from our home villages. We could send a mix from Lisboa along with the attack? But they would have to march, and they would fight separately if they arrive at different times. If we send reinforcements from Lisboa to Coimbra directly? But Lisboa is not connected to Coimbra. To get to Coimbra, they'd have to go through Santarem. So we could send from Lisboa to Santarem, and then from Santarem to Coimbra in the same turn? No, we can only issue one movement order per troop type per turn? Actually, we can issue multiple movements, but a troop can only be ordered once. If we send from Lisboa to Santarem, they will arrive at Santarem next turn. They cannot then be ordered from Santarem to Coimbra in the same turn. So they would join the battle at Coimbra the turn after? Actually, if they arrive at Santarem next turn, then next turn we can order them from Santarem to Coimbra, which takes another turn. So they would arrive at Coimbra two turns later. So they can't reinforce the initial attack.

So the initial attack will only use the troops that start at the attacking village. So we need to ensure those troops are sufficient to win and leave enough to hold. If we are worried about heavy losses, we could choose not to attack Faro with all 4 archers. We could send only 2 archers, but then we'd likely lose. Or we could send a mix from Evora? But we only have archers there. We could build a spearman in Evora? But we can't use it this turn. We could build in Evora this turn: instead of 1 archer, build 2 spearmen? But we need to consider resources: Evora has 30 wood, 20 iron. 2 spearmen cost 30 wood. So we could build 2 spearmen. Then next turn, Evora would have 2 spearmen and 4 archers (if we didn't send the archers). But if we send the archers this turn, we can't use the new spearmen for this attack. So we could delay the Faro attack to next turn, and attack with a mix of archers and spearmen. That might be better because spearmen are cheap and can absorb losses. Also, spearman vs knight: spearman counters knight, so attacker gets 1.5x bonus. If we attack Faro with some spearmen and some archers, the most numerous type will set the counter. If we have more archers than spearmen, most numerous is archer, so defender gets counter (knight counters archer). If we have more spearmen, most numerous is spearman, so attacker gets counter (spearman counters knight). So by including spearmen, we might flip the counter to our favor, multiplying our force by 1.5. That would make the attack much easier.

So maybe we should not attack Faro this turn. Instead, we should build spearman in Evora this turn, and then next turn attack Faro with a mix. But we also want to capture Coimbra now. We can attack Coimbra with Santarem's spearmen this turn. That's fine because spearman vs spearman, no counter, but we have numbers.

Let's reconsider: we have the option to build in Evora. Instead of building 1 archer, we could build 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood). Then Evora would have 2 spearmen + 4 archers at home next turn (if we don't send the archers). Then next turn we can send a mixed army to Faro. But if we do that, we delay the Faro attack by one turn. That might be okay because Faro is stable for 2 turns. We can also use the time to build more.

But we also need to consider that we have limited iron. Iron is used for archers and knights. We might want to conserve iron for later. Building spearmen uses only wood. So building 2 spearmen in Evora uses 30 wood, leaving 20 iron. That's good.

What about Santarem? We can build 2 spearmen there as well. So we can reinforce Santarem.

What about Lisboa? We can build knights or archers. We need iron. We have 60 iron. We could build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) leaving 30 iron, or 4 spearmen (60 wood) leaving 60 iron. Since we need to expand, we might want to build knights for speed. But knights are expensive. We could build a mix.

Let's think about the long term. We need to capture 18 villages. We need a strong economy. Each village produces resources. We currently have 3. Capturing Coimbra gives us a 4th. Capturing Faro gives a 5th. Then we can explore further. We need to move troops around. Knights are fast, so they can reinforce quickly. Archers are medium. Spearman are slow.

Maybe we should focus on one direction at a time. We could attack Coimbra now, and build up Santarem and Lisboa for further north. Meanwhile, we can send troops from Evora to explore south, but not necessarily attack Faro immediately. We could send from Evora to Faro to scout? But we already see Faro. We could send a small force to test the waters? But if we send too few, we lose.

Another idea: we could send from Lisboa to Santarem some troops, and then from Santarem to Badajoz? Badajoz is another neutral. But Badajoz has 2 knights, defense 5. It might be easier to take Coimbra first, then from Coimbra go to Porto and Salamanca, which might be neutral or enemy.

Let's look at the road network. Coimbra connects to Porto [6] and Salamanca [7]. Porto connects to Vigo [10] and Salamanca. Salamanca connects to Madrid [12]. So if we take Coimbra, we have a path north. Badajoz connects to Salamanca, Toledo, Sevilha. So it's a crossroads. Taking Badajoz would open paths to many villages. But it's stronger.

Maybe we should take Coimbra now, and then next turn take Badajoz with combined forces from Santarem and Coimbra? But Coimbra will have few troops after the attack. We could send reinforcements from Lisboa to Santarem, then from Santarem to Coimbra to reinforce, but that takes time.

Let's simulate the battle for Coimbra more precisely to estimate losses. We need to know the attrition rule. The rule says: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." It doesn't give a formula. In some games, losses are equal to the loser's effective force divided by something. Since we don't know, we can assume it's not catastrophic. In many similar games, the attacker loses a number of troops equal to the defender's effective force minus something? Actually, typical formula: Attacker losses = (Defender's effective force / Attacker's effective force) * Attacker's troops. But if defender has 3, attacker 4, then losses = (3/4)*4 = 3. So attacker loses 3, leaving 1. That seems harsh. But maybe the effective force already includes the defender's troops, so the defender's 1 spearman has effective defense 3. That 3 is not the number of troops, it's a force value. The attrition might be based on the force ratio. If we have 4 force and they have 3, we lose 3 force? That would mean we lose 3 spearmen (since each spearman contributes 1 attack). So we'd have 1 left. That is possible.

But then after capturing Coimbra, we have 1 spearman there. That's a very weak garrison. But we can send more next turn. However, if we send more from Santarem, Santarem will be empty. We need to rebuild.

Maybe we should not attack with all 4 spearmen. We could send 2 spearmen from Santarem to Coimbra, and keep 2 for defense. But then attack force 2 vs defense 3, we lose. So we need at least 3? 3 attack vs 3 defense, tie favors defender, so we lose. So we need 4 to win. So we must send at least 4. So we have to commit all 4.

What if we send from Lisboa some troops to Santarem to join the attack? They can't join the same turn because they have to march. But if we send them from Lisboa to Santarem this turn, they arrive next turn. Then next turn we could send them from Santarem to Coimbra? But Coimbra would already be captured (or not) by then. If we attack Coimbra this turn with Santarem's 4, the battle happens next turn. If we also send reinforcements from Lisboa to Santarem this turn, they arrive at Santarem next turn. At the same time, the battle at Coimbra is happening. The reinforcements are at Santarem, not at Coimbra. So they can't help. If we instead send from Lisboa directly to Coimbra? Not possible because no direct road. So we cannot reinforce the Coimbra attack from Lisboa in time.

So the Coimbra attack will be with whatever we send from Santarem now. So we must accept the potential losses.

Perhaps we can build more spearmen in Santarem this turn, but they won't be ready for the attack next turn. They would be ready at the start of next turn, after the attack? Actually, if we build this turn, they are ready next turn. The attack also happens next turn. The order of events: at the start of next turn, new builds are added to home villages. Then movements occur? Or do movements happen first? Typically, in these games, all orders are simultaneous: you write orders for the turn, then the turn resolves. So if we build this turn, the new troops are available at the start of the turn? Or at the end? The phrase "ready in 1 turn" means they are ready after 1 turn. So if we order build on turn 3, they are ready on turn 4. So on turn 4, they are at the village. Then on turn 4, we can issue new orders. So if we also order a movement on turn 3 to attack Coimbra, that movement will resolve on turn 4? Actually, the movement order we give on turn 3 will cause the troops to march during turn 3 and arrive on turn 4. So on turn 4, the marching troops arrive and fight. Meanwhile, the new builds on turn 3 will also be ready on turn 4. So on turn 4, we have both the marching troops arriving and the new builds at home. But we didn't order the new builds to march; they just appear at the home village. So they can't join the attack that is happening on turn 4 because the attack is already in progress? Actually, the attack on Coimbra is the result of the movement order we gave on turn 3. That movement order specified the troops from Santarem to Coimbra. Those troops left Santarem on turn 3. The new builds at Santarem on turn 4 are at Santarem, but they didn't receive a movement order on turn 3. On turn 4, we could issue a new movement order for them, but that would be for turn 4's movement, which would arrive on turn 5. So they can't join the turn 4 battle. So the battle on turn 4 only involves the troops we ordered on turn 3.

So if we want to attack Coimbra with more troops, we need to have those troops at Santarem on turn 3 when we issue the order. We can't use new builds. So we are limited to the 4 spearmen currently at Santarem.

Thus, the Coimbra attack will be with 4 spearmen. We'll see what happens.

Now, what about Faro? We could similarly attack with 4 archers from Evora. Or we could wait and build up. I'm leaning towards waiting on Faro to build a mixed army. That would mean we don't send any troops from Evora this turn. Instead, we build in Evora (say, 2 spearmen) and keep the archers. Then next turn we can attack Faro with 4 archers + 2 spearmen. That would be 6 troops. Let's analyze that battle: attacker has 4 archers (attack 2 each = 8) and 2 spearmen (attack 1 each = 2). Total attack = 10. Most numerous type: archers (4) vs spearmen (2). So most numerous is archer. Defender has 2 knights. Knight counters archer, so defender gets counter bonus? Wait, the counter is based on the most numerous type of each army. Attacker most numerous: archer. Defender most numerous: knight. Knight counters archer, so defender has the counter. So defender's force is multiplied by 1.5. But what is the defender's force? The defender's effective defense is 5 (including location). That 5 represents the 2 knights? Each knight has defense 2, so 2 knights defense 4. With village bonus x1.25: 4 * 1.25 = 5. So effective defense 5. If defender gets counter bonus 1.5, then effective defense becomes 5 * 1.5 = 7.5. Our attack is 10. So we win with 10 vs 7.5. Losses: we lose some. But we have more troops, so we might lose fewer proportionally? Actually, the attrition is against the loser's effective force. Loser's effective force is 7.5. Our effective force is 10. So we lose some. But we have 6 troops, so we might lose, say, 4? Not sure.

If we instead make spearmen the most numerous, we could flip the counter. If we have, say, 3 spearmen and 2 archers, most numerous is spearman (3). Spearman counters knight, so attacker gets 1.5x bonus. Our attack: spearmen attack 1 each (3), archers attack 2 each (4) = total 7. With counter bonus 1.5, our effective attack becomes 7 * 1.5 = 10.5. Defender's effective defense is 5 (no counter because defender's knight does not counter spearman? Actually, knight does not counter spearman; spearman counters knight. So defender does not get counter. So defender's force is just 5. So 10.5 vs 5, we win heavily. Losses would be minimal. So by having more spearmen than archers, we get the counter bonus and crush the defense. So it's much better to attack Faro with a spearman-heavy army.

Therefore, we should not attack Faro with only archers. We should build spearmen in Evora and attack with a mix next turn. So for this turn, we should not send troops from Evora to Faro. Instead, we should build spearmen there.

What about Coimbra? Coimbra has 1 spearman. If we attack with spearmen, most numerous is spearman, defender is spearman. No counter. So we don't get a bonus. But we have 4 vs 1, so we should win easily. But if we had some archers, we could potentially get a counter? Archer counters spearman. So if we attack Coimbra with archers, we'd get 1.5x bonus. But we don't have archers at Santarem. We could send archers from Lisboa or Evora to Santarem, but they would take time. We could build an archer at Santarem this turn, but it won't be ready for the attack next turn. So we can't use archers for Coimbra this turn. So spearmen are fine.

But wait: Coimbra is a village with a spearman. If we attack with spearmen, we don't get a counter. But we have 4 attack vs 3 defense. We win. If we attacked with archers, we'd have 4 archers attack 8, with counter 1.5 = 12 vs 3, win with huge margin. But we can't get archers there in time. So we proceed with spearmen.

Now, what about Badajoz? It has 2 knights. If we attack with spearmen, we get counter (spearman counters knight), so our attack would be multiplied by 1.5. That would be very effective. So after we take Coimbra, we could attack Badajoz from Santarem with spearmen. But we need to have enough spearmen. Currently Santarem has 4. After Coimbra, we'll have some left. We can build more.

So a possible plan: Turn 3 (this turn): Build spearmen in Santarem and Evora, build knights in Lisboa. Send 4 spearmen from Santarem to Coimbra. Send no troops from Evora (keep them). Send reinforcements from Lisboa to Santarem? Or keep them? Let's think.

If we send 4 spearmen from Santarem to Coimbra, Santarem will be empty. We should send reinforcements from Lisboa to Santarem to garrison it. Lisboa has 2 spearman, 3 knight. We can send, say, 3 knights to Santarem. They are fast, arrive next turn. Then Santarem will have 3 knights. That's a good garrison. We could also send the 2 spearmen from Lisboa to Evora to reinforce Evora, since Evora will be building but not sending troops. Or we could send them to Santarem as well. But if we send all to Santarem, Santarem will have 5 troops. Evora will have its 4 archers plus new builds. That's fine.

But we also need to consider that we might want to send troops from Lisboa to explore or attack later. Knights are fast, so sending them to Santarem is good because Santarem is a forward village. From Santarem, knights can quickly go to Coimbra or Badajoz.

Let's decide on builds:
- Lisboa: build 2 knights (uses 60 wood, 60 iron). This gives us 2 knights next turn.
- Santarem: build 2 spearmen (uses 30 wood). This gives us 2 spearmen next turn.
- Evora: build 2 spearmen (uses 30 wood). This gives us 2 spearmen next turn. (We could also build 1 archer, but we want spearmen for the counter bonus against knights in Faro/Badajoz.)

Now, movements:
- From Santarem (1) to Coimbra (3): 4 spearmen.
- From Lisboa (0) to Santarem (1): send 3 knights. (We could also send 2 spearmen, but let's just send knights for now. We might want to keep the spearmen in Lisboa for future? But Lisboa can build more. Actually, we can send all troops from Lisboa to reinforce. Let's send both 2 spearmen and 3 knights to Santarem? That would empty Lisboa completely. But Lisboa will have the 2 new knights next turn. So it's okay. But if we send all, Santarem gets 5 troops. That's a good garrison. But then Evora gets nothing. Evora has 4 archers and will have 2 new spearmen next turn. That's 6 troops, which is fine for defense. So we can leave Evora without reinforcements from Lisboa. So we can send all Lisboa troops to Santarem.

But wait: we need to consider the travel time from Lisboa to Santarem. If we send 2 spearmen (slow) and 3 knights (fast), they will travel at the speed of the slowest? The rule: "A MIXED army marches at the speed of its SLOWEST troop." But we are sending them as separate movements? The order is per movement. We can send a mixed army in one movement, or separate movements. If we send them together in one movement object, they will march together at the speed of the slowest. If we send them as separate movements, they can march at their own speeds. The JSON allows multiple movement objects from the same fromId. So we can send the 3 knights as one movement (fast, 1 turn) and the 2 spearmen as another movement (slow, maybe 1 turn? Actually, from Lisboa to Santarem, what is the distance? Not given. But likely 1 turn for all speeds? The report shows for Santarem to Coimbra: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. So that distance is 1 turn for all speeds. So from Lisboa to Santarem is probably also 1 turn for all speeds. So we can send them together or separately; they'll all arrive next turn. So we can just send one movement with all 5 troops: {"fromId": 0, "toId": 1, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 3}}.

But we need to check if Lisboa has 2 spearman and 3 knight available. Yes.

So movements:
- 1 -> 3: 4 spearmen
- 0 -> 1: 2 spearmen, 3 knights

That's it. No movement from Evora.

Now, what about exploring? We could send a troop from Lisboa to somewhere? Not needed.

Now, let's consider the enemy. They might be doing something. We don't see any enemy armies. So probably safe.

Now, we need to write the plan and statement.

Plan: "We are attacking Coimbra with Santarem's spearmen to capture our fourth village. We built knights in Lisboa, spearmen in Santarem and Evora to grow our army. We sent all troops from Lisboa to reinforce Santarem. Next turn, we will assess the battle at Coimbra and plan the next move. We must not forget to explore from Coimbra. We decided not to attack Faro yet; we will build spearmen there first to counter the knights."

Statement: "My armies march on Coimbra to claim it for the crown. My craftsmen forge new weapons to strengthen our ranks. Reinforcements rush to support our vanguard. The kingdom expands!"

But we need to ensure the statement is 2-4 lines.

Let's check the builds again:
Lisboa: 2 knights. Cost: 30 wood, 30 iron each = 60 wood, 60 iron. Lisboa has 60 wood, 60 iron. OK.
Santarem: 2 spearmen. Cost: 15 wood each = 30 wood. Santarem has 30 wood, 20 iron. OK.
Evora: 2 spearmen. Cost: 15 wood each = 30 wood. Evora has 30 wood, 20 iron. OK.

Now, after builds, resources left:
Lisboa: 0 wood, 0 iron.
Santarem: 0 wood, 20 iron.
Evora: 0 wood, 20 iron.

Next turn, they will produce: Lisboa +30 wood, +20 iron -> 30 wood, 20 iron. Santarem +30 wood, +20 iron -> 30 wood, 40 iron. Evora +30 wood, +20 iron -> 30 wood, 40 iron. So we will have resources to build more.

Now, we need to output JSON. Let's write it carefully.

We need to include all keys. The build list can have multiple entries. The movements list.

One potential issue: we are sending 2 spearmen and 3 knights from Lisboa to Santarem. But Lisboa's available troops: 2 spearman, 3 knight. So we are sending all. That's fine.

Now, what about the fact that we are building 2 knights in Lisboa? Those will be ready next turn. So Lisboa will have 2 knights next turn. But we sent all current troops. So Lisboa will be empty until next turn when the new knights appear. That's fine.

Now, let's write the JSON.

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 1, "toId": 3, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 0, "toId": 1, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 3}}
  ],
  "plan": "We are attacking Coimbra with Santarem's spearmen to capture a fourth village. We built knights in Lisboa and spearmen in Santarem and Evora to strengthen our forces. We sent all troops from Lisboa to reinforce Santarem. Next turn, we will assess the Coimbra battle and decide whether to push north or attack Badajoz. We must explore from Coimbra. We decided not to attack Faro yet; we will build spearmen there to counter the knights.",
  "statement": "My armies march on Coimbra to claim it for the crown. My craftsmen forge new weapons to strengthen our ranks. Reinforcements rush to support our vanguard. The kingdom expands!"
}

But wait, the plan says "We decided not to attack Faro yet" but we also built spearmen in Evora. That's consistent.

Now, we need to check if the plan is 2-4 lines. It's 4 sentences. We can make it more concise.

Let's count lines: If we write it as a single string, it's not lines. The instruction says "2 to 4 lines". In many such prompts, they expect the text to be broken into lines with \n. But the example in the prompt doesn't show newlines. It says: "write two short texts. Write them in ENGLISH, every turn, even if your note from last turn is in another language: - 'plan': your NOTE TO YOUR NEXT TURN, 2 to 4 lines (anything past 600 characters is cut off)." So it's likely that the plan should be a string that contains 2-4 lines separated by newline characters. But in JSON, we can include \n. However, the prompt says "Reply with ONE valid JSON object and nothing else". So we can include \n in the string. But to be safe, we can write it as a single paragraph with 2-4 sentences, which might be considered as lines? I think they mean sentences. I'll write it as a single string with 3 sentences.

Let's look at the example format: they didn't provide an example of the JSON content. But they said "Field by field - this describes the SHAPE of the reply; it is not a suggested move". So we just need to output the JSON.

I'll write the plan as a string with three sentences, which is 3 lines if each sentence is on a new line? Actually, in the output, it will be a JSON string. The game will read it. It's fine.

Let's also consider if we should send any troops to explore. We have unexplored villages. We could send a single troop from somewhere to scout. But we don't have any troops marching. We could send from Lisboa to Porto? But Lisboa is not connected to Porto. We need to go through Santarem and Coimbra. So we can't scout yet.

Maybe we should send a small force from Evora to Faro just to scout? But we already see Faro. We don't see beyond. To see beyond, we need to have a village connected. If we capture Coimbra, we will see Porto and Salamanca. So that's good.

Now, let's double-check the movement from Lisboa to Santarem: we are sending 2 spearmen and 3 knights. That's a mixed army. The speed: mixed army marches at speed of slowest troop, which is spearman (slow). So the march time from Lisboa to Santarem: if it's 1 slow turn, they arrive next turn. That's fine. But if we send them as one movement, they will all arrive at the same time. If we send them separately, the knights would arrive earlier? But the rules say travel time is measured along roads. If it's 1 turn for all speeds, then they all take 1 turn. The report says for Santarem to Coimbra: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. That means regardless of speed, it takes 1 turn. So from Lisboa to Santarem is likely also 1 turn for all. So no difference.

But what if the distance is longer? We don't know. We can assume it's 1 turn because they are connected directly and the map looks compact. We'll go with that.

Now, let's consider the battle at Coimbra again. We are sending 4 spearmen. They will arrive next turn and fight. The garrison of Coimbra is 1 spearman, defense 3. We have 4 attack. We win. But we might lose some troops. How many? Let's try to deduce the attrition rule from the given text. "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." It doesn't say how much. In some games, it's a fixed percentage. Since we don't know, we'll assume it's not total. In many similar games I've seen, the losses are equal to the loser's effective force divided by the winner's effective force, rounded. So if loser 3, winner 4, losses = 3/4 * 4 = 3? That would be 3 troops. But then the winner's force is reduced to 1. That seems plausible. But then the captured village would have 1 spearman. That's weak. But we can send reinforcements from Santarem next turn? Santarem will have the new 2 spearmen we built, plus the reinforcements from Lisboa (2 spearmen, 3 knights) arriving. So Santarem will have 2 spearmen (new) + 2 spearmen (from Lisboa) + 3 knights = 7 troops. We can then send some from Santarem to Coimbra to reinforce. So it's okay.

But wait: the reinforcements from Lisboa are arriving at Santarem next turn. The battle at Coimbra is also next turn. So on next turn, we will have the new builds at Santarem (2 spearmen) and the arriving reinforcements (2 spearmen, 3 knights) at Santarem. Meanwhile, the 4 spearmen we sent to Coimbra will be fighting. After the battle, the survivors will be at Coimbra. On the same turn, we can issue new orders. So we can order the newly arrived troops at Santarem to go to Coimbra to reinforce. But they will take another turn to march. So Coimbra will have to wait a turn for reinforcements. That's fine as long as the enemy doesn't attack Coimbra in the meantime. Since the enemy is far, it's probably safe.

So the plan is reasonable.

Now, let's write the final JSON. We need to ensure the JSON is valid. We'll use double quotes.

One more thing: the "build" list: we have three builds. Are we sure we can build 2 spearmen in Evora? Evora has 30 wood, 20 iron. 2 spearmen cost 30 wood. Yes. But we also need to consider that we might want to build an archer instead? We decided spearmen for counter bonus. But we also have iron. If we build 2 spearmen, we use all wood, leave 20 iron. Next turn we can build archers or knights. That's fine.

But wait: we have 4 archers at Evora. If we build 2 spearmen, next turn Evora will have 4 archers + 2 spearmen = 6 troops. Then we can attack Faro with a mix. But we need to decide the composition for the attack. If we send all 6, most numerous is archers (4) vs spearmen (2). So most numerous is archer, defender gets counter. So we would want to send more spearmen than archers to flip the counter. So we might want to send, say, 3 spearmen and 2 archers, or 4 spearmen and 1 archer. But we only have 2 spearmen built. We could build more spearmen in Evora next turn? But we need to have them ready. Alternatively, we could send some archers from Lisboa? But Lisboa is building knights. We could send archers from Lisboa to Evora. But Lisboa has no archers currently. It can build them. But we need to plan ahead.

Maybe we should build archers in Lisboa instead of knights? Let's think. We need to counter knights. Spearmen are counter to knights. So we want a lot of spearmen. We can build spearmen in all villages. They are cheap (15 wood). We have plenty of wood. Iron is more scarce. Knights cost 30 iron, archers cost 10 iron. So we might want to focus on spearmen and archers, and only build knights for speed. But knights are fast and strong against archers. We need a balanced army.

Given we are just starting, maybe we should build more spearmen everywhere. They are cheap and effective against knights (which the enemy might have). So let's change Evora build to 2 spearmen (already did). Santarem build 2 spearmen (already). Lisboa: we could build 4 spearmen instead of 2 knights? Lisboa has 60 wood, 60 iron. 4 spearmen cost 60 wood, 0 iron. That would use all wood, leave 60 iron. Then we have 4 spearmen next turn. But we also might want knights for speed. Knights are useful for rapid expansion. But we can also get knights later. Let's consider: we need to move troops quickly. Spearmen are slow. If we attack a distant village, slow troops take many turns. Knights are fast. So having some knights is good for flexibility. But we can mix: send knights with spearmen, the army moves at spearman speed anyway. So if we want speed, we need to send only knights or a mix with no slow troops. So for long distances, we might want pure knight armies. But for now, our attacks are on nearby villages (1 turn). So speed doesn't matter much. So we can focus on building spearmen for the counter bonus.

But Lisboa is our capital. We might want to build a mix. Let's build 4 spearmen in Lisboa? That uses 60 wood. Then we have 60 iron. Next turn we can build archers or knights. But we need to decide.

Actually, we can build 2 knights and 2 spearmen? No, resources: 60 wood, 60 iron. 2 knights cost 60 wood, 60 iron. That uses everything. If we build 2 knights, we get 2 knights. If we build 4 spearmen, we get 4 spearmen for 60 wood, and keep 60 iron. 4 spearmen are more troops than 2 knights. But knights have higher attack and defense? Knight: attack 4, defense 2. Spearman: attack 1, defense 2. So knights have much higher attack. In combat, attack is what counts when attacking. So 2 knights have attack 8, while 4 spearmen have attack 4. So knights are more powerful offensively. But they cost iron. We have plenty of iron this turn, but next turn we'll only produce 20 iron. So we can't build many knights. We might want to save iron for archers or knights later. Building 2 knights now uses all iron, so next turn we'll have 0 iron until production. That might slow down other builds. But we can always build spearmen with wood. So it's a trade-off.

I think building 2 knights is good because they are fast and strong, and we can use them to reinforce or attack quickly. Also, we are sending them to Santarem anyway, so they will be at the front. So I'll keep the 2 knights in Lisboa.

But wait: we are sending all current troops from Lisboa to Santarem. So the 2 knights we build will be at Lisboa next turn. They won't go to Santarem unless we order them next turn. So Lisboa will have 2 knights next turn. That's a small garrison. We might want to send them to Santarem next turn to continue expanding. So that's fine.

Now, let's consider the overall strategy. We have 3 villages. We are attacking Coimbra. We are building up. We are not attacking Faro. So our next turn will likely be: assess Coimbra, maybe send troops from Santarem to Coimbra to reinforce, and from Coimbra explore north. Also, we can start building in Coimbra after we capture it. But we need to wait until next turn to see if we capture it.

Now, let's write the final JSON. I'll make sure the plan and statement are 2-4 lines. I'll write them as strings with line breaks? Actually, the instruction says "2 to 4 lines". In the context of a note to yourself, lines might be separated by newline. But in JSON, we can use \n. However, the prompt might be parsed by a system that expects plain text. To be safe, I'll write them as single strings with 2-4 sentences. The example in the prompt doesn't show newlines. I'll just use sentences.

Let's draft:

Plan: "We attacked Coimbra with Santarem's spearmen to expand. We built knights in Lisboa and spearmen in Santarem and Evora to strengthen our forces. We sent reinforcements from Lisboa to Santarem. Next turn, we will assess the battle and decide whether to push north or attack Badajoz. We must explore from Coimbra. We decided not to attack Faro yet to build up a mixed army with spearmen."

That's 4 sentences. Good.

Statement: "My armies march on Coimbra to claim it for the crown. My craftsmen forge new weapons to strengthen our ranks. Reinforcements rush to support our vanguard. The kingdom expands!" That's 4 lines.

Now, JSON.

I need to ensure the JSON is valid. I'll use a JSON validator in my mind.

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 1, "toId": 3, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 0, "toId": 1, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 3}}
  ],
  "plan": "We attacked Coimbra with Santarem's spearmen to expand. We built knights in Lisboa and spearmen in Santarem and Evora to strengthen our forces. We sent reinforcements from Lisboa to Santarem. Next turn, we will assess the battle and decide whether to push north or attack Badajoz. We must explore from Coimbra. We decided not to attack Faro yet to build up a mixed army with spearmen.",
  "statement": "My armies march on Coimbra to claim it for the crown. My craftsmen forge new weapons to strengthen our ranks. Reinforcements rush to support our vanguard. The kingdom expands!"
}

But wait, the plan says "We attacked" but it's actually we are ordering the attack. It will happen next turn. So we should write in present/future tense. "We are attacking" or "We will attack". Let's adjust: "We are attacking Coimbra with Santarem's spearmen to expand. We are building knights in Lisboa and spearmen in Santarem and Evora to strengthen our forces. We are sending reinforcements from Lisboa to Santarem. Next turn, we will assess the battle and decide whether to push north or attack Badajoz. We must explore from Coimbra. We decided not to attack Faro yet to build up a mixed army with spearmen."

That's better.

Now, check the statement: it's fine.

Now, let's consider if we should include any other movements. What about sending a single spearman from Santarem to Coimbra to scout? No, we are sending all 4.

What about the fact that we have 0 archers in the movements? We can just include them as 0.

Now, I'll output the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":1,"destinoId":3,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":0,"destinoId":1,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":3}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [0]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO envio [1]->[3]: 4S (alvo neutra lanceiro)
ACEITO envio [0]->[1]: 2S+3K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): We are attacking Coimbra with Santarem's spearmen to expand. We are building knights in Lisboa and spearmen in Santarem and Evora to strengthen our forces. We are sending reinforcements from Lisboa to Santarem. Next turn, we will assess the battle and decide whether to push north or attack Badajoz. We must explore from Coimbra. We decided not to attack Faro yet to build up a mixed army with spearmen.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): My armies march on Coimbra to claim it for the crown. My craftsmen forge new weapons to strengthen our ranks. Reinforcements rush to support our vanguard. The kingdom expands!
########## TURNO 3 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3115 | resposta 10123 | raciocinio 7702 | finish stop | ms 108133
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 22, \"toId\": 23, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 17, \"toId\": 20, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 3, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 21, \"toId\": 18, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 3}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"We will expand on two fronts this turn. On the east, Barcelona's 4 spearman will take Girona [23]. On the west, Zaragoza's 3 spearman and 2 archers will take Huesca [20] using the spearman-vs-knight counter. Tarragona's 3 knights will march to Castellon [18] to reinforce it for next turn's push on Valencia [16]. We will build 2 spearman at Barcelona and 2 spearman at Tarragona to replenish our ranks. Next turn, we will attack Valencia from Castellon and continue building our army to reach 18 villages.\",\n  \"statement\": \"Turn 3: Our forces have successfully consolidated our holdings of Castellon and Zaragoza. This turn, we launch a dual offensive: Barcelona's spearman march on Girona, while Zaragoza's spear-led army strikes Huesca, exploiting our counter advantage against their knights. Tarragona's knights are redeployed to Castellon to prepare for the assault on Valencia next turn. We are building 2 spearman at both Barcelona and Tarragona to sustain our expansion.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B in a strategy game.
Let's analyze the current state:
- I am King B.
- I currently hold 4 of 24 villages: Barcelona [22], Tarragona [21], Castellon [18], Zaragoza [17].
- I need to hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.
- I currently have 15 soldiers at home: 8 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight.
  - Barcelona [22]: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight (wood 30, iron 60)
  - Tarragona [21]: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight (wood 30, iron 20)
  - Castellon [18]: 1 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight (wood 0, iron 0)
  - Zaragoza [17]: 3 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight (wood 0, iron 0)
- Neutral villages I can see:
  - Girona [23]: 1 spearman, defense 3. March from Barcelona: 1 turn.
  - Huesca [20]: 2 knights, defense 5. March from Zaragoza: 1 turn.
  - Valencia [16]: 2 knights, defense 5. March from Castellon: 1 turn.
  - Teruel [13]: 3 archers, defense 8. March from Castellon: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast.
  - Madrid [12]: 3 archers, defense 8. March from Zaragoza: 1 turn.
  - Pamplona [19]: 3 knights, defense 8. March from Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast.

Let's look at the resources and what I can build:
- Barcelona: wood 30, iron 60. Can build:
  - spearman: costs 15 wood + 0 iron. Can build up to 2 (wood 30). But cap is 300, currently 4 at home.
  - archer: costs 20 wood + 10 iron. Can build up to 1 (wood 20, iron 10) or more? Wood 30, iron 60. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron - wait, wood is only 30, so only 1 archer if we only use Barcelona's wood, but resources belong to EACH village: a village pays for its own builds from its own stock. So Barcelona has wood 30, iron 60. It can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 1 knight or some spearman/archers.
  Wait, let's look at what we need.
  Let's look at the plan from last turn:
  "This turn, build 2 spearman at Barcelona and keep the garrison there. Split Tarragona's army: send a small archer-led force to Castellon (using the counter bonus) and a spearman-led force to Zaragoza (also with counter). Leave the 3 knights at Tarragona as a reserve. Next turn, use Barcelona's reinforced 4 spearman to take Girona, while the newly captured Castellon and Zaragoza launch attacks into Valencia, Teruel, and Madrid. Continue building troops to reach 18 villages."
  But the plan says "This turn, build 2 spearman at Barcelona... Split Tarragona's army..." but in the current state, we are at Turn 3, and the previous turn's actions already happened. The prompt says "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN: You attacked [18] Castellon: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 0 troops). You attacked [17] Zaragoza: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 1 troop)."
  So Castellon and Zaragoza are already conquered! They are listed under YOUR VILLAGES.
  And Tarragona has 3 knights, 0 spearman, 0 archer. Barcelona has 4 spearman.
  Let's see what we can do this turn (Turn 3).
  We have:
  Barcelona [22]: 4 spearman. Can march to Girona [23] (1 turn, neutral, 1 spearman, defense 3).
  Tarragona [21]: 3 knight. Can march to Zaragoza [17] (1 turn) or Castellon [18] (1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn) or Barcelona [22] (1 turn). Or we can just keep them in Tarragona. Or march them to some other place. But Tarragona is connected to: [17], [18], [22].
  Castellon [18]: 1 spearman, 2 archer. Connected to: [13] Teruel, [16] Valencia, [21] Tarragona.
  Zaragoza [17]: 3 spearman, 2 archer. Connected to: [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona.

Let's look at the neutral villages we can attack:
- Girona [23]: 1 spearman, defense 3. March from Barcelona [22] (1 turn).
  If we attack with Barcelona's 4 spearman:
  Attackers: 4 spearman. Attack value of spearman is 1. Total attack = 4.
  Defenders: 1 spearman in village. Defense value of spearman is 2. Location bonus: village is x1.25. So defense is 2 * 1.25 = 2.5 (or effective defense is 3, as listed: "effective defense (location bonus included): 3").
  Wait, the prompt says "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again."
  So Girona's defense is 3.
  Our attack is 4 spearman. Attack value = 4.
  Is there a counter? Spearman vs spearman is no counter (spearman counters knight). So attack = 4, defense = 3. We win! Losses: attrition against defender's effective force. Defender's effective force is 3. We lose some troops, but we win.
  Wait, can we send all 4 spearman from Barcelona to Girona? Yes.
  Let's check if we can build anything in Barcelona:
  wood 30, iron 60.
  Can build:
  - 2 spearman (costs 30 wood, 0 iron)
  - 1 archer (costs 20 wood, 10 iron)
  - 1 knight (costs 30 wood, 30 iron)
  Let's build 2 spearman at Barcelona, so next turn we have more troops, or build 1 knight for speed/attack.
  Wait, if we build 2 spearman, we have 4 + 2 = 6 spearman at Barcelona. But we might want to send some.
  Let's look at other villages:
  Castellon [18]: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build anything.
  Zaragoza [17]: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build anything.
  Tarragona [21]: wood 30, iron 20. Can build:
  - 2 spearman (30 wood)
  - 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron)
  Let's build 2 spearman at Tarragona or 1 archer.
  Wait, what are the connections and march distances?
  - Girona [23] from Barcelona: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
  - Huesca [20] from Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. (2 knights, defense 5)
  - Valencia [16] from Castellon: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. (2 knights, defense 5)
  - Teruel [13] from Castellon: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. (3 archers, defense 8)
  - Madrid [12] from Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. (3 archers, defense 8)
  - Pamplona [19] from Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. (3 knights, defense 8)

Let's look at the troops we have:
- Barcelona: 4 spearman. Can attack Girona [23] (1 spearman, def 3).
  Attack: 4 spearman (attack 4). Def: 3. We win, but lose some. Since defender is 3, we probably lose 1 or 2 spearman, but we take the village.
- Zaragoza: 3 spearman, 2 archer.
  Can attack Madrid [12] (3 archers, def 8).
  If we attack Madrid with 3 spearman, 2 archer:
  Most numerous type: spearman (3) vs archer (3). Tie breaks in the order spearman, archer, knight. So spearman is the most numerous type.
  Our army: 3 spearman, 2 archer. Most numerous is spearman.
  Defender: 3 archers. Most numerous is archer.
  Spearman vs archer: spearman does not counter archer, archer does not counter spearman. Wait, archer counters spearman, but here attacker is spearman, defender is archer. So defender has archer, attacker has spearman. Does defender get the counter bonus? "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5. The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
  So if attacker's most numerous is spearman, and defender's most numerous is archer: archer counters spearman. So the DEFENDER has the counter bonus!
  Defender's defense: 3 archers. Defense of archer is 2. Location bonus is x1.25 (village). Effective defense is 8 (as listed).
  If defender gets counter bonus: defense is multiplied by 1.5. So 8 * 1.5 = 12.
  Our attack: 3 spearman (attack 1 each = 3) + 2 archer (attack 2 each = 4). Total attack = 7.
  If we attack Madrid with 3 spearman, 2 archer, our attack is 7, defense is 12 (or even without counter, 8). We will lose badly.
  What if we attack Huesca [20] (2 knights, def 5)?
  Our army: 3 spearman, 2 archer. Most numerous: spearman.
  Defender: 2 knights. Most numerous: knight.
  Spearman counters knight! So ATTACKER gets counter bonus.
  Our attack: 3 spearman (3) + 2 archer (4) = 7. With counter bonus: 7 * 1.5 = 10.5.
  Defender: 2 knights. Defense of knight is 2. Village bonus x1.25. Effective defense is 5 (as listed).
  If defender gets counter? Knight vs spearman: knight does not counter spearman. Spearman counters knight, so attacker has counter, defender doesn't.
  So attacker effective force = 10.5, defender = 5. We win easily!
  Let's check if we can send Zaragoza's troops to Huesca [20]. March from Zaragoza to Huesca is 1 turn.
  Wait, what about Valencia [16] from Castellon?
  Castellon has 1 spearman, 2 archer. Most numerous: archer (2) vs spearman (1). Tie-breaker: spearman, archer, knight. So archer is most numerous.
  Defender: Valencia has 2 knights. Most numerous: knight.
  Archer vs knight: knight counters archer. So DEFENDER gets counter bonus.
  Our attack: 1 spearman (1) + 2 archer (4) = 5.
  Defender: 2 knights, defense 2 each = 4. Village bonus x1.25 = 5 (as listed). With counter bonus: 5 * 1.5 = 7.5.
  Our attack is 5, defender is 7.5. We lose.
  What if we send Castellon's troops to Teruel [13] (3 archers, def 8)?
  Our troops: 1 spearman, 2 archer. Most numerous: archer.
  Defender: 3 archers. Most numerous: archer.
  Archer vs archer: no counter.
  Our attack: 1 spearman (1) + 2 archer (4) = 5.
  Defender: 3 archers, defense 8. We lose (5 vs 8).

So, let's look at the attacks we can do this turn:
1. Barcelona [22] -> Girona [23] (1 spearman, def 3).
   Troops: 4 spearman. Attack = 4. Def = 3. We win, take Girona.
   Wait, can we send more troops to Barcelona first? We can build 2 spearman at Barcelona, but they won't be ready in time to march this turn if we build and march? "ready in 1 turn" means they are ready at the end of the turn or start of next turn? Usually, "ready in 1 turn" means if we order build now, they are ready next turn. But let's check: "spearman: costs 15 wood + 0 iron, ready in 1 turn." So they cannot march this turn if we build them now. But we can build them for next turn.
   Wait, we have 4 spearman at Barcelona now. We can send them to Girona.
   Can we send Tarragona's 3 knights somewhere?
   Tarragona [21] is connected to Zaragoza [17], Castellon [18], Barcelona [22].
   We can send them to Zaragoza [17] or Castellon [18] to reinforce them, or keep them in Tarragona.
   If we send them to Zaragoza, they will join Zaragoza's garrison. Zaragoza is ours, so they just march there and join.
   Wait, Zaragoza has 3 spearman, 2 archer. If we send 3 knights from Tarragona to Zaragoza, next turn Zaragoza will have 3 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight.
   Or we can send them to Castellon [18] (1 spearman, 2 archer). Castellon will have 1 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight.
   Or we can send them to Barcelona [22] to protect the capital.
   Let's check the march distances:
   Tarragona to Zaragoza: 1 turn.
   Tarragona to Castellon: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Since Tarragona only has knights (fast), it takes 1 fast turn.
   Tarragona to Barcelona: 1 turn.

Let's think about the campaign plan.
We need to expand quickly. We have 4 villages. We need 18 to win.
We can take Girona [23] this turn with Barcelona's 4 spearman.
From Zaragoza, we can attack Huesca [20] (2 knights, def 5) with 3 spearman, 2 archer. We calculated we win with 10.5 vs 5.
Let's double check the counter for Huesca:
Attacker: 3 spearman, 2 archer. Most numerous: spearman (3).
Defender: 2 knights. Most numerous: knight (2).
Spearman counters knight. Attacker gets 1.5x bonus.
Attacker attack: 3 spearman (3 * 1 = 3) + 2 archer (2 * 2 = 4) = 7.
With 1.5x bonus: 7 * 1.5 = 10.5.
Defender: 2 knights. Defense of knight is 2. Village bonus x1.25. Effective defense is 5 (as listed).
Does defender get counter? Knight vs spearman: knight does not counter spearman. So no defender bonus.
So attacker 10.5 vs defender 5. We win!
Losses: attrition against loser's effective force. Loser's effective force is 5. So we lose some troops, but we win and take Huesca.
Let's check if we can send Zaragoza's troops to Huesca. Yes, march from Zaragoza to Huesca is 1 turn.
So we can do:
- Barcelona -> Girona: 4 spearman.
- Zaragoza -> Huesca: 3 spearman, 2 archer.
Wait, if we send all Zaragoza troops to Huesca, Zaragoza will be empty. But Zaragoza is our village, so it will just have 0 troops. That's fine, we can reinforce it later or build troops there (but it has 0 wood, 0 iron, so we can't build until we get resources, but it produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn! So next turn it will have 30 wood, 20 iron and can build).
Wait, if we send Zaragoza's troops to Huesca, we leave Zaragoza undefended. But there are no enemy troops nearby to attack it immediately.
What about Castellon [18]? It has 1 spearman, 2 archer.
Can we attack Valencia [16] (2 knights, def 5)?
Attacker: 1 spearman, 2 archer. Most numerous: archer (2) vs spearman (1). Tie-breaker: spearman, archer, knight. So archer is most numerous.
Defender: 2 knights. Most numerous: knight.
Archer vs knight: knight counters archer. Defender gets 1.5x bonus.
Attacker attack: 1 spearman (1) + 2 archer (4) = 5.
Defender defense: 2 knights, defense 5. With bonus: 5 * 1.5 = 7.5.
We lose (5 vs 7.5).
What if we send Castellon's troops to Teruel [13] (3 archers, def 8)?
Attacker: 1 spearman, 2 archer. Most numerous: archer.
Defender: 3 archers. Most numerous: archer.
No counter.
Attacker attack: 5.
Defender defense: 8.
We lose (5 vs 8).
What if we don't attack with Castellon, but just keep them there, or send them to Zaragoza to reinforce?
If we send Castellon's troops to Zaragoza, they can help defend Zaragoza or go to Huesca next turn. But Zaragoza to Huesca is 1 turn, Castellon to Zaragoza is 1 turn (via Tarragona? No, Castellon is connected to Tarragona, Tarragona to Zaragoza. So Castellon to Zaragoza is 2 turns).
Let's look at the road network:
Castellon [18] is connected to: [13] Teruel, [16] Valencia, [21] Tarragona.
Zaragoza [17] is connected to: [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona.
So Castellon to Zaragoza is: Castellon -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza. That's 2 turns.
So we cannot send Castellon troops to Zaragoza in 1 turn.
Can we send Tarragona's 3 knights to Castellon to reinforce it?
Tarragona to Castellon is 1 turn.
If we send 3 knights to Castellon, Castellon will have 1 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight.
Then next turn, Castellon can attack Valencia [16] with 1 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight.
Let's calculate that attack:
Attacker: 1 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. Most numerous: knight (3).
Defender: 2 knights. Most numerous: knight (2).
Knight vs knight: no counter.
Attacker attack: 1 spearman (1) + 2 archer (4) + 3 knight (12) = 17.
Defender defense: 2 knights, defense 5.
We win easily (17 vs 5).
So sending Tarragona's knights to Castellon is a great idea to prepare for Valencia next turn!
What about Tarragona itself? If we send all 3 knights to Castellon, Tarragoa will have 0 troops. But Tarragona is connected to Barcelona, Zaragoza, Castellon. It's safe for now.
What about Barcelona? We send 4 spearman to Girona [23].
Girona has 1 spearman, def 3.
Attack: 4 spearman (4). Def: 3. We win, take Girona.
Can we build troops this turn?
Let's look at resources:
Barcelona: wood 30, iron 60.
We can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
Let's build 2 spearman at Barcelona. They will be ready next turn.
Tarragona: wood 30, iron 20.
We can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
Let's build 2 spearman at Tarragona. They will be ready next turn.
Castellon: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.
Zaragoza: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.

Let's review the plan for this turn:
Build:
- Barcelona: 2 spearman.
- Tarragona: 2 spearman.
Movements:
- Barcelona -> Girona: 4 spearman.
- Zaragoza -> Huesca: 3 spearman, 2 archer.
- Tarragona -> Castellon: 3 knight.
Wait, if we send Zaragoza's troops to Huesca, Zaragoza is empty.
Is there any threat to Zaragoza?
Madrid [12] is neutral (3 archers). Pamplona [19] is neutral (3 knights). Huesca [20] is neutral (2 knights).
If we attack Huesca, it becomes ours. Madrid and Pamplona are still neutral, so they won't attack us unless we attack them or they expand. Neutral villages don't attack unless we attack them or they harden and maybe they just stay neutral. "Neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type." They don't actively attack players unless attacked.
So leaving Zaragoza empty is fine.
But wait, if we send Tarragona's knights to Castellon, and Zaragoza's troops to Huesca, then we have:
- Barcelona: 4 spearman (sent to Girona) + 2 spearman (built) = 2 spearman left at home.
- Tarragona: 3 knight (sent to Castellon) + 2 spearman (built) = 2 spearman left at home.
- Castellon: 1 spearman, 2 archer + 3 knight (from Tarragona) = 1 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight.
- Zaragoza: 3 spearman, 2 archer (sent to Huesca) = 0 troops left.
- Girona: captured, will have some troops (we sent 4 spearman, they will fight 1 spearman, we probably lose 1 or 2, so 2 or 3 spearman will remain as garrison).
- Huesca: captured, we sent 3 spearman, 2 archer. They fight 2 knights (def 5). We lose some, but some will remain as garrison.

Let's check if we can send Tarragona's knights to Zaragoza instead of Castellon?
If we send Tarragona's knights to Zaragoza, Zaragoza will have 3 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. But we already sent Zaragoza's troops to Huesca. If we send Tarragona's knights to Zaragoza, they will arrive after Zaragoza's troops have left? "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now. Nothing you order this turn is visible to them before it happens."
So if we order Zaragoza to send troops to Huesca, and Tarragona to send knights to Zaragoza, the knights will march to Zaragoza and arrive. But since Zaragoza's troops are also marching to Huesca, they both happen simultaneously. The knights will arrive at Zaragoza and join the garrison (which might be empty or still have some troops if they didn't all leave? No, we sent all of them: 3 spearman, 2 archer). So Zaragoza will just have the 3 knights.
But if we send Tarragona's knights to Castellon, Castellon gets reinforced, and next turn Castellon can attack Valencia.
Let's look at the map and our expansion.
We want to expand towards the south and east.
Castellon is next to Valencia [16] and Teruel [13].
Zaragoza is next to Madrid [12], Teruel [13], Pamplona [19], Huesca [20].
If we take Huesca [20], we are close to Pamplona [19] and Burgos [14] (unexplored).
If we take Girona [23], we are at the coast, close to the enemy capital? No, enemy capital is Lisboa [0], which is far south-west.
Let's look at the road network for the enemy capital:
Lisboa [0] is connected to Santarem [1] and Evora [2].
Santarem [1] is connected to Coimbra [3], Badajoz [4].
Badajoz [4] is connected to Faro [5], Salamanca [7], Toledo [8], Sevilha [9].
Toledo [8] is connected to Madrid [12], Teruel [13], Cordoba [11].
So to reach the enemy capital, we need to go through Madrid [12] -> Toledo [8] -> Badajoz [4] -> Santarem [1] -> Lisboa [0], or similar.
So taking Madrid [12] is very important!
Madrid is currently neutral with 3 archers, def 8.
To take Madrid, we need a strong army.
Currently, Zaragoza has 3 spearman, 2 archer. If we keep them in Zaragoza, can we attack Madrid [12] this turn?
Let's calculate attack on Madrid with 3 spearman, 2 archer:
Attacker: 3 spearman, 2 archer. Most numerous: spearman.
Defender: 3 archers. Most numerous: archer.
Archer counters spearman. Defender gets 1.5x bonus.
Attacker attack: 3 spearman (3) + 2 archer (4) = 7.
Defender defense: 3 archers, defense 8. With bonus: 8 * 1.5 = 12.
We lose (7 vs 12).
What if we send Tarragona's 3 knights to Zaragoza, and then attack Madrid with 3 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight?
Attacker: 3 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. Most numerous: spearman (3) vs knight (3). Tie-breaker: spearman, archer, knight. So spearman is most numerous.
Defender: 3 archers. Most numerous: archer.
Archer counters spearman. Defender gets 1.5x bonus.
Attacker attack: 3 spearman (3) + 2 archer (4) + 3 knight (12) = 19.
Defender defense: 3 archers, defense 8. With bonus: 8 * 1.5 = 12.
We win (19 vs 12)!
This is a great option! If we attack Madrid with 3 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight, we can take Madrid this turn!
Let's check the march distance:
Tarragona to Zaragoza is 1 turn.
Zaragoza to Madrid is 1 turn.
But wait! If we send Tarragona's knights to Zaragoza, they arrive at Zaragoza this turn. But Zaragoza's troops are already there. Can we combine them for an attack on Madrid in the SAME turn?
"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
Ah! "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So if we send Tarragona's knights to Madrid, and Zaragoza's troops to Madrid, they will fight separately!
Let's see:
Send 1: Zaragoza -> Madrid: 3 spearman, 2 archer. Attack = 7. Defender = 12 (with bonus). We lose this fight, and the defender wins, taking losses. Then Send 2: Tarragona -> Madrid: 3 knight. Attack = 12. Defender is already weakened, but still has some troops. But since they fight one at a time, the first fight (Zaragoza's troops) will lose, and the defender will take losses but still be there. Then the second fight (Tarragona's knights) will fight the remaining defenders.
But wait, if we send Tarragona's knights to Zaragoza (which is our village), they join the garrison. Then NEXT turn, we can attack Madrid with the combined army. But we want to attack Madrid THIS turn if possible.
Can we send Tarragona's knights directly to Madrid?
Let's check the road network:
Tarragona [21] is connected to: [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [22] Barcelona.
Madrid [12] is connected to: [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza.
So Tarragona cannot march directly to Madrid. It must go through Zaragoza.
Since armies march along the road network, and "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination."
If we order Tarragona's knights to march to Madrid, they will march Tarragona -> Zaragoza. Since Zaragoza is OUR village, they will NOT stop there, they will continue to Madrid!
Wait! "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination. You cannot march past an enemy or neutral village to hit one behind it."
Since Zaragoza is OUR village, they will pass through it and continue to Madrid!
But how many turns does it take?
Tarragona to Zaragoza is 1 turn. Zaragoza to Madrid is 1 turn. So Tarragona to Madrid is 2 turns!
So they cannot reach Madrid in 1 turn. They will arrive at Madrid in 2 turns.
What about Zaragoza to Madrid? It is 1 turn.
So if we want to attack Madrid this turn, we can only use troops starting in Zaragoza (or Barcelona, but Barcelona to Madrid is Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> Madrid, which is 3 turns).
So only Zaragoza's troops can reach Madrid this turn.
And Zaragoza's troops are 3 spearman, 2 archer. As calculated, they lose against Madrid's 3 archers (7 vs 12).
So we cannot take Madrid this turn unless we reinforce Zaragoza first, but reinforcing Zaragoza takes 1 turn (from Tarragona), so the reinforcements arrive at Zaragoza this turn, but cannot reach Madrid this turn because Zaragoza to Madrid is 1 turn, so they would arrive next turn.
Wait, if we send Tarragona's knights to Zaragoza, they arrive at Zaragoza this turn. Can they then march to Madrid in the same turn? No, because they already used their turn marching to Zaragoza. A troop can only march a certain distance per turn.
So we cannot attack Madrid this turn with reinforced troops.
What about Huesca [20]?
Zaragoza to Huesca is 1 turn.
Zaragoza's troops: 3 spearman, 2 archer.
As calculated, they beat Huesca's 2 knights (10.5 vs 5).
So we can take Huesca this turn!
What about Girona [23]?
Barcelona to Girona is 1 turn.
Barcelona's troops: 4 spearman.
They beat Girona's 1 spearman (4 vs 3).
So we can take Girona this turn!

Let's look at Valencia [16] from Castellon [18].
Castellon to Valencia is 1 turn.
Castellon's troops: 1 spearman, 2 archer.
As calculated, they lose to Valencia's 2 knights (5 vs 7.5).
Can we reinforce Castellon this turn?
Tarragona to Castellon is 1 turn.
If we send Tarragona's 3 knights to Castellon, they arrive at Castellon this turn. But they cannot attack Valencia this turn because they just arrived. They can only attack next turn.
So this turn, Castellon cannot take Valencia.
Can Castellon take Teruel [13]?
Castellon to Teruel is 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Since Castellon has spearman (slow) and archer (medium), it takes 2 turns anyway. So we cannot take Teruel this turn.

So the best moves for this turn are:
1. Barcelona [22] -> Girona [23]: 4 spearman. (Takes Girona)
2. Zaragoza [17] -> Huesca [20]: 3 spearman, 2 archer. (Takes Huesca)
3. Tarragona [21] -> Castellon [18]: 3 knight. (Reinforces Castellon for next turn's attack on Valencia)
4. Build troops:
   - Barcelona: 2 spearman (costs 30 wood, 0 iron. Barcelona has 30 wood, 60 iron).
   - Tarragona: 2 spearman (costs 30 wood, 0 iron. Tarragona has 30 wood, 20 iron).
   Wait, can we build knights instead?
   Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron.
   Barcelona has 30 wood, 60 iron. Can build 1 knight.
   Tarragona has 30 wood, 20 iron. Cannot build knight (needs 30 iron).
   Should we build 2 spearman at Barcelona and 2 spearman at Tarragona?
   Yes, spearman are cheap and useful for countering knights (like in Huesca).
   Let's check if we should build archers.
   Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron.
   Barcelona can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
   Tarragona can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
   But spearman are more numerous and cheaper. Let's build 2 spearman at Barcelona and 2 spearman at Tarragona.

Let's double check the combat for Girona:
Attacker: 4 spearman. Attack = 4.
Defender: 1 spearman. Effective defense = 3.
We win. Losses: we lose some spearman, but we take the village.
Let's double check the combat for Huesca:
Attacker: 3 spearman, 2 archer.
Most numerous: spearman (3).
Defender: 2 knights. Most numerous: knight (2).
Spearman counters knight. Attacker gets 1.5x bonus.
Attacker attack: 3 * 1 (spearman) + 2 * 2 (archer) = 7.
With bonus: 7 * 1.5 = 10.5.
Defender defense: 2 knights. Effective defense = 5.
We win (10.5 vs 5).
Losses: we lose some troops, but we take Huesca.

Let's write down the plan and statement.
Plan:
"We will expand on two fronts this turn. On the east, Barcelona's 4 spearman will take Girona [23]. On the west, Zaragoza's 3 spearman and 2 archers will take Huesca [20] using the spearman-vs-knight counter. Tarragona's 3 knights will march to Castellon [18] to reinforce it for next turn's push on Valencia [16]. We will build 2 spearman at Barcelona and 2 spearman at Tarragona to replenish our ranks. Next turn, we will attack Valencia from Castellon and continue building our army to reach 18 villages."

Statement:
"Turn 3: Our forces have successfully consolidated our holdings of Castellon and Zaragoza. This turn, we launch a dual offensive: Barcelona's spearman march on Girona, while Zaragoza's spear-led army strikes Huesca, exploiting our counter advantage against their knights. Tarragona's knights are redeployed to Castellon to prepare for the assault on Valencia next turn. We are building 2 spearman at both Barcelona and Tarragona to sustain our expansion."

Let's check the JSON format:
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 22, "toId": 23, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 17, "toId": 20, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 2, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 21, "toId": 18, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 3}}
  ],
  "plan": "We will expand on two fronts this turn. On the east, Barcelona's 4 spearman will take Girona [23]. On the west, Zaragoza's 3 spearman and 2 archers will take Huesca [20] using the spearman-vs-knight counter. Tarragona's 3 knights will march to Castellon [18] to reinforce it for next turn's push on Valencia [16]. We will build 2 spearman at Barcelona and 2 spearman at Tarragona to replenish our ranks. Next turn, we will attack Valencia from Castellon and continue building our army to reach 18 villages.",
  "statement": "Turn 3: Our forces have successfully consolidated our holdings of Castellon and Zaragoza. This turn, we launch a dual offensive: Barcelona's spearman march on Girona, while Zaragoza's spear-led army strikes Huesca, exploiting our counter advantage against their knights. Tarragona's knights are redeployed to Castellon to prepare for the assault on Valencia next turn. We are building 2 spearman at both Barcelona and Tarragona to sustain our expansion."
}

Let's verify the village IDs:
- Barcelona: 22
- Tarragona: 21
- Castellon: 18
- Zaragoza: 17
- Girona: 23
- Huesca: 20
- Valencia: 16

Let's verify the troops available to send:
- Barcelona: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. (We send 4 spearman to 23). Correct.
- Zaragoza: 3 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight. (We send 3 spearman, 2 archer to 20). Correct.
- Tarragona: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight. (We send 3 knight to 18). Correct.

Let's verify the build costs:
- Barcelona: wood 30, iron 60. Building 2 spearman costs 2 * 15 = 30 wood, 0 iron. We have 30 wood, 60 iron. Correct.
- Tarragona: wood 30, iron 20. Building 2 spearman costs 2 * 15 = 30 wood, 0 iron. We have 30 wood, 20 iron. Correct.

Let's verify if there are any other villages we can build in:
- Castellon: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.
- Zaragoza: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.

Let's verify if the movements are valid:
- 22 to 23: Barcelona to Girona. Road: [22] Barcelona - [23] Girona. Yes, directly connected.
- 17 to 20: Zaragoza to Huesca. Road: [17] Zaragoza - [20] Huesca. Yes, directly connected.
- 21 to 18: Tarragona to Castellon. Road: [21] Tarragona - [18] Castellon. Yes, directly connected.

Everything looks perfectly valid and optimal.
I will output the JSON now.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":22,"destinoId":23,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":17,"destinoId":20,"tropas":{"lanceiro":3,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":21,"destinoId":18,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":3}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [21]
ACEITO envio [22]->[23]: 4S (alvo neutra lanceiro)
ACEITO envio [17]->[20]: 3S+2A (alvo neutra cavaleiro)
ACEITO envio [21]->[18]: 3K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): We will expand on two fronts this turn. On the east, Barcelona's 4 spearman will take Girona [23]. On the west, Zaragoza's 3 spearman and 2 archers will take Huesca [20] using the spearman-vs-knight counter. Tarragona's 3 knights will march to Castellon [18] to reinforce it for next turn's push on Valencia [16]. We will build 2 spearman at Barcelona and 2 spearman at Tarragona to replenish our ranks. Next turn, we will attack Valencia from Castellon and continue building our army to reach 18 villages.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): Turn 3: Our forces have successfully consolidated our holdings of Castellon and Zaragoza. This turn, we launch a dual offensive: Barcelona's spearman march on Girona, while Zaragoza's spear-led army strikes Huesca, exploiting our counter advantage against their knights. Tarragona's knights are redeployed to Castellon to prepare for the assault on Valencia next turn. We are building 2 spearman at both Barcelona and Tarragona to sustain our expansion.
COMBATE [18] Castellon: atacante B Fatk=5 (ef 8) Fdef=2 (ef 3) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~1
COMBATE [17] Zaragoza: atacante B Fatk=8 (ef 12) Fdef=4 (ef 5) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~2
placar: A 3 ald/tropas 4 | B 4 ald/tropas 3 | neutras 17 | transito 5 (A 2 | B 3)

########## TURNO 4 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 2954 | resposta 6674 | raciocinio 5196 | finish stop | ms 76318
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 1, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"knight\": 4}},\n    {\"fromId\": 2, \"toId\": 5, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 4, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 0, \"toId\": 1, \"troops\": {\"knight\": 2}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Attack Badajoz from Santarem and Faro from Evora to expand our territory. Build knights in Santarem and Evora, and spearmen in Lisboa. Send reinforcements from Lisboa to Santarem. Next turn, we will assess the battles and plan the next expansion towards Porto and Salamanca from Coimbra.\",\n  \"statement\": \"We have consolidated our hold on Coimbra and now we strike at the neutral villages of Badajoz and Faro to expand our territory. Our knights and spearmen march from Santarem and Evora, while Lisboa sends its knights to reinforce Santarem for the next phase of our campaign.\"\n}"
raciocinio: We are King A. The user wants a JSON response with "build", "movements", "plan", and "statement".
We need to decide on the actions for this turn (Turn 4).

Let's review the state:
Villages:
[0] Lisboa: 2 knights, wood 30, iron 20. Effective defense: 6.
[1] Santarem: 4 spearman, 3 knight, wood 30, iron 40. Effective defense: 18.
[2] Evora: 2 spearman, 4 archer, wood 30, iron 40. Effective defense: 15.
[3] Coimbra: 3 spearman, wood 0, iron 0. Effective defense: 8.

We need to build troops and make movements.
Total troops at home: 9 spearman, 4 archer, 5 knight.
We need to hold 18 of 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. We currently hold 4 of 24.
Neutral villages nearby:
[4] Badajoz: 2 knights, defense 5. March from [1] Santarem: 1 fast turn.
[5] Faro: 2 knights, defense 5. March from [2] Evora: 1 fast turn.
[6] Porto: 2 knights, defense 5. March from [3] Coimbra: 1 fast turn.
[7] Salamanca: 3 archers, defense 8. March from [3] Coimbra: 1 fast turn.

Let's look at the resources and builds.
Each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn.
Lisboa: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 2 knights (needs 60 wood, 60 iron - wait, it has 30 wood, 20 iron, so it cannot build a knight this turn. It can build 1 spearman (15 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Let's see: 1 spearman costs 15 wood, 0 iron. Lisboa has 30 wood, 20 iron. So it can build 1 spearman or 1 archer).
Santarem: wood 30, iron 40. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 1 knight or 2 spearmen.
Evora: wood 30, iron 40. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 spearmen (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
Coimbra: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build anything.

Let's think about strategy.
We need to expand. We have Coimbra, which connects to Porto [6] and Salamanca [7].
Porto has 2 knights, defense 5. Salamanca has 3 archers, defense 8.
If we attack Porto from Coimbra: Coimbra has 3 spearman. Attack power 3. Defense of Porto is 5. We would lose. We need more troops.
If we attack Salamanca: 3 spearman vs 3 archers. Spearman attack 1, archer defense 2. We have 3 attack, they have 2 defense each, total defense 6? Or is defense per troop? "effective defense (location bonus included): 8". It says "effective defense... 8". So we just compare our total attack vs their effective defense. Our 3 spearman have attack 3. Their defense is 8. We lose.
We need to reinforce Coimbra or attack easier targets.
Badajoz [4] has 2 knights, defense 5. March from Santarem: 1 turn. Santarem has 4 spearman, 3 knight.
If we send 4 spearman and 3 knight from Santarem to Badajoz:
Troops: 4 spearman (attack 4), 3 knight (attack 12). Total attack 16. Most numerous: spearman (4) vs knight (3). Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight -> spearman is most numerous.
Counter triangle: spearman counters knight. We have spearman and knights. Spearman counters knight, so we get a 1.5x multiplier? "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup".
So if spearman is most numerous, and they have knights, spearman counters knight, so our force is multiplied by 1.5.
Effective attack = 16 * 1.5 = 24. Defense of Badajoz is 5. We win easily.
But we need to consider travel time and if we can take it. Badajoz is neutral, 2 knights. If we attack, we take it.
What about Faro [5]? Neutral, 2 knights, defense 5. March from Evora: 1 turn. Evora has 2 spearman, 4 archer.
If we send 2 spearman, 4 archer to Faro:
Attack: spearman 2, archer 8 (each archer attack 2, so 4 archers = 8). Total attack 10. Most numerous: archer (4) vs spearman (2). Archer is most numerous. Neutral has knights. Archer does not counter knight. Knight counters archer. So no counter bonus. Attack 10 vs defense 5. We win.
But we can also send knights from Lisboa to Santarem, then to Badajoz? No, we can send to Santarem to reinforce, then next turn attack.
Let's see if we should attack Badajoz and Faro this turn.
If we attack Badajoz from Santarem: we send 4 spearman, 3 knight. Travel time: 1 fast turn (knights are fast, spearman slow, mixed army marches at slowest, so 1 slow turn? "march from [1] Santarem: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" - wait, the report says "march from [1] Santarem: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". This means the distance is 1 slow turn, 1 medium turn, 1 fast turn. So if we send a mixed army, it takes 1 slow turn (which is the longest). So it arrives in 1 turn.
If we attack Faro from Evora: send 2 spearman, 4 archer. March takes 1 slow turn.
If we attack Porto from Coimbra: send 3 spearman. March takes 1 slow turn. But Porto has 2 knights, defense 5. Our attack is 3. We lose.
If we attack Salamanca from Coimbra: send 3 spearman. March takes 2 slow turns. We lose.

Let's look at the build options.
Lisboa: can build 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron). Let's build 1 spearman.
Santarem: can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 2 spearman.
Evora: can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Let's build 2 spearman.
Coimbra: cannot build.

Let's check the troop counts and attacks.
If we send 4 spearman, 3 knight from Santarem to Badajoz.
If we send 2 spearman, 4 archer from Evora to Faro.
We should also consider reinforcing Coimbra. Coimbra has 3 spearman. We can send troops from Santarem to Coimbra. But Santarem is sending to Badajoz. Can we send from Lisboa to Coimbra? Lisboa to Coimbra is not directly connected. Lisboa connects to Santarem and Evora. So we can send from Lisboa to Santarem, then next turn to Coimbra.
Or we can send from Evora to Coimbra? Evora connects to Lisboa and Faro. Not Coimbra.
So Coimbra is only connected to Santarem, Porto, Salamanca.
We can send from Santarem to Coimbra. But if we send to Badajoz, we use Santarem's troops.
What if we send 3 knight from Lisboa to Santarem? Lisboa has 2 knight. We can send them to Santarem.
Let's see: Lisboa has 2 knight. We can send them to Santarem. Travel time: Lisboa to Santarem is 1 fast turn? "march from [1] Santarem: ..." Wait, the road network says Lisboa [0] connects to Santarem [1] and Evora [2]. The distance is not specified in the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" block for Lisboa, but we can infer it's 1 turn.
If we send 2 knights from Lisboa to Santarem, they arrive next turn. Then Santarem will have 4 spearman, 5 knight. Then next turn we can attack Badajoz with more troops, or attack somewhere else.
But we want to expand now. Attacking Badajoz and Faro this turn is good because they are neutral and weak.
Let's calculate the battles:
Attack Badajoz: 4 spearman, 3 knight.
Most numerous: spearman (4). Enemy: knights. Spearman counters knight. Multiplier 1.5.
Attack: spearman 4 * 1 = 4. Knight 3 * 4 = 12. Total 16. With multiplier: 16 * 1.5 = 24.
Defense: Badajoz has 2 knights, effective defense 5.
Winner: us. Losses: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." Effective force of loser: 2 knights, attack 8? Or defense? "attrition against the loser's effective force". Usually, the loser's effective force is their attack or defense? "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER. The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
If our effective force is 24, theirs is 5. We take losses proportional to their effective force? Or we lose some troops. The exact formula isn't fully specified, but we will win and take Badajoz.
Attack Faro: 2 spearman, 4 archer.
Most numerous: archer (4). Enemy: knights. Archer does not counter knight. No multiplier.
Attack: spearman 2 * 1 = 2. Archer 4 * 2 = 8. Total 10.
Defense: Faro has 2 knights, effective defense 5.
Winner: us. We take Faro.

What about Coimbra? We just conquered it. It has 3 spearman. We should reinforce it. We can send troops from Santarem to Coimbra. But Santarem is attacking Badajoz. If we send from Santarem to Coimbra, we can't send to Badajoz. We can send from Lisboa to Santarem, and then from Santarem to Coimbra? No, orders are simultaneous. We can send from Lisboa to Santarem, and from Santarem to Coimbra. But the troops from Lisboa won't arrive at Santarem until next turn, so they can't be sent from Santarem to Coimbra this turn.
We can send from Santarem to Coimbra instead of attacking Badajoz. But then we don't take Badajoz.
Maybe we should attack Badajoz and Faro, and leave Coimbra as is for now. Coimbra has 3 spearman, defense 8. It might hold against a weak attack.
Let's see if we can build troops in Coimbra. No resources.
Let's build in Lisboa, Santarem, Evora.
Lisboa: 1 spearman (15 wood). Wood 30 -> 15. Iron 20.
Santarem: 2 spearman (30 wood). Wood 30 -> 0. Iron 40.
Evora: 2 spearman (30 wood). Wood 30 -> 0. Iron 40.
Wait, Evora has 4 archer already. Building spearmen is good for counter.
Let's check if we can build knights. Lisboa has 30 wood, 20 iron. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Not enough iron. Santarem has 30 wood, 40 iron. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Evora has 30 wood, 40 iron. Can build 1 knight.
If we build knights, we have more attack power. But spearmen are cheaper and we need them to counter knights.
Let's build 1 knight in Santarem and 1 knight in Evora?
Santarem: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Wood 30 -> 0. Iron 40 -> 10.
Evora: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Wood 30 -> 0. Iron 40 -> 10.
Lisboa: 1 spearman (15 wood). Wood 30 -> 15. Iron 20.
Then we have:
Lisboa: 2 knight, 1 spearman.
Santarem: 4 spearman, 4 knight (3 original + 1 built).
Evora: 2 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight.
Coimbra: 3 spearman.

If we attack Badajoz from Santarem: send 4 spearman, 4 knight.
Most numerous: spearman (4) vs knight (4). Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight -> spearman is most numerous.
Spearman counters knight. Multiplier 1.5.
Attack: spearman 4, knight 16. Total 20. With multiplier: 30. Defense 5. Easy win.
If we attack Faro from Evora: send 2 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight.
Most numerous: archer (4). Enemy: knights. No counter.
Attack: spearman 2, archer 8, knight 4. Total 14. Defense 5. Win.
This seems good.

Let's check the travel times.
Santarem to Badajoz: 1 slow turn.
Evora to Faro: 1 slow turn.
We should also send reinforcements to Coimbra. We can send from Lisboa to Coimbra? No direct road. We can send from Santarem to Coimbra, but Santarem is attacking Badajoz. We can send from Evora to Coimbra? No direct road.
What about sending from Lisboa to Santarem to reinforce Santarem for future? Lisboa has 2 knight, 1 spearman. We can send 2 knight to Santarem. Travel time: Lisboa to Santarem is 1 fast turn (since knights are fast). So they arrive next turn.
Or we can send 1 spearman from Lisboa to Santarem.
Let's send 2 knight from Lisboa to Santarem. They will join Santarem's garrison.
Wait, if we send them to Santarem, they arrive next turn. Santarem will have 4 spearman, 4 knight (from build) + 2 knight (from Lisboa) = 4 spearman, 6 knight. Then next turn we can attack Porto or Salamanca.
But we also need to defend our villages. Our villages are interior, no enemy border. So defense is not immediately critical.

Let's review the plan from last turn:
"We are attacking Coimbra with Santarem's spearmen to expand. We are building knights in Lisboa and spearmen in Santarem and Evora to strengthen our forces. We are sending reinforcements from Lisboa to Santarem. Next turn, we will assess the battle and decide whether to push north or attack Badajoz. We must explore from Coimbra. We decided not to attack Faro yet to build up a mixed army with spearmen."
We attacked Coimbra and won. Now we have Coimbra.
We should attack Badajoz and Faro this turn to expand.
We should build troops.
Let's write the plan for next turn:
"plan": "Attack Badajoz from Santarem and Faro from Evora to expand our territory. Build knights in Santarem and Evora, and spearmen in Lisboa. Send reinforcements from Lisboa to Santarem. Next turn, we will assess the battles and plan the next expansion towards Porto and Salamanca from Coimbra."

Let's double check the build costs and resources.
Lisboa: wood 30, iron 20. Build 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron). Remaining: wood 15, iron 20.
Santarem: wood 30, iron 40. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: wood 0, iron 10.
Evora: wood 30, iron 40. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: wood 0, iron 10.
Coimbra: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.

Movements:
From Santarem to Badajoz: 4 spearman, 4 knight.
From Evora to Faro: 2 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight.
From Lisboa to Santarem: 2 knight.

Wait, if we send 4 spearman and 4 knight from Santarem, we send all available? Santarem has 4 spearman, 3 knight originally. We build 1 knight, so 4 spearman, 4 knight. If we send all, Santarem has 0 troops left. Is that okay? Yes, we are attacking.
Evora has 2 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight (built). If we send all, Evora has 0 troops left. That's okay.
Lisboa has 2 knight, 1 spearman (built). We send 2 knight to Santarem. Lisboa has 1 spearman left.
Coimbra has 3 spearman. We leave them there.

Let's check if we can send 2 knight from Lisboa to Santarem. Lisboa has 2 knight. Yes.
Travel time: Lisboa to Santarem is 1 fast turn. So they arrive next turn.

Let's check the JSON format.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 1, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "knight": 4}},
    {"fromId": 2, "toId": 5, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 4, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 0, "toId": 1, "troops": {"knight": 2}}
  ],
  "plan": "Attack Badajoz from Santarem and Faro from Evora to expand our territory. Build knights in Santarem and Evora, and spearmen in Lisboa. Send reinforcements from Lisboa to Santarem. Next turn, we will assess the battles and plan the next expansion towards Porto and Salamanca from Coimbra.",
  "statement": "We have consolidated our hold on Coimbra and now we strike at the neutral villages of Badajoz and Faro to expand our territory. Our knights and spearmen march from Santarem and Evora, while Lisboa sends its knights to reinforce Santarem for the next phase of our campaign."
}

Let's review the rules.
"Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."
Lisboa: wood 30, iron 20. Spearman costs 15 wood, 0 iron. Can pay.
Santarem: wood 30, iron 40. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Can pay.
Evora: wood 30, iron 40. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Can pay.

"Each village you hold produces resources every turn, and resources are what build your army."
"Cap per village: when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building"
We are well below 300.

"Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now."
"Armies march along the ROAD NETWORK"
"An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there"
From Santarem to Badajoz: Santarem [1] connects to Badajoz [4] directly. So no intermediate villages.
From Evora to Faro: Evora [2] connects to Faro [5] directly.
From Lisboa to Santarem: Lisboa [0] connects to Santarem [1] directly.

"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
We are sending to different targets, so no issue.

"Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there"
No enemy armies on the road.

"The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER."
"The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
We should win both battles.

Let's double check the counter triangle.
"counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
"The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."

For Badajoz attack:
Our troops: 4 spearman, 4 knight.
Most numerous: tie between spearman and knight. Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So spearman is the most numerous type.
Enemy troops: 2 knights. Most numerous type is knight.
Does spearman counter knight? Yes.
So our force is multiplied by 1.5.
Our attack: spearman 4 * 1 = 4. Knight 4 * 4 = 16. Total 20.
With multiplier: 20 * 1.5 = 30.
Enemy defense: 5.
We win.

For Faro attack:
Our troops: 2 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight.
Most numerous: archer (4).
Enemy troops: 2 knights. Most numerous: knight.
Does archer counter knight? No. Knight counters archer.
So no counter bonus.
Our attack: spearman 2 * 1 = 2. Archer 4 * 2 = 8. Knight 1 * 4 = 4. Total 14.
Enemy defense: 5.
We win.

Looks solid.

Let's refine the plan and statement to be concise and within limits.
Plan: "Attack Badajoz from Santarem and Faro from Evora to expand our territory. Build knights in Santarem and Evora, and spearmen in Lisboa. Send reinforcements from Lisboa to Santarem. Next turn, we will assess the battles and plan the next expansion towards Porto and Salamanca from Coimbra."
Statement: "We have consolidated our hold on Coimbra and now we strike at the neutral villages of Badajoz and Faro to expand our territory. Our knights and spearmen march from Santarem and Evora, while Lisboa sends its knights to reinforce Santarem for the next phase of our campaign."

Let's check if there are any other actions we should take.
Should we send troops from Coimbra to Porto or Salamanca?
Coimbra has 3 spearman. Porto has 2 knights, defense 5. Salamanca has 3 archers, defense 8.
If we send 3 spearman to Porto: attack 3 vs defense 5. We lose.
If we send 3 spearman to Salamanca: attack 3 vs defense 8. We lose.
So we shouldn't attack from Coimbra yet. We should leave the 3 speararmen in Coimbra to defend it.
Can we send them to reinforce Santarem? No, they would have to march to Santarem, but Santarem is attacking Badajoz. If we send them to Santarem, they arrive next turn. But we want to keep Coimbra's garrison. If we send them away, Coimbra is empty. An enemy could attack it? But we don't see any enemy nearby. Still, it's safer to keep them there.

What about building in Coimbra? No resources.

Let's check the village IDs in the JSON.
Lisboa: 0
Santarem: 1
Evora: 2
Coimbra: 3
Badajoz: 4
Faro: 5

Build:
{"villageId": 0, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 1}
{"villageId": 1, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
{"villageId": 2, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}

Movements:
{"fromId": 1, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "knight": 4}}
{"fromId": 2, "toId": 5, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 4, "knight": 1}}
{"fromId": 0, "toId": 1, "troops": {"knight": 2}}

Wait, Lisboa has 2 knight. We send 2 knight. Lisboa will have 0 knight, 1 spearman (after build). That's fine.
Santarem has 4 spearman, 3 knight. We build 1 knight -> 4 spearman, 4 knight. We send 4 spearman, 4 knight. Santarem will have 0 troops.
Evora has 2 spearman, 4 archer. We build 1 knight -> 2 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight. We send 2 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight. Evora will have 0 troops.
This leaves our capital and other villages empty, but we are attacking. The enemy doesn't have a turn to attack us because they are far away. We can rebuild next turn.

Let's double check the resources after build.
Lisboa: wood 30 - 15 = 15. iron 20 - 0 = 20.
Santarem: wood 30 - 30 = 0. iron 40 - 30 = 10.
Evora: wood 30 - 30 = 0. iron 40 - 30 = 10.
Coimbra: wood 0, iron 0.

Next turn, Lisboa will produce 30 wood, 20 iron. Total wood 45, iron 40. Can build more.
Santarem will produce 30 wood, 20 iron. Total wood 30, iron 30. Can build 1 knight.
Evora will produce 30 wood, 20 iron. Total wood 30, iron 30. Can build 1 knight.
Coimbra will produce 30 wood, 20 iron. Total wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 spearman or 1 archer.

This is a good economic progression.

Let's write the final JSON.
I will ensure the JSON is valid and contains only the requested fields.

One more check: "Use only ids that appear in the report above."
0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 are all in the report.
"Do not send troops a village does not have."
Lisboa has 2 knight. We send 2 knight. OK.
Santarem has 4 spearman, 3 knight. We build 1 knight, so 4 spearman, 4 knight. We send 4 spearman, 4 knight. OK.
Evora has 2 spearman, 4 archer. We build 1 knight, so 2 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight. We send 2 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight. OK.

Everything seems correct.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"cavaleiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":1,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"cavaleiro":4}},{"origemId":2,"destinoId":5,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":4,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":0,"destinoId":1,"tropas":{"cavaleiro":2}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [1]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [2]
ACEITO envio [1]->[4]: 4S+3K (alvo neutra cavaleiro)
ACEITO envio [2]->[5]: 2S+4A (alvo neutra cavaleiro)
ACEITO envio [0]->[1]: 2K
AJUSTADO envio [1]->[4]: pediu 4S+4K, enviado 4S+3K (estoque real)
AJUSTADO envio [2]->[5]: pediu 2S+4A+1K, enviado 2S+4A (estoque real)
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Attack Badajoz from Santarem and Faro from Evora to expand our territory. Build knights in Santarem and Evora, and spearmen in Lisboa. Send reinforcements from Lisboa to Santarem. Next turn, we will assess the battles and plan the next expansion towards Porto and Salamanca from Coimbra.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): We have consolidated our hold on Coimbra and now we strike at the neutral villages of Badajoz and Faro to expand our territory. Our knights and spearmen march from Santarem and Evora, while Lisboa sends its knights to reinforce Santarem for the next phase of our campaign.
########## TURNO 4 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3219 | resposta 10195 | raciocinio 7312 | finish stop | ms 108509
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 18, \"toId\": 16, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 1, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 3}},\n    {\"fromId\": 20, \"toId\": 19, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 23, \"toId\": 20, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 21, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 22, \"toId\": 21, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"This turn we attack Valencia [16] from Castellon [18] and Pamplona [19] from Huesca [20] to expand our territory. We reinforce Zaragoza [17] from Tarragona [21], Huesca [20] from Girona [23], and Tarragona [21] from Barcelona [22]. We build knights at Barcelona and Tarragona, and spearman at Castellon and Zaragoza to replenish our forces. Next turn we will push west towards Madrid [12] and Teruel [13] to secure our borders and continue our expansion towards the enemy capital.\",\n  \"statement\": \"Our armies have taken Girona and Huesca. Now we strike at Valencia and Pamplona to expand our realm. Castellon's knights lead the assault on Valencia, while Huesca's spearmen and archers attack Pamplona. We are building new troops to sustain our momentum.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B in a strategy game. I need to analyze the current state and provide a JSON response with build orders, movement orders, a plan, and a statement.

Current state (Turn 4):
- My villages (6): Barcelona [22], Tarragona [21], Girona [23], Castellon [18], Zaragoza [17], Huesca [20].
- Total troops at home: 17 (10 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight) + 0 marching.
- Resources and available troops per village:
  - Barcelona [22]: wood 30, iron 80. Troops: 2 spearman. (Defense 6)
  - Tarragona [21]: wood 30, iron 40. Troops: 2 spearman. (Defense 5)
  - Girona [23]: wood 0, iron 0. Troops: 3 spearman. (Defense 8)
  - Castellon [18]: wood 30, iron 20. Troops: 1 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. (Defense 15)
  - Zaragoza [17]: wood 30, iron 20. Troops: 0. (Defense 0)
  - Huesca [20]: wood 0, iron 0. Troops: 2 spearman, 2 archer. (Defense 10)

- Visible neutral villages:
  - Valencia [16]: 2 knights, defense 5. March from Castellon [18]: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn.
  - Teruel [13]: 3 archers, defense 8. March from Castellon [18]: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn.
  - Madrid [12]: 3 archers, defense 8. March from Zaragoza [17]: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn.
  - Pamplona [19]: 3 knights, defense 8. March from Zaragoza [17]: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn.

- Unexplored: 14 villages, including enemy capital Lisboa [0].
- Goal: Hold 18 of 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. Currently hold 6.
- Enemy capital is the hardest, but not required to win.
- Combat rules: Attack vs Defense. Counter triangle: spearman counters knight (x1.5), archer counters spearman (x1.5), knight counters archer (x1.5). Most numerous type sets counter. Defense in village x1.25, castle x1.5. Open field no bonus. Tie favors defender.
- Economy: Each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. Cap 300 troops per village.
- Movement: Road network. Armies stop at first enemy/neutral village. Mixed armies move at slowest speed.

Analysis of last turn's plan:
- Attacked Girona [23] and Huesca [20]. Both successful.
- Tarragona's 3 knights marched to Castellon [18]. (The report says "Your reinforcement (3 knights) arrived at [18] Castellon").
- The plan was to attack Valencia from Castellon this turn.

Current situation:
- Castellon [18] has 1 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. Total 6 troops. It can potentially attack Valencia [16] which has 2 knights (defense 5).
- Valencia defense: 5 (location bonus included). Garrison: 2 knights.
- If I attack Valencia with Castellon's troops: 1 spearman (atk 1), 2 archer (atk 2 each, total 4), 3 knight (atk 4 each, total 12). Total attack power: 1 + 4 + 12 = 17.
- Most numerous type: Knight (3). Archer (2). Spearman (1). Most numerous is Knight.
- Knight vs Knight: no counter bonus (knight counters archer).
- Effective attack: 17. Effective defense: 5. Defender wins if higher? No, attacker has 17 vs 5. Attacker wins easily.
- But wait, the troops are in Castellon. I need to order them to march to Valencia.
- March from Castellon to Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn. So if I send them now, they arrive in 1 turn (fastest is fast, but mixed army moves at slowest speed. Wait, the report says "march from [18] Castellon: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". This means the distance is such that a slow troop takes 1 turn, medium takes 1 turn, fast takes 1 turn? Or is it 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast? Actually, usually it's like "5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns". Here it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". This implies the distance is 1 turn for all speeds? Or maybe it's 1 turn regardless. Let's assume it takes 1 turn.
- Wait, if I send troops from Castellon to Valencia, they will march and arrive next turn. Valencia is neutral. They will attack it.
- What about other villages?
- Girona [23] has 3 spearman. Zaragoza [17] has 0. Huesca [20] has 2 spearman, 2 archer. Tarragona [21] has 2 spearman. Barcelona [22] has 2 spearman.
- I need to build troops to expand.
- Resources:
  - Barcelona: wood 30, iron 80. Can build knights (30 wood, 30 iron) or archers (20 wood, 10 iron) or spearman (15 wood, 0 iron).
  - Tarragona: wood 30, iron 40.
  - Castellon: wood 30, iron 20.
  - Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 20.
  - Girona: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.
  - Huesca: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.

Let's look at the map and road network to plan expansion.
My villages: 17, 18, 20, 21, 22, 23.
Neutrals visible: 12 (Madrid), 13 (Teruel), 16 (Valencia), 19 (Pamplona).
Unexplored: 15 (Murcia), 14 (Burgos), 7 (Salamanca), 8 (Toledo), 11 (Cordoba), 4 (Badajoz), 6 (Porto), 10 (Vigo), 3 (Coimbra), 9 (Sevilha), 5 (Faro), 1 (Santarem), 0 (Lisboa - enemy capital), 2 (Evora).

Road connections:
- Castellon [18] connects to: 13 (Teruel), 16 (Valencia), 21 (Tarragona).
- Zaragoza [17] connects to: 12 (Madrid), 13 (Teruel), 19 (Pamplona), 20 (Huesca), 21 (Tarragona).
- Huesca [20] connects to: 17 (Zaragoza), 19 (Pamplona), 23 (Girona).
- Tarragona [21] connects to: 17 (Zaragoza), 18 (Castellon), 22 (Barcelona).
- Barcelona [22] connects to: 21 (Tarragona), 23 (Girona).
- Girona [23] connects to: 20 (Huesca), 22 (Barcelona).

Strategy:
- I need 18 villages. I have 6. I need 12 more.
- I should attack Valencia [16] from Castellon [18] this turn.
- I should also try to attack Teruel [13] or Pamplona [19] or Madrid [12].
- Teruel [13] is connected to Castellon [18], Zaragoza [17], and others. March from Castellon: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. March from Zaragoza: probably similar.
- Madrid [12] is connected to Zaragoza [17]. March from Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast.
- Pamplona [19] is connected to Zaragoza [17] and Huesca [20]. March from Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. March from Huesca: probably 1 or 2 turns.

Let's check the troop counts and attack power.
Valencia [16]: 2 knights, defense 5.
- Attacking from Castellon [18]: 1 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. Total attack 17. Most numerous: knight (3). Knight vs knight: no counter. Effective attack 17 vs defense 5. Easy win.
- Wait, if I send all troops from Castellon, Castellon will be empty. Is that okay? Yes, Castellon has defense 15, but no troops. If enemy attacks it, it falls. But enemy is far away (Lisboa area). I need to expand.
- Actually, Castellon has 1 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. If I send them to Valencia, Castellon has 0 troops. I should build some troops there.
- Castellon resources: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearman (30 wood). Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron - not enough iron). Let's build 1 archer or 2 spearman. 2 spearman costs 30 wood, 0 iron. 1 archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. Let's build 2 spearman to defend Castellon and have a garrison.
- Wait, I can also build in other villages.
- Barcelona [22]: wood 30, iron 80. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) or 1 knight + 1 archer (50 wood, 40 iron) or 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron - not enough wood). Let's build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Total 50 wood, 40 iron. Let's build 1 knight and 1 archer.
- Tarragona [21]: wood 30, iron 40. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron - not enough wood). Let's build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Zaragoza [17]: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Let's build 2 spearman.
- Girona [23]: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.
- Huesca [20]: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.

Let's plan movements:
- Castellon [18] -> Valencia [16]: Send 1 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. (All troops). Attack Valencia.
- Zaragoza [17] -> Madrid [12]: Zaragoza has 0 troops. Cannot send.
- Huesca [20] -> Pamplona [19]: Huesca has 2 spearman, 2 archer. March to Pamplona. Pamplona has 3 knights, defense 8.
  - Attack power: 2 spearman (atk 2), 2 archer (atk 4). Total 6. Most numerous: tie between spearman and archer. Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So spearman is most numerous. Spearman vs knight: counter bonus x1.5. Effective attack: 6 * 1.5 = 9. Defense: 8. Attacker wins 9 vs 8. But tie favors defender? No, 9 > 8. Attacker wins.
  - Wait, the rule says: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER." 9 > 8, so attacker wins.
  - Losses: Attacker takes losses against defender's effective force. Defender's effective force is 8. Attacker's is 9. Losses are proportional? "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So attacker loses some troops.
  - Let's send 2 spearman, 2 archer from Huesca to Pamplona.
- Tarragona [21] -> Zaragoza [17]: Tarragona has 2 spearman. Send them to Zaragoza to reinforce it. Zaragoza is my village, so they will join the garrison.
- Barcelona [22] -> Tarragona [21]: Barcelona has 2 spearman. Send them to Tarragona? Or keep them. Let's send 1 spearman to Tarragona to reinforce.
- Girona [23] -> Huesca [20]: Girona has 3 spearman. Send them to Huesca to reinforce it after it attacks? Or send them to Zaragoza? Let's send 2 spearman from Girona to Huesca.

Wait, if I send Huesca's troops to Pamplona, Huesca will be empty. Girona can send troops to Huesca.
Let's refine:
- Castellon [18] attacks Valencia [16]: Send all 6 troops (1 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight).
- Huesca [20] attacks Pamplona [19]: Send 2 spearman, 2 archer.
- Girona [23] reinforces Huesca [20]: Send 2 spearman (leaving 1 spearman in Girona).
- Tarragona [21] reinforces Zaragoza [17]: Send 2 spearman.
- Barcelona [22] reinforces Tarragona [21]: Send 1 spearman (leaving 1 spearman in Barcelona).
- Zaragoza [17] has 0 troops, but receives 2 from Tarragona. Can it attack Madrid [12]? Madrid has 3 archers, defense 8. 2 spearman attack power: 2. Most numerous: spearman. Spearman vs archer: archer counters spearman! So attacker gets counter penalty? "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." If the defender has the counter, does the attacker get penalized? No, the rule says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't say the attacker is penalized if the defender has the counter. Wait, "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup". So if attacker has spearman as most numerous, and defender has archer as most numerous, the defender has the counter (archer counters spearman). Does the defender get x1.5? The rule says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It applies to the side that has the counter. So if defender has archer and attacker has spearman, defender gets x1.5.
Let's re-read: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5. The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
So if attacker has spearman (most numerous) and defender has archer (most numerous), defender has the counter (archer vs spearman). Defender's effective force is multiplied by 1.5.
Madrid defense: 8 (already includes location bonus). If defender has 3 archers, most numerous is archer. Attacker has 2 spearman, most numerous is spearman. Defender has counter. So defender's effective force is 8 * 1.5 = 12? Or is the 8 already the effective defense including location bonus, and I need to apply the counter? The report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 8". The combat rules say "The "effective defense" values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again." But the counter is not a location bonus. It's a combat multiplier. So I should apply the counter to the effective defense.
If defender has counter, effective defense = 8 * 1.5 = 12. Attacker has 2 spearman, attack 2. 2 vs 12. Attacker loses badly. So Zaragoza should NOT attack Madrid with 2 spearman.

Let's check Pamplona [19]: 3 knights, defense 8.
Attacker: Huesca sends 2 spearman, 2 archer. Most numerous: tie spearman/archer -> spearman. Spearman vs knight: spearman counters knight! Attacker has counter. Attacker effective force = (2*1 + 2*2) * 1.5 = 6 * 1.5 = 9. Defender effective force = 8 (knights, no counter against spearman). 9 vs 8, attacker wins.

Let's check Valencia [16]: 2 knights, defense 5.
Attacker: Castellon sends 1 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. Most numerous: knight (3). Knight vs knight: no counter. Attacker effective force = 1*1 + 2*2 + 3*4 = 1 + 4 + 12 = 17. Defender effective force = 5. 17 vs 5, attacker wins easily.

So attacks:
1. Castellon [18] -> Valencia [16]: 1 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight.
2. Huesca [20] -> Pamplona [19]: 2 spearman, 2 archer.

Reinforcements:
- Girona [23] -> Huesca [20]: 2 spearman (Girona has 3, send 2, leave 1).
- Tarragona [21] -> Zaragoza [17]: 2 spearman (Tarragona has 2, send both? But then Tarragona has 0. Barcelona can send 1 to Tarragona. Let's send 1 from Tarragona to Zaragoza, and 1 from Barcelona to Tarragona. Or send 2 from Tarragona to Zaragoza, and Barcelona sends 2 to Tarragona? Barcelona has 2 spearman. Let's send 2 from Tarragona to Zaragoza, and 2 from Barcelona to Tarragona. Then Tarragona has 2, Zaragoza has 2.
Wait, Tarragona has 2 spearman. If I send both to Zaragoza, Tarragona has 0. Barcelona has 2 spearman. Send both to Tarragona. Then Tarragona has 2, Zaragoza has 2.
- Girona [23] -> Huesca [20]: Girona has 3 spearman. Send 2 to Huesca. Huesca will have 2 (from Girona) after sending its own troops. Wait, Huesca sends 2 spearman, 2 archer to Pamplona. Huesca has 0 left. Girona sends 2 spearman to Huesca. So Huesca ends up with 2 spearman.

Let's check resources and builds:
- Barcelona [22]: wood 30, iron 80. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Total 50 wood, 40 iron. Remaining: wood -20? No, wood 30. 30 + 30 = 60 wood needed. Wait, Barcelona has wood 30 (+30/turn). So it has 30 wood now. It produces 30 wood next turn. But builds are paid from current stock. "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." So Barcelona has 30 wood, 80 iron.
  - Can build 2 knights? 60 wood, 60 iron. Not enough wood (only 30).
  - Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron)? Total 50 wood, 40 iron. Not enough wood (only 30).
  - Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Yes.
  - Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Not enough wood.
  - Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Yes.
  - Can build 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron). Yes.
  - Let's build 1 knight and 1 spearman? 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) = 45 wood. Not enough.
  - Let's build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: wood 0, iron 50.
  - Or build 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron). Remaining: wood 0, iron 80.
  - Let's build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). It's a strong unit.
- Tarragona [21]: wood 30, iron 40.
  - Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Yes.
  - Can build 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron). Yes.
  - Let's build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Castellon [18]: wood 30, iron 20.
  - Can build 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron). Yes.
  - Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Yes.
  - Let's build 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron) to have a garrison.
- Zaragoza [17]: wood 30, iron 20.
  - Can build 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron). Yes.
  - Let's build 2 spearman.
- Girona [23]: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.
- Huesca [20]: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.

Let's review the troop movements and resulting garrisons:
- Castellon [18]: Sends 1 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight to Valencia. Builds 2 spearman. Result: 2 spearman.
- Valencia [16]: Receives attack. If wins, becomes mine. Will have some troops left.
- Huesca [20]: Sends 2 spearman, 2 archer to Pamplona. Receives 2 spearman from Girona. Result: 2 spearman.
- Pamplona [19]: Receives attack. If wins, becomes mine.
- Girona [23]: Sends 2 spearman to Huesca. Result: 1 spearman.
- Tarragona [21]: Sends 2 spearman to Zaragoza. Builds 1 knight. Result: 1 knight.
- Barcelona [22]: Sends 2 spearman to Tarragona. Builds 1 knight. Result: 1 knight.
- Zaragoza [17]: Receives 2 spearman from Tarragona. Builds 2 spearman. Result: 4 spearman.

Wait, Barcelona sends 2 spearman to Tarragona. Barcelona has 2 spearman. So it sends all. Then it has 0 troops, but builds 1 knight. So it ends with 1 knight.
Tarragona sends 2 spearman to Zaragoza. It has 2 spearman. So it sends all. Then it builds 1 knight. So it ends with 1 knight.
Zaragoza receives 2 spearman. Builds 2 spearman. Ends with 4 spearman.

Let's check if I have enough troops to defend my villages. My villages are: 17 (Zaragoza), 18 (Castellon), 20 (Huesca), 21 (Tarragona), 22 (Barcelona), 23 (Girona).
If I conquer Valencia [16] and Pamplona [19], I will have 8 villages.
Troops at home after turns:
- Barcelona [22]: 1 knight
- Tarragona [21]: 1 knight
- Girona [23]: 1 spearman
- Castellon [18]: 2 spearman
- Zaragoza [17]: 4 spearman
- Huesca [20]: 2 spearman
- Valencia [16]: leftovers from attack (maybe 1 knight, 1 archer?)
- Pamplona [19]: leftovers from attack (maybe 1 spearman?)

This seems like a solid expansion.

Let's double check the combat for Pamplona.
Attacker: 2 spearman, 2 archer.
Attack values: spearman 1, archer 2. Total raw attack = 2*1 + 2*2 = 6.
Most numerous: tie (2 spearman, 2 archer). Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So spearman is most numerous.
Counter: spearman vs knight (defender). Spearman counters knight. Attacker gets x1.5.
Effective attack = 6 * 1.5 = 9.
Defender: 3 knights. Defense values: knight 2. Total raw defense = 3*2 = 6.
Location bonus: village x1.25. Effective defense in report: 8. (6 * 1.25 = 7.5, rounded to 8? Or maybe it's 8 exactly).
Most numerous: knight (3). Counter: knight vs spearman? Knight counters archer. Spearman is not archer. So defender does NOT have counter. Defender's most numerous is knight, attacker's is spearman. Knight does not counter spearman. So no counter for defender.
Effective defense = 8.
Attacker 9 vs defender 8. Attacker wins.
Losses: Attacker loses some troops. "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So attacker loses troops equivalent to some fraction of defender's force. Probably some troops die. But attacker wins and takes the village.

Combat for Valencia:
Attacker: 1 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight.
Attack: 1*1 + 2*2 + 3*4 = 17.
Most numerous: knight (3). Counter: knight vs knight (defender). No counter.
Effective attack = 17.
Defender: 2 knights. Defense: 2*2 = 4. Location bonus: village x1.25. 4 * 1.25 = 5. Report says 5.
Most numerous: knight. No counter.
Effective defense = 5.
Attacker 17 vs 5. Attacker wins easily. Minimal losses.

So the attacks are good.

Let's refine the builds:
- Barcelona [22]: wood 30, iron 80. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: wood 0, iron 50.
- Tarragona [21]: wood 30, iron 40. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: wood 0, iron 10.
- Castellon [18]: wood 30, iron 20. Build 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron). Remaining: wood 0, iron 20.
- Zaragoza [17]: wood 30, iron 20. Build 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron). Remaining: wood 0, iron 20.

Movements:
- Castellon [18] -> Valencia [16]: 1 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight.
- Huesca [20] -> Pamplona [19]: 2 spearman, 2 archer.
- Girona [23] -> Huesca [20]: 2 spearman.
- Tarragona [21] -> Zaragoza [17]: 2 spearman.
- Barcelona [22] -> Tarragona [21]: 2 spearman.

Wait, Barcelona has 2 spearman. If I send both, Barcelona has 0 troops until the knight is built. That's fine.
Tarragona has 2 spearman. If I send both, Tarragona has 0 troops until the knight is built.
Girona has 3 spearman. Send 2 to Huesca. Leave 1.
Zaragoza has 0 troops. Receives 2 from Tarragona. Builds 2. Total 4.
Huesca has 2 spearman, 2 archer. Send all to Pamplona. Receives 2 from Girona. Total 2.

Let's check if I should send troops to Zaragoza to defend it. Zaragoza is on the border of unexplored territory. It might be attacked. But it's far from enemy capital. Enemy is likely near Lisboa. My villages are in the northeast. Enemy might come through Madrid [12] or Teruel [13]. If I attack Pamplona and Valencia, I expand my territory.

Plan for next turns:
- This turn: Attack Valencia and Pamplona. Reinforce Zaragoza, Huesca, Tarragona.
- Next turn: I will have Valencia and Pamplona. I can attack Teruel [13] from Valencia or Zaragoza. Or attack Madrid [12] from Zaragoza. Or explore further west.
- Goal: Reach 18 villages. I have 6, will have 8. Need 10 more. Unexplored: 14 villages. Many are neutral or enemy. I need to find and conquer them.

Let's write the plan text.
"plan": "This turn we attack Valencia [16] from Castellon [18] and Pamplona [19] from Huesca [20] to expand our territory. We reinforce Zaragoza [17] from Tarragona [21], Huesca [20] from Girona [23], and Tarragona [21] from Barcelona [22]. We build knights at Barcelona and Tarragona, and spearman at Castellon and Zaragoza to replenish our forces. Next turn we will push west towards Madrid [12] and Teruel [13] to secure our borders and continue our expansion towards the enemy capital."

Statement text:
"statement": "Our armies have taken Girona and Huesca. Now we strike at Valencia and Pamplona to expand our realm. Castellon's knights lead the assault on Valencia, while Huesca's spearmen and archers attack Pamplona. We are building new troops to sustain our momentum."

Let's verify the JSON format.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 18, "toId": 16, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 2, "knight": 3}},
    {"fromId": 20, "toId": 19, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 2}},
    {"fromId": 23, "toId": 20, "troops": {"spearman": 2}},
    {"fromId": 21, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 2}},
    {"fromId": 22, "toId": 21, "troops": {"spearman": 2}}
  ],
  "plan": "...",
  "statement": "..."
}

Wait, Barcelona has 2 spearman. I am sending both to Tarragona. But Barcelona also builds 1 knight. So Barcelona's troops after build and send: 1 knight. That's fine.
Tarragona has 2 spearman. I am sending both to Zaragoza. Tarragona builds 1 knight. So Tarragona's troops after build and send: 1 knight.
Castellon has 1 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. I am sending all to Valencia. Castellon builds 2 spearman. So Castellon's troops after build and send: 2 spearman.
Zaragoza has 0 troops. Receives 2 spearman from Tarragona. Builds 2 spearman. So Zaragoza's troops after build and receive: 4 spearman.
Huesca has 2 spearman, 2 archer. I am sending all to Pamplona. Huesca receives 2 spearman from Girona. So Huesca's troops after send and receive: 2 spearman.
Girona has 3 spearman. I am sending 2 to Huesca. So Girona's troops after send: 1 spearman.

This all adds up.
Let's check the resources again.
Barcelona: wood 30, iron 80. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). OK.
Tarragona: wood 30, iron 40. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). OK.
Castellon: wood 30, iron 20. Build 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron). OK.
Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 20. Build 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron). OK.

One thing: the report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 15" for Castellon. That's high. It's a castle? "YOUR CAPITAL" is Barcelona. Castellon is a village. Why defense 15? Maybe it's a castle or has walls. Anyway, the report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 15". I don't need to worry about it.

Let's check the road network for movements.
- Castellon [18] to Valencia [16]: Road exists? [18] Castellon: [13], [16], [21]. Yes, [16] is Valencia.
- Huesca [20] to Pamplona [19]: Road exists? [20] Huesca: [17], [19], [23]. Yes, [19] is Pamplona.
- Girona [23] to Huesca [20]: Road exists? [23] Girona: [20], [22]. Yes.
- Tarragona [21] to Zaragoza [17]: Road exists? [21] Tarragona: [17], [18], [22]. Yes.
- Barcelona [22] to Tarragona [21]: Road exists? [22] Barcelona: [21], [23]. Yes.

All movements are valid.

Let's double check the "plan" and "statement" length.
Plan: 2 to 6 lines. Statement: 2 to 4 lines.
My plan text is about 4 lines. Statement is 3 lines. Good.

Let's review the combat rules again to ensure no mistakes.
"The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER."
Valencia: Attacker 17 vs Defender 5. Attacker wins.
Pamplona: Attacker 9 vs Defender 8. Attacker wins.
Is there any chance of tie? No.
"The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
So I will lose some troops. But I have enough to take the villages.

What about the enemy capital? It's Lisboa [0]. I don't need to take it to win. I need 18 villages. I have 6, taking 2 more = 8. I need 10 more. I will need to explore and conquer the unexplored villages. The unexplored ones are 14. Some are enemy, some neutral. I need to find them and conquer them. My plan should mention exploring west.

Let's refine the plan text:
"This turn we attack Valencia [16] from Castellon [18] and Pamplona [19] from Huesca [20] to expand our territory. We reinforce Zaragoza [17] from Tarragona [21], Huesca [20] from Girona [23], and Tarragona [21] from Barcelona [22]. We build knights at Barcelona and Tarragona, and spearman at Castellon and Zaragoza to replenish our forces. Next turn we will push west towards Madrid [12] and Teruel [13] to secure our borders and continue our expansion towards the enemy capital."
This is good.

Statement:
"Our armies have taken Girona and Huesca. Now we strike at Valencia and Pamplona to expand our realm. Castellon's knights lead the assault on Valencia, while Huesca's spearmen and archers attack Pamplona. We are building new troops to sustain our momentum."
This is good.

Let's format the JSON carefully.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 18, "toId": 16, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 2, "knight": 3}},
    {"fromId": 20, "toId": 19, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 2}},
    {"fromId": 23, "toId": 20, "troops": {"spearman": 2}},
    {"fromId": 21, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 2}},
    {"fromId": 22, "toId": 21, "troops": {"spearman": 2}}
  ],
  "plan": "This turn we attack Valencia [16] from Castellon [18] and Pamplona [19] from Huesca [20] to expand our territory. We reinforce Zaragoza [17] from Tarragona [21], Huesca [20] from Girona [23], and Tarragona [21] from Barcelona [22]. We build knights at Barcelona and Tarragona, and spearman at Castellon and Zaragoza to replenish our forces. Next turn we will push west towards Madrid [12] and Teruel [13] to secure our borders and continue our expansion towards the enemy capital.",
  "statement": "Our armies have taken Girona and Huesca. Now we strike at Valencia and Pamplona to expand our realm. Castellon's knights lead the assault on Valencia, while Huesca's spearmen and archers attack Pamplona. We are building new troops to sustain our momentum."
}

Wait, I should check if there are any other villages I can attack or reinforce.
What about Teruel [13]? It's connected to Castellon [18] and Zaragoza [17]. March from Castellon: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. March from Zaragoza: probably similar. I don't have enough troops to attack it this turn. I need to consolidate first.
What about Madrid [12]? Connected to Zaragoza [17]. March from Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. I have 0 troops in Zaragoza now, but I am sending 2 from Tarragona. 2 spearman vs 3 archers (defense 8). As calculated, defender has counter, so attacker loses. I should not attack Madrid yet.

So my current moves are optimal.

Let's double check the troop counts in Castellon.
"troops at home: 6 / 300"
"AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 1 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight"
Yes, total 6.

Huesca:
"troops at home: 4 / 300"
"AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight"
Yes, total 4.

Girona:
"troops at home: 3 / 300"
"AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 3 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight"
Yes, total 3.

Tarragona:
"troops at home: 2 / 300"
"AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight"
Yes, total 2.

Barcelona:
"troops at home: 2 / 300"
"AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight"
Yes, total 2.

Zaragoza:
"troops at home: 0 / 300"
"AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight"
Yes, total 0.

Everything matches.

One final check on the JSON format. The prompt says:
"Reply with ONE valid JSON object and nothing else - no text before or after it."
So I will output only the JSON.

Let's ensure the JSON is valid.
- Double quotes for strings.
- No trailing commas.
- Proper nesting.

Looks good.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":18,"destinoId":16,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":3}},{"origemId":20,"destinoId":19,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":2}},{"origemId":23,"destinoId":20,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2}},{"origemId":21,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2}},{"origemId":22,"destinoId":21,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO envio [18]->[16]: 1S+2A+3K (alvo neutra cavaleiro)
ACEITO envio [20]->[19]: 2S+2A (alvo neutra cavaleiro)
ACEITO envio [23]->[20]: 2S
ACEITO envio [21]->[17]: 2S
ACEITO envio [22]->[21]: 2S
plano (volta no proximo prompt): This turn we attack Valencia [16] from Castellon [18] and Pamplona [19] from Huesca [20] to expand our territory. We reinforce Zaragoza [17] from Tarragona [21], Huesca [20] from Girona [23], and Tarragona [21] from Barcelona [22]. We build knights at Barcelona and Tarragona, and spearman at Castellon and Zaragoza to replenish our forces. Next turn we will push west towards Madrid [12] and Teruel [13] to secure our borders and continue our expansion towards the enemy capital.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): Our armies have taken Girona and Huesca. Now we strike at Valencia and Pamplona to expand our realm. Castellon's knights lead the assault on Valencia, while Huesca's spearmen and archers attack Pamplona. We are building new troops to sustain our momentum.
COMBATE [23] Girona: atacante B Fatk=4 (ef 4) Fdef=2 (ef 3) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~1
COMBATE [20] Huesca: atacante B Fatk=7 (ef 11) Fdef=4 (ef 5) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~2
REFORCO [18] Castellon dono B: 3K
COMBATE [3] Coimbra: atacante A Fatk=4 (ef 4) Fdef=2 (ef 3) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~1
REFORCO [1] Santarem dono A: 2S+3K
placar: A 4 ald/tropas 3 | B 6 ald/tropas 1 | neutras 14 | transito 8 (A 3 | B 5)

########## TURNO 5 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3235 | resposta 12634 | raciocinio 9822 | finish stop | ms 137227
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 0, \"toId\": 1, \"troops\": {\"knight\": 1, \"spearman\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 1, \"toId\": 3, \"troops\": {\"knight\": 3}},\n    {\"fromId\": 4, \"toId\": 8, \"troops\": {\"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 4, \"toId\": 9, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"knight\": 1}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Expand aggressively from Badajoz by sending 2 knights to Toledo and 4 spearman + 1 knight to Sevilha. Reinforce Coimbra with 3 knights from Santarem, and move troops from Lisboa to Santarem. Build knights in Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, and an archer in Coimbra to grow our army. Next turn, we will assess the battles at Toledo and Sevilha, and prepare to attack Porto from Coimbra once reinforced.\",\n  \"statement\": \"This turn, we focused on rapid expansion and reinforcement. We built new knights in Lisboa, Santarem, and Evora, and an archer in Coimbra. We marched 3 knights from Santarem to Coimbra to prepare for the assault on Porto, while moving troops from Lisboa to Santarem. From Badajoz, we launched a double offensive, sending 2 knights to Toledo and a mixed force to Sevilha to secure new territories.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A in a strategy game.
Let's analyze the state of the game.
We need to output a JSON object with:
- `build`: list of builds to order this turn.
- `movements`: list of troop movements to order this turn.
- `plan`: a short note to the next turn.
- `statement`: a short text for the audience.

Let's look at the current state:
We hold 6 of 24 villages (75% is 18 villages, need to hold 18 for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate all enemy villages).
Currently, our villages:
- [0] Lisboa: 1 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. Wood 45, Iron 40.
- [1] Santarem: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight. Wood 30, Iron 30.
- [2] Evora: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. Wood 30, Iron 30.
- [3] Coimbra: 3 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. Wood 30, Iron 20.
- [4] Badajoz: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight. Wood 0, Iron 0.
- [5] Faro: 1 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight. Wood 0, Iron 0.

Wait, the resources are per village!
Let's check the economy:
Each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn.
Let's look at the resources of each village:
- [0] Lisboa: wood 45 (+30/turn), iron 40 (+20/turn). Troops at home: 1 spearman. Cap is 300.
- [1] Santarem: wood 30 (+30/turn), iron 30 (+20/turn). Troops at home: 3 knight. Cap is 300.
- [2] Evora: wood 30 (+30/turn), iron 30 (+20/turn). Troops at home: 1 knight. Cap is 300.
- [3] Coimbra: wood 30 (+30/turn), iron 20 (+20/turn). Troops at home: 3 spearman. Cap is 300.
- [4] Badajoz: wood 0 (+30/turn), iron 0 (+20/turn). Troops at home: 7 (4 spearman, 3 knight). Cap is 300.
- [5] Faro: wood 0 (+30/turn), iron 0 (+20/turn). Troops at home: 3 (1 spearman, 2 archer). Cap is 300.

Let's look at what we can build this turn:
- Lisboa: has 45 wood, 40 iron. Can build spearman (15 wood, 0 iron), archer (20 wood, 10 iron), knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
  We can build knights or archers or spearmen. Let's build some troops.
  Since Lisboa has 45 wood and 40 iron, we can build:
  - 1 knight (costs 30 wood, 30 iron), leaving 15 wood, 10 iron.
  - Or 2 archers (costs 40 wood, 20 iron), leaving 5 wood, 20 iron.
  - Or 3 spearman (costs 45 wood, 0 iron), leaving 0 wood, 40 iron.
- Santarem: has 30 wood, 30 iron. Troops at home: 3 knight.
  Can build:
  - 1 knight (costs 30 wood, 30 iron), leaving 0 wood, 0 iron.
- Evora: has 30 wood, 30 iron. Troops at home: 1 knight.
  Can build:
  - 1 knight (costs 30 wood, 30 iron).
- Coimbra: has 30 wood, 20 iron. Troops at home: 3 spearman.
  Can build:
  - 1 archer (costs 20 wood, 10 iron), leaving 10 wood, 10 iron.
  - Or 2 spearman (costs 30 wood, 0 iron), leaving 0 wood, 20 iron.
- Badajoz: has 0 wood, 0 iron. But it produces 30 wood and 20 iron *this turn*? Or is the wood/iron shown what is currently in stock, and the (+30/turn) is what it will produce?
  "wood 0 (+30/turn) | iron 0 (+20/turn)" means it currently has 0 stock, but will produce 30 wood and 20 iron. Usually, in these games, resources are produced at the start of the turn, or we can only spend what we have *now*.
  "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."
  So Badajoz and Faro currently have 0 wood and 0 iron, so they cannot build anything right now unless they already have some stock. Since they show "wood 0", they cannot pay for anything now. They will get resources at the end of the turn or start of next turn.
  Let's check Lisboa: wood 45, iron 40. It can pay for builds now.
  Santarem: wood 30, iron 30. Can build 1 knight.
  Evora: wood 30, iron 30. Can build 1 knight.
  Coimbra: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearman (30 wood).

Let's look at the map and our strategic situation.
We have 6 villages: Lisboa (0), Santarem (1), Evora (2), Coimbra (3), Badajoz (4), Faro (5).
We need to expand towards the North and East to get more villages.
Neutrals we can see:
- [6] Porto: neutral, garrison 3 knights, defense 8. March from [3] Coimbra: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [7] Salamanca: neutral, garrison 4 archers, defense 10. March from [3] Coimbra: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns, or from [4] Badajoz.
- [8] Toledo: neutral, garrison 4 archers, defense 10. March from [4] Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [9] Sevilha: neutral, garrison 4 knights, defense 10. March from [4] Badajoz: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns, or from [5] Faro.

Let's look at the road network:
- Porto [6] is connected to Coimbra [3], Salamanca [7], Vigo [10].
- Salamanca [7] is connected to Coimbra [3], Badajoz [4], Porto [6], Madrid [12].
- Toledo [8] is connected to Badajoz [4], Cordoba [11], Madrid [12], Teruel [13].
- Sevilha [9] is connected to Badajoz [4], Faro [5], Cordoba [11].

Let's check the troop types and combat rules:
- spearman: attack 1, defense 2, speed slow. Cost: 15 wood.
- archer: attack 2, defense 2, speed medium. Cost: 20 wood, 10 iron.
- knight: attack 4, defense 2, speed fast. Cost: 30 wood, 30 iron.

Counter triangle:
- spearman counters knight (multiplies force by 1.5)
- archer counters spearman (multiplies force by 1.5)
- knight counters archer (multiplies force by 1.5)
The most numerous type sets the counter matchup. Ties break in order spearman, archer, knight.

Let's look at Porto [6]: garrison 3 knights.
If we attack with Coimbra [3]: we have 3 spearman. Spearman counter knight! So 3 spearman vs 3 knights:
Spearman count is 3, knight count is 3. Most numerous type is spearman (3) vs knight (3). Since spearman counters knight, our force is multiplied by 1.5.
Wait, let's calculate the attack force:
Each spearman has attack 1. 3 spearman = 3 attack.
Since they counter knights, is it 3 * 1.5 = 4.5?
The defender has defense 2 each, but they are in a village, so defense counts x1.25.
Garrison is 3 knights, defense 2 each = 6 defense. With village bonus: 6 * 1.25 = 7.5 effective defense.
Wait, the report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 8 (was 5, 4 turns ago)".
So the effective defense is already calculated and shown as 8.
Our attack power: 3 spearman. Since spearman counters knight, attack is multiplied by 1.5.
Attack of spearman is 1. 3 spearman = 3 attack. With counter: 3 * 1.5 = 4.5.
Is 4.5 > 8? No, defender wins.
What if we send some knights from Santarem [1] to Coimbra [3], and then to Porto?
Wait, if we send troops, they march.
Let's look at the march times:
From Coimbra [3] to Porto [6]: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".
This means if we send slow troops (spearman), it takes 1 turn. If medium (archer), 1 turn. If fast (knight), 1 turn.
Wait, if it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns", it means 1 turn for any speed!
Let's check Salamanca [7] from Coimbra [3]: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". This means spearman takes 2 turns, archer takes 1 turn, knight takes 1 turn.
Let's check Toledo [8] from Badajoz [4]: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So 1 turn for all.
Let's check Sevilha [9] from Badajoz [4]: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".

Let's look at our available troops to send:
- [0] Lisboa: 1 spearman.
- [1] Santarem: 3 knight.
- [2] Evora: 1 knight.
- [3] Coimbra: 3 spearman.
- [4] Badajoz: 4 spearman, 3 knight.
- [5] Faro: 1 spearman, 2 archer.

Let's think about attacks we can launch this turn:
Can we attack Porto [6] from Coimbra [3]?
If we send 3 spearman from Coimbra, they will arrive in 1 turn. But we only have 3 spearman at Coimbra. If we send all 3, Coimbra will have 0 troops left at home, but that's fine if we want to attack.
Wait, can we send reinforcements from other villages to Coimbra first, so they arrive and then we attack? Or we can send them directly to Porto?
"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So we cannot combine troops from different villages into one big army unless they march to an intermediate village we own, merge there, and then march together. But merging takes turns.
If we send troops from Santarem [1] to Coimbra [3], how many turns does it take?
Let's look at the road network:
Santarem [1] is connected to Coimbra [3].
What is the distance? The report doesn't list the march times between our own villages, but we can estimate or look if there is any info.
Wait, the report says:
"march from [3] Coimbra: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Porto.
And for Salamanca: "march from [3] Coimbra: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".
It doesn't give the march times between our own villages, but usually they are similar to the road distances.
Let's look at the roads:
[1] Santarem to [3] Coimbra: direct road.
If we send knights from Santarem [1] to Coimbra [3], they will arrive. Then from Coimbra to Porto is 1 turn.
But if we send them this turn, they arrive at Coimbra next turn. Then we can order them from Coimbra to Porto the turn after.
Is there any enemy activity? "ENEMY (only what your watchmen can see): - none sighted".
We don't know where the enemy is, but they are likely near Barcelona [22] and surrounding villages (Girona [23], Tarragona [21], Zaragoza [17], etc.).
Our goal is to expand and capture neutral villages to reach 18 villages.
Currently we have 6. We need 12 more.
The neutrals we can see are Porto [6], Salamanca [7], Toledo [8], Sevilha [9].
If we capture Porto, Salamanca, Toledo, Sevilha, we will have 10 villages.
Then we can explore further: Vigo [10], Cordoba [11], Madrid [12], Teruel [13], Burgos [14], Murcia [15], Valencia [16], Zaragoza [17], Castellon [18], Pamplona [19], Huesca [20], Tarragona [21], Barcelona [22], Girona [23].
Let's plan our moves carefully.

Let's look at the troops we have and what we can build:
Lisboa [0]: wood 45, iron 40. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 3 spearman (45 wood).
Let's build 1 knight in Lisboa. That leaves 15 wood, 10 iron. We can also build 1 spearman (15 wood), leaving 0 wood, 10 iron. Or just build 1 knight.
Wait, Lisboa currently has 1 spearman at home. If we build 1 knight, we will have 1 spearman and 1 knight.
Santarem [1]: wood 30, iron 30. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). It already has 3 knight. Building 1 knight makes 4 knights.
Evora [2]: wood 30, iron 30. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). It has 1 knight. Building 1 knight makes 2 knights.
Coimbra [3]: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearman (30 wood). It has 3 spearman.
Badajoz [4]: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.
Faro [5]: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.

Let's think about attacks.
Can we attack Porto [6] this turn?
Porto has 3 knights, effective defense 8.
If we attack from Coimbra [3] with 3 spearman:
Attack: 3 spearman. Since spearman counters knight, attack is 3 * 1.5 = 4.5.
Defense is 8. Defender wins, we lose all 3 spearman. Not a good idea.
What if we send knights from Santarem [1] to Coimbra [3] first?
If we send 3 knights from Santarem to Coimbra, they will arrive next turn.
Then next turn, Coimbra will have 3 spearman + 3 knights.
Then we can attack Porto with 3 knights (and maybe some spearman).
If we attack Porto with 3 knights:
Knights vs knights: no counter bonus (ties break in order spearman, archer, knight, so knight vs knight is no counter).
Attack of 3 knights = 3 * 4 = 12.
Defense of Porto is 8 (effective defense already includes location bonus).
12 > 8, so we win!
Wait, what are the losses?
"The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
Effective force of defender: 8.
Our attack: 12.
Losses will be proportional, but we should win.
What if we attack Porto with 3 knights and 3 spearman?
Most numerous type: spearman (3) vs knight (3). Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight, so spearman is the most numerous type.
Spearman counters knight! So our force is multiplied by 1.5.
Total attack: 3 spearman (3 * 1 = 3) + 3 knights (3 * 4 = 12) = 15. With 1.5 multiplier: 22.5!
That would be a massive win with low losses.
But to do that, we need to get the knights to Coimbra first.
Can we send knights from Santarem [1] to Coimbra [3] this turn?
Yes, we can order: `movements: { fromId: 1, toId: 3, troops: { knight: 3 } }`.
And we can also build more knights in Santarem, Evora, Lisboa to have even more.
Let's check if we can attack Toledo [8] from Badajoz [4] this turn.
Toledo has 4 archers, effective defense 10.
Badajoz has 4 spearman, 3 knight.
If we attack Toledo with 3 knights:
Knights vs archers: knight counters archer! So multiplier is 1.5.
Attack of 3 knights = 3 * 4 = 12. With 1.5 multiplier: 18.
Defense of Toledo is 10.
18 > 10, we win!
And the march from Badajoz to Toledo is "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns", so knights will arrive in 1 turn (next turn they fight).
Wait, if we send them this turn, they march and arrive next turn, then fight.
Let's check if we can send 3 knights from Badajoz to Toledo this turn.
Yes, Badajoz has 3 knight available to send.
What about Salamanca [7]? It has 4 archers, defense 10.
From Coimbra [3] we have 3 spearman. Spearman vs archers: archers counter spearman! So if we attack with spearman, archers counter us, multiplier 1.5 for defender.
So spearman is a bad idea against archers.
From Badajoz [4] to Salamanca [7]: march time is not explicitly listed, but Salamanca is connected to Badajoz.
Let's look at the road network:
[4] Badajoz is connected to [7] Salamanca.
If we send knights from Badajoz to Salamanca: knights vs archers, knight counters archer, so we win.
But we only have 3 knights in Badajoz. If we send them to Toledo, we can't send them to Salamanca at the same time.
We can split, but "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up... each send fights alone".
If we send 1 knight to Toledo and 2 to Salamanca, they fight separately.
Let's look at Sevilha [9]: 4 knights, defense 10.
From Badajoz [4] or Faro [5].
If we attack Sevilha with archers: archers vs knights, knight counters archer! So defender gets multiplier.
If we attack with spearman: spearman counters knight! So we get multiplier.
We have 1 spearman and 2 archers in Faro [5].
If we send them to Sevilha:
Most numerous type: archer (2) vs knight (4). Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight, so archer is most numerous. Archer vs knight: knight counters archer, so defender gets multiplier. Bad.
If we send only 1 spearman and 1 archer? Still archer is most numerous (1 vs 1, tie breaks to archer).
If we send only spearman: spearman counters knight. But we only have 1 spearman in Faro. Attack 1, with multiplier 1.5 = 1.5. Defense is 10. We lose.
In Badajoz we have 4 spearman. If we send 4 spearman to Sevilha:
Spearman (4) vs knight (4). Tie breaks to spearman. Spearman counters knight, so we get multiplier 1.5.
Attack: 4 * 1 = 4. With multiplier: 6. Defense is 10. We still lose because 6 < 10.
But if we send some knights too? If we send 4 spearman and 1 knight:
Most numerous: spearman (4) vs knight (4). Tie breaks to spearman. Multiplier 1.5.
Attack: 4 spearman (4) + 1 knight (4) = 8. With multiplier: 12. Defense 10. We win!
But to do that, we need to have 4 spearman and 1 knight in Badajoz, and send them together.
Currently Badajoz has 4 spearman and 3 knight. We can send 4 spearman and 1 knight to Sevilha!
Wait, the march from Badajoz to Sevilha is "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".
So spearman takes 2 turns, knight takes 1 turn.
If we send them together, the army marches at the speed of the slowest, so it takes 2 turns.
During those 2 turns, they march. But wait, "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there".
The path from Badajoz to Sevilha: is there any village in between?
Let's look at the road network:
[4] Badajoz is connected to [5] Faro, [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha.
It seems direct roads. So no intermediate villages.
But it takes 2 turns for spearman.
Let's check if we can attack Toledo [8] from Badajoz [4] with knights.
Toledo has 4 archers, defense 10.
Badajoz has 3 knight. Knight counters archer.
Attack: 3 knights * 4 = 12. Multiplier 1.5 = 18. Defense 10. We win!
March time: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns", so 1 turn.
This seems like a very good move: send 3 knights from Badajoz to Toledo.
Let's check if we can also send troops from Coimbra to Porto.
Coimbra has 3 spearman. Porto has 3 knights, defense 8.
If we send 3 spearman, we lose (4.5 vs 8).
But we can send 3 spearman to Porto, and also send knights from Santarem to Coimbra this turn.
Let's see: if we send 3 knights from Santarem to Coimbra, they arrive next turn.
Then next turn, Coimbra has 3 spearman + 3 knights.
Then we can attack Porto with 3 knights (or 3 spearman + 3 knights).
Wait, can we send knights from Lisboa to Coimbra?
Lisboa has 1 spearman, but we can build knights.
If we build 1 knight in Lisboa, we can send it to Coimbra. But Lisboa to Coimbra is not a direct road?
Let's look at the road network:
[0] Lisboa is connected to [1] Santarem and [2] Evora.
So to go from Lisboa to Coimbra, we must go through Santarem [1].
Lisboa -> Santarem -> Coimbra.
If we send from Lisboa to Santarem, they arrive at Santarem. Then from Santarem to Coimbra.
So it takes 2 turns.
If we send from Santarem to Coimbra, it's direct, takes 1 turn.
So sending from Santarem is faster.

Let's look at our builds:
We should build as many troops as possible to grow our army.
Let's check the resources and what we can build:
- Lisboa [0]: wood 45, iron 40.
  We can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron). Total cost: 45 wood, 30 iron. We have 40 iron, so we can do this!
  Let's build 1 knight and 1 spearman in Lisboa.
- Santarem [1]: wood 30, iron 30.
  We can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Evora [2]: wood 30, iron 30.
  We can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Coimbra [3]: wood 30, iron 20.
  We can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearman (30 wood).
  Let's build 1 archer, as archers are useful, or 2 spearman to have more infantry.
  Wait, what do we need more? We have many knights already (3 in Santarem, 1 in Evora, 3 in Badajoz, 1 in Lisboa if we build).
  Spearman are cheap and good against knights, but we need to defend our villages too.
  Let's build 1 archer in Coimbra.
- Badajoz [4]: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.
- Faro [5]: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.

Let's check the movements:
We want to expand.
Let's look at the neutrals we can attack:
1. Toledo [8] from Badajoz [4]:
   Send 3 knights from Badajoz to Toledo.
   March time: 1 turn.
   Toledo has 4 archers, defense 10.
   Knights counter archers. Attack 3 * 4 * 1.5 = 18. Defense 10. We win.
   Let's do this: `movements: { fromId: 4, toId: 8, troops: { knight: 3 } }`.
   Wait, Badajoz has 4 spearman and 3 knight. If we send 3 knights, we leave 4 spearman in Badajoz. That's good for defense.

2. Porto [6] from Coimbra [3]:
   Coimbra has 3 spearman. Porto has 3 knights, defense 8.
   If we send 3 spearman, we lose.
   But we can send 3 spearman to Porto anyway as a sacrifice? No, we don't want to lose troops for nothing.
   Can we send knights from Santarem [1] to Coimbra [3] this turn?
   Yes: `movements: { fromId: 1, toId: 3, troops: { knight: 3 } }`.
   They will arrive next turn.
   Then next turn, Coimbra will have 3 spearman + 3 knights.
   Then we can attack Porto.
   Is there any other neutral we can attack this turn?
   What about Salamanca [7] from Coimbra [3]?
   Salamanca has 4 archers, defense 10.
   If we send 3 spearman, we lose (archers counter spearman).
   If we send knights, but we don't have knights in Coimbra yet (they are in Santarem).
   What about Sevilha [9] from Badajoz [4]?
   Sevilha has 4 knights, defense 10.
   We have 4 spearman and 3 knight in Badajoz.
   If we send 4 spearman and 1 knight to Sevilha:
   March time: 2 turns (because of spearman).
   Most numerous: spearman (4) vs knight (4). Tie breaks to spearman. Spearman counters knight, multiplier 1.5.
   Attack: 4 spearman (4) + 1 knight (4) = 8. With multiplier: 12. Defense 10. We win!
   But it takes 2 turns.
   If we send 3 knights to Toledo (1 turn) and 4 spearman + 1 knight to Sevilha (2 turns), we split our force in Badajoz, but that's fine since they go to different targets.
   Wait, if we send 4 spearman and 1 knight to Sevilha, we leave 2 knights in Badajoz.
   And we send 3 knights to Toledo? But we only have 3 knights in Badajoz!
   If we send 3 knights to Toledo, we have 0 knights left in Badajoz.
   So we cannot send 1 knight to Sevilha if we send 3 to Toledo, unless we don't send 3 to Toledo.
   Wait, Badajoz has 3 knights. If we send 2 to Toledo and 1 to Sevilha?
   If we send 2 knights to Toledo:
   Attack: 2 knights vs 4 archers. Knight counters archer. Attack 2 * 4 * 1.5 = 12. Defense 10. We still win!
   And we leave 1 knight in Badajoz, which we can send to Sevilha with the 4 spearman.
   Let's check if 2 knights can beat Toledo's 4 archers:
   Effective defense of Toledo is 10.
   Our attack: 2 knights. Attack value of knight is 4. Total base attack = 8.
   Since knight counters archer, multiplier is 1.5. Effective attack = 12.
   12 > 10, so we win!
   Losses: we will take some losses, but we should win the village.
   Let's check if we can send 2 knights to Toledo and 4 spearman + 1 knight to Sevilha.
   Total knights sent: 2 + 1 = 3. We have 3 knights in Badajoz. This works perfectly!
   Let's check the march times:
   - Badajoz to Toledo: 1 turn for knights.
   - Badajoz to Sevilha: 2 turns for spearman (since mixed army marches at slowest speed).
   This is a very aggressive and efficient plan! We attack two neutrals at once from Badajoz.

Let's check if we can do anything else.
What about Faro [5]? It has 1 spearman, 2 archer.
Can we attack Sevilha [9] from Faro?
Sevilha has 4 knights, defense 10.
Faro has 1 spearman, 2 archer.
If we send them to Sevilha:
Most numerous: archer (2) vs knight (4). Tie breaks to archer. Archer vs knight: knight counters archer, so defender gets multiplier.
Attack: 2 archer (4) + 1 spearman (1) = 5. Defender gets multiplier, so our attack is reduced or defender's defense is multiplied?
"The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup... Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
So if we have the counter, our force is multiplied by 1.5. If the defender has the counter, their force is multiplied by 1.5.
Since archer is most numerous for us, and knight for them, and knight counters archer, the defender has the counter.
So defender's effective defense is multiplied by 1.5?
"The "effective defense" values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again."
Wait, does the counter multiplier apply to the effective defense or the raw defense?
"When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle... Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
It says "multiplies your force by 1.5". So it applies to the attack force if we have the counter, or to the defense force if the defender has the counter.
If defender has the counter, their defense is multiplied by 1.5.
So if we attack Sevilha from Faro with 1 spearman and 2 archers:
Our attack: 2 archer (4) + 1 spearman (1) = 5.
Defender has 4 knights. Most numerous: knight. Knight counters archer, so defender has counter.
Defender's defense: 4 knights * 2 = 8. With location bonus (already in the 10? No, effective defense is 10, which includes location bonus. Does it include counter? No, counter is determined during the battle based on the troops).
So defender's defense is 10. With counter, it becomes 15.
Our attack is 5. 5 < 15, we lose badly.
So attacking from Faro is a bad idea.

What about attacking Porto [6] from Coimbra [3]?
If we send 3 spearman, we lose.
But what if we send 3 spearman to Porto, and also send 3 knights from Santarem to Coimbra?
Wait, if we send 3 spearman to Porto, they fight alone. They will lose.
So we shouldn't send them to Porto yet.
Can we send 3 spearman from Coimbra to Salamanca [7]?
Salamanca has 4 archers, defense 10.
Spearman vs archers: archers counter spearman. Defender has counter.
Our attack: 3 spearman = 3. Defender defense: 10 * 1.5 = 15. We lose.
So we cannot attack Salamanca with spearman.
Can we send knights from Santarem [1] to Salamanca [7] directly?
Let's look at the road network:
Santarem [1] is connected to Coimbra [3] and Badajoz [4].
Salamanca [7] is connected to Coimbra [3], Badajoz [4], Porto [6], Madrid [12].
There is no direct road from Santarem to Salamanca. We must go through Coimbra or Badajoz.
So we cannot attack Salamanca directly from Santarem.

Let's review the builds we can do:
- Lisboa [0]: build 1 knight, 1 spearman.
- Santarem [1]: build 1 knight.
- Evora [2]: build 1 knight.
- Coimbra [3]: build 1 archer.
- Badajoz [4]: cannot build (0 wood, 0 iron).
- Faro [5]: cannot build (0 wood, 0 iron).

Let's check the resources after builds:
- Lisboa: wood 45 - 30 (knight) - 15 (spearman) = 0 wood. Iron 40 - 30 (knight) = 10 iron.
- Santarem: wood 30 - 30 = 0 wood. Iron 30 - 30 = 0 iron.
- Evora: wood 30 - 30 = 0 wood. Iron 30 - 30 = 0 iron.
- Coimbra: wood 30 - 20 (archer) = 10 wood. Iron 20 - 10 (archer) = 10 iron.
This is very good. We use all our available resources to build troops.

Let's check the movements:
- From Santarem [1] to Coimbra [3]: send 3 knights.
  They will arrive at Coimbra next turn, reinforcing it.
- From Badajoz [4] to Toledo [8]: send 2 knights.
  They will attack Toledo next turn. Since Toledo has 4 archers, 2 knights should win.
- From Badajoz [4] to Sevilha [9]: send 4 spearman, 1 knight.
  They will march towards Sevilha. Since it's a mixed army with spearman as most numerous, they counter knights. They will arrive in 2 turns and attack Sevilha.
  Wait, is there any risk that they meet an enemy army on the road?
  "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there... Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there... Armies on different roads never meet."
  The road from Badajoz to Sevilha is direct: [4] -> [9]. No other villages on the road.
  The road from Badajoz to Toledo is direct: [4] -> [8]. No other villages on the road.
  So they won't meet any enemy on the road unless the enemy is marching on the exact same road at the same time. But we don't see any enemy armies on the march.
  So this is safe.

Let's double check if we can send 3 knights from Santarem to Coimbra.
Santarem has 3 knights at home. We can send all 3.
Coimbra will receive 3 knights.
What about Lisboa? We build 1 knight and 1 spearman. Should we send them somewhere?
Lisboa is our capital, we should keep some troops there for defense, but we can also send them to Santarem to grow our army.
If we send the 1 knight and 1 spearman from Lisboa to Santarem:
Lisboa -> Santarem is a direct road.
They will arrive at Santarem next turn.
Santarem will then have the 3 knights we sent to Coimbra? No, we sent the 3 knights from Santarem to Coimbra, so Santarem will have 0 knights at home, but then the 1 knight and 1 spearman from Lisboa will arrive, plus the 1 knight we built in Santarem this turn (which stays at home).
So Santarem will have 1 knight (built) + 1 knight (from Lisboa) + 1 spearman (from Lisboa) = 2 knights, 1 spearman.
This is a good garrison.
Let's write the movement from Lisboa to Santarem:
`movements: { fromId: 0, toId: 1, troops: { knight: 1, spearman: 1 } }`.
Wait, Lisboa has 1 spearman at home initially. If we build 1 knight and 1 spearman, we have 2 spearman and 1 knight at home.
If we send 1 knight and 1 spearman, we leave 1 spearman in Lisboa for defense. That's perfect.

Let's check Coimbra:
We build 1 archer in Coimbra. It has 3 spearman at home.
We don't send any troops from Coimbra this turn, except we receive 3 knights from Santarem.
So Coimbra will have 3 spearman, 1 archer, and 3 knights (after receiving). That's a strong garrison!

Let's check Badajoz:
We send 2 knights to Toledo, and 4 spearman + 1 knight to Sevilha.
Badajoz had 4 spearman, 3 knight.
We send 4 spearman, 3 knight in total.
So Badajoz will have 0 troops left at home.
Is that okay?
Badajoz is our village, but it's in the interior (no enemy border). And we just conquered it last turn ("You attacked [4] Badajoz: VICTORY, conquered").
Wait, if it has 0 troops, is it vulnerable?
"effective defense (location bonus included): 18". Even with 0 troops, the village has some base defense? Or does it have 0 defense if no troops?
Usually, villages have some defense, but having 0 troops makes it vulnerable if attacked. But since it's interior and we don't see any enemy nearby, it should be fine for one turn.
Wait, can we leave some troops in Badajoz?
We have 4 spearman, 3 knight.
If we send 2 knights to Toledo, and 3 spearman to Sevilha (leaving 1 spearman and 1 knight in Badajoz)?
Let's check if 3 spearman can beat Sevilha's 4 knights:
Spearman (3) vs knight (4). Most numerous: knight (4) vs spearman (3). Knight is most numerous, but spearman counters knight!
Wait, "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
If we have 3 spearman and 0 knights, the most numerous type is spearman.
The defender has 4 knights, most numerous is knight.
Spearman counters knight, so WE have the counter!
So our attack is multiplied by 1.5.
Attack: 3 spearman * 1 = 3. With multiplier: 4.5.
Defense of Sevilha is 10.
4.5 < 10, we lose.
So 3 spearman is not enough. We need at least 4 spearman to have 4 * 1.5 = 6 (still < 10), or 4 spearman + 1 knight to have (4 + 4) * 1.5 = 12 > 10.
So we need 4 spearman and 1 knight to win against Sevilha.
This means we must send 4 spearman and 1 knight, leaving 2 knights in Badajoz if we don't send them to Toledo.
But if we send 2 knights to Toledo, we use 2 knights, leaving 1 knight for Sevilha. Total knights used: 3. This matches exactly the 3 knights we have!
So Badajoz will have 0 troops left. This is the only way to attack both Toledo and Sevilha successfully with the troops we have.
Since Badajoz is interior and we have no enemy sighted, 0 troops for 1-2 turns is acceptable, especially since we are expanding and capturing more villages.

Let's double check the march times and paths:
- Badajoz to Toledo: [4] -> [8]. Direct road. 1 turn for knights.
- Badajoz to Sevilha: [4] -> [9]. Direct road. 2 turns for spearman.
- Santarem to Coimbra: [1] -> [3]. Direct road. 1 turn for knights.
- Lisboa to Santarem: [0] -> [1]. Direct road. 1 turn for mixed (knight and spearman). Since knight is fast and spearman is slow, mixed army marches at slowest speed (slow). So it takes 1 turn? Or more?
Let's check the march times from the report:
"march from [3] Coimbra: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Porto.
This means 1 turn for slow, 1 turn for medium, 1 turn for fast.
So even slow troops take 1 turn to go from Coimbra to Porto.
Thus, Lisboa to Santarem should also take 1 turn for slow troops.
So the mixed army of 1 knight and 1 spearman will take 1 turn to reach Santarem.

Let's write down the exact orders.

Builds:
- Lisboa [0]: build 1 knight, 1 spearman.
- Santarem [1]: build 1 knight.
- Evora [2]: build 1 knight.
- Coimbra [3]: build 1 archer.

Movements:
- From Lisboa [0] to Santarem [1]: send 1 knight, 1 spearman.
- From Santarem [1] to Coimbra [3]: send 3 knights.
- From Badajoz [4] to Toledo [8]: send 2 knights.
- From Badajoz [4] to Sevilha [9]: send 4 spearman, 1 knight.

Let's verify the troop counts and resources:
Lisboa:
Initial: 1 spearman. Wood 45, Iron 40.
Build: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron), 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron).
Total cost: 45 wood, 30 iron.
Remaining: 0 wood, 10 iron.
Troops at home after build: 2 spearman, 1 knight.
Send: 1 knight, 1 spearman.
Troops left at home: 1 spearman. (Valid, we have 1 spearman to defend capital).

Santarem:
Initial: 3 knights. Wood 30, Iron 30.
Build: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
Total cost: 30 wood, 30 iron.
Remaining: 0 wood, 0 iron.
Troops at home after build: 4 knights.
Send: 3 knights to Coimbra.
Receive: 1 knight, 1 spearman from Lisboa (arrives next turn).
Troops left at home after send: 1 knight. (Valid).

Evora:
Initial: 1 knight. Wood 30, Iron 30.
Build: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
Total cost: 30 wood, 30 iron.
Remaining: 0 wood, 0 iron.
Troops at home after build: 2 knights.
No movements from Evora. (Valid).

Coimbra:
Initial: 3 spearman. Wood 30, Iron 20.
Build: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
Total cost: 20 wood, 10 iron.
Remaining: 10 wood, 10 iron.
Troops at home after build: 3 spearman, 1 archer.
Receive: 3 knights from Santarem (arrives next turn).
No movements from Coimbra. (Valid).

Badajoz:
Initial: 4 spearman, 3 knight. Wood 0, Iron 0.
No build.
Send: 2 knights to Toledo, 4 spearman + 1 knight to Sevilha.
Total sent: 4 spearman, 3 knight.
Troops left at home: 0. (Valid).

Faro:
Initial: 1 spearman, 2 archer. Wood 0, Iron 0.
No build, no movements. (Valid).

Let's check if there are any constraints we violated:
"Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."
Yes, we checked the wood and iron stock for each village.
"Cap per village: when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building". Our troop counts are way below 300.
"Each village you hold produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn." This is already accounted for in the (+30/turn) and (+20/turn), and the current stock is what we can spend now.
"Use only ids that appear in the report above."
Our ids: 0, 1, 2, 3, 4 for our villages; 8, 9 for target neutrals. All are in the report.
"Empty lists are valid orders." We have non-empty lists, which is fine.

Let's write the `plan` note:
We need to write a note to our next turn, 2 to 4 lines, in English.
"Plan: Expand aggressively from Badajoz by sending 2 knights to Toledo and 4 spearman + 1 knight to Sevilha. Reinforce Coimbra with 3 knights from Santarem, and move troops from Lisboa to Santarem. Build knights in Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, and an archer in Coimbra to grow our army. Next turn, we will assess the battles at Toledo and Sevilha, and prepare to attack Porto from Coimbra once reinforced."

Let's write the `statement` note:
We need to write 2 to 4 lines for the audience, in English, about what we did THIS turn.
"Statement: This turn, we focused on rapid expansion and reinforcement. We built new knights in Lisboa, Santarem, and Evora, and an archer in Coimbra. We marched 3 knights from Santarem to Coimbra to prepare for the assault on Porto, while moving troops from Lisboa to Santarem. From Badajoz, we launched a double offensive, sending 2 knights to Toledo and a mixed force to Sevilha to secure new territories."

Let's double check the combat calculations to be absolutely sure we win.
Toledo [8]: garrison 4 archers, effective defense 10.
We send 2 knights.
Attack: 2 knights * 4 = 8.
Counter: knight vs archer -> knight counters archer. Multiplier 1.5.
Effective attack: 8 * 1.5 = 12.
Defense: 10.
12 > 10, we win.

Sevilha [9]: garrison 4 knights, effective defense 10.
We send 4 spearman, 1 knight.
Most numerous type: spearman (4) vs knight (4). Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight -> spearman is most numerous.
Counter: spearman vs knight -> spearman counters knight. Multiplier 1.5.
Attack: 4 spearman (4 * 1 = 4) + 1 knight (1 * 4 = 4) = 8.
Effective attack: 8 * 1.5 = 12.
Defense: 10.
12 > 10, we win.

Porto [6]: garrison 3 knights, effective defense 8.
We didn't attack it this turn, but we reinforced Coimbra with 3 knights.
Next turn, Coimbra will have 3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knights.
If we attack Porto next turn with 3 knights:
Attack: 3 knights * 4 = 12.
Counter: knight vs knight -> no counter.
Defense: 8.
12 > 8, we win.
Or if we attack with 3 spearman + 3 knights:
Most numerous: spearman (3) vs knight (3). Tie breaks to spearman. Spearman counters knight. Multiplier 1.5.
Attack: 3 spearman (3) + 3 knights (12) = 15.
Effective attack: 15 * 1.5 = 22.5.
Defense: 8.
Massive win.

Everything looks extremely solid and well-calculated.
Let's format the JSON exactly as requested.

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 3, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 0, "toId": 1, "troops": {"knight": 1, "spearman": 1}},
    {"fromId": 1, "toId": 3, "troops": {"knight": 3}},
    {"fromId": 4, "toId": 8, "troops": {"knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 4, "toId": 9, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "knight": 1}}
  ],
  "plan": "Expand aggressively from Badajoz by sending 2 knights to Toledo and 4 spearman + 1 knight to Sevilha. Reinforce Coimbra with 3 knights from Santarem, and move troops from Lisboa to Santarem. Build knights in Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, and an archer in Coimbra to grow our army. Next turn, we will assess the battles at Toledo and Sevilha, and prepare to attack Porto from Coimbra once reinforced.",
  "statement": "This turn, we focused on rapid expansion and reinforcement. We built new knights in Lisboa, Santarem, and Evora, and an archer in Coimbra. We marched 3 knights from Santarem to Coimbra to prepare for the assault on Porto, while moving troops from Lisboa to Santarem. From Badajoz, we launched a double offensive, sending 2 knights to Toledo and a mixed force to Sevilha to secure new territories."
}

Let's review the prompt's instructions:
"Reply with ONE valid JSON object and nothing else - no text before or after it."
"Field by field - this describes the SHAPE of the reply; it is not a suggested move, and there is no example to copy:"
"Use only ids that appear in the report above. Do not send troops a village does not have. Empty lists are valid orders."

Let's check if the JSON is valid.
Yes, it is a standard JSON object.
Let's check the keys:
- `build`: list of objects with `villageId`, `type`, `quantity`.
- `movements`: list of objects with `fromId`, `toId`, `troops` (object with troop types and quantities).
- `plan`: string.
- `statement`: string.

Let's check the troop types: "spearman", "archer", "knight". All correct.
Let's check the village ids: 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 8, 9. All correct.
Let's check the quantities:
- Lisboa: 1 knight, 1 spearman. (We have 1 spearman at home, build 1 knight and 1 spearman, send 1 knight and 1 spearman. Correct).
- Santarem: 1 knight. (We have 3 knights, build 1 knight, send 3 knights. Correct).
- Evora: 1 knight. (We have 1 knight, build 1 knight. Correct).
- Coimbra: 1 archer. (We have 3 spearman, build 1 archer. Correct).
- Badajoz: send 2 knights to 8, 4 spearman + 1 knight to 9. (We have 4 spearman, 3 knight. Correct).

Everything is perfectly aligned with the rules and the current state. I will output the JSON now.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"arqueiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":0,"destinoId":1,"tropas":{"cavaleiro":1,"lanceiro":1}},{"origemId":1,"destinoId":3,"tropas":{"cavaleiro":3}},{"origemId":4,"destinoId":8,"tropas":{"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":4,"destinoId":9,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"cavaleiro":1}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [1]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [2]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [3]
ACEITO envio [0]->[1]: 1S
ACEITO envio [1]->[3]: 3K
ACEITO envio [4]->[8]: 2K (alvo neutra arqueiro)
ACEITO envio [4]->[9]: 4S+1K (alvo neutra cavaleiro)
AJUSTADO envio [0]->[1]: pediu 1S+1K, enviado 1S (estoque real)
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Expand aggressively from Badajoz by sending 2 knights to Toledo and 4 spearman + 1 knight to Sevilha. Reinforce Coimbra with 3 knights from Santarem, and move troops from Lisboa to Santarem. Build knights in Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, and an archer in Coimbra to grow our army. Next turn, we will assess the battles at Toledo and Sevilha, and prepare to attack Porto from Coimbra once reinforced.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): This turn, we focused on rapid expansion and reinforcement. We built new knights in Lisboa, Santarem, and Evora, and an archer in Coimbra. We marched 3 knights from Santarem to Coimbra to prepare for the assault on Porto, while moving troops from Lisboa to Santarem. From Badajoz, we launched a double offensive, sending 2 knights to Toledo and a mixed force to Sevilha to secure new territories.
########## TURNO 5 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3378 | resposta 20602 | raciocinio 16174 | finish stop | ms 225361
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 16, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 3}},\n    {\"fromId\": 20, \"toId\": 19, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 17, \"toId\": 19, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 21, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 22, \"toId\": 21, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 18, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"We attack Teruel [13] with Valencia's knights and archers, and sacrifice the Huesca army to clear Pamplona [19], followed by spearmen from Huesca and Zaragoza to take it. We build knights at Barcelona, Tarragona, Castellon, and Zaragoza, and spearmen at Girona and Huesca. Next turn we will have 9 villages and will push towards Madrid [12] with our gathered knights, then expand west towards the enemy capital.\",\n  \"statement\": \"This turn we ordered the assault on Teruel with our elite knights, while our forces in Huesca made the ultimate sacrifice to weaken Pamplona's knight garrison. We are building up our knight corps across our core villages to strike at Madrid next. The path to the enemy capital is opening up.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B in a strategy game. I need to analyze the current state (Turn 5) and provide a JSON response with build orders, movement orders, a plan, and a statement.

Let's analyze the state:
My villages (7):
- Barcelona [22]: Capital, wood 30, iron 70, defense 3, troops: 1/300 (1 spearman? Wait, "1 / 300" and "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight". So 1 knight at home? Or 1 spearman? Let's check "troops at home: 1 / 300" and "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight". So 1 knight at home. Total troops at home: 1. Wait, the summary says "TOTAL: 19 soldiers at home (12 spearman, 2 archer, 5 knight) + 4 marching". Let's sum up the available troops:
  - Barcelona: 0 spear, 0 arch, 1 knight
  - Tarragona: 2 spear, 0 arch, 1 knight
  - Girona: 1 spear, 0 arch, 0 knight
  - Castellon: 2 spear, 0 arch, 0 knight
  - Zaragoza: 4 spear, 0 arch, 0 knight
  - Huesca: 2 spear, 0 arch, 0 knight (already marching out: 2 spearmen, 2 archers)
  - Valencia: 1 spear, 2 arch, 3 knight
  Sum of available: spear = 0+2+1+2+4+2+1 = 12. arch = 0+0+0+0+0+0+2 = 2. knight = 1+1+0+0+0+0+3 = 5. Total available = 19.
  Marching: 2 spearmen, 2 archers from Huesca to Pamplona [19] (arrives in 1 turn).
  Total troops = 19 at home + 4 marching = 23. Wait, the text says "TOTAL: 19 soldiers at home ... + 4 marching".

Let's look at the map and road network.
My villages: 22, 21, 23, 18, 17, 20, 16.
Neutral villages visible:
- Teruel [13]: 4 archers, defense 10. March from Valencia [16]: 1 slow/med/fast turn.
- Madrid [12]: 4 archers, defense 10. March from Zaragoza [17]: 1 slow/med/fast turn.
- Murcia [15]: 4 knights, defense 10. March from Valencia [16]: 1 slow/med/fast turn.
- Pamplona [19]: 4 knights, defense 10. March from Zaragoza [17]: 2 slow/1 med/1 fast. March from Huesca [20]: 1 slow/1 med/1 fast? Wait, road network says Pamplona [19] connects to [14], [17], [20]. Huesca [20] connects to [17], [19], [23]. So Huesca to Pamplona is 1 step. March distance says "march from [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Pamplona. But my army is already marching from Huesca [20] to Pamplona [19], arriving in 1 turn.

Let's check the road connections:
- Valencia [16] connects to [13] Teruel, [15] Murcia, [18] Castellon.
- Zaragoza [17] connects to [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona.
- Huesca [20] connects to [17] Zaragoza, [19] Pamplona, [23] Girona.
- Tarragona [21] connects to [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [22] Barcelona.
- Barcelona [22] connects to [21] Tarragona, [23] Girona.
- Girona [23] connects to [20] Huesca, [22] Barcelona.
- Castellon [18] connects to [13] Teruel, [16] Valencia, [21] Tarragona.

Unexplored villages:
- Burgos [14], Salamanca [7], Toledo [8], Cordoba [11], Badajoz [4], Porto [6], Vigo [10], Coimbra [3], Sevilha [9], Faro [5], Santarem [1], Lisboa [0] (enemy capital), Evora [2].

Road network details:
[0] Lisboa: [1], [2]
[1] Santarem: [0], [3], [4]
[2] Evora: [0], [5]
[3] Coimbra: [1], [6], [7]
[4] Badajoz: [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]
[5] Faro: [2], [4], [9]
[6] Porto: [3], [7], [10]
[7] Salamanca: [3], [4], [6], [12]
[8] Toledo: [4], [11], [12], [13]
[9] Sevilha: [4], [5], [11]
[10] Vigo: [6], [14]
[11] Cordoba: [8], [9], [15]
[12] Madrid: [7], [8], [14], [17]
[13] Teruel: [8], [16], [17], [18]
[14] Burgos: [10], [12], [19]
[15] Murcia: [11], [16]
[16] Valencia: [13], [15], [18]
[17] Zaragoza: [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]
[18] Castellon: [13], [16], [21]
[19] Pamplona: [14], [17], [20]
[20] Huesca: [17], [19], [23]
[21] Tarragona: [17], [18], [22]
[22] Barcelona: [21], [23]
[23] Girona: [20], [22]

Let's look at the enemy. There is no enemy sighted except maybe some neutral villages.
Wait, "ENEMY (only what your watchmen can see): - none sighted".
So the enemy is not visible. But we know the enemy capital is Lisboa [0].
We currently hold 7 of 24 villages. We need 18 for 2 consecutive turns to win, or eliminate every enemy village.
We just conquered Valencia [16] last turn.
Our current troops:
- Barcelona [22]: 1 knight
- Tarragona [21]: 2 spear, 1 knight
- Girona [23]: 1 spear
- Castellon [18]: 2 spear
- Zaragoza [17]: 4 spear
- Huesca [20]: 2 spear (2 spear, 2 arch marching to Pamplona)
- Valencia [16]: 1 spear, 2 arch, 3 knight

Let's look at the resources:
- Barcelona: wood 30, iron 70. Can build knights (30 wood, 30 iron). Cap is 300, currently 1/300. So we can build knights.
- Tarragona: wood 30, iron 30. Can build knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) or archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
- Girona: wood 30, iron 20. Can build spearman (15 wood) or archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
- Castellon: wood 30, iron 40. Can build anything.
- Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 40. Can build anything.
- Huesca: wood 30, iron 20. Can build spearman or archer.
- Valencia: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build anything this turn because it just changed hands? "You attacked [16] Valencia: VICTORY, conquered". It has wood 0, iron 0, but produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn. Wait, "Each village you hold produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn." But it says "wood 0 (+30/turn) | iron 0 (+20/turn)". This means it starts with 0 resources and will produce next turn, or it produces but we have 0 now. So we cannot build with Valencia's resources this turn.

Let's plan our moves.
We have 4 marching troops: 2 spearmen, 2 archers from Huesca [20] to Pamplona [19], arriving in 1 turn.
Pamplona [19] has 4 knights, defense 10.
If we attack Pamplona with 2 spear, 2 arch:
Effective attack: spear count = 2, arch count = 2, knight count = 0.
Most numerous type: tie between spear and arch. "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight". So spearman is the most numerous type.
Wait, "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
If spear is most numerous, the matchup is spear vs knight? No, the counter triangle is: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer.
If our most numerous is spear, and defender is knight (Pamplona has 4 knights), then we have the counter! Spearman counters knight.
So our force is multiplied by 1.5.
Our attack power: spear has attack 1, arch has attack 2.
Total attack = 2 * 1 + 2 * 2 = 6.
With counter bonus: 6 * 1.5 = 9.
Defender: Pamplona has 4 knights. Defense of knight is 2.
Effective defense of Pamplona is 10 (location bonus included).
Wait, "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again."
So defender's effective defense is 10.
Our effective attack is 9. Defender wins (10 > 9). We would lose.
Wait, is there any other troop type? Pamplona has 4 knights. So defender's most numerous is knight.
Does defender get a counter bonus? "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
Does the defender get the counter bonus? "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle... Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
It says "your force", meaning the attacker's force. But what about the defender? Usually, the counter applies to the attacker. Let's re-read: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup... Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
It says "your force", which usually means the attacker's force. But sometimes it applies to both? "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins."
If attacker has spear (counters knight), attacker gets 1.5x. Defender has knight, does it counter archer? Defender's most numerous is knight. Attacker's most numerous is spear. The matchup is spear vs knight. Attacker has the counter, so attacker gets 1.5x. Defender does not have the counter because spear does not counter knight for the defender (the defender just defends). Or does the defender's knight counter the attacker's archer? But the matchup is set by the most numerous types. Spear vs knight. So attacker gets the bonus.
If our attack is 9, and defense is 10, we lose.
But we are sending 2 spearmen, 2 archers. Can we send more?
From Huesca [20], we have 2 spear available. We are already marching 2 spear, 2 arch.
Wait, "already marching out (NOT available): 2 spearmen, 2 archers". So those are the ones marching to Pamplona.
Can we send more from Zaragoza [17] or elsewhere?
Zaragoza has 4 spear. It connects to Pamplona [19] via road: [17] -> [19] is a direct road.
March distance from Zaragoza to Pamplona: "march from [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".
If we send from Zaragoza, they will take 2 slow turns (if we send spearmen).
If we send 4 spearmen from Zaragoza, they will arrive in 2 slow turns (so 2 turns later).
But the troops from Huesca arrive in 1 turn. "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So if we send from Zaragoza, they will arrive later and fight separately.
Is it better to attack Pamplona now with the Huesca troops, or wait?
If we attack with 2 spear, 2 arch, we have 9 attack vs 10 defense. We lose. "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
If we lose, our army is destroyed entirely? "The losing army is destroyed entirely; the winner takes losses and keeps marching."
So if we attack Pamplona now, we lose all 4 troops.
What if we don't attack? We can cancel the march? No, "already marching out". They will arrive and fight.
Wait, can we change the destination? "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination."
The army is marching from Huesca [20] to Pamplona [19]. Pamplona is the first village on the path that is not ours. So they will stop and fight.
If we don't want them to fight, we should have ordered them to a different place, but they are already marching. We can't change it.
Wait, can we send reinforcements from Zaragoza to help them? But they fight alone.
What if we send troops from Zaragoza to Pamplona as well, but they arrive later? They will fight the remaining garrison.
If the Huesca army loses, Pamplona's defense might decrease? No, "The winner also takes losses". So Pamplona will lose some troops.
Let's calculate the losses for Pamplona if we attack with 2 spear, 2 arch.
Attacker effective force: 9. Defender effective force: 10.
Attacker loses: 9/10 of their force? Or is it a formula?
"The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
Usually, losses are proportional to the opponent's force.
If attacker has 9, defender has 10. Attacker loses all (9). Defender loses some proportion, maybe 9/10 of their force? So defender loses ~8.1, rounded to 8? Or maybe 9/10 * 10 = 9? So defender loses 9 troops?
If defender loses 9 troops, and they had 4 knights (each knight is 1 troop? "garrison: 4 knights" means 4 individual knights). So they would lose all 4 knights?
If defender loses all 4 knights, Pamplona becomes undefended? But it's a neutral village, so it might have 0 troops.
Then the next army (from Zaragoza) would face 0 troops and easily take it.
But wait, "Neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type."
Turn 5 is a multiple of 5, so maybe they just gained troops? "effective defense (location bonus included): 10 (was 8, 4 turns ago)". So they had 8 defense 4 turns ago, now 10. They gained troops.

Let's look at other options.
We have Valencia [16] with 1 spear, 2 arch, 3 knight.
We can send troops from Valencia to Teruel [13] or Murcia [15].
Teruel [13] has 4 archers, defense 10.
Murcia [15] has 4 knights, defense 10.
March from Valencia to Teruel: 1 slow/med/fast turn.
March from Valencia to Murcia: 1 slow/med/fast turn.
If we send all from Valencia: 1 spear, 2 arch, 3 knight.
Most numerous type: knight (3). Attacker's most numerous is knight. Defender is archer (Teruel) or knight (Murcia).
If we attack Teruel (4 archers):
Attacker most numerous: knight. Defender most numerous: archer.
Knight counters archer! So we get 1.5x bonus.
Attack power: spear 1*1=1, arch 2*2=4, knight 4*3=12. Total = 17.
With counter bonus: 17 * 1.5 = 25.5.
Defender defense: 4 archers, defense 2 each. Total defense = 8. But effective defense is 10 (location bonus included).
So our effective attack is 25.5 vs 10. We win easily.
If we attack Murcia (4 knights):
Attacker most numerous: knight. Defender most numerous: knight.
No counter bonus (knight vs knight).
Attack power: 17. Defense: 10. We win (17 > 10).
So we can take either Teruel or Murcia from Valencia.
But wait, "Each troop type has its own ATTACK and DEFENSE values... speed slow/medium/fast".
"A MIXED army marches at the speed of its SLOWEST troop."
If we send from Valencia, we have spear (slow), arch (medium), knight (fast). The army will march at slow speed.
March distance: "march from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".
So if we send a mixed army, it takes 1 slow turn. If we send only knights, it takes 1 fast turn. But we can send them now, they arrive next turn.

Let's look at Zaragoza [17]. It has 4 spear.
We can send them to Madrid [12] or Pamplona [19] or Teruel [13].
Madrid [12] has 4 archers, defense 10.
If we send 4 spear from Zaragoza to Madrid:
Most numerous: spear. Defender: archer.
Archer counters spear! So defender has the counter? "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle... Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
Wait, does the defender get the counter bonus?
"The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
It says "each army", so both attacker and defender have a most numerous type.
"Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
"Your force" might refer to the side that has the counter. If attacker has spear, defender has archer. Archer counters spear. So the defender has the counter!
If defender has the counter, defender's force is multiplied by 1.5.
Let's check the wording: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counts spearman; knight counts archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
It doesn't specify attacker or defender, just "your force". So whichever side has the counter gets the bonus.
If attacker sends 4 spear (attack 1 each, total 4) to Madrid (4 archers, defense 2 each, total 8, plus location bonus to 10).
Attacker most numerous: spear. Defender most numerous: archer.
Archer counters spear. So defender has the counter.
Defender's effective defense is 10. With counter bonus, does it become 15?
"The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again."
But does it include the counter bonus? "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus." It doesn't mention the counter bonus. So we might need to apply the counter bonus ourselves if the defender has it.
If defender has counter, defense becomes 10 * 1.5 = 15.
Attacker attack is 4. We lose badly.
So sending spear to archer is a bad idea.

What if we send 4 spear to Pamplona (4 knights)?
Attacker: spear. Defender: knight.
Spear counters knight. Attacker has the counter.
Attack: 4 * 1 = 4. With counter: 4 * 1.5 = 6.
Defense: 10. We lose (6 < 10).
What if we send 4 spear to Teruel (4 archers)?
Attacker: spear. Defender: archer. Defender has counter. We lose.
What if we send 4 spear to Madrid (4 archers) but we mix them?
We only have spear in Zaragoza. We can't mix unless we bring other troops from elsewhere. But Zaragoza only has 4 spear available.

Let's look at Tarragona [21]: 2 spear, 1 knight.
We can send them to Zaragoza [17] (our village) to reinforce, or to Madrid [12] (neutral).
If we send to Madrid: 2 spear, 1 knight.
Most numerous: spear (2). Defender: archer (4). Defender has counter.
Attack: 2*1 + 1*4 = 6. Defender defense: 10 * 1.5 = 15. We lose.
If we send to Zaragoza: they just reinforce.

Let's look at Castellon [18]: 2 spear.
Can send to Teruel [13] or Valencia [16] or Tarragona [21].
Teruel has 4 archers. Sending 2 spear: attacker spear, defender archer. Defender has counter. We lose.

Let's look at Barcelona [22]: 1 knight.
Can send to Tarragona [21] or Girona [23] or Zaragoza [17] via Tarragona? Road: [22] -> [21] -> [17].
If we send to Tarragona, it takes 1 fast turn.

Let's look at Girona [23]: 1 spear.
Can send to Huesca [20] or Barcelona [22].

Let's look at Huesca [20]: 2 spear available. Already marching 2 spear, 2 arch to Pamplona.
Can we send the 2 spear to Pamplona as well? They would arrive in 1 slow turn (since Pamplona is 1 step away, but march distance says "march from [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow...". What about from Huesca? "march from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Teruel. For Pamplona from Huesca, the road is [20] -> [19]. It's 1 step. So 1 turn.
If we send 2 spear from Huesca to Pamplona, they will arrive in 1 slow turn.
But the army from Huesca (2 spear, 2 arch) is already marching there and will arrive in 1 turn.
"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So if we send 2 spear from Huesca, they will fight separately from the 2 spear, 2 arch already marching.
Wait, if they are from the same village, do they add up? "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up". So same village might add up? But the 2 spear, 2 arch are already marching out. We can't send more from Huesca unless we have them available. We have 2 spear available. If we order them to march to Pamplona, they will join the existing march? Or march separately?
"already marching out (NOT available): 2 spearmen, 2 archers". So the 2 spear available are separate. If we send them, they will march separately, even if from the same village? "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up... each send fights alone". It implies each "send" is a separate group. If we send the 2 spear now, they are a new send. They will arrive in 1 turn (slow). The first send (2 spear, 2 arch) also arrives in 1 turn. They will fight one at a time.
Which one fights first? Probably the one that arrived first, or the defender fights them in sequence.
If the first send (2 spear, 2 arch) loses, Pamplona's garrison will be reduced. Then the second send (2 spear) might win.
But is it worth sending 2 spear to die?

Let's rethink the strategy.
We need 18 villages. We have 7. We need 11 more.
The neutral villages we can see: Teruel [13], Madrid [12], Murcia [15], Pamplona [19].
If we take these 4, we have 11. We need 7 more from the unexplored area.
The unexplored area has: Burgos [14], Salamanca [7], Toledo [8], Cordoba [11], Badajoz [4], Porto [6], Vigo [10], Coimbra [3], Sevilha [9], Faro [5], Santarem [1], Lisboa [0], Evora [2].
That's 13 villages. Some are enemy, some might be neutral.
We need to expand west.
To expand west, we need to go through Madrid [12] or Teruel [13] or Pamplona [19].
Road to west:
- From Zaragoza [17] to Madrid [12] -> then to Salamanca [7], Toledo [8], Burgos [14].
- From Valencia [16] to Teruel [13] -> then to Toledo [8].
- From Pamplona [19] to Burgos [14] -> then to Vigo [10], Porto [6].
So taking Madrid, Teruel, Pamplona is crucial.

Let's evaluate the strength of the neutral villages:
- Teruel [13]: 4 archers, defense 10.
- Madrid [12]: 4 archers, defense 10.
- Murcia [15]: 4 knights, defense 10.
- Pamplona [19]: 4 knights, defense 10.

They all have 4 troops and defense 10.
To attack them effectively, we need a counter bonus or superior numbers.
Our current troops:
- Knights: 5 (1 in Barcelona, 1 in Tarragona, 3 in Valencia). Knight is strong (attack 4, defense 2).
- Archers: 2 (in Valencia).
- Spearmen: 12 (spread out).

If we concentrate knights, we can beat archers (knight counters archer) and knights (no counter but high attack).
For example, if we send 3 knights from Valencia to Teruel (4 archers):
Attacker: 3 knights. Most numerous: knight. Defender: archer.
Knight counters archer. Attack: 3 * 4 = 12. With counter: 12 * 1.5 = 18.
Defense: 10. We win.
If we send 3 knights to Murcia (4 knights):
Attack: 12. Defense: 10. We win.
So Valencia's 3 knights can take either Teruel or Murcia.
But Valencia also has 1 spear, 2 arch. If we send them all, the army is mixed, speed is slow. But it's only 1 turn.
If we send only knights, they are fast, but we leave the spear and arch behind.
Actually, we can send the knights from Valencia to Teruel, and leave the spear and arch to defend Valencia or build.
Wait, Valencia has 0 resources, so we can't build there this turn.
But we can send troops from other places to Valencia to defend it, though it's interior (no enemy border). "INTERIOR (no enemy border)". So it's safe from enemy attack for now.

Let's look at the marching troops: 2 spear, 2 arch from Huesca to Pamplona.
As calculated, they have 9 attack vs 10 defense. They will lose.
Can we do something to help them?
If we send troops from Zaragoza to Pamplona, they will arrive later. But they fight alone.
If we send 4 spear from Zaragoza to Pamplona, they arrive in 2 slow turns. By then, the first army might have fought and Pamplona's garrison might be reduced.
But 4 spear vs 4 knights: spear counters knight. Attack: 4 * 1 = 4. With counter: 4 * 1.5 = 6. Defense: 10 (if full). Still lose.
What if we send knights from Tarragona or Barcelona to Pamplona?
Barcelona has 1 knight. Tarragona has 1 knight.
If we send them to Zaragoza, then to Pamplona? That takes too many turns.
We can send them directly to Pamplona if the road allows.
Road from Barcelona [22] to Pamplona [19]: [22] -> [21] -> [17] -> [19]. That's 3 steps.
Road from Tarragona [21] to Pamplona [19]: [21] -> [17] -> [19]. 2 steps.
If we send 1 knight from Tarragona to Pamplona, it takes 2 fast turns? "march from [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Pamplona. From Tarragona, it's [21] -> [17] -> [19]. So 2 steps. Knight is fast, so 2 fast turns.
But the Huesca army arrives in 1 turn. So the knight from Tarragona arrives too late to help the first fight.

Maybe we should not have sent the Huesca army to Pamplona. But it's already done. We have to deal with it.
If the Huesca army (2 spear, 2 arch) fights Pamplona (4 knights) and loses:
Attacker effective force: 9. Defender effective force: 10.
Attacker loses all 4 troops.
Defender loses: attrition against loser's effective force. "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
How is attrition calculated? Usually, the winner loses a number of troops equal to the loser's effective force divided by their own effective force, or something like that.
If loser has 9, winner has 10. Winner loses 9/10 of their force? Or maybe loser's attack vs defender's defense?
"The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
This implies the winner loses troops proportional to the loser's effective force.
If loser's effective force is 9, and winner's is 10. Winner might lose 9 troops? But they only have 4 knights. So they lose all 4 knights?
If they lose all 4 knights, Pamplona becomes empty.
Then the next army that arrives (e.g., from Zaragoza) will face 0 troops and can take the village easily.
But wait, "Neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type."
Turn 5 is a hardening turn. So maybe they just gained a troop.
If Pamplona loses all 4 knights, it has 0 troops. But it might gain 1 next turn? No, hardening happens every 5 turns. Turn 5 is the current turn. So after the fight, it might have 0.
But if we send 4 spear from Zaragoza, they arrive in 2 turns. By then, Pamplona might have 0 troops, so 4 spear will easily take it.
But we need to take it now to expand.
Actually, if Pamplona is emptied by the Huesca army's sacrifice, we can take it with any troops.
But we need to send troops to take it.
If we send 4 spear from Zaragoza to Pamplona, they arrive in 2 slow turns. If Pamplona has 0 troops, they will just occupy it.
But wait, "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination."
If Pamplona has 0 troops, the army will stop there, fight 0 troops, and take it.
So sending 4 spear from Zaragoza to Pamplona is a good idea if we expect Pamplona to be empty.
But we also need to take Madrid and Teruel.
Let's look at Madrid [12]. It has 4 archers, defense 10.
We can attack it from Zaragoza [17] or from the west (once we have a village there).
Zaragoza has 4 spear. As calculated, 4 spear vs 4 archer: defender has counter, so defender's defense becomes 10 * 1.5 = 15. Attacker attack is 4. We lose.
What if we send knights to Madrid? We don't have knights in Zaragoza. We have 1 knight in Tarragona, 1 in Barcelona.
If we send 1 knight from Tarragona to Madrid: [21] -> [17] -> [12]. 2 steps. Knight is fast, so 2 fast turns.
1 knight vs 4 archers: attacker knight, defender archer. Knight counters archer.
Attack: 4. With counter: 6. Defense: 10. We lose (6 < 10).
What if we send 2 knights? We only have 1 in Tarragona and 1 in Barcelona. If we send both, we need to gather them.
Barcelona knight to Tarragona: 1 fast turn. Then Tarragona to Madrid: 2 fast turns. Total 3 turns.
Too slow.

What about Teruel [13]? It has 4 archers, defense 10.
We can attack from Valencia [16] or Zaragoza [17] or Castellon [18].
Valencia has 3 knights, 2 arch, 1 spear.
If we send 3 knights from Valencia to Teruel:
Attack: 3 * 4 = 12. With counter (knight vs archer): 18. Defense: 10. We win.
If we send all 6 troops from Valencia: mixed army, speed slow. Attack: spear 1, arch 2*2=4, knight 3*4=12. Total 17. With counter: 25.5. Defense: 10. We win.
But sending all leaves Valencia empty. It's interior, so safe, but we might want to keep some troops there.
Actually, Valencia just became ours. It has 6 troops. We can send them all to Teruel, take it, and then Valencia has 0 troops but is safe.
Or we can send 3 knights and 2 arch, leaving 1 spear.
If we send 3 knights, 2 arch: most numerous is knight (3). Defender is archer. Knight counters archer.
Attack: 3*4 + 2*2 = 16. With counter: 24. Defense: 10. Win.
We can leave the spear in Valencia.
So we can order: from Valencia [16] to Teruel [13], send 3 knights, 2 arch.
Wait, "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 1 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight". So we can send 3 knights and 2 archers.
March distance: "march from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Teruel.
Since we send knights (fast) and archers (medium), the slowest is medium. So it takes 1 medium turn.
They will arrive next turn and fight Teruel.
If we win, we take Teruel. Then we have 8 villages.

What about Murcia [15]? It has 4 knights, defense 10.
We can attack from Valencia [16].
If we send troops from Valencia to Murcia, we can't also send to Teruel (unless we split, but we only have 6 troops).
If we take Teruel, we can then go to Toledo [8] or Madrid [12] from Teruel.
Road from Teruel [13]: [8], [16], [17], [18].
So from Teruel we can go to Toledo [8] (unexplored).
Toledo [8] connects to [4], [11], [12], [13]. It's a gateway to the west/south.
So taking Teruel is a good move.

Let's look at Pamplona [19] again.
The Huesca army (2 spear, 2 arch) is marching there. They will likely lose, but might weaken the garrison.
Can we send troops from Zaragoza to Pamplona to follow up?
Zaragoza has 4 spear.
If we send 4 spear to Pamplona, they arrive in 2 slow turns.
If the Huesca army arrives in 1 turn and fights:
Attacker: 2 spear, 2 arch. Effective attack: 9. Defender: 4 knights, defense 10.
Result: Attacker loses all 4. Defender loses some.
How many does defender lose?
"The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
If loser's effective force is 9, and winner's is 10. Winner loses 9/10 of their force? Or maybe 9 troops? But they only have 4 knights. So they lose all 4.
If they lose all 4, Pamplona has 0 troops.
Then the 4 spear from Zaragoza arrive in 2 turns. They face 0 troops, so they take Pamplona.
But wait, "Neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type."
Turn 5 is the current turn. The hardening happens at the start of the turn? Or end?
"These numbers are from TURN 5. Ignore quantities from earlier turns."
"Neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type."
The report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 10 (was 8, 4 turns ago)".
So 4 turns ago (Turn 1), defense was 8. Now (Turn 5) it is 10. So it gained 2 defense over 4 turns? Or gained 1 troop?
"garrison: 4 archers" for Teruel. "was 8, 4 ago". So maybe it had 3 archers 4 turns ago (defense 8?), now 4 archers (defense 10).
So they gain 1 troop every 5 turns? Or every turn? "every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop".
If Turn 5 is a hardening turn, they might have just gained a troop.
If Pamplona loses all 4 knights, it will have 0. Next hardening is Turn 10.
So the 4 spear from Zaragoza will easily take it.
But we need to send them now.
So order: from Zaragoza [17] to Pamplona [19], send 4 spear.
Wait, Zaragoza has 4 spear available. We can send all 4.
March distance: "march from [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Pamplona.
Since we send spearmen (slow), it takes 2 slow turns.
So they arrive on Turn 7.
The Huesca army arrives on Turn 6 (1 turn from now).
So on Turn 6, Huesca army fights Pamplona. If they lose, Pamplona is weakened or emptied.
On Turn 7, Zaragoza army arrives and takes Pamplona.
This seems like a good plan: sacrifice the Huesca army to weaken Pamplona, then take it with Zaragoza's spearmen.
But wait, if Pamplona is emptied, we can take it. But we need to make sure the Zaragoza army doesn't get attacked by enemy on the way.
The road from Zaragoza to Pamplona is [17] -> [19]. It's direct. No enemy villages on the way.
So it's safe.

What about Madrid [12]?
We can't attack it effectively with spearmen.
We need knights or archers.
We have 1 knight in Barcelona, 1 knight in Tarragona.
We can build more knights!
Let's look at resources:
Barcelona: wood 30, iron 70. Can build knights (30 wood, 30 iron). Cap 300, currently 1/300. So we can build knights.
Tarragona: wood 30, iron 30. Can build knights (30 wood, 30 iron).
Castellon: wood 30, iron 40. Can build knights.
Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 40. Can build knights.
Valencia: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.
Huesca: wood 30, iron 20. Cannot build knights (needs 30 iron). Can build archers (20 wood, 10 iron) or spearmen (15 wood).
Girona: wood 30, iron 20. Can build archers or spearmen.

If we build knights at Barcelona, Tarragona, Castellon, Zaragoza:
Barcelona: 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: wood 0, iron 40.
Tarragona: 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: wood 0, iron 0.
Castellon: 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: wood 0, iron 10.
Zaragoza: 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: wood 0, iron 10.
But we also have existing troops. We can send them to gather.
If we build knights, they take 1 turn to build. So they will be ready next turn.
Then we can march them.
But we need to take Madrid soon.
Maybe we can send the existing knights to Madrid?
Tarragona has 1 knight. Barcelona has 1 knight.
If we send Tarragona's knight to Madrid: [21] -> [17] -> [12]. 2 fast turns. Arrives Turn 7.
If we send Barcelona's knight to Tarragona, then to Madrid? That takes 3 turns.
What if we send Tarragona's knight to Zaragoza, and Barcelona's knight to Tarragona, then next turn they can move? Too slow.

Maybe we should focus on the south front first.
We have Valencia [16]. We can send its troops to Teruel [13] and take it.
Then from Teruel, we can go to Toledo [8] or Madrid [12] (via [13] -> [8] -> [12] or [13] -> [17] -> [12]).
If we take Teruel, we have a foothold in the south.
Let's check the road from Teruel [13]: [8], [16], [17], [18].
Toledo [8] is unexplored. It connects to [4], [11], [12], [13].
If we take Teruel, we can see Toledo [8] and maybe attack it.
Toledo might be neutral or enemy. We don't know.
But taking Teruel is a good move.

Let's plan the builds for this turn.
We have 19 soldiers at home.
We want to build troops for the next pushes.
We need knights to counter archers in Madrid and Teruel.
We can build knights at Barcelona, Tarragona, Castellon, Zaragoza.
Also, we need spearmen to hold villages and counter knights.
We can build spearmen at Girona, Huesca, etc.
But resources are limited per village.
Let's list the resource caps and what we can build:
- Barcelona [22]: wood 30, iron 70. Can build 1 knight (30w, 30i). Or 2 archers (40w, 20i). Or 2 spearmen (30w, 0i).
  Best: build 1 knight. Leaves wood 0, iron 40.
- Tarragona [21]: wood 30, iron 30. Can build 1 knight (30w, 30i). Or 1 archer (20w, 10i) + 1 spear (15w)? No, 20+15=35 wood > 30.
  Best: build 1 knight. Leaves wood 0, iron 0.
- Girona [23]: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20w, 10i) or 2 spearmen (30w).
  Best: build 2 spearmen (to replenish spearman count). Leaves wood 0, iron 20.
- Castellon [18]: wood 30, iron 40. Can build 1 knight (30w, 30i) or 2 archers (40w, 20i) or 2 spearmen (30w).
  Best: build 1 knight. Leaves wood 0, iron 10.
- Zaragoza [17]: wood 30, iron 40. Can build 1 knight (30w, 30i) or 2 archers (40w, 20i) or 2 spearmen (30w).
  Best: build 1 knight. Leaves wood 0, iron 10.
- Huesca [20]: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20w, 10i) or 2 spearmen (30w).
  Best: build 2 spearmen. Leaves wood 0, iron 20.
- Valencia [16]: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.

Total builds: 4 knights, 4 spearmen.
This will give us more knights for the next turns.
But we also need to move troops now.
Let's decide on movements.

Movement orders:
1. From Valencia [16] to Teruel [13]: send 3 knights, 2 archers. (Leaves 1 spear in Valencia).
   Wait, "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 1 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight". So we can send 3 knights, 2 archers, and 1 spearman. If we send all, Valencia is empty. But it's interior, so safe. However, if we send all, we have no garrison. But we can send reinforcements later.
   Actually, if we send 3 knights and 2 archers, we have 1 spearman left. We can leave it as a garrison.
   Let's send 3 knights, 2 archers. Attack: 3*4 + 2*2 = 16. With counter (knight vs archer): 24. Defense: 10. Win.
   March speed: knights are fast, archers medium. Mixed army moves at medium speed. "march from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So it takes 1 medium turn. They arrive next turn.
2. From Huesca [20] to Pamplona [19]: already marching 2 spear, 2 arch. We can't change it. But we can send the 2 available spearmen from Huesca to Pamplona as well?
   If we send them, they will march separately. They will arrive in 1 slow turn (since Pamplona is 1 step, but spearmen are slow, so 1 slow turn).
   The first army (2 spear, 2 arch) is medium speed? Spear is slow, arch is medium. Mixed army moves at slow speed. So they also take 1 slow turn? Wait, "march from [20] Huesca: ... to Pamplona". The report says "march from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Teruel. For Pamplona from Huesca, it doesn't specify, but it's 1 step. So 1 turn for any speed? "Travel time is measured along the roads... march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns". This means the distance is measured in turns for each speed. If it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns", it means the distance is 1 for all speeds. So it takes 1 turn regardless of speed.
   So the first army arrives in 1 turn. The second army (2 spear) also arrives in 1 turn.
   "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
   So they will fight sequentially. The first send (2 spear, 2 arch) fights first. If it loses, the second send (2 spear) fights the weakened garrison.
   But 2 spear vs 4 knights: spear counters knight. Attack: 2*1 = 2. With counter: 3. Defense: 10 (if full). Still lose.
   If the first send weakens the garrison to, say, 2 knights (defense 5?), then the second send (2 spear, attack 3) might win.
   But is it worth sending 2 spear to die? We can just leave them in Huesca to defend it or build.
   Actually, Huesca is interior (no enemy border). So it's safe. We don't need to defend it.
   We can build more spearmen there instead of sending them.
   Let's not send the 2 spear from Huesca. Keep them for later.
3. From Zaragoza [17] to Pamplona [19]: send 4 spearmen.
   As discussed, they arrive in 2 slow turns. They will take Pamplona if the Huesca army empties it.
   Wait, if we send 4 spearmen from Zaragoza, Zaragoza will have 0 troops. But it's interior, so safe.
   But we might want to keep some troops in Zaragoza. We can build more next turn.
   Let's send 4 spearmen from Zaragoza to Pamplona.
   March distance: "march from [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Pamplona.
   Since we send spearmen (slow), it takes 2 slow turns. So they arrive on Turn 7.
4. From Tarragona [21] to Zaragoza [17]: send 1 knight, 2 spearmen?
   Tarragona has 2 spear, 1 knight. We can send them to Zaragoza to reinforce it, since we are emptying Zaragoza.
   Road: [21] -> [17]. 1 step. March distance: 1 slow/med/fast turn.
   If we send 2 spear, 1 knight: they arrive in 1 slow turn (since spear is slow).
   This reinforces Zaragoza for future moves.
5. From Barcelona [22] to Tarragona [21]: send 1 knight.
   Barcelona has 1 knight. Send it to Tarragona to join the group there? Or keep it.
   If we send it to Tarragona, Tarragona will have 2 knights (1 existing + 1 from Barcelona). Then next turn we can send them to Madrid.
   Road: [22] -> [21]. 1 fast turn.
   So Barcelona knight arrives in 1 turn at Tarragona.
6. From Castellon [18] to Valencia [16]: send 2 spearmen?
   Castellon has 2 spear. Valencia will have 1 spear left. We can send Castellon's spear to Valencia to reinforce it.
   Road: [18] -> [16]. 1 step. March distance: 1 slow turn.
   So they arrive in 1 turn.
   But Valencia is interior, so maybe not necessary. But it's good to have troops there in case we expand and it becomes a border.
   Actually, if we take Teruel, Valencia's border might expand? No, Teruel is neutral. Once we take it, it becomes ours, but Valencia is still interior unless an enemy is near.
   Let's send Castellon's 2 spear to Valencia to have a garrison there.

Let's review the movements:
- Valencia [16] -> Teruel [13]: 3 knights, 2 archers.
- Zaragoza [17] -> Pamplona [19]: 4 spearmen.
- Tarragona [21] -> Zaragoza [17]: 2 spearmen, 1 knight.
- Barcelona [22] -> Tarragona [21]: 1 knight.
- Castellon [18] -> Valencia [16]: 2 spearmen.
- Huesca [20]: keep 2 spearmen (don't send the extra ones, just let the marching ones go).

Wait, the marching ones from Huesca are already marching. We don't need to order them again.
But the report says "already marching out (NOT available): 2 spearmen, 2 archers". So they are on their way.
We can just leave them.

Let's check if we have enough resources for the builds.
Builds:
- Barcelona [22]: 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Barcelona has wood 30, iron 70. OK.
- Tarragona [21]: 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Tarragona has wood 30, iron 30. OK.
- Girona [23]: 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood, 0 iron). Girona has wood 30, iron 20. OK.
- Castellon [18]: 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Castellon has wood 30, iron 40. OK.
- Zaragoza [17]: 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Zaragoza has wood 30, iron 40. OK.
- Huesca [20]: 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood, 0 iron). Huesca has wood 30, iron 20. OK.

Wait, if we send troops from a village, do we need to pay for their march? No, marching doesn't cost resources, only building does.
But we must ensure we don't send troops we don't have.
Let's verify the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" for each village:
- Barcelona: 0 spear, 0 arch, 1 knight. We are sending 1 knight to Tarragona. OK.
- Tarragona: 2 spear, 0 arch, 1 knight. We are sending 2 spear, 1 knight to Zaragoza. OK.
- Girona: 1 spear, 0 arch, 0 knight. We are not sending any. We are building 2 spearmen. But wait, "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 1 spearman". If we build 2 spearmen, they will be ready next turn. We can't send them this turn. So we just build.
- Castellon: 2 spear, 0 arch, 0 knight. We are sending 2 spear to Valencia. OK.
- Zaragoza: 4 spear, 0 arch, 0 knight. We are sending 4 spear to Pamplona. OK.
- Huesca: 2 spear, 0 arch, 0 knight. We are not sending the available ones. The marching ones are already gone. We are building 2 spearmen. OK.
- Valencia: 1 spear, 2 arch, 3 knight. We are sending 3 knights, 2 archers. OK. (Leaves 1 spear).

Wait, if we send 3 knights and 2 archers from Valencia, we are sending 5 troops. We have 6 total (1 spear, 2 arch, 3 knight). So we leave 1 spear. OK.

Let's double check the combat for Valencia -> Teruel.
Teruel has 4 archers. Defense 10.
We send 3 knights, 2 archers.
Most numerous type: knight (3). Defender: archer (4).
Knight counters archer. So attacker gets 1.5x bonus.
Attack values: knight 4, arch 2.
Total attack = 3*4 + 2*2 = 12 + 4 = 16.
With counter bonus: 16 * 1.5 = 24.
Defense: 10.
24 > 10. Attacker wins.
Losses: attacker loses attrition against defender's effective force.
"The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
Loser's effective force is 10. Winner's is 24.
Winner loses some troops. How many? Maybe 10/24 of their force? Or maybe a fixed number?
Usually, it's proportional. If attacker loses 10/24 of 16 attack power, that's about 6.6 attack power. So they might lose 1 knight and 1 archer (4+2=6), or 2 archers (4), etc.
But the exact calculation doesn't matter much for the plan. We will take Teruel.

What about the Huesca army vs Pamplona?
Huesca army: 2 spear, 2 arch.
Most numerous: tie between spear and arch. "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight". So spear is most numerous.
Defender: 4 knights.
Spear counters knight. Attacker has counter.
Attack: 2*1 + 2*2 = 6. With counter: 9.
Defense: 10.
Attacker loses. All 4 troops destroyed.
Defender loses: attrition against loser's effective force (9). Defender's force is 10.
Defender loses 9/10 of their force? They have 4 knights. 4 * (9/10) = 3.6. So they lose 3 or 4 knights.
If they lose 3 knights, 1 knight remains. Defense of 1 knight: 2 defense + location bonus?
"effective defense (location bonus included): 10". This is for the village with 4 knights.
If 1 knight remains, the effective defense would be lower. But the report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 10 (was 8, 4 turns ago)". This is the current defense.
After the fight, the defense will drop.
If they lose 3 knights, they have 1 knight left. The location bonus for a castle/village is x1.25 in a village, x1.5 in a castle. Pamplona is a neutral village. So base defense of 1 knight is 2. With village bonus: 2 * 1.25 = 2.5. Or maybe the 10 includes the 4 knights' defense plus location bonus.
If 4 knights have defense 8 (4*2). Location bonus x1.25 = 10. So effective defense 10.
If 1 knight remains, defense 2. Location bonus x1.25 = 2.5. So effective defense ~3.
Then the second army (4 spear from Zaragoza) arrives in 2 turns.
4 spear vs 1 knight: spear counters knight.
Attack: 4*1 = 4. With counter: 6.
Defense: 2.5 (or 3).
Attacker wins easily. Takes Pamplona.
So the plan works.

But wait, what if the Huesca army wins? We calculated 9 vs 10, so they lose. But what if the counter bonus is applied differently?
"The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
Attacker: 2 spear, 2 arch. Tie -> spear.
Defender: 4 knight.
Matchup: spear vs knight. Spear counters knight. Attacker has counter.
So attacker gets 1.5x. Attack = 6 * 1.5 = 9. Defense = 10. Attacker loses.
Yes.

What if we send the 2 spear from Huesca to Pamplona as well?
They would fight after the first army.
If first army loses and kills 3 knights, Pamplona has 1 knight left.
Second army: 2 spear vs 1 knight.
Attack: 2*1 = 2. With counter: 3.
Defense: 2.5.
Attacker wins? 3 > 2.5. Yes!
So if we send the 2 spear from Huesca, they might take the last knight.
But then we have 0 troops in Huesca. And we used 2 spear that we could have built.
But Huesca is safe. So sending them might be good to ensure Pamplona is emptied.
However, if the first army kills all 4 knights, the second army faces 0 troops and takes it anyway.
If the first army kills only 3, the second army helps.
But we don't know the exact attrition formula.
To be safe, we can send the 2 spear from Huesca to Pamplona.
But wait, "already marching out (NOT available): 2 spearmen, 2 archers". The 2 spear available are separate. If we send them, they march separately.
Let's send them. It's a good use of troops we don't need for defense.
So:
- From Huesca [20] to Pamplona [19]: send 2 spearmen.
March distance: 1 slow turn. They arrive in 1 turn.
So on Turn 6, two battles happen at Pamplona:
1. First send (2 spear, 2 arch) vs 4 knights. Result: attacker loses, defender loses some.
2. Second send (2 spear) vs remaining knights. Attacker wins, takes village.
This guarantees we take Pamplona on Turn 6!
Wait, if the second send wins, they occupy Pamplona. Then the Zaragoza army (4 spear) arrives on Turn 7 and finds Pamplona is already ours. They will just reinforce it.
"Your own armies never fight each other: they pass freely."
"You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements."
So if we take Pamplona on Turn 6 with the Huesca troops, the Zaragoza army will just reinforce it.
But then we used 4 spear from Zaragoza for nothing. We could have sent them somewhere else or built them.
But Zaragoza has 4 spear. If we don't send them, they just sit there. Building more costs resources.
Actually, if we take Pamplona with the Huesca troops, we don't need the Zaragoza troops to take it. We can send Zaragoza troops to Madrid instead?
But Zaragoza has 4 spear. Madrid has 4 archers. Spear vs archer: defender has counter. So 4 spear vs 4 archers is a bad idea.
What if we build knights in Zaragoza instead of sending spear?
We planned to build 1 knight in Zaragoza. But we also have 4 spear available. We can send the 4 spear to Pamplona to ensure we have a garrison there, or we can keep them in Zaragoza.
If we take Pamplona with the Huesca troops, we will have a new village. We need a garrison there. The Huesca troops (2 spear) will be the garrison. But they might be weak.
If we send the 4 spear from Zaragoza, they arrive on Turn 7 and reinforce Pamplona. That's good.
But we could also send them to Madrid if we had a better army. But we don't.
So sending 4 spear to Pamplona is fine.

Let's reconsider the Valencia -> Teruel move.
We send 3 knights, 2 archers. They arrive on Turn 6 and take Teruel.
Then Teruel is ours. We can send reinforcements from Castellon or Zaragoza later.
Castellon has 2 spear. We planned to send them to Valencia. But if we take Teruel, we might want to send them to Teruel instead?
Road from Castellon [18] to Teruel [13]: [18] -> [13]. Direct road!
"Castellon (yours): [13], [16], [21]"
So Castellon connects directly to Teruel.
If we send Castellon's 2 spear to Teruel, they arrive in 1 slow turn (since Teruel is 1 step, but spear is slow). They would reinforce Teruel.
But if we send them to Valencia, they reinforce Valencia.
Which is better? Valencia is our main base in the south. Teruel is a new conquest.
If we take Teruel, it might be under threat if the enemy is near. But we don't know where the enemy is.
The enemy capital is Lisboa [0]. The enemy might be in the west.
So Teruel might be safe for now.
Let's send Castellon's 2 spear to Teruel to hold it.
Then Valencia keeps its 1 spear.

What about Tarragona -> Zaragoza?
We send 2 spear, 1 knight from Tarragona to Zaragoza.
Zaragoza will have 0 troops after sending 4 spear to Pamplona. So reinforcing Zaragoza is good.
Tarragona will have 0 troops after sending. But we build 1 knight there, and Barcelona sends 1 knight to Tarragona. So Tarragona will have 1 knight (from Barcelona) + 1 knight (built) = 2 knights next turn.
Barcelona will have 0 troops after sending 1 knight. But we build 1 knight there. So Barcelona will have 1 knight next turn.
Girona: we build 2 spearmen. It has 1 spear already. So 3 spearmen.
Huesca: we send 2 spear to Pamplona, and build 2 spearmen. So it will have 2 spearmen next turn (plus the marching ones are gone).
Valencia: we send 3 knights, 2 archers. Leaves 1 spear. We don't build there. So 1 spear.
Castellon: we send 2 spear to Teruel. We build 1 knight. So 1 knight next turn.
Zaragoza: we send 4 spear to Pamplona. We build 1 knight. So 1 knight next turn. Plus the 2 spear, 1 knight from Tarragona arriving. So Zaragoza will have 1 knight (built) + 2 spear + 1 knight (from Tarragona) = 3 knights, 2 spear? Wait, the Tarragona army arrives in 1 slow turn. So on Turn 6, Zaragoza has the built knight, and the Tarragona army arrives. So 1 knight + 2 spear + 1 knight = 2 knights, 2 spear.

Let's check the timing.
Turn 5 (current): we give orders.
Turn 6: builds complete, marches arrive.
- Valencia -> Teruel arrives (1 medium turn).
- Huesca -> Pamplona (first send) arrives (1 slow turn).
- Huesca -> Pamplona (second send, 2 spear) arrives (1 slow turn).
- Barcelona -> Tarragona arrives (1 fast turn).
- Tarragona -> Zaragoza arrives (1 slow turn).
- Castellon -> Teruel arrives (1 slow turn).
- Zaragoza -> Pamplona (4 spear) departs, arrives in 2 slow turns (Turn 7).
- Builds: Barcelona knight, Tarragona knight, Girona 2 spear, Castellon knight, Zaragoza knight, Huesca 2 spear.

Wait, if Castellon -> Teruel takes 1 slow turn, they arrive on Turn 6. But the Valencia -> Teruel army also arrives on Turn 6 (1 medium turn).
"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So they will fight separately. The Valencia army (3 knights, 2 archers) fights first (or second). If it wins and takes Teruel, the Castellon army (2 spear) arrives and finds it's already ours. They will join the garrison.
This is fine.

But wait, if the Valencia army takes Teruel on Turn 6, the Castellon army will just reinforce it. Good.

What about the order of fights at Pamplona?
First send (2 spear, 2 arch) from Huesca.
Second send (2 spear) from Huesca.
Third send (4 spear) from Zaragoza arrives on Turn 7.
On Turn 6, the first two sends fight. The first send fights the garrison (4 knights). The second send fights the remaining garrison.
If the first send loses, the second send wins and takes Pamplona.
Then on Turn 7, the Zaragoza army arrives and reinforces.
This is a solid plan.

Let's review the builds again.
Can we build archers anywhere?
We have iron in Barcelona (70), Castellon (40), Zaragoza (40), Girona (20), Huesca (20).
We are building knights at Barcelona, Tarragona, Castellon, Zaragoza.
We are building spearmen at Girona, Huesca.
What about archers? We need archers to counter spearmen, but we have many spearmen. The enemy might have spearmen.
But we don't know the enemy's composition.
We can build archers at Girona or Huesca instead of spearmen?
Girona: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Leaves wood 10, iron 10.
Huesca: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
But spearmen are cheaper (15 wood, 0 iron) and we need them for garrisons.
We have a lot of wood but iron is more scarce.
Actually, each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn.
So iron is produced at every village.
We have 7 villages, so we get 7*20 = 140 iron per turn total.
But each village has its own stock.
Barcelona has 70 iron. It can build 2 knights (60 iron) but only 30 wood, so 1 knight.
Tarragona has 30 iron, 30 wood. 1 knight.
Castellon has 40 iron, 30 wood. 1 knight.
Zaragoza has 40 iron, 30 wood. 1 knight.
Girona has 20 iron, 30 wood. Can build 1 archer (10 iron) or 2 spear (0 iron).
Huesca has 20 iron, 30 wood. Can build 1 archer or 2 spear.
Valencia has 0 iron, 0 wood.

If we build 4 knights, we use 120 iron total. We have enough iron in those villages.
We also need to consider the cap: "when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building". We are far from 300.

Let's think about the "plan" text.
We need to write a campaign plan for the next several turns.
Our plan:
- Turn 5: Attack Teruel with Valencia's knights and archers. Sacrifice Huesca's army to weaken Pamplona, then send spearmen from Huesca and Zaragoza to take it. Build knights at Barcelona, Tarragona, Castellon, Zaragoza; build spearmen at Girona, Huesca. Move troops to reinforce Zaragoza and Tarragona.
- Turn 6: Take Teruel and Pamplona. We will have 9 villages. Move knights from Tarragona/Barcelona towards Madrid. Move troops from Teruel to Toledo or Madrid.
- Turn 7: Attack Madrid with knights (from Tarragona/Barcelona/Castellon). Attack Toledo if neutral.
- Turn 8+: Expand west towards Salamanca, Porto, etc., aiming for the enemy capital Lisboa.

Let's write the plan in English, 2 to 6 lines.

"plan": "We attack Teruel [13] with Valencia's knights and archers, and sacrifice the Huesca army to clear Pamplona [19], followed by spearmen from Huesca and Zaragoza to take it. We build knights at Barcelona, Tarragona, Castellon, and Zaragoza, and spearmen at Girona and Huesca. Next turn we will have 9 villages and will push towards Madrid [12] with our gathered knights, then expand west towards the enemy capital."

Now the "statement" text.
"statement": "This turn we ordered the assault on Teruel with our elite knights, while our forces in Huesca made the ultimate sacrifice to weaken Pamplona's knight garrison. We are building up our knight corps across our core villages to strike at Madrid next. The path to the enemy capital is opening up."

Let's double check the JSON format.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 16, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 3}},
    {"fromId": 20, "toId": 19, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 17, "toId": 19, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 21, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 22, "toId": 21, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 18, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}}
  ],
  "plan": "...",
  "statement": "..."
}

Wait, the Huesca army (2 spear, 2 arch) is already marching. Do I need to include it in movements?
"already marching out (NOT available): 2 spearmen, 2 archers"
The prompt says: "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now. Nothing you order this turn is visible to them before it happens."
And "=== ARMIES ON THE MARCH === YOURS: - 2 spearmen, 2 archers: [20] -> [19], arrives in 1 turn"
So they are already on the march. I don't need to order them again. They will arrive next turn.
But I can order the 2 spear from Huesca to Pamplona. That's a new movement.
So movements include:
- 16 -> 13: 3 knights, 2 archers
- 20 -> 19: 2 spearmen (the available ones)
- 17 -> 19: 4 spearmen
- 21 -> 17: 2 spearmen, 1 knight
- 22 -> 21: 1 knight
- 18 -> 13: 2 spearmen

Wait, Castellon to Teruel: road is [18] -> [13]. Yes.
Is Teruel [13] connected to Castellon [18]? Road network: "[18] Castellon (yours): [13], [16], [21]". Yes.
So Castellon to Teruel is 1 step. March distance: 1 slow turn for spearmen.

Let's check if we have enough troops for all these movements.
- From 16 (Valencia): available 1 spear, 2 arch, 3 knight. We send 0 spear, 2 arch, 3 knight. OK.
- From 20 (Huesca): available 2 spear, 0 arch, 0 knight. We send 2 spear. OK.
- From 17 (Zaragoza): available 4 spear, 0 arch, 0 knight. We send 4 spear. OK.
- From 21 (Tarragona): available 2 spear, 0 arch, 1 knight. We send 2 spear, 1 knight. OK.
- From 22 (Barcelona): available 0 spear, 0 arch, 1 knight. We send 1 knight. OK.
- From 18 (Castellon): available 2 spear, 0 arch, 0 knight. We send 2 spear. OK.

All sends are valid.

Let's check the builds:
- 22 (Barcelona): wood 30, iron 70. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). OK.
- 21 (Tarragona): wood 30, iron 30. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). OK.
- 23 (Girona): wood 30, iron 20. Build 2 spearmen (30 wood, 0 iron). OK.
- 18 (Castellon): wood 30, iron 40. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). OK.
- 17 (Zaragoza): wood 30, iron 40. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). OK.
- 20 (Huesca): wood 30, iron 20. Build 2 spearmen (30 wood, 0 iron). OK.

Wait, if we send 2 spear from Huesca, we are sending the available ones. Then we build 2 spearmen. So Huesca will have 2 spearmen next turn (the built ones). The marching ones (2 spear, 2 arch) are already gone. The 2 spear we send now will arrive in 1 turn. So on Turn 6, Huesca will have the 2 built spearmen, and the 2 sent spearmen will be at Pamplona. This is fine.

What about Valencia? We send 3 knights, 2 archers. It has 1 spear left. We don't build there. So Valencia has 1 spear next turn.
Castellon: we send 2 spear, build 1 knight. So Castellon has 1 knight next turn.
Zaragoza: we send 4 spear, build 1 knight. So Zaragoza has 1 knight next turn. Plus the Tarragona army (2 spear, 1 knight) arriving. So Zaragoza will have 1 knight + 2 spear + 1 knight = 2 knights, 2 spear.
Tarragona: we send 2 spear, 1 knight. Build 1 knight. Barcelona sends 1 knight. So Tarragona has 1 knight (built) + 1 knight (from Barcelona) = 2 knights.
Barcelona: we send 1 knight. Build 1 knight. So Barcelona has 1 knight.
Girona: we build 2 spearmen. It has 1 spear already. So 3 spearmen.

This seems very balanced.

Let's review the combat at Teruel again.
Valencia sends 3 knights, 2 archers.
Teruel has 4 archers. Defense 10.
Attacker most numerous: knight (3). Defender: archer (4).
Knight counters archer. Attacker gets 1.5x.
Attack: 3*4 + 2*2 = 16. 16 * 1.5 = 24.
Defense: 10.
Result: Attacker wins. Teruel is taken.
Losses: Attacker loses some troops. Probably a few archers or knights.
But we have Castellon sending 2 spear to reinforce. They arrive on Turn 6 and join the garrison.
So even if we lose some troops, we will have a garrison.

What about Pamplona?
First send: 2 spear, 2 arch vs 4 knights.
Attack: 2*1 + 2*2 = 6. Counter (spear vs knight): 9.
Defense: 10.
Attacker loses. All 4 troops die.
Defender loses: attrition against 9. Defender has 10 effective force.
Defender loses 9/10 of their force? They have 4 knights. 4 * 0.9 = 3.6. So they lose 3 or 4 knights.
If they lose 4, Pamplona is empty.
Second send: 2 spear vs 0 knights.
Attack: 2*1 = 2. No counter needed.
Defense: 0 (or location bonus only? If 0 troops, defense is just location bonus? "effective defense (location bonus included): 10" was for 4 knights. If 0 troops, defense might be 0 or just the location bonus. But with 0 troops, there is no defense. So attacker wins and takes the village.)
So Pamplona is taken.
Third send (Turn 7): 4 spear from Zaragoza. They arrive and reinforce.

This plan seems solid.

Let's check if there are any other neutral villages we can see.
"VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE (4) - sorted by march distance from your nearest"
We see Teruel, Madrid, Murcia, Pamplona.
We don't see Burgos, Salamanca, etc.
Can we send troops to unexplored villages?
"You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements."
"An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination. You cannot march past an enemy or neutral village to hit one behind it."
So we can only attack villages we can see, or villages that are on the road and we pass through? No, we can't pass through neutral/enemy villages. So we can only attack the first non-owned village on the path.
Since we can see Teruel, Madrid, Murcia, Pamplona, we can attack them.
We cannot attack Burgos [14] because it's unexplored and the path goes through Pamplona [19] or Madrid [12].
So our immediate targets are correct.

Let's write the JSON.
I need to make sure the JSON is valid.
The "plan" and "statement" strings should be in English.
The "build" and "movements" arrays should contain objects with the correct fields.

Let's refine the "plan" text:
"This turn we attack Teruel [13] with Valencia's knights and archers, and sacrifice the Huesca army to clear Pamplona [19], followed by spearmen from Huesca and Zaragoza to take it. We build knights at Barcelona, Tarragona, Castellon, and Zaragoza, and spearmen at Girona and Huesca. Next turn we will have 9 villages and will push towards Madrid [12] with our gathered knights, then expand west towards the enemy capital."

Let's refine the "statement" text:
"This turn we ordered the assault on Teruel with our elite knights, while our forces in Huesca made the ultimate sacrifice to weaken Pamplona's knight garrison. We are building up our knight corps across our core villages to strike at Madrid next. The path to the enemy capital is opening up."

Wait, the prompt says: "Besides your orders, write two short texts. Write them in ENGLISH, every turn, even if your note from last turn is in another language: - 'plan': your CAMPAIGN... - 'statement': 2 to 4 lines telling the audience what you did THIS turn."
So I will write them in English.

Let's double check the village IDs.
YOUR VILLAGES:
22 Barcelona
21 Tarragona
23 Girona
18 Castellon
17 Zaragoza
20 Huesca
16 Valencia

VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE:
13 Teruel
12 Madrid
15 Murcia
19 Pamplona

IDs are correct.

Let's check the troop types in movements.
"troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}
I used "spearman", "archer", "knight". Correct.

Let's check the build types.
"type": <"spearman" | "archer" | "knight">. Correct.

Let's check the quantities.
Builds:
Barcelona: 1 knight
Tarragona: 1 knight
Girona: 2 spearmen
Castellon: 1 knight
Zaragoza: 1 knight
Huesca: 2 spearmen

Movements:
Valencia -> Teruel: 3 knights, 2 archers. (spearman: 0, archer: 2, knight: 3)
Huesca -> Pamplona: 2 spearmen. (spearman: 2, archer: 0, knight: 0)
Zaragoza -> Pamplona: 4 spearmen. (spearman: 4, archer: 0, knight: 0)
Tarragona -> Zaragoza: 2 spearmen, 1 knight. (spearman: 2, archer: 0, knight: 1)
Barcelona -> Tarragona: 1 knight. (spearman: 0, archer: 0, knight: 1)
Castellon -> Teruel: 2 spearmen. (spearman: 2, archer: 0, knight: 0)

All good.

One more thing: the prompt says "Use only ids that appear in the report above. Do not send troops a village does not have. Empty lists are valid orders."
My movements and builds use only the villages I own and the troops they have.
The target villages are either mine or neutral that I can see.
Teruel [13] and Pamplona [19] are neutral, so I can attack them.
Zaragoza [17] and Tarragona [21] and Valencia [16] are mine, so I can reinforce them.

I think the plan is ready.
I will output the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":16,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":3}},{"origemId":20,"destinoId":19,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":17,"destinoId":19,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":21,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":22,"destinoId":21,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":18,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [18]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [20]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [20]
ACEITO envio [16]->[13]: 2A+3K (alvo neutra arqueiro)
ACEITO envio [20]->[19]: 2S (alvo neutra cavaleiro)
ACEITO envio [17]->[19]: 4S (alvo neutra cavaleiro)
ACEITO envio [21]->[17]: 2S+1K
ACEITO envio [22]->[21]: 1K
ACEITO envio [18]->[13]: 2S (alvo neutra arqueiro)
plano (volta no proximo prompt): We attack Teruel [13] with Valencia's knights and archers, and sacrifice the Huesca army to clear Pamplona [19], followed by spearmen from Huesca and Zaragoza to take it. We build knights at Barcelona, Tarragona, Castellon, and Zaragoza, and spearmen at Girona and Huesca. Next turn we will have 9 villages and will push towards Madrid [12] with our gathered knights, then expand west towards the enemy capital.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): This turn we ordered the assault on Teruel with our elite knights, while our forces in Huesca made the ultimate sacrifice to weaken Pamplona's knight garrison. We are building up our knight corps across our core villages to strike at Madrid next. The path to the enemy capital is opening up.
COMBATE [4] Badajoz: atacante A Fatk=16 (ef 24) Fdef=4 (ef 5) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~2
COMBATE [5] Faro: atacante A Fatk=10 (ef 10) Fdef=4 (ef 8) vant=-1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~4
REFORCO [1] Santarem dono A: 2K
COMBATE [16] Valencia: atacante B Fatk=17 (ef 17) Fdef=4 (ef 5) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~3
REFORCO [20] Huesca dono B: 2S
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 2S
REFORCO [21] Tarragona dono B: 2S
placar: A 6 ald/tropas 7 | B 7 ald/tropas 2 | neutras 11 | transito 11 (A 4 | B 7)

########## TURNO 6 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3653 | resposta 10473 | raciocinio 7920 | finish stop | ms 111278
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 3, \"toId\": 6, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 3}},\n    {\"fromId\": 1, \"toId\": 8, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 1, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 0, \"toId\": 1, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 1, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 5, \"toId\": 9, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 1, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 0}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Conquer Porto with 3 knights from Coimbra and Sevilha with the marching army. Reinforce Toledo from Santarem and Santarem from Lisboa to secure our western border. Send Faro's troops to Sevilha for reinforcement. Build knights and archers to grow our army. Next turn, assess the battles and prepare to attack Cordoba or Salamanca.\",\n  \"statement\": \"This turn, we focus on expanding our empire by targeting the neutral villages of Porto and Sevilha. We send our elite knights to assault Porto, while our army from Badajoz is poised to take Sevilha. To protect our newly gained border at Toledo, we march troops from Santarem, supported by reinforcements from our capital Lisboa. We also send Faro's archers to support the Sevilha campaign. Our workshops are busy producing knights and archers to sustain our military might.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A in a turn-based strategy game.
I need to analyze the current state (Turn 6), decide on builds and movements, and output a JSON object with "build", "movements", "plan", and "statement".

Let's check the current state:
- My villages (7):
  - [0] Lisboa: 2 troops at home (1 spearman, 1 knight available to send). Wood 30, Iron 30.
  - [1] Santarem: 2 troops at home (1 spearman, 1 knight available). Wood 30, Iron 20.
  - [2] Evora: 2 troops at home (2 knights available). Wood 30, Iron 20.
  - [3] Coimbra: 7 troops at home (3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight available). Wood 40, Iron 30.
  - [4] Badajoz: 0 troops at home. Wood 30, Iron 20. (4 spearmen, 1 knight marching to [9] Sevilha, arrives in 1 turn).
  - [5] Faro: 3 troops at home (1 spearman, 2 archer available). Wood 30, Iron 20.
  - [8] Toledo: 1 troop at home (1 knight available). Wood 0, Iron 0. (BORDER with [13] enemy).

Total troops at home: 17 (6 spearman, 3 archer, 8 knight) + 5 marching (4 spearmen, 1 knight from Badajoz to Sevilha).
Wait, the prompt says "TOTAL: 17 soldiers at home (6 spearman, 3 archer, 8 knight) + 5 marching".
Let's see what is available to send from each:
- Lisboa [0]: 1 spearman, 1 knight.
- Santarem [1]: 1 spearman, 1 knight.
- Evora [2]: 2 knights.
- Coimbra [3]: 3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knights.
- Badajoz [4]: already marching out (4 spearmen, 1 knight to [9] Sevilha).
- Faro [5]: 1 spearman, 2 archers.
- Toledo [8]: 1 knight.

Let's look at the economy and build capabilities:
Each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn (except Lisboa has 30 wood, 30 iron; Coimbra has 40 wood, 30 iron).
Let's look at the costs:
- spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron.
- archer: 20 wood, 10 iron.
- knight: 30 wood, 30 iron.

Let's calculate resources for each village:
- Lisboa [0]: wood 30, iron 30. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron - no, only has 30 wood, 30 iron, so can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) -> total 35 wood, 10 iron. Or 2 spearmen (30 wood, 0 iron).
Let's look at the exact available resources in the prompt:
- [0] Lisboa: wood 30, iron 30.
- [1] Santarem: wood 30, iron 20.
- [2] Evora: wood 30, iron 20.
- [3] Coimbra: wood 40, iron 30.
- [4] Badajoz: wood 30, iron 20.
- [5] Faro: wood 30, iron 20.
- [8] Toledo: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build anything this turn since wood is 0.

Let's look at the map and strategic situation:
My villages: Lisboa [0], Santarem [1], Evora [2], Coimbra [3], Badajoz [4], Faro [5], Toledo [8].
Enemy villages: Teruel [13] (enemy), Barcelona [22] (enemy capital).
Neutral villages: Porto [6], Salamanca [7], Sevilha [9], Cordoba [11], Madrid [12], Vigo [10], Burgos [14], Zaragoza [17], Valencia [16], Murcia [15], Castellon [18], Pamplona [19], Huesca [20], Tarragona [21], Girona [23].
Wait, is Teruel [13] enemy? Yes, "Teruel | ENEMY (King B)".
We need to hold 18 of 24 villages for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.
Currently we hold 7. We just conquered Toledo [8] last turn ("You attacked [8] Toledo: VICTORY, conquered").
Wait, the enemy attacked Teruel [13] and conquered it? "King B attacked [13] Teruel: VICTORY, conquered". But Teruel is listed as ENEMY (King B). Maybe they conquered it from someone else, or it was already theirs and they defended? Or they conquered it from a neutral? Let's assume it's enemy.

Let's look at the marching troops:
- My army from [4] Badajoz: 4 spearmen, 1 knight marching to [9] Sevilha, arrives in 1 turn.
- Enemy army marching toward [13] Teruel, arrives in 1 turn.

Let's look at the road network and distances:
To attack Porto [6] (neutral, 3 knights, defense 8):
From Coimbra [3]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. (1 turn for knight, 1 for spearman/archer).
To attack Salamanca [7] (neutral, 4 archers, defense 10):
From Coimbra [3]: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast.
From Badajoz [4]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast.
To attack Sevilha [9] (neutral, 4 knights, defense 10):
From Badajoz [4]: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. (My troops are arriving there next turn).
From Faro [5]: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast.
To attack Cordoba [11] (neutral, 4 spearmen, defense 10):
From Toledo [8]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast.
From Sevilha [9]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast.
To attack Madrid [12] (neutral, 4 archers, defense 10):
From Toledo [8]: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast.
From Salamanca [7]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast.

Let's check the enemy village Teruel [13]:
Garrison: 2 archers, 2 knights. Defense 10.
From Toledo [8]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Since Toledo is border with Teruel, we can attack it next turn if we send troops now.
Wait, if we send troops from Toledo [8] to Teruel [13], they will take 1 turn (since Toledo is close).
Wait, Toledo has only 1 knight at home. We can reinforce Toledo or send the knight to attack Teruel, or send troops from other villages to Toledo to defend it, because Toledo is a border village with enemy [13] Teruel.
Is Teruel going to attack Toledo? Or is the enemy army marching toward Teruel? "enemy army marching toward [13] Teruel, arrives in 1 turn". This might mean they are reinforcing Teruel or attacking it? But it says "King B attacked [13] Teruel: VICTORY, conquered" last turn. So Teruel is already King B's. The army marching toward Teruel is probably King B's army moving to Teruel or from Teruel. Since we don't know, we should be careful.

Let's plan our moves.
We want to expand and conquer neutral villages to reach 18 villages.
Currently we have 7. We need 11 more.
Neutrals we can reach:
- Porto [6] (from Coimbra [3])
- Salamanca [7] (from Coimbra [3] or Badajoz [4])
- Sevilha [9] (from Badajoz [4] or Faro [5]) - we already sent troops from Badajoz, arriving next turn. If they win, we conquer Sevilha.
- Cordoba [11] (from Toledo [8] or Sevilha [9])
- Madrid [12] (from Toledo [8] or Salamanca [7])

Let's look at the troops we have and can build:
We need to build troops to reinforce our villages and launch attacks.
Let's see what we can build this turn:
- Lisboa [0]: wood 30, iron 30. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Santarem [1]: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (needs 30 wood, 30 iron - no, only has 20 iron) or 2 spearmen (30 wood, 0 iron). Let's build 1 archer or 2 spearmen. Wait, 1 spearman is 15 wood, 0 iron. 2 spearmen is 30 wood, 0 iron. 1 archer is 20 wood, 10 iron. Let's build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearmen. Archers are useful, but spearmen are cheaper. Let's see. If we build 1 archer, we have 10 wood, 10 iron left. If we build 2 spearmen, we have 0 wood, 20 iron left. Let's build 1 archer.
- Evora [2]: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearmen (30 wood, 0 iron) or 1 knight (needs 30 wood, 30 iron - no). Let's build 1 archer.
- Coimbra [3]: wood 40, iron 30. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron - total 45 wood, no, only 40 wood). Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 spearmen (30 wood, 0 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron - total 50 wood, no). Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and have 10 wood, 0 iron left (can't build spearman). Let's build 1 knight.
- Badajoz [4]: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearmen (30 wood, 0 iron). Let's build 1 archer.
- Faro [5]: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearmen (30 wood, 0 iron). Let's build 1 archer.
- Toledo [8]: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.

Let's check the total build:
- Lisboa [0]: 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron).
- Santarem [1]: 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron).
- Evora [2]: 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron).
- Coimbra [3]: 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron).
- Badajoz [4]: 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron).
- Faro [5]: 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron).
This uses up most of the wood and iron, leaving some for next turns.
Let's see if we should build more spearmen or knights.
Knights are very powerful (attack 4, defense 2, fast). But they cost 30 wood, 30 iron.
Archers cost 20 wood, 10 iron.
Let's build a mix:
- Lisboa [0]: 1 knight.
- Santarem [1]: 1 archer.
- Evora [2]: 1 archer.
- Coimbra [3]: 1 knight.
- Badajoz [4]: 1 archer.
- Faro [5]: 1 archer.
Total built: 2 knights, 4 archers. This is a good mix.

Let's look at movements.
We have troops marching:
- 4 spearmen, 1 knight from [4] Badajoz to [9] Sevilha, arriving next turn.
We need to decide where to send troops from our villages this turn.
Our villages and available troops:
- Lisboa [0]: 1 spearman, 1 knight.
- Santarem [1]: 1 spearman, 1 knight.
- Evora [2]: 2 knights.
- Coimbra [3]: 3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knights.
- Badajoz [4]: 0 (all sent to Sevilha).
- Faro [5]: 1 spearman, 2 archers.
- Toledo [8]: 1 knight.

Where should we send them?
We need to defend our villages and attack neutrals/enemies.
Toledo [8] is a border village with enemy Teruel [13]. It has 1 knight. We should reinforce Toledo or attack Teruel.
If we attack Teruel [13] from Toledo [8] with 1 knight:
Teruel has 2 archers, 2 knights. Defense 10.
1 knight vs 2 archers, 2 knights.
Knight attack 4, defense 2. Archer attack 2, defense 2. Knight attack 4, defense 2.
The enemy has 2 archers, 2 knights. Most numerous type: tie between archer and knight? "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight". So archer is the most numerous type (since tie breaks in favor of archer over knight).
So the enemy's most numerous type is archer.
Our army is 1 knight. Most numerous type is knight.
Matchup: knight vs archer. Knight counters archer! So we get 1.5x multiplier.
Our effective force: 1 knight * 4 attack * 1.5 = 6.
Enemy effective defense: 2 archers * 2 defense + 2 knights * 2 defense = 4 + 4 = 8. Wait, defense is 2 for both. Total defense = 8. Location bonus is already included in "effective defense: 10".
So enemy effective defense is 10.
Our effective attack is 6. We lose (6 < 10).
So 1 knight is not enough to attack Teruel. We need to reinforce Toledo first, or send more troops to attack Teruel.
Can we send troops from Coimbra [3] to Toledo [8]?
Road from Coimbra [3] to Toledo [8]: Coimbra -> Badajoz [4] -> Toledo [8].
Wait, the road network says:
[3] Coimbra: [1], [6], [7]
[4] Badajoz: [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]
[8] Toledo: [4], [11], [12], [13]
So to go from Coimbra to Toledo, we must go through Badajoz.
Distance from Coimbra to Toledo:
From Coimbra to Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
From Badajoz to Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Total: 2 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns.
Wait, the prompt says: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" for Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, Coimbra.
Ah! The prompt says:
- Lisboa to Toledo: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns.
- Santarem to Toledo: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns.
- Evora to Toledo: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns.
- Coimbra to Toledo: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns.
- Badajoz to Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
So we can send troops from Badajoz to Toledo in 1 turn. But Badajoz has 0 troops at home (all sent to Sevilha).
Can we send troops from Santarem [1] to Toledo [8]?
Santarem to Badajoz is 1 turn, Badajoz to Toledo is 1 turn. Total 2 turns.
Can we send troops from Coimbra [3] to Toledo [8]? 3 turns.
Can we send troops from Faro [5] to Toledo [8]? Faro -> Badajoz -> Toledo. Faro to Badajoz is 1 turn, Badajoz to Toledo is 1 turn. Total 2 turns.

What about attacking Porto [6] from Coimbra [3]?
Porto has 3 knights, defense 8.
From Coimbra [3] to Porto [6]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
We have 3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knights in Coimbra.
If we send 3 knights to Porto:
Enemy has 3 knights. Most numerous: knight vs knight. No counter bonus.
Our attack: 3 knights * 4 attack = 12.
Enemy defense: 3 knights * 2 defense = 6. Location bonus included in defense 8.
Our attack 12 > enemy defense 8. We win!
Losses: our effective force is 12, enemy is 8. We take losses proportional to enemy force? "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
If we send 3 knights, we will win but lose some knights.
What if we send 3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knights?
Most numerous: spearman (3) vs knight (3). Spearman counters knight! So we get 1.5x multiplier.
Our effective force:
- 3 spearman: 3 * 1 attack * 1.5 = 4.5
- 1 archer: 1 * 2 attack = 2
- 3 knights: 3 * 4 attack = 12 (but wait, the counter is set by the most numerous type, which is spearman. Does the multiplier apply to the whole army or just the spearmen? "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It says "multiplies your force by 1.5", which usually means the total effective force, or the attack of the counter type? "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup... Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So total force * 1.5.
Let's calculate total attack: 3*1 + 1*2 + 3*4 = 3 + 2 + 12 = 17.
With 1.5 multiplier: 17 * 1.5 = 25.5.
Enemy defense: 8.
We win easily, but we might lose some troops. Since we want to conquer Porto, we should send a strong army but not overkill to save troops for other fronts.
If we send 3 knights: attack 12, defense 8. We win.
If we send 2 knights, 1 archer, 3 spearman: total attack 2*4 + 2 + 3*1 = 13. With spearman counter (spearman is most numerous, 3 vs knight 2, archer 1): spearman counters knight, so 1.5x. Total 13 * 1.5 = 19.5.
Let's just send 3 knights from Coimbra to Porto. Or maybe 2 knights and some spearmen to keep knights for other places.
Wait, Coimbra has 3 knights. We can send 2 knights to Porto, and keep 1 knight in Coimbra.
Let's look at Salamanca [7]:
Garrison: 4 archers, defense 10.
From Coimbra [3]: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
From Badajoz [4]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
If we attack Salamanca from Coimbra:
We can send troops. But Badajoz is closer. However, Badajoz has 0 troops at home.
What about Sevilha [9]? Our troops from Badajoz are arriving next turn. We don't need to send more from Faro unless we want to reinforce.
What about Cordoba [11]?
Garrison: 4 spearmen, defense 10.
From Toledo [8]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Toledo has 1 knight. If we send 1 knight to Cordoba:
Enemy has 4 spearmen. Most numerous: spearman.
Our army: 1 knight. Most numerous: knight.
Knight vs spearman: spearman counters knight? No, "spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer."
So knight does NOT counter spearman. Spearman counters knight. So the enemy has the counter!
Enemy gets 1.5x multiplier to their defense? "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It says "your force", meaning the attacker's force if they have the counter, or the defender's force if they have the counter?
"When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle... Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
Usually, the side with the counter gets the multiplier. If we attack, and we have the counter, our attack is multiplied. If the defender has the counter, is their defense multiplied? "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup... Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It says "your force", which might mean the attacker's force, or the force of the side that has the counter. Let's assume the side with the counter gets the 1.5x multiplier on their effective force (attack for attacker, defense for defender).
If we attack Cordoba (4 spearmen) with 1 knight:
Enemy most numerous: spearman. Our most numerous: knight.
Spearman counters knight. So enemy has the counter.
Enemy defense: 4 spearmen * 2 defense = 8. With location bonus, effective defense is 10.
If enemy gets 1.5x: 10 * 1.5 = 15? Or is the 10 already including the location bonus and we multiply it? "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again."
So enemy defense is 10. If they have the counter, does it become 15?
Our attack: 1 knight * 4 = 4.
Even without counter, 4 < 10. We lose.
So 1 knight cannot take Cordoba. We need more troops.

Let's look at the overall strategy.
We have 7 villages. We need 18.
We should conquer Porto [6], Salamanca [7], Sevilha [9] (already attacking), Cordoba [11], Madrid [12].
If we conquer Porto, Salamanca, Sevilha, Cordoba, Madrid, that's 5 more villages, bringing us to 12.
Then we can expand further into the unexplored territories (Vigo, Burgos, Zaragoza, Valencia, Murcia, Castellon, Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona, Girona).
But we need to secure our borders.
Toledo [8] is a border village with Teruel [13] (enemy). We should reinforce Toledo to defend it, or attack Teruel.
Since Teruel has 2 archers, 2 knights (defense 10), we need a strong army to attack it.
If we send troops from Coimbra to Toledo, they will take 3 turns. That's slow.
Can we send troops from Santarem [1] to Toledo [8]?
Santarem -> Badajoz -> Toledo. 2 turns.
We have 1 spearman, 1 knight in Santarem. We can send them to Toledo. They will arrive in 2 turns.
Can we send troops from Lisboa [0] to Toledo?
Lisboa -> Santarem -> Badajoz -> Toledo. 3 turns.
What about Evora [2] to Toledo?
Evora -> Badajoz -> Toledo. 2 turns. (Evora to Badajoz is 1 turn? Let's check road network: [2] Evora: [0], [5]. [5] Faro: [2], [4], [9]. [4] Badajoz: [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. So Evora -> Faro -> Badajoz -> Toledo. That's 3 turns).
So Santarem is the fastest way to reinforce Toledo from our central territories (2 turns).
But wait, we can also build troops in Toledo if we send resources? No, resources are local. Toledo has 0 wood, 0 iron. It cannot build unless we send resources, which is not possible (resources belong to each village).
So Toledo can only receive troops.
Let's send the 1 knight from Toledo [8] to attack Cordoba [11]? No, 1 knight is too weak.
Let's keep the 1 knight in Toledo to defend it, or send it to reinforce Badajoz? No, Toledo is a village we just conquered. We should defend it.
Wait, if we send the 1 knight from Toledo to Cordoba, Toledo will be empty. But Toledo has effective defense 3. If enemy attacks it, they will conquer it easily.
So we should keep the 1 knight in Toledo, and send reinforcements to Toledo.
Let's send troops from Santarem [1] to Toledo [8]:
Santarem has 1 spearman, 1 knight. Let's send both to Toledo. They will arrive in 2 turns.
Wait, if we send them to Toledo, Santarem will have 0 troops. But Santarem is interior (no enemy border), so it's safe from direct attack.
Let's check if any enemy can reach Santarem.
Road network: Santarem [1] is connected to [0] Lisboa, [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz.
Badajoz is ours, Coimbra is ours, Lisboa is ours. So Santarem is safe.
So we can empty Santarem to reinforce Toledo.
Let's send 1 spearman, 1 knight from Santarem [1] to Toledo [8].

What about Coimbra [3]?
We have 3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knights.
We want to attack Porto [6] (neutral, 3 knights, defense 8).
Let's send 3 knights from Coimbra to Porto. They will arrive in 1 turn.
Wait, if we send 3 knights, Coimbra will have 3 spearman, 1 archer left.
Is Coimbra safe? Coimbra is connected to Santarem [1], Porto [6], Salamanca [7].
Porto is neutral, Salamanca is neutral. So no enemy can directly attack Coimbra unless they conquer Porto or Salamanca first. So Coimbra is safe for now.
Let's send 3 knights to Porto.
Wait, can we send 2 knights and 1 spearman to Porto?
If we send 2 knights, 1 spearman:
Most numerous: spearman (1) vs knight (2)? No, tie breaker: spearman, archer, knight. So spearman is most numerous.
Spearman counters knight. So we get 1.5x multiplier.
Total attack: 2*4 + 1*1 = 9. With 1.5x: 13.5.
Enemy defense: 8.
We win with fewer knights, saving 1 knight for other purposes.
But we have 3 knights in Coimbra. Sending 3 knights is simpler and ensures we have enough attack power if Porto gets reinforcements? Neutral villages harden every 5 turns. Porto was 5 turns ago (defense 5, now 8). It won't harden next turn (only every 5 turns). So defense will remain 8.
Let's send 3 knights to Porto to be safe and quick.

What about Faro [5]?
We have 1 spearman, 2 archers.
We have troops from Badajoz [4] (4 spearmen, 1 knight) arriving at Sevilha [9] next turn.
If they win, Sevilha becomes ours.
Should we send troops from Faro to Sevilha to reinforce?
Faro to Sevilha: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
If we send 1 spearman, 2 archers from Faro to Sevilha, they will take 2 turns. By then, the battle at Sevilha might already be over (our troops from Badajoz arrive in 1 turn, fight, and win). So sending them to Sevilha now would mean they arrive after the battle, which is fine for reinforcement, but maybe we should send them to somewhere else or keep them in Faro.
Actually, Sevilha will be ours, so we can send troops to Sevilha to join the garrison.
Let's send 1 spearman, 2 archers from Faro [5] to Sevilha [9] to reinforce it. They will take 2 turns.

What about Lisboa [0]?
We have 1 spearman, 1 knight.
Lisboa is our capital, very safe.
We can send troops to Santarem [1] to reinforce it, or keep them.
Let's send 1 spearman, 1 knight from Lisboa [0] to Santarem [1]. They will take 1 turn.
This builds up Santarem as a staging ground for Toledo.

Let's review the movements:
1. Coimbra [3] -> Porto [6]: 3 knights. (Arrives in 1 turn, attacks Porto).
2. Santarem [1] -> Toledo [8]: 1 spearman, 1 knight. (Arrives in 2 turns, reinforces Toledo).
3. Faro [5] -> Sevilha [9]: 1 spearman, 2 archers. (Arrives in 2 turns, reinforces Sevilha).
4. Lisboa [0] -> Santarem [1]: 1 spearman, 1 knight. (Arrives in 1 turn, reinforces Santarem).
5. Toledo [8]: keep 1 knight at home to defend.

Let's check if we can attack Salamanca [7] or Madrid [12] or Cordoba [11] this turn.
Salamanca [7] is neutral, 4 archers, defense 10.
From Coimbra [3]: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
If we send troops from Coimbra, they will take 2 turns. But we are sending all 3 knights to Porto. We have 3 spearman, 1 archer left in Coimbra.
Can we send 3 spearman, 1 archer to Salamanca?
Enemy: 4 archers. Most numerous: archer vs spearman. Archer counters spearman! So enemy has the counter.
Our attack: 3 spearman * 1 + 1 archer * 2 = 5.
Enemy defense: 4 archers * 2 = 8. With location bonus, 10. If enemy has counter, maybe 15.
We lose (5 < 10). So we cannot attack Salamanca with just spearman and archer. We need knights or archers to counter their archers (knight counters archer).
So we should not attack Salamanca now.

What about Cordoba [11]?
Neutral, 4 spearmen, defense 10.
From Toledo [8]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Toledo has 1 knight. We cannot attack with just 1 knight.
What about from Sevilha [9]? We don't own Sevilha yet.
So we cannot attack Cordoba this turn.

What about Madrid [12]?
Neutral, 4 archers, defense 10.
From Toledo [8]: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Toledo has 1 knight. Too weak.

So our main attacks this turn are:
- Porto [6] from Coimbra [3] (3 knights).
And we reinforce our borders and newly conquered/soon-to-be-conquered villages:
- Santarem [1] -> Toledo [8] (1 spearman, 1 knight)
- Lisboa [0] -> Santarem [1] (1 spearman, 1 knight)
- Faro [5] -> Sevilha [9] (1 spearman, 2 archers)

Let's double check the troop counts and availability:
- Coimbra [3]: 3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight.
We send 3 knights to Porto. Remaining: 3 spearman, 1 archer. Correct.
- Santarem [1]: 1 spearman, 1 knight.
We send 1 spearman, 1 knight to Toledo. Remaining: 0. Correct.
- Lisboa [0]: 1 spearman, 1 knight.
We send 1 spearman, 1 knight to Santarem. Remaining: 0. Correct.
- Faro [5]: 1 spearman, 2 archers.
We send 1 spearman, 2 archers to Sevilha. Remaining: 0. Correct.
- Toledo [8]: 1 knight. We keep it at home. Remaining: 1 knight. Correct.
- Badajoz [4]: 0 at home (4 spearmen, 1 knight marching to Sevilha). Correct.
- Evora [2]: 2 knights. We keep them at home for now. Remaining: 2 knights. Correct.

Let's check the builds:
- Lisboa [0]: wood 30, iron 30. Build 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: 0 wood, 0 iron.
- Santarem [1]: wood 30, iron 20. Build 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron). Remaining: 10 wood, 10 iron.
- Evora [2]: wood 30, iron 20. Build 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron). Remaining: 10 wood, 10 iron.
- Coimbra [3]: wood 40, iron 30. Build 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: 10 wood, 0 iron.
- Badajoz [4]: wood 30, iron 20. Build 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron). Remaining: 10 wood, 10 iron.
- Faro [5]: wood 30, iron 20. Build 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron). Remaining: 10 wood, 10 iron.
- Toledo [8]: wood 0, iron 0. Build nothing.

Let's check if we can build more.
In Santarem, we have 10 wood, 10 iron left. Can we build a spearman? Spearman costs 15 wood, 0 iron. We only have 10 wood. So no.
In Evora, 10 wood, 10 iron left. No spearman.
In Coimbra, 10 wood, 0 iron left. No spearman.
In Badajoz, 10 wood, 10 iron left. No spearman.
In Faro, 10 wood, 10 iron left. No spearman.
So the builds are optimal for this turn.

Let's think about the plan and statement.
Plan:
We are focusing on expanding our territory by conquering neutral villages.
This turn, we are sending 3 knights from Coimbra to attack Porto, which has a garrison of 3 knights. We expect to win and conquer Porto, bringing our total villages to 8.
We are also reinforcing our newly conquered border village Toledo with troops from Santarem, and reinforcing Santarem with troops from Lisboa to maintain a strong defensive line.
Additionally, we are sending troops from Faro to Sevilha to join the army marching from Badajoz, which is expected to conquer Sevilha next turn.
We are building a mix of knights and archers in our interior villages to grow our army for future campaigns.
Next turn, we will assess the outcomes of the battles at Porto and Sevilha, and plan the next steps of our expansion towards Salamanca, Cordoba, and Madrid.

Let's write the plan in English, 2 to 4 lines, concise and useful.
"Plan: Conquer Porto with 3 knights from Coimbra and Sevilha with the marching army. Reinforce Toledo from Santarem and Santarem from Lisboa to secure our western border. Send Faro's troops to Sevilha for reinforcement. Build knights and archers to grow our army. Next turn, assess the battles and prepare to attack Cordoba or Salamanca."

Statement:
"Statement: This turn, we focus on expanding our empire by targeting the neutral villages of Porto and Sevilha. We send our elite knights to assault Porto, while our army from Badajoz is poised to take Sevilha. To protect our newly gained border at Toledo, we march troops from Santarem, supported by reinforcements from our capital Lisboa. We also send Faro's archers to support the Sevilha campaign. Our workshops are busy producing knights and archers to sustain our military might."

Let's double check the JSON format.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 3, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 4, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 5, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 3, "toId": 6, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 3}},
    {"fromId": 1, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 0, "toId": 1, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 5, "toId": 9, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 2, "knight": 0}}
  ],
  "plan": "Conquer Porto with 3 knights from Coimbra and Sevilha with the marching army. Reinforce Toledo from Santarem and Santarem from Lisboa to secure our western border. Send Faro's troops to Sevilha for reinforcement. Build knights and archers to grow our army. Next turn, assess the battles and prepare to attack Cordoba or Salamanca.",
  "statement": "This turn, we focus on expanding our empire by targeting the neutral villages of Porto and Sevilha. We send our elite knights to assault Porto, while our army from Badajoz is poised to take Sevilha. To protect our newly gained border at Toledo, we march troops from Santarem, supported by reinforcements from our capital Lisboa. We also send Faro's archers to support the Sevilha campaign. Our workshops are busy producing knights and archers to sustain our military might."
}

Let's verify the village IDs and troop counts.
- Coimbra is [3]. Porto is [6]. Movement: 3 knights. Correct.
- Santarem is [1]. Toledo is [8]. Movement: 1 spearman, 1 knight. Correct.
- Lisboa is [0]. Santarem is [1]. Movement: 1 spearman, 1 knight. Correct.
- Faro is [5]. Sevilha is [9]. Movement: 1 spearman, 2 archers. Correct.

Let's check if there are any constraints I missed.
"Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."
Lisboa has 30 wood, 30 iron. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Yes, it can pay.
Santarem has 30 wood, 20 iron. Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. Yes.
Evora has 30 wood, 20 iron. Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. Yes.
Coimbra has 40 wood, 30 iron. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Yes.
Badajoz has 30 wood, 20 iron. Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. Yes.
Faro has 30 wood, 20 iron. Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. Yes.

"Cap per village: when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building". None of our villages are near 300.

"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
Our movements are to different targets (Porto, Toledo, Santarem, Sevilha). So no conflict.

"An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination."
- Coimbra to Porto: Porto is neutral. The path is Coimbra -> Porto. Porto is the first non-owned village, so they fight there. Correct.
- Santarem to Toledo: Santarem -> Badajoz -> Toledo. Badajoz is ours, Toledo is ours. So they march through Badajoz and arrive at Toledo. Correct.
- Lisboa to Santarem: Lisboa -> Santarem. Santarem is ours. They arrive and join garrison. Correct.
- Faro to Sevilha: Faro -> Badajoz -> Sevilha? Let's check road network:
[5] Faro: [2], [4], [9]. So Faro is directly connected to [9] Sevilha!
Wait, the road network says:
[5] Faro (yours): [2], [4], [9]
[9] Sevilha (neutral): [4], [5], [11]
So Faro is directly connected to Sevilha.
Path: Faro -> Sevilha. Sevilha is neutral. So they fight there. Correct.

Let's check the march times:
- Coimbra to Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. We send 3 knights (fast). So 1 turn. Correct.
- Santarem to Toledo: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. We send 1 spearman (slow), 1 knight (fast). Mixed army marches at the speed of its slowest troop, so 2 slow turns. Correct.
- Lisboa to Santarem: Lisboa -> Santarem. Road network: [0] Lisboa: [1], [2]. So Lisboa is directly connected to Santarem [1].
Wait, the prompt says: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" for Lisboa.
But Lisboa to Santarem is just 1 step. Let's assume 1 turn.
- Faro to Sevilha: Faro -> Sevilha. 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. We send 1 spearman (slow), 2 archers (medium). Slowest is spearman, so 2 slow turns. Correct.

Everything seems consistent and well-thought-out.
I will output the JSON as requested.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":3,"destinoId":6,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":3}},{"origemId":1,"destinoId":8,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":0,"destinoId":1,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":5,"destinoId":9,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":0}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [3]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [4]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO envio [3]->[6]: 3K (alvo neutra cavaleiro)
ACEITO envio [1]->[8]: 1S+1K
ACEITO envio [0]->[1]: 1S+1K
ACEITO envio [5]->[9]: 1S+2A (alvo neutra cavaleiro)
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Conquer Porto with 3 knights from Coimbra and Sevilha with the marching army. Reinforce Toledo from Santarem and Santarem from Lisboa to secure our western border. Send Faro's troops to Sevilha for reinforcement. Build knights and archers to grow our army. Next turn, assess the battles and prepare to attack Cordoba or Salamanca.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): This turn, we focus on expanding our empire by targeting the neutral villages of Porto and Sevilha. We send our elite knights to assault Porto, while our army from Badajoz is poised to take Sevilha. To protect our newly gained border at Toledo, we march troops from Santarem, supported by reinforcements from our capital Lisboa. We also send Faro's archers to support the Sevilha campaign. Our workshops are busy producing knights and archers to sustain our military might.
########## TURNO 6 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3723 | resposta 13215 | raciocinio 9678 | finish stop | ms 141382
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 17, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 13, \"toId\": 8, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 20, \"toId\": 19, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 23, \"toId\": 20, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 3, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 16, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 1, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 22, \"toId\": 21, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 21, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 18, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"We have conquered Teruel and are about to conquer Pamplona with the marching spearmen. This turn, we launch a double strike: Zaragoza's knights take Madrid, and Teruel's knights take Toledo. We also send spearmen to reinforce Pamplona and the northern route, and move coastal knights towards Zaragoza to build up the central strike force. We build knights and spearmen across our villages to replace losses and grow our army. Next turn, we will have 11 villages and will push west from Madrid and Toledo towards Salamanca and Badajoz, aiming to encircle the enemy capital.\",\n  \"statement\": \"Victory is within our grasp! The spearmen have cleared Pamplona, and now our knights strike Madrid and Toledo simultaneously. We are building at full capacity, replacing our marching troops and preparing for the push into the enemy heartland. The net of villages is closing around King A's territory!\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B and provide a valid JSON response with my orders for this turn, including a plan and a statement.

Let's analyze the current state:
Turn 6.
My villages: Barcelona [22], Tarragona [21], Girona [23], Castellon [18], Zaragoza [17], Huesca [20], Valencia [16], Teruel [13]. Total 8 villages.
Total troops at home: 18 soldiers (8 spearman, 2 archer, 8 knight) + 8 marching.
Wait, let's look at the available troops to send:
- Barcelona [22]: 1 knight (attack power 4)
- Tarragona [21]: 2 knight (attack power 8)
- Girona [23]: 3 spearman (attack power 3)
- Castellon [18]: 1 knight (attack power 4). Already marching out: 2 spearmen to [13] Teruel, arrives in 1 turn.
- Zaragoza [17]: 2 spearman, 2 knight (attack power 10). Already marching out: 4 spearmen to [19] Pamplona, arrives in 1 turn.
- Huesca [20]: 2 spearman (attack power 2). Already marching out: 2 spearmen to [19] Pamplona, arrives in 1 turn.
- Valencia [16]: 1 spearman (attack power 1)
- Teruel [13]: 2 archer, 2 knight (attack power 12)

Let's look at the armies on the march:
- 2 spearmen from [20] Huesca to [19] Pamplona, arrives in 1 turn.
- 4 spearmen from [17] Zaragoza to [19] Pamplona, arrives in 1 turn.
- 2 spearmen from [18] Castellon to [13] Teruel, arrives in 1 turn.

Wait, the plan says: "We attack Teruel [13] with Valencia's knights and archers, and sacrifice the Huesca army to clear Pamplona [19], followed by spearmen from Huesca and Zaragoza to take it. We build knights at Barcelona, Tarragona, Castellon, and Zaragoza, and spearmen at Girona and Huesca. Next turn we will have 9 villages and will push towards Madrid [12] with our gathered knights, then expand west towards the enemy capital."

Let's see what happened last turn:
- King A attacked [8] Toledo: VICTORY, conquered (Toledo is now enemy, but was it neutral? It says ENEMY (King A) garrison: 1 knight, effective defense 3).
- You attacked [19] Pamplona: DEFEAT (your army was lost) - wait, which army? Maybe the one already marching?
- You attacked [13] Teruel: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 1 troop). So Teruel [13] is now mine!
- Reinforcements arrived.

Current map state:
We have 8 villages. We need 18 of 24 to win (75% for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village).
Enemy has Toledo [8], and likely Lisboa [0], Santarem [1], Evora [2], Coimbra [3], Badajoz [4], Porto [6], Vigo [10], Salamanca [7], Cordoba [11], Sevilha [9], Faro [5]. (Total 12 enemy/neutral villages, but some are neutral).
Neutral villages: Madrid [12], Murcia [15], Pamplona [19]. (Wait, is Pamplona neutral? Yes, "NEUTRAL | garrison: 2 knights | effective defense 5").
Wait, Madrid [12] has 4 archers, defense 10.
Murcia [15] has 4 knights, defense 10.
Pamplona [19] has 2 knights, defense 5.

Let's look at the march distances:
From Teruel [13] to Toledo [8] (enemy): 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
From Zaragoza [17] to Madrid [12] (neutral): 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
From Valencia [16] to Murcia [15] (neutral): 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

Let's look at the troops we have and can build.
Resources:
- Barcelona [22]: wood 30, iron 60. Can build knights (30 wood, 30 iron). Can build 1 knight (leaves 30 wood, 30 iron). Or archers (20 wood, 10 iron) -> can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron - wait, wood is 30, so only 1 archer). Wait, wood is 30, iron is 60.
Let's check costs:
spearman: 15 wood + 0 iron.
archer: 20 wood + 10 iron.
knight: 30 wood + 30 iron.

Let's calculate maximum builds per village based on current resources:
- Barcelona [22]: wood 30, iron 60.
Can build:
- 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> leaves 0 wood, 30 iron.
- 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> leaves 10 wood, 50 iron.
- 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron) -> leaves 0 wood, 60 iron.
- 1 spearman (15 wood) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 35 wood (not enough).
So we can build 1 knight, or 2 spearman, or 1 archer.
Wait, let's look at the plan: "We build knights at Barcelona, Tarragona, Castellon, and Zaragoza, and spearmen at Girona and Huesca."
Let's see current resources:
- Tarragona [21]: wood 30, iron 20.
Can build: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron - not enough iron!). Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearman (30 wood).
- Girona [23]: wood 30, iron 40.
Can build: 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
- Castellon [18]: wood 30, iron 30.
Can build: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
- Zaragoza [17]: wood 30, iron 30.
Can build: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
- Huesca [20]: wood 30, iron 40.
Can build: 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Valencia [16]: wood 30, iron 20.
Can build: 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
- Teruel [13]: wood 0, iron 0. (Wait, it says wood 0 (+30/turn) | iron 0 (+20/turn) because it was just conquered? Yes, conquered villages start with 0 resources but produce 30 wood and 20 iron next turn, or maybe they produce this turn? "Each village you hold produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn." Since we just conquered it, does it produce this turn? Usually yes, but the stock is 0 now, so we can't build from it this turn unless it produces first. The text says "wood 0 (+30/turn) | iron 0 (+20/turn)", so stock is 0, meaning we can't build from it this turn).

Let's check the troops marching:
- 2 spearmen from Huesca [20] to Pamplona [19], arriving in 1 turn.
- 4 spearmen from Zaragoza [17] to Pamplona [19], arriving in 1 turn.
Total 6 spearmen arriving at Pamplona [19] next turn.
Pamplona has 2 knights, defense 5. 6 spearmen vs 2 knights.
Wait! Spearman count is 6, knight count is 2. The most numerous type is spearman (6 vs 2). So the counter matchup is spearman vs knight? Spearman counters knight! So we get a 1.5x multiplier!
Let's calculate the battle:
Attackers: 6 spearman. Attack power = 6 * 1 = 6. With counter bonus (spearman counters knight): 6 * 1.5 = 9.
Defenders: 2 knights. Defense power = 2 * 2 = 4. Location bonus for village: defense counts x1.25. So effective defense = 4 * 1.25 = 5. (The report says effective defense: 5, which already includes the bonus).
So attacker effective force = 9, defender effective force = 5.
Attacker wins! Losses: attacker takes losses against defender's effective force (5). But since we win, we take some losses. Usually, losses are proportional.
Wait, let's see if we should attack Pamplona [19] or Madrid [12] or Murcia [15] or Toledo [8].
Let's look at Madrid [12]: 4 archers, defense 10.
If we send our knights from Tarragona [21] (2 knight), Barcelona [22] (1 knight), Castellon [18] (1 knight), Zaragoza [17] (2 knight) - total 6 knights.
6 knights vs 4 archers.
Knight count = 6, archer count = 4. Most numerous is knight. Knight vs archer: knight counters archer! So 1.5x multiplier.
Attacker power: 6 knights * 4 attack = 24. With counter: 24 * 1.5 = 36.
Defender: 4 archers * 2 defense = 8. Village bonus x1.25 -> effective defense 10 (as listed).
36 vs 10: massive win.
But wait! March distance to Madrid [12]:
From Zaragoza [17]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So knights from Zaragoza take 1 fast turn.
From Tarragona [21]: to Madrid [12]? Let's check the road network.
Road network:
[12] Madrid: [7], [8], [14], [17].
So Madrid is connected to [17] Zaragoza, [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos, [7] Salamanca.
It is NOT connected to Tarragona [21] or Barcelona [22] directly!
To go from Tarragona [21] to Madrid [12], we have to go through Zaragoza [17] or another village.
Roads from Tarragona [21]: [17], [18], [22].
So to go to Madrid [12], we must go [21] -> [17] -> [12].
March from [21] to [17]: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns (from report: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns", but [17] is also nearby. Let's look at the report: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" for Tarragona. Wait, the distance to [17] Zaragoza might be shorter or same).
Actually, the report says: "march from [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Madrid [12].
So if we send troops from Tarragona [21], they have to go to Zaragoza [17] first, then to Madrid [12]. That takes too long! We can only send troops that are already close, or we send them to a village we own to reinforce, then next turn they march.
Wait, can we send troops from Zaragoza [17] to Madrid [12]? Yes, 1 fast turn.
Can we send troops from Valencia [16] to Murcia [15]? Yes, 1 fast turn.
Can we send troops from Teruel [13] to Toledo [8]? Yes, 1 fast turn.

Let's look at the enemy capital [0] Lisboa. It's connected to [1] Santarem and [2] Evora.
We don't see it yet, but we know it's there.

Let's review the plan:
"We attack Teruel [13] with Valencia's knights and archers, and sacrifice the Huesca army to clear Pamplona [19], followed by spearmen from Huesca and Zaragoza to take it. We build knights at Barcelona, Tarragona, Castellon, and Zaragoza, and spearmen at Girona and Huesca. Next turn we will have 9 villages and will push towards Madrid [12] with our gathered knights, then expand west towards the enemy capital."

Wait, last turn we attacked Teruel [13] and conquered it. We also attacked Pamplona [19] and were defeated? "You attacked [19] Pamplona: DEFEAT (your army was lost)". Which army was that? Maybe the one from Huesca or Zaragoza that was already marching?
The report says:
"ARMIES ON THE MARCH
YOURS:
- 2 spearmen: [20] -> [19], arrives in 1 turn
- 4 spearmen: [17] -> [19], arrives in 1 turn
- 2 spearmen: [18] -> [13], arrives in 1 turn"
These are the armies currently marching. They were sent last turn.
So this turn, they will arrive at their destinations.
Wait, if they arrive at [19] Pamplona, they will fight the garrison there (2 knights).
But wait! If they arrive this turn, do we get the result this turn or next turn?
"Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now. Nothing you order this turn is visible to them before it happens."
The armies on the march arrive in 1 turn, which means at the end of this turn (or during this turn's resolution).
So we don't need to order them again; they are already on their way.
We need to decide what to build and what new movements to order.

Let's look at the available troops to send NOW:
- Barcelona [22]: 1 knight. Can send to Tarragona [21] or Girona [23] or Castellon [18] or Zaragoza [17] etc. (all ours). Or we can send them to a border/neutral/enemy village. But Barcelona is interior. To reach Madrid, it has to go through Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> Madrid, or Girona -> Huesca -> Zaragoza -> Madrid, etc. That's too many turns.
- Tarragona [21]: 2 knight. Can send to Zaragoza [17] (2 fast turns to Madrid? No, Tarragona to Zaragoza is some turns, then Zaragoza to Madrid is 1 fast turn).
- Girona [23]: 3 spearman. Can send to Huesca [20] or Barcelona [22].
- Castellon [18]: 1 knight. Can send to Teruel [13] (1 fast turn) or Valencia [16] or Tarragona [21].
- Zaragoza [17]: 2 spearman, 2 knight. Can send to Madrid [12] (1 fast turn), Pamplona [19] (2 fast turns? Report says: "march from [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Pamplona [19]), Teruel [13] (1 fast turn).
- Huesca [20]: 2 spearman. Can send to Pamplona [19] or Zaragoza [17] or Girona [23].
- Valencia [16]: 1 spearman. Can send to Teruel [13] or Murcia [15] (1 fast turn) or Castellon [18].
- Teruel [13]: 2 archer, 2 knight. Can send to Toledo [8] (1 fast turn), Valencia [16], Zaragoza [17], Castellon [18].

Let's think about the immediate threats and opportunities.
Toledo [8] is enemy, garrison: 1 knight, defense 3. It is very weak!
If we send the 2 archer and 2 knight from Teruel [13] to Toledo [8]:
Troops: 2 archer, 2 knight.
Most numerous: tie between archer and knight (2 each). Ties break in the order spearman, archer, knight. So archer sets the counter matchup!
Archer vs knight: knight counters archer! So the defender (if they have knights) or the attacker sets the counter. Wait, the rule says:
"Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counts spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5.
The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
So for the attacker (2 archer, 2 knight): most numerous tie, breaks in order spearman, archer, knight -> archer is the most numerous type (since archer comes before knight in the tie-breaker).
So attacker's counter matchup is set by archer. Archer counters spearman. But the defender has 1 knight. So attacker does NOT have the counter against the defender's knight. (Knight counters archer, so defender has the counter!).
Wait, let's look at the defender: Toledo [8] has 1 knight. Most numerous is knight.
Attacker has archer as most numerous (due to tie-break). Archer vs knight: knight counters archer. So defender has the counter!
Let's calculate the force:
Attacker:
2 archer: attack 2 each -> 4.
2 knight: attack 4 each -> 8.
Total attack = 12.
No counter bonus for attacker (archer does not counter knight).
Defender:
1 knight: defense 2.
Location bonus: village defense x1.25. Effective defense is listed as 3 (which is 2 * 1.25 = 2.5, rounded to 3).
So defender effective force = 3.
Attacker force = 12. Defender force = 3.
Attacker wins easily, but takes losses.
Is it worth sending 2 archer and 2 knight to Toledo?
Toledo is an enemy village. If we conquer it, we get a village! That's 9 villages.
But wait, we already have 8. We need 18 to win. Conquering Toledo gets us to 9.
But is Toledo the best target?
What about Madrid [12]? It's neutral, 4 archers, defense 10.
If we send Zaragoza's 2 knight and 2 spearman to Madrid:
Troops: 2 spearman, 2 knight.
Most numerous tie: spearman vs knight -> spearman wins tie-breaker.
So spearman sets the counter matchup. Spearman counters knight!
Defender has 4 archers. Spearman vs archer: archer counters spearman. So defender has the counter!
Attacker force:
2 spearman: attack 1 each -> 2.
2 knight: attack 4 each -> 8.
Total attack = 10.
No counter bonus (spearman does not counter archer).
Defender:
4 archers: defense 2 each -> 8.
Village bonus x1.25 -> effective defense 10 (as listed).
So 10 vs 10. Tie favors the defender! So we would lose!
So sending 2 spearman and 2 knight to Madrid is a bad idea because of the tie.
What if we send only knights? Zaragoza has 2 knight. If we send 2 knight to Madrid:
Attacker: 2 knight. Most numerous: knight. Knight counters archer! So attacker has the counter!
Attacker force: 2 knight * 4 attack = 8. With counter: 8 * 1.5 = 12.
Defender: 4 archers, effective defense 10.
12 vs 10: attacker wins!
So sending 2 knights from Zaragoza to Madrid is a win!
Can we send more knights to Madrid?
Castellon [18] has 1 knight. Can we send it to Zaragoza [17] to reinforce, then next turn to Madrid? Or send it directly to Madrid?
Road from Castellon [18] to Madrid [12]:
Castellon [18] is connected to [13] Teruel, [16] Valencia, [21] Tarragona.
To go to Madrid [12], we must go [18] -> [13] Teruel -> [17] Zaragoza -> [12] Madrid, or [18] -> [16] Valencia -> ... no direct road to Madrid except through Zaragoza or Teruel.
So Castellon's knight would take several turns to reach Madrid.
But we can send Castellon's knight to Teruel [13] (1 fast turn), and Teruel has 2 knight and 2 archer. Next turn, we can send a larger force from Teruel or Zaragoza.
Wait, what about Valencia [16] to Murcia [15]?
Murcia [15] has 4 knights, defense 10.
If we send Valencia's 1 spearman: 1 spearman vs 4 knights. Spearman counters knight! So 1.5x multiplier.
1 spearman attack = 1. With counter: 1.5.
Defender: 4 knights * 2 defense = 8. Village bonus x1.25 -> effective defense 10.
1.5 vs 10: massive loss. So don't send just 1 spearman.
What if we send more troops to Murcia? We don't have many near Valencia except Valencia's 1 spearman and Castellon's 1 knight (which can go to Valencia or Teruel).
So Murcia is too strong for now.

What about Pamplona [19]?
We have 6 spearmen marching there (2 from Huesca, 4 from Zaragoza). They will arrive this turn and fight.
Wait, if they arrive this turn, they fight the 2 knights.
As calculated before: 6 spearman vs 2 knights.
Spearman count = 6, knight count = 2. Spearman counters knight -> 1.5x multiplier.
Attacker force: 6 * 1 = 6. With counter: 9.
Defender: 2 knights * 2 defense = 4. Village bonus x1.25 -> effective defense 5.
9 vs 5: attacker wins!
So the 6 spearmen will conquer Pamplona [19] this turn!
That will give us our 9th village (Pamplona [19]).
Wait, if Pamplona is conquered, it becomes ours. Then we can use it to march towards Burgos [14] or Zaragoza [17].
Pamplona [19] is connected to [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza, [20] Huesca.
This is great!

Let's look at the build orders.
We want to build troops for the next moves.
Our plan says: "We build knights at Barcelona, Tarragona, Castellon, and Zaragoza, and spearmen at Girona and Huesca."
Let's check resources and see what we can actually build:
- Barcelona [22]: wood 30, iron 60.
Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Tarragona [21]: wood 30, iron 20.
Cannot build knight (needs 30 iron). Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearman (30 wood).
Let's build 2 spearman at Tarragona. Or 1 archer. Spearman are useful for counter, and cost 0 iron. Let's build 2 spearman.
- Girona [23]: wood 30, iron 40.
Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
Plan says "spearmen at Girona". Let's build 2 spearman.
- Castellon [18]: wood 30, iron 30.
Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Plan says "knights at Castellon". Let's build 1 knight.
- Zaragoza [17]: wood 30, iron 30.
Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Plan says "knights at Zaragoza". Let's build 1 knight.
- Huesca [20]: wood 30, iron 40.
Can build 2 spearman (30 wood). Plan says "spearmen at Huesca". Let's build 2 spearman.
- Valencia [16]: wood 30, iron 20.
Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Let's build 2 spearman to have more infantry.
- Teruel [13]: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build anything this turn.

Let's double check if we can build knights at Barcelona, Castellon, Zaragoza.
Barcelona: wood 30, iron 60 -> 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Yes.
Castellon: wood 30, iron 30 -> 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Yes.
Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 30 -> 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Yes.
Tarragona: wood 30, iron 20 -> cannot build knight (needs 30 iron). So build 2 spearman.
Girona: wood 30, iron 40 -> can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 spearman. Plan says spearmen, let's build 2 spearman.
Huesca: wood 30, iron 40 -> can build 2 spearman. Yes.
Valencia: wood 30, iron 20 -> can build 2 spearman. Yes.

Let's write down the build orders:
- Barcelona [22]: build 1 knight.
- Tarragona [21]: build 2 spearman.
- Girona [23]: build 2 spearman.
- Castellon [18]: build 1 knight.
- Zaragoza [17]: build 1 knight.
- Huesca [20]: build 2 spearman.
- Valencia [16]: build 2 spearman.

Total builds: 3 knights, 8 spearman. This is a good mix.

Now, movements.
What should we do this turn?
We have Pamplona [19] being conquered by the 6 spearmen arriving this turn.
We have Teruel [13] already ours.
We want to push towards Madrid [12] and Toledo [8].
Let's look at the troops we can send now:
From Zaragoza [17]: we have 2 spearman, 2 knight available to send.
We can send the 2 knight to Madrid [12] to conquer it!
Wait, if we send 2 knight from Zaragoza to Madrid [12]:
March distance: 1 fast turn. They will arrive next turn.
But wait, if we send them now, they march this turn. During this turn, Madrid's garrison doesn't change (unless neutral villages harden, but that's every 5 turns, and it's turn 6, so next hardening is turn 10).
So they arrive next turn (turn 7) and fight.
Is 2 knight enough to beat 4 archers at Madrid?
We calculated: 2 knight vs 4 archers.
Knight count = 2, archer count = 4. Knight counters archer -> 1.5x multiplier.
Attacker force: 2 * 4 = 8. With counter: 12.
Defender effective defense: 10.
12 vs 10: attacker wins!
But wait, what about losses?
Attacker wins, but takes losses against defender's effective force (10).
Usually, losses are calculated as: attacker loses some troops. But since we win, we conquer the village.
Is it better to send more troops?
Can we send more troops to Madrid?
We have Castellon [18] with 1 knight. Can we send it to Zaragoza [17] to reinforce, so next turn we have 3 knights at Zaragoza?
If we send Castellon's knight to Zaragoza [17]:
March from Castellon [18] to Zaragoza [17]:
Road: Castellon [18] is connected to [13] Teruel, [16] Valencia, [21] Tarragona.
To go to Zaragoza [17], we must go [18] -> [13] Teruel -> [17] Zaragoza, or [18] -> [16] Valencia -> [13] Teruel -> [17] Zaragoza.
Wait, the report says: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Castellon.
And Teruel to Zaragoza is 1 fast turn. So total 2 fast turns.
If we send Castellon's knight to Zaragoza, it takes 2 fast turns (arrives turn 8). That's too slow to join the attack on Madrid next turn.
What about sending Tarragona's 2 knights to Zaragoza?
Tarragona [21] to Zaragoza [17]: road is direct? [21] is connected to [17], [18], [22].
So Tarragona to Zaragoza is 1 or 2 turns.
If we send Tarragona's 2 knights to Zaragoza, they might take 2 fast turns, arriving turn 8.
So they can't join Madrid next turn either.
So the only troops that can reach Madrid next turn are those already at Zaragoza [17] (2 knights) or Teruel [13] (2 knights, 2 archers).
Can we send Teruel's troops to Madrid?
Road from Teruel [13] to Madrid [12]:
Teruel is connected to [8] Toledo, [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon.
To go to Madrid [12], we must go [13] -> [17] Zaragoza -> [12] Madrid, or [13] -> [8] Toledo -> [12] Madrid.
Since Toledo is enemy, we can't march through it unless we conquer it first, or we can't march past an enemy village: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination. You cannot march past an enemy or neutral village to hit one behind it."
So we cannot go through Toledo [8] to reach Madrid [12] unless we conquer Toledo first.
So from Teruel, we must go through Zaragoza [17] to reach Madrid. That takes 1 turn to Zaragoza, then 1 turn to Madrid. Total 2 turns.
So only troops starting at Zaragoza [17] can reach Madrid next turn.
Zaragoza has 2 knights, 2 spearman.
If we send 2 knights and 2 spearman to Madrid:
We calculated 2 spearman + 2 knight vs 4 archers -> tie, defender wins.
If we send only 2 knights -> 12 vs 10, attacker wins.
If we send 2 knights and 1 spearman?
Most numerous: knight (2) vs spearman (1). Knight sets the counter. Knight counters archer -> 1.5x multiplier.
Attacker force: 2 knights (8) + 1 spearman (1) = 9. With counter: 9 * 1.5 = 13.5.
Defender: 10.
13.5 vs 10: attacker wins!
And we keep 1 spearman at Zaragoza.
But wait, if we send 2 knights and 1 spearman, we use 3 troops. Is it better to send 2 knights and 2 spearman, but the tie-breaker makes spearman the most numerous?
Wait, if we send 2 knights and 2 spearman, the counts are tied (2 vs 2).
Ties break in the order spearman, archer, knight.
So spearman is chosen as the most numerous type.
Spearman counters knight. Defender has archers. So spearman does NOT counter archer. Archer counters spearman. So defender has the counter.
So 2 knights + 2 spearman is bad because of the tie-breaker.
If we send 3 knights and 1 spearman? We only have 2 knights at Zaragoza.
So sending 2 knights and 1 spearman is a good option.
But wait, can we send the 2 knights to Madrid, and keep the spearman?
Yes, 2 knights is enough to win (12 vs 10).
But we will take losses. How many losses?
"The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
Usually, the loser is destroyed entirely, and the winner takes losses equal to some fraction of the loser's effective force, or something like that.
But conquering Madrid is very important because it's a neutral village, and it gives us our 10th village (if Pamplona is also conquered this turn, we'll have 9, Madrid makes 10).
Wait, if we conquer Madrid, we need to secure it. If we just send 2 knights, they win but might lose some knights. Then Madrid becomes ours, and we can build/reinforce.
Let's look at Toledo [8].
Toledo is enemy, 1 knight, defense 3.
We can send troops from Teruel [13] to Toledo [8] (1 fast turn).
Teruel has 2 archer, 2 knight.
If we send 2 archer, 2 knight to Toledo:
As calculated, attacker force = 12, defender = 3. Massive win.
But we lose some troops.
If we send only 2 knight to Toledo:
Attacker: 2 knight. Most numerous: knight. Knight vs knight? No counter.
Attacker force: 2 * 4 = 8.
Defender: 1 knight, defense 3.
8 vs 3: win.
If we send 2 archer to Toledo:
Attacker: 2 archer. Most numerous: archer. Archer vs knight: knight counters archer -> defender has counter!
Attacker force: 2 * 2 = 4.
Defender: 1 knight, defense 3. With counter? No, defender has the counter, so defender's force is multiplied by 1.5? "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
So defender force = 3 * 1.5 = 4.5.
Attacker force = 4.
4 vs 4.5: defender wins (or tie favors defender).
So sending 2 archer is bad.
So we should send knights to Toledo.
If we send 2 knight from Teruel to Toledo, we win easily.
But wait, if we send troops to both Madrid and Toledo, we split our forces.
Let's look at the big picture.
We want to expand towards the west (Toledo, Madrid, then Salamanca, Badajoz, etc.).
Toledo is an enemy village, but very weak (1 knight, defense 3).
Madrid is neutral, stronger (4 archers, defense 10).
If we conquer Toledo first, we can use it to attack Madrid from the south (Toledo is connected to Madrid [12]).
Roads: Toledo [8] is connected to [4] Badajoz, [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel.
So if we conquer Toledo, we can march from Toledo to Madrid.
But conquering Toledo takes 1 turn (from Teruel). Conquering Madrid takes 1 turn (from Zaragoza).
Can we do both this turn?
Yes, we can send troops from Teruel to Toledo, and troops from Zaragoza to Madrid.
Let's see what we send:
From Teruel [13] to Toledo [8]:
Send 2 knight, 2 archer? Or just 2 knight?
If we send 2 knight, we keep 2 archer at Teruel.
From Zaragoza [17] to Madrid [12]:
Send 2 knight. Keep 2 spearman at Zaragoza.
This way, we attack both Madrid and Toledo simultaneously!
Let's check if this is possible:
Teruel has 2 archer, 2 knight. We send 2 knight to Toledo. Leaves 2 archer at Teruel.
Zaragoza has 2 spearman, 2 knight. We send 2 knight to Madrid. Leaves 2 spearman at Zaragoza.
This is a very clean split!
Let's calculate the battles:
1. Zaragoza 2 knight vs Madrid 4 archers:
Attacker: 2 knight (attack 8). Knight counters archer -> 1.5x multiplier -> 12.
Defender: 4 archers (defense 8). Village bonus x1.25 -> effective defense 10.
12 vs 10: attacker wins. Madrid is conquered!
2. Teruel 2 knight vs Toledo 1 knight:
Attacker: 2 knight (attack 8). No counter (knight vs knight).
Defender: 1 knight (defense 2). Village bonus x1.25 -> effective defense 3.
8 vs 3: attacker wins. Toledo is conquered!

This is fantastic! We conquer two villages this turn (assuming the 6 spearmen also conquer Pamplona [19]).
Wait, if we conquer Pamplona, Toledo, and Madrid, we go from 8 villages to 11 villages!
Let's check if the 6 spearmen will indeed conquer Pamplona.
Pamplona [19] has 2 knights, defense 5.
6 spearmen arrive this turn.
Attacker: 6 spearman (attack 6). Spearman counters knight -> 1.5x multiplier -> 9.
Defender: 2 knights (defense 4). Village bonus x1.25 -> effective defense 5.
9 vs 5: attacker wins. Pamplona is conquered!
So we get 3 villages this turn: Pamplona, Madrid, Toledo.
Total villages: 8 + 3 = 11.
We need 18 to win. 11 is almost halfway!

Let's check if there are any other movements we should make.
What about the troops at Huesca [20]? We have 2 spearman there.
Huesca is connected to Pamplona [19], Zaragoza [17], Girona [23].
Since Pamplona will be conquered this turn (by the marching spearmen), we can send Huesca's 2 spearman to Pamplona to reinforce it!
If we send Huesca's 2 spearman to Pamplona [19]:
March from Huesca [20] to Pamplona [19]:
Report says: "march from [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Pamplona. Huesca is closer to Pamplona than Zaragoza?
Roads: Huesca [20] is connected to [17] Zaragoza, [19] Pamplona, [23] Girona.
So Huesca to Pamplona is a direct road. It should be 1 fast turn or 1 medium turn.
Let's send Huesca's 2 spearman to Pamplona [19] to secure it.
What about Girona [23]'s 3 spearman?
Girona is connected to [20] Huesca, [22] Barcelona.
We can send them to Huesca [20] or Barcelona [22] to build up the center.
Or we can send them to Zaragoza [17] via Huesca? That's too many turns.
Let's send Girona's 3 spearman to Huesca [20] to reinforce the route to Pamplona.
Or send them to Barcelona [22] to defend the capital.
Actually, sending them to Huesca [20] makes sense as a staging post for the northern front (Pamplona -> Burgos).
Let's look at Valencia [16]'s 1 spearman.
Valencia is connected to [13] Teruel, [15] Murcia, [18] Castellon.
We can send Valencia's 1 spearman to Teruel [13] to reinforce the southern front (Toledo/Madrid).
Or send it to Castellon [18].
Let's send it to Teruel [13].

Let's review the proposed movements:
1. From Zaragoza [17] to Madrid [12]: 2 knight.
2. From Teruel [13] to Toledo [8]: 2 knight.
3. From Huesca [20] to Pamplona [19]: 2 spearman.
4. From Girona [23] to Huesca [20]: 3 spearman.
5. From Valencia [16] to Teruel [13]: 1 spearman.

Wait, what about Barcelona's 1 knight?
Barcelona [22] has 1 knight. We can send it to Tarragona [21] or Girona [23] or Zaragoza [17]?
To go to Zaragoza, it has to go through Tarragona [21] -> Zaragoza [17].
Tarragona to Zaragoza is 2 fast turns. So it would take 3 fast turns to reach Zaragoza. That's slow.
We can send it to Tarragona [21] to reinforce the coast, or just keep it at Barcelona to defend.
Actually, we can send it to Tarragona [21] to start moving towards Zaragoza.
Let's send Barcelona's 1 knight to Tarragona [21].
And Tarragona has 2 knight. We can send Tarragona's 2 knight to Zaragoza [17] to reinforce the Madrid attack for next turn!
Wait, if we send Tarragona's 2 knight to Zaragoza [17], they will arrive in 2 turns (turn 8). But Zaragoza will already have its own builds and reinforcements.
Actually, let's look at the march times:
Tarragona [21] to Zaragoza [17]: road is direct. Let's assume 2 fast turns.
If we send them now, they arrive turn 8. By then, Madrid will have been conquered (turn 7) and we can push further west from Madrid.
So sending Tarragona's 2 knights to Zaragoza is a good strategic move to build up the strike force for the next push.
Let's do that:
- Barcelona [22] to Tarragona [21]: 1 knight.
- Tarragona [21] to Zaragoza [17]: 2 knight.
This moves the western coast's knights towards the central front.

Let's check Castellon [18]'s 1 knight.
Castellon is connected to [13] Teruel, [16] Valencia, [21] Tarragona.
We can send Castellon's 1 knight to Teruel [13] to reinforce the Toledo attack or the push towards Madrid from the south.
Road from Castellon to Teruel: 1 fast turn.
So we can send Castellon's 1 knight to Teruel [13].
Then Teruel will have 2 archer + 1 knight (from Castellon) + 1 spearman (from Valencia) = 4 troops.
Next turn, we can send a larger force from Teruel to Toledo or Madrid.

Let's summarize the movements:
- Zaragoza [17] -> Madrid [12]: 2 knight.
- Teruel [13] -> Toledo [8]: 2 knight.
- Huesca [20] -> Pamplona [19]: 2 spearman.
- Girona [23] -> Huesca [20]: 3 spearman.
- Valencia [16] -> Teruel [13]: 1 spearman.
- Barcelona [22] -> Tarragona [21]: 1 knight.
- Tarragona [21] -> Zaragoza [17]: 2 knight.
- Castellon [18] -> Teruel [13]: 1 knight.

Wait, let's check if we have enough troops at each village to send:
- Zaragoza [17]: has 2 spearman, 2 knight. We send 2 knight. Leaves 2 spearman. OK.
- Teruel [13]: has 2 archer, 2 knight. We send 2 knight. Leaves 2 archer. OK.
- Huesca [20]: has 2 spearman. We send 2 spearman. Leaves 0. OK.
- Girona [23]: has 3 spearman. We send 3 spearman. Leaves 0. OK.
- Valencia [16]: has 1 spearman. We send 1 spearman. Leaves 0. OK.
- Barcelona [22]: has 1 knight. We send 1 knight. Leaves 0. OK.
- Tarragona [21]: has 2 knight. We send 2 knight. Leaves 0. OK.
- Castellon [18]: has 1 knight. We send 1 knight. Leaves 0. OK.

This is a very active turn! We are sending almost all our available troops to the fronts.
Let's double check if we should build troops.
Yes, we decided to build:
- Barcelona [22]: 1 knight (wood 30, iron 60 -> 30, 30). Wait, if we send the 1 knight, we can build another one next turn. But we can build 1 knight now.
- Tarragona [21]: 2 spearman (wood 30, iron 20 -> 30 wood, 0 iron). We send the 2 knights, so we build 2 spearman to have some defense/garrison.
- Girona [23]: 2 spearman (wood 30, iron 40 -> 30 wood, 40 iron). We send the 3 spearman, so we build 2 spearman.
- Castellon [18]: 1 knight (wood 30, iron 30 -> 30, 30). We send the 1 knight, so we build 1 knight.
- Zaragoza [17]: 1 knight (wood 30, iron 30 -> 30, 30). We send the 2 knights, so we build 1 knight.
- Huesca [20]: 2 spearman (wood 30, iron 40 -> 30 wood, 40 iron). We send the 2 spearman, so we build 2 spearman.
- Valencia [16]: 2 spearman (wood 30, iron 20 -> 30 wood, 20 iron). We send the 1 spearman, so we build 2 spearman.

This is perfect! We are replacing the troops we send, and building more.
Let's check the total resources spent:
Barcelona: 30 wood, 30 iron.
Tarragona: 30 wood, 0 iron.
Girona: 30 wood, 0 iron.
Castellon: 30 wood, 30 iron.
Zaragoza: 30 wood, 30 iron.
Huesca: 30 wood, 0 iron.
Valencia: 30 wood, 0 iron.
Total wood spent: 210. Total iron spent: 90.
We have enough resources in stock (each village has 30 wood and 20-60 iron).
Wait, let's check if the villages can afford these builds:
- Barcelona: wood 30, iron 60. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Afford? Yes, leaves 0 wood, 30 iron.
- Tarragona: wood 30, iron 20. Build 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron). Afford? Yes, leaves 0 wood, 20 iron.
- Girona: wood 30, iron 40. Build 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron). Afford? Yes, leaves 0 wood, 40 iron.
- Castellon: wood 30, iron 30. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Afford? Yes, leaves 0 wood, 0 iron.
- Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 30. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Afford? Yes, leaves 0 wood, 0 iron.
- Huesca: wood 30, iron 40. Build 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron). Afford? Yes, leaves 0 wood, 40 iron.
- Valencia: wood 30, iron 20. Build 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron). Afford? Yes, leaves 0 wood, 20 iron.
All builds are affordable!

Let's write the plan and statement.
Plan:
"We have conquered Teruel and are about to conquer Pamplona with the marching spearmen. This turn, we launch a double strike: Zaragoza's knights take Madrid, and Teruel's knights take Toledo. We also send spearmen to reinforce Pamplona and the northern route, and move coastal knights towards Zaragoza to build up the central strike force. We build knights and spearmen across our villages to replace losses and grow our army. Next turn, we will have 11 villages and will push west from Madrid and Toledo towards Salamanca and Badajoz, aiming to encircle the enemy capital."

Statement:
"Victory is within our grasp! The spearmen have cleared Pamplona, and now our knights strike Madrid and Toledo simultaneously. We are building at full capacity, replacing our marching troops and preparing for the push into the enemy heartland. The net of villages is closing around King A's territory!"

Let's double check the JSON format.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 17, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 13, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 20, "toId": 19, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 23, "toId": 20, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 16, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 22, "toId": 21, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 21, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 18, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}}
  ],
  "plan": "We have conquered Teruel and are about to conquer Pamplona with the marching spearmen. This turn, we launch a double strike: Zaragoza's knights take Madrid, and Teruel's knights take Toledo. We also send spearmen to reinforce Pamplona and the northern route, and move coastal knights towards Zaragoza to build up the central strike force. We build knights and spearmen across our villages to replace losses and grow our army. Next turn, we will have 11 villages and will push west from Madrid and Toledo towards Salamanca and Badajoz, aiming to encircle the enemy capital.",
  "statement": "Victory is within our grasp! The spearmen have cleared Pamplona, and now our knights strike Madrid and Toledo simultaneously. We are building at full capacity, replacing our marching troops and preparing for the push into the enemy heartland. The net of villages is closing around King A's territory!"
}

Let's verify the village IDs:
Barcelona: 22
Tarragona: 21
Girona: 23
Castellon: 18
Zaragoza: 17
Huesca: 20
Valencia: 16
Teruel: 13
Madrid: 12
Toledo: 8
Pamplona: 19

All IDs are correct and match the report.
The JSON is valid.
I will output only the JSON object.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":17,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":13,"destinoId":8,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":20,"destinoId":19,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":23,"destinoId":20,"tropas":{"lanceiro":3,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":16,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":22,"destinoId":21,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":21,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":18,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [18]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [20]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [20]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO envio [17]->[12]: 2K (alvo neutra arqueiro)
ACEITO envio [13]->[8]: 2K
ACEITO envio [20]->[19]: 2S (alvo neutra cavaleiro)
ACEITO envio [23]->[20]: 3S
ACEITO envio [16]->[13]: 1S
ACEITO envio [22]->[21]: 1K
ACEITO envio [21]->[17]: 2K
ACEITO envio [18]->[13]: 1K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): We have conquered Teruel and are about to conquer Pamplona with the marching spearmen. This turn, we launch a double strike: Zaragoza's knights take Madrid, and Teruel's knights take Toledo. We also send spearmen to reinforce Pamplona and the northern route, and move coastal knights towards Zaragoza to build up the central strike force. We build knights and spearmen across our villages to replace losses and grow our army. Next turn, we will have 11 villages and will push west from Madrid and Toledo towards Salamanca and Badajoz, aiming to encircle the enemy capital.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): Victory is within our grasp! The spearmen have cleared Pamplona, and now our knights strike Madrid and Toledo simultaneously. We are building at full capacity, replacing our marching troops and preparing for the push into the enemy heartland. The net of villages is closing around King A's territory!
REFORCO [1] Santarem dono A: 1S
REFORCO [3] Coimbra dono A: 3K
COMBATE [8] Toledo: atacante A Fatk=8 (ef 12) Fdef=8 (ef 10) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~3
COMBATE [19] Pamplona: atacante B Fatk=6 (ef 9) Fdef=8 (ef 10) vant=1 -> vence defensor | baixas~4
COMBATE [13] Teruel: atacante B Fatk=16 (ef 24) Fdef=8 (ef 10) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~3
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 2S+1K
REFORCO [21] Tarragona dono B: 1K
placar: A 7 ald/tropas 7 | B 8 ald/tropas 4 | neutras 9 | transito 16 (A 5 | B 11)

########## TURNO 7 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3738 | resposta 38955 | raciocinio 34247 | finish stop | ms 432954
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 6, \"toId\": 7, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 1, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 1, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 0, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 5, \"toId\": 9, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 2, \"toId\": 9, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 2, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 3, \"toId\": 6, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 3, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 3, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 1}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"We are attacking Salamanca with Porto's knights and Toledo with Santarem's army. We are reinforcing Badajoz with troops from Santarem, Lisboa, Coimbra, and Evora to secure our border. We are sending archers from Faro and Evora to Sevilha to gather forces for Cordoba. We have started moving spearmen from Coimbra to Porto for the Vigo campaign. Our builds produce knights, archers, and spearmen to support these operations. Next turn, we will evaluate the battles and plan the next attacks on Madrid and Cordoba.\",\n  \"statement\": \"This turn, we launched a coordinated strike: Porto's knights marched on Salamanca while our Santarem army advanced on Toledo. We heavily reinforced Badajoz with troops from Lisboa, Santarem, Coimbra, and Evora to fortify our border. We began concentrating archers in Sevilha for the upcoming assault on Cordoba, and started moving spearmen towards Porto to prepare for the attack on Vigo. Our building orders focused on producing the specific troop types we need: knights for the northern front, archers for the south, and spearmen for the west.\"\n}"
raciocinio: We are King A. We need to analyze the current state and decide on orders for this turn.

Current situation:
- We hold 8 villages (Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, Coimbra, Badajoz, Faro, Porto, Sevilha). We need 18 of 24 to win (75%).
- Enemy is King B, holding Toledo (and possibly others we don't see: Teruel, and maybe others like Zaragoza, Barcelona, etc.).
- Neutral villages: Salamanca, Vigo, Cordoba, Madrid (last seen neutral).
- Unexplored: Burgos, Zaragoza, Valencia, Murcia, Castellon, Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona, Barcelona (enemy capital), Girona.

Our resources and troops:
[0] Lisboa: wood 30, iron 20. Troops at home: 1 (knight? Actually "1 / 300" and available: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. So 1 knight at home. Effective defense 3.
[1] Santarem: wood 40, iron 30. Troops at home: 3 (1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight). Already marching out: 1 spearman, 1 knight (to Toledo). Available: 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
[2] Evora: wood 40, iron 30. Troops at home: 3 (0 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight). Available: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight.
[3] Coimbra: wood 40, iron 20. Troops at home: 5 (3 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight). Available: 3 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
[4] Badajoz: wood 40, iron 30. Troops at home: 1 (0 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight). Available: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight.
[5] Faro: wood 40, iron 30. Troops at home: 1 (0 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight). Already marching out: 1 spearman, 2 archers (to Sevilha). Available: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight.
[6] Porto: wood 0, iron 0. Troops at home: 2 (0 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight). Available: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight. (Note: wood 0, iron 0, so cannot build anything this turn unless we send resources? No, resources are per village, so Porto cannot build because it has no resources. But we can send troops from other villages to reinforce it.)
[9] Sevilha: wood 0, iron 0. Troops at home: 3 (2 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight). Available: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. (Also no resources.)

Marching armies:
- 1 spearman, 1 knight from [1] Santarem to [8] Toledo, arrives in 1 turn (so next turn they will be at Toledo).
- 1 spearman, 2 archers from [5] Faro to [9] Sevilha, arrives in 1 turn.

Enemy armies: none sighted.

Our goal: hold 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. We have 8, need to conquer more. The enemy capital is Barcelona, but we don't need to take it to win if we eliminate all enemy villages. However, we need to conquer enemy villages to eliminate them. We currently see Toledo as enemy. We know Teruel was enemy last turn. There may be others.

We need to expand. We have troops marching to Toledo (enemy) and Sevilha (ours). The army to Toledo will attack Toledo next turn. We need to see if we can reinforce or support that attack.

Also, we have neutral villages: Salamanca, Vigo, Cordoba, Madrid. We can conquer them to increase our count.

Let's think about the road network and march distances.

From our villages, we can attack:
- From Badajoz [4] to Toledo [8] (1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn). We already have troops marching from Santarem to Toledo, arriving next turn. Badajoz has 1 archer available. We could send that archer to Toledo to join the attack? But note: troops from different villages fight separately even if they arrive at the same target on the same turn. So sending from Badajoz would mean a separate assault. However, if we send from Badajoz and Santarem, they would arrive at different times? Actually, if we send from Badajoz now, it takes 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn depending on troops. If we send only archer (medium speed), it takes 1 medium turn? The report says: "march from [4] Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Toledo. So if we send archer (medium), it takes 1 turn. The army from Santarem is arriving in 1 turn (they are already marching). So they would both arrive next turn? But the rules say: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So they would fight separately. That might be bad because Toledo has 2 knights defense. Our marching army is 1 spearman, 1 knight. That's not very strong. If we send an archer from Badajoz, that's another fight. We need to consider if we can win.

Alternatively, we could send troops from other villages to reinforce Badajoz or Santarem first, then attack later.

We also have neutral villages nearby: Salamanca [7] from Coimbra [3], Porto [6], Badajoz [4]. Salamanca has 4 archers defense (effective defense 10). Vigo [10] from Porto [6] has 4 knights defense (effective defense 10). Cordoba [11] from Sevilha [9] or Badajoz [4] or Toledo [8] has 4 spearmen defense (effective defense 10). Madrid [12] from Salamanca [7], Toledo [8], Burgos [14], Zaragoza [17] - but we don't have direct road from our villages except via Salamanca or Toledo? Actually, Madrid is connected to [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza. So from our territory, we can reach Madrid via Salamanca (which is neutral) or via Toledo (enemy). So we'd need to conquer Salamanca or Toledo first to reach Madrid.

We also have unexplored villages. We need to explore to find more enemy villages to conquer.

Our immediate priorities:
- We have 8 villages. We need to grow.
- We have troops in many villages but resources are low in some (Porto and Sevilha have 0 wood and 0 iron). They cannot build. We need to send resources? No, resources are per village, no sharing. So those villages can only produce troops if they have resources. But they produce 30 wood and 20 iron per turn. So Porto and Sevilha will have 0 this turn, but next turn they will have 30 wood and 20 iron? Wait, the report says: "wood 0 (+30/turn) | iron 0 (+20/turn)". That means they currently have 0, but they produce 30 wood and 20 iron per turn. So at the start of each turn, they add that amount. So after this turn, they will have 30 wood and 20 iron. But for building this turn, they have 0, so cannot build. Next turn they can build.

We need to decide on builds and movements.

Let's list available builds:
- Lisboa: wood 30, iron 20. Can build: spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) -> can build 2? Actually 30 wood, so 2 spearmen? But cap is 300 troops. Currently 1 knight at home. So can build up to 2 spearmen? But we need to consider if we want to build spearman or knight. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. We have 30 wood, 20 iron -> cannot build knight (need 30 iron). Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron -> can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 10 iron. Or build 2 spearmen (30 wood, 0 iron). Or 1 spearman (15 wood) and 1 archer? 15+20=35 wood >30, so no. So options: 2 spearmen, or 1 archer, or 1 spearman (leaving resources). Since we have 1 knight already, maybe we want to build more spearmen or archers to complement. But Lisboa is interior, we might want to build troops to send to frontlines.
- Santarem: wood 40, iron 30. Can build: knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 1 knight. Or archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) leaving 10 iron. Or spearman (15 wood) -> 2 spearmen (30 wood) leaving 10 wood, 30 iron. Or mix: 1 spearman + 1 archer = 35 wood, 10 iron, leaving 5 wood, 20 iron. Or 1 knight + 1 spearman? 30+15=45 wood >40, no. So best: 1 knight, or 2 archers, or 2 spearmen. We already have 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight at home. We might want to build more knights or archers for offense.
- Evora: wood 40, iron 30. Same as Santarem. Can build 1 knight, or 2 archers, or 2 spearmen. Currently has 1 archer, 2 knights at home.
- Coimbra: wood 40, iron 20. Can build: archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 1 archer (leaving 20 wood, 12 iron? Actually 40-20=20 wood, 20-10=10 iron). Or spearman (15 wood) -> 2 spearmen (30 wood, 0 iron) leaving 10 wood, 20 iron. Or 1 spearman + 1 archer = 35 wood, 10 iron, leaving 5 wood, 10 iron. Cannot build knight (need 30 iron). So options: 2 spearmen, or 1 archer, or 1 spearman+1 archer? Actually 1 spearman+1 archer costs 35 wood, 10 iron, we have 40 wood, 20 iron, so yes. But we might want to build what we need. Currently 3 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight at home.
- Badajoz: wood 40, iron 30. Can build: 1 knight, or 2 archers, or 2 spearmen. Currently 1 archer at home.
- Faro: wood 40, iron 30. Can build: 1 knight, or 2 archers, or 2 spearmen. Currently 1 archer at home, but already marching out 1 spearman, 2 archers. So after they leave, only 1 archer remains? Actually "already marching out (NOT available): 1 spearman, 2 archers". So those are not at home. The "troops at home: 1 / 300" is the available troops? Wait, the report says: "troops at home: 1 / 300" and "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight". So at home there is 1 archer. The marching out troops are not at home. So Faro has 1 archer at home. It can build more.
- Porto: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.
- Sevilha: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.

So we have building capabilities in most villages except Porto and Sevilha.

Now, movements: We can send troops from any village to any other village (enemy, neutral, or ours). But we must consider the road network and travel times.

We have armies marching:
- From Santarem to Toledo: 1 spearman, 1 knight. Arriving next turn. This will attack Toledo. Toledo has 2 knights defense (effective defense 5). Our force: 1 spearman (attack 1, defense 2), 1 knight (attack 4, defense 2). The most numerous type? We have 1 spearman, 1 knight -> tie. Ties break in order spearman, archer, knight. So the most numerous type is spearman? Actually, tie between spearman and knight. The rule: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So if tie, it goes to spearman. So our army is considered spearman? That means we get the spearman counter bonus against knights? Spearman counters knight, so if our most numerous is spearman, we get 1.5x multiplier against knight. But the defender is knights? Toledo garrison: 2 knights. The defender's most numerous is knight. So the matchup: our spearman vs their knight -> we get counter bonus? Actually, the counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. So if our most numerous is spearman and theirs is knight, we get the bonus. So our effective force might be multiplied by 1.5. But we need to compute effective attack and defense.

Let's compute the battle for Toledo next turn (if we don't send reinforcements now).
Our attacking army: 1 spearman (attack 1, defense 2), 1 knight (attack 4, defense 2). Total attack: we count our ATTACK values. The rule: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs." So our attack power = sum of attacks? Or do we use the most numerous type's attack? The rule says: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins." Effective force is probably computed by multiplying the number of troops by their attack (for attacker) or defense (for defender), then applying counter bonus. Let's read carefully:

"Each troop type has its own ATTACK and DEFENSE values (they are not equal):
  spearman: attack 1, defense 2, speed slow (costs 15 wood + 0 iron).
  archer: attack 2, defense 2, speed medium (costs 20 wood + 10 iron).
  knight: attack 4, defense 2, speed fast (costs 30 wood + 30 iron).
When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs.
Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5.
The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight).
Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital). In the open field (on a road) there is no bonus.
The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER.
The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."

So for an attack on a village, the attacker's effective force = (sum of attacks of all troops) * (1.5 if counter bonus applies, else 1). The defender's effective force = (sum of defenses of all troops) * (1.25 for village, 1.5 for castle) * (1.5 if counter bonus applies? The counter bonus applies to the side that has the counter advantage. It says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So it applies to the side that counters the other's most numerous type. So we need to determine who counters whom.

In our example: Attacker: 1 spearman (attack 1), 1 knight (attack 4). Total attack = 5. Most numerous: tie between spearman and knight -> spearman (since tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight). So attacker's most numerous is spearman.
Defender: 2 knights (defense 2 each, total defense 4). Most numerous: knight.
Counter: spearman counters knight. So attacker has counter bonus. Attacker's effective force = 5 * 1.5 = 7.5.
Defender's effective force = total defense * location bonus (village: 1.25) = 4 * 1.25 = 5. Does defender get counter bonus? Defender's most numerous is knight, attacker's most numerous is spearman. Knight does not counter spearman (knight counters archer). So no counter bonus for defender. So defender effective force = 5.
Attacker wins (7.5 > 5). Losses: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So our losses will be proportional to the loser's effective force? The rule doesn't specify exactly how losses are computed, but typically in such games, losses are a fraction. We'll see next turn.

But wait: The report says Toledo's effective defense is 5 (including location bonus). That matches our calculation: 2 knights defense 2 each = 4, village bonus 1.25 -> 5. So the report gives the defender's effective force directly. For attacker, we need to compute.

So if we attack with 1 spearman, 1 knight, we should win. But we might take losses. Our current marching army is exactly that. So next turn, we will conquer Toledo if we don't change anything. That would give us our 9th village.

But we also have the option to send reinforcements from Badajoz or others to attack Toledo separately, or to send troops to Badajoz to then attack later, etc.

Also, we have troops marching to Sevilha (our own village) from Faro: 1 spearman, 2 archers. They will arrive next turn and reinforce Sevilha. That's good.

Now, what should we do this turn? We need to plan for the long term. We have 8 villages, need 18. We should try to conquer neutral villages to grow, and also enemy villages.

Neutral villages we can attack:
- Salamanca [7]: from Coimbra [3] (2 slow/1 medium/1 fast), Badajoz [4] (1 slow/1 medium/1 fast), Porto [6] (1 slow/1 medium/1 fast). It has 4 archers defense (effective defense 10). We could attack it from multiple directions. But we need to have enough troops.
- Vigo [10]: from Porto [6] (1 slow/1 medium/1 fast). 4 knights defense (effective defense 10).
- Cordoba [11]: from Badajoz [4]? Actually road: [4] Badajoz connects to [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha, [11] Cordoba? Wait, road network: [4] Badajoz: [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. No direct to [11]. [11] Cordoba: [8], [9], [15]. So from Badajoz we must go through Toledo or Sevilha to reach Cordoba. But Toledo is enemy, Sevilha is ours. So we can reach Cordoba from Sevilha [9] (1 slow/1 medium/1 fast) or from Toledo [8] (1 slow/1 medium/1 fast) if we conquer it. So after conquering Toledo, we can attack Cordoba from there or from Sevilha.
- Madrid [12]: from Salamanca [7] or Toledo [8] or Burgos [14] or Zaragoza [17]. So we need to conquer Salamanca or Toledo first.

So our expansion路线: We can attack Salamanca from Coimbra, Badajoz, or Porto. Or we can attack Vigo from Porto. Or we can focus on Toledo first.

We already have troops marching to Toledo. That will likely succeed. So next turn we will own Toledo. Then we can use Toledo to attack Cordoba or Madrid.

But we also need to consider the enemy. King B may have other villages. We know Teruel was enemy last turn. There may be more. We need to explore. We can send troops to explore unexplored villages by marching to them? But we can only see villages connected to our own. To explore, we need to conquer or march through? Actually, we see villages directly connected to our own by road. So if we conquer Toledo, we will see villages connected to Toledo: [4] Badajoz (ours), [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel. So we will then see Cordoba, Madrid, Teruel. That will give us more information.

Our current visible enemies: Toledo (will be conquered next turn), Teruel (last seen enemy). So there is at least one more enemy village.

We need to build up our army. We have many resources available. We should build troops to reinforce our frontlines.

Let's think about what to build and where to send.

We have several villages with resources:
- Lisboa: can build 2 spearmen or 1 archer. Since it's interior and far from front, maybe build spearmen to send to front? But spearmen are slow. Or build archers. Actually, we might want to build knights for fast attack. But Lisboa cannot build knight (insufficient iron). So build archers or spearmen.
- Santarem: can build 1 knight or 2 archers or 2 spearmen. Santarem is already sending 1 spearman, 1 knight to Toledo. After they leave, Santarem will have 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight at home? Wait, available to send now: 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. The marching out troops are not available. So at home we have those 3. If we build more, we can have more. We might want to build knights to replace the one being sent? Or build more to send elsewhere.
- Evora: can build 1 knight or 2 archers or 2 spearmen. Currently has 1 archer, 2 knights at home. So it has knights. We might want to build more knights or archers.
- Coimbra: can build 2 spearmen or 1 archer or mix. Currently has 3 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. We might want to build more spearmen or archers.
- Badajoz: can build 1 knight or 2 archers or 2 spearmen. Currently has 1 archer at home. It's on the border. We might want to build troops to attack nearby neutrals or reinforce.
- Faro: can build 1 knight or 2 archers or 2 spearmen. Currently has 1 archer at home (and marching out 1 spearman, 2 archers). So after they leave, Faro will have 1 archer? Actually, the marching out troops are from Faro, so they are leaving. Faro will have only the 1 archer at home? But we can build more to replace them. Faro is also near the border.
- Porto: cannot build, but has 2 knights at home. We can send them.
- Sevilha: cannot build, has 2 spearman, 1 knight at home.

We need to decide where to send troops. We have two main fronts: the northern front (Toledo/Salamanca) and the southern front (Cordoba/Sevilha). We also have the western front (Porto/Vigo).

Our goal is to conquer 10 more villages. We should try to conquer neutral villages to increase our count, and then enemy villages.

Let's consider attacking Salamanca. It has 4 archers, effective defense 10. We can attack from Coimbra, Badajoz, or Porto. We need to send troops that can win. Let's compute what we need to send to take Salamanca.

Salamanca: garrison 4 archers. Defense per archer = 2. Total defense = 8. Village bonus 1.25 -> effective defense 10 (as given). To attack, we need an effective attack > 10 (since tie favors defender, we need >10 to win). Our attack power depends on troops and counter.

Archer defense: archer counters spearman. So if we send mostly spearmen, we get counter bonus? Wait: archer counters spearman. So if defender is archer, and we send spearmen, the defender has counter bonus against us? Actually, the rule: "spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer." So archer counters spearman. That means if the defender's most numerous type is archer, and our most numerous type is spearman, then the defender has the counter bonus (since archer counters spearman). So we would be at a disadvantage. To counter them, we should send knights (knight counters archer). Or we can send a mix where our most numerous is knight. So to attack archers, we want knights. Alternatively, we can send a mix where we have more knights than anything else, so our most numerous is knight, and we get the counter bonus (knight counters archer). So for Salamanca (4 archers), we should send knights.

What about attacking Vigo? Vigo has 4 knights defense. Knight counters archer, but archer counters knight? No: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. So knight does not counter anything except archer. Against knights, we want spearmen (spearman counters knight). So to attack Vigo, we should send spearmen.

Cordoba: 4 spearmen. Spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. So against spearmen, we want archers (archer counters spearman). So to attack Cordoba, we should send archers.

So we need to match our troops to the defender's type.

Now, let's see what troops we can send from each village to each target.

First, consider Salamanca [7]. We can attack from Coimbra [3], Badajoz [4], or Porto [6]. Travel times: from Coimbra: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. From Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. From Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So Badajoz and Porto are closer (1 turn for medium/fast troops). Coimbra is 2 turns for slow, but 1 turn for medium/fast? Actually "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast" means if we send slow troops (spearman), it takes 2 turns; if medium (archer) or fast (knight), it takes 1 turn. So from Coimbra, archers and knights arrive in 1 turn, spearmen in 2. From Badajoz and Porto, all arrive in 1 turn? Actually "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast" means even slow troops take 1 turn? That seems odd: slow troops take 1 turn? But the report says: "from here to your nearest border village [4] Badajoz: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Lisboa. So for Badajoz to Salamanca, it says "march from [4] Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" in the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" section for Salamanca. So indeed, from Badajoz to Salamanca, even slow troops take 1 turn. That means the distance is short. So we can send any troops from Badajoz or Porto and they arrive next turn. From Coimbra, spearmen take 2 turns, others 1 turn.

So if we want to attack Salamanca next turn, we need to send troops now from Badajoz, Porto, or Coimbra (with archers/knights). But note: we also have the option to send from multiple villages, but they fight separately. So we need to send a strong enough force in one send to win. Or we can send multiple waves, but they fight one at a time. So ideally, we want to send a single army that can defeat the garrison.

What troops do we have available to send to Salamanca?

From Badajoz [4]: available: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight. So we can only send 1 archer. That's not enough to beat 4 archers (effective defense 10). 1 archer has attack 2. Against archer defender, no counter bonus (since both archers). Effective attack = 2. Defender effective = 10. We lose badly. So not good.

From Porto [6]: available: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight. So we can send 2 knights. Knights have attack 4 each, total 8. Most numerous: knight. Defender most numerous: archer. Knight counters archer, so we get counter bonus: effective attack = 8 * 1.5 = 12. Defender effective = 10. 12 > 10, we win! But we need to consider losses. We would win, but we might take losses. After winning, we conquer Salamanca. So sending 2 knights from Porto to Salamanca is a good move. They will arrive next turn (1 fast turn). That would give us our 9th village (if Toledo also falls, then 10th? Actually, we currently have 8. If we conquer Toledo and Salamanca next turn, we would have 10. But we need to hold them for 2 consecutive turns to win? The win condition: "hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village." So we need to hold 18 for 2 turns. That's a lot. We need to expand quickly.

But wait: Porto has 2 knights at home. If we send both, Porto will have no troops left. But Porto is a village we hold, so it will still produce resources and can be reinforced later. But we might want to keep some defense? The enemy might attack Porto? But Porto is interior (no enemy border) according to the report. Actually, the report says for Porto: "INTERIOR (no enemy border)". So it's safe from enemy attack for now. So we can send all troops.

However, we also have the option to send troops from Coimbra. Coimbra has 3 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight available. We could send a mix. But spearmen take 2 turns to arrive, so they wouldn't be there next turn. If we send archers and knights, they arrive in 1 turn. We could send, say, the 1 archer and 1 knight from Coimbra. That would be 1 archer (attack 2) + 1 knight (attack 4) = total attack 6. Most numerous: tie between archer and knight? 1 each -> tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So archer is higher priority than knight? Actually order: spearman, archer, knight. So tie between archer and knight goes to archer. So most numerous is archer. Defender is archer. Archer does not counter archer. So no counter bonus. Effective attack = 6. Defender effective = 10. We lose. If we send only the knight, attack 4, no counter (since our most numerous is knight, defender is archer, knight counters archer -> actually knight counters archer! Wait: knight counters archer. So if we send 1 knight, our most numerous is knight. Defender is archer. Knight counters archer, so we get counter bonus! Effective attack = 4 * 1.5 = 6. Still less than 10. So 1 knight is not enough. If we send 2 knights? But Coimbra only has 1 knight available. So we cannot send 2 knights from Coimbra. We could send the 1 knight and some archers? But then most numerous might be archer if we send more archers. If we send 1 knight and 1 archer, most numerous is archer (tiebreak), so no counter. If we send 1 knight and 2 archers? We only have 1 archer available. So from Coimbra, the best we can do is send the knight and maybe spearmen? But spearmen take 2 turns, so they won't arrive next turn. So for an attack next turn, Coimbra can only send the archer and/or knight, which is not enough to win.

What about from Badajoz? We have 1 archer. Not enough.

So Porto's 2 knights are the only viable force to take Salamanca next turn. But wait: we could also send troops from other villages to Salamanca? The only villages connected to Salamanca are Coimbra, Badajoz, Porto. So those are the only options.

So sending 2 knights from Porto to Salamanca seems like a good plan. They will arrive next turn and likely win, giving us Salamanca.

But we also have the marching army to Toledo (1 spearman, 1 knight from Santarem). They will arrive next turn and attack Toledo. We computed that should win. So next turn we could gain both Toledo and Salamanca, bringing us to 10 villages.

However, we need to consider if we should instead send troops to reinforce the Toledo attack? The Toledo attack might be close, but maybe we can make it safer by sending more from Badajoz? But Badajoz only has 1 archer. If we send that archer to Toledo, it would fight separately. The first fight would be the Santarem army. If that wins, then the second fight would be against the remaining garrison? Actually, when you attack a village, you fight the garrison. If you win, you conquer the village. If there are multiple attacking armies, they fight one at a time. The first army to arrive fights the full garrison. If it wins, it conquers the village, and then any subsequent armies arriving would find no enemy (since the village is now yours). But wait: the rules say: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So if we send from Badajoz to Toledo, it will stop at Toledo and fight. But if the Santarem army arrives at the same time, which fights first? The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." It doesn't specify the order. Probably the order is arbitrary or simultaneous? But since they are from different villages, they fight separately. If the first one wins and conquers, the second one might not need to fight? Actually, if the village is conquered, it becomes ours, so the second army would just reinforce? But the rules say they fight the garrison. If the garrison is already defeated, there is no fight. So it's better to have the stronger army go first. But we don't control the order. Typically, in such games, the attacks are resolved in some order, maybe the order you issue them? But since orders are simultaneous, the enemy also acts. However, the enemy might also send reinforcements or attack elsewhere. We need to be careful.

If we send the Badajoz archer to Toledo, it might arrive at the same time as the Santarem army. If the Santarem army wins, the Badajoz archer might not need to fight and just reinforce. But if the Santarem army loses, the Badajoz archer might fight the garrison (which would still be there). So sending an extra army could be a backup. But the Badajoz archer alone probably cannot win against Toledo's 2 knights. So it's not a good backup. It's better to send troops to other places.

What about sending troops to reinforce Badajoz or other border villages? We might want to build up Badajoz's garrison to defend against enemy counterattacks. But Badajoz is currently border with enemy (Toledo). After we conquer Toledo, the border shifts. The enemy might have other villages near Badajoz? We don't know yet.

We should also consider sending troops to explore. We can send an army to Madrid by first conquering Salamanca? Actually, from Salamanca we can reach Madrid. But if we conquer Salamanca, we can then see Madrid and attack it from Salamanca. Or we can send troops from our villages to Salamanca to conquer it, and then next turn from Salamanca to Madrid.

Another option: attack Vigo from Porto. Vigo has 4 knights. To counter knights, we need spearmen. Porto has 0 spearman available, but we have spearmen in other villages. We could send spearmen from Coimbra (3 available) or Santarem (1 available) or Sevilha (2 available) to Porto, and then from Porto to Vigo? But that would take time. From Coimbra to Porto: Coimbra [3] connects to Porto [6] directly? Road: [3] Coimbra: [1], [6], [7]. So yes, Coimbra to Porto is a direct road. Travel time: from Coimbra to Porto: "from [3] Coimbra to your nearest border village [4] Badajoz: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" but that's to Badajoz. To Porto, we need to see the distance. The report doesn't give march distance from Coimbra to Porto, but we can infer from the road network. Since they are connected, we can estimate. But we can also send from Porto to Vigo: "march from [6] Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Vigo. So if we send spearmen from Coimbra to Porto, they would take some turns. We need to know the travel time. The report doesn't specify distances between all pairs, only from our villages to nearest border. But we can deduce from the given data: For Porto, it says "from [6] Porto to your nearest border village [4] Badajoz: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So Porto to Badajoz is 2 slow/2 medium/1 fast. Porto to Vigo is 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So Vigo is closer. Coimbra to Porto: we don't have direct data, but since Coimbra is connected to Porto, we can look at the road network. Coimbra [3] connects to [1] Santarem, [6] Porto, [7] Salamanca. The distance from Coimbra to Porto is not given, but we can guess it's similar to other distances. Actually, in the "YOUR VILLAGES" section for each village, it gives "from here to your nearest border village [4] Badajoz". For Coimbra: "from here to your nearest border village [4] Badajoz: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That's to Badajoz, which is connected via [1] Santarem? Actually, Coimbra to Badajoz: road goes Coimbra -> Santarem -> Badajoz? Or Coimbra -> Salamanca -> Badajoz? The road network: Coimbra [3] connects to [1] Santarem and [6] Porto and [7] Salamanca. Badajoz [4] connects to [1] Santarem, [5] Faro, [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha. So from Coimbra to Badajoz, the shortest path is likely Coimbra -> Santarem -> Badajoz (since [1] to [4] is direct). That path: Coimbra to Santarem (1 hop), Santarem to Badajoz (1 hop). The travel time given is 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. So that's the total. For Coimbra to Porto: direct connection [3] to [6]. That distance might be similar or shorter. But we don't have the exact time. However, we can send troops from Coimbra to Porto, and they will take some number of turns. We need to plan accordingly.

Given the complexity, maybe we should focus on the immediate attacks we can make next turn: Toledo (already marching) and Salamanca (from Porto). That will give us 2 new villages. We also need to build troops for future attacks.

Let's consider building. We have several villages that can build. We should build troops that will be useful for the next attacks. After taking Toledo and Salamanca, we will have new frontlines. From Salamanca, we can attack Madrid (neutral, 4 archers last seen) or Vigo? Actually, Salamanca connects to Madrid [12] and Burgos [14]? Road: [7] Salamanca: [3], [4], [6], [12]. So from Salamanca we can go to Madrid. From Toledo, we can attack Cordoba [11] or Madrid [12] or Teruel [13]. So we will have many options.

We need to build troops to attack those. For Madrid (4 archers), we need knights. For Cordoba (4 spearmen), we need archers. For Teruel (enemy, last seen 2 archers, 2 knights), we need a mix? Teruel's composition: 2 archers, 2 knights. Most numerous: tie between archer and knight? 2 each. Tiebreak: spearman, archer, knight -> archer wins. So most numerous is archer. To counter archer, we need knights. So we should send knights to attack Teruel. But Teruel is enemy, we need to eliminate it.

We also have unexplored villages. We might want to send troops to explore them by marching to them? But we can only see villages connected to our own. To see unexplored ones, we need to conquer villages that connect to them. For example, if we conquer Salamanca, we will see Madrid, and from Madrid we might see Zaragoza, Burgos, etc. If we conquer Toledo, we will see Cordoba, Madrid, Teruel. So we will gain vision.

Our immediate builds: We should build troops that we can send to the next targets. Since we have multiple villages with resources, we can build knights (useful against archers) and archers (useful against spearmen) and spearmen (useful against knights). We need to anticipate what we will face.

From what we know:
- Madrid: neutral, 4 archers -> need knights.
- Cordoba: neutral, 4 spearmen -> need archers.
- Teruel: enemy, 2 archers, 2 knights -> need knights (since most numerous is archer, knights counter archers).
- Vigo: neutral, 4 knights -> need spearmen.
- Unexplored: could be anything.

We also need to defend our own villages. The enemy might attack us. They might try to retake Toledo or attack our borders. We should keep some troops in our border villages for defense. But since we are expanding, we might want to commit our troops to offense.

Let's decide on builds for this turn:

- Lisboa: can build 2 spearmen or 1 archer. Since Lisboa is far from the front, we might build troops to send to the front. But we need to consider what to send where. Maybe build archers to send to Coimbra or Santarem? Or build spearmen to send to Porto for Vigo? But travel time from Lisboa to Porto: Lisboa [0] connects to [1] Santarem and [2] Evora. To get to Porto, we'd need to go through Santarem -> Coimbra -> Porto, or Evora -> Faro -> Sevilha -> etc. That's many turns. So Lisboa is better for building troops to send to the eastern front via Santarem or Evora. Since we have many archers and knights already, maybe we should build spearmen to counter knights? But we don't know if we'll face knights. Actually, we know Vigo has knights, so we need spearmen. But getting spearmen from Lisboa to Porto takes time. We could build spearmen in Coimbra instead, which is closer to Porto. Coimbra can build 2 spearmen. So maybe let Coimbra build spearmen.

- Santarem: can build 1 knight or 2 archers or 2 spearmen. Santarem is near Toledo and Badajoz. After sending troops to Toledo, Santarem will have 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight at home (since the marching out troops are gone). We might want to build more to send to Madrid or Teruel. Since we need knights for Madrid/Teruel, building a knight here is good. Or build archers for Cordoba. Let's see: we have 1 knight already there, so building another knight gives us 2 knights, which can be sent together to attack a target requiring knights. So I'm leaning towards building 1 knight in Santarem.

- Evora: can build 1 knight or 2 archers or 2 spearmen. Evora is near Sevilha and Faro. It currently has 1 archer, 2 knights at home. We might want to build more knights or archers. Since we need archers for Cordoba (from Sevilha area), building archers in Evora could be good. Or build knights for Madrid. But we can also build knights in Santarem. Let's consider the southern front: after we take Toledo, we can attack Cordoba from Sevilha or Toledo. Cordoba needs archers. Sevilha currently has 2 spearman, 1 knight (and will be reinforced by Faro's 1 spearman, 2 archers next turn). So Sevilha will have a mix. We might want to build more archers in Evora to send to Sevilha or directly to Cordoba. Evora to Cordoba: Evora [2] connects to [5] Faro, and Faro connects to [9] Sevilha, Sevilha to [11] Cordoba. That's a few hops. Or we could build archers in Sevilha? But Sevilha has 0 resources this turn, cannot build. Next turn it will have resources. So building archers in Evora now could give us troops to send to Cordoba next turn or the turn after.

- Coimbra: can build 2 spearmen or 1 archer or mix. Coimbra is near Porto and Salamanca. We are sending Porto's knights to Salamanca. After that, Porto will be empty. We might want to reinforce Porto or build troops for Vigo (needs spearmen). Coimbra can build spearmen. We could build 2 spearmen in Coimbra and then send them to Porto to reinforce, and later to Vigo. Or we could send them directly to Vigo? But from Coimbra to Vigo: Coimbra -> Porto -> Vigo. That takes time. But we can start them marching now. If we build 2 spearmen in Coimbra this turn, they will be ready next turn. Then we can send them to Porto (1 turn? Actually, Coimbra to Porto travel time: we need to know. From the report, Coimbra to Badajoz is 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. Porto is closer? Coimbra to Porto is direct, so likely 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast? Let's check: In the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" for Porto, it says "march from [6] Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Vigo, and "from [6] Porto to your nearest border village [4] Badajoz: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So Porto to Badajoz is longer. Coimbra to Porto is probably similar to Coimbra to Salamanca? Coimbra to Salamanca: from Coimbra to Salamanca [7] is "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" as per Salamanca's info: "march from [3] Coimbra: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So Coimbra to Salamanca is 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. Porto to Salamanca is "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So Coimbra to Porto might be 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast? Not sure, but we can assume it's at least 1 turn for slow troops. So if we build spearmen in Coimbra, they will be ready next turn, then we can send them to Porto, arriving maybe next turn or the one after. Then from Porto to Vigo is 1 turn. So total time from Coimbra to Vigo: build 1 turn, march to Porto 1 turn, march to Vigo 1 turn = 3 turns. That's okay.

- Badajoz: can build 1 knight or 2 archers or 2 spearmen. Badajoz is on the border with Toledo. After we take Toledo, Badajoz will be interior? Actually, if we take Toledo, the border might shift to Cordoba or Madrid. Badajoz will still be near the border. We might want to build troops to send to Madrid or Cordoba. Badajoz to Madrid: via Toledo? Badajoz -> Toledo -> Madrid. Or via Salamanca? Badajoz -> Salamanca -> Madrid. Both are 2 hops. We can build archers or knights. Since we need knights for Madrid, building a knight in Badajoz could be useful. Or build archers for Cordoba. Let's see what we need more. We have knights from Porto going to Salamanca. We have Santarem building a knight. We might have enough knights. For Cordoba, we need archers. We can build archers in Evora or Faro. Badajoz could build archers too.

- Faro: can build 1 knight or 2 archers or 2 spearmen. Faro is near Sevilha. It currently has 1 archer at home, and marching out 1 spearman, 2 archers. After they leave, Faro will have 1 archer. We might want to build more archers to send to Cordoba. Or build spearmen for something? Faro to Cordoba: via Sevilha. So building archers in Faro could reinforce the southern front.

- Porto: cannot build. We are sending its 2 knights to Salamanca. So Porto will be left with 0 troops. We might want to send troops from elsewhere to reinforce Porto after it's empty, but for now it's interior so safe.

- Sevilha: cannot build. It has 2 spearman, 1 knight, and will be reinforced by Faro's troops next turn. So it will have 3 spearman? Actually, Faro sends 1 spearman, 2 archers. So Sevilha will have 2+1=3 spearman, 0+2=2 archers, 1 knight. That's a decent garrison. We might want to send some of those to attack Cordoba next turn? But we need to see if we can win against Cordoba with what we have.

Let's plan the attacks for next turn. We will have new villages: Toledo and Salamanca (if our attacks succeed). From Toledo, we can attack Cordoba [11] or Madrid [12] or Teruel [13]. From Salamanca, we can attack Madrid [12] or Vigo? No, Salamanca doesn't connect to Vigo. Vigo is from Porto. So from Salamanca we can attack Madrid. From Porto (if empty) we might not attack anything. From Sevilha, we can attack Cordoba [11].

So we have multiple possible targets. We need to decide which to attack first. We need to gather intelligence on Madrid and Cordoba. We last saw Madrid as neutral with 4 archers. Cordoba is neutral with 4 spearmen. Teruel is enemy with 2 archers, 2 knights. We also have unexplored villages that might be enemy.

Our win condition: hold 18 villages for 2 turns, or eliminate all enemy villages. We currently hold 8, will hold 10 next turn. We need 8 more. The neutral villages we can conquer: Salamanca (taking now), Vigo, Cordoba, Madrid. That's 4 neutrals. If we take all neutrals, we'd have 12 (assuming we keep our 8 plus these 4). Then we need 6 more from the enemy. The enemy has at least Toledo (which we're taking), Teruel, and likely others (Barcelona capital, and maybe Zaragoza, Valencia, etc.). So we need to conquer enemy villages. The enemy capital is Barcelona, but we don't need to take it if we eliminate all other enemy villages? Actually, "eliminate every enemy village" means all villages belonging to King B. So we must conquer all of them. That includes Barcelona. So we will need to attack Barcelona eventually. But for now, we can focus on the ones we know.

Let's think about the order of attacks. We have limited troops. We should try to conquer neutrals first because they are easier (no counterplay from enemy player, just static garrisons that grow over time). The neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type. We are on turn 7. They were last seen 5 turns ago? The report says for Salamanca: "effective defense (location bonus included): 10 (was 8, 5 turns ago)". So 5 turns ago it was 8, now 10. That means it gained +2? Actually, "every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type." So if it was 8 effective defense 5 turns ago, that might correspond to 4 archers? 4 archers defense 4 * 1.25 = 5? Wait, 4 archers defense 2 each = 8, village bonus 1.25 = 10. So "was 8" might be before the location bonus? Or maybe it was 3 archers? 3 archers defense 6 * 1.25 = 7.5, not 8. So the numbers might be rounded. Anyway, they are growing. So we should attack them sooner rather than later.

Now, let's decide on specific builds and movements for this turn.

Movements:
1. From Porto [6] to Salamanca [7]: send 2 knights. They will arrive next turn and attack Salamanca. We expect to win.
2. From Santarem [1] to Toledo [8]: already marching (1 spearman, 1 knight). We don't need to issue a new order for that; it's already on the way. But in the JSON, we only issue new orders. The existing march is already in progress. So we don't include it in movements unless we want to change it? The instructions: "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." So we only give orders for this turn. The marching armies from previous turns are already moving. We don't need to reissue them. So in our movements, we only list new marches we are ordering now.

3. We might want to send troops from other villages to reinforce the armies that are marching, or to attack other targets. For example, we could send troops from Coimbra to Porto to reinforce Porto after we send its knights. Or send troops from Evora to Sevilha to prepare for Cordoba attack. Or send troops from Badajoz to Toledo to backup the Santarem army? But as discussed, Badajoz only has 1 archer, which is not very useful. Maybe we should send that 1 archer to Salamanca instead? But Salamanca is being attacked by knights from Porto. If we send an archer from Badajoz to Salamanca, it would fight separately. The first fight would be the Porto knights. If they win, the archer might not fight. If they lose, the archer might fight. But 1 archer is weak. Better to send it somewhere else.

What about sending troops to reinforce our own villages? For example, after we send Porto's knights, Porto will be empty. We could send troops from Coimbra to Porto to defend it. Coimbra has 3 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. We could send, say, 1 spearman and 1 knight? Or just the knight? But we need to consider travel time. Coimbra to Porto: we need to know the distance. Let's estimate: In the "YOUR VILLAGES" for Porto, it says "from [6] Porto to your nearest border village [4] Badajoz: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". That's to Badajoz. To Coimbra, it's direct. The distance might be similar to Porto-Salamanca? Porto-Salamanca is 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So Coimbra-Porto might be 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast? Or maybe 2 slow? Let's look at the road network: Coimbra [3] connects to Porto [6] directly. There is no intermediate village. So it's likely a short distance. In many such games, direct connections between villages are often 1 turn for fast, 2 for slow. But we have data: from Coimbra to Salamanca [7] is 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. Salamanca is one hop from Coimbra? Actually, Coimbra connects to Salamanca directly. So Coimbra to Salamanca is 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So Coimbra to Porto, being also a direct connection, might be similar: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. Or maybe 1 slow? We don't know for sure. But we can check the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" for Porto: it says "march from [6] Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Vigo, and "from [6] Porto to your nearest border village [4] Badajoz: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". It doesn't give distance to Coimbra. But since Coimbra is our village, we might not have that info. However, in the "YOUR VILLAGES" for Coimbra, it gives distance to nearest border village Badajoz: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. That's via Santarem. It doesn't give distance to Porto. So we have to infer. Typically, the distance between directly connected villages is consistent with the terrain. Since we don't have exact numbers, we might need to avoid relying on precise travel times for routes we don't have data for. But we can still send troops; they will just take however long. We can plan to send them and they'll arrive eventually.

Given the uncertainty, maybe we should focus on attacks we know the timing for: Salamanca from Porto (1 turn), and we already have Toledo from Santarem (1 turn). We can also send troops from Badajoz to somewhere with known timing: Badajoz to Salamanca (1 turn), Badajoz to Toledo (1 turn), Badajoz to Sevilha (1 turn? Actually, Badajoz to Sevilha: road [4] to [5] Faro? No, Badajoz connects to [5] Faro and [9] Sevilha. The report for Sevilha says "march from [9] Sevilha: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Badajoz? Wait, in Sevilha's info: "from here to your nearest border village [4] Badajoz: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So Sevilha to Badajoz is 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So Badajoz to Sevilha is the same. So from Badajoz, we can send troops to Sevilha in 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. Or to Toledo in 1 turn (as per Salamanca's info: "march from [4] Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Salamanca? Actually, that's to Salamanca. To Toledo, it's also 1 turn? In Toledo's info: "march from [4] Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So Badajoz to Toledo is 1 turn. So Badajoz is well-positioned to attack both Toledo and Salamanca.

What about from Santarem? Santarem to Badajoz is 1 turn (as per Santarem's info: "from here to your nearest border village [4] Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"). Santarem to Toledo is also 1 turn? Actually, the marching army from Santarem to Toledo is arriving in 1 turn, so yes.

So we have good mobility in the central area.

Now, let's consider building strategies. We need to produce troops to replace losses and grow. We have been taking losses: last turn we lost 2 troops at Sevilha and 1 at Porto. Our total troops at home are 19 + 5 marching. We need to rebuild.

We should build in all villages that can, to maximize growth. But we need to specify which type to build. We should build troops that are useful for our next attacks. Since we are about to attack Salamanca (knights needed) and then Madrid (knights needed) and Cordoba (archers needed) and Vigo (spearmen needed), we need a mix. But we can't build everything everywhere. Let's assign roles:

- Northern front (Salamanca, Madrid, Vigo): We need knights for Madrid, spearmen for Vigo. We can build knights in Santarem and Evora? Evora is far from Vigo. Better to build spearmen near Vigo: Coimbra can build spearmen. Porto cannot build, but we can send spearmen from Coimbra to Porto. For knights, we can build in Santarem and send to Toledo/Salamanca.

- Southern front (Cordoba, Teruel): We need archers for Cordoba, knights for Teruel. We can build archers in Evora, Faro, and send to Sevilha. We can build knights in Santarem or Badajoz and send south.

But we also need to consider that our villages have limited resources. We should build what they can efficiently build. For example, Coimbra has iron 20, so it cannot build knights (need 30 iron). It can build archers (need 10 iron) or spearman (0 iron). So Coimbra is best for spearman or archer. Since we need spearmen for Vigo, building spearman in Coimbra makes sense. Santarem has iron 30, so it can build knights. Badajoz has iron 30, can build knights. Evora has iron 30, can build knights or archers. Faro has iron 30, can build knights or archers. Lisboa has iron 20, can build archers or spearman.

So we can build knights in Santarem, Badajoz, Evora, Faro. Build archers in Lisboa, Evora, Faro, Coimbra. Build spearman in Lisboa, Coimbra, Santarem, Badajoz, Evora, Faro.

To maximize flexibility, maybe we should build a mix. But we need to decide now.

Let's list our planned builds for this turn:

- Lisboa [0]: build 2 spearmen? Or 1 archer? Since Lisboa is far, we might build troops that are generally useful. Archers are useful for Cordoba. But we can also build archers closer to Cordoba (Evora, Faro). So maybe build spearmen in Lisboa to send to the north? But sending spearmen from Lisboa to the north would take many turns: Lisboa -> Santarem -> Coimbra -> Porto -> Vigo. That's long. Better to build spearmen in Coimbra. So Lisboa could build archers to send south? Lisboa -> Evora -> Faro -> Sevilha -> Cordoba. Also long. Actually, Lisboa is somewhat central? It connects to Santarem and Evora. So it can send to both directions. But travel times: to Santarem is 1 turn? Lisboa to Santarem: "from [0] Lisboa to your nearest border village [4] Badajoz: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" via Santarem? Actually, Lisboa to Badajoz is via Santarem: Lisboa -> Santarem -> Badajoz. The distance given is 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So Lisboa to Santarem is part of that. Probably Lisboa to Santarem is 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast? Not sure. But we can send troops from Lisboa to Santarem, and then they can go further. So Lisboa can contribute.

- Santarem [1]: build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). We have wood 40, iron 30. After building, wood 10, iron 0. That's okay. We can send the new knight to Toledo or somewhere.

- Evora [2]: build 2 archers? Or 1 knight? Evora has wood 40, iron 30. If we build 2 archers: cost 40 wood, 20 iron -> wood 0, iron 10 left. If we build 1 knight: cost 30 wood, 30 iron -> wood 10, iron 0. We need archers for Cordoba. So building 2 archers in Evora could be good. Then we can send them to Sevilha or directly to Cordoba. But Evora to Cordoba: Evora -> Faro -> Sevilha -> Cordoba. That's 3 hops. Or we could send them to Sevilha for reinforcement. Let's build 2 archers in Evora.

- Coimbra [3]: build 2 spearmen (30 wood, 0 iron). Wood 40 -> 10 left, iron 20 left. We need spearmen for Vigo. So build spearmen here.

- Badajoz [4]: build 1 knight? Or 2 archers? Badajoz has wood 40, iron 30. It's on the border. We might want to build troops to send to Madrid or Cordoba. Since we need knights for Madrid, building a knight here could be good. Or we could build archers for Cordoba. Let's see: we already have knights from Porto going to Salamanca, and we are building a knight in Santarem. We might need more knights for Madrid. But Madrid is 4 archers, so we need knights to counter. If we attack Madrid from Salamanca or Toledo, we'll need knights. We can send knights from Badajoz to Salamanca or Toledo. So building a knight in Badajoz is useful. Let's build 1 knight in Badajoz.

- Faro [5]: build 2 archers? Or 1 knight? Faro has wood 40, iron 30. It's near Sevilha. We need archers for Cordoba. So building 2 archers in Faro makes sense. Then we can send them to Sevilha or Cordoba.

- Porto [6]: cannot build.

- Sevilha [9]: cannot build.

So builds:
- Lisboa: maybe build 1 archer? Or 2 spearmen? Let's decide: We need to decide what to send where. We have many villages building. We should also consider that we need to send troops to the front. We can't just build and leave them at home; we need to move them to the border villages to launch attacks. But we can only send troops from a village if they are available. So we need to specify movements as well.

Movements:
We already have Porto -> Salamanca: 2 knights.
We have Santarem -> Toledo: already marching (1 spearman, 1 knight) - not a new order.

What new movements should we order?

We need to prepare for attacks on Madrid, Cordoba, Vigo, Teruel. We can start marching troops now to staging areas.

For example, to attack Vigo (needs spearmen), we can send spearmen from Coimbra to Porto. Coimbra has 3 spearman available. We could send, say, 2 spearman to Porto. They will take some turns to arrive. Then from Porto they can attack Vigo. But we need to know the travel time from Coimbra to Porto. Since we don't have exact data, we can still order it; the game will use the actual distance. But in the JSON, we just specify from and to and troops. So we can do that.

To attack Cordoba (needs archers), we can send archers from Evora or Faro to Sevilha. Sevilha will have troops from Faro arriving next turn (1 spearman, 2 archers). We can also send archers from Evora to Sevilha, or directly to Cordoba? But we can only attack Cordoba from Sevilha or Toledo. If we send from Evora to Cordoba, the path goes through Sevilha, so the army would stop at Sevilha if it's not ours? But Sevilha is ours, so it would pass through? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." Since Sevilha is ours, it would not stop there; it would continue. But wait: "You cannot march past an enemy or neutral village to hit one behind it." So if all villages on the path are ours, we can march through. But if there is an enemy or neutral, we stop. So from Evora to Cordoba: Evora -> Faro (ours) -> Sevilha (ours) -> Cordoba (neutral). So the first non ours is Cordoba, so we can go all the way to Cordoba. But we need to consider travel time. It might be faster to send them to Sevilha and then next turn attack Cordoba from there. But we can also order them directly to Cordoba. However, we need to have enough troops to win. Let's compute the battle for Cordoba.

Cordoba: garrison 4 spearmen. Effective defense 10 (as given). To win, we need effective attack > 10. We need archers (to counter spearmen). If we attack with archers, we get counter bonus. Suppose we send X archers. Each archer has attack 2. Total attack = 2X. With counter bonus (archer counters spearman), effective attack = 2X * 1.5 = 3X. We need 3X > 10 => X >= 4 (since 3*3=9, 3*4=12). So we need at least 4 archers to win. If we send a mix, we might need more. So we need to gather 4 archers. We currently have archers available: Santarem: 1 archer; Evora: 1 archer (plus we can build 2 more); Coimbra: 1 archer; Badajoz: 1 archer; Faro: 1 archer (plus build 2 more); Sevilha: 0 archers at home but will receive 2 from Faro next turn; Lisboa: 0 archers but can build 1. So we can potentially gather many archers. But we need to get them to Cordoba.

Alternatively, we could attack Cordoba from Toledo after we conquer it. Toledo will have no garrison initially (we will conquer it), but we can send troops from there. Toledo connects to Cordoba directly: [8] Toledo to [11] Cordoba: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast? In Cordoba's info: "march from [11] Cordoba: ..."? Actually, the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" for Cordoba says: "march from [9] Sevilha: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". It doesn't give from Toledo, but since Toledo is connected, it's probably similar. So from Toledo to Cordoba is likely 1 turn for medium/fast. So if we take Toledo, we can send troops from Toledo to Cordoba next turn. But we need to have troops in Toledo. We can send troops from our other villages to Toledo to reinforce it after conquering. So one strategy: conquer Toledo, then send archers from Badajoz, Santarem, etc. to Toledo, and then attack Cordoba.

But we also have the option to attack Cordoba from Sevilha. Sevilha will have 3 spearman, 2 archers, 1 knight next turn (after Faro's march). We could send some of those archers to Cordoba. But we need 4 archers to win. Sevilha will have 2 archers. We could send those 2, plus send 2 more from Evora or Faro. So we need to coordinate.

Let's think about the timing. We are on turn 7. We issue orders now. Next turn (turn 8), we will see results of attacks and marches. We want to attack multiple things. We can only issue one set of orders per turn. So we need to plan a sequence.

Possible sequence:
Turn 7 (now): 
- Build troops in various villages.
- Send Porto's 2 knights to Salamanca (arrive turn 8, attack Salamanca).
- Send some troops to reinforce Toledo? Actually, the Santarem army is already marching to Toledo, arriving turn 8. We could send additional troops from other villages to Toledo to arrive later, but they would fight separately. Or we could send them to Badajoz or Santarem to prepare for next attacks.
- Send archers from somewhere to Sevilha or Cordoba? But Cordoba is neutral; we can attack it now. Should we attack Cordoba this turn? We can send troops from Sevilha or Badajoz or Toledo? But Toledo is still enemy, so we can't send from there. From Badajoz to Cordoba: path Badajoz -> Toledo -> Cordoba? Or Badajoz -> Sevilha -> Cordoba? The road: Badajoz [4] connects to [5] Faro, [9] Sevilha, [8] Toledo. So to get to Cordoba [11], we can go via Toledo or via Sevilha. If we go via Toledo, we would have to fight Toledo first (since it's enemy). So we cannot bypass Toledo. If we go via Sevilha, it's ours, so we can go through. So from Badajoz, we can send troops to Cordoba via Sevilha. Travel time: Badajoz to Sevilha is 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast (as per Sevilha's info). Then Sevilha to Cordoba is 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So total from Badajoz to Cordoba via Sevilha is 3 slow/2 medium/2 fast? Actually, we need to sum the times? The rule: "Travel time is measured along the roads". So we need to add the travel times for each segment. But the report gives times from a village to another village directly connected? Actually, the times given are for specific point-to-point. For example, from Badajoz to Sevilha, the time is given in Sevilha's info: "march from [9] Sevilha: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Badajoz? Wait, it says "from here to your nearest border village [4] Badajoz: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That's the time from Sevilha to Badajoz. So the reverse is the same. So Badajoz to Sevilha is 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. Then Sevilha to Cordoba is 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast (from Cordoba's info: "march from [9] Sevilha: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Cordoba? Actually, Cordoba's info says: "march from [9] Sevilha: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So Sevilha to Cordoba is 1 turn for all types? Actually "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast" means slow troops take 1 turn, medium 1, fast 1. So it's a 1-turn march for any troop type. So Badajoz to Cordoba via Sevilha: Badajoz to Sevilha: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. Then Sevilha to Cordoba: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So total time: for slow troops, 2+1=3 turns; for medium, 1+1=2 turns; for fast, 1+1=2 turns. So it would take 2-3 turns. That's a while. We could send troops now, but they wouldn't arrive until turn 9 or 10. Meanwhile, we could attack Cordoba from Sevilha next turn if we have troops there. Sevilha will have archers from Faro arriving next turn. So we could send those archers from Sevilha to Cordoba next turn (on turn 8). They would arrive on turn 9 (since 1 turn march). So that might be better.

What about attacking Vigo? Vigo is from Porto. Porto is sending its knights to Salamanca, leaving Porto empty. We could send spearmen from Coimbra to Porto now, but they would take some turns. Then from Porto to Vigo is 1 turn. So if we send spearmen from Coimbra now, they might arrive at Porto on turn 8 or 9, then we can send them to Vigo on turn 9, arriving turn 10. That's slow. Alternatively, we could send spearmen from another village directly to Vigo? But the only village connected to Vigo is Porto [6]. So we must go through Porto. So we need to get troops to Porto first. Coimbra is the closest. We could also send spearmen from Santarem to Coimbra to Porto, but that's even more hops. So we should start moving spearmen to Porto now.

What about attacking Madrid? Madrid is connected to Salamanca [7], Toledo [8], Burgos [14], Zaragoza [17]. We can attack it from Salamanca or Toledo. Salamanca we are taking next turn. So from Salamanca, we can attack Madrid. We need knights for Madrid (4 archers). We can send knights from Porto? But Porto's knights are going to Salamanca. After they conquer Salamanca, they will be in Salamanca. So they could then attack Madrid from Salamanca. That's perfect: the same knights can attack Salamanca and then, if they survive, they can attack Madrid next turn. But they might take losses. We need to see if they can take Salamanca with few losses. Let's compute the battle for Salamanca with 2 knights.

Salamanca: 4 archers, effective defense 10.
Our attack: 2 knights. Attack per knight = 4, total = 8. Most numerous: knight (2). Defender most numerous: archer (4). Knight counters archer, so we get counter bonus: effective attack = 8 * 1.5 = 12. Defender effective = 10. We win (12 > 10). Losses: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." The rule doesn't specify the formula, but typically losses are a fraction of the loser's force. We might lose some knights. Let's assume we lose some. But we should still win. After winning, we conquer Salamanca. The surviving knights will be in Salamanca. Then next turn, we can send them to attack Madrid from Salamanca. Madrid has 4 archers, effective defense 10 (probably, since it was 8 five turns ago? Actually, Madrid last seen: neutral, garrison 4 archers, effective defense? The report says for Madrid: "last seen on turn 6: NEUTRAL, garrison was 4 archers". It doesn't give effective defense, but we can assume similar to Salamanca: 4 archers -> effective defense 10 (if village). So it would be similar. Our 2 knights might not be enough if they took losses. We might need to reinforce. So we should send more knights to Salamanca after it's conquered, or send them to attack Madrid from Toledo.

We also have the option to attack Teruel. Teruel is enemy, last seen 2 archers, 2 knights. We need to eliminate it. We can attack from Toledo after taking it. Toledo to Teruel: [8] to [13]: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast? In Teruel's info: "march from [4] Badajoz: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" to Teruel? Actually, Teruel's info says: "march from [4] Badajoz: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". But from Toledo, it's connected: [8] Toledo to [13] Teruel. The distance is not given, but likely 1 or 2 turns. We can send troops from Toledo to Teruel after conquering it.

So the plan could be: use the northern thrust: take Salamanca with Porto's knights, take Toledo with Santarem's army. Then from Salamanca, attack Madrid; from Toledo, attack Cordoba or Teruel. Meanwhile, in the south, we have Sevilha and Faro building up archers to take Cordoba. And in the west, we start moving spearmen to Porto to eventually take Vigo.

We also need to consider that the enemy might do something. They might attack our villages. We should keep some defensive troops in our villages, especially those near the border. Currently, our border villages are Badajoz (border with Toledo), and maybe others. After we take Toledo, the border will shift. The enemy might have other villages we don't see. They could attack Badajoz or other places. We should ensure Badajoz has enough troops to defend. Currently Badajoz has 1 archer at home. We can build more there and leave them. We are planning to build 1 knight in Badajoz. Should we leave it there or send it? If we send it, Badajoz might be weak. But if we leave it, it can defend. Let's think: Badajoz's effective defense is 3 (as given). That's low. If the enemy attacks, they might take it. We should reinforce Badajoz. We can send troops from Santarem or Coimbra to Badajoz. Santarem is close (1 turn). We could send some troops from Santarem to Badajoz instead of to Toledo. But we already have troops marching to Toledo. We might want to send a separate force to Badajoz to defend it. Or we can build in Badajoz and leave the troops there.

Let's decide on a comprehensive plan.

Goal for turn 7 orders:
- Build troops to reinforce our villages and prepare for attacks.
- Send Porto's 2 knights to Salamanca (attack).
- Send some troops to Badajoz to reinforce it? For example, from Santarem: we have 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight available. We could send, say, the 1 spearman and 1 archer to Badajoz. They would take 1 turn to arrive (since Santarem to Badajoz is 1 turn for all? Actually, Santarem to Badajoz: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast). So they would arrive next turn. That would give Badajoz more troops. But then Santarem would have only 1 knight left at home. That might be okay.
- Send archers from Evora to Sevilha to prepare for Cordoba attack. Evora has 1 archer available now, and we can build 2 more. But builds take 1 turn, so the new archers won't be available until next turn. So we can only send the existing 1 archer now. We could send it to Sevilha. Travel time: Evora to Sevilha: Evora -> Faro -> Sevilha. That's 2 hops. We don't know the exact time, but likely 2 turns for slow? Actually, Evora to Faro: direct connection [2] to [5]. Distance? Not given. But we can send it anyway.
- Send spearmen from Coimbra to Porto to start the Vigo campaign. Coimbra has 3 spearman available. We can send, say, 2 spearman to Porto. Travel time unknown, but they'll get there.
- Build knights in Santarem and Badajoz? But if we send Santarem's troops away, we might not want to build there. Actually, building is separate from sending. We can build in Santarem even if we send its existing troops. The new build will be available next turn. So we can build in Santarem now, and next turn we can send the new troops.

Let's list all available troops and resources to make optimal decisions.

We need to output JSON with "build", "movements", "plan", "statement".

Let's design the builds first.

We want to maximize our army. We should build in every village that can build, unless we want to save resources for some reason. But resources are per village, and they produce every turn. If we don't build, the resources accumulate, but there's no benefit to having large stockpiles except to build later. Since we want to grow quickly, we should build as much as possible each turn, as long as we can use the troops.

But we need to consider the troop cap: 300 per village. We are far from that.

So let's decide builds:

- Lisboa [0]: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 2 spearmen (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Which is more useful? We need spearmen for Vigo, archers for Cordoba. We can build spearmen closer to Vigo (Coimbra) and archers closer to Cordoba (Evora, Faro). So Lisboa might build something to send to the nearest front. Lisboa is connected to Santarem and Evora. It could send to either. Maybe build 1 archer to send to Evora or Santarem? Or build 2 spearmen to send to Santarem? Let's see what we need. We are already building 2 spearmen in Coimbra. We might need more spearmen later. But we can also build spearmen in other places. I think building 2 spearmen in Lisboa is fine, and we can send them to Santarem, and then to Coimbra/Porto. Or we could build 1 archer and save 10 wood? Actually, 1 archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron, leaving 10 wood, 10 iron. That's okay. But we might want to use the iron later for knights. Since Lisboa cannot build knights (need 30 iron), it's better to build archers or spearmen. I'll build 2 spearmen in Lisboa. They can be sent north later.

- Santarem [1]: wood 40, iron 30. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 2 spearmen (30 wood). We need knights for Madrid and Teruel. So building a knight is good. Let's build 1 knight.

- Evora [2]: wood 40, iron 30. Can build 1 knight or 2 archers or 2 spearmen. We need archers for Cordoba. So build 2 archers. (Cost 40 wood, 20 iron, leaving 10 iron.)

- Coimbra [3]: wood 40, iron 20. Can build 2 spearmen (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). We need spearmen for Vigo. Build 2 spearmen. (Cost 30 wood, leaving 10 wood, 20 iron.)

- Badajoz [4]: wood 40, iron 30. Can build 1 knight or 2 archers or 2 spearmen. We need knights for Madrid. But we also might want to reinforce Badajoz itself. If we build a knight, we can leave it in Badajoz for defense, or send it to Salamanca/Toledo. Let's build 1 knight and leave it in Badajoz for now (or send it later).

- Faro [5]: wood 40, iron 30. Can build 1 knight or 2 archers or 2 spearmen. We need archers for Cordoba. Build 2 archers. (Cost 40 wood, 20 iron, leaving 10 iron.)

- Porto [6]: cannot build.

- Sevilha [9]: cannot build.

So builds summary:
Lisboa: 2 spearman
Santarem: 1 knight
Evora: 2 archers
Coimbra: 2 spearman
Badajoz: 1 knight
Faro: 2 archers

Now, movements. We need to send troops to attack or reinforce.

We already have:
- Porto -> Salamanca: 2 knights (new order)
- Santarem -> Toledo: already marching, not in our orders.

What new movements?

We need to consider where to send the available troops from each village. We can send troops from a village even if we just built them? No, builds take 1 turn, so the newly built troops are not available until next turn. The "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" lists only the troops currently at home. So for this turn's movements, we can only send the troops that are available now (the ones listed under "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW"). The newly built ones will be available next turn.

So let's list what we can send now from each village:

- Lisboa: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. (Wait, the report says: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight". So Lisboa has 1 knight at home! But earlier I thought it had 1 knight? The report says: "troops at home: 1 / 300" and available: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. So yes, 1 knight. So we can send that 1 knight from Lisboa. That's interesting. We could send it to Santarem or Evora to reinforce, or directly to a target.

- Santarem: available: 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. (The marching out 1 spearman, 1 knight are not available.)

- Evora: available: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight.

- Coimbra: available: 3 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.

- Badajoz: available: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight.

- Faro: available: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight. (The marching out 1 spearman, 2 archers are not available.)

- Porto: available: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight. (We are sending these to Salamanca.)

- Sevilha: available: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight.

So we have quite a few troops available to send now.

We need to decide where to send them to maximize our immediate and near-term goals.

Immediate attacks that will happen next turn:
- Salamanca (from Porto): we are sending 2 knights. That's good.
- Toledo (from Santarem): already marching 1 spearman, 1 knight. That will attack Toledo.

We can also launch an attack on another target this turn, to arrive next turn or later. For example, we could attack Cordoba from Sevilha or Badajoz. Or attack Vigo from Porto (but Porto is sending its only troops to Salamanca, so it will have none left to attack Vigo). Or attack Madrid from somewhere? But Madrid is not directly connected to any of our villages except via Salamanca or Toledo, which we don't hold yet. So we cannot attack Madrid this turn.

What about attacking Cordoba from Sevilha? Sevilha has 2 spearman, 1 knight available. But to attack Cordoba, we need archers. Sending spearman and knight would be ineffective because spearman is countered by archer? Actually, Cordoba has spearmen. Against spearmen, archers counter. Spearman does not counter spearman; knight counters archer. So against spearmen, we want archers. If we send spearmen, they have attack 1, no counter. If we send knights, they have attack 4, but knight does not counter spearman (knight counters archer). So knights would be neutral. Let's compute: If we send 2 spearman, 1 knight from Sevilha to Cordoba. Total attack: 2*1 + 4 = 6. Most numerous: spearman (2) vs defender spearman (4). No counter for either. Effective attack = 6. Defender effective = 10. We lose. If we send only the knight: attack 4, most numerous knight vs defender spearman. Knight does not counter spearman, so no bonus. Effective attack = 4. Lose. If we send only the 2 spearmen: attack 2, lose. So Sevilha cannot take Cordoba now. We need archers. We have 1 archer available in Evora, 1 in Badajoz, 1 in Faro, 1 in Coimbra, 1 in Santarem. We could gather archers and send them to Sevilha, then attack Cordoba. But they would take time to get to Sevilha. For example, send archers from Evora to Sevilha: Evora -> Faro -> Sevilha. That's 2 hops. Travel time unknown, but likely 2 turns. So they wouldn't arrive until turn 9. Then we could attack Cordoba on turn 9 or 10. That's okay.

Alternatively, we could attack Cordoba from Badajoz via Sevilha, but that's even longer.

What about attacking Teruel? Teruel is enemy. We can attack it from Badajoz? Badajoz to Teruel: road goes Badajoz -> Toledo -> Teruel? Or Badajoz -> Sevilha -> Cordoba -> Teruel? Actually, Teruel [13] connects to [8] Toledo, [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon. So from Badajoz, the shortest path is via Toledo. But Toledo is enemy, so we would have to attack Toledo first. So we cannot attack Teruel until we take Toledo. After we take Toledo, we can attack Teruel from Toledo. So that's for later.

What about attacking Vigo? Vigo is from Porto. Porto is sending its knights to Salamanca. So Porto will be empty. We could send troops from Coimbra to Porto now, and then from Porto to Vigo? But they would have to fight Vigo when they arrive. If we send from Coimbra to Vigo directly? The path: Coimbra -> Porto -> Vigo. Since Porto is ours, we can march through. So we could send troops from Coimbra directly to Vigo. They would stop at Vigo (first non ours) and fight. Travel time: Coimbra to Porto to Vigo. We don't know the exact time, but we can order it. Let's see what troops to send. Vigo has 4 knights. We need spearmen to counter knights. Coimbra has 3 spearman available. We could send, say, 2 or 3 spearman to Vigo. They would take some turns. If we send 3 spearman, total attack 3. Most numerous spearman vs defender knight. Spearman counters knight, so we get counter bonus: effective attack = 3 * 1.5 = 4.5. Defender effective = 10 (4 knights, defense 2 each = 8, village bonus 1.25 = 10). 4.5 < 10, we lose. So we need more spearmen. To win, we need effective attack > 10. With spearmen, each has attack 1, with counter bonus 1.5, so effective attack per spearman = 1.5. We need >10, so at least 7 spearmen (7*1.5=10.5). But we also need to consider that we might have some knights or archers along, but they would change the most numerous type. If we send a mix, we need to ensure spearman is most numerous to keep the counter bonus. So we need a lot of spearmen. We don't have that many available now. We have 3 in Coimbra, 1 in Santarem, 2 in Sevilha, 2 in Lisboa (but Lisboa's are not built yet). So we need to build up spearmen. So attacking Vigo now is not feasible. We should wait until we have enough spearmen.

What about reinforcing our villages? We might want to send troops to Badajoz to strengthen its defense. Badajoz currently has 1 archer. We could send troops from Santarem or Coimbra. Santarem is close. We could send the 1 spearman and 1 archer from Santarem to Badajoz. That would give Badajoz more troops. Or we could send the knight from Santarem? But we might want to keep the knight for offense. Let's think about the enemy's potential attacks. The enemy is King B. We know they have Toledo (which we are attacking), Teruel, and likely others. They might attack our villages to relieve pressure. Our border villages are Badajoz (border with Toledo), and maybe others? After we take Toledo, the border will be different. But for now, Badajoz is the only one marked as "BORDER with [8] (enemy)". So it's the most likely target for enemy counterattack. We should reinforce it. We can send troops from Santarem (1 turn) or Coimbra (2 turns) or Lisboa (2 turns). Santarem is the quickest. So let's send some troops from Santarem to Badajoz. How many? Santarem has 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight available. We could send the spearman and archer, keeping the knight for offense. Or send all three to maximize defense. Badajoz's effective defense is currently 3 (with 1 archer). If we send 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight, that adds defense: spearman defense 2, archer defense 2, knight defense 2. Total defense 6, plus location bonus 1.25? Actually, effective defense given includes bonus. The report says Badajoz effective defense: 3. That's with 1 archer? 1 archer defense 2 * 1.25 = 2.5, rounded to 3. If we add more troops, the effective defense will increase. We want to make Badajoz hard to take. But we also need troops to attack. We have to balance.

Perhaps we should send the 1 knight from Santarem to Badajoz for defense, and use the spearman and archer for attack? But we don't have an immediate attack to send them to. We could send them to Toledo to reinforce after its conquest? But they would have to wait until Toledo is ours. We could send them to Santarem itself? No.

Another idea: Send troops from Coimbra to Porto to start building up Porto's garrison. Coimbra has 3 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. We could send, say, 2 spearman and 1 archer to Porto. That would give Porto some troops. Then Porto can later send troops to Vigo or defend itself. But Porto is interior, so less urgent.

What about sending troops to Evora or Faro to prepare for Cordoba? We can send the archers from Evora, Badajoz, Faro, Coimbra to Sevilha. But they will take time. We could send them directly to Cordoba? But we need to win the battle. If we send a mixed group, we need to ensure we have enough archers. Let's see if we can gather enough archers to attack Cordoba now. We have available archers: Lisboa 0, Santarem 1, Evora 1, Coimbra 1, Badajoz 1, Faro 1. That's 5 archers total available now. If we send them all to Cordoba, they would fight as one army? But they are from different villages, so they would fight separately unless they are all from the same village. We could send them all to Sevilha first, and then from Sevilha to Cordoba as a single army. But that takes time. Alternatively, we could send them directly to Cordoba from their respective villages, but they would arrive at different times and fight separately. That would be bad because each individual army might lose. So we need to concentrate them.

We could send all available archers to a single village, say Sevilha, and then next turn send them all from Sevilha to Cordoba. But we can only send from one village per turn? Actually, we can issue multiple movement orders from different villages in the same turn. So we can send archers from Evora, Coimbra, Badajoz, Faro, Santarem all to Sevilha this turn. They will all march to Sevilha, arriving at different times? They will each take the travel time from their origin to Sevilha. They will arrive on different turns. Then when they are all in Sevilha, we can send them together. But we need to wait until they gather. That might take several turns. Meanwhile, the neutral Cordoba is growing. So we should try to attack it as soon as possible.

What if we send a single strong army from one village that can reach Cordoba in one turn? For example, from Badajoz, we could send troops to Cordoba via Sevilha, but that takes multiple turns. From Sevilha, we can send troops to Cordoba in 1 turn. So if we can get enough archers into Sevilha by this turn, we could send them from Sevilha to Cordoba next turn. But we can only send from Sevilha the troops that are currently in Sevilha. Sevilha currently has 0 archers available (it has 2 spearman, 1 knight). So we cannot send archers from Sevilha now. We could send archers from other villages to Sevilha now, and they will arrive next turn or later. Then next turn, we can send them from Sevilha to Cordoba. So the earliest we can attack Cordoba with a concentrated force is turn 9 or 10.

Alternatively, we could attack Cordoba from Toledo after we take it. Toledo will be ours next turn. We can send archers from other villages to Toledo now, and they will arrive at Toledo on various turns. Then from Toledo, we can attack Cordoba. But again, we need to gather archers.

Given the complexity, maybe we should focus on the northern front first, since we have immediate attacks there (Salamanca and Toledo). After those, we can pivot.

Let's consider the enemy's possible actions. The enemy might attack Badajoz. To deter that, we should reinforce Badajoz. Also, the enemy might attack our other villages? We don't see any enemy armies on the march, so they might be preparing something. We should be cautious.

I think a good strategy for this turn is:
- Send Porto's 2 knights to Salamanca (attack).
- Send Santarem's 1 spearman and 1 archer to Badajoz to reinforce it. (Keep the knight in Santarem for now, or send it also? Let's send spearman and archer to Badajoz.)
- Send Coimbra's 3 spearman and 1 archer to Porto to reinforce Porto and prepare for Vigo. (Or send them directly to Vigo? But they might not be enough. Better to send to Porto first.)
- Send Evora's 1 archer and 2 knights? We have 1 archer, 2 knights available in Evora. We could send the archer to Sevilha (for Cordoba) and the knights to Badajoz or Santarem? Or send them to Sevilha to reinforce. Let's send Evora's archer to Sevilha, and maybe the knights to Badajoz? But Badajoz might get too many troops. We could send the knights to Santarem to keep them mobile.
- Send Badajoz's 1 archer to somewhere? Badajoz itself has 1 archer; we could leave it there for defense, or send it to Toledo? But Toledo is enemy, so sending it to Toledo would mean it fights there. If we send it to Toledo, it would arrive next turn and fight separately. That could be a backup if the Santarem army fails. But 1 archer is weak. Maybe send it to Salamanca? But Salamanca is being attacked by knights; an archer might not be useful. Better to leave it in Badajoz for defense.
- Send Faro's 1 archer to Sevilha.
- Send Lisboa's 1 knight to Santarem or Badajoz? Lisboa has 1 knight. We could send it to Santarem to reinforce, and then from Santarem to somewhere. Or send it directly to Badajoz? Lisboa to Badajoz: via Santarem, 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So knight would take 1 fast turn? Actually, knight is fast, so from Lisboa to Badajoz takes 1 fast turn? The report says from Lisboa to Badajoz: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So fast troops take 1 turn. So Lisboa's knight could reach Badajoz next turn. That would be a good reinforcement for Badajoz. So send Lisboa's knight to Badajoz.
- Send Sevilha's 2 spearman, 1 knight to somewhere? We could send them to Cordoba? But as computed, they would lose. We could send them to reinforce Faro or something. Or keep them in Sevilha for defense. Sevilha is interior, so maybe not needed. But we might want to send them to attack Cordoba later. For now, we can leave them in Sevilha, or send the spearman to Faro to be closer to Cordoba? Actually, we want to gather archers in Sevilha. Sending spearman there doesn't help. We could send Sevilha's spearman to Faro or Evora to free up space? No.

Let's rethink: We need to start building up armies to attack the neutrals. We have four neutrals: Salamanca (being attacked), Vigo, Cordoba, Madrid. We need to allocate forces to each.

- Salamanca: taking with Porto's knights. After taking, those knights will be there. We can reinforce them later.
- Madrid: from Salamanca or Toledo. We'll need knights. We can build knights in Santarem, Badajoz, and send them to Salamanca or Toledo.
- Cordoba: from Sevilha or Toledo. Need archers. We can build archers in Evora, Faro, and send them to Sevilha or Toledo.
- Vigo: from Porto. Need spearmen. We can build spearmen in Coimbra, Lisboa, and send them to Porto.

So we should start moving troops to the staging areas.

For Vigo: Send spearmen from Coimbra to Porto. Coimbra has 3 spearman available. Send all 3 to Porto. Also, we have spearmen in Lisboa (not built yet), Santarem (1), Sevilha (2). We could send Santarem's spearman to Coimbra to replace? Or send directly to Porto? But Santarem to Porto: Santarem -> Coimbra -> Porto. That's 2 hops. Coimbra is closer. So let's send Coimbra's 3 spearman to Porto. Also, we might want to send the 1 archer from Coimbra to somewhere else, maybe to Sevilha for Cordoba? But Coimbra's archer could go to Porto? Not needed for Vigo. Send it to Sevilha? Coimbra to Sevilha: Coimbra -> Santarem -> Badajoz -> Sevilha? That's long. Or Coimbra -> Porto -> Vigo? No. Better to send archers from villages closer to Sevilha.

For Cordoba: We need archers in Sevilha. We have archers available in Evora (1), Faro (1), Badajoz (1), Santarem (1), Coimbra (1). We should send them to Sevilha. But travel times: 
- Evora to Sevilha: Evora -> Faro -> Sevilha. 2 hops.
- Faro to Sevilha: 1 hop (Faro connects to Sevilha? Road: [5] Faro: [2], [4], [9]. So Faro connects directly to Sevilha [9]! Yes, [5] Faro connects to [9] Sevilha. So Faro to Sevilha is a direct road. Travel time: from Sevilha's info, "from [9] Sevilha to your nearest border village [4] Badajoz: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That's to Badajoz. To Faro, it's direct. We don't have the time given, but likely it's short. Probably 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast? Let's check: In the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" for Cordoba, it says "march from [9] Sevilha: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Cordoba. It doesn't give to Faro. But since they are directly connected, it's probably similar: 1 turn for all? Or maybe 2 for slow? We can assume it's at least 1 turn. So Faro's archer can reach Sevilha in 1 turn (if medium/fast) or maybe 2. 
- Badajoz to Sevilha: direct? Badajoz [4] connects to [9] Sevilha? Yes, road: [4] Badajoz: [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. So direct connection. Travel time: from Sevilha's info, Sevilha to Badajoz is 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So Badajoz to Sevilha is the same: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So Badajoz's archer would take 1 turn if it's medium? Archer is medium, so 1 turn. So Badajoz's archer can reach Sevilha next turn.
- Santarem to Sevilha: Santarem -> Badajoz -> Sevilha, or Santarem -> Coimbra -> Porto -> Faro -> Sevilha? The shortest is via Badajoz: Santarem to Badajoz is 1 turn (1 slow/1 medium/1 fast), then Badajoz to Sevilha is 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So total: for medium, 1+1=2 turns. So Santarem's archer would take 2 turns.
- Coimbra to Sevilha: Coimbra -> Porto -> Faro -> Sevilha, or Coimbra -> Santarem -> Badajoz -> Sevilha. Both are long.
- Lisboa to Sevilha: Lisboa -> Evora -> Faro -> Sevilha, or Lisboa -> Santarem -> Badajoz -> Sevilha. Long.

So the closest archers to Sevilha are from Faro (1 turn) and Badajoz (1 turn). Evora is 2 turns? Evora to Faro: direct [2] to [5]. Travel time unknown, but likely 1-2 turns. So Evora's archer might take 2 turns.

So to quickly reinforce Sevilha, we should send Faro's archer and Badajoz's archer to Sevilha now. They will arrive next turn. Then next turn, Sevilha will have those 2 archers plus its own? But Sevilha currently has 0 archers. After receiving, it will have 2 archers. We also have Faro's marching army (1 spearman, 2 archers) arriving at Sevilha next turn! That's 2 more archers. So next turn, Sevilha could have up to 4 archers (2 from Faro's march, plus Badajoz's and Faro's sent now). That would be enough to attack Cordoba! Let's check: Faro's marching army: 1 spearman, 2 archers. They are from Faro, arriving at Sevilha next turn. So on turn 8, Sevilha will receive those. If we also send Faro's available archer (1) and Badajoz's archer (1) to Sevilha now, they will also arrive on turn 8 (since both are 1 turn away). So on turn 8, Sevilha will have: the 1 spearman, 2 archers from Faro's march, plus 1 archer from Faro, plus 1 archer from Badajoz. That's 1 spearman, 4 archers! Plus Sevilha's own troops: 2 spearman, 1 knight. So total in Sevilha on turn 8: 3 spearman, 4 archers, 1 knight. That's a strong force. Then on turn 8, we can send some of those troops to attack Cordoba. We would have 4 archers, which is exactly what we need to win (effective attack 12 > 10). We could send all 4 archers from Sevilha to Cordoba on turn 8. They would arrive on turn 9 and win. So that's a great plan!

So for this turn (turn 7), we should:
- Send Faro's available archer (1) to Sevilha.
- Send Badajoz's available archer (1) to Sevilha.
- Leave Sevilha's own troops for now (they will be there).
- Also, we have other archers we could send, but they would take longer. We can send them later.

Now, what about the northern front? We have Salamanca and Toledo.
- Send Porto's 2 knights to Salamanca.
- Santarem's army to Toledo is already marching.
- We need to reinforce Badajoz. We can send troops from Santarem, Lisboa, etc. Let's send Santarem's 1 spearman and 1 archer to Badajoz? Or send the knight? We want to keep some troops in Santarem to build and send later. But we can send the spearman and archer to Badajoz. They will arrive next turn. That will increase Badajoz's defense.
- Also, send Lisboa's 1 knight to Badajoz? Lisboa to Badajoz is 1 fast turn, so it arrives next turn. That would give Badajoz a knight. So Badajoz would have its own 1 archer, plus Santarem's spearman and archer, plus Lisboa's knight. That's a good garrison.
- What about Coimbra? We want to send spearman to Porto for Vigo. Send Coimbra's 3 spearman to Porto. They will take some time, but they'll get there. We can also send Coimbra's 1 archer to somewhere? Maybe to Sevilha? But Sevilha will already have enough archers. We could send Coimbra's archer to Porto to help defend? Or to Badajoz? Not needed. Maybe save it for later.
- Evora: we have 1 archer and 2 knights. We could send the archer to Sevilha? But we already have Faro and Badajoz sending archers. Sevilha will have 4 archers without Evora's. So we don't need it. We could send Evora's archer to Toledo? Or to Salamanca? Or keep it in Evora. We might want to send Evora's knights to somewhere. Evora's knights could go to Salamanca or Toledo to reinforce after conquest. Let's send Evora's 2 knights to Salamanca? But Salamanca is being attacked by Porto's knights. If we send Evora's knights to Salamanca, they would arrive in some turns. They could reinforce Salamanca after it's taken, or they could fight separately if they arrive while it's still neutral? Actually, if we send them now, they will take time. By the time they arrive, Salamanca might already be ours. Then they would just reinforce. So we can send them to Salamanca to hold it. Or we could send them to Toledo. Let's send Evora's 2 knights to Toledo? But Toledo is enemy now; they would stop at Toledo and fight. But we already have Santarem's army attacking Toledo. If we send Evora's knights to Toledo, they would arrive at a different time and fight separately. That could be good if we want to ensure Toledo falls, but it might be overkill. Alternatively, we could send them to Badajoz for defense. Badajoz is getting many troops already. Let's send Evora's 2 knights to Salamanca to reinforce it after conquest. Travel time: Evora to Salamanca: Evora -> Faro -> Sevilha -> Badajoz -> Salamanca? That's long. Or Evora -> Coimbra -> Porto -> Salamanca? Also long. Actually, Salamanca [7] connects to [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto. So from Evora, the shortest path to Salamanca is probably Evora -> Porto -> Salamanca? Evora to Porto: direct [2] to [6]. Then Porto to Salamanca: [6] to [7] is 1 turn. So total: Evora to Porto (unknown, maybe 1-2 turns) + Porto to Salamanca (1 turn) = 2-3 turns. So they would arrive later. That's fine. We can send them to Salamanca to build up its garrison.

What about Santarem's knight? We have 1 knight available in Santarem. We could send it to Toledo to reinforce after conquest, or to Badajoz. Let's send it to Toledo? But Toledo will be conquered by the Santarem army (1 spearman, 1 knight). After conquest, that army will be in Toledo. We might want to send more troops to Toledo to attack further. Santarem's knight could go to Toledo. Travel time: Santarem to Toledo is 1 turn (since the marching army is taking 1 turn). So if we send Santarem's knight to Toledo now, it will arrive next turn. But the marching army from Santarem is also arriving next turn. They would both arrive at Toledo. However, they are from the same village? No, one is already marching (from Santarem), and we are ordering a new march from Santarem. They would both be from Santarem, but they are separate orders? Actually, the marching army is already on its way; we don't need to reissue it. If we send another group from Santarem, they would be a different send. They would fight separately? The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." But if they are from the same village, do they add up? The rule says "from DIFFERENT villages". So if they are from the same village, they might add up? But we are sending them in the same turn? Actually, the existing march was ordered last turn. This turn we are ordering a new march from the same village. They are separate sends, even if from the same village, because they were ordered at different times? The rule says "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up". It doesn't explicitly say that sends from the same village at different times add up. But typically, if you send multiple waves from the same village, they might stack? The rule is ambiguous. To be safe, we should not rely on stacking. But we can send the knight from Santarem to Badajoz instead, to reinforce Badajoz. That would be from a different village than the ones already going to Badajoz (Lisboa, Santarem's other troops). Actually, we are already sending Santarem's spearman and archer to Badajoz. If we also send the knight, that would be three separate sends from Santarem? They would all be from Santarem, but they are different troop types? They might be considered separate sends. The rule says "each send fights alone". So if we send spearman and archer together in one order, they are one send. If we send the knight in a separate order, that's another send. So they would fight separately if they attack the same target. But since Badajoz is our village, they are not attacking; they are reinforcing. When reinforcing, they just join the garrison. The rule: "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So they don't fight; they just add to the garrison. So sending multiple orders to the same friendly village is fine; they all just reinforce. So we can send multiple groups from the same village to a friendly village, and they will all arrive and join the garrison. The "fight alone" rule applies when attacking an enemy or neutral village. So for reinforcing Badajoz, we can send as many as we want.

So for Badajoz, we can send:
- From Santarem: 1 spearman, 1 archer (one send)
- From Lisboa: 1 knight (one send)
- From Evora: maybe some troops? But Evora is far.
- From Santarem: also the 1 knight? We could send it in the same send as the spearman and archer? Actually, we can only send troops that are available. In Santarem, the available troops are 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. We can send all three in one send to Badajoz. That would be one send. So let's send all three from Santarem to Badajoz. That gives Badajoz a big reinforcement in one turn.

Then Santarem will have no troops left at home, but it will have the newly built knight next turn (from our build order). So that's fine.

Now, what about the knight from Lisboa? We can send it to Badajoz as well, but that would be a separate send from a different village. That's fine; it will just reinforce. But we might want to send Lisboa's knight somewhere else? Maybe to Salamanca? Or to Toledo? Let's see: Salamanca is being attacked by Porto's knights. After they win, Salamanca will have some knights (maybe with losses). We could send Lisboa's knight to Salamanca to reinforce. Travel time: Lisboa to Salamanca: Lisboa -> Santarem -> Badajoz -> Salamanca? Or Lisboa -> Coimbra -> Porto -> Salamanca? Both are multiple hops. Lisboa to Badajoz is 1 fast turn, then Badajoz to Salamanca is 1 turn. So total 2 turns for fast. So Lisboa's knight would take 2 turns to reach Salamanca. That's okay. Or we could send it to Toledo: Lisboa -> Santarem -> Badajoz -> Toledo? That's 3 hops? Actually, Lisboa to Toledo: Lisboa -> Santarem -> Badajoz -> Toledo. Badajoz to Toledo is 1 turn. So total: Lisboa to Santarem (1 fast), Santarem to Badajoz (1 fast), Badajoz to Toledo (1 fast) = 3 turns? Or maybe shorter via Evora? Not sure. So Salamanca is closer? Actually, from Lisboa to Salamanca via Porto: Lisboa -> Evora -> Porto -> Salamanca? That's also 3. So maybe 2-3 turns. We can send it to Badajoz to reinforce, and then later from Badajoz to Salamanca or Toledo. That might be simpler.

Let's prioritize reinforcing Badajoz because it's the border. Let's send Lisboa's knight to Badajoz. It will arrive next turn (1 fast turn). So Badajoz will get: its own 1 archer, plus Santarem's 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight, plus Lisboa's 1 knight. That's a strong garrison: 1 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knights? Actually, Santarem sends 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight; Lisboa sends 1 knight; Badajoz has 1 archer. Total: 1 spearman, 2 archers, 2 knights. That's a very defensible force.

Now, what about Evora? We have 1 archer, 2 knights available. We could send them to Sevilha to help with Cordoba? But Sevilha is getting enough archers. We could send Evora's archer to Sevilha anyway, to have even more archers. Or we could send Evora's knights to Salamanca to reinforce after conquest. Let's send Evora's 2 knights to Salamanca. They will take some time, but they'll get there. And send Evora's 1 archer to Sevilha? Or keep it. Let's send Evora's archer to Sevilha as well, to add to the archer pool. Travel time: Evora to Sevilha: Evora -> Faro -> Sevilha. Probably 2 turns. So it will arrive later. That's fine.

What about Coimbra? We have 3 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. We want to send spearman to Porto for Vigo. Send the 3 spearman to Porto. They will take some time. We also have 1 archer and 1 knight. We could send the archer to Sevilha? Or to Porto? For Vigo, we need spearmen, so archer is not needed there. We could send Coimbra's archer to Badajoz? Badajoz already has many. Or send it to Sevilha. Let's send Coimbra's archer to Sevilha to help with Cordoba. Travel time: Coimbra to Sevilha is long, but it will eventually get there. We can also send Coimbra's knight to somewhere. Maybe to Porto to help defend? Or to Salamanca? Let's send Coimbra's knight to Salamanca as well, to reinforce after conquest. Travel time: Coimbra to Salamanca: Coimbra -> Porto -> Salamanca. That's 2 hops. So it will take a few turns.

What about Faro? We already sending its available archer to Sevilha. Faro also has 0 spearman, 0 knight available. So that's it.

What about Sevilha? We have 2 spearman, 1 knight available. We could send them to Cordoba? But they would lose. We could send them to reinforce Faro or somewhere. Or leave them. Since we are gathering archers in Sevilha, we might want to send the spearman and knight away to make room? No, troop cap is 300, so plenty of room. We can leave them in Sevilha for defense. Or we could send the spearman to Porto to help with Vigo? But they are spearman, which is what we need for Vigo. So we could send Sevilha's 2 spearman to Porto as well! That would add to the Vigo force. Travel time: Sevilha to Porto: Sevilha -> Faro -> Porto? Or Sevilha -> Badajoz -> Coimbra -> Porto? The shortest is probably Sevilha -> Faro -> Porto. Sevilha to Faro is direct? [9] to [5] is direct. So 1-2 turns. Then Faro to Porto: [5] to [6]? No, Faro [5] connects to [2] Evora, [4] Badajoz, [9] Sevilha. It does not connect directly to Porto. So from Sevilha to Porto: Sevilha -> Faro -> Evora -> Porto? That's long. Or Sevilha -> Badajoz -> Coimbra -> Porto. That's also long. So maybe not worth it. We can keep Sevilha's spearman for defense or for another purpose.

Let's also consider sending troops from Santarem to Toledo after it's conquered? But we are sending all Santarem's available troops to Badajoz. That's fine.

Now, we need to specify the movements in the JSON. We can only send troops from a village if they are available. We also need to consider that we have marching armies already: from Santarem to Toledo (1 spearman, 1 knight) and from Faro to Sevilha (1 spearman, 2 archers). We don't include those in movements.

Let's list all movements we want to make this turn:

1. From Porto [6] to Salamanca [7]: 2 knights. (Attack)
2. From Santarem [1] to Badajoz [4]: 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. (Reinforce)
3. From Lisboa [0] to Badajoz [4]: 1 knight. (Reinforce)
4. From Faro [5] to Sevilha [9]: 1 archer. (Reinforce)
5. From Badajoz [4] to Sevilha [9]: 1 archer. (Reinforce) - But wait, Badajoz's available archer is 1. If we send it to Sevilha, then Badajoz will have no troops of its own? But we are reinforcing Badajoz with other troops. Actually, Badajoz currently has 1 archer at home. If we send it away, Badajoz will have 0 troops until the reinforcements arrive. But the reinforcements from Santarem and Lisboa are arriving next turn. So if we send Badajoz's archer away, Badajoz will be empty for a turn. That might be risky if the enemy attacks this turn. The enemy orders are simultaneous, so they might attack Badajoz this turn. If Badajoz is empty, they could take it easily. So we should probably leave the Badajoz archer in Badajoz for defense. Instead, we can send an archer from somewhere else to Sevilha. We have Evora's archer, Coimbra's archer, etc. Let's not send Badajoz's archer. Keep it for defense.

So revise: Do not send Badajoz's archer. Instead, send Evora's archer to Sevilha? Or Coimbra's archer? Let's send Evora's archer to Sevilha. And maybe Coimbra's archer to Sevilha as well? But we need to consider travel time. The goal is to get archers to Sevilha to attack Cordoba. We already have Faro's archer going. That gives 1. We also have Faro's marching army arriving next turn with 2 archers. So next turn Sevilha will have at least 3 archers (2 from march, 1 from Faro). If we also send Evora's archer, it will arrive later, making 4. But we need 4 to attack Cordoba. So we need one more archer to arrive by next turn? Actually, to attack Cordoba on turn 8 (next turn), we need the archers to be in Sevilha on turn 8 so we can send them on turn 8. They would arrive at Cordoba on turn 9. So we need the archers to be in Sevilha at the start of turn 8. That means they need to arrive by the end of turn 7. So we need to send them now so they arrive on turn 8. Faro's archer takes 1 turn (assuming), so it arrives on turn 8. Faro's marching army arrives on turn 8. So on turn 8, Sevilha will have 3 archers (2 from march, 1 from Faro). That's only 3. We need 4 to win against Cordoba. So we need one more archer to arrive on turn 8. Which archer can we send that takes 1 turn to reach Sevilha? Badajoz's archer could do it (1 turn), but we decided to keep it for defense. Evora's archer: Evora to Sevilha is probably 2 turns (Evora -> Faro -> Sevilha). So it would arrive on turn 9, too late for a turn 8 attack. Coimbra's archer would take many turns. Santarem's archer: Santarem to Sevilha is 2 turns (via Badajoz). So it would arrive turn 9. So the only archer that can arrive on turn 8 besides Faro's is Badajoz's. So if we want to attack Cordoba on turn 8, we need Badajoz's archer. But we might not need to attack Cordoba on turn 8; we can wait until turn 9 when more archers arrive. The neutral Cordoba will grow by +1 troop every 5 turns. It's been 5 turns since last seen? It was 8 effective defense 5 turns ago, now 10. So it might grow soon. But waiting a turn or two is probably fine. So we can skip Badajoz's archer and just use Evora's and others for later.

Alternatively, we could send Badajoz's archer to Sevilha and rely on the reinforcements from Santarem and Lisboa to defend Badajoz? But they arrive on turn 8 as well. So on turn 7, after we give orders, the enemy might attack Badajoz. If Badajoz is empty, they could take it. But do we know if the enemy will attack? We don't see any enemy armies marching. They might be planning something. It's risky to leave Badajoz empty. So I'll keep Badajoz's archer.

So for Sevilha, we'll send Faro's archer now. That gives 3 archers on turn 8. Then on turn 8, we can send those 3 archers to Cordoba? But 3 archers: effective attack = 3*2*1.5 = 9, which is less than 10. We would lose. So we need 4. So we cannot attack Cordoba on turn 8. We need to wait until we have 4 archers in Sevilha. On turn 8, we can send additional archers from other villages to Sevilha, and they will arrive on turn 9. Then on turn 9, we can attack Cordoba. So that's fine.

So for this turn, we send Faro's archer to Sevilha. Also, we can send Evora's archer to Sevilha (arrives turn 9). And maybe Coimbra's archer? But that's even later. So we'll just send Faro's and Evora's archers to Sevilha.

Now, what about the knights for Salamanca? We are sending Porto's 2 knights. After they take Salamanca, we might want to send more knights to Salamanca to attack Madrid. We can send Evora's 2 knights to Salamanca. They will take some time. Also, we have Santarem's knight? But we sent it to Badajoz. We can build more knights next turn.

Let's also consider sending troops to Toledo after it's conquered. We don't know if the Santarem army will win cleanly. If it wins, Toledo will have some troops. We can send reinforcements from other villages to Toledo. For example, we could send Lisboa's knight to Toledo? But we sent it to Badajoz. We could send Coimbra's knight to Toledo. Or Evora's knights. Let's send Coimbra's knight to Toledo. Travel time: Coimbra to Toledo: Coimbra -> Santarem -> Badajoz -> Toledo? Or Coimbra -> Porto -> Salamanca -> Toledo? Both are multiple hops. But we can send it.

Actually, we need to think about the order of battles. The Santarem army (1 spearman, 1 knight) attacks Toledo (2 knights). We computed that we win, but we might take losses. Let's compute more precisely.

Toledo: garrison 2 knights. Effective defense 5 (as given). Our attack: 1 spearman (attack 1), 1 knight (attack 4). Total attack = 5. Most numerous: tie -> spearman. Defender most numerous: knight. Spearman counters knight, so we get 1.5x bonus. Effective attack = 5 * 1.5 = 7.5. Defender effective = 5. We win. Losses: The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." It doesn't give a formula, but typically losses are a fraction. We might lose some troops. The loser's effective force is 5. Our effective force is 7.5. We might lose troops proportional to the ratio? For example, we might lose (5/7.5) * our troops? That would be about 2/3 of our troops? That would be bad. But in many games, losses are a percentage of the loser's force relative to the winner's. Without specifics, we can assume we'll lose some. The marching army might be reduced. So after the battle, we might have only 1 spearman or 1 knight left. So Toledo might be weakly held. We should send reinforcements to Toledo to secure it and launch further attacks. So sending a knight from Coimbra or elsewhere to Toledo is a good idea.

Let's send Coimbra's 1 knight to Toledo. Travel time: Coimbra to Toledo: we need to find a path. Coimbra [3] connects to [1] Santarem, [6] Porto, [7] Salamanca. Toledo [8] connects to [4] Badajoz, [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel. So from Coimbra to Toledo, the shortest path is probably Coimbra -> Santarem -> Badajoz -> Toledo. That's 3 hops. Or Coimbra -> Salamanca -> Badajoz -> Toledo? Also 3. Or Coimbra -> Porto -> Salamanca -> Badajoz -> Toledo? 4. So 3 hops. Travel time: Coimbra to Santarem: we don't have exact, but from Coimbra to Badajoz (via Santarem) is 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So Coimbra to Santarem is part of that. Likely 1 turn for fast? Actually, the 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast is the total from Coimbra to Badajoz. So Coimbra to Santarem might be 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast? Not sure. Let's assume it's 1 turn for fast. Then Santarem to Badajoz is 1 turn, Badajoz to Toledo is 1 turn. So total 3 turns for fast. So Coimbra's knight would take 3 turns to reach Toledo. That's a while. We could send it to Badajoz instead, and then from Badajoz to Toledo later. But we can just send it directly.

Maybe we should send troops to Badajoz and then from Badajoz to Toledo or Salamanca as needed. Badajoz is becoming a major staging area. Let's send Coimbra's knight to Badajoz. It will take Coimbra -> Santarem -> Badajoz? Or Coimbra -> Porto -> Salamanca -> Badajoz? The shortest is probably Coimbra -> Santarem -> Badajoz. That's 2 hops. Travel time: Coimbra to Santarem (1 turn for fast?), Santarem to Badajoz (1 turn) = 2 turns. So it would arrive on turn 9. Then from Badajoz we can send it to Toledo or Salamanca on turn 10. That's okay.

Alternatively, we could send the knight from Coimbra to Porto, and then from Porto to Salamanca. But that's also 2 hops.

Let's simplify: We'll send all available troops from Coimbra (3 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight) to Porto. That way, Porto becomes a staging area for Vigo. And we can later send them from Porto to Vigo. For the knight, we might want to send it to Badajoz instead. But we can send the 3 spearman to Porto, and the archer and knight to Badajoz? Or send all to Porto? Porto is interior, safe. We can send all to Porto, and then later decide. But we need to start moving spearmen to Porto for Vigo. So let's send the 3 spearman to Porto. For the archer and knight, we can send them to Badajoz to reinforce. So from Coimbra: send 3 spearman to Porto; send 1 archer and 1 knight to Badajoz. But wait, can we split the available troops into multiple sends from the same village? Yes, we can issue multiple movement orders from the same village. The JSON allows an array of movements. So we can have two movements from Coimbra: one with 3 spearman to Porto, one with 1 archer and 1 knight to Badajoz. That's fine.

Now, what about Evora? We have 1 archer, 2 knights. We can send the archer to Sevilha (for Cordoba) and the 2 knights to Badajoz? Or to Salamanca? Let's send the 2 knights to Salamanca to reinforce after conquest. Travel time: Evora to Salamanca: Evora -> Porto -> Salamanca? Evora to Porto: direct [2] to [6]. Time unknown, maybe 1-2 turns. Porto to Salamanca: 1 turn. So total 2-3 turns. So they'll arrive in a few turns. That's fine. Send Evora's archer to Sevilha.

What about Lisboa? We have 1 knight. Send to Badajoz (1 turn).

What about Santarem? We have 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Send all to Badajoz (1 turn).

What about Badajoz? We have 1 archer. Keep it there (no movement).

What about Faro? We have 1 archer. Send to Sevilha (1 turn?).

What about Sevilha? We have 2 spearman, 1 knight. Keep them.

What about Porto? We have 2 knights. Send to Salamanca (attack).

Now, we also need to consider that we have marching armies already: Santarem to Toledo (1 spearman, 1 knight) and Faro to Sevilha (1 spearman, 2 archers). Those will happen regardless.

Let's also think about the enemy. They might attack somewhere. Our Badajoz will be reinforced by Santarem and Lisboa next turn, so it will be strong. Our other villages are interior. The enemy might try to attack Salamanca or Toledo? But they are not there yet. So we should be okay.

Now, let's write the plan and statement.

Plan: We need to note what we are doing for next turn. We should mention that we are attacking Salamanca and Toledo, reinforcing Badajoz, gathering archers for Cordoba, and starting the Vigo campaign.

Statement: We can say something like: "We launched a two-pronged attack, sending knights from Porto to Salamanca while our army in Santarem marches on Toledo. We reinforced Badajoz with troops from Santarem and Lisboa to secure our border. We began gathering archers in Sevilha to prepare for the assault on Cordoba, and started moving spearmen to Porto for the upcoming attack on Vigo. Our builds focused on producing knights, archers, and spearmen to sustain our expansion."

Now, let's formalize the builds and movements.

Builds:
- Lisboa [0]: build 2 spearman? But wait, Lisboa has wood 30, iron 20. It can build 2 spearman (30 wood). But we also have the option to build 1 archer. Let's check if we need spearmen that much. We are already building 2 spearman in Coimbra. We might want to build archers in Lisboa to send to Sevilha? But Lisboa is far from Sevilha. Maybe build spearmen to send to Porto? But Coimbra is closer. Actually, we can build whatever; the resources are there. Let's build 2 spearman in Lisboa. They can be sent north later.

- Santarem [1]: build 1 knight. (30 wood, 30 iron) -> wood left 10, iron 0.

- Evora [2]: build 2 archers. (40 wood, 20 iron) -> wood 0, iron 10.

- Coimbra [3]: build 2 spearman. (30 wood, 0 iron) -> wood 10, iron 20.

- Badajoz [4]: build 1 knight. (30 wood, 30 iron) -> wood 10, iron 0.

- Faro [5]: build 2 archers. (40 wood, 20 iron) -> wood 0, iron 10.

- Porto [6]: no build (0 resources).

- Sevilha [9]: no build (0 resources).

Now, movements. We need to list all sends. Let's list them with troops.

1. Porto [6] -> Salamanca [7]: troops: 2 knight. (Attack)
2. Santarem [1] -> Badajoz [4]: troops: 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. (Reinforce)
3. Lisboa [0] -> Badajoz [4]: troops: 1 knight. (Reinforce)
4. Faro [5] -> Sevilha [9]: troops: 1 archer. (Reinforce)
5. Evora [2] -> Sevilha [9]: troops: 1 archer. (Reinforce) - we could also send the knights, but let's just send archer for now.
6. Evora [2] -> Salamanca [7]: troops: 2 knight. (Reinforce after conquest? Actually, Salamanca is neutral now, so if we send troops there, they will stop at Salamanca and fight. But we are already attacking Salamanca with Porto's knights. If we send Evora's knights now, they will arrive later and might fight the garrison if it's still there, or reinforce if it's taken. But since they are from a different village, they would fight separately. If they arrive after Salamanca is conquered, they just reinforce. If they arrive before, they fight. Since they take 2-3 turns, and the Porto knights arrive next turn, Salamanca will likely be conquered by the time Evora's knights arrive. So they will reinforce. But to be safe, we could send them to Badajoz instead, and then later from Badajoz to Salamanca. Let's send Evora's knights to Badajoz. That way they reinforce Badajoz, and we can later send them from Badajoz to Salamanca or Toledo. So: Evora [2] -> Badajoz [4]: 2 knight.
7. Coimbra [3] -> Porto [6]: 3 spearman. (Reinforce/Staging)
8. Coimbra [3] -> Badajoz [4]: 1 archer, 1 knight. (Reinforce) - But wait, Coimbra's available: 3 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. We can split them. So two sends from Coimbra: one with 3 spearman to Porto, one with 1 archer and 1 knight to Badajoz.
9. Do we send anything from Badajoz? No, leave the archer.
10. Do we send anything from Sevilha? No.

What about the archer from Santarem? We sent it to Badajoz. That's fine.

Now, we have a lot of troops moving to Badajoz. Let's check if Badajoz can handle them? There's no cap on garrison size except 300, so fine.

We also need to consider that we are sending Coimbra's archer and knight to Badajoz. That's good.

Now, what about the marching army from Santarem to Toledo? It's already on its way. We don't list it.

What about the marching army from Faro to Sevilha? It's already on its way.

So our movements list is quite long. We need to make sure we don't send troops we don't have. Let's verify available troops for each send:

- Porto: available 2 knight. Send 2 knight to Salamanca. OK.
- Santarem: available 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Send all to Badajoz. OK.
- Lisboa: available 1 knight. Send to Badajoz. OK.
- Faro: available 1 archer. Send to Sevilha. OK.
- Evora: available 1 archer, 2 knight. We want to send archer to Sevilha and 2 knights to Badajoz. That's all available. OK.
- Coimbra: available 3 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Send 3 spearman to Porto, and 1 archer + 1 knight to Badajoz. OK.
- Badajoz: available 1 archer. We leave it.
- Sevilha: available 2 spearman, 1 knight. We leave them.

So all available troops are being sent somewhere, except Badajoz's archer and Sevilha's troops. That's fine.

Now, we need to write the JSON. The fields: build, movements, plan, statement.

Build: array of objects with villageId, type, quantity.
Movements: array of objects with fromId, toId, troops (object with spearman, archer, knight).

Let's write the builds:
- { "villageId": 0, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2 }
- { "villageId": 1, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1 }
- { "villageId": 2, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2 }
- { "villageId": 3, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2 }
- { "villageId": 4, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1 }
- { "villageId": 5, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2 }

Note: villageId 6 (Porto) and 9 (Sevilha) cannot build.

Movements:
- { "fromId": 6, "toId": 7, "troops": {"knight": 2} }  // Porto to Salamanca
- { "fromId": 1, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 1, "knight": 1} } // Santarem to Badajoz
- { "fromId": 0, "toId": 4, "troops": {"knight": 1} } // Lisboa to Badajoz
- { "fromId": 5, "toId": 9, "troops": {"archer": 1} } // Faro to Sevilha
- { "fromId": 2, "toId": 9, "troops": {"archer": 1} } // Evora to Sevilha (archer)
- { "fromId": 2, "toId": 4, "troops": {"knight": 2} } // Evora to Badajoz (knights)
- { "fromId": 3, "toId": 6, "trops": {"spearman": 3} } // Coimbra to Porto (spearmen)
- { "fromId": 3, "toId": 4, "troops": {"archer": 1, "knight": 1} } // Coimbra to Badajoz (archer+knight)

Wait, Coimbra to Badajoz: we need to check if Coimbra has a road to Badajoz. Coimbra [3] connects to [1] Santarem, [6] Porto, [7] Salamanca. Badajoz [4] connects to [1] Santarem, [5] Faro, [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha. So from Coimbra to Badajoz, the path can be Coimbra -> Santarem -> Badajoz, or Coimbra -> Salamanca -> Badajoz. Both are valid. So we can send them.

Now, we should also consider if we want to send any troops to Toledo to reinforce after conquest. We didn't include any. We have Santarem's army already going. We might want to send some troops from other villages to Toledo. For example, we could send Badajoz's archer to Toledo? But we left it. We could send Lisboa's knight to Toledo instead of Badajoz? But Badajoz needs defense. Maybe we can send Coimbra's knight to Toledo? But we sent it to Badajoz. Let's think: After we take Toledo, we will want to launch attacks from it. We might need troops there. We can send troops from Badajoz or Santarem later. For now, reinforcing Badajoz is crucial because it's the border. Once Toledo is ours, the border shifts, and Badajoz becomes interior. So it's fine.

One more thing: We have the marching army from Santarem to Toledo. That army consists of 1 spearman, 1 knight. After the battle, they will be in Toledo. If we win, Toledo will have those troops. We might want to send additional troops to Toledo to strengthen it. We can do that next turn. So for now, it's okay.

Let's also consider if we should send any troops to Salamanca after it's conquered. We are sending Evora's knights to Badajoz, but we could send them to Salamanca. Salamanca will be held by Porto's knights after conquest. They might be weakened. We could send reinforcements. But Badajoz is more urgent. We can send troops to Salamanca later from Badajoz.

Now, let's write the plan and statement.

Plan: "We are launching a two-pronged attack: Porto's knights to Salamanca and Santarem's army to Toledo. We are reinforcing Badajoz heavily with troops from Santarem, Lisboa, Coimbra, and Evora to secure our border against enemy counterattacks. We are gathering archers in Sevilha (from Faro and Evora) to prepare for the assault on Cordoba. We have started moving spearmen from Coimbra to Porto to begin the campaign against Vigo. Our builds focus on producing knights, archers, and spearmen to sustain our expansion. Next turn, we will assess the results of the Salamanca and Toledo attacks, and begin planning the next moves towards Madrid and Cordoba."

Statement: "This turn, we struck on two fronts: our knights took Salamanca, while our forces marched on Toledo. We fortified Badajoz with reinforcements from across our realm to deter enemy incursions. We began concentrating archers in Sevilha for the upcoming battle with Cordoba, and started shifting spearmen towards Porto for the assault on Vigo. Our builds were tailored to fill the ranks of our army with the troops we will need most: knights for the north, archers for the south, and spearmen for the west."

But wait, we need to make sure the statement reflects what we actually did this turn, not what we hope to do. Since the orders are simultaneous, we don't know the outcome yet. So we can say we ordered these actions.

Now, let's double-check the JSON format. It should be a single JSON object with keys: build, movements, plan, statement.

Build is an array of objects. Movements is an array of objects. Plan and statement are strings.

We need to ensure we use the correct village IDs. From the report: Lisboa [0], Santarem [1], Evora [2], Coimbra [3], Badajoz [4], Faro [5], Porto [6], Sevilha [9]. Salamanca [7], Toledo [8], etc.

So movements from 6 to 7, etc.

Let's verify the troops we are sending from each village are within the available.

Santarem: available 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. We send all to Badajoz. That's fine.

Lisboa: available 1 knight. Send to Badajoz.

Faro: available 1 archer. Send to Sevilha.

Evora: available 1 archer, 2 knight. We send archer to Sevilha, knights to Badajoz. That uses all.

Coimbra: available 3 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. We send 3 spearman to Porto, and 1 archer + 1 knight to Badajoz. That uses all.

Porto: available 2 knight. Send to Salamanca.

Badajoz: available 1 archer. We don't send it.

Sevilha: available 2 spearman, 1 knight. We don't send them.

So all available troops are either sent or left in place.

Now, we should consider if we want to send any troops to our own villages to replace those that left? For example, Porto sent its knights, so it's empty. We are sending Coimbra's spearmen there, which will arrive later. That's good.

Santarem sent its troops, so it will be empty until next turn when the new knight is built. That's okay.

Lisboa sent its knight, so it will have 0 troops until next turn when the new spearmen are built. But Lisboa is interior, so safe.

Evora sent its troops, so it will be empty until next turn when new archers are built.

Coimbra sent its troops, so it will be empty until next turn when new spearmen are built.

Badajoz receives many troops, so it will be strong.

Sevilha receives Faro's archer and the marching army, so it will be strong.

So our economy is fine.

Now, let's write the JSON. We need to be careful with the syntax.

I'll construct the JSON object.

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 3, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 4, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 5, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 6, "toId": 7, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 1, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 1, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 0, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 5, "toId": 9, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 2, "toId": 9, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 2, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 3, "toId": 6, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 3, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 1}}
  ],
  "plan": "We are attacking Salamanca with Porto's knights and Toledo with Santarem's army. We are reinforcing Badajoz with troops from Santarem, Lisboa, Coimbra, and Evora to secure our border. We are sending archers from Faro and Evora to Sevilha to gather forces for Cordoba. We have started moving spearmen from Coimbra to Porto for the Vigo campaign. Our builds produce knights, archers, and spearmen to support these operations. Next turn, we will evaluate the battles and plan the next attacks on Madrid and Cordoba.",
  "statement": "This turn, we launched a coordinated strike: Porto's knights marched on Salamanca while our Santarem army advanced on Toledo. We heavily reinforced Badajoz with troops from Lisboa, Santarem, Coimbra, and Evora to fortify our border. We began concentrating archers in Sevilha for the upcoming assault on Cordoba, and started moving spearmen towards Porto to prepare for the attack on Vigo. Our building orders focused on producing the specific troop types we need: knights for the northern front, archers for the south, and spearmen for the west."
}

Let's check the movements: I included all zeros for spearman and archer when sending knights, etc. That's fine.

But wait: In the movement from Coimbra to Badajoz, I have {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 1}. That's correct.

Also, note that in the plan, I should keep it under 600 characters. Let's count: The plan string is about 400 characters, so fine.

Statement is also under 600.

Now, we need to ensure we didn't forget any available troops. For example, did we forget the marching army from Santarem? It's already on its way, so we don't include it. The marching army from Faro to Sevilha is also already on its way.

What about the fact that we have 5 marching troops total? The report says "TOTAL: 19 soldiers at home + 5 marching". The 5 marching are: 1 spearman, 1 knight from Santarem; 1 spearman, 2 archers from Faro. That's 5. So those are accounted for.

Now, let's think if there's any better move. For instance, should we send the Coimbra spearmen to Salamanca instead of Porto? Salamanca is being attacked, but we already have knights there. After taking Salamanca, we might want to send spearmen to defend it? But Salamanca is not near Vigo. The spearmen are for Vigo, so they should go to Porto.

What about sending the Evora knights to Salamanca instead of Badajoz? Badajoz is getting a lot of troops. Salamanca might need reinforcements after the battle. But we can send them from Badajoz later. It's probably fine.

Another consideration: The enemy might attack Badajoz this turn. If they do, Badajoz's current garrison is 1 archer. Our reinforcements from Santarem and Lisboa arrive next turn. So if the enemy attacks Badajoz this turn, they will fight only the 1 archer. That could be bad. But we don't know if they will. We could try to send troops to Badajoz that arrive this turn? But all our sends to Badajoz take 1 turn (from Santarem, Lisboa, Coimbra? Coimbra to Badajoz takes 2 turns? Actually, we don't know exactly. Coimbra to Badajoz via Santarem: Coimbra to Santarem time? If it's 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast for Coimbra to Badajoz, then fast troops (knight) take 1 turn? The report says for Coimbra: "from here to your nearest border village [4] Badajoz: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So a knight from Coimbra to Badajoz takes 1 fast turn! That means it arrives next turn. So actually, Coimbra's knight and archer (medium? archer is medium, so 1 medium turn) will also arrive next turn. So all our reinforcements to Badajoz arrive next turn. So on turn 7, Badajoz has only its 1 archer. If the enemy attacks, they might take it. But we don't see any enemy armies marching. The enemy might be planning to attack elsewhere. We have to take that risk.

To mitigate, we could leave Badajoz's archer and not send it, which we did. We could also send some troops from Santarem that take 1 turn, which we did. So Badajoz will be reinforced next turn. If the enemy attacks this turn, they will face only 1 archer. But maybe they don't have a way to reach Badajoz quickly? The enemy is in Toledo and Teruel. Toledo to Badajoz is 1 turn. So they could attack Badajoz from Toledo. But we are attacking Toledo, so maybe they are defending there. The enemy might also have troops in Toledo that they could send to Badajoz. But since orders are simultaneous, if they send troops from Toledo to Badajoz, they would have to issue those orders now. We don't see any enemy armies on the march, so maybe they aren't doing that. We'll hope for the best.

Another thought: We could send the Santarem army to Badajoz instead of Toledo? But we already have a march order from last turn. We can't change it. So Toledo attack is happening.

Now, let's review the build orders. We are building 2 spearman in Lisboa. Lisboa has wood 30, iron 20. 2 spearman cost 30 wood, 0 iron. So after build, wood 0, iron 20. That's fine. But we also have the option to build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 10 iron. Which is better? We need spearmen for Vigo, and we are already building 2 in Coimbra. We might need more spearmen later. But we also need archers for Cordoba. We are building archers in Evora and Faro. Lisboa could build archers to send to Sevilha, but it's far. I think spearmen are fine, since we have a specific need for Vigo. But we could also build 1 archer and 1 spearman? No, 1 archer (20 wood) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 35 wood > 30. So can't. So either 2 spearmen or 1 archer. Let's stick with 2 spearmen.

Santarem: build 1 knight. Wood 40, iron 30. After: wood 10, iron 0. Good.

Evora: build 2 archers. Wood 40, iron 30 -> wood 0, iron 10. Good.

Coimbra: build 2 spearman. Wood 40, iron 20 -> wood 10, iron 20. Good.

Badajoz: build 1 knight. Wood 40, iron 30 -> wood 10, iron 0. Good.

Faro: build 2 archers. Wood 40, iron 30 -> wood 0, iron 10. Good.

Now, we should consider if we want to build in Sevilha or Porto next turn. They have 0 resources this turn, but next turn they will have 30 wood, 20 iron. So they can build then.

Everything seems reasonable.

Let's double-check the movement from Evora to Badajoz: 2 knights. Evora to Badajoz road: Evora [2] connects to [5] Faro, and Faro to Badajoz? Faro [5] connects to [4] Badajoz. So Evora -> Faro -> Badajoz. That's 2 hops. Travel time: we don't know exactly, but knights are fast, so maybe 1 turn per hop? So 2 turns? The report doesn't give Evora to Badajoz time. But we can still order it; the game will use the correct time. In the JSON, we just specify the order.

Similarly, Coimbra to Badajoz: we sent 1 archer, 1 knight. That path: Coimbra -> Santarem -> Badajoz, or Coimbra -> Salamanca -> Badajoz. Both are 2 hops. So they will take some time.

Now, let's ensure we didn't accidentally send troops that are already marching. The marching troops are not available, so we didn't.

One more thing: The report says for Santarem: "already marching out (NOT available): 1 spearman, 1 knight". So those are gone. Our available list for Santarem is 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. That's what we sent. So Santarem will have no troops left at home after this turn. But we built a knight there, which will be available next turn. So next turn Santarem will have 1 knight at home.

For Faro: "already marching out: 1 spearman, 2 archers". Available: 1 archer. We sent that archer. So Faro will have no troops at home. But we built 2 archers there, so next turn it will have 2 archers.

For Porto: we sent its 2 knights. So it will have 0. We are sending 3 spearman from Coimbra, which will arrive later.

For Sevilha: it has 2 spearman, 1 knight at home. It will also receive the marching army from Faro (1 spearman, 2 archers) and our sent archer from Faro (1) and from Evora (1) later. So it will grow.

For Badajoz: it will receive many reinforcements.

For Lisboa: we sent its 1 knight, so it has 0. But we built 2 spearmen, so next turn it has 2.

For Evora: we sent its 1 archer and 2 knights, so it has 0. But we built 2 archers, so next turn it has 2.

For Coimbra: we sent all available, so it has 0. But we built 2 spearmen, so next turn it has 2.

So our army is on the move, but we are building new troops to replace them. This is a balanced approach.

Now, let's write the final JSON. I'll make sure the syntax is correct.

Note: In the movements, the "troops" object should have keys "spearman", "archer", "knight" with integer values. I'll include 0 for types not sent.

Also, note that in the build array, we don't need to specify village names, just IDs.

Let's produce the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":6,"destinoId":7,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":1,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":0,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":5,"destinoId":9,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":2,"destinoId":9,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":2,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":3,"destinoId":6,"tropas":{"lanceiro":3,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":3,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":1}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [4]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO envio [6]->[7]: 2K (alvo neutra arqueiro)
ACEITO envio [1]->[4]: 1S+1A+1K
ACEITO envio [0]->[4]: 1K
ACEITO envio [5]->[9]: 1A
ACEITO envio [2]->[9]: 1A
ACEITO envio [2]->[4]: 2K
ACEITO envio [3]->[6]: 3S
ACEITO envio [3]->[4]: 1A+1K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): We are attacking Salamanca with Porto's knights and Toledo with Santarem's army. We are reinforcing Badajoz with troops from Santarem, Lisboa, Coimbra, and Evora to secure our border. We are sending archers from Faro and Evora to Sevilha to gather forces for Cordoba. We have started moving spearmen from Coimbra to Porto for the Vigo campaign. Our builds produce knights, archers, and spearmen to support these operations. Next turn, we will evaluate the battles and plan the next attacks on Madrid and Cordoba.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): This turn, we launched a coordinated strike: Porto's knights marched on Salamanca while our Santarem army advanced on Toledo. We heavily reinforced Badajoz with troops from Lisboa, Santarem, Coimbra, and Evora to fortify our border. We began concentrating archers in Sevilha for the upcoming assault on Cordoba, and started moving spearmen towards Porto to prepare for the attack on Vigo. Our building orders focused on producing the specific troop types we need: knights for the northern front, archers for the south, and spearmen for the west.
########## TURNO 7 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4129 | resposta 23728 | raciocinio 21154 | finish stop | ms 277165
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 8, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 18, \"toId\": 8, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 17, \"toId\": 8, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 3}},\n    {\"fromId\": 13, \"toId\": 8, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 3, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 12, \"toId\": 8, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Our immediate priority is to hold Toledo against the incoming enemy army. We have rushed all available fast troops from Castellon, Zaragoza, Teruel, and Madrid to reinforce the garrison. Our villages are building spearmen and knights to rebuild our forces. Once the enemy assault is repelled, we will launch a counteroffensive from Toledo against Badajoz, and from Madrid against Burgos, aiming to expand our territory and reach the 18-victory threshold.\",\n  \"statement\": \"The enemy marched on Toledo, so we gathered every fast troop we could and sent them to reinforce the defense. Our villages worked to build new spearmen and knights to replenish our forces. The defense of Toledo is now strong, and we await the enemy's assault.\"\n}"
raciocinio: We are King B. We hold 11 of 24 villages. We need 18 for 2 consecutive turns to win, or eliminate every enemy village. The enemy capital is Lisboa [0], but taking it is not required. We have 31 soldiers at home + 2 marching. The enemy has at least one army marching toward Toledo [8] arriving in 1 turn. We have 2 spearmen marching from Huesca [20] to Pamplona [19] arriving in 1 turn.

We need to decide builds and movements for this turn. The report says "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." So we order now based on current info.

Let's analyze the map:
Our villages: Barcelona [22], Tarragona [21], Girona [23], Castellon [18], Zaragoza [17], Huesca [20], Valencia [16], Teruel [13], Madrid [12], Pamplona [19], Toledo [8]. That's 11.
Neutral villages we can see: Murcia [15] (4 knights), Burgos [14] (4 spearmen), Salamanca [7] (4 archers), Cordoba [11] (4 spearmen). Also Badajoz [4] is enemy with 1 archer.
Unexplored: Porto [10], Vigo [3] wait, Coimbra [3], Sevilha [9], Faro [5], Santarem [1], Lisboa [0], Evora [2]. Actually list: [6] Porto, [10] Vigo, [3] Coimbra, [9] Sevilha, [5] Faro, [1] Santarem, [0] Lisboa, [2] Evora. So 8 unexplored.

Road network: We need to plan movements. We have an enemy army marching toward Toledo [8] arriving in 1 turn. That means next turn they will attack Toledo. We need to defend Toledo or reinforce it. Toledo currently has 2 knights at home, effective defense 5. The enemy army is marching toward it, but we don't know its composition. We need to send reinforcements to Toledo to defend against the incoming attack. Or we could abandon Toledo? But we want to hold it. Since orders are simultaneous, we can send troops to Toledo now, and they will arrive before the enemy? Actually, the enemy army arrives in 1 turn. If we send troops from nearby, they might take 1 turn to arrive, so they would arrive at the same time as the enemy? The rules: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." If we send troops to Toledo, they will arrive and join the garrison before the enemy arrives? The timing: The enemy army is marching toward Toledo, arrives in 1 turn. That means at the end of this turn (when orders are executed), the enemy army will arrive at Toledo and attack. Our reinforcements sent now will also arrive? The travel time: if we send from a village that is 1 fast turn away, they would arrive in 1 turn, so they would arrive at the same time as the enemy? The combat resolution: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if we send reinforcements, they will fight the enemy separately? Actually, the enemy army arrives and attacks the garrison. If our reinforcements arrive on the same turn, do they fight the enemy or join the defense? The rules: "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." But if the enemy arrives at the same time, the order of events might matter. Typically, in such games, the defending garrison includes any reinforcements that arrived that turn before the attack? But the rules say "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." That suggests that if multiple armies arrive at a neutral or enemy village, they fight separately. But for defense of your own village, the garrison is the troops at home plus any arriving reinforcements? The report says "effective defense (location bonus included): X | troops at home: Y". It doesn't mention arriving reinforcements in the defense value. So the defense value is based on troops at home. When an enemy attacks, they fight the troops at home. If we send reinforcements, they arrive and join the garrison, but if the enemy arrives at the same time, do they get to fight with the reinforcements? The rules don't specify the exact sequence. Usually, in simultaneous turns, all movements happen, then battles are resolved. If an enemy army arrives at a village we own, and we also send reinforcements to that village, both arrive. The garrison would then include the reinforcements, and the enemy attacks. But the rule "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up" applies to attacks on a target, not defense. For defense, the garrison is the sum of all troops at the village. So if we send reinforcements, they should add to the defense. However, the rule "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there" means the enemy army will stop at Toledo and fight. Our reinforcements, if they arrive at Toledo, would join the garrison before the fight? Or they might arrive after? The typical interpretation in these games is that all movements occur, then battles are resolved. So if we send troops to Toledo, they arrive and become part of the garrison, then the enemy arrives and attacks the garrison. So sending reinforcements is beneficial.

But we need to consider the enemy army composition. We don't know it. It's marching toward Toledo. We might want to send troops to defend. Toledo has 2 knights, defense 5. If the enemy has a strong army, they might defeat the garrison. We should send reinforcements from nearby villages. From Madrid [12] to Toledo [8] is 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So knights from Madrid would arrive in 1 fast turn? Actually, "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means if we send knights (fast), it takes 1 turn. So we could send knights from Madrid to Toledo, and they would arrive in 1 turn, same as the enemy? The enemy arrives in 1 turn. So they would arrive simultaneously. That might work. From Teruel [13] to Toledo [8] is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So also 1 fast turn. From Valencia [16] to Toledo? Actually, Valencia to Toledo: not directly connected? Road network: Toledo [8] connects to [4], [11], [12], [13]. So from Valencia [16] to Toledo, you'd have to go via [13] or [12]? The road network: [16] connects to [13], [15], [18]. So to get to Toledo, you'd go [16] -> [13] -> [8]. That would be 2 turns? The report gives march distances from each village to the nearest border village, but we need actual travel times between specific villages. We can compute from the road network. The travel time is measured along roads. We need to know the distance in terms of slow/medium/fast turns. The report gives "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: X slow / Y medium / Z fast turns" for each of our villages. That gives the travel time from that village to Toledo. For example, from Madrid [12]: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. That means if we send troops from Madrid to Toledo, it takes 1 fast turn (if we send knights), 1 medium turn (if archers), or 2 slow turns (if spearmen). So we can use those times. For villages that don't list Toledo as nearest border, we might need to compute via other routes. But the report only gives distances to the nearest border village, which is Toledo for all our villages? Actually, looking at the list: each of our villages has "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: ..." So all our villages give travel times to Toledo. That's convenient. So we can send troops from any of our villages to Toledo, and the travel time is given. For example, from Zaragoza [17]: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. So knights from Zaragoza take 1 fast turn to reach Toledo? Wait, 1 fast turn means 1 turn for fast troops. So if we send knights from Zaragoza, they arrive in 1 turn. That would be simultaneous with the enemy arrival. But if we send spearmen (slow), it takes 3 turns, too late.

So we can reinforce Toledo with fast troops from several villages. We have knights available in Barcelona (1), Tarragona (1), Castellon (1), Zaragoza (3), Teruel (1), Madrid (1), Toledo (2). Also we have spearmen and archers but they are slower.

We need to decide which reinforcements to send. The enemy army is arriving in 1 turn. We don't know its strength. We might want to send as many knights as possible to Toledo to defend. But we also need to consider that if we send all our knights, we leave our other villages undefended and we can't launch offensives. However, the enemy is attacking Toledo, so defending it is crucial. If we lose Toledo, we lose a border village and our hold on the west.

Let's check the enemy's possible army. We only know they have an army marching toward Toledo, arrives in 1 turn. We don't see any other enemy armies. The enemy capital is Lisboa, but we don't know its garrison. The enemy village Badajoz [4] has 1 archer. That's a weak garrison. The enemy might have been building up. But we have no intel on the marching army.

We should also consider building troops. Our villages have resources. We can build troops to replace losses and increase our army. The build orders are placed now, and troops are ready in 1 turn. So they will be available next turn. We need to specify builds for this turn.

Let's list our villages and their available resources and troops:

Village data:
[22] Barcelona: wood 30, iron 50. Troops at home: 1/300 (1 spearman? Actually "troops at home: 1 / 300" and available: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. So it has 1 knight at home? Wait, "troops at home: 1 / 300" means total troops at home is 1. And available to send: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. So that 1 troop is a knight. So Barcelona has 1 knight. It can build more. Resources: wood 30, iron 50. It produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. So it can afford to build. Costs: spearman 15 wood, 0 iron; archer 20 wood, 10 iron; knight 30 wood, 30 iron. Barcelona has 30 wood, 50 iron. It can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 0 wood, 20 iron. Or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) but only 30 wood, so can't. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) total 35 wood, too much. So it can build 1 knight, or 2 spearmen (30 wood, 0 iron), or 1 spearman + something? Actually 2 spearmen cost 30 wood, 0 iron, so possible. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and have leftover. But we need to decide what to build.

[21] Tarragona: wood 30, iron 40. Troops at home: 3/300 (2 spearman, 1 knight). Available: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. Can build: with 30 wood, 40 iron. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron -> can build 1 knight, leaving 0 wood, 10 iron. Or archer: 20 wood, 10 iron -> can build 1 archer, leaving 10 wood, 30 iron. Or spearman: 15 wood -> can build 2 spearmen (30 wood). Or combinations.

[23] Girona: wood 30, iron 60. Troops at home: 2/300 (2 spearman). Available: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. Can build: lots of iron. Can build knights (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 1 knight leaves 0 wood, 30 iron. Or archers: 20 wood, 10 iron -> 1 archer leaves 10 wood, 50 iron. Or spearmen: 15 wood -> 2 spearmen.

[18] Castellon: wood 30, iron 20. Troops at home: 1/300 (1 knight). Available: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. Can build: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) but only 20 iron, so no. 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) possible, leaves 10 wood, 10 iron. 2 spearmen (30 wood, 0 iron) possible.

[17] Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 20. Troops at home: 5/300 (2 spearman, 3 knight). Available: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight. Can build: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaves 10 wood, 10 iron. 2 spearmen (30 wood) possible. Knight not possible (needs 30 iron).

[20] Huesca: wood 30, iron 60. Troops at home: 5/300 (5 spearman). Available: 5 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. Already marching out: 2 spearmen. So at home it has 3 spearman? Wait, "troops at home: 5 / 300" and "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 5 spearman" but also "already marching out (NOT available): 2 spearmen". That seems contradictory: if 2 are marching out, they are not at home. So the "troops at home: 5" might include the ones marching out? Or the report is from turn 7, and the marching out troops are from a previous order? The report says "already marching out (NOT available): 2 spearmen". So those 2 are not available to send now, but they are on the march. The "troops at home: 5" probably means the total troops that are at the village (not including marching)? Actually, the format: "troops at home: 5 / 300" and then "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 5 spearman" but if 2 are marching out, then available should be 3? Let's read carefully: "[20] Huesca | ... | troops at home: 5 / 300
    AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 5 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight (attack power if all sent: 5)
    already marching out (NOT available): 2 spearmen"
So it says available to send now: 5 spearman. But also says 2 spearmen are already marching out. That implies the 5 spearman are the total troops at the village, and the 2 marching out are part of that 5? Or are they separate? Typically, "troops at home" means the garrison, and "already marching out" are troops that have been sent and are on the way, not at home. So the available to send should be the troops at home minus any that are about to be sent? But the report is a snapshot. It says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 5 spearman" which suggests that currently there are 5 spearman at Huesca that can be sent. But then it says "already marching out: 2 spearmen" which are from previous orders and are currently on the march, not at Huesca. So Huesca has 5 spearman at home, and 2 are on the march. That would total 7 spearman, but the cap is 300, so it's fine. However, the "troops at home: 5" might be the number of troops physically at the village. So Huesca has 5 spearman at home, and 2 are marching out. So total troops from Huesca is 7. But the report says "troops at home: 5". So we should trust that. So available to send: 5 spearman. But wait, if we send them, they leave. So we can send up to 5.

Let's re-evaluate all villages with this understanding: The "troops at home" is the current garrison. "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" is the number we can order to send this turn. "already marching out" are troops we ordered in previous turns that are currently on the road and will arrive later. They are not available to send again.

So for Huesca: at home: 5 spearman. Available: 5 spearman. Marching out: 2 spearmen (to Pamplona, arriving in 1 turn). So next turn, those 2 will arrive at Pamplona, and Huesca will have 5 spearman still at home if we don't send any.

[16] Valencia: wood 30, iron 40. Troops at home: 2/300 (2 spearman). Available: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. Can build: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearmen (30 wood) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) possible? 30 wood, 30 iron, yes, leaves 0 wood, 10 iron.

[13] Teruel: wood 30, iron 20. Troops at home: 6/300 (3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight). Available: 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. Can build: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaves 10 wood, 10 iron. Or 2 spearmen (30 wood). Knight not possible (needs 30 iron).

[12] Madrid: wood 0, iron 0. Troops at home: 1/300 (1 knight). Available: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. Cannot build anything because no resources. It produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn, but currently has 0. So next turn it will have 30 wood, 20 iron, but this turn we can't build.

[19] Pamplona: wood 0, iron 0. Troops at home: 3/300 (3 spearman). Available: 3 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. Cannot build.

[8] Toledo: wood 30, iron 20. Troops at home: 2/300 (2 knight). Available: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight. Can build: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaves 10 wood, 10 iron. Or 2 spearmen (30 wood) but no spearmen available to send? Actually, building spearmen would add to the garrison, but we can't send them because they are at home. The build order is to produce troops at that village. So we can build troops to reinforce Toledo. It has 30 wood, 20 iron. It can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearmen (30 wood, 0 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) but iron only 20, so no knight. So best is 1 archer or 2 spearmen. But Toledo is about to be attacked; building troops there means they will be ready in 1 turn, so they will be available for defense next turn? Actually, the build order is placed now, and the troops are ready in 1 turn. So they will be available at the start of next turn, after the enemy attack? The timing: We order builds now. The enemy attacks Toledo in 1 turn (i.e., at the end of this turn's movements). Our builds complete in 1 turn, so they would be ready at the same time as the enemy attack? Typically, builds are completed at the beginning of the turn? The rules: "ready in 1 turn." So if we order a build now, it will be ready next turn. The enemy attack happens this turn? The report says "enemy army marching toward [8] Toledo, arrives in 1 turn". That means at the end of this turn (after movements), the enemy army will arrive and attack. Our builds ordered now will be ready in 1 turn, meaning they will be available next turn, after the attack. So building at Toledo now won't help defend against the incoming attack. We need to send reinforcements from other villages to arrive now or next turn? Actually, if we send troops from another village, they take time to march. If we send knights from Madrid (1 fast turn), they will arrive in 1 turn, i.e., at the same time as the enemy? The enemy arrives in 1 turn. So both arrive at the same time. The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." But that's for attacking a target. For defense, if we send reinforcements to our own village, they arrive and join the garrison. If the enemy arrives at the same time, do they fight the garrison including the reinforcements, or do they fight the original garrison and then the reinforcements separately? The rule "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there" means the enemy attacks the village. The village's defense is the troops at home plus any reinforcements that have arrived. If reinforcements arrive on the same turn, I think they are considered part of the garrison for that battle. However, the rule about different sends fighting alone applies to attacks on a target, not defense. So I'd assume that if we send reinforcements to Toledo, they will add to the defense for the battle against the incoming enemy. But we need to be careful: the report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 5" for Toledo. That's based on the 2 knights at home. If we send more troops, the defense value will increase next turn. But the enemy attack happens this turn? Actually, the enemy army is marching and arrives in 1 turn. That means at the end of this turn's movement phase, it arrives. Our orders for this turn include movements. Our movements also happen this turn. So if we send troops from Madrid to Toledo with 1 fast turn, they will also arrive at the end of this turn. So both the enemy and our reinforcements arrive simultaneously. The battle is resolved after all movements. So the garrison at Toledo at the time of battle will include the original 2 knights plus any arriving reinforcements. So sending reinforcements is good.

But we need to decide which troops to send. We have knights available in many villages. We should send as many as possible to defend Toledo, but we also need to consider that if we send all our knights, we leave our other villages weak. However, the enemy is attacking Toledo, so if we lose Toledo, we lose a village and our front line collapses. We need to hold Toledo. Let's estimate the enemy army. We don't know its size. It could be a large army. We should try to match it. We have 2 knights at Toledo (defense 5). If we send, say, the knight from Madrid (1 fast turn), that adds 1 knight. Knights have attack 4, defense 2. In defense, they count defense x1.25 in a village? Actually, the rule: "Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital)." So the effective defense already includes the location bonus. The report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 5" for Toledo. That 5 is the defense value after applying the bonus. The 2 knights have base defense 2 each, so total base defense 4. In a village, defense counts x1.25, so 4 * 1.25 = 5. So that matches. If we add another knight, base defense becomes 6, effective defense becomes 6 * 1.25 = 7.5, probably rounded to 7 or 8? The report shows integers. So adding knights increases defense.

We also have spearmen and archers. Spearmen have defense 2, archers defense 2. So they also contribute. But we need to send them fast enough. Only knights are fast. Archers are medium (1 turn from some villages, 2 from others). Spearmen are slow. From Madrid, archers would take 1 medium turn? The report says from Madrid to Toledo: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So archers (medium) take 1 turn. So we could send archers from Madrid? Madrid has 0 archers available. It has 1 knight. So we can only send the knight. From Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Teruel has 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. We can send the knight (fast, 1 turn), or the archers (medium, 1 turn), or spearmen (slow, 1 turn? Actually 1 slow turn? It says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" meaning slow takes 1 turn? That would mean all troop types take 1 turn from Teruel? That seems odd: if it's 1 slow turn, that means even spearmen take 1 turn. So from Teruel, any troop takes 1 turn. So we can send anything and they arrive in 1 turn. So we could send a mix. But we need to consider attack power if we send all: 11. But we might not want to send all.

We need to decide on a strategy. The enemy is attacking Toledo. We want to defeat that army and ideally counterattack. We also have neutral villages nearby that we could attack to expand. Our goal is to hold 18 villages. We currently have 11. We need 7 more. The neutral villages we can see: Murcia [15] (4 knights), Burgos [14] (4 spearmen), Salamanca [7] (4 archers), Cordoba [11] (4 spearmen). Also Badajoz [4] is enemy with 1 archer. Beyond that are unexplored villages, some enemy, some neutral. The enemy capital is Lisboa [0]. We don't need to take it, but we need to eliminate enemy villages or hold 18. The enemy currently has Badajoz [4] and probably others in the unexplored area. We need to conquer more villages.

Our campaign plan from last turn: "We have conquered Teruel and are about to conquer Pamplona with the marching spearmen. This turn, we launch a double strike: Zaragoza's knights take Madrid, and Teruel's knights take Toledo. We also send spearmen to reinforce Pamplona and the northern route, and move coastal knights towards Zaragoza to build up the central strike force. We build knights and spearmen across our villages to replace losses and grow our army. Next turn, we will have 11 villages and will push west from Madrid and Toledo towards Salamanca and Badajoz, aiming to encircle the enemy capital."

But the map has changed: We already have Madrid and Toledo (they are ours). Pamplona is ours (we conquered it last turn? The report says "You attacked [19] Pamplona: VICTORY, conquered" and "Your reinforcement (2 spearmen) arrived at [13] Teruel" etc. So Pamplona is already ours. So the plan's "about to conquer Pamplona" is done. The double strike on Madrid and Toledo is done. So we need a new plan.

Current situation: We hold 11 villages. The enemy is attacking Toledo. We have 2 spearmen marching from Huesca to Pamplona (arriving in 1 turn). That's a leftover order? Actually, the report says "already marching out (NOT available): 2 spearmen" from Huesca to Pamplona. So those are on the way. They will arrive next turn and reinforce Pamplona.

We need to defend Toledo. We should send reinforcements from nearby villages. Which villages can reach Toledo in 1 turn? According to the report, the following villages have 1 fast turn to Toledo: Castellon (2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast), Zaragoza (3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast), Teruel (1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast), Madrid (2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast), Valencia (2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast). Actually, check: 
- Castellon: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns -> knights take 1 turn.
- Zaragoza: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast -> knights 1 turn.
- Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast -> all take 1 turn? Actually, if it's 1 slow, then spearmen also take 1 turn. So any troop takes 1 turn.
- Madrid: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast -> knights 1 turn, archers 1 turn, spearmen 2 turns.
- Valencia: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast -> knights 1 turn, archers 2 turns, spearmen 2 turns.
- Barcelona: 3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast -> knights 2 turns, so too slow.
- Tarragona: 3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast -> knights 2 turns.
- Girona: 4 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast -> knights 2 turns.
- Huesca: 3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast -> knights 2 turns.
- Pamplona: 3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast -> knights 2 turns.
- Toledo itself: obviously 0.

So only Castellon, Zaragoza, Teruel, Madrid, Valencia can send knights in 1 turn. Teruel can send any troop in 1 turn. Madrid can send knights or archers in 1 turn. Valencia can send knights in 1 turn. Castellon can send knights in 1 turn. Zaragoza can send knights in 1 turn.

We also have the option to send troops from other villages, but they would take 2 turns and arrive after the enemy attack. So they won't help defend this turn.

So we need to decide which of these villages to send reinforcements from, and how many. We don't know the enemy army size. We might want to send a strong force to ensure victory. But we also need to keep some troops at home to defend our other villages and to build for future offensives.

Let's consider the enemy's possible army. They are marching toward Toledo. They must have sent an army from somewhere. The enemy villages we know: Badajoz [4] has 1 archer. The unexplored area includes the enemy capital Lisboa and other villages. The enemy could have built up an army and sent it. We don't see any other enemy armies on the march. So this might be their main attack force. If we defeat it, we can go on the offensive.

We should try to gather intelligence: we can see villages connected to ours. We see Badajoz, but it's weak. We don't see the enemy's other villages. The enemy capital is Lisboa, which is connected to Santarem [1] and Evora [2]. Santarem is connected to Badajoz [4] and Coimbra [3]. So the enemy likely has troops in that area. The army marching on Toledo probably came from Badajoz or from further away. Badajoz is connected to Toledo [8] directly? Road: [4] Badajoz connects to [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. So yes, Badajoz to Toledo is a direct road. So the enemy army could have come from Badajoz or from Santarem via Badajoz. Since Badajoz has only 1 archer, the army is not from there; it must have passed through or come from elsewhere. The enemy might have marched from Lisboa to Santarem to Badajoz to Toledo. That would take several turns. The report says the enemy army arrives in 1 turn, so it's been on the march for a while.

We need to decide our moves. Let's think about our overall strategy. We need 18 villages. We have 11. The neutral villages we can see: Murcia (4 knights), Burgos (4 spearmen), Salamanca (4 archers), Cordoba (4 spearmen). That's 4 neutrals. If we conquer them, we'd have 15. Then we need 3 more from the unexplored area. The unexplored area has 8 villages: Porto, Vigo, Coimbra, Sevilha, Faro, Santarem, Lisboa, Evora. Some are enemy, some neutral. We need to explore and conquer. But first, we need to secure our western border.

Toledo is our border with Badajoz. If we lose Toledo, the enemy can pour in. So we must defend Toledo. After defending, we can attack Badajoz to eliminate that enemy village. Then we can push towards Lisboa.

Also, we have the northern front: Pamplona is ours, but it's far from the enemy. Burgos [14] is neutral, connected to Madrid [12] and Pamplona [19] and Vigo [10] and Salamanca [7]. We might want to conquer Burgos to expand.

We need to build troops. Our economy: we have many villages with resources. We should build troops to replenish and grow. We lost some troops last turn (the report says "You attacked [19] Pamplona: DEFEAT (your army was lost)" and then "VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 1 troop)" and "You attacked [12] Madrid: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 1 troop)" etc. So we lost some troops. Our total at home is 31 soldiers. We need to build more.

Let's plan builds for this turn. We want to build troops that are useful for defense and offense. Knights are fast and powerful but expensive. Archers are good against spearmen. Spearmen are cheap and good against knights. Since we don't know the enemy composition, we might want a mix. But we have limited resources.

We should also consider that the enemy might have knights, since they are attacking Toledo. If they have knights, we should defend with spearmen? Actually, spearman counters knight (1.5x bonus). But in defense, the defender gets a location bonus (x1.25 in village). If we defend with spearmen against knights, we get the counter bonus (1.5x) and the location bonus (1.25x)? The rules: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." And "Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village". So these multipliers likely stack? The effective defense in the report already includes the location bonus. So if we have spearmen defending in a village, their defense is 2 * 1.25 = 2.5, rounded? And if they counter the attacker, the attacker's force is multiplied by 1.5? Actually, the counter applies to the attacker's force? "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So if you have the counter, your force is multiplied by 1.5. So if we defend with spearmen against knights, the spearmen's defense is multiplied by 1.5? Or the knight's attack is multiplied? The rule: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So if our defending army is mostly spearmen, and the attacking army is mostly knights, then we have the counter (spearman counters knight), so our force is multiplied by 1.5. That would apply to our defense value. So effective defense would be (base defense * 1.25 location) * 1.5 counter? Or the counter is applied to the force before location? The report says "effective defense (location bonus included): X" so that already includes location. The counter would be an additional multiplier during battle. So if we have the counter, our effective defense is multiplied by 1.5. That makes spearmen very strong in defense against knights.

So for defending Toledo, if we send spearmen, they might be good if the enemy has knights. But spearmen are slow; from some villages they take 2 turns to arrive, so they can't reinforce in time. Only from Teruel can spearmen arrive in 1 turn (since 1 slow turn). So we could send spearmen from Teruel to Toledo. Teruel has 3 spearman available. That could be a good reinforcement.

We also have archers. Archers counter spearmen. If the enemy has spearmen, archers are good. But we don't know.

We need to make a decision. Let's assume the enemy is likely to have a mix, but since they are attacking a border village, they probably have a decent army. We should send a balanced reinforcement that can handle various threats. We can send a mix of spearman, archer, and knight from Teruel, since Teruel can send any troop in 1 turn. Teruel has 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight available. We could send, say, 2 spearman and 1 archer, or all of them? But we might want to keep some at Teruel for its own defense. Teruel is interior, no enemy border, so it's safe from immediate attack. But we might need troops there for future offensives. We can leave 1 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight? Actually, if we send all, Teruel would have 0 troops left, but it can build more. It has resources to build. So we could strip Teruel to reinforce Toledo. That might be a good idea: send all available troops from Teruel to Toledo, since Toledo is under attack and Teruel is safe. Similarly, we could send from Madrid (1 knight), from Valencia (2 spearman? but they take 2 turns? Actually, Valencia to Toledo: knights 1 turn, but spearman 2 turns. So we could send the 2 spearman from Valencia? They would take 2 turns, so they wouldn't arrive in time for the defense. But we could send them anyway to reinforce after the battle. Or we could send the knight from Valencia? Valencia has 0 knight available? Actually, Valencia has 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. So no knights. So from Valencia we can only send spearman (2 turns) or build and send later.

Let's list all available troops that can reach Toledo in 1 turn:
- From Castellon: 1 knight (1 fast turn)
- From Zaragoza: 2 spearman? Wait, Zaragoza available: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight. Spearman from Zaragoza take 3 slow turns? Actually, "3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" means spearman (slow) take 3 turns. So they can't arrive in 1 turn. Archers (medium) take 2 turns. Knights (fast) take 1 turn. So only knights from Zaragoza can arrive in 1 turn. So we can send up to 3 knights from Zaragoza.
- From Teruel: any troop takes 1 turn (1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast). So we can send 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight.
- From Madrid: 1 knight (1 fast turn) or archers? Madrid has 0 archers, so only 1 knight.
- From Valencia: knights would take 1 fast turn, but Valencia has 0 knights. Spearman take 2 turns. So nothing in 1 turn.
- From Toledo itself: we can't send from Toledo to Toledo.

So the fastest reinforcements we can send are: 1 knight from Castellon, up to 3 knights from Zaragoza, up to 6 troops from Teruel (mix), 1 knight from Madrid. That's a total of up to 11 troops, with a mix of knights, archers, and spearmen. We don't have to send all; we should send a balanced force.

We also need to consider that the enemy army might be large. If we send too few, we might lose. If we send too many, we might leave our other villages vulnerable. But since the enemy is only attacking Toledo, our other villages are not immediately threatened (except maybe if the enemy has other armies, but we don't see any). So we can afford to send a strong reinforcement to Toledo.

Let's decide on the reinforcement for Toledo. We want to maximize our chance of winning. The battle is at Toledo (village), so defender gets x1.25 location bonus. The enemy is attacking, so they are in the open field? Actually, they are attacking a village, so they are the attacker, no location bonus. We are the defender, so we get the village bonus. We also have the counter bonus if our most numerous type counters their most numerous type. We don't know their composition. We should try to make our most numerous type something that counters common enemy types. Knights are expensive and we have many; if we send many knights, our most numerous might be knights. Knights counter archers. If the enemy has archers, we get the counter. If the enemy has knights, we don't counter, but we still have the location bonus. If we send many spearmen, we counter knights. If we send many archers, we counter spearmen.

Given we have a lot of knights available (Castellon 1, Zaragoza 3, Teruel 1, Madrid 1 = 6 knights) and some spearmen and archers. If we send all 6 knights, they would be the most numerous (unless we send more spearmen). But we can also send spearmen from Teruel. Let's think about what the enemy might have. The enemy is attacking from the west. They have Badajoz with 1 archer. They might have been building knights? We don't know. In the early game, knights are common. But we also have seen neutral villages with knights, spearmen, archers. The enemy might have a mix. To be safe, we could send a mix that doesn't give the enemy a counter advantage. If we send mostly knights, and the enemy sends mostly spearmen, they counter knights? Actually, spearman counters knight, so if enemy has many spearmen, they get the counter bonus against our knights. That would be bad. If we send mostly spearmen, and enemy has many knights, we get the counter. If enemy has many archers, they counter our spearmen. So it's a rock-paper-scissors. We want to avoid giving the enemy a counter bonus. Since we don't know, we might want to send a balanced force where no single type is most numerous, or we send the type that is least likely to be countered. But we can also look at our own troops: we have many spearmen overall (19 spearman at home). So we might want to send spearmen to reinforce, making them the most numerous, which could be good if enemy has knights. But we need to send them fast. Only Teruel can send spearmen in 1 turn. So we could send 3 spearmen from Teruel. That would make spearmen numerous. We could also send archers from Teruel (2) and knights from elsewhere. If we send 3 spearmen, 2 archers, and some knights, the most numerous might be spearmen (3) if we send fewer knights. For example, if we send 3 spearmen, 2 archers, and 1 knight, then spearmen are most numerous. That gives us the counter bonus if enemy has knights. If enemy has archers, they counter us. If enemy has spearmen, we counter them? Actually, archers counter spearmen, so if enemy has spearmen and we have archers, we might get counter? The rule: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup". So if our most numerous is spearmen (3), and their most numerous is, say, archers (4), then the matchup is spearman vs archer: archer counters spearman, so they get the bonus. So we would be at a disadvantage. So it's risky.

Alternatively, we could send mostly knights. If we send 6 knights and little else, our most numerous is knights. Knights counter archers. If enemy has archers, we get bonus. If enemy has spearmen, they get bonus. If enemy has knights, no bonus. So it's also risky.

Maybe we should send a force that has no most numerous type? But we need to send at least some troops. We could send exactly equal numbers? For example, 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. Then ties break in order spearman, archer, knight. So if there's a tie, spearman is considered most numerous? The rule: "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight." So if we have 2 of each, the most numerous is spearman (since ties break to spearman). So that would make spearman the most numerous. That might be okay.

But we also need to consider the total force. The enemy army might be large. We need to have enough effective force to win. The effective force is calculated from attack (if attacking) or defense (if defending). We are defending, so we use defense values. The effective defense values in the report already include location bonus. For our troops: spearman defense 2, archer defense 2, knight defense 2. In a village, base defense * 1.25. So each spearman has effective defense 2.5? But the report shows integers. For Toledo, 2 knights have effective defense 5. So each knight contributes 2.5? Actually, 2 knights base defense 4, *1.25 = 5. So per knight: 2.5. If we add a spearman, its base defense 2, *1.25 = 2.5, so it also contributes 2.5. So all troop types have the same defense value in a village? Wait, spearman defense 2, archer defense 2, knight defense 2. So base defense is the same for all! The difference is in attack and speed. So in defense, all troop types are equal in terms of defense value (before counter). The counter bonus multiplies the force by 1.5. So if we have the counter, our effective defense is 1.5 times higher. So the composition matters mainly for the counter bonus.

So for defending Toledo, we want to choose a composition that gives us the counter bonus against the enemy's likely composition. Since we don't know, we might just send a mix and hope. But we can also send a large number to overwhelm even without counter.

Let's estimate the enemy army size. They marched to Toledo. They must have been built over several turns. The enemy has Badajoz and likely other villages. They might have 10-20 troops? We don't know. Our current garrison at Toledo is 2 knights (effective defense 5). If we send, say, 3 knights from Zaragoza, 1 from Castellon, 1 from Madrid, that's 5 knights, plus the 2 already there = 7 knights. Effective defense would be 7 * 2.5 = 17.5, probably 17 or 18. That's a strong defense. If we also send spearmen and archers, we can increase it further.

But we need to leave some troops for other things. Zaragoza has 3 knights available; we could send all 3. Castellon has 1 knight; send it. Madrid has 1 knight; send it. Teruel has 1 knight; send it. That's 6 knights. We could also send the 2 archers from Teruel (they take 1 turn). Archers have defense 2, so they also add 2.5 each. So total defense would be (6+2+2 existing?) Actually, existing 2 knights. If we send 6 knights, total knights = 8. Plus 2 archers = 2. Total troops 10. Effective defense: 8*2.5 + 2*2.5 = 20 + 5 = 25. That's very high. The enemy would need a huge army to win. But we must consider that the enemy is attacking, so they use their attack values. Their attack power might be high. But with effective defense 25, it's likely we win.

However, if we send all these, we leave Zaragoza with 0 knights, Castellon with 0, Madrid with 0, Teruel with 0 knights and 0 archers (but we can leave spearmen). That might be okay because those villages are interior and safe. But we also need to build troops to replenish. We can build new troops next turn. But if we send all our available troops now, we might have no troops left at those villages to send to other places. But we can build new ones. The build orders this turn will produce troops for next turn. So we can send all available now, and next turn we'll have newly built troops to use.

So a strategy: Send all available fast troops to Toledo to defend, and build as many troops as possible at our villages to prepare for counteroffensive.

Let's decide on builds. We should build troops that are useful. We have many wood and iron. We should build a mix of spearman, archer, and knight to have a balanced army. We can build at villages that have resources. Let's list each village's build capacity this turn (using current resources, since resources are per village and we must order builds that the village can pay for NOW).

Village resources and possible builds:
- Barcelona: wood 30, iron 50. Can build: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> leaves 0 wood, 20 iron. Or 2 spearmen (30 wood, 0 iron) -> leaves 0 wood, 50 iron. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> leaves 10 wood, 40 iron. Or 1 spearman + 1 archer? 15+20=35 wood >30, no. So best: 1 knight or 2 spearmen or 1 archer. Since we need many troops, maybe 2 spearmen is good (costs 30 wood, 0 iron, so we keep iron for later). Or 1 knight to have a fast troop. Let's decide later.
- Tarragona: wood 30, iron 40. Can build: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> leaves 0 wood, 10 iron. Or 2 spearmen (30 wood) -> leaves 0 wood, 40 iron. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> leaves 10 wood, 30 iron. Or 1 spearman + 1 archer? 15+20=35 wood >30, no.
- Girona: wood 30, iron 60. Can build: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> leaves 0 wood, 30 iron. Or 2 spearmen (30 wood) -> leaves 0 wood, 60 iron. Or 3 spearmen? 45 wood >30, no. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> leaves 10 wood, 50 iron. Or 1 knight + 1 archer? 30+20=50 wood >30, no.
- Castellon: wood 30, iron 20. Can build: 2 spearmen (30 wood) -> leaves 0 wood, 20 iron. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> leaves 10 wood, 10 iron. Knight not possible (needs 30 iron).
- Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 20. Can build: 2 spearmen (30 wood) -> leaves 0 wood, 20 iron. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> leaves 10 wood, 10 iron. Knight not possible.
- Huesca: wood 30, iron 60. Can build: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> leaves 0 wood, 30 iron. Or 2 spearmen (30 wood) -> leaves 0 wood, 60 iron. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> leaves 10 wood, 50 iron.
- Valencia: wood 30, iron 40. Can build: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> leaves 0 wood, 10 iron. Or 2 spearmen (30 wood) -> leaves 0 wood, 40 iron. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> leaves 10 wood, 30 iron.
- Teruel: wood 30, iron 20. Can build: 2 spearmen (30 wood) -> leaves 0 wood, 20 iron. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> leaves 10 wood, 10 iron. Knight not possible.
- Madrid: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build this turn. But next turn it will have 30 wood, 20 iron.
- Pamplona: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.
- Toledo: wood 30, iron 20. Can build: 2 spearmen (30 wood) -> leaves 0 wood, 20 iron. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> leaves 10 wood, 10 iron. Knight not possible.

So most villages can build 2 spearmen or 1 archer. Some can build 1 knight. We should prioritize building troops that we need for the next phase. Since we are sending many troops to Toledo, we will have depleted our villages. We need to rebuild. We should build spearmen because they are cheap and we can build more of them. But we also need knights for speed and offense. We should build a mix. Let's aim to build at least 1 knight at each village that can afford it, to have fast response. But we also need numbers.

Let's think about the counteroffensive. After we defend Toledo, we want to attack Badajoz [4] to eliminate that enemy village. Badajoz has 1 archer garrison, effective defense 3. It's weak. We can attack it from Toledo. Toledo to Badajoz is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn? The report says from Toledo to nearest border village [4] Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So any troop from Toledo can reach Badajoz in 1 turn. So next turn, if we win at Toledo, we can send troops from Toledo (and other villages) to attack Badajoz. But we need to have troops to send. If we send all our troops to Toledo this turn, they will be at Toledo next turn. Then we can send them to Badajoz. That's a good plan: reinforce Toledo, win defense, then attack Badajoz from Toledo.

Also, we have the northern front: we can attack Burgos [14] from Madrid or Pamplona. Burgos has 4 spearmen, effective defense 10. That's a bit stronger. We might want to gather a larger force there.

But our immediate priority is to win the defense of Toledo. So we should send as many troops as we can to Toledo, but we should also keep some troops at our other villages in case the enemy has other armies. However, we don't see any other enemy armies. The only known enemy army is the one marching on Toledo. So it's probably safe to concentrate on Toledo.

Let's decide on the exact movements for this turn.

We need to send reinforcements to Toledo. We'll send:
- From Castellon: send the 1 knight to Toledo. (1 fast turn, arrives in 1 turn)
- From Zaragoza: send 3 knights to Toledo. (1 fast turn)
- From Teruel: send 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight to Toledo. (all 1 turn)
- From Madrid: send 1 knight to Toledo. (1 fast turn)
That's a total of 1+3+3+2+1+1 = 11 troops? Wait: Castellon 1 knight, Zaragoza 3 knights, Teruel 3 spearman + 2 archer + 1 knight = 6, Madrid 1 knight. Total knights: 1+3+1+1 = 6 knights. Plus 3 spearman, 2 archer. Total 11 troops. Plus Toledo already has 2 knights. So after reinforcement, Toledo will have 8 knights, 3 spearman, 2 archer. That's 13 troops. Effective defense: each troop has base defense 2, in village 2.5 effective. So 13 * 2.5 = 32.5, probably 32 or 33. That's a huge defense. The enemy would need an enormous army to win. But we must consider that the enemy might also have a large army. However, with that defense, we are very likely to win.

But wait: the rule "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." That applies when attacking a target. For defense, the garrison is the sum of all troops at the village. The rule says: "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So they do add up. The "fight alone" rule is for attacks on a neutral or enemy village, where multiple sends arrive and fight separately. For defense, the garrison is unified. So our reinforcements will add to the garrison and fight as one army. So that's fine.

So sending all these to Toledo is good. But we need to check if we are allowed to send that many from Teruel. Teruel has 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight available. We can send all of them. That leaves Teruel with 0 troops. But Teruel is interior and safe, so it's okay. We can build new troops there next turn.

What about the 2 spearmen already marching from Huesca to Pamplona? They will arrive next turn. We should keep that order? The report says they are already marching. We don't need to issue a new order for them; they are on the way. So we don't include them in our movements this turn.

Now, we also need to consider building troops. We should build as many as possible to replenish. Let's decide on builds for each village:

We want to build a mix of troops for future offensives. We should build spearmen because they are cheap and we can build many. We should also build some knights for speed. Archers are less useful because we have few and they are expensive. But we might want some.

Let's set build orders:
- Barcelona: build 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood, 0 iron). Leaves iron for later. Or build 1 knight? We need iron for other things. Since Barcelona has 50 iron, we could build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and have 20 iron left. But then we have 0 wood. We could also build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spearman? No, wood too low. Let's build 2 spearmen to save iron. But we might want a knight for fast response. Actually, Barcelona is far from the front (to Toledo takes 2 fast turns). So its knights would be slow to arrive. We might want to build spearmen there, which can be sent later. Let's build 2 spearmen.
- Tarragona: build 2 spearmen (30 wood, 0 iron) -> leaves 40 iron. Or build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> leaves 10 iron. Since Tarragona is also far, maybe build spearmen. But we need iron for other villages? Iron is per village, so it's fine. Let's build 2 spearmen.
- Girona: build 2 spearmen (30 wood, 0 iron) -> leaves 60 iron. Or build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> leaves 30 iron. Girona has lots of iron. We could build 1 knight to have a fast troop there. But Girona is even farther. Let's build 2 spearmen for now, and maybe later build knight when we have more wood? Actually, Girona produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn, so next turn it will have 30 wood and 80 iron (if we don't spend). We can build more then. For now, build 2 spearmen.
- Castellon: we are sending its knight away. It has 30 wood, 20 iron. We can build 2 spearmen (30 wood) -> leaves 20 iron. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> leaves 10 wood, 10 iron. Let's build 2 spearmen.
- Zaragoza: we are sending all 3 knights away. It has 30 wood, 20 iron. Build 2 spearmen (30 wood) -> leaves 20 iron. Or 1 archer. Let's build 2 spearmen.
- Huesca: we have 5 spearman at home, but we are not sending any this turn (the 2 marching are already gone). Huesca has 30 wood, 60 iron. We can build 2 spearmen (30 wood) -> leaves 60 iron. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> leaves 30 iron. Since Huesca is near the north, we might want to build knights for future there. Let's build 1 knight to have a fast troop. But we also need numbers. Let's build 2 spearmen for now, and maybe next turn build knight. Actually, we can build 1 knight and have 0 wood, 30 iron. But then we have no wood for next turn? Next turn it will produce 30 wood, so we can build again. Let's build 1 knight at Huesca to start a knight stack.
- Valencia: we are not sending any this turn (we could send spearman but they take 2 turns, so they wouldn't arrive in time for the defense; we could send them to Toledo anyway to arrive later, but they might not be needed). Valencia has 30 wood, 40 iron. We can build 2 spearmen (30 wood) -> leaves 40 iron. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> leaves 10 iron. Let's build 2 spearmen.
- Teruel: we are sending all troops away. It has 30 wood, 20 iron. Build 2 spearmen (30 wood) -> leaves 20 iron. Or 1 archer. Let's build 2 spearmen.
- Madrid: cannot build (0 resources). But we are sending its knight away. Next turn it will have resources.
- Pamplona: cannot build. We have 3 spearman there. We might want to send them somewhere? But they are slow to reach Toledo (2 turns). We could send them to Madrid or keep them. Let's not send them this turn; they can stay.
- Toledo: we are reinforcing it. It has 30 wood, 20 iron. We can build 2 spearmen (30 wood) -> leaves 20 iron. Or 1 archer. Let's build 2 spearmen to add to the garrison for next turn.

So total builds: many spearmen. That will give us a large army of spearmen for next turns. But we also need to consider that we are sending many troops to Toledo, so we need to replace them. The builds will replace some, but we are sending 11 troops and only building, say, 2 spearmen at each of 10 villages? That's 20 spearmen. But we can't build at Madrid and Pamplona. So maybe 8 villages building 2 spearmen = 16 spearmen. Plus some knights. That's a net increase.

But wait: we also need to consider the cap of 300 per village. We are far from that.

Now, we need to decide if we should send all those troops to Toledo. Is it overkill? Maybe we don't need to send that many. We could send fewer and keep some at their home villages for other operations. For example, we might want to launch an attack on Badajoz from Toledo, but also from other villages. If we send all troops to Toledo, we can then send them to Badajoz next turn. That's fine. But we might also want to attack Burgos from Madrid. Madrid currently has 1 knight. If we send it to Toledo, Madrid will have 0 troops. But Madrid can build next turn. So it's okay.

Let's consider the enemy's next move. They will attack Toledo. If we have a huge defense, we will win and take losses. The winner takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force). So we will lose some troops. The number of losses depends on the enemy's effective force. If the enemy has a small army, we lose few. If they have a large army, we might lose more. But with our huge defense, the enemy's effective force will be much lower, so our losses should be small. So sending many troops is good because it minimizes our losses proportionally? Actually, the rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So if we win, we lose troops equal to the loser's effective force? Or something like that. The exact formula isn't given, but typically the winner loses a number of troops equal to the loser's effective force divided by something. But since we have a large defense, our effective force is high, so the loser's effective force is lower, so our losses are lower? Actually, if the loser's effective force is small, the winner's losses are small. So by having a large defense, we reduce the enemy's effective force (since they lose troops proportionally), and thus our losses are smaller. So it's beneficial to send many troops.

But we also need to consider resources: building troops costs resources. If we build many spearmen, we use wood. We have plenty.

So I'll proceed with sending a large reinforcement to Toledo.

Now, let's specify the exact movements. We need to list each movement with fromId, toId, and troops.

We'll send:
- From Castellon [18] to Toledo [8]: 1 knight.
- From Zaragoza [17] to Toledo [8]: 3 knights.
- From Teruel [13] to Toledo [8]: 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight.
- From Madrid [12] to Toledo [8]: 1 knight.

But wait: Madrid has 1 knight available. We can send it. However, Madrid to Toledo is 1 fast turn, so it arrives in 1 turn. Good.

What about the 2 spearmen from Huesca that are already marching to Pamplona? They will arrive next turn. We don't need to do anything.

What about Pamplona? It has 3 spearman. Should we send them somewhere? They could march to Madrid (3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns) so they are slow. They could go to Burgos? But Burgos is neutral. We might want to attack Burgos later. For now, we can leave them at Pamplona.

What about Valencia? It has 2 spearman. They could be sent to Toledo, but they take 2 turns (2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns for knights, but spearman are slow: 2 slow turns). So they would arrive in 2 turns, after the battle. We could send them to Toledo to reinforce after the battle, but they might not be needed. We could send them to Teruel or somewhere else. Let's leave them for now.

What about building at Toledo? We'll build 2 spearmen at Toledo.

Now, we need to write the plan and statement.

Plan: We need a campaign over the next several turns. Our immediate goal: defend Toledo, then attack Badajoz. Then expand west. Also northern front: maybe attack Burgos. We need to reach 18 villages.

Let's outline the plan:
- This turn: reinforce Toledo with all available fast troops from Castellon, Zaragoza, Teruel, Madrid. Build spearmen across all villages to rebuild forces.
- Next turn: after winning defense of Toledo, launch attack on Badajoz [4] from Toledo and possibly from other villages. Also, build more troops.
- Then push towards Santarem [1] and Evora [2] to encircle the enemy capital. On the north, attack Burgos [14] from Madrid/Pamplona to secure the north.
- Continue building troops to maintain momentum.

Statement: We need to tell the audience what we did this turn. Something like: "We gathered all available fast troops and rushed them to Toledo to reinforce the garrison against the incoming enemy army. Our villages built spearmen to replenish our ranks. Next, we will counterattack Badajoz."

Now, we need to format the JSON.

The JSON fields:
- "build": list of build orders. Each has villageId, type, quantity.
- "movements": list of movement orders. Each has fromId, toId, troops (object with spearman, archer, knight counts).
- "plan": string.
- "statement": string.

We must use only ids that appear in the report. Our villages: 22,21,23,18,17,20,16,13,12,19,8. Neutral: 15,14,7,11. Enemy: 4. Unexplored: 6,10,3,9,5,1,0,2. We can send to any of these.

Let's list the build orders we decided:
- Barcelona [22]: build 2 spearman.
- Tarragona [21]: build 2 spearman.
- Girona [23]: build 2 spearman.
- Castellon [18]: build 2 spearman.
- Zaragoza [17]: build 2 spearman.
- Huesca [20]: build 1 knight (since we have lots of iron, let's build 1 knight to have a fast troop there). Actually, we said 2 spearmen or 1 knight. Let's build 1 knight at Huesca to start a knight stack for the north. But we also need spearmen. We can build 1 knight and 0 spearmen? But we have 30 wood, 60 iron. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. So we can build 1 knight, leaving 0 wood, 30 iron. That's fine. We can build spearmen next turn. So Huesca: 1 knight.
- Valencia [16]: build 2 spearman.
- Teruel [13]: build 2 spearman.
- Madrid [12]: cannot build.
- Pamplona [19]: cannot build.
- Toledo [8]: build 2 spearman.

So builds: 
{"villageId": 22, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
{"villageId": 21, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
{"villageId": 23, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
{"villageId": 18, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
{"villageId": 17, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
{"villageId": 20, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
{"villageId": 16, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
{"villageId": 13, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
{"villageId": 8, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}

That's 9 build orders.

Movements:
- From 18 to 8: {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}
- From 17 to 8: {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 3}
- From 13 to 8: {"spearman": 3, "archer": 2, "knight": 1}
- From 12 to 8: {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}

We might also want to send something from Valencia? Valencia has 2 spearman. If we send them to Toledo, they take 2 turns. They would arrive after the battle, which could be useful to hold Toledo if we lost some defenders. But we are confident we'll win. We could send them to Toledo anyway to reinforce for the next attack. But they are slow; we could send them to Teruel instead, which is closer? Valencia to Teruel: road? Valencia [16] connects to [13], [15], [18]. To Teruel [13]: direct road? [16] to [13] is a road. So from Valencia to Teruel: what's the travel time? The report gives distances to Toledo, not to Teruel. We need to estimate. Since we don't have exact times, we might not want to order movements to places we don't know the timing for. The report only gives distances to the nearest border village (Toledo) for our villages. For other destinations, we might not know the exact travel time. The rules say: "The report shows travel time per speed (e.g. 'march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns')." But in this report, it only shows for the nearest border village. So we might not have travel times for other routes. However, we can infer from the road network. The road network shows connections. We can assume that each road segment has a certain length? But we don't know the length in turns. The given times to Toledo are specific. For example, from Valencia to Toledo: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast. That implies the distance is such that slow takes 2, medium 2, fast 1. So if we want to send from Valencia to Teruel, we need to know the distance. Valencia to Teruel is directly connected? Road network: [16] Valencia connects to [13] Teruel. So it's one road segment. The distance might be similar to other segments. But we don't know. To be safe, we should only order movements to destinations for which we have travel time information, or to adjacent villages where we can assume it takes 1 turn? Actually, the report says "march from [x]: Y slow / Z medium / W fast turns" for the nearest border village. For other villages, we might not have that info. But we can still order movements; the game will use the actual travel times. Since we are the player, we should know the travel times from the map? The map is given, but without distances. The report gives distances to Toledo for all our villages. That suggests that the travel times to other villages can be deduced from the road network if we assume each edge has a length? But we don't have that. In such games, usually the travel times are symmetric and based on the road network. We can estimate that if two villages are connected, the travel time is the same in both directions? Not necessarily. The report gives from each village to Toledo. We can use those to estimate other routes by summing? For example, from Valencia to Teruel: we know Valencia to Toledo is 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast. Toledo to Teruel is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast (from Teruel's report: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"). So the distance from Valencia to Teruel via Toledo would be the sum? But they are directly connected without going through Toledo? Actually, road network: [16] Valencia connects to [13] Teruel directly. So the direct road might be shorter than going via Toledo. We don't know. To avoid mistakes, we should only send troops to destinations where we know the travel time from the report, or to adjacent villages where we can assume it's 1 turn? But the report doesn't give times for non-Toledo destinations. However, we can order movements to any village; the game will handle it. But as the player, we need to decide. Since the plan is to attack Badajoz from Toledo next turn, we want to gather troops at Toledo. So sending troops to Toledo is safe. Sending them elsewhere might delay them. So I'll stick to sending all to Toledo.

But what about the 2 spearmen from Huesca that are already marching to Pamplona? They will arrive next turn. We could redirect them? The rules: we can only give new orders; we can't cancel previous orders. So they will arrive at Pamplona.

Now, we also need to consider if we should send any troops to attack Badajoz this turn? We can't, because the enemy is marching on Toledo, and our troops would have to pass through Toledo? Actually, to attack Badajoz, we could send troops from Toledo to Badajoz. But Toledo is currently under attack. If we send troops from Toledo to Badajoz, they would leave Toledo and march. But the enemy is arriving at Toledo. If we send the Toledo garrison away, then Toledo might be undefended. But we are reinforcing Toledo from elsewhere. So we could order the Toledo garrison to march to Badajoz this turn. However, the enemy army is arriving in 1 turn. If we send the Toledo troops away, they will leave now and arrive at Badajoz in 1 turn (since 1 fast turn). Meanwhile, the enemy arrives at Toledo and finds it empty? But the rules: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." The enemy is marching to Toledo. If Toledo is empty, do they stop and occupy it? Or do they continue? The rule says they stop at the first village that is not yours. If Toledo is ours but empty, it is still ours. The enemy army is marching toward Toledo; when they arrive, they will attack the village. If there are no troops, they will capture it? The rules don't explicitly say what happens if a village is empty when attacked. Typically, if no troops, the attacker captures it with no fight. So we don't want to leave Toledo empty. We want to keep troops there to defend. So we should not send the Toledo garrison away this turn. We should keep them and add reinforcements.

So we will not order any attacks this turn. We will only reinforce Toledo and build.

Now, let's write the plan and statement.

Plan: "Defend Toledo by rushing all available fast troops from Castellon, Zaragoza, Teruel, and Madrid to reinforce the garrison. Build spearmen and knights across our villages to rebuild our army. After winning the defense, launch a counteroffensive from Toledo against Badajoz, and from Madrid against Burgos. Continue building troops to maintain momentum towards 18 villages."

Statement: "We saw the enemy army marching on Toledo, so we gathered every fast troop we could and sent them to reinforce the capital's defense. Our villages worked to build new spearmen and knights to replenish our forces. The defense of Toledo is now strong, and we await the enemy's assault."

Now, we need to ensure the JSON is valid. The build list and movements list.

Let's double-check the available troops at each village to make sure we are not sending more than available.

- Castellon [18]: available: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. We send 1 knight. OK.
- Zaragoza [17]: available: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight. We send 3 knights. OK. (We leave the 2 spearman at home? Actually, we are not sending them. They stay at Zaragoza. That's fine.)
- Teruel [13]: available: 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. We send all: 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. OK.
- Madrid [12]: available: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. We send 1 knight. OK.

What about the 2 spearmen from Huesca already marching? They are not available to send now, so we don't include them.

Now, builds: we need to make sure each village can afford the build with its current resources.

- Barcelona [22]: wood 30, iron 50. Build 2 spearmen: cost 30 wood, 0 iron. OK.
- Tarragona [21]: wood 30, iron 40. Build 2 spearmen: cost 30 wood, 0 iron. OK.
- Girona [23]: wood 30, iron 60. Build 2 spearmen: cost 30 wood, 0 iron. OK.
- Castellon [18]: wood 30, iron 20. Build 2 spearmen: cost 30 wood, 0 iron. OK.
- Zaragoza [17]: wood 30, iron 20. Build 2 spearmen: cost 30 wood, 0 iron. OK.
- Huesca [20]: wood 30, iron 60. Build 1 knight: cost 30 wood, 30 iron. OK.
- Valencia [16]: wood 30, iron 40. Build 2 spearmen: cost 30 wood, 0 iron. OK.
- Teruel [13]: wood 30, iron 20. Build 2 spearmen: cost 30 wood, 0 iron. OK.
- Toledo [8]: wood 30, iron 20. Build 2 spearmen: cost 30 wood, 0 iron. OK.

All builds are within means.

Now, we need to output the JSON. The fields must be exactly as specified.

Let's construct the JSON object.

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 13, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 8, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 18, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 17, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 3}},
    {"fromId": 13, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 2, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 12, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}}
  ],
  "plan": "Our immediate priority is to hold Toledo against the incoming enemy army. We have rushed all available fast troops from Castellon, Zaragoza, Teruel, and Madrid to reinforce the garrison. Our villages are building spearmen and knights to rebuild our forces. Once the enemy assault is repelled, we will launch a counteroffensive from Toledo against Badajoz, and from Madrid against Burgos, aiming to expand our territory and reach the 18-victory threshold.",
  "statement": "The enemy marched on Toledo, so we gathered every fast troop we could and sent them to reinforce the defense. Our villages worked to build new spearmen and knights to replenish our forces. The defense of Toledo is now strong, and we await the enemy's assault."
}

We need to make sure the plan is under 600 characters? The instruction says: "2 to 6 lines (anything past 600 characters is cut off)." So we should keep it concise. My plan is about 400 characters, so fine.

Statement: 2 to 4 lines. My statement is 3 lines.

Now, check if we missed anything. The enemy army marching toward Toledo arrives in 1 turn. Our reinforcements also arrive in 1 turn. So they will be there in time. We also have the 2 spearmen from Huesca to Pamplona arriving in 1 turn. That will reinforce Pamplona. We didn't order anything for Pamplona; it already has 3 spearman. So it will have 5 next turn.

What about the neutral villages? We might want to start attacking them, but we need to secure our borders first.

One potential issue: we are sending all troops from Teruel, including the 2 archers. Archers are medium speed, but from Teruel to Toledo it's 1 medium turn, so they arrive in 1 turn. Good.

We are sending 3 knights from Zaragoza. Zaragoza has 3 knights available. We send all 3. That leaves Zaragoza with 2 spearman at home. That's fine.

We are sending 1 knight from Castellon. Castellon had 1 knight; we send it. Leaves 0 troops at Castellon? Actually, Castellon had 1 knight at home, so after sending, it has 0. But it can build 2 spearmen this turn, so next turn it will have 2 spearmen.

We are sending 1 knight from Madrid. Madrid had 1 knight; after sending, 0. It can't build this turn, but next turn it will have resources.

So after this turn, our villages will have some troops left: Barcelona 1 spearman, Tarragona 3 (2 spearman, 1 knight), Girona 2 spearman, Castellon 0 + building 2 spearmen, Zaragoza 2 spearman, Huesca 5 spearman (but 2 marching out, so 3 at home? Actually, Huesca has 5 spearman at home, and 2 marching out. We are not sending any from Huesca this turn. So Huesca will have 5 spearman at home, plus the 2 marching out will arrive at Pamplona. So Huesca's garrison remains 5. But we are building 1 knight there, so next turn it will have 5 spearman + 1 knight. Valencia 2 spearman, Teruel 0 + building 2 spearmen, Madrid 0, Pamplona 3 + arriving 2 = 5 spearman, Toledo: initially 2 knights, plus reinforcements: 6 knights, 3 spearman, 2 archer = 11 troops? Wait, we sent 6 knights (1+3+1+1), 3 spearman, 2 archer. So total at Toledo after arrival: 2 existing knights + 6 = 8 knights, 3 spearman, 2 archer. Plus we build 2 spearmen at Toledo this turn, so next turn it will have 8 knights, 5 spearman, 2 archer? Actually, the build completes in 1 turn, so next turn those 2 spearmen will be there. So total 15 troops. That's a strong garrison.

Now, we need to consider the battle. The enemy attacks Toledo. We have a large defense. We will likely win. The enemy army will be destroyed, and we will take some losses. The losses will be proportional to the enemy's effective force. Since our defense is high, the enemy's effective force is low, so our losses should be small. So we might lose a few troops. After the battle, we can send the surviving troops to attack Badajoz.

Now, is there any risk that the enemy army is so large that even our reinforcements can't win? We don't know their size. But we are sending a lot. If we lose, the enemy could capture Toledo. That would be bad. To minimize risk, we could send even more? But we've sent all fast troops. We could also send the 2 spearman from Valencia? They take 2 turns, so they wouldn't arrive in time. We could send the spearman from Pamplona? They take 2 fast turns? Actually, Pamplona to Toledo: 3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns. So knights would take 2 turns, spearmen 3. So too slow. So we can't reinforce with them in time.

What about the 2 spearmen from Huesca that are marching to Pamplona? They are already on the way. We could have them diverted? But we can't change their order; they were ordered last turn to go to Pamplona. They will arrive at Pamplona next turn. We could then order them from Pamplona to Toledo, but they would take time. So they won't help this turn.

So our current reinforcement is the best we can do.

Now, let's think about the enemy's possible composition. They might have a lot of spearmen to counter knights. If they have many spearmen, our knights would be countered. But we also have spearmen and archers. Our most numerous type at Toledo after reinforcement: we have 8 knights, 3 spearman, 2 archer. So knights are most numerous. If the enemy has spearmen as most numerous, they get the counter bonus (spearman counters knight). That would multiply their force by 1.5. That could be dangerous. To avoid that, we might want to adjust our reinforcement to make spearmen the most numerous, or archers. But we can only send what we have. We have many knights because they are fast. We could choose not to send some knights, and instead send more spearmen? But we can't send more spearmen from other villages because they are slow. Only Teruel can send spearmen in 1 turn. We are sending 3 spearmen from Teruel. That's the max. We could also send the 2 spearman from Zaragoza? They take 3 slow turns, so no. From Valencia, 2 spearman take 2 turns. So we can't get more spearmen in time. So our reinforcement will have more knights than spearmen. That's a risk. But we have the location bonus (x1.25) and we might still win even if the enemy has the counter bonus. The counter bonus is 1.5x to their force. Our effective defense is high. Let's calculate approximate effective forces.

Our defense: we have 8 knights, 3 spearman, 2 archer. Base defense each 2. In village, effective defense per troop = 2.5. So total base effective = (8+3+2)*2.5 = 13*2.5 = 32.5. If the enemy has the counter bonus (say they have many spearmen), their attack is multiplied by 1.5? Actually, the counter bonus multiplies the force of the side that has the counter. So if they have spearmen as most numerous and we have knights as most numerous, then spearman counters knight, so the enemy gets a 1.5x multiplier to their force. That means their effective attack is multiplied by 1.5. So we need to compare our effective defense (32.5) vs their effective attack * 1.5. If their effective attack is, say, 20, then 20*1.5=30, which is less than 32.5, so we still win. If their effective attack is 30, then 45 > 32.5, we lose. So it depends on their army size.

We don't know their army size. But we can estimate: the enemy has been building for 7 turns. They have at least one village (Badajoz) and probably the capital and others. They might have 20-30 troops total. But not all would be in this army; some might be elsewhere. The army marching on Toledo could be 10-20 troops. If it's 15 troops with average attack 2, effective attack 30, with counter 45, we'd lose. But wait, the attack values: spearman attack 1, archer attack 2, knight attack 4. So if they have many spearmen, their average attack is low. If they have knights, average is high. The counter bonus applies to the force, not the attack value? The rule: "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." The "force" is the effective force calculated from attack (if attacking) or defense (if defending). So if they are attacking, their force is based on their attack values. If they have the counter, that force is multiplied by 1.5. So if they have a mix, their base attack force is something, then multiplied.

Let's consider a worst-case scenario: the enemy army is all knights. Knights have attack 4. If they have 10 knights, base attack force = 40. No counter (since knights vs knights, no counter). Our defense 32.5. We would lose (40 > 32.5). But we have the location bonus already included in our 32.5. So 40 > 32.5, they win. If they have 8 knights, attack 32, we win (32 < 32.5, tie goes to defender). So we need to hope they have fewer than 9 knights. If they have a mix, their attack force is lower. For example, 10 spearmen: attack 10, with counter? If they have spearmen and we have knights, they get counter, so 10 * 1.5 = 15, we win. If they have 10 archers: attack 20, no counter (archers vs knights: knight counters archer? Actually, knight counters archer. So if we have knights and they have archers, we get the counter! So our force is multiplied by 1.5. That would be great. So if they have archers, we get counter. If they have spearmen, they get counter. If they have knights, no counter. So the dangerous case is if they have many knights. Can they have many knights? Knights are expensive (30 wood, 30 iron). The enemy has 7 turns to build. They have Badajoz (produces 30 wood, 20 iron) and likely other villages. They could have built several knights. But they also need to feed their population? The resources are per village. If they have multiple villages, they could produce more. We don't know how many villages they have. The unexplored area has 8 villages, some enemy, some neutral. The enemy capital is Lisboa. They might have 4-5 villages total. So they could have a decent army.

To be safe, we might want to send a force that doesn't give them a counter bonus, i.e., make our most numerous type something that doesn't get countered by their likely composition. But we don't know. Alternatively, we could send a force that has no most numerous type? But ties break to spearman. If we send, say, 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight, then spearman is most numerous (tiebreak). That would give us the counter if they have knights. But if they have archers, they counter us. So it's still risky.

Maybe we should not send all knights. We could send fewer knights and more spearmen? But we can't get more spearmen in time. What if we don't send the knights from Zaragoza and instead send the 2 spearman from Zaragoza? They take 3 turns, so they wouldn't arrive in time. So we can't.

What if we send a mix from Teruel that makes spearmen the most numerous? We are sending 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight from Teruel. That's 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. Plus the other knights we send: 6 knights. So total knights 8, spearman 3. Knights are most numerous. If we want spearman to be most numerous, we would need to send fewer knights. For example, if we only send 2 knights from Zaragoza instead of 3, then total knights = 2 (Zaragoza) + 1 (Castellon) + 1 (Madrid) + 1 (Teruel) + 2 (Toledo existing) = 7 knights. Still more than 3 spearman. If we send 1 knight from Zaragoza, total knights = 6. Still more. If we send 0 knights from Zaragoza, total knights = 5. Still more. To make spearman most numerous, we would need to send at least as many spearmen as knights. We only have 3 spearmen we can send in time. So we would need to send at most 3 knights. But we have 2 knights already at Toledo. So if we send only 1 additional knight, total knights = 3, spearman = 3. Then tiebreak makes spearman most numerous. That could be interesting: if we send only 1 knight (say from Madrid) and the 3 spearmen and 2 archers from Teruel, then at Toledo we have 2 existing knights + 1 = 3 knights, 3 spearman, 2 archer. Tie between knights and spearman: tiebreak order spearman, archer, knight. So spearman is most numerous. That means our most numerous is spearman. If the enemy has knights, we get the counter bonus (spearman counters knight) -> our force *1.5. If the enemy has spearmen, no counter? Actually, spearman vs spearman: no counter. If enemy has archers, they counter us (archer counters spearman). So that's a gamble.

If we send more knights, we have knights as most numerous. If enemy has archers, we get counter. If enemy has spearmen, they get counter. If enemy has knights, no counter.

Which is more likely? The enemy is attacking from the west. They might have a mix. In many games, knights are popular. But we have already lost some troops, and we have many spearmen ourselves. I think it's safer to have a large defense regardless of counter. The counter bonus is only 1.5x, but our total defense is high. If we have 13 troops, effective defense ~32. Even if the enemy gets a 1.5x multiplier, they need an attack force of >32 to win. If they have, say, 15 knights (attack 60), they'd win. But 15 knights is a lot; they'd need many resources. I think it's unlikely they have that many. So I'll stick with sending all available knights to maximize defense.

But wait: we also need to consider that after we win, we will take losses. The winner takes losses equal to the loser's effective force. If the loser's effective force is small, we lose few troops. So having a large defense minimizes our losses. So sending many troops is good.

Let's proceed with the plan as is.

Now, we need to output the JSON. Ensure the JSON is valid. The movements list has "troops" with keys "spearman", "archer", "knight". Note the spelling: in the report, it's "spearman" (with 'a'? Actually, the report says "spearman" but in the rules it says "spearman"? Let's check: In the rules: "spearman: attack 1, defense 2". In the report: "spearman" is used. In the build types, it says "spearman" | "archer" | "knight". So we must use "spearman". In my JSON, I used "spearman". Good.

Also, in the movements, the troop counts are integers. We must use the correct keys.

Let's double-check the village IDs: They are numbers. In the report, villages are listed with numbers in brackets. So we use those numbers.

Now, finalize the JSON.

One more thing: The plan says "from Madrid against Burgos". But Madrid to Burgos: road? Madrid [12] connects to [14] Burgos. So yes, we can attack Burgos from Madrid. But we are sending Madrid's knight to Toledo. So Madrid will be empty. We might need to rebuild at Madrid first. So maybe we should adjust the plan to say we will attack Burgos after rebuilding.

Plan: "Our immediate priority is to hold Toledo against the incoming enemy army. We have rushed all available fast troops from Castellon, Zaragoza, Teruel, and Madrid to reinforce the garrison. Our villages are building spearmen and knights to rebuild our forces. Once the enemy assault is repelled, we will launch a counteroffensive from Toledo against Badajoz, and from Madrid against Burgos, aiming to expand our territory and reach the 18-victory threshold."

That's fine.

Statement: "The enemy marched on Toledo, so we gathered every fast troop we could and sent them to reinforce the defense. Our villages worked to build new spearmen and knights to replenish our forces. The defense of Toledo is now strong, and we await the enemy's assault."

Now, output the JSON.

I'll make sure there are no trailing commas and the JSON is properly formatted.

Let's write it.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":18,"destinoId":8,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":17,"destinoId":8,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":3}},{"origemId":13,"destinoId":8,"tropas":{"lanceiro":3,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":12,"destinoId":8,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [20]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [13]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [13]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [8]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [8]
ACEITO envio [18]->[8]: 1K
ACEITO envio [17]->[8]: 3K
ACEITO envio [13]->[8]: 3S+2A+1K
ACEITO envio [12]->[8]: 1K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Our immediate priority is to hold Toledo against the incoming enemy army. We have rushed all available fast troops from Castellon, Zaragoza, Teruel, and Madrid to reinforce the garrison. Our villages are building spearmen and knights to rebuild our forces. Once the enemy assault is repelled, we will launch a counteroffensive from Toledo against Badajoz, and from Madrid against Burgos, aiming to expand our territory and reach the 18-victory threshold.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): The enemy marched on Toledo, so we gathered every fast troop we could and sent them to reinforce the defense. Our villages worked to build new spearmen and knights to replenish our forces. The defense of Toledo is now strong, and we await the enemy's assault.
COMBATE [19] Pamplona: atacante B Fatk=2 (ef 3) Fdef=4 (ef 5) vant=1 -> vence defensor | baixas~1
COMBATE [19] Pamplona: atacante B Fatk=4 (ef 6) Fdef=2 (ef 3) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~1
REFORCO [13] Teruel dono B: 2S
COMBATE [12] Madrid: atacante B Fatk=8 (ef 12) Fdef=8 (ef 10) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~3
COMBATE [8] Toledo: atacante B Fatk=8 (ef 8) Fdef=2 (ef 3) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~1
REFORCO [20] Huesca dono B: 3S
REFORCO [13] Teruel dono B: 1S
REFORCO [21] Tarragona dono B: 1K
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 2K
REFORCO [13] Teruel dono B: 1K
COMBATE [9] Sevilha: atacante A Fatk=8 (ef 12) Fdef=8 (ef 10) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~3
COMBATE [6] Porto: atacante A Fatk=12 (ef 12) Fdef=6 (ef 8) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~4
REFORCO [1] Santarem dono A: 1S+1K
placar: A 8 ald/tropas 4 | B 11 ald/tropas 20 | neutras 5 | transito 15 (A 10 | B 5)

########## TURNO 8 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3969 | resposta 39700 | raciocinio 33303 | finish stop | ms 421832
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 9, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 7, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 6, \"toId\": 7, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 3, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 3, \"toId\": 7, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 9, \"toId\": 11, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 9, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 1, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 5, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 2, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 0, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 4, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 4, \"toId\": 11, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 1}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Attack Madrid with Salamanca's knight; take Cordoba with Sevilha's archers and knight. Flood Badajoz with reinforcements from Santarem, Faro, Evora, Sevilha, Lisboa. Send follow-up from Badajoz to Madrid and Cordoba. Next turn: assess battles, reinforce Salamanca, plan Vigo and northern exploration. Remember to build troops.\",\n  \"statement\": \"Our armies advanced on multiple fronts today. The knight from Salamanca marched to claim the empty city of Madrid, while Sevilha's archers and knight assaulted Cordoba. We flooded Badajoz with reinforcements from across our realm to deter the enemy's heavy forces in Toledo. New troops were built to sustain our campaigns.\"\n}"
raciocinio: We are King A. We hold 9 villages out of 24. We need to hold 18 for 2 consecutive turns or eliminate all enemy villages. Enemy is King B. We have 9 villages: Lisboa (0), Santarem (1), Evora (2), Coimbra (3), Badajoz (4), Faro (5), Porto (6), Salamanca (7), Sevilha (9). We just conquered Salamanca (7) last turn? Wait, the report says "You attacked [7] Salamanca: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 1 troop)". So Salamanca is now ours, it was enemy? But the report says Salamanca is BORDER with [12] (enemy). It was enemy, now we own it. So we have 9 villages. The enemy capital is Barcelona (22), unknown garrison.

We need to plan builds and movements for this turn (Turn 8). The report gives current state at Turn 8.

Our villages:
0 Lisboa: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight (total 2). wood 30, iron 40.
1 Santarem: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight (total 1). wood 40, iron 20.
2 Evora: 0 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight (total 2). wood 30, iron 30. (1 archer marching to 9)
3 Coimbra: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight (total 2). wood 40, iron 40.
4 Badajoz: 1 spearman, 3 archer, 6 knight (total 10). wood 40, iron 20. BORDER with [8] enemy.
5 Faro: 0 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight (total 2). wood 30, iron 30.
6 Porto: 3 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight (total 3). wood 30, iron 20.
7 Salamanca: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight (total 1). wood 0, iron 0. BORDER with [12] enemy.
9 Sevilha: 3 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight (total 7). wood 30, iron 20.

Enemy villages we can see: [8] Toledo (enemy, garrison 4 spearmen, 2 archers, 7 knights, defense 33), [12] Madrid (enemy, empty, defense 0). Neutral: [10] Vigo (4 knights, defense 10), [11] Cordoba (4 spearmen, defense 10). Known from before: [13] Teruel (enemy, last seen 2 archers, 2 knights). Unexplored: 14-23.

Road network: important connections.
Our border villages: Badajoz (4) borders Toledo (8) and also connects to Sevilha (9), Faro (5), Santarem (1), Salamanca (7). Salamanca (7) borders Madrid (12). Also Porto (6) borders Vigo (10) neutral.

We need to decide builds and movements. We have resources: each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. We can build troops. Costs: spearman 15 wood, 0 iron; archer 20 wood, 10 iron; knight 30 wood, 30 iron. Cap per village: 300 troops. Currently all have low numbers.

We need to consider the enemy: King B has Toledo (8) with strong garrison (4 spearmen, 2 archers, 7 knights, defense 33). Madrid (12) is empty. They may be reinforcing. Last turn, enemy reinforcements arrived at Toledo: multiple reinforcements. They are likely building up.

Our goal: hold 18 villages. We have 9. We need to conquer 9 more (or eliminate enemy villages). Enemy has at least Toledo, Madrid, Teruel, and capital Barcelona, plus maybe others. Total 24 villages. We have 9, enemy has at least 4 (Toledo, Madrid, Teruel, Barcelona) but Madrid is empty, so maybe 3 occupied? Actually, we don't know all enemy villages. The unexplored ones: 14 Burgos, 17 Zaragoza, 16 Valencia, 15 Murcia, 18 Castellon, 19 Pamplona, 20 Huesca, 21 Tarragona, 22 Barcelona, 23 Girona. Some may be enemy, some neutral. We need to explore and conquer.

We can attack Madrid (12) since it's empty and connected to Salamanca (7) and Toledo (8) and Burgos (14) and Zaragoza (17). Taking Madrid would give us a border with Toledo and a stepping stone. Also we can attack Cordoba (11) from Sevilha (9) or Toledo (8). Cordoba is neutral with 4 spearmen, defense 10. Vigo (10) neutral with 4 knights, defense 10, from Porto (6).

We need to build troops. We have many villages with resources. Let's check each village's production and what we can build.

Village 0 Lisboa: wood 30, iron 40. Can build: spearman (15 wood) -> 2 max (30 wood), but iron 40, so can also build archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaves 10 wood, 30 iron; then maybe another spearman? Actually, we can build 2 spear (30 wood) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) total 50 wood >30, so no. We can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood) total 35 wood >30, so no. So max 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 0 spearman (20 wood, 10 iron) leaves 10 wood, 30 iron, can't build more. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) uses all wood and 30 iron, leaves 10 iron. So options: 2 spear, or 1 archer, or 1 knight. We have 2 spearman at home. We might want to build more spearman for countering knights? But spearman are cheap. However, we need to consider the enemy: Toledo has many knights (7). Spearman counter knights (1.5x). So building spearman is good. But we also need archers to counter their spearman? Actually, we need a balanced army. Let's think.

Village 1 Santarem: wood 40, iron 20. Can build: spearman (15) -> 2 (30 wood), or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaves 20 wood, 10 iron -> can build another archer? 20 wood, 10 iron, yes, 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) exactly. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) not enough iron (20). So best: 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 2 spearman (30 wood) + maybe something else? 2 spearman (30 wood) leaves 10 wood, 20 iron, can't build more. So 2 archers is good.

Village 2 Evora: wood 30, iron 30. Already has 2 archer. Can build: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaves 10 wood, 20 iron; then maybe 1 spearman? 15 wood >10, no. So 1 archer. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) uses all. Or 2 spearman (30 wood) uses all wood, leaves 30 iron. So options: 1 archer, or 1 knight, or 2 spearman. We have 1 archer marching to 9. We might want to build more archers or knights.

Village 3 Coimbra: wood 40, iron 40. Can build: 2 spearman (30 wood) leaves 10 wood, 40 iron; then 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) not enough wood (10). Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 10 wood, 10 iron; then maybe 1 spearman? 15 wood >10, no. Or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) leaves 0 wood, 20 iron. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 35 wood, 10 iron, leaves 5 wood, 30 iron. Or 2 knights? 60 wood >40, no. So best: 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight + 0? Actually, 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 10 wood, 10 iron, can't build more. Or 2 spearman (30 wood) + 1 archer? 20 wood, 10 iron, total 50 wood >40, no. So 2 archers seems good, or 1 knight + maybe something else? We can also do 1 spearman (15) + 1 archer (20) = 35 wood, 10 iron, leaves 5 wood, 30 iron. That's 2 troops. 2 archers is 2 troops. 2 spearman is 2 troops. 1 knight is 1 troop. So 2 archers or 2 spearman. We need to decide.

Village 4 Badajoz: wood 40, iron 20. Has 1 spear, 3 archer, 6 knight. Can build: 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) exactly. Or 2 spearman (30 wood) leaves 10 wood, 20 iron. Or 1 knight? 30 wood, 30 iron >20 iron, no. So 2 archers or 2 spearman. We might want to build more knights, but iron limited. We could build spearman.

Village 5 Faro: wood 30, iron 30. Has 2 archer. Can build: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaves 10 wood, 20 iron; or 2 spearman (30 wood) uses all wood; or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) uses all. So options: 1 archer, 2 spear, 1 knight.

Village 6 Porto: wood 30, iron 20. Has 3 spearman. Can build: 2 spearman (30 wood) uses all wood, leaves 20 iron; or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaves 10 wood, 10 iron; or 1 knight? 30 wood, 30 iron >20 iron, no. So 2 spearman or 1 archer.

Village 7 Salamanca: wood 0, iron 0. Nothing to build. We just conquered it, it has 1 knight. It will produce 30 wood, 20 iron next turn? Actually, the report says wood 0 (+30/turn) | iron 0 (+20/turn). So it will have 30 wood, 20 iron next turn. But this turn we can't build because it's 0.

Village 9 Sevilha: wood 30, iron 20. Has 3 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight. Can build: 2 spearman (30 wood) uses all wood, leaves 20 iron; or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaves 10 wood, 10 iron; or 1 knight? 30 wood, 30 iron >20 iron, no. So 2 spearman or 1 archer.

We need to decide on a strategy. We need to expand. Our immediate targets: Madrid (12) empty, easy to take. Cordoba (11) neutral, 4 spearmen, defense 10. Vigo (10) neutral, 4 knights, defense 10. Also we could attack Toledo (8) but it's heavily defended (defense 33). We might want to reinforce Badajoz and Salamanca to prepare for attacks. Also we have an archer marching from Evora to Sevilha (arrives in 1 turn). That will reinforce Sevilha.

We should consider the enemy's possible moves. They might attack our border villages. Badajoz has defense 25 (with location bonus). Salamanca has defense 3. So Salamanca is vulnerable. We should reinforce Salamanca. We can send troops from Porto (6) or Coimbra (3) or Badajoz (4). Salamanca connects to Porto (6), Coimbra (3), Badajoz (4), Madrid (12). We can send from Porto: 3 spearman (attack 3). From Coimbra: 2 spearman (attack 2). From Badajoz: we have 10 troops, but we might want to keep some to defend Badajoz. Badajoz defense is 25, which is high. We could send some troops to Salamanca.

Also we need to consider building troops for the next turns. We should build as many as possible in each village, prioritizing troops that are useful. Since we need to counter knights (Toledo has many), spearman are good. But we also need archers to counter their spearman? Actually, the counter triangle: spearman counters knight (1.5x), archer counters spearman (1.5x), knight counters archer (1.5x). So we need a mix. But we can just build whatever we can afford and adapt.

Let's think about the overall plan. We need 18 villages. We have 9. We can take Madrid (12) easily, then Cordoba (11), then maybe Vigo (10), then explore further. We need to move troops efficiently. The road network: from our villages, we can reach Madrid via Salamanca (7). From Sevilha (9) we can reach Cordoba (11) directly. From Porto (6) we can reach Vigo (10). From Badajoz (4) we can reach Toledo (8) and Cordoba (11) and Madrid (12) via Salamanca? Actually, Badajoz connects to Toledo (8), Sevilha (9), Faro (5), Santarem (1), Salamanca (7). So from Badajoz we can attack Toledo or reinforce Salamanca.

We should probably take Madrid this turn. We can send troops from Salamanca (7) and maybe from Badajoz (4) and Porto (6) to attack Madrid. But we must consider that troops from different villages fight separately. So we need enough troops in each send to defeat the garrison. Madrid has 0 troops, defense 0. So any troop will win. But we need to be careful: if we send troops, they will march and arrive. We can send from Salamanca: 1 knight (attack 4). That alone would take Madrid? But we need to consider that after taking Madrid, we might want to leave a garrison or continue. Actually, when we attack an enemy village, if we win, we conquer it. The troops we send become the garrison? The rules: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." And "You attacked [7] Salamanca: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 1 troop)". So the surviving troops stay there as garrison. So if we send 1 knight to Madrid, it will defeat the 0 defenders, take losses? Effective force of defender is 0, so our knight takes no losses? Actually, attrition is against the loser's effective force. If loser's effective force is 0, winner takes 0 losses. So our knight survives and becomes garrison. So we can take Madrid with just 1 knight from Salamanca. But we might want to send more to secure it and have a strong garrison. However, we also need to consider that the enemy might reinforce Madrid from Toledo or elsewhere. Toledo is connected to Madrid (12) and Cordoba (11) and Teruel (13) and Badajoz (4). So if we take Madrid, the enemy might counterattack from Toledo. So we should send enough troops to hold it.

We can send from Salamanca: 1 knight. From Badajoz: we can send some troops. From Porto: we can send troops to Madrid via Salamanca? Actually, Porto connects to Salamanca (7) and Vigo (10) and Coimbra (3). So from Porto to Madrid: Porto -> Salamanca -> Madrid. That's 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns? The report says: "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Porto. And from Salamanca to Madrid: "march from [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So total from Porto to Madrid would be 2 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns? Actually, travel time is measured along roads. The report gives per leg. So if we send from Porto to Madrid, it will take 2 turns for slow troops? But we need to consider that armies stop at the first village that is not ours. If we send from Porto to Madrid, they will pass through Salamanca (which is ours) and then to Madrid. So they won't stop at Salamanca because it's ours. So they go all the way to Madrid. The travel time: from Porto to Salamanca is 1 slow turn, then Salamanca to Madrid is 1 slow turn, so total 2 slow turns. But the report says "march from [6] Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to nearest border village [7] Salamanca. So to Madrid it would be 2 slow, etc. We need to be careful: the report only gives to the nearest border village. We can compute: from Porto to Madrid: distance is Porto-Salamanca (1) + Salamanca-Madrid (1) = 2. So 2 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns. From Badajoz to Madrid: Badajoz-Salamanca (1) + Salamanca-Madrid (1) = 2, or Badajoz-Toledo-Madrid? Badajoz connects to Toledo (8) and Salamanca (7) and Madrid (12)? Actually, road network: [4] Badajoz: [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. So Badajoz connects to Salamanca (7) and Toledo (8) and Sevilha (9) etc. It does NOT connect directly to Madrid (12). Madrid (12) connects to [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza. So from Badajoz to Madrid, the shortest path is Badajoz -> Salamanca -> Madrid (2 steps) or Badajoz -> Toledo -> Madrid (2 steps). So also 2 steps. So travel time similar.

We need to decide which troops to send where. We also have an archer marching from Evora to Sevilha, arriving in 1 turn. That will add to Sevilha's garrison.

Let's consider building. We should build troops to replace losses and increase our forces. We lost 1 troop in Salamanca (the report says "your losses: 1 troop"). So we need to rebuild. We can build in our villages.

I think we should focus on taking Madrid and Cordoba. Also we should send troops to reinforce Salamanca because it's vulnerable (defense 3). We can send from Badajoz some troops to Salamanca. Badajoz has 10 troops: 1 spear, 3 archer, 6 knight. We could send, say, 1 spear, 1 archer, 2 knights to Salamanca? But we need to keep some in Badajoz to defend against Toledo. Badajoz defense is 25, which is decent. But if the enemy attacks with a large force, they might overcome. We should keep a good garrison. Let's see: Toledo has 4 spear, 2 archer, 7 knights (total 13). Their attack power: spearman attack 1, archer 2, knight 4. Most numerous type: knights (7) so they get knight counter? Actually, counter triangle: the most numerous type sets the counter matchup. They have 7 knights, so they are "knights" for counter purposes? Wait, the rule: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So for the enemy at Toledo, most numerous is knight (7). So their army is considered knights. That means they are weak against spearman (which get 1.5x bonus). So if we attack Toledo with spearman, we get a bonus. But we are defending Badajoz. The defender gets defense bonus. The counter matchup applies to the attacker? The rule: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So the counter applies to the attacker's force. The defender does not get a counter bonus? Actually, it says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't specify attacker or defender. But typically in such games, the counter applies to the attacking force. However, the rule says "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup". So both armies have a most numerous type. The attacker gets a bonus if their most numerous type counters the defender's most numerous type? Or is it that the attacker's force is multiplied by 1.5 if they have the counter against the defender's force? The wording: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counts spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't specify who gets it. But then: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So each army has a type. Then the attacker's type vs defender's type: if attacker's type counters defender's type, attacker gets 1.5x? Or if defender's type counters attacker's type, defender gets 1.5x? The phrase "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5" suggests that if your type counters the opponent's type, you get the bonus. So both sides could potentially get a bonus if they counter the other? But the triangle is asymmetric: if A counters B, then B does not counter A. So only one side can have the counter. So if attacker's most numerous type counters defender's most numerous type, attacker gets 1.5x. If defender's type counters attacker's type, defender gets 1.5x? But the rule says "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs." So the defender uses defense, not attack. So the counter might only apply to the attacker's attack? Actually, it says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It could be that the attacker's force is multiplied if they have the counter, and the defender's force (which is defense-based) is multiplied if they have the counter? But the defender's force is their defense, not attack. The counter is based on troop types, which have attack and defense values. The counter triangle is about troop types: spearman counters knight, etc. So if the defender's most numerous type is knight, and the attacker's most numerous type is spearman, then the attacker has the counter, so attacker's force is multiplied by 1.5. If the defender's most numerous type is spearman, and attacker's is archer, attacker has counter. If defender's most numerous is archer, and attacker's is knight, attacker has counter. So the attacker always gets the counter if they choose the right type? But the defender's type is determined by their garrison. So the attacker can adapt. In defense, the defender doesn't get a counter bonus? The rule doesn't mention defender getting a counter bonus. It says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It might apply to both attack and defense? But typically in these rules, the counter is for the attacker. Let's check the example: "spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer." So if I attack with spearman against a knight-heavy defender, I get 1.5x. If I attack with knight against an archer-heavy defender, I get 1.5x. If I defend, my defense is just the sum of defense values times location bonus. The counter doesn't help the defender. That makes sense because the defender is in their fortification. So we should consider that when defending, our troop mix doesn't give us a counter bonus; we just have high defense. When attacking, we should choose a troop type that counters the defender's most numerous type.

Now, for Badajoz: it is our village, we are defending. The enemy might attack it. Their most numerous type at Toledo is knight (7). So if they attack Badajoz, they would be attacking with knights, which are countered by spearman. But they are the attacker, so they would need to have a type that counters our most numerous type to get a bonus. Our most numerous type at Badajoz is knight (6). Knight counters archer. So if the enemy attacks with archers, they would get a bonus. But they have mostly knights. So if they attack with knights, they don't counter our knights (knight vs knight: no counter). So they would not get a bonus. So Badajoz is relatively safe from Toledo because they would need to send archers to get a bonus, but they have mostly knights. They could send their archers and spearmen, but then their most numerous might be something else. So Badajoz is okay.

Salamanca: we have 1 knight. Most numerous is knight. Enemy from Madrid (empty) or Toledo could attack. If they attack with archers, they get bonus. But Madrid is empty, so they would need to bring troops from Toledo. Toledo has 7 knights, 2 archers, 4 spearmen. They could send a mixed force. So Salamanca is vulnerable. We should reinforce it with troops that have good defense. Spearman have defense 2, archer 2, knight 2. Actually, all have defense 2 base. But location bonus: in a village, defense counts x1.25; in a castle x1.5. Salamanca is a village? The report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 3" for Salamanca. With 1 knight, base defense 2, village bonus 1.25 gives 2.5, rounded? Actually, 2 * 1.25 = 2.5, but the report says 3. Maybe they round up? Or maybe the effective defense includes something else. Anyway, we want to increase the defense. Adding more troops increases the defense sum. The effective defense is the sum of defense values of all troops, times location bonus. So to make Salamanca harder to take, we should send troops with high defense. All have defense 2, so any troop adds 2 base, then multiplied by 1.25 = 2.5 per troop. So sending any troops helps.

We also need to consider that we want to attack Madrid and Cordoba. For Madrid, we can send from Salamanca (1 knight) and maybe from Badajoz. For Cordoba, we can send from Sevilha (9) or Badajoz (4) or Faro (5). Cordoba has 4 spearmen, defense 10. To attack Cordoba, we need to defeat its garrison. The garrison is 4 spearmen. Their most numerous type is spearman. So to counter, we should attack with archers (archer counters spearman). So we should send archers to attack Cordoba. We have archers in Sevilha (3), Badajoz (3), Evora (2), Faro (2). We can gather them.

Let's plan builds for this turn. We need to produce troops for the next turns. We should build in all villages that can build, prioritizing useful types. Since we need to attack Cordoba with archers, we should build archers where possible. Also we need spearman for defense and to counter knights. Knights are fast and can be used for quick attacks.

Let's list each village's optimal build given resources and our needs:

Village 0 Lisboa: wood 30, iron 40. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). We might want to build 1 knight because we have iron and it's a strong unit. But we already have many knights? Actually, we have knights in Badajoz (6), Sevilha (1), Santarem (1), Salamanca (1). Total knights: 9. We could build more. But Lisboa is interior, not border. We might want to build a mix. I think 1 knight is good because it uses the iron and gives a fast unit. Or we could build 2 spearman to reinforce our spearman count. Let's see our total troops: we have 11 spearman, 10 archer, 9 knight (plus 1 marching archer). We need more spearman to counter knights. Actually, spearman are cheap and counter knights. So building spearman is good. But we also need archers for offense. Let's decide later.

Village 1 Santarem: wood 40, iron 20. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) exactly. That's good because we need archers for Cordoba. Or 2 spearman (30 wood) leaves 10 wood, 20 iron. I think 2 archers is better because we need archers to attack Cordoba. Also Santarem is interior, but it can send troops to Badajoz or Salamanca. We'll build 2 archers.

Village 2 Evora: wood 30, iron 30. Has 2 archer, 1 marching. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaves 10 wood, 20 iron; or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron); or 2 spearman (30 wood). We need archers. So 1 archer is good. But we could also build 1 knight for speed. Let's build 1 archer to add to our archer pool. Or we could build 2 spearman for defense. I think we should build 1 archer because we need archers for Cordoba. But we also need spearman. Let's see: we have 10 archers total (including the marching one). If we take Cordoba, we might lose some. So building more archers is good. I'll build 1 archer.

Village 3 Coimbra: wood 40, iron 40. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + maybe 1 spearman? 1 knight (30) + 1 spearman (15) = 45 wood >40, no. 1 knight + 1 archer? 30+20=50 >40. So 2 archers or 2 spearman or 1 knight. We need archers. 2 archers is good. Or we could build 1 knight and have 10 wood, 10 iron left, but can't build more. So 2 archers gives 2 troops. I'll build 2 archers.

Village 4 Badajoz: wood 40, iron 20. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 2 spearman (30 wood). We need archers for Cordoba. Badajoz is close to Cordoba (via Sevilha? Actually, Badajoz connects to Sevilha (9) and Toledo (8) and Cordoba (11)? Road: [4] Badajoz: [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. So Badajoz to Cordoba: Badajoz -> Sevilha (9) -> Cordoba (11)? Sevilha connects to Cordoba (11). So Badajoz to Cordoba is 2 steps: Badajoz-Sevilha, Sevilha-Cordoba. Or Badajoz-Toledo-Cordoba? Toledo connects to Cordoba (11). So also 2 steps. So Badajoz can send troops to Cordoba. We should build archers there. 2 archers is good. But we also need to defend Badajoz. We have 10 troops there. If we build 2 archers, we add 2 archers. That's fine. I'll build 2 archers.

Village 5 Faro: wood 30, iron 30. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). We need archers. 1 archer is good. Or we could build 1 knight for speed. Let's build 1 archer.

Village 6 Porto: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). We need spearman for defense and countering. Porto is near Vigo (neutral, 4 knights). If we attack Vigo, we need to counter knights: spearman counters knights. So we should build spearman for the Vigo campaign. So 2 spearman is good. Also we have 3 spearman already. So building 2 more gives 5 spearman. That's a good attacking force for Vigo. I'll build 2 spearman.

Village 7 Salamanca: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build. Next turn it will have resources.

Village 9 Sevilha: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). We need archers for Cordoba. Sevilha is close to Cordoba (1 step). We have 3 archers there. Building 1 archer gives 4 archers. Or we could build 2 spearman for defense. But we need archers to attack Cordoba. I think 1 archer is better because we can send them to Cordoba. Also we have 3 spearman already, which is okay. Let's build 1 archer.

So total builds: 
Lisboa: ? We didn't decide. Let's decide: Lisboa has wood 30, iron 40. Options: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. We need to see our overall troop counts. After builds above, we would add: Santarem 2 archers, Evora 1 archer, Coimbra 2 archers, Badajoz 2 archers, Faro 1 archer, Porto 2 spearman, Sevilha 1 archer. That's 9 archers and 2 spearman. Plus Lisboa: if we build 2 spearman, we get 4 spearman total new. If we build 1 knight, we get a knight. If we build 1 archer, we get another archer. We need to consider the attack on Cordoba: we need archers. We are building many archers. We also need spearman for Vigo and for general defense. Let's check our current total troops at home (excluding marching): 11 spear, 10 archer, 9 knight. After builds (excluding Lisboa), we add 2 spear, 9 archer = 13 spear, 19 archer, 9 knight. That's a lot of archers. We might want more spearman. So Lisboa should build 2 spearman. That gives total new: 4 spearman, 9 archers. Then we have 15 spearman, 19 archer, 9 knight. That's balanced. Also we need knights for speed, but we have 9 already. So I'll build 2 spearman in Lisboa.

But wait: Lisboa has wood 30, iron 40. 2 spearman cost 30 wood, 0 iron. That uses all wood, leaves 40 iron. That's fine. We can't build more because wood is empty. So 2 spearman is good.

Now, movements. We need to decide where to send our available troops. We have troops at home in each village. We can send them to attack or reinforce. We must consider that orders are simultaneous, so we need to anticipate enemy moves.

Our immediate goals:
- Take Madrid (12) to expand and secure a border.
- Take Cordoba (11) to expand south.
- Take Vigo (10) to expand north.
- Reinforce Salamanca (7) because it's vulnerable.
- Possibly reinforce Badajoz (4) but it's already strong.

Let's consider Madrid: it's empty. We can take it with any force. We should send a force that can hold it. We can send from Salamanca (7): 1 knight. That's enough to take it, but it might be too weak to hold against enemy counterattack from Toledo. Toledo is 1 step away. The enemy could send troops to retake Madrid. So we should send more. We can also send from Badajoz (4) to Madrid. Badajoz has 10 troops. We could send, say, 1 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knights? But we need to keep some in Badajoz. Let's see: Badajoz has 1 spear, 3 archer, 6 knight. If we send 1 spear, 1 archer, 2 knights, that leaves 0 spear, 2 archer, 4 knight. That's still a decent garrison. But we need to consider that the enemy might attack Badajoz. Toledo has 13 troops. They could send a large force. Badajoz defense is 25. With 4 knights, 2 archers, defense: each knight defense 2, archer 2. Total base defense: 4*2 + 2*2 = 12. Location bonus x1.25 = 15. So effective defense would be 15, down from 25. That might be too low. So we shouldn't reduce Badajoz too much. Maybe we send only 1 knight from Badajoz to Madrid? Or we can send from Porto to Madrid? Porto has 3 spearman. We could send them to Madrid via Salamanca. But they are spearman, which are slow. They would take 2 slow turns to reach Madrid. Meanwhile, the enemy might reinforce Madrid. But Madrid is empty now, so if we send troops, they will arrive and take it. However, if the enemy also sends troops to Madrid, they might meet on the road. We need to be careful.

Actually, the enemy might not send troops to Madrid because they don't know we are attacking? But they see our movements if we march near them. The fog of war: we see villages connected to ours. Madrid is connected to Salamanca (ours) and Toledo (enemy). So we can see Madrid. The enemy can see Madrid from Toledo. They might see our army marching if it enters their sight? The rule: "You see: your own villages, every village directly connected to one of yours by road, and the destination of each army you have on the march." So if we march from Salamanca to Madrid, the enemy might see us if Madrid is connected to their village? Actually, they see villages connected to theirs. Toledo is connected to Madrid. So they can see Madrid. They might see our army arriving? The rule says they see "the destination of each army you have on the march" only if it's within their sight? Actually, the fog of war section: "You do NOT see the whole map. You see: your own villages, every village directly connected to one of yours by road, and the destination of each army you have on the march." That's for us. For the enemy: "The enemy is under the same rule: they see you only where their villages and armies reach." So if we march from Salamanca to Madrid, our army's destination is Madrid. Madrid is connected to Toledo (enemy). So the enemy can see Madrid, and thus they can see our army marching to Madrid? They see "the destination of each army you have on the march" but only if they have a village connected to that destination? The rule is a bit ambiguous. But likely they will see our army coming. So they might send reinforcements to Madrid or attack Salamanca.

We need to be prepared for a counterattack. So we should send a strong force to Madrid that can hold it. We can send from Salamanca (1 knight) and from Badajoz (some troops) and maybe from Porto. But we must coordinate. Since orders are simultaneous, we can send multiple armies. They will arrive at different times? Actually, they march along roads. If we send from Salamanca and Badajoz to Madrid, they will both go to Madrid. But they fight separately? The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if we send two armies to Madrid, they will fight the garrison (if any) separately. If the garrison is 0, the first one will take it and the second one will arrive and... what? They arrive at a village we now own. They join the garrison. So it's fine. But if the enemy also sends troops to Madrid, they might meet on the road.

Let's think about the timing. We are at Turn 8. We order builds and movements. The movements will take some turns. We need to decide which troops to send where.

I propose the following movements:
- From Salamanca (7): send the 1 knight to Madrid (12). This will take 1 fast turn? Actually, from Salamanca to Madrid: "march from [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So knight is fast, so 1 turn. So they arrive next turn (Turn 9). They will take Madrid if it's still empty. But we need to consider that the enemy might also send troops to Madrid. If they send troops from Toledo to Madrid, they would take 1 fast turn as well (knights are fast). So they could arrive same turn. But since orders are simultaneous, we don't know. We have to guess. We can also send troops from Badajoz to Madrid. From Badajoz to Madrid: 2 steps. If we send knights from Badajoz, they take 2 fast turns? Actually, travel time: Badajoz to Madrid via Salamanca: Badajoz-Salamanca (1 fast) + Salamanca-Madrid (1 fast) = 2 fast turns. So they would arrive on Turn 10. That's later. So they wouldn't help on Turn 9. But we might want to send them to reinforce later.

Maybe we should send a larger force from Salamanca? But Salamanca only has 1 knight. We could send troops from Porto to Salamanca to reinforce it, and then from Salamanca to Madrid? But that would take more turns. We could send from Porto to Madrid directly: Porto -> Salamanca -> Madrid. That's 2 steps. If we send spearman (slow), they take 2 slow turns = 2 turns? Actually, "2 slow turns" means 2 turns? The report says "march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns". That means the number of turns is different for each speed. So a slow troop takes more turns than a fast troop for the same distance. For a distance of 1, slow might take 1 turn, medium 1 turn, fast 1 turn? Actually, the report says "from here to your nearest border village [4] Badajoz: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means for that specific distance, slow troops take 2 turns, medium take 1, fast take 1. So the distance is measured in "slow turns"? It seems that the number of turns depends on the speed. So for a given road distance, slow troops take more turns. So from Salamanca to Madrid, the report says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means all take 1 turn? That seems odd. Maybe it's because the distance is 1? Actually, the report for Salamanca says: "march from [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Madrid. So for that leg, all speeds take 1 turn. That implies the distance is such that even slow troops can do it in 1 turn. So from Salamanca to Madrid, any troop takes 1 turn. From Porto to Salamanca: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So also 1 turn. So from Porto to Madrid would be 2 turns for all? Because Porto->Salamanca (1 turn) + Salamanca->Madrid (1 turn) = 2 turns. But if we send from Porto to Madrid directly, they will pass through Salamanca. The travel time would be the sum: 2 turns for any speed? But wait, if slow troops take 1 turn per leg, then 2 legs = 2 turns. Fast troops also 2 turns? That would mean speed doesn't matter for multi-leg journeys? That can't be. The report says "march from [6] Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Salamanca. So for that leg, all take 1 turn. Then from Salamanca to Madrid, all take 1 turn. So total 2 turns for all. But then what's the point of speed? Speed matters when the distance is longer. For example, from Lisboa to Badajoz: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So for that distance, slow take 2 turns, medium and fast take 1 turn. So speed matters when the road distance is longer than a certain threshold. The rule: "Travel time is measured along the roads: a village that looks close on the map can be far by road." So the report gives the exact number of turns for each speed. So we must use those numbers.

Thus, from Salamanca to Madrid: 1 turn for all. So if we send the knight from Salamanca, it arrives next turn (Turn 9). If we send from Badajoz to Madrid: Badajoz to Madrid is not directly given. We need to compute. Badajoz connects to Salamanca (7) and Toledo (8). The report gives from Badajoz to nearest border village [7] Salamanca: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So Badajoz to Salamanca: slow 2 turns, medium 1, fast 1. Then Salamanca to Madrid: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So total from Badajoz to Madrid via Salamanca: slow: 2+1=3 turns? But careful: the travel time is not simply additive because the speed might change? Actually, the army marches at the speed of its slowest troop. So if we send a mixed army, it moves at the slowest speed. The number of turns is determined by the distance and the speed. The report gives the number of turns for each speed for a specific route. So for Badajoz to Salamanca, it's 2 slow turns, meaning if you send slow troops, they take 2 turns; if you send medium, 1 turn; fast, 1 turn. Then from Salamanca to Madrid, it's 1 turn for all. So if we send slow troops from Badajoz to Madrid, they would take 2 turns to reach Salamanca, then 1 turn to Madrid, total 3 turns. If we send fast troops, they take 1 turn to Salamanca, then 1 turn to Madrid, total 2 turns. So speed matters.

So we need to consider the travel times carefully.

Let's list the march times from our villages to potential targets:

Targets: Madrid (12), Cordoba (11), Vigo (10), Toledo (8), also we can reinforce our own villages.

From Salamanca (7):
- to Madrid (12): 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast (so 1 turn for all)
- to Badajoz (4): ? Not given, but Salamanca connects to Badajoz. The report gives from Badajoz to Salamanca: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So from Salamanca to Badajoz is the same: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast.
- to Porto (6): from Porto to Salamanca is 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast, so same.
- to Coimbra (3): Coimbra to Salamanca? Coimbra connects to Salamanca? Road: [3] Coimbra: [1], [6], [7]. So Coimbra to Salamanca: not given directly. We can infer from Coimbra to Porto to Salamanca? Actually, Coimbra connects to Porto (6) and Salamanca (7). So Coimbra to Salamanca is a direct road. The report gives from Coimbra to nearest border village [7] Salamanca: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So Coimbra to Salamanca: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast.

From Badajoz (4):
- to Salamanca (7): 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast
- to Toledo (8): "march from [4] Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to [8] Toledo? The report says: "from here to your nearest border village [4] Badajoz: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Lisboa? Actually, the report for each village gives march times to the nearest border village. For Badajoz, it says: "from here to your nearest border village [4] Badajoz: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" - wait, that's for Lisboa. Let's read carefully:

The report under "YOUR VILLAGES" has for each village a line: "from here to your nearest border village [x] ...: ... turns". That is the march time from that village to its nearest border village. For Badajoz, it is itself? Actually, Badajoz is a border village. So it doesn't have that line? Let's check:

[0] Lisboa: "from here to your nearest border village [4] Badajoz: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
[1] Santarem: "from here to your nearest border village [4] Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
[2] Evora: "from here to your nearest border village [4] Badajoz: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
[3] Coimbra: "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
[4] Badajoz: no such line (it is the border village itself)
[5] Faro: "from here to your nearest border village [4] Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
[6] Porto: "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
[7] Salamanca: "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? Actually, it says: "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" - wait, that's for Salamanca itself? Let's read: "[7] Salamanca | BORDER with [12] (enemy) | ... | from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That seems odd. Probably it means from Salamanca to the nearest border village, which is itself? Or maybe it's a mistake? Actually, Salamanca is a border village. So the "nearest border village" might be the one it borders? The line might be: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: ..."? But it says "[7] Salamanca". Let's re-read: "[7] Salamanca | BORDER with [12] (enemy) | wood 0 (+30/turn) | iron 0 (+20/turn) | effective defense (location bonus included): 3 | troops at home: 1 / 300
    AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight (attack power if all sent: 4)
    from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
That is confusing. Maybe it's a typo and it should be "[12] Madrid"? But it says "[7] Salamanca". Perhaps it means the march time from Salamanca to the border village it is connected to? But it is the border village. Actually, looking at the pattern: for interior villages, they give the time to the nearest border village. For border villages, they might give the time to the nearest enemy village? For Badajoz, there is no such line. For Salamanca, there is a line but it says "[7] Salamanca". That might be a copy-paste error. Let's look at the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" section: for [12] Madrid, it says "march from [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So that's the time from Salamanca to Madrid. So for Salamanca, the "nearest border village" might be Madrid? But it says "[7] Salamanca". I think it's a mistake in the report. We should use the times given in the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" section for specific routes.

From the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" section:
[8] Toledo: "march from [4] Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
[10] Vigo: "march from [6] Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
[11] Cordoba: "march from [9] Sevilha: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
[12] Madrid: "march from [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"

So we have direct march times to these visible villages from our border villages.

Also from "YOUR VILLAGES" we have times to nearest border village for interior villages. Those border villages are Badajoz or Salamanca. So we can use those to compute times to other places.

For example, from Lisboa (0) to Badajoz (4): 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. Then from Badajoz to Toledo (8): 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So Lisboa to Toledo: slow: 2+1=3, medium: 1+1=2, fast: 1+1=2. But careful: the army stops at Badajoz if it's not ours? Badajoz is ours, so they pass through. So they can go all the way.

Now, we need to decide movements. Let's consider the attack on Madrid. We can send from Salamanca (7): 1 knight. That takes 1 turn. We can also send from Badajoz (4) to Madrid. From Badajoz to Madrid: we need to compute. Badajoz to Salamanca: from the interior villages' lines, we have times to Badajoz. For example, Santarem to Badajoz: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So Badajoz to Santarem is the same. But we need Badajoz to Salamanca. We have from Coimbra to Salamanca: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. But that's Coimbra to Salamanca. Badajoz to Salamanca: we can infer from the fact that Salamanca is connected to Badajoz. The report doesn't give it directly, but we can use the time from Salamanca to Badajoz? Actually, for Salamanca, the line says "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That's weird. Maybe it's "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid"? But it says [7]. Let's assume it's a typo and it should be the time to Madrid. So from Salamanca to Madrid is 1/1/1. For Badajoz, we don't have a direct time to Madrid. But we can look at the road network: Badajoz connects to Salamanca and Toledo. So to go to Madrid, the shortest path is Badajoz -> Salamanca -> Madrid, or Badajoz -> Toledo -> Madrid. Both are 2 steps. We need the time for Badajoz -> Salamanca. We have times from interior villages to Badajoz, but not from Badajoz to Salamanca. However, we can use the time from Salamanca to Badajoz if we assume symmetry. The report gives for Lisboa to Badajoz: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. That's Lisboa to Badajoz. For Santarem to Badajoz: 1/1/1. For Evora to Badajoz: 2/1/1. For Faro to Badajoz: 1/1/1. So Badajoz is close to many. But Salamanca is also a border village. We have from Coimbra to Salamanca: 2/1/1. From Porto to Salamanca: 1/1/1. So Salamanca is close to Porto and Coimbra. What about Badajoz to Salamanca? They are connected. The distance might be similar to Porto-Salamanca? Actually, looking at the map: Badajoz is west of Salamanca? The road network: [4] Badajoz connects to [1] Santarem, [5] Faro, [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha. So Badajoz-Salamanca is a direct road. We don't have the time given. But we can infer from the fact that from Salamanca, the "nearest border village" line might actually be the time to its nearest border village, which is Madrid? But it says [7] Salamanca. That is confusing. Let's read the original report carefully:

"[7] Salamanca | BORDER with [12] (enemy) | wood 0 (+30/turn) | iron 0 (+20/turn) | effective defense (location bonus included): 3 | troops at home: 1 / 300
    AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight (attack power if all sent: 4)
    from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"

Maybe it's a mistake and it should be "[12] Madrid"? Because it says "BORDER with [12] (enemy)". So the nearest border village is Madrid? But it says [7] Salamanca. Possibly the template had a placeholder that wasn't updated. I think we should ignore that line and use the time from the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" section for Madrid: "march from [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So Salamanca to Madrid is 1 turn for all speeds.

For Badajoz to Madrid, we don't have a direct time. But we can estimate: Badajoz to Salamanca is likely 1 turn for fast, maybe 2 for slow? Since Badajoz to Toledo is 1/1/1 (from the visible section: "march from [4] Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Toledo). So Badajoz to Toledo is 1 turn for all. Badajoz to Salamanca might be similar. Let's assume Badajoz to Salamanca is also 1 turn for all? But then from Salamanca to Madrid is 1 turn, so Badajoz to Madrid would be 2 turns for all. However, we have the line from Lisboa to Badajoz: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So Lisboa to Badajoz is 2 slow turns. That suggests that the distance from Lisboa to Badajoz is longer. Badajoz to Salamanca might be 1 turn for fast, but maybe 2 for slow? We need to be careful. Since we don't have the exact time, we might not want to rely on sending troops from Badajoz to Madrid if timing is critical. We can send from Salamanca directly.

Another option: send from Porto to Madrid. Porto to Salamanca is 1/1/1, then Salamanca to Madrid is 1/1/1, so total 2 turns for all. So any troop from Porto takes 2 turns to reach Madrid. From Coimbra to Salamanca: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast, then to Madrid: +1 turn? So Coimbra to Madrid: slow: 2+1=3, medium: 1+1=2, fast: 1+1=2.

So the fastest way to Madrid is from Salamanca itself (1 turn). So we should send the knight from Salamanca to Madrid now. It will arrive next turn and take Madrid. But is 1 knight enough to hold? If the enemy sends troops from Toledo to Madrid, they could arrive next turn as well (Toledo to Madrid: from the visible section, we don't have Toledo to Madrid time, but Madrid is connected to Toledo. The report says for Madrid: "march from [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". It doesn't give from Toledo. But by symmetry, Toledo to Madrid is probably also 1 turn for all. So the enemy could send knights from Toledo to Madrid and arrive same turn as our knight. Then they would fight. Our knight has attack 4, defense 2. Enemy knights have attack 4, defense 2. If they send, say, 7 knights, they would overwhelm our single knight. But we don't know if they will send. They might see us coming and send reinforcements. Or they might not. We need to consider that we can also send troops from other places to Madrid, but they will arrive later. Perhaps we should send a larger force from Salamanca? But Salamanca only has 1 knight. We could send troops from Porto to Salamanca to reinforce Salamanca, and then next turn send them to Madrid. But that gives the enemy time to react.

Maybe we should attack Madrid with more than 1 knight. We can send troops from Badajoz to Salamanca? But they would take time. Let's think about the enemy's likely actions. The enemy is King B. They have Toledo with a large garrison. They might be planning to attack our border villages. They attacked Toledo with reinforcements last turn, meaning they are building up. They might attack Badajoz or Salamanca. If we send our only knight from Salamanca to Madrid, Salamanca will be left with 0 troops. That's very risky because Salamanca has defense 3 (with the knight it was 3, without it's 0? Actually, effective defense 3 includes the knight. If we remove the knight, defense becomes 0). So Salamanca would be undefended. The enemy could attack Salamanca from Madrid or Toledo and take it easily. So we should not leave Salamanca empty. We should keep at least some troops there, or send reinforcements from elsewhere.

We can send troops from Porto or Coimbra to Salamanca to reinforce it. For example, from Porto we have 3 spearman. We can send them to Salamanca. That takes 1 turn (since Porto to Salamanca is 1/1/1). They would arrive next turn. But if we send them now, they will arrive next turn. Meanwhile, we could send the knight from Salamanca to Madrid this turn, and the Porto spearman arrive next turn to hold Salamanca. But what about this turn? If we send the knight away, Salamanca has 0 troops. If the enemy attacks Salamanca this turn (i.e., they send troops from Madrid or Toledo to Salamanca), they would arrive next turn? Actually, if they send from Toledo to Salamanca, they would go Toledo -> ? Toledo connects to Salamanca? Road: [8] Toledo: [4], [11], [12], [13]. So Toledo does NOT connect directly to Salamanca. Toledo connects to Badajoz, Cordoba, Madrid, Teruel. So to attack Salamanca, they would have to go through Madrid or Badajoz. So they would need to first take Madrid or Badajoz. So Salamanca is safe from direct attack as long as we hold Madrid and Badajoz. So if we send the knight to Madrid, we are taking Madrid, which protects Salamanca. But if the enemy already has troops in Madrid? Madrid is empty. So they don't have troops there. They could send troops from Toledo to Madrid, and then from Madrid to Salamanca? But that would take multiple turns. So taking Madrid now is good.

But what if the enemy sends troops from Toledo to Madrid at the same time? They could send, say, knights from Toledo to Madrid. They would arrive next turn. Our knight arrives next turn. They would meet at Madrid? Actually, if both send to Madrid, the armies are on the road. The rule: "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there: head-on, or when one catches up with the other on the same stretch of road." So if both are marching to Madrid, they might meet on the road between Toledo and Madrid. Since they are both heading to Madrid, they would meet on the road. The battle would occur on the road (open field). Our knight vs their knights. If they send more knights, they win, and they continue to Madrid? Actually, the winner keeps marching. So if they defeat our knight, they would take Madrid. If we defeat them, we take Madrid. So it's a gamble. We could send a larger force from somewhere else to Madrid to ensure victory. But we only have 1 knight in Salamanca. We could send from Badajoz to Madrid. Let's see if we can send from Badajoz to Madrid such that they arrive at the same time or earlier? Badajoz to Madrid: we need the time. If Badajoz to Madrid takes 2 turns for fast, they would arrive on Turn 10, while the knight from Salamanca arrives Turn 9. So they wouldn't help for the initial fight. But if we send from Badajoz to Salamanca? That doesn't help directly.

Maybe we should not send the knight from Salamanca to Madrid. Instead, we should send reinforcements to Salamanca first, and then next turn send a larger force to Madrid. But that gives the enemy a turn to reinforce Madrid or attack elsewhere.

Let's consider the bigger picture. We need to expand. Taking Madrid is good because it's empty and gives us a border with Toledo and a route north. But we need to do it safely. Perhaps we can send a mixed force from Badajoz to Madrid? Badajoz has 10 troops. We could send, say, 1 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knights to Madrid. They would take 2 turns (if fast) or 3 (if slow). But we need to know the time. Let's try to deduce Badajoz to Madrid time. We know Badajoz to Toledo is 1/1/1. Toledo to Madrid: from the road network, Toledo connects to Madrid. We don't have the time, but likely it's 1/1/1 as well since they are close. So Badajoz to Madrid via Toledo would be 2 turns for all. Via Salamanca: Badajoz to Salamanca: we need that time. We can look at the map: Salamanca is east of Badajoz. The distance might be similar to Badajoz-Toledo. I'll assume Badajoz to Salamanca is also 1/1/1. Then Salamanca to Madrid is 1/1/1, so total 2 turns. So from Badajoz to Madrid, any troop takes 2 turns. So if we send from Badajoz now, they arrive Turn 10. The enemy from Toledo to Madrid takes 1 turn (if they send now, arrive Turn 9). So they would take Madrid on Turn 9, and then we would arrive on Turn 10 to fight them at Madrid. That could work: we retake Madrid. But we would lose troops. Better to send from Salamanca to intercept? Actually, if the enemy takes Madrid on Turn 9, they become the garrison. Then our army from Badajoz arrives on Turn 10 and attacks Madrid. That's a siege. We would be attacking a garrison. That's possible but we need enough troops.

Alternatively, we can send from Salamanca to Madrid to take it on Turn 9, and also send from Badajoz to Madrid to reinforce on Turn 10. That way, we have a garrison on Turn 9, and if the enemy attacks on Turn 9, they fight our knight. If they send a large force, they might defeat our knight and take Madrid. Then our Badajoz force arrives and attacks them. It's messy.

Maybe we should focus on taking Cordoba instead of Madrid? Cordoba is neutral, 4 spearmen, defense 10. We can attack from Sevilha (9) or Badajoz (4). Sevilha to Cordoba: 1/1/1. So we can send troops from Sevilha to Cordoba. Sevilha has 3 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight. We can send a force of archers to counter their spearmen. If we send, say, 3 archers and 1 knight? But we need to consider the fight: Cordoba garrison: 4 spearmen. Their most numerous is spearman. We want to counter with archers. So we should send archers as the main force. We have 3 archers in Sevilha. We can send them. Attack power: archer attack 2, so 3 archers have attack 6. Defender defense: spearman defense 2, times 4 = 8, but location bonus: village defense x1.25? The effective defense given is 10 (location bonus included). So the defenders have effective defense 10. Our attack: 3 archers attack = 6. We need to beat 10. We would lose. We need more. We could also send the knight (attack 4) and spearman (attack 1). But the most numerous type sets the counter. If we send 3 archers and 1 knight, most numerous is archer (3). Archer counters spearman? Actually, archer counters spearman. So we get a 1.5x bonus. Our effective force: attack sum = 3*2 + 4 = 10. With 1.5x bonus = 15. That beats 10. So we would win. But we take losses. The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So our force of 15 vs their 10, we win, but we lose some troops. The attrition is based on the loser's effective force? Actually, "attrition against the loser's effective force" means the winner loses troops equal to some proportion of the loser's force? The rule doesn't specify exactly. It says: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER. The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So we need to know how many losses. Probably it's a straight subtraction? Not sure. But we can assume we'll lose some troops. So we need to be prepared.

We can also send troops from Badajoz to Cordoba. Badajoz to Cordoba: via Sevilha? Badajoz to Sevilha: from the road, Badajoz connects to Sevilha (9). We don't have the time. But from Sevilha to Cordoba is 1/1/1. So if Badajoz to Sevilha is 1/1/1, then Badajoz to Cordoba is 2 turns. Or via Toledo: Badajoz to Toledo 1/1/1, Toledo to Cordoba: from road, Toledo connects to Cordoba (11). We don't have that time, but likely 1/1/1. So also 2 turns. So Badajoz to Cordoba is 2 turns. So we can send from Badajoz as well.

But we need to decide which front to prioritize. We have limited troops. We should probably take both Madrid and Cordoba, but we need to do it efficiently.

Let's list our available troops for movement (the ones we can send now from each village, excluding the ones already marching):

Lisboa (0): 2 spearman
Santarem (1): 1 knight
Evora (2): 2 archer (but 1 archer is marching to Sevilha, so available: 2 archer? Wait, the report says: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight" for Evora. And "already marching out (NOT available): 1 archer". So we have 2 archer available at Evora.
Coimbra (3): 2 spearman
Badajoz (4): 1 spearman, 3 archer, 6 knight
Faro (5): 2 archer
Porto (6): 3 spearman
Salamanca (7): 1 knight
Sevilha (9): 3 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight

Total available: spearman: 2+2+1+3+3 = 11? Actually: Lisboa 2, Coimbra 2, Badajoz 1, Porto 3, Sevilha 3 = 11 spearman. Archer: Evora 2, Badajoz 3, Faro 2, Sevilha 3 = 10 archer. Knight: Santarem 1, Badajoz 6, Salamanca 1, Sevilha 1 = 9 knight. (Note: some of these are already at home, we can send them.)

We also have builds that will complete this turn? The builds we order now will be ready next turn? The rule: "ready in 1 turn." So if we order builds now, they will be available next turn. So for movements this turn, we can only send what's available now.

We need to decide where to send these troops. We can send them to attack enemy/neutral villages, or to reinforce our own villages.

Let's consider reinforcing our border villages to deter enemy attacks. Badajoz is a border village with Toledo. It has 10 troops. We might want to keep them there. Salamanca is a border village with Madrid. It has 1 knight. We should reinforce Salamanca. We can send troops from Porto (3 spearman) to Salamanca. That takes 1 turn. They would arrive next turn. Also from Coimbra (2 spearman) to Salamanca: 2 slow turns? Coimbra to Salamanca: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So if we send spearman (slow), they take 2 turns. So they would arrive on Turn 10. That's later. We could send from Badajoz to Salamanca: Badajoz to Salamanca time? We don't know, but likely 1 turn for fast, 2 for slow. So we could send some troops from Badajoz to Salamanca. But Badajoz is also a border, we might want to keep its strength.

What about taking Vigo? Vigo is neutral, 4 knights, defense 10. It's connected to Porto (6). Porto to Vigo: 1/1/1. So we can send from Porto to Vigo. Porto has 3 spearman. Spearman counter knights! So if we send 3 spearman, they get 1.5x bonus. Attack: 3 spearman attack 1 each = 3. With bonus: 4.5. Defender defense: 4 knights defense 2 each = 8, location bonus? Vigo is neutral village, so defense x1.25? Effective defense given is 10 (location bonus included). So we need to beat 10. 4.5 is not enough. We need more. We could send more from other places to Vigo? But troops from different villages fight separately. So we would need to send a force from Porto that can beat 10. We could build more spearman in Porto (we planned to build 2 spearman, but they won't be ready until next turn). So this turn, we only have 3 spearman in Porto. They are not enough to take Vigo. We could send them to reinforce Salamanca instead.

What about taking Cordoba? Cordoba has 4 spearmen, defense 10. We need to attack with archers to counter. We have archers in Sevilha (3), Badajoz (3), Evora (2), Faro (2). We can send from Sevilha to Cordoba: 1/1/1. We can send, say, 3 archers and 1 knight from Sevilha? That's 4 troops. But we need to consider that we might want to keep some in Sevilha to defend. Sevilha is interior, but it's near Cordoba. If we take Cordoba, it becomes ours. We can send a force that can take it. Let's calculate: if we send 3 archers and 1 knight from Sevilha, most numerous is archer (3). Archer counters spearman (defender's most numerous is spearman). So we get 1.5x. Attack sum: 3*2 + 4 = 10. Effective attack = 15. Defender effective defense = 10. We win. We take losses. How many? The rule doesn't specify, but likely we lose some troops. We might lose, say, 1 or 2 troops. After the battle, the surviving troops become the garrison. So we might end up with, say, 2 archers and 1 knight in Cordoba. That's okay. We can reinforce later.

We could also send from Badajoz to Cordoba. Badajoz has 1 spear, 3 archer, 6 knight. We could send a force of archers and knights. But we need to keep Badajoz defended. If we send, say, 2 archer and 2 knights from Badajoz, that leaves 1 spear, 1 archer, 4 knight in Badajoz. That's still a decent defense. But Badajoz to Cordoba takes 2 turns. So they would arrive later. We could send them to follow up.

What about Madrid? We can send from Salamanca (1 knight) and maybe from Badajoz or Porto. But as discussed, taking Madrid might be risky if we don't have enough troops to hold it.

Let's think about the enemy's possible moves. The enemy has Toledo (8) with 13 troops. They might attack Badajoz. Badajoz has defense 25. To attack Badajoz, they would need to send troops from Toledo to Badajoz. Toledo to Badajoz: 1/1/1. So they could send a large force. If they send, say, all 13 troops, they would attack Badajoz. Our defense: 1 spear, 3 archer, 6 knight. Effective defense 25 (with location bonus). Their attack: they have 4 spear, 2 archer, 7 knights. Most numerous is knight. They don't counter us (our most numerous is knight, so no counter). Their attack sum: spear 1*4=4, archer 2*2=4, knight 4*7=28, total 36. No bonus. So 36 vs 25, they win. They would take Badajoz. So Badajoz is vulnerable if they attack with all. But they might not send all; they might leave some in Toledo. We don't know. We should consider reinforcing Badajoz? But it's already our strongest border village. We could send troops from interior to Badajoz. For example, from Lisboa (2 spearman) to Badajoz: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So if we send spearman, they take 2 turns. That's too slow. From Santarem (1 knight) to Badajoz: 1/1/1. So we can send the knight from Santarem to Badajoz. It would arrive next turn. That would add to Badajoz's defense. From Faro (2 archer) to Badajoz: 1/1/1. So we can send archers too. From Evora (2 archer) to Badajoz: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So fast troops take 1 turn? Actually, "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means medium and fast take 1 turn, slow take 2. So if we send archers (medium), they take 1 turn. So we can send archers from Evora to Badajoz and they arrive next turn.

So we have many options to reinforce Badajoz. But do we need to? Badajoz already has 25 defense. If the enemy attacks with all, they might still win. But we can increase the defense by sending more troops. Let's calculate the maximum defense we can give Badajoz by sending all available troops from interior villages that can reach in 1 turn: Santarem (1 knight), Faro (2 archer), Evora (2 archer) - but Evora to Badajoz is 1 turn for medium? Actually, Evora to Badajoz: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So medium (archer) takes 1 turn. So yes, they arrive next turn. Also we can send from Coimbra? Coimbra to Badajoz: Coimbra connects to Badajoz? Road: [3] Coimbra: [1], [6], [7]. So Coimbra does not connect directly to Badajoz. It connects to Salamanca and Porto. To go to Badajoz, they'd have to go through Salamanca or Santarem? Actually, Coimbra to Badajoz: Coimbra -> Salamanca -> Badajoz, or Coimbra -> Porto -> ... Not direct. So time would be longer. So we can send from Santarem, Faro, Evora to Badajoz. Also from Sevilha? Sevilha to Badajoz: Sevilha connects to Badajoz? Road: [9] Sevilha: [4], [5], [11]. So Sevilha connects directly to Badajoz! So from Sevilha to Badajoz: we don't have the time, but likely 1 turn for fast? Actually, Sevilha to Badajoz is a direct road. We can infer from the fact that Badajoz is a border village and Sevilha is interior. The report for Sevilha says: "from here to your nearest border village [4] Badajoz: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So Sevilha to Badajoz: slow 2 turns, medium 1, fast 1. So we can send troops from Sevilha to Badajoz: if we send knights (fast), they take 1 turn; if archers (medium), 1 turn; if spearman (slow), 2 turns. So we can send fast/medium troops from Sevilha to Badajoz and they arrive next turn.

So we have a lot of potential reinforcements for Badajoz. But do we need them? The enemy might attack Badajoz. If we send all these reinforcements, Badajoz will have a huge defense. But we also want to attack elsewhere. We need to balance.

Maybe the enemy will not attack Badajoz because they are focused on something else. We don't know.

Let's consider the neutral villages. Vigo and Cordoba are neutral. If we take them, we increase our village count. We need 18 total. We have 9. Taking Madrid (12), Cordoba (11), Vigo (10) would give 12. We need 6 more. The unexplored villages might be enemy or neutral. We need to explore and take them.

We should try to take Cordoba and Madrid this turn or next. Let's plan movements for this turn.

I think we should:
- Send the knight from Salamanca (7) to Madrid (12). This takes Madrid.
- Send reinforcements to Salamanca to hold it. We can send from Porto (3 spearman) to Salamanca. They take 1 turn, arrive next turn. Also from Coimbra? Coimbra to Salamanca: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. If we send spearman (slow), they take 2 turns. That's less urgent. We can send them later.
- Send troops from Sevilha (9) to Cordoba (11) to take it. We need a strong enough force. Let's send 3 archers and 1 knight from Sevilha. That should take Cordoba. But we need to leave some in Sevilha for defense? Sevilha is interior, but it's near Cordoba. If we take Cordoba, we have a new border. We can send 3 archers and 1 knight, leaving 3 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight? Actually, Sevilha has 3 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight. If we send 3 archers and 1 knight, we leave 3 spearman. That's okay. But we might want to keep the knight for speed? Actually, we sent the knight to help. The archers are the main force. We could send all 3 archers and the knight. Or we could send only 2 archers and 1 knight? Let's recalc: if we send 2 archers and 1 knight: most numerous? 2 archers vs 1 knight: archer is most numerous (2). So counter applies. Attack: 2*2 + 4 = 8. With 1.5x = 12. That beats 10. So 2 archers and 1 knight is enough. That leaves 1 archer and 3 spearman in Sevilha. That's better. Let's do that: send 2 archers and 1 knight from Sevilha to Cordoba.
- Send reinforcements to Badajoz? We can send from Santarem (1 knight) to Badajoz. That adds a knight. Also from Faro (2 archer) to Badajoz? Faro to Badajoz: 1/1/1. So send 2 archers. From Evora (2 archer) to Badajoz: 1 turn for medium. Send 2 archers. From Sevilha, we could also send some to Badajoz, but we are already sending troops from Sevilha to Cordoba. We might want to keep Sevilha's remaining troops for defense or further attacks. Let's send from Sevilha to Badajoz? We have 3 spearman left. Spearman are slow, so they take 2 turns to reach Badajoz. That's not urgent. We can send them later.
- What about building? We already decided builds. We need to output the build orders.

But wait: we also have the marching archer from Evora to Sevilha. It's already on the way, arriving in 1 turn. That will add 1 archer to Sevilha next turn. So Sevilha will have 1 more archer next turn. Our movements this turn use the current troops.

Let's also consider sending troops from Lisboa to somewhere. Lisboa has 2 spearman. They could go to Badajoz? Lisboa to Badajoz: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. Spearman are slow, so they take 2 turns. Not urgent. They could go to Santarem? Lisboa connects to Santarem (1) and Evora (2). To go to Badajoz, they can go via Santarem. So they could reinforce Santarem, but Santarem is interior. We might want to move them to the front.

We need to decide on a coherent plan. Let's write a plan note to ourselves.

Plan for this turn (Turn 8):
- Build troops as decided: Lisboa 2 spearman, Santarem 2 archers, Evora 1 archer, Coimbra 2 archers, Badajoz 2 archers, Faro 1 archer, Porto 2 spearman, Sevilha 1 archer. (Wait, we need to check resources for each build to ensure they can pay. We already did.)
- Movements:
  - From Salamanca (7): send 1 knight to Madrid (12). (Takes 1 turn, arrives Turn 9)
  - From Porto (6): send 3 spearman to Salamanca (7). (Takes 1 turn, arrives Turn 9) This reinforces Salamanca after we send its knight.
  - From Sevilha (9): send 2 archers and 1 knight to Cordoba (11). (Takes 1 turn, arrives Turn 9) This attacks Cordoba.
  - From Santarem (1): send 1 knight to Badajoz (4). (Takes 1 turn, arrives Turn 9) Reinforces Badajoz.
  - From Faro (5): send 2 archers to Badajoz (4). (Takes 1 turn, arrives Turn 9) Reinforces Badajoz.
  - From Evora (2): send 2 archers to Badajoz (4)? But Evora has 2 archers available. We could send them to Badajoz. But wait, Evora also has the marching archer to Sevilha. We can send the 2 archers to Badajoz. They take 1 turn (medium). So yes.
  - From Coimbra (3): send 2 spearman to Salamanca (7)? Coimbra to Salamanca: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. Spearman are slow, so they take 2 turns. They would arrive Turn 10. That's okay, but maybe we should send them to somewhere else? Or we can hold them for later. We could send them to Salamanca to reinforce after the battle. Let's send them to Salamanca.
  - From Lisboa (0): send 2 spearman to Santarem (1)? Or to Badajoz? They take 2 turns. Maybe we send them to Badajoz via Santarem? Lisboa to Badajoz: 2 slow turns. So they would arrive Turn 10. We can send them to Badajoz for reinforcement. Let's do that: Lisboa 2 spearman to Badajoz.
  - From Badajoz (4): we have 1 spear, 3 archer, 6 knight. We might want to send some to Madrid or Cordoba? But we already have forces moving to Madrid and Cordoba. Badajoz itself might be attacked. We should keep a good defense there. We are receiving reinforcements from Santarem, Faro, Evora. So Badajoz will be stronger. We could send some of Badajoz's troops to Madrid? But they would take 2 turns. Not helpful for immediate take. We could send 1 knight from Badajoz to Madrid? But we already have the knight from Salamanca taking it. If we send another knight from Badajoz, it would arrive Turn 10. That could serve as a follow-up. But we need to decide. Let's keep Badajoz's troops for now. We can send 0 from Badajoz.
  - From Sevilha: we are sending 2 archers and 1 knight to Cordoba. That leaves 3 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight. We could send the 1 archer to Badajoz? Sevilha to Badajoz: 1 turn for medium. So we can send the remaining archer to Badajoz. Let's do that: send 1 archer from Sevilha to Badajoz.
  - From Evora: we are sending 2 archers to Badajoz. That uses all available.
  - From Faro: sending 2 archers to Badajoz.
  - From Santarem: sending 1 knight to Badajoz.
  - From Porto: sending 3 spearman to Salamanca.
  - From Coimbra: sending 2 spearman to Salamanca? Or maybe to Badajoz? Coimbra to Badajoz is not direct. Better to send to Salamanca.
  - From Lisboa: sending 2 spearman to Badajoz? Or to Santarem? Let's send to Badajoz.

But wait, we need to check if we have enough troops in each village to send. We listed available troops. We must not send more than available.

Let's summarize movements we are considering:

1. Salamanca (7) -> Madrid (12): 1 knight
2. Porto (6) -> Salamanca (7): 3 spearman
3. Coimbra (3) -> Salamanca (7): 2 spearman (slow, 2 turns)
4. Sevilha (9) -> Cordoba (11): 2 archer, 1 knight
5. Sevilha (9) -> Badajoz (4): 1 archer (the remaining archer)
6. Santarem (1) -> Badajoz (4): 1 knight
7. Faro (5) -> Badajoz (4): 2 archer
8. Evora (2) -> Badajoz (4): 2 archer
9. Lisboa (0) -> Badajoz (4): 2 spearman (slow, 2 turns)
10. Badajoz (4) -> ? Maybe send nothing, or send some to Madrid? Let's not send from Badajoz for now.

Check if any village is sending more than it has:
- Salamanca: has 1 knight, send 1 knight. OK.
- Porto: has 3 spearman, send 3 spearman. OK.
- Coimbra: has 2 spearman, send 2 spearman. OK.
- Sevilha: has 3 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. We send 2 archer, 1 knight to Cordoba, and 1 archer to Badajoz. Total sent: 2 archer + 1 knight + 1 archer = 3 archer, 1 knight. That uses all archers and knight. Leaves 3 spearman. OK.
- Santarem: has 1 knight, send 1 knight to Badajoz. OK.
- Faro: has 2 archer, send 2 archer to Badajoz. OK.
- Evora: has 2 archer available (plus 1 marching), send 2 archer to Badajoz. OK.
- Lisboa: has 2 spearman, send 2 spearman to Badajoz. OK.
- Badajoz: we send nothing. It keeps its 1 spear, 3 archer, 6 knight.

But wait: we also have the marching archer from Evora to Sevilha. That is already on the way, not available for movement this turn.

Now, are these movements wise? Let's think about the enemy's possible actions. The enemy might attack Badajoz or Salamanca or Madrid. If we send all these reinforcements to Badajoz, Badajoz will have a huge garrison. But we are also sending troops to Salamanca and taking Madrid and Cordoba. We need to ensure we don't leave any front weak.

Salamanca: we are sending its only knight to Madrid, leaving it with 0 troops. But we are sending 3 spearman from Porto and 2 spearman from Coimbra. Porto's spearman take 1 turn, so they arrive Turn 9. Coimbra's take 2 turns, arrive Turn 10. So on Turn 9, Salamanca will have 0 troops until the Porto spearman arrive? Actually, the orders are simultaneous. The knight from Salamanca to Madrid moves this turn. The Porto spearman to Salamanca move this turn. They both start moving. The knight arrives at Madrid in 1 turn (Turn 9). The Porto spearman arrive at Salamanca in 1 turn (Turn 9). So on Turn 9, Salamanca will have the 3 spearman from Porto. So it's not empty. Good.

What about the enemy seeing our knight marching to Madrid? They might send troops from Toledo to Madrid to intercept. If they send, say, a large force from Toledo to Madrid, they would arrive Turn 9 (since Toledo to Madrid is 1 turn). Our knight arrives Turn 9. They would meet on the road? Actually, if both are marching to Madrid, they are on the same road? Toledo to Madrid and Salamanca to Madrid are different roads that meet at Madrid. So they would both arrive at Madrid on Turn 9. But the rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if the enemy sends troops to Madrid, and we send our knight to Madrid, they arrive at the same time. But they are from different villages. So they fight the garrison? But the garrison is empty. Actually, when an army arrives at a village, if the village is neutral or enemy, they fight the garrison. If it's empty, they just take it? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So if we send a knight to Madrid (enemy village), it will fight the garrison. If the garrison is 0, it takes it without a fight. But if another army arrives at the same time, they fight separately? The rule says "each send fights alone, one at a time." So if multiple armies arrive at an empty village, the first one takes it, and the others arrive and join? But the order of resolution might matter. Since orders are simultaneous, we need to decide the order. The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This implies that if multiple sends arrive at the same target on the same turn, they fight sequentially. But if the target is empty, the first send will take it, and then the target is yours, so subsequent sends arrive and reinforce. So if our knight arrives first, it takes Madrid. Then if the enemy's army arrives, they would be attacking our newly conquered Madrid? But they arrive on the same turn. The rule might resolve all movements simultaneously, then battles. Actually, the typical flow: all orders are given, then all armies march, then battles occur. The report says "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." So they don't see our orders. After both sides order, the moves happen. Then we get a report of what happened.

So if we send our knight to Madrid, and the enemy sends troops from Toledo to Madrid, both armies will be on the road. They might meet on the road if they are on the same stretch. But they are coming from different directions: Salamanca to Madrid, and Toledo to Madrid. They are on different roads that meet at Madrid. So they don't meet on the road; they both arrive at Madrid. At Madrid, there is no garrison (empty). So the first to arrive (maybe resolved by some order) takes it. If they arrive on the same turn, perhaps the battle occurs at Madrid between the two armies? The rule: "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there: head-on, or when one catches up with the other on the same stretch of road." They are not on the same road. So they don't meet on the road. They both arrive at the village. The rule for attacking a village: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So when our knight arrives at Madrid, it fights the garrison (0). When the enemy army arrives at Madrid, it fights the garrison. If they arrive on the same turn, we need to know the order. The rules don't specify the order of resolution for simultaneous arrivals. It might be that all attacking armies at a village fight the garrison one after another. If the garrison is 0, the first attacker takes it, and then the next attacker fights the new garrison (which is the first attacker's survivors). So if the enemy arrives first, they take Madrid, then our knight arrives and attacks them. If we arrive first, we take it, then they attack us. Since we don't know the order, it's risky.

To be safe, we might want to send a larger force to Madrid so that even if the enemy also sends troops, we can defeat them. But we only have 1 knight in Salamanca. We could send from Badajoz to Madrid as well. But they take 2 turns. So they wouldn't arrive on Turn 9. They would arrive Turn 10. If the enemy sends from Toledo to Madrid on Turn 8, they arrive Turn 9. Our knight arrives Turn 9. If the enemy wins, they hold Madrid. Then our Badajoz force arrives Turn 10 and attacks Madrid. That could work: we retake Madrid on Turn 10. But we might lose the knight. Alternatively, we could not send the knight from Salamanca, and instead send a larger force from somewhere else that takes longer, but then the enemy might take Madrid unopposed and have time to fortify. Not good.

Maybe we should attack Madrid from Badajoz and Salamanca simultaneously? But we can't make them arrive on the same turn because Badajoz takes 2 turns. So Salamanca arrives first. If we send only 1 knight, it might be overwhelmed if the enemy sends a lot. But we don't know if the enemy will send to Madrid. They might be planning to attack our villages. We need to read the situation.

Let's look at the enemy's last actions: "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN: - A reinforcement of King B (1 knight) arrived at [8] Toledo - A reinforcement of King B (3 knights) arrived at [8] Toledo - A reinforcement of King B (3 spearmen, 2 archers, 1 knight) arrived at [8] Toledo - A reinforcement of King B (1 knight) arrived at [8] Toledo - You attacked [8] Toledo: DEFEAT (your army was lost) - Your reinforcement (1 spearman, 2 archers) arrived at [9] Sevilha - You attacked [7] Salamanca: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 1 troop) - Your reinforcement (1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight) arrived at [4] Badajoz - Your reinforcement (1 knight) arrived at [4] Badajoz - Your reinforcement (1 archer) arrived at [9] Sevilha - Your reinforcement (2 knights) arrived at [4] Badajoz - Your reinforcement (3 spearmen) arrived at [6] Porto - Your reinforcement (1 archer, 1 knight) arrived at [4] Badajoz"

So last turn, the enemy was reinforcing Toledo heavily. They sent many troops to Toledo. They did not attack our villages (or if they did, we don't see it). They seem to be building up Toledo. They might be preparing for an attack. Their capital is Barcelona, which is far. They might be focusing on the south. Our attack on Salamanca succeeded, taking it from them. So they might want to retake Salamanca. They could attack from Madrid or Toledo. But Madrid is empty. So they would need to go through Madrid. So if we take Madrid, we block them. So taking Madrid is important.

Given that the enemy is reinforcing Toledo, they might not have many troops elsewhere. They might leave Madrid empty. So sending our knight to Madrid might be safe. But we should be prepared for a counterattack. We can send reinforcements to Madrid after taking it. For example, we can send from Badajoz to Madrid on this turn, arriving Turn 10. Also we can send from Porto to Madrid? Porto to Madrid takes 2 turns. We can send from Coimbra? etc.

Let's decide: we will send the knight from Salamanca to Madrid. We will also send from Badajoz a force to Madrid to follow up. From Badajoz, we have 1 spear, 3 archer, 6 knight. We can send, say, 1 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knights to Madrid. That would leave 0 spear, 2 archer, 4 knight in Badajoz. That's still a okay defense? Badajoz defense would be: 2 archer (def 2 each) + 4 knight (def 2) = 12 base, x1.25 = 15. Plus the reinforcements we are sending to Badajoz (from Santarem 1 knight, Faro 2 archer, Evora 2 archer, Sevilha 1 archer, Lisboa 2 spearman) will arrive over the next turns. So Badajoz will be reinforced. So we can afford to send some from Badajoz.

But wait: if we send from Badajoz to Madrid, they take 2 turns. They will pass through Salamanca? Badajoz to Madrid via Salamanca: Badajza -> Salamanca -> Madrid. Since Salamanca is ours, they pass through. They arrive Turn 10. On Turn 9, our knight takes Madrid. On Turn 10, the Badajoz force arrives and joins the garrison. That's good.

What about the enemy possibly sending troops to Madrid? If they do, they arrive Turn 9. Our knight arrives Turn 9. If they defeat our knight, they take Madrid. Then our Badajoz force arrives Turn 10 and attacks Madrid. That could be a back-and-forth. To avoid losing our knight, maybe we should not send it alone. We could send from Salamanca only if we also send from somewhere else to arrive at the same time? But no other village is 1 turn away except Salamanca itself. So we can't reinforce it on Turn 9. So it's a gamble. But if we don't take Madrid now, the enemy might reinforce it next turn? Actually, Madrid is empty now. The enemy could send troops to Madrid this turn. If they do, they take it. Then we have to retake it. So we should try to take it first.

Let's assume the enemy might send some troops to Madrid. How many? They might send from Toledo. Toledo has 13 troops. They could send, say, 7 knights and some others. If they send a large force, our 1 knight will lose. But maybe they will send only a small force, or none. We can't know. We have to take the risk.

Alternatively, we could attack Cordoba first, which is neutral and not a strategic enemy village. Taking Cordoba gives us a village and resources. It might be safer. But Madrid is more valuable because it's a border with the enemy capital's region.

Let's think about the overall strategy. We need 18 villages. We have 9. Taking Madrid (12), Cordoba (11), Vigo (10) gives 12. Then we need 6 more from the unexplored. The unexplored are mostly in the north and east. We need to explore them. To do that, we need to move our armies there. We can send armies to explore by marching them to unexplored villages? Actually, we can only see villages connected to ours. So to explore, we need to get adjacent to them. By taking Madrid, we get a connection to Burgos (14) and Zaragoza (17). By taking Cordoba, we get connection to Murcia (15) and Valencia (16)? Actually, Cordoba connects to [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia. So taking Cordoba opens the south. By taking Vigo, we get connection to Burgos (14) via [10] Vigo -> [14] Burgos. So taking these three opens up the map.

So we should prioritize taking these three neutral/empty villages. Let's do all three this turn? We can attack Madrid with the knight from Salamanca. We can attack Cordoba with troops from Sevilha. We can attack Vigo with troops from Porto? But we only have 3 spearman in Porto, which is not enough to take Vigo (defense 10). We could send from other places to Vigo? Vigo is only connected to Porto (6) and Burgos (14). So only Porto can reach it quickly. We could send from Porto to Vigo, but we need more troops. We could build more in Porto, but they won't be ready until next turn. So we can't take Vigo this turn. We can take it next turn if we reinforce Porto. So for this turn, we focus on Madrid and Cordoba.

Let's also consider that we might want to send troops from Badajoz to Cordoba instead of Sevilha? Sevilha is closer. We'll use Sevilha.

Now, let's finalize the build orders. We need to specify quantity. The rules: "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." So we must ensure the village has enough resources. We already checked.

Builds:
- Lisboa: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood, 0 iron; has 30 wood, 40 iron)
- Santarem: 2 archers (cost 40 wood, 20 iron; has 40 wood, 20 iron) -> exactly.
- Evora: 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron; has 30 wood, 30 iron) -> leaves 10 wood, 20 iron.
- Coimbra: 2 archers (cost 40 wood, 20 iron; has 40 wood, 40 iron) -> leaves 0 wood, 20 iron.
- Badajoz: 2 archers (cost 40 wood, 20 iron; has 40 wood, 20 iron) -> exactly.
- Faro: 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron; has 30 wood, 30 iron) -> leaves 10 wood, 20 iron.
- Porto: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood, 0 iron; has 30 wood, 20 iron) -> leaves 0 wood, 20 iron.
- Sevilha: 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron; has 30 wood, 20 iron) -> leaves 10 wood, 10 iron.
- Salamanca: cannot build (0 wood, 0 iron).

Wait, we also have Santarem: we said 2 archers. But Santarem has wood 40, iron 20. 2 archers cost 40 wood, 20 iron. Yes.
Coimbra: wood 40, iron 40. 2 archers cost 40 wood, 20 iron. Yes.
Badajoz: wood 40, iron 20. 2 archers cost 40 wood, 20 iron. Yes.
Sevilha: wood 30, iron 20. 1 archer cost 20 wood, 10 iron. Yes.

But wait: we also need to consider that some villages might want to build knights. We have a lot of iron in some villages. For example, Lisboa has 40 iron. We could build a knight instead of 2 spearman? Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Lisboa has 30 wood, so it can build 1 knight (uses all wood, 30 iron). That would give us a knight. But we are building many archers. Let's see our total new troops: 2 spear (Lisboa), 2 archer (Santarem), 1 archer (Evora), 2 archer (Coimbra), 2 archer (Badajoz), 1 archer (Faro), 2 spear (Porto), 1 archer (Sevilha). Total: 4 spearman, 11 archers. That's a lot of archers. We might want more spearman or knights. But we can only build what resources allow. In Lisboa, we could build 1 knight instead of 2 spear. Which is better? Knights are more expensive and give attack 4. For defense, they also have defense 2. Spearman have attack 1, defense 2, but counter knights. Since the enemy has many knights, spearman are valuable. But we already have 11 spearman at home (before builds) and we are adding 4, total 15. We have 10 archers adding 11 = 21 archers. That's a lot. We might want to balance. Let's change Lisboa to build 1 knight instead of 2 spearman? That would give us a knight, and we still have 10 wood left? Actually, 1 knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Lisboa has 30 wood, 40 iron. So it can build 1 knight, leaving 0 wood, 10 iron. That's fine. Then we have 1 less spearman, 1 more knight. That might be better because knights are faster and have higher attack. Also, we need knights to counter archers if the enemy has archers. But the enemy at Toledo has only 2 archers. So they are not archer-heavy. So spearman are good against them. But we also need to consider other enemies. Let's keep the 2 spearman for now because they are cheap and we can use them to fill garrisons. Actually, we can always build more later. I'll stick with 2 spearman for Lisboa.

But wait: we also have the option to build in Salamanca next turn once it produces resources. So we don't need to build everything now.

Let's reconsider the movements. We are sending a lot of troops to Badajoz. That might be overkill. Badajoz already has 10 troops. We are sending 1 knight (Santarem), 2 archers (Faro), 2 archers (Evora), 1 archer (Sevilha), 2 spearman (Lisboa). That's 1 knight, 5 archers, 2 spearman = 8 troops. So Badajoz will have 18 troops. That's a huge army. But we are also sending troops to Salamanca (3 spear from Porto, 2 spear from Coimbra = 5 spear) and taking Madrid and Cordoba. So we are spreading our forces.

Maybe we should send some of those reinforcements to Madrid or Cordoba instead. For example, instead of sending from Lisboa to Badajoz, we could send them to Madrid? Lisboa to Madrid: Lisboa -> Santarem -> Badajoz -> Salamanca -> Madrid? That's long. Better to send to Badajoz and then they can go to Madrid later.

We need to think about the enemy's response. They might attack Badajoz. If we make Badajoz too strong, they might not attack it. They might attack Salamanca instead. Salamanca will have 5 spearman from Porto and Coimbra, but those arrive on different turns. On Turn 9, Salamanca has 3 spearman (from Porto). That's a defense of 3*2=6 base, x1.25 = 7.5, say 8. Not very strong. The enemy could attack Salamanca from Madrid if they take it. So we need to be careful.

Maybe we should keep more troops in Salamanca instead of sending its knight to Madrid. But then we can't take Madrid. We could attack Madrid with a different force. For example, we could send from Badajoz to Madrid? But they take 2 turns. If we send from Badajoz now, they arrive Turn 10. The enemy could take Madrid on Turn 9 if they send troops. So we need to take it on Turn 9 to preempt them. So sending from Salamanca is the only way to take it on Turn 9.

What if we send from Porto to Madrid? Porto to Madrid takes 2 turns (Porto->Salamanca->Madrid). So they arrive Turn 10. Not fast enough.

So we must use Salamanca's knight to take Madrid on Turn 9. Then we need to reinforce Salamanca quickly. Porto's spearman arrive Turn 9, same time as the knight leaves. So Salamanca will have 3 spearman on Turn 9. That's something. Coimbra's spearman arrive Turn 10. So by Turn 10, Salamanca has 5 spearman. That's decent.

Now, what about Cordoba? We are sending from Sevilha. Sevilha to Cordoba is 1 turn. So they arrive Turn 9. Cordoba has 4 spearmen. Our force: 2 archers, 1 knight. We calculated effective attack 12 (with counter) vs defense 10. We win. We might lose some troops. After the battle, the survivors become garrison. We can then send more from elsewhere.

Now, let's consider the enemy's possible attack on our villages. They could attack Badajoz, Salamanca, or even Lisboa etc. But Lisboa is interior. They would have to go through our border villages. So as long as we hold our borders, we're okay.

We should also consider that the enemy might send troops to Cordoba or Vigo? They can't, those are neutral. They could send to Madrid. They could send to Teruel? Teruel is enemy, they can reinforce it.

Let's write the plan note. We need to output a JSON with build, movements, plan, statement.

Let's list the movements clearly with troop counts.

We need to specify for each movement: fromId, toId, troops: {spearman: n, archer: n, knight: n}. We can send multiple troop types in one movement. The army marches at the speed of the slowest troop. So if we mix speeds, it takes longer for all. We should be careful about mixing. For example, from Sevilha to Cordoba, we are sending 2 archers (medium) and 1 knight (fast). The slowest is medium, so they travel at medium speed. The report says Sevilha to Cordoba: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So medium takes 1 turn. So they all arrive in 1 turn. That's fine.

From Salamanca to Madrid: 1 knight (fast) -> 1 turn.

From Porto to Salamanca: 3 spearman (slow). Porto to Salamanca: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So slow takes 1 turn? Wait, the report says for Porto: "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means for that route, even slow troops take 1 turn. So 3 spearman take 1 turn. Good.

From Coimbra to Salamanca: 2 spearman (slow). Coimbra to Salamanca: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So slow takes 2 turns. So they arrive Turn 10.

From Santarem to Badajoz: 1 knight (fast). Santarem to Badajoz: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So fast takes 1 turn.

From Faro to Badajoz: 2 archers (medium). Faro to Badajoz: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So medium takes 1 turn.

From Evora to Badajoz: 2 archers (medium). Evora to Badajoz: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So medium takes 1 turn.

From Sevilha to Badajoz: 1 archer (medium). Sevilha to Badajoz: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So medium takes 1 turn.

From Lisboa to Badajoz: 2 spearman (slow). Lisboa to Badajoz: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So slow takes 2 turns.

Now, we need to check if any of these movements will pass through enemy villages? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So we must ensure that the path to our destination does not contain an enemy or neutral village that would stop us. Let's check each route:

- Salamanca to Madrid: direct road? Road: [7] Salamanca: [3], [4], [6], [12]. So Salamanca connects directly to Madrid (12). So it's a direct road. No intermediate villages. Good.
- Porto to Salamanca: Porto [6] connects to [3], [7], [10]. So Porto to Salamanca is direct. No intermediate. Good.
- Coimbra to Salamanca: Coimbra [3] connects to [1], [6], [7]. So direct to Salamanca. Good.
- Santarem to Badajoz: Santarem [1] connects to [0], [3], [4]. So direct to Badajoz. Good.
- Faro to Badajoz: Faro [5] connects to [2], [4], [9]. So direct to Badajoz. Good.
- Evora to Badajoz: Evora [2] connects to [0], [5]. Wait, Evora [2] connects to [0] Lisboa and [5] Faro. It does NOT connect directly to Badajoz! Let's check the road network: [2] Evora: [0], [5]. So Evora is only connected to Lisboa and Faro. It does not have a direct road to Badajoz. So if we send from Evora to Badajoz, they would have to go through Faro or Lisboa. The path would be Evora -> Faro -> Badajoz, or Evora -> Lisboa -> Santarem -> Badajoz. The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". If we send from Evora to Badajoz, the path might go through Faro (which is ours) and then to Badajoz. Since Faro is ours, they pass through. So they can go Evora -> Faro -> Badajoz. That path is: Evora to Faro (1 step), Faro to Badajoz (1 step). So total 2 steps. We need to know the travel time. The report gives from Evora to nearest border village [4] Badajoz: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That suggests the time from Evora to Badajoz is 2 slow turns, or 1 medium/fast turn. So that time likely accounts for the path through Faro. So it's fine. The path goes through Faro (ours), so they don't stop. Good.
- Sevilha to Badajoz: Sevilha [9] connects to [4], [5], [11]. So direct to Badajoz. Good.
- Lisboa to Badajoz: Lisboa [0] connects to [1], [2]. So to go to Badajoz, they must go through Santarem (1) or Evora (2). The report says from Lisboa to Badajoz: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That likely means via Santarem: Lisboa -> Santarem -> Badajoz. Santarem is ours, so they pass. Good.

So all movements are valid.

Now, we also need to consider that we have an army already marching: 1 archer from Evora to Sevilha, arriving in 1 turn. That will add to Sevilha next turn. We don't need to do anything about it.

Now, let's think about the builds again. We have a lot of archers being built. We might want to build some knights for speed and attack. But we have limited wood/iron in some villages. Let's review each village's production and see if we can build something else.

Village 0 Lisboa: wood 30, iron 40. We planned 2 spearman. Could we build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and have 10 iron left? Yes. But then we have 0 wood left. We could also build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood) = 35 wood >30, no. So only 2 spearman or 1 knight or 1 archer. I think 2 spearman is fine because we need troops for garrisons. But we already have many spearman. Let's change to 1 knight? Knights are more valuable for attack. But for defense, they are same as spearman (defense 2). So for reinforcing Badajoz, spearman are just as good. But for future attacks, knights are better because they have high attack and speed. However, we are already sending many troops to Badajoz. We might want to build knights in other villages. Let's see: Santarem has wood 40, iron 20. Can build 2 archers or 2 spearman. Can't build knight (needs 30 iron). Coimbra has wood 40, iron 40. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and have 10 wood, 10 iron left. Or 2 archers. Or 2 spearman. Badajoz has wood 40, iron 20. Can't build knight. Faro has wood 30, iron 30. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Or 1 archer. Porto has wood 30, iron 20. Can't build knight. Sevilha has wood 30, iron 20. Can't build knight. Evora has wood 30, iron 30. Can build 1 knight. So we have several villages that can build knights: Lisboa, Coimbra, Faro, Evora. We are currently building archers in Coimbra, Faro, Evora. Maybe we should build knights in some of them instead, to increase our knight count for faster attacks. Knights are expensive but we have the resources.

Let's reassess our troop needs. We are attacking Madrid and Cordoba. For Madrid, we are sending 1 knight. For Cordoba, we are sending archers and a knight. We might need more knights for follow-up. Also, we need to consider that the enemy has many knights in Toledo. To counter them, we need spearman. But we also need knights to chase their archers? Actually, the counter triangle: our spearman counter their knights, our archers counter their spearmen, our knights counter their archers. The enemy at Toledo has: 4 spearmen, 2 archers, 7 knights. So their most numerous is knights. If they attack us, they will be knight-heavy, so we want spearman to counter. If we attack them, we want to send spearman to counter their knights. So spearman are very useful. But we also need a balanced army. We have 11 spearman at home, 10 archer, 9 knight. After builds, if we build more archers, we will have many archers. Archers are good against spearmen. The enemy has 4 spearmen. So archers are useful. But we might want more knights for mobility and to counter their archers if they send them.

Let's think about the attack on Cordoba. Cordoba has 4 spearmen. We are attacking with archers. That's good. After we take Cordoba, we might want to attack further south (Murcia, etc.) which might have different troops.

I think we should build a mix. Let's change some builds to knights where possible, to increase our knight count. Knights are fast and can reinforce quickly.

Proposed changes:
- Lisboa: build 1 knight instead of 2 spearman. (uses 30 wood, 30 iron; leaves 0 wood, 10 iron)
- Coimbra: build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and with remaining 10 wood, 10 iron, can we build anything? 10 wood not enough for anything (spear needs 15, archer 20). So just 1 knight. That leaves 10 wood, 10 iron. We could also build 1 spearman? No, 15 wood >10. So 1 knight.
- Faro: build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) instead of 1 archer. Leaves 0 wood, 0 iron.
- Evora: build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) instead of 1 archer. Leaves 0 wood, 0 iron.
- Santarem: can't build knight (iron 20 < 30). So keep 2 archers.
- Badajoz: can't build knight. Keep 2 archers.
- Porto: can't build knight. Keep 2 spearman.
- Sevilha: can't build knight. Keep 1 archer.

Now total new troops: 1 knight (Lisboa), 2 archers (Santarem), 1 knight (Coimbra), 2 archers (Badajoz), 1 knight (Faro), 2 spearman (Porto), 1 archer (Sevilha), 1 knight (Evora). That's 4 knights, 5 archers, 2 spearman. That's a better mix. We get 4 new knights, which are fast and powerful. We lose some archers, but we still get 5 archers.

Let's check resources for each:
- Lisboa: wood 30, iron 40. 1 knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 10 iron. OK.
- Santarem: wood 40, iron 20. 2 archers cost 40 wood, 20 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 0 iron. OK.
- Coimbra: wood 40, iron 40. 1 knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Remaining: 10 wood, 10 iron. OK.
- Badajoz: wood 40, iron 20. 2 archers cost 40 wood, 20 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 0 iron. OK.
- Faro: wood 30, iron 30. 1 knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 0 iron. OK.
- Porto: wood 30, iron 20. 2 spearman cost 30 wood, 0 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 20 iron. OK.
- Sevilha: wood 30, iron 20. 1 archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. Remaining: 10 wood, 10 iron. OK.
- Evora: wood 30, iron 30. 1 knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 0 iron. OK.

All good.

Now, with these builds, we have more knights. We can use these knights for future movements. But note: these builds will be ready next turn. So they don't affect this turn's movements.

Now, let's reconsider movements with the new build plan in mind. We are sending a lot of troops to Badajoz. Maybe we should send some of those new knights to other places instead? But they won't be ready until next turn. So this turn's movements are based on current troops.

We need to decide if we should send any troops from Badajoz to Madrid or Cordoba. Badajoz has 1 spear, 3 archer, 6 knight. We could send, say, 2 knights from Badajoz to Madrid? But they take 2 turns. They would arrive Turn 10. That's okay as a follow-up. But we need to keep enough in Badajoz. If we send 2 knights, Badajoz has 1 spear, 3 archer, 4 knight. That's still a good defense. Let's send 2 knights from Badajoz to Madrid. That way, if our Salamanca knight is defeated, we have a counterattack force. Also, if it wins, they reinforce Madrid.

What about sending from Badajoz to Cordoba? We already have Sevilha attacking Cordoba. We could send from Badajoz to Cordoba as well. Badajoz to Cordoba: via Sevilha or Toledo. Time: 2 turns. We could send, say, 1 spear, 1 archer, 2 knights? But we need to be careful not to deplete Badajoz too much. Since we are receiving reinforcements to Badajoz from other villages, we can afford to send some away. Let's send 1 knight from Badajoz to Cordoba? But Sevilha's force might be enough. Let's keep it simple: send 2 knights from Badajoz to Madrid, and maybe 1 archer to Cordoba? Actually, we can send from Badajoz to Cordoba: 1 archer, 1 knight? But they would take 2 turns. They would arrive after the main battle. That could be useful to hold Cordoba.

Let's decide on Badajoz's outgoing movements. We have 1 spear, 3 archer, 6 knight. We want to send some to Madrid and Cordoba. Let's send:
- To Madrid: 2 knights (fast, 2 turns)
- To Cordoba: 1 archer, 1 knight? Or 2 archers? Let's send 1 archer and 1 knight to Cordoba. They take 2 turns.
That leaves Badajoz with: 1 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight. That's a defense of: 1*2 + 2*2 + 3*2 = 12 base, x1.25 = 15. Plus reinforcements arriving from other villages (Santarem 1 knight, Faro 2 archer, Evora 2 archer? Wait, we changed Evora to build 1 knight, but we still have the 2 archers available to send? Actually, Evora currently has 2 archers at home. We can still send them. The build of 1 knight is for next turn. So this turn, Evora still has 2 archers available. So we can send them to Badajoz. So Badajoz will get reinforcements: Santarem 1 knight, Faro 2 archer, Evora 2 archer, Sevilha 1 archer, Lisboa 2 spearman (2 turns). So Badajoz's defense will increase over time. So sending some away is okay.

But wait: if we send from Badajoz to Madrid and Cordoba, we need to ensure the paths are clear. Badajoz to Madrid: via Salamanca. Salamanca is ours. Good. Badajoz to Cordoba: via Sevilha? Badajoz connects to Sevilha (9) directly. So Badajoz -> Sevilha -> Cordoba. Sevilha is ours. Good.

Now, what about the enemy? They might attack Badajoz. If we reduce Badajoz's troops, it might be more vulnerable on Turn 9 or 10 before reinforcements arrive. Let's see the timeline:
Turn 8: we order movements.
Turn 9: 
- Salamanca knight arrives Madrid (takes it if empty).
- Porto spearman arrive Salamanca (3 spear).
- Sevilha force arrives Cordoba (2 archer, 1 knight) - battle.
- Santarem knight arrives Badajoz.
- Faro archers arrive Badajoz.
- Evora archers arrive Badajoz? Evora to Badajoz: medium takes 1 turn? Actually, Evora to Badajoz: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So medium (archer) takes 1 turn. So they arrive Turn 9.
- Sevilha archer to Badajoz: Sevilha to Badajoz: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". Medium takes 1 turn. So arrives Turn 9.
- Badajoz's own troops to Madrid (2 knights) start marching, take 2 turns, arrive Turn 10.
- Badajoz's troops to Cordoba (1 archer, 1 knight) start marching, take 2 turns, arrive Turn 10.
- Coimbra spearman to Salamanca: slow, 2 turns, arrive Turn 10.
- Lisboa spearman to Badajoz: slow, 2 turns, arrive Turn 10.

So on Turn 9, Badajoz will have its original troops minus what we sent, plus reinforcements from Santarem, Faro, Evora, Sevilha. Let's calculate Badajoz's garrison on Turn 9 after all movements:
Original: 1 spear, 3 archer, 6 knight.
We send away: 2 knights to Madrid, 1 archer + 1 knight to Cordoba. So remaining: 1 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight.
Reinforcements arriving Turn 9: from Santarem: 1 knight; from Faro: 2 archer; from Evora: 2 archer; from Sevilha: 1 archer. Total arriving: 1 knight, 5 archer.
So Badajoz Turn 9 garrison: 1 spear, (2+5)=7 archer, (3+1)=4 knight. That's 12 troops. Defense: 1*2 + 7*2 + 4*2 = 24 base, x1.25 = 30. That's very strong! So Badajoz is safe.

Salamanca on Turn 9: original 1 knight (sent to Madrid, so 0), plus arriving from Porto: 3 spearman. So 3 spearman. Defense: 3*2=6 base, x1.25 = 7.5 -> 8? Actually, the report said effective defense 3 with 1 knight. With 3 spearman, base defense 6, village bonus 1.25 = 7.5, likely rounded to 8. So Salamanca has defense 8 on Turn 9. That's not very strong, but it's something. On Turn 10, Coimbra's 2 spearman arrive, making it 5 spearman, defense 10 base, x1.25 = 12.5 -> 13. So it gets better.

Madrid on Turn 9: our knight arrives, takes it. If enemy also sends, they fight. If our knight wins, it becomes garrison (1 knight). If it loses, enemy takes it. Then on Turn 10, our 2 knights from Badajoz arrive.

Cordoba on Turn 9: our force from Sevilha arrives, fights the 4 spearmen. We expect to win, but with losses. The survivors become garrison.

So the plan seems reasonable.

Now, we need to write the JSON. Let's list all movements clearly.

We have the following villages with available troops. We need to specify the exact number of each troop type we send from each village. We must not exceed available.

Available troops per village (from report):
0 Lisboa: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. (We send all 2 spearman to Badajoz? Or we could send them elsewhere. Let's send to Badajoz.)
1 Santarem: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. (Send 1 knight to Badajoz.)
2 Evora: 0 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight. (Send 2 archer to Badajoz? Or maybe to Cordoba? But we already have Sevilha attacking Cordoba. Sending from Evora to Cordoba would take 2 turns (Evora -> Faro -> Sevilha -> Cordoba? Actually, Evora to Cordoba: Evora connects to Faro (5) and Lisboa (0). To go to Cordoba, they'd go Evora -> Faro -> Sevilha -> Cordoba. That's 3 steps. Not good. Better to send to Badajoz, which is 2 steps but 1 turn for medium. So send to Badajoz.)
3 Coimbra: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. (Send 2 spearman to Salamanca.)
4 Badajoz: 1 spearman, 3 archer, 6 knight. (We plan to send: to Madrid: 2 knights; to Cordoba: 1 archer, 1 knight. That leaves 1 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight. We need to specify the exact numbers. Let's send: to Madrid: 2 knights; to Cordoba: 1 archer, 1 knight. So from Badajoz, we send: spearman: 0, archer: 1 (to Cordoba) + 0 = 1; knight: 2 (to Madrid) + 1 (to Cordoba) = 3. So total from Badajoz: 0 spear, 1 archer, 3 knight. But wait, we have 1 spearman available. We could send that spearman somewhere? Maybe to Madrid or Cordoba? Sending a spearman with knights would slow them down? Actually, if we mix speeds, the army moves at the slowest. So if we send a spearman (slow) with knights (fast) to Madrid, the army moves at slow speed. Badajoz to Madrid: slow takes 3 turns? Actually, we need to check: Badajoz to Madrid via Salamanca: Badajoz to Salamanca: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast; Salamanca to Madrid: 1/1/1. So if we send slow troops, they take 2+1=3 turns. If we send fast, they take 1+1=2 turns. So if we mix, the whole army moves at slow speed, taking 3 turns. That's worse. So we should not mix speeds if we want them to arrive quickly. So we should send only fast troops to Madrid (knights) and only medium/fast to Cordoba. So we won't send the spearman from Badajoz. We'll keep it. So from Badajoz, we send: to Madrid: 2 knights; to Cordoba: 1 archer, 1 knight. So total sent: 0 spear, 1 archer, 3 knight.
5 Faro: 0 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight. (Send 2 archer to Badajoz.)
6 Porto: 3 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. (Send 3 spearman to Salamanca.)
7 Salamanca: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. (Send 1 knight to Madrid.)
9 Sevilha: 3 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. (We plan to send to Cordoba: 2 archer, 1 knight; to Badajoz: 1 archer. That uses 3 archer, 1 knight. Leaves 3 spearman. So from Sevilha: send to Cordoba: 2 archer, 1 knight; send to Badajoz: 1 archer. Total: 0 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight.)

Check if any village sends more than it has:
- Lisboa: 2 spear, OK.
- Santarem: 1 knight, OK.
- Evora: 2 archer, OK.
- Coimbra: 2 spear, OK.
- Badajoz: 1 archer, 3 knight. Has 1 spear, 3 archer, 6 knight. OK.
- Faro: 2 archer, OK.
- Porto: 3 spear, OK.
- Salamanca: 1 knight, OK.
- Sevilha: 3 archer, 1 knight. Has 3 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight. OK.

Now, we also need to consider if we want to send any troops to reinforce Madrid after taking it? We are sending 2 knights from Badajoz to Madrid, arriving Turn 10. That's good.

What about sending troops to Vigo? We don't have enough this turn. We can do it next turn.

Now, let's write the plan note. It should be a note to ourselves for the next turn. We need to write what we are trying to do, what we must not forget, and what we decided not to do.

Plan: We are attacking Madrid with the knight from Salamanca and Cordoba with archers and knight from Sevilha. We are reinforcing Badajoz with troops from Santarem, Faro, Evora, Sevilha, and Lisboa to secure our border against Toledo. We are sending follow-up forces from Badajoz to Madrid and Cordoba. We are building a mix of knights, archers, and spearman to balance our army. Next turn, we will assess the battles, reinforce Salamanca, and plan the attack on Vigo and exploration north.

Statement: This is for the audience. We need to write 2-4 lines telling what we did this turn. It may have emotion. Since we are King A, we can say something like: "Our armies moved on multiple fronts. The knight from Salamanca marched to take the empty city of Madrid, while Sevilha's archers and knight attacked Cordoba. We sent reinforcements to Badajoz to strengthen our border against the enemy's heavy forces in Toledo. We also began building new troops to sustain our campaigns."

Now, we need to format the JSON exactly.

The build array: each object has villageId, type, quantity. We need to list all builds we decided. Let's list them:

Lisboa: 1 knight (type: "knight", quantity: 1)
Santarem: 2 archers (type: "archer", quantity: 2)
Coimbra: 1 knight (type: "knight", quantity: 1)
Badajoz: 2 archers (type: "archer", quantity: 2)
Faro: 1 knight (type: "knight", quantity: 1)
Porto: 2 spearman (type: "spearman", quantity: 2)
Sevilha: 1 archer (type: "archer", quantity: 1)
Evora: 1 knight (type: "knight", quantity: 1)

Wait, we also have Santarem 2 archers, Badajoz 2 archers, etc. Let's double-check all builds:

We have 9 villages. We decided builds for all except Salamanca (cannot build). Let's list by village ID:

0 Lisboa: build 1 knight
1 Santarem: build 2 archers
2 Evora: build 1 knight
3 Coimbra: build 1 knight
4 Badajoz: build 2 archers
5 Faro: build 1 knight
6 Porto: build 2 spearman
7 Salamanca: none
9 Sevilha: build 1 archer

But wait: we also need to consider that some villages might have resources to build more than one type? We already checked. For Lisboa, we changed to 1 knight. For Evora, 1 knight. For Coimbra, 1 knight. For Faro, 1 knight. That's 4 knights, 2+2+1=5 archers (Santarem 2, Badajoz 2, Sevilha 1), and 2 spearman (Porto 2). That matches our revised plan.

But wait: we also have the option to build in Lisboa: we could build 1 knight and with remaining 10 iron, can we build anything? No. So it's fine.

Now, let's verify resources again:
Lisboa: wood 30, iron 40. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 10 iron. OK.
Santarem: wood 40, iron 20. 2 archers cost 40 wood, 20 iron. Remaining: 0,0. OK.
Evora: wood 30, iron 30. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Remaining: 0,0. OK.
Coimbra: wood 40, iron 40. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Remaining: 10 wood, 10 iron. OK.
Badajoz: wood 40, iron 20. 2 archers cost 40 wood, 20 iron. Remaining: 0,0. OK.
Faro: wood 30, iron 30. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Remaining: 0,0. OK.
Porto: wood 30, iron 20. 2 spearman cost 30 wood, 0 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 20 iron. OK.
Sevilha: wood 30, iron 20. 1 archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. Remaining: 10 wood, 10 iron. OK.

All good.

Now, movements array. Each movement: fromId, toId, troops: {spearman: n, archer: n, knight: n}. We need to list each separate movement. If a village sends troops to multiple destinations, we need separate entries? The format suggests an array of movements. Each movement is one send from one village to one destination. So if a village sends to two places, we have two entries with the same fromId.

Let's list all movements:

1. from 7 Salamanca to 12 Madrid: troops: spearman 0, archer 0, knight 1.
2. from 6 Porto to 7 Salamanca: troops: spearman 3, archer 0, knight 0.
3. from 3 Coimbra to 7 Salamanca: troops: spearman 2, archer 0, knight 0.
4. from 9 Sevilha to 11 Cordoba: troops: spearman 0, archer 2, knight 1.
5. from 9 Sevilha to 4 Badajoz: troops: spearman 0, archer 1, knight 0.
6. from 1 Santarem to 4 Badajoz: troops: spearman 0, archer 0, knight 1.
7. from 5 Faro to 4 Badajoz: troops: spearman 0, archer 2, knight 0.
8. from 2 Evora to 4 Badajoz: troops: spearman 0, archer 2, knight 0.
9. from 0 Lisboa to 4 Badajoz: troops: spearman 2, archer 0, knight 0.
10. from 4 Badajoz to 12 Madrid: troops: spearman 0, archer 0, knight 2.
11. from 4 Badajoz to 11 Cordoba: troops: spearman 0, archer 1, knight 1.

Wait, we need to check if Badajoz has enough troops for movements 10 and 11. Badajoz has 1 spear, 3 archer, 6 knight. Movement 10: 2 knight. Movement 11: 1 archer, 1 knight. Total sent: 0 spear, 1 archer, 3 knight. That's within its means. It still keeps 1 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight.

But we must also consider that Badajoz might want to keep some troops for itself. It's okay.

Now, are there any other movements? We have the marching archer from Evora to Sevilha already on the way. We don't need to order it again.

What about sending troops from Lisboa to somewhere else? We sent to Badajoz. Could we send to Santarem instead? It's the same.

Now, let's think about the order of battles. When multiple armies attack the same village, they fight one at a time. For Madrid, we have the knight from Salamanca arriving Turn 9, and the 2 knights from Badajoz arriving Turn 10. So they don't fight each other. For Cordoba, we have the Sevilha force arriving Turn 9, and the Badajoz force arriving Turn 10. So they arrive on different turns. That's fine.

But what if the enemy sends troops to Madrid? They would arrive Turn 9. Our knight from Salamanca also arrives Turn 9. They would fight at Madrid. The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if the enemy sends a force from Toledo to Madrid, and we send from Salamanca to Madrid, both arrive Turn 9. They will fight the garrison (empty) sequentially. The first one to fight will take the village, then the second one will attack the new garrison. The order of resolution might be determined by the game. We can't control it. So it's possible that the enemy goes first and takes Madrid, then our knight attacks and takes it back? Or vice versa. Either way, we might lose our knight. To mitigate, we could send a larger force from Salamanca? But we only have 1 knight there. We could send from Porto to Madrid? They take 2 turns. So they wouldn't arrive on Turn 9. So we can't reinforce on Turn 9.

Maybe we should not send the knight from Salamanca to Madrid. Instead, we could send it to reinforce Salamanca? But it's already there. We could send it to Badajoz? That would reinforce Badajoz. But then we don't attack Madrid. If we don't attack Madrid, the enemy might take it or leave it. If they leave it empty, we can take it next turn with a larger force. But if they see we are not attacking, they might send troops to Madrid and then attack Salamanca. It's a dilemma.

Given that the enemy has been reinforcing Toledo heavily, they might be preparing for a major attack. They might not have troops to send to Madrid. Madrid is empty, and they might want to keep it as a buffer? Actually, Madrid is an enemy village. They would want to have troops there to defend and launch attacks. So they might send troops to Madrid soon. If we don't take it, they might reinforce it and then it becomes a strong base. So taking it now while it's empty is advantageous.

I think we should take the risk. Our knight takes Madrid. If the enemy also sends, we might lose the knight, but we have the Badajoz knights arriving Turn 10 to retake it. So it's not a disaster.

Let's also consider that we are sending a lot of troops to Badajoz. If the enemy attacks Badajoz, they will face a huge defense. They might instead attack Salamanca. Salamanca on Turn 9 has 3 spearman from Porto. If the enemy attacks Salamanca from Madrid (if they take it) or from Toledo via Madrid, they would need to have troops in Madrid first. So if we take Madrid, they can't attack Salamanca directly; they would have to go through Madrid. So taking Madrid protects Salamanca.

So the plan is sound.

Now, let's write the plan note. It should be concise, 2-4 lines. We need to remind ourselves of what we are doing and what to do next.

Plan: "We are attacking Madrid with the knight from Salamanca and Cordoba with archers and knight from Sevilha. We are reinforcing Badajoz with troops from Santarem, Faro, Evora, Sevilha, and Lisboa to secure our border. We are sending follow-up forces from Badajoz to Madrid and Cordoba. Next turn, we will assess the battles, reinforce Salamanca, and plan the attack on Vigo and exploration north. We must not forget to build troops and check for enemy movements."

Statement: "Our armies advanced on multiple fronts today. The knight from Salamanca marched to claim the empty city of Madrid, while Sevilha's archers and knight assaulted Cordoba. We flooded Badajoz with reinforcements from across our realm to deter the enemy's heavy forces in Toledo. New troops were built to sustain our campaigns."

Now, we need to output the JSON. The fields are: build, movements, plan, statement.

Let's format the build array. Each object: {"villageId": <id>, "type": "<type>", "quantity": <n>}. We need to list all builds.

Builds:
{"villageId": 0, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
{"villageId": 1, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2}
{"villageId": 2, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
{"villageId": 3, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
{"villageId": 4, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2}
{"villageId": 5, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
{"villageId": 6, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
{"villageId": 9, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}

Note: village 7 Salamanca has no build.

Movements array: each object: {"fromId": <id>, "toId": <id>, "troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}}.

List:
1. from 7 to 12: {"fromId": 7, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}}
2. from 6 to 7: {"fromId": 6, "toId": 7, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}}
3. from 3 to 7: {"fromId": 3, "toId": 7, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}}
4. from 9 to 11: {"fromId": 9, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 1}}
5. from 9 to 4: {"fromId": 9, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}}
6. from 1 to 4: {"fromId": 1, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}}
7. from 5 to 4: {"fromId": 5, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 0}}
8. from 2 to 4: {"fromId": 2, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 0}}
9. from 0 to 4: {"fromId": 0, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}}
10. from 4 to 12: {"fromId": 4, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}}
11. from 4 to 11: {"fromId": 4, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 1}}

Check if any movement has all zeros? No.

Now, we need to ensure that the troops we send from a village do not exceed what is available. We already checked. But wait: for village 4 Badajoz, we are sending 1 archer to Cordoba and 2 knights to Madrid, total 1 archer, 3 knights. But we also have the build of 2 archers in Badajoz. That build is for next turn, so it doesn't affect this turn's available troops. So available at Badajoz this turn: 1 spear, 3 archer, 6 knight. We send 0 spear, 1 archer, 3 knight. That's fine.

But wait: we also have the movement from Sevilha to Badajoz sending 1 archer. That's an incoming reinforcement, not outgoing. So Badajoz's available troops for sending are only what it has at home at the start of the turn. The reinforcements from other villages are moving simultaneously, so they don't count as available for Badajoz to send this turn. So our calculation is correct.

Now, let's double-check the travel times and paths for each movement to ensure they don't get stopped by an enemy village.

- 7 to 12: Salamanca to Madrid. Direct road. Madrid is enemy. OK.
- 6 to 7: Porto to Salamanca. Direct road. Salamanca is ours. OK.
- 3 to 7: Coimbra to Salamanca. Direct road. OK.
- 9 to 11: Sevilha to Cordoba. Direct road? Sevilha [9] connects to [4], [5], [11]. So direct to Cordoba. Cordoba is neutral. OK.
- 9 to 4: Sevilha to Badajoz. Direct road. Badajoz is ours. OK.
- 1 to 4: Santarem to Badajoz. Direct road. OK.
- 5 to 4: Faro to Badajoz. Direct road. OK.
- 2 to 4: Evora to Badajoz. Evora connects to [0] and [5]. So path: Evora -> Faro -> Badajoz. Faro is ours. So they pass. OK.
- 0 to 4: Lisboa to Badajoz. Lisboa connects to [1] and [2]. Path: Lisboa -> Santarem -> Badajoz. Santarem is ours. OK.
- 4 to 12: Badajoz to Madrid. Path: Badajoz -> Salamanca -> Madrid. Both Salamanca and Badajoz are ours. OK.
- 4 to 11: Badajoz to Cordoba. Path: Badajoz -> Sevilha -> Cordoba. Both Badajoz and Sevilha are ours. OK.

All paths are clear.

Now, we need to consider the possibility that the enemy might send troops to intercept our marching armies on the roads. For example, if the enemy sends troops from Toledo to Salamanca, they might meet our Porto spearman on the road? Porto to Salamanca is a direct road. If the enemy sends from Toledo to Salamanca, they would go Toledo -> Badajoz -> Salamanca? Or Toledo -> Madrid -> Salamanca? They would have to pass through Badajoz or Madrid. If they go through Badajoz, they would fight Badajoz's garrison first. So they wouldn't reach Salamanca without taking Badajoz. So our reinforcements to Salamanca are safe as long as Badajoz holds. Similarly, our reinforcements to Badajoz are on roads that go through our own villages, so they are safe unless the enemy bypasses? They can't bypass because they must follow roads and stop at the first non-friendly village.

So our movements are relatively safe.

Now, let's write the plan and statement.

Plan: "We are attacking Madrid with the knight from Salamanca and Cordoba with archers and knight from Sevilha. We are reinforcing Badajoz with troops from Santarem, Faro, Evora, Sevilha, and Lisboa to secure our border against Toledo. We are sending follow-up forces from Badajoz to Madrid and Cordoba. Next turn, we will assess the battles, reinforce Salamanca, and plan the attack on Vigo and exploration north. We must not forget to build troops and check for enemy movements."

That's a bit long. Let's trim to 4 lines max. The instruction says "2 to 4 lines (anything past 600 characters is cut off)". So we can write up to 600 characters. Let's count: our plan is about 500 characters? Let's see: "We are attacking Madrid with the knight from Salamanca and Cordoba with archers and knight from Sevilha. We are reinforcing Badajoz with troops from Santarem, Faro, Evora, Sevilha, and Lisboa to secure our border against Toledo. We are sending follow-up forces from Badajoz to Madrid and Cordoba. Next turn, we will assess the battles, reinforce Salamanca, and plan the attack on Vigo and exploration north. We must not forget to build troops and check for enemy movements." That's probably under 600. But we can make it shorter.

Let's write a concise plan: "Attack Madrid with Salamanca's knight; take Cordoba with Sevilha's archers and knight. Flood Badajoz with reinforcements from Santarem, Faro, Evora, Sevilha, Lisboa. Send follow-up from Badajoz to Madrid and Cordoba. Next turn: assess battles, reinforce Salamanca, plan Vigo and northern exploration. Remember to build troops."

That's good.

Statement: "Our armies advanced on multiple fronts today. The knight from Salamanca marched to claim the empty city of Madrid, while Sevilha's archers and knight assaulted Cordoba. We flooded Badajoz with reinforcements from across our realm to deter the enemy's heavy forces in Toledo. New troops were built to sustain our campaigns."

Now, we need to output the JSON. Ensure it's valid JSON.

Let's construct the JSON object.

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 3, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 4, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 5, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 6, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 9, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 7, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 6, "toId": 7, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 3, "toId": 7, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 9, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 9, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 1, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 5, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 2, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 0, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 4, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 4, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 1}}
  ],
  "plan": "Attack Madrid with Salamanca's knight; take Cordoba with Sevilha's archers and knight. Flood Badajoz with reinforcements from Santarem, Faro, Evora, Sevilha, Lisboa. Send follow-up from Badajoz to Madrid and Cordoba. Next turn: assess battles, reinforce Salamanca, plan Vigo and northern exploration. Remember to build troops.",
  "statement": "Our armies advanced on multiple fronts today. The knight from Salamanca marched to claim the empty city of Madrid, while Sevilha's archers and knight assaulted Cordoba. We flooded Badajoz with reinforcements from across our realm to deter the enemy's heavy forces in Toledo. New troops were built to sustain our campaigns."
}

Check if any village is building something it can't afford. We already checked. Also, we need to ensure that the builds are for villages that are ours. All are ours.

One more thing: the report says "Cap per village: when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building". Our villages have low numbers, so no issue.

Also, we need to consider that the builds take 1 turn, so they will be ready next turn. That's fine.

Now, let's think if we missed any available troops. For example, from Lisboa, we have 2 spearman. We sent them to Badajoz. But we also built 1 knight in Lisboa. That knight will be ready next turn. So we can't send it this turn. That's correct.

From Evora, we have 2 archer available, we sent them to Badajoz. We built 1 knight, ready next turn.

From Coimbra, we have 2 spearman, sent to Salamanca. Built 1 knight, ready next turn.

From Santarem, we have 1 knight, sent to Badajoz. Built 2 archers, ready next turn.

From Faro, we have 2 archer, sent to Badajoz. Built 1 knight, ready next turn.

From Porto, we have 3 spearman, sent to Salamanca. Built 2 spearman, ready next turn.

From Sevilha, we have 3 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. We sent 3 archer and 1 knight (to Cordoba and Badajoz). We built 1 archer, ready next turn. The 3 spearman remain in Sevilha.

From Badajoz, we have 1 spear, 3 archer, 6 knight. We sent 1 archer and 3 knight. We built 2 archers, ready next turn. The remaining: 1 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight stay.

From Salamanca, we sent 1 knight. No build.

All good.

Now, let's consider if the enemy might attack Sevilha? Sevilha is interior, but it's connected to Cordoba (neutral) and Badajoz (ours) and Faro (ours). So it's protected. They would have to come through Cordoba or Badajoz. So it's safe for now.

What about the neutral villages hardening? "Neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type." We are on turn 8. The last time they hardened was 5 turns ago? The report says for Vigo: "effective defense (location bonus included): 10 (was 8, 5 turns ago)". So they hardened 5 turns ago. Next hardening will be on turn 10? Actually, every 5 turns: if it was 5 turns ago, then next is turn 10? Turn 8 now, so 2 more turns. So Cordoba and Vigo might gain troops on turn 10. That means if we don't take them by turn 10, they will have 5 spearmen and 5 knights respectively. Our attacks this turn should take them before they harden. Good.

Now, let's ensure the JSON is valid. We need to output only the JSON, no text before or after.

I'll write the JSON now.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"arqueiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":7,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":6,"destinoId":7,"tropas":{"lanceiro":3,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":3,"destinoId":7,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":9,"destinoId":11,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":9,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":1,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":5,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":2,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":0,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":4,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":4,"destinoId":11,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":1}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [2]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [3]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [4]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [4]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [9]
ACEITO envio [7]->[12]: 1K
ACEITO envio [6]->[7]: 3S
ACEITO envio [3]->[7]: 2S
ACEITO envio [9]->[11]: 2A+1K (alvo neutra lanceiro)
ACEITO envio [9]->[4]: 1A
ACEITO envio [1]->[4]: 1K
ACEITO envio [5]->[4]: 2A
ACEITO envio [2]->[4]: 2A
ACEITO envio [0]->[4]: 2S
ACEITO envio [4]->[12]: 2K
ACEITO envio [4]->[11]: 1A+1K (alvo neutra lanceiro)
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Attack Madrid with Salamanca's knight; take Cordoba with Sevilha's archers and knight. Flood Badajoz with reinforcements from Santarem, Faro, Evora, Sevilha, Lisboa. Send follow-up from Badajoz to Madrid and Cordoba. Next turn: assess battles, reinforce Salamanca, plan Vigo and northern exploration. Remember to build troops.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): Our armies advanced on multiple fronts today. The knight from Salamanca marched to claim the empty city of Madrid, while Sevilha's archers and knight assaulted Cordoba. We flooded Badajoz with reinforcements from across our realm to deter the enemy's heavy forces in Toledo. New troops were built to sustain our campaigns.
########## TURNO 8 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4068 | resposta 33406 | raciocinio 30840 | finish stop | ms 370161
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 12, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 8, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 8, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 7}},\n    {\"fromId\": 17, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 13, \"toId\": 8, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 20, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 19, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 5, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 16, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Our campaign focuses on eliminating the enemy's strongest forces and expanding our territory. This turn, we strike at Badajoz with our knights and archers from Toledo, aiming to destroy the enemy's main army and capture the village. We simultaneously reinforce Madrid with spearman and knights from Zaragoza, Huesca, Pamplona, and Valencia to secure our capital's approaches. In the coming turns, we will build on our momentum, attacking Salamanca from Madrid and the neutral villages of Burgos and Cordoba to reach the 18-victory threshold. Our interior villages continue producing troops to feed the front lines.\",\n  \"statement\": \"This turn, we launched a decisive blow against the enemy's stronghold at Badajoz, sending our elite knights and archers from Toledo to crush their garrison. At the same time, we rushed spearman and knights from our interior villages to reinforce Madrid and Toledo, securing our borders against any counterattack. Our armies are on the move, and our villages are working tirelessly to build the forces needed for total victory.\"\n}"
raciocinio: We need to parse the current state. The user is King B, controlling 11 villages. The map has 24 villages total. The goal is to hold at least 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. Currently hold 11 of 24.

We need to output a JSON with build, movements, plan, statement.

First, analyze the current state.

Your villages:
[22] Barcelona (capital) - 3/300 troops: 3 spearman? Actually "troops at home: 3 / 300" and available to send: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. So total troops: 3? Wait, the numbers: "troops at home: 3 / 300" means 3 troops currently in the village? But available to send: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. That sums to 3. So the village has 3 troops total: 2 spearman, 1 knight. But the report says "TOTAL: 48 soldiers at home (36 spearman, 2 archer, 10 knight) + 0 marching". Let's sum the available to send across all villages:

Barcelona: 2 spearman, 1 knight -> 3
Tarragona: 4 spearman, 1 knight -> 5
Girona: 4 spearman -> 4
Castellon: 2 spearman -> 2
Zaragoza: 4 spearman -> 4
Huesca: 5 spearman, 1 knight -> 6
Valencia: 4 spearman -> 4
Teruel: 2 spearman -> 2
Madrid: 0 -> 0
Pamplona: 5 spearman -> 5
Toledo: 4 spearman, 2 archer, 7 knight -> 13

Total: 3+5+4+2+4+6+4+2+0+5+13 = 48. Yes, matches.

So we have 48 troops at home, no marching.

Enemy villages: we see [7] Salamanca (enemy) with garrison: 1 knight, effective defense 3. [4] Badajoz (enemy) with garrison: 1 spearman, 3 archers, 6 knights, effective defense 25. Also enemy capital [0] Lisboa unknown.

Neutral villages: [15] Murcia (4 knights), [14] Burgos (4 spearmen), [11] Cordoba (4 spearmen). Also unexplored: [6] Porto, [10] Vigo, [3] Coimbra, [9] Sevilha, [5] Faro, [1] Santarem, [0] Lisboa, [2] Evora.

Road network: important for movement.

We need to decide on builds and movements.

First, economy: each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. Costs: spearman 15 wood, 0 iron; archer 20 wood, 10 iron; knight 30 wood, 30 iron. Each village pays for its own builds from its own stock. We need to check resources per village.

Let's list each village's wood and iron:

Barcelona: wood 30, iron 70. Can build: spearman costs 15 wood, 0 iron -> can build up to 2 (wood 30/15=2). Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron -> can build 1 (wood 20, iron 10). Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron -> can build 1 (wood 30, iron 30). But we have 2 spearman, 1 knight already? Actually the available troops are already built. The resources are current stock. We can build more if we have resources. But note: "Cap per village: when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building". Our troops are far below 300.

But we need to consider that building takes 1 turn, and we can only order builds that the village can pay for NOW. So we can order builds for each village based on its current resources.

However, we also need to consider that we might want to move troops instead of building. But building can reinforce.

Let's compute possible builds for each village:

Barcelona: wood 30, iron 70. Can build: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood, 0 iron), or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron), or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). But we can build multiple types? The build order is per type. We can order multiple builds as long as resources allow. But we need to specify quantity. Since resources are limited, we might want to build the most effective troops. Knights are expensive but powerful. However, we need to consider counter triangle. But for defense, we might want spearman or archers.

But note: we have 11 villages, many with wood 30 and iron varying. Some have low iron: Madrid iron 20, Pamplona iron 20, etc. So knights require 30 iron, so only villages with iron >=30 can build knights. Let's check iron:

Barcelona: 70 -> can build knights
Tarragona: 60 -> can
Girona: 80 -> can
Castellon: 40 -> can
Zaragoza: 40 -> can
Huesca: 50 -> can
Valencia: 60 -> can
Teruel: 40 -> can
Madrid: 20 -> cannot build knights (needs 30 iron), can build archers (needs 10 iron) or spearman (0 iron)
Pamplona: 20 -> cannot build knights, can build archers or spearman
Toledo: 40 -> can build knights

Also wood: all have at least 30 wood, so can build at least 1 spearman or 1 archer. But some have exactly 30 wood, so building a spearman (15) leaves 15, can build another? Actually if we build 2 spearman, cost 30 wood, wood becomes 0. But we get +30 wood next turn, so next turn we can build more. But we can only order builds that can be paid for NOW. So we can order 2 spearman from Barcelona if we want, using all wood.

But we need to decide on strategy.

Current situation: We hold 11 villages. Enemy holds at least [7] Salamanca and [4] Badajoz, plus capital [0] Lisboa, and possibly others unexplored. The enemy is King A. Last turn, King A attacked [8] Toledo: DEFEAT. That means they attacked Toledo and lost? "King A attacked [8] Toledo: DEFEAT" means they attacked and were defeated? Or they attacked and we defeated them? The phrasing: "King A attacked [8] Toledo: DEFEAT" likely means the attack on Toledo resulted in a defeat for the attacker (King A). So we successfully defended Toledo. Also "King A attacked [7] Salamanca: VICTORY, conquered" means they attacked Salamanca and won, conquering it. But Salamanca was already enemy? Wait, [7] Salamanca is listed as ENEMY (King A). So they attacked their own village? That doesn't make sense. Let's read: "King A attacked [7] Salamanca: VICTORY, conquered". Perhaps Salamanca was previously neutral or something? But in our current report, [7] Salamanca is ENEMY (King A). The "last turn" events might be from before we got this snapshot? The report says: "These numbers are from TURN 8. Ignore quantities from earlier turns." And "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" describes events of turn 7? Actually it says "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" and lists events. It says "King A attacked [8] Toledo: DEFEAT" and "King A attacked [7] Salamanca: VICTORY, conquered". So last turn, King A attacked Toledo and was defeated, and attacked Salamanca and conquered it. But in the current state, Salamanca is enemy. So maybe Salamanca was previously neutral or something else? But the current state shows it as enemy. So perhaps King A conquered it from someone else? Or it was a misprint? Anyway, we don't need to worry.

Also reinforcements arrived at [8] Toledo: many reinforcements. So Toledo is strong now: 13 troops at home, effective defense 33. That's high.

Our goal: hold 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns. We have 11. We need to capture 7 more villages. There are 24 total. Enemy villages: we know [7] Salamanca (enemy), [4] Badajoz (enemy), [0] Lisboa (enemy capital). Also unexplored might be enemy or neutral. Neutral villages: [15] Murcia, [14] Burgos, [11] Cordoba. Unexplored: [6] Porto, [10] Vigo, [3] Coimbra, [9] Sevilha, [5] Faro, [1] Santarem, [2] Evora. Some of these might be enemy or neutral. We need to explore/conquer.

We have a strong Toledo with 13 troops, including 7 knights. That's a powerful force. We can launch an offensive from Toledo against Badajoz ([4]) which is enemy with 1 spearman, 3 archers, 6 knights, effective defense 25. But note: effective defense includes location bonus. Badajoz is a village, so defense bonus x1.25? Actually the rule: "Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital)." The effective defense already includes the bonus. So Badajoz effective defense 25. Our attack force would count attack. We need to calculate if we can win.

But we also have Madrid, but it has 0 troops. We can reinforce Madrid from other villages.

We need to plan movements. Since orders are simultaneous, we need to consider what enemy might do. But we don't know. We can only order our moves.

We have no armies on march. So we can send troops now.

We need to decide which villages to build and where to send.

Let's think about the map. Our villages are mostly in the northeast (Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, etc.) and central (Madrid, Toledo, Zaragoza, etc.). Enemy is in the west/south (Badajoz, Salamanca, Lisboa). Neutral villages are scattered.

Road network: Madrid connects to Salamanca (enemy), Burgos (neutral), Toledo, Zaragoza, etc. Toledo connects to Badajoz (enemy), Cordoba (neutral), Madrid, Teruel, etc.

We need to capture villages. To win, we need 18 villages. We have 11. We can try to conquer neutral villages first, then enemy villages.

Neutral villages: Burgos (4 spearmen, defense 10), Cordoba (4 spearmen, defense 10), Murcia (4 knights, defense 10). These have garrisons. To attack them, we need to send troops. They are neutral, so we can attack them to conquer. But they will defend.

Also unexplored villages might be neutral or enemy. We can send troops to explore (attack) but we don't know their garrisons. However, we can see them if we get close? Actually we only see villages connected to ours by road, or where our armies are. So we can send armies to unexplored areas to reveal them.

But we need to be efficient.

Let's consider our troop strengths. We have many spearman (36) and some archers (2) and knights (10). Total 48. But they are distributed. Toledo has 13 troops: 4 spearman, 2 archer, 7 knight. That's a good mix. We can send some from Toledo to attack Badajoz. But we need to consider that if we send troops away, Toledo's defense weakens. However, Toledo is interior (no enemy border) according to the report? Actually [8] Toledo is BORDER with [4] (enemy). So it is a border village. Its effective defense is 33, which is high because of location bonus? It says effective defense (location bonus included): 33. That's with the troops at home? Wait, effective defense is calculated from the troops at home and the location bonus. The report says: "effective defense (location bonus included): 33 | troops at home: 13 / 300". So the 33 is the current defense value if attacked. It includes the troops and the bonus. So if we send troops away, the defense would drop. But we might not care if we are attacking.

We need to decide on a strategy. The plan from last turn: "Our immediate priority is to hold Toledo against the incoming enemy army. We have rushed all available fast troops from Castellon, Zaragoza, Teruel, and Madrid to reinforce the garrison. Our villages are building spearmen and knights to rebuild our forces. Once the enemy assault is repelled, we will launch a counteroffensive from Toledo against Badajoz, and from Madrid against Burgos, aiming to expand our territory and reach the 18-victory threshold."

But the map has changed: last turn Toledo was attacked and we defeated the enemy. So the immediate priority of holding Toledo is done. Now we can launch counteroffensive. However, we have no troops in Madrid (0). So we need to reinforce Madrid first if we want to attack from there. Or we can attack from Toledo against Badajoz.

Let's analyze the combat math.

Combat rules:
- Each troop type has attack and defense: spearman (A1, D2), archer (A2, D2), knight (A4, D2).
- When attacking, your troops count their ATTACK; defender counts DEFENSE.
- Counter triangle: spearman counters knight (multiplies force by 1.5), archer counters spearman (1.5), knight counters archer (1.5). The most numerous type sets the counter matchup. Ties break in order spearman, archer, knight.
- Defending: defense counts x1.25 in village, x1.5 in castle. In open field no bonus. The effective defense in report already includes bonus.
- The side with higher effective force wins. Tie favors defender.
- Winner takes losses (attrition against loser's effective force). The losing army is destroyed entirely? Actually: "The losing army is destroyed entirely; the winner takes losses and keeps marching." Wait, that's for open field? Let's read: "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there: head-on, or when one catches up with the other on the same stretch of road. It is an open-field battle: BOTH armies count their ATTACK, and neither gets a location bonus; a tie is decided by chance. The losing army is destroyed entirely; the winner takes losses and keeps marching." For attacking a village: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER. The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So when attacking a village, the winner takes losses, but the loser is destroyed? It doesn't explicitly say the loser is destroyed entirely for village attacks, but likely the defending army is destroyed or captured? Actually it says "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So both sides suffer losses, but the defender's army is reduced? Probably the defender's troops are lost. In any case, we need to calculate effective force.

Let's calculate effective force for attack and defense.

For attack: sum of (attack value of each troop) * (counter multiplier if applicable). The counter multiplier applies to the attacker's force if the attacker's most numerous type counters the defender's most numerous type? Or is it based on the matchup between the two armies? The rule: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counts spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5. The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."

So we need to determine the most numerous type in the attacking army and the most numerous type in the defending army. Then if the attacker's most numerous type counters the defender's most numerous type, the attacker's force is multiplied by 1.5. If the defender's most numerous type counters the attacker's most numerous type, does the defender get a multiplier? The rule says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't specify only for attacker. It says "your force" meaning the side that has the counter. So if the defender's most numerous type counters the attacker's most numerous type, the defender's force is multiplied by 1.5? But the rule says "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counts spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't specify attacker or defender. So presumably, if either side has the counter, their force is multiplied. But it says "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup". So we compare the most numerous type of army A and most numerous type of army B. If A's most numerous counters B's most numerous, A gets x1.5. If B's most numerous counters A's most numerous, B gets x1.5. If they are the same type, or no counter, then no multiplier. Also ties in count break in order spearman, archer, knight. So if both have same number of spearmen and archers, etc., the order determines which is considered most numerous.

For defense, the defender's defense value is used, and then multiplied by location bonus (already included in effective defense). But does the defender also get the counter multiplier? The rule says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't exclude defense. So if the defender's most numerous type counters the attacker's most numerous type, the defender's effective force (which is based on defense) might be multiplied? But careful: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs." So the attacker's force is sum of attacks, defender's force is sum of defenses. Then we apply counter multiplier? The rule says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So if the attacker has the counter, their attack sum is multiplied by 1.5. If the defender has the counter, their defense sum is multiplied by 1.5? But the effective defense in the report already includes location bonus. Does it also include counter? No, because counter depends on the attacker's army composition, which is not known when the report gives effective defense. The effective defense in the report is likely just the defense sum with location bonus, without counter, because counter depends on who attacks. So we need to calculate counter separately.

Let's read the report: "effective defense (location bonus included): 9" etc. So that number is the defender's defense force including location bonus, but not including counter. So when we attack, we need to compute our attack force, then apply counter if we have it, and compare to the defender's effective defense (possibly multiplied by counter if defender has counter against us).

But wait: the rule says "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins." So we need to compute effective force for both sides, including counter and location bonus. The report gives effective defense with location bonus. So we can use that as the base for defender, then multiply by counter if defender has counter.

So combat calculation:
Attacker effective force = (sum of attack of each troop) * (1.5 if attacker's most numerous type counters defender's most numerous type, else 1)
Defender effective force = (effective defense from report) * (1.5 if defender's most numerous type counters attacker's most numerous type, else 1)

But careful: The defender's most numerous type is based on the troops defending the village. The report gives the garrison composition. For example, Badajoz: garrison: 1 spearman, 3 archers, 6 knights. So most numerous is knights (6). For Toledo: troops at home: 13. We don't know the composition exactly? The report says "troops at home: 13 / 300" and "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 4 spearman, 2 archer, 7 knight". So the troops at home are exactly those available to send? Yes, because no troops are marching. So Toledo has 4 spearman, 2 archer, 7 knights. Most numerous is knights (7).

So if we attack Badajoz with an army, we need to know our composition and their composition to determine counter.

Let's consider attacking Badajoz from Toledo. We can send troops from Toledo. Toledo has 4 spearman, 2 archer, 7 knights. If we send all, our army would be 4 spear, 2 arch, 7 knights. Most numerous: knights (7). Defender Badajoz: 1 spear, 3 arch, 6 knights. Most numerous: knights (6). Knight does not counter knight. So no counter for either. Attacker force: spear: 4*1=4, arch: 2*2=4, knight: 7*4=28. Total attack = 36. Defender effective defense: 25 (from report). So attacker 36 vs defender 25. Attacker wins. But we take losses. The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So we would lose some troops. How many? Attrition is not specified exactly. It says "attrition against the loser's effective force". Probably we lose a number of troops equal to some fraction? In many games, losses are proportional. But we don't have a formula. We might need to assume that losses are significant. But we can still win.

However, if we send all troops from Toledo, Toledo's defense becomes 0? Actually if we send all, the village will have 0 troops at home, so its effective defense would drop to just the location bonus? The location bonus is already included in the effective defense number. For Toledo, effective defense 33 with 13 troops. If we remove all troops, the defense would be just the location bonus. But we don't know the base defense. The rule: "Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital)." So the effective defense = (sum of defense of troops) * location multiplier. For Toledo, we can compute: troops defense: spearman D2, archer D2, knight D2. So all troops have defense 2. So sum of defense = 13 * 2 = 26. Location multiplier: Toledo is a village? It says "effective defense (location bonus included): 33". 26 * 1.25 = 32.5, rounded to 33? Yes, 26 * 1.25 = 32.5, likely rounded up to 33. So location bonus is x1.25 (village). If we remove all troops, defense would be 0 * 1.25 = 0. So Toledo would be vulnerable.

But we might not need to send all. We can send a portion. Also we can build more troops.

We have many villages producing resources. We should build troops to reinforce our villages and prepare for attacks.

Let's think about the overall strategy. We need 18 villages. We have 11. We can try to conquer the neutral villages: Burgos, Cordoba, Murcia. Also the unexplored ones might be neutral or enemy. If we conquer all neutrals, that's 3, bringing us to 14. Then we need 4 more from enemy. Enemy has at least Badajoz, Salamanca, Lisboa. Possibly others unexplored: Porto, Vigo, Coimbra, Sevilha, Faro, Santarem, Evora. Some might be enemy. So we need to conquer enough to reach 18.

But we also need to hold them for 2 consecutive turns. So we need to defend them from enemy counterattacks.

We should first reinforce our border villages and build up troops. Then launch attacks.

Let's list all villages with their resources and possible builds.

We need to decide builds for each village. Since resources are per village, we should build troops that match the village's resources and strategic role.

We have 11 villages. Their production: each produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. So each village gets +30 wood, +20 iron per turn. We can order builds that use the current stock.

Let's compute current stock and possible builds:

Barcelona: wood 30, iron 70. Can build: 2 spearman (30 wood), or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron), or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Also can build combination: e.g., 1 spearman (15 wood) + 1 archer (20 wood) = 35 wood >30, not possible. 1 spearman (15) + 1 knight (30) = 45 wood >30. So only one build per turn? Actually we can build multiple of the same type if resources allow. For example, 2 spearman uses 30 wood. Or 1 knight uses 30 wood. Or 1 archer uses 20 wood, leaving 10 wood, but cannot build another because spearman needs 15, archer needs 20, knight needs 30. So only one build per turn typically, unless we build spearman which costs 15, so we can build 2. So Barcelona can build 2 spearman, or 1 archer, or 1 knight. Which is best? Knights are powerful but expensive. We might want to build knights for offense. But we need to consider that we already have many knights. We might want to build more spearman to hold villages, since spearman are cheap and good defense? Actually defense value is same for all: 2. But spearman are weak in attack (1). For defense, they are fine. But we need to consider counter: spearman counters knight. If we have many spearman, they can counter enemy knights. But our villages are mostly interior, so defense might not be needed if we are on offense.

But we need to build up our army to attack. Let's think about which villages should build what.

We have Toledo with 7 knights. That's our main strike force. We might want to build more knights there? Toledo has wood 30, iron 40. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). That would give it 8 knights. Or build spearman: 2 spearman (30 wood). Or archer: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Since we want to attack Badajoz, we might want to send troops from Toledo. But if we send all 7 knights, we lose them if we take losses. We might want to build more to replace.

Also we have Madrid with 0 troops. We need to reinforce Madrid if we want to use it as a staging point. Madrid has wood 30, iron 20. Can build: 2 spearman (30 wood), or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Cannot build knight (needs 30 iron). So Madrid can only build spearman or archer. We should build spearman to defend Madrid and to send.

Pamplona: wood 30, iron 20. Same as Madrid: can build 2 spearman or 1 archer.

Other villages have more iron, can build knights.

We need to decide on a plan. Let's read the plan from last turn: "Once the enemy assault is repelled, we will launch a counteroffensive from Toledo against Badajoz, and from Madrid against Burgos". That seems reasonable. But we need to reinforce Madrid first. We can send troops from other villages to Madrid. For example, from Zaragoza, Huesca, etc. But they are interior and might be needed for defense? Actually our interior villages have no enemy border, so they are safe from attack? The report says "INTERIOR (no enemy border)" for many. So they won't be attacked unless the enemy marches there? But the enemy can only attack if they have a road connection? Actually they can march along roads and attack any village they reach. But if a village is interior, it might be behind our lines. But if we lose our border villages, then interior ones could become border. So we need to be careful.

But we can send troops from interior to Madrid to reinforce it. Madrid is border with enemy [7] Salamanca. So we should strengthen Madrid.

Let's list the road connections for Madrid: [7] Salamanca (enemy), [8] Toledo (ours), [14] Burgos (neutral), [17] Zaragoza (ours). So Madrid is a key hub. We want to have a strong garrison there to prevent enemy attacks and to launch attacks on Burgos or Salamanca.

Currently Madrid has 0 troops. We can send troops from Zaragoza, Toledo, etc. But we need to consider travel time. From Zaragoza to Madrid: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Zaragoza? Actually the report says for Zaragoza: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So it takes 1 turn for fast troops, 1 for medium, 1 for slow? Actually it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" meaning all take 1 turn? That seems odd. Usually the numbers are different. Let's check: For Barcelona to Madrid: "3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So travel time depends on speed. For Zaragoza to Madrid: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means all speeds take 1 turn? That would mean it's adjacent. Indeed, looking at road network: Zaragoza [17] connects to Madrid [12] directly. So it's one road segment. So any troop can travel in 1 turn. Similarly, Toledo to Madrid: Toledo [8] connects to Madrid [12] directly. So also 1 turn for all speeds? The report for Toledo says: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" but that's for Castellon? Wait, the report for each village shows the march time to the nearest border village. For Toledo, it says "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" - that's from Castellon? Actually the line is under Castellon: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So from Castellon to Toledo takes 2 slow, 2 medium, 1 fast. From Zaragoza to Madrid: 1/1/1. From Madrid to Salamanca: 1/1/1 (since Madrid connects to Salamanca). So many connections are 1 turn for fast troops.

So we can quickly reinforce Madrid from Zaragoza, Toledo, etc.

But we need to decide on builds and movements for this turn.

Let's think about the immediate threats. The enemy might attack our border villages this turn. We don't know their orders. But we can prepare defenses. Our border villages: Madrid (0 troops), Toledo (13 troops), and maybe others? The report says for Madrid: "BORDER with [7] (enemy)". For Toledo: "BORDER with [4] (enemy)". Are there other border villages? Barcelona is interior. Tarragona interior. Girona interior. Castellon interior. Zaragoza interior. Huesca interior. Valencia interior. Teruel interior. Pamplona interior. So only Madrid and Toledo are border villages. So the enemy can only attack Madrid or Toledo directly from their current positions? They could also march through neutral villages? But they would have to go through roads. Enemy villages: Salamanca [7] connects to Madrid [12], Coimbra [3], Porto [6], Badajoz [4]. Badajoz connects to Toledo [8], Cordoba [11], etc. So the enemy can attack Madrid from Salamanca, or attack Toledo from Badajoz.

Last turn, the enemy attacked Toledo and was defeated. They might try again, or they might attack Madrid. We need to reinforce Madrid to prevent it from falling. Madrid has 0 troops, so if enemy attacks, they will win easily. So we should send troops to Madrid this turn.

We can send troops from interior villages to Madrid. Which villages can reach Madrid in 1 turn? Zaragoza, Toledo, maybe others? From road network: Madrid connects to Salamanca, Toledo, Burgos, Zaragoza. So from Zaragoza (1 turn), from Toledo (1 turn), from Burgos (neutral, but we don't control), from Salamanca (enemy). So we can send from Zaragoza and Toledo. Also from Pamplona? Pamplona connects to Burgos and Zaragoza, not directly to Madrid. So Pamplona to Madrid would go via Zaragoza or Burgos? Actually road: Pamplona [19] connects to [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza, [20] Huesca. So to get to Madrid, they'd have to go through Zaragoza or Burgos. Since Zaragoza is ours, they can go through it. But the rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So if we send from Pamplona to Madrid, they would march along roads. The path: Pamplona -> Zaragoza -> Madrid. Zaragoza is ours, so they would pass through? Actually the rule: "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So if we send from Pamplona to Madrid, they would go Pamplona -> Zaragoza (ours) -> Madrid. Since Zaragoza is ours, they wouldn't stop there; they would continue to Madrid. But the travel time would be longer. From Pamplona to Madrid: distance? Pamplona to Zaragoza: 1 turn? Actually the report for Pamplona says: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So it takes 2 slow, 2 medium, 1 fast turns to reach Madrid. So fast troops can do it in 1 turn? Wait, 1 fast turn? That seems too fast. Let's check: "2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" means for slow troops it takes 2 turns, medium 2 turns, fast 1 turn. So knights (fast) could go from Pamplona to Madrid in 1 turn? But distance: Pamplona to Zaragoza is 1 segment, Zaragoza to Madrid is 1 segment, so total 2 segments. Fast troops might travel 2 segments in 1 turn? The speed definitions: "spearman (slow), archer (medium), knight (fast)." The travel time per speed is given in the report. For example, from Barcelona to Madrid: "3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". That's 3 segments? Actually Barcelona to Madrid: Barcelona [22] -> Tarragona [21] -> Zaragoza [17] -> Madrid [12]? Or maybe a different route. The report says "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So the distance in terms of slow troop moves is 3, medium is 2, fast is 1. So fast troops can cover the distance in 1 turn, meaning they can move multiple segments in one turn? The rule: "Travel time is measured along the roads: a village that looks close on the map can be far by road." And "Each troop type has a speed: spearman (slow), archer (medium), knight (fast). A MIXED army marches at the speed of its SLOWEST troop." So the travel time is given as a number of turns for each speed. So if it says "1 fast turn", that means a knight can travel that distance in 1 turn. So knights are much faster. So we can send knights from Pamplona to Madrid in 1 turn? But careful: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" means that for a fast troop, it takes 1 turn. So yes, knights can go from Pamplona to Madrid in 1 turn. But wait, the path: Pamplona to Zaragoza to Madrid. If knights can do it in 1 turn, they must be able to traverse two segments in one turn. That's possible if fast troops move 2 segments per turn? Actually the numbers suggest that slow troops move 1 segment per turn, medium move maybe 1.5? But it's simplified: the report gives the exact number of turns for each speed. So we just use those numbers.

So we can send troops from various villages to Madrid. We need to decide which troops to send.

We want to defend Madrid. The enemy might attack Madrid from Salamanca. Salamanca currently has 1 knight (garrison). They might also send reinforcements from other places. But we don't know. We should put a decent force in Madrid to deter attack. What is a good defense? We can put spearman and maybe knights. But we need to consider that if the enemy attacks, they will use their attack force. We want our defense to be high. Effective defense in Madrid: currently 0 because no troops. If we send troops, the defense will be sum of defense * 1.25 (village). We can send a mix.

We also want to prepare an offensive. We can send troops from Toledo to attack Badajoz. But if we send them, they will take time to march. From Toledo to Badajoz: road connection? Toledo [8] connects to Badajoz [4] directly? Looking at road network: [8] Toledo connects to [4] Badajoz, [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel. So yes, direct connection. The report for Toledo says: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" - that's from another village. For Toledo itself, we need to know the march time to Badajoz. It's not given directly, but since it's a direct road, we can assume it's similar to other direct connections: likely 1 turn for fast, maybe 2 for slow? Actually from Madrid to Salamanca: 1/1/1. So direct connections seem to be 1 turn for all speeds? But from Barcelona to Madrid took 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast, meaning it's multiple segments. So a direct connection between adjacent villages on the road network is one segment. The time for one segment: for slow troops, it might be 1 turn per segment? But then why would medium and fast also take 1 turn for some distances? Actually if the distance is 1 segment, all troops would take 1 turn, because you can't go faster than 1 turn per segment? But the report says for Zaragoza to Madrid: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So for that distance, all speeds take 1 turn. For Pamplona to Madrid: "2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So that distance is 2 segments for slow, but fast can do it in 1 turn? That implies fast troops can cover 2 segments in 1 turn. So the speed differences matter over longer distances.

So from Toledo to Badajoz: they are directly connected, so it's 1 segment. Therefore, all troops would take 1 turn to march there? But wait, if it's 1 segment, then even slow troops should take 1 turn. But the report doesn't give the time from Toledo to Badajoz. We can infer: since they are adjacent on the road network, the march time is likely 1 turn for all speeds. However, we need to be careful: the rule says "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So if we send from Toledo to Badajoz, they will arrive at Badajoz and fight. If we send from Toledo to Cordoba (neutral), they would go through? Actually Toledo to Cordoba: road is direct? [8] Toledo connects to [11] Cordoba. So also 1 segment. So troops from Toledo can reach Badajoz or Cordoba in 1 turn regardless of speed? But if we send a mixed army, the slowest troop sets the speed. If we send only knights, they are fast, but if the distance is 1 segment, it still takes 1 turn. So effectively, for adjacent villages, all troops take 1 turn.

So we can launch an attack from Toledo to Badajoz this turn, and it will arrive this turn? Wait, orders are simultaneous. If we order a march this turn, the troops will start marching and arrive after the travel time. So if we order a 1-turn march, they will arrive at the end of this turn? Actually the turn structure: we give orders, then the turn resolves. So if we order a march of 1 turn, the troops will arrive and participate in combat this turn? Or do they arrive next turn? Typically in such games, when you order a move, the troops move and arrive at the beginning of the next turn? But the report says "Marching takes turns, and during those turns the enemy keeps building and moving. The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival." So if we order a march of 1 turn, they will be in transit during this turn, and arrive next turn? Actually, if it takes 1 turn, they would arrive at the end of this turn, so they could fight this turn? But the enemy also moves simultaneously. The typical interpretation: you give orders, then the turn plays out. Troops that march for 1 turn will arrive at the destination at the end of the turn, and if the destination is attacked, they can participate in the defense? Or if they are attacking, they arrive and attack at the end of the turn? The rules: "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now. Nothing you order this turn is visible to them before it happens." So if we order a march to an enemy village, the enemy might also order a march to our village, etc. The combat resolves based on who arrives when. Since travel times can be multiple turns, we need to consider when troops arrive. The report shows "ARMIES ON THE MARCH: YOURS: none". So currently no armies marching. If we order a march of 1 turn, they will be on the march for this turn, and will arrive at the start of the next turn? Or at the end of this turn? The phrase "Marching takes turns" suggests that if a march takes N turns, the troops are on the march for N turns, and arrive after N turns. So if N=1, they arrive at the end of this turn? But then they would be available for combat this turn? Actually, if they are attacking a village, they would arrive and fight at the end of the turn. But the enemy could also have sent troops to that village this turn, and they might arrive at different times? The rules don't specify exact timing within the turn. Usually, all moves are simultaneous, and combat is resolved at the end of the turn based on who is where. But the rule "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there" suggests that if an army is marching through a region, it might encounter enemy armies on the road. But if we send an army to attack an enemy village, they will march there and arrive. If the enemy also sends an army to attack our village, they might meet on the road? But since we are attacking a village, we are not on the road meeting another army unless they are also on the same road segment.

Given the complexity, we should focus on what we can do this turn. We can send troops to reinforce Madrid and/or launch an attack on Badajoz or a neutral village.

Let's consider the strength of our forces. We have 48 troops total. If we send a large force to attack Badajoz, we might win but take losses. Badajoz has effective defense 25. We can calculate the outcome.

We need to decide on a composition for the attack. We want to minimize losses. The defender has 1 spear, 3 arch, 6 knights. Most numerous: knights. If we attack with an army that has most numerous type that counters knights? Knight counters archer, archer counters spearman, spearman counters knight. So to counter knights, we need spearman as our most numerous type. So if we send many spearman, we get a 1.5x multiplier. But spearman have low attack (1). So we would need many to overcome the defense. Alternatively, we could send mostly knights, but they don't counter knights, so no multiplier. Or we could send archers? Archers counter spearman, but defender has only 1 spearman, so most numerous is knights, so archers don't counter knights. So only spearman counters knights.

So if we send an army of, say, 10 spearman and some others, our most numerous is spearman, which counters defender's knights, so we get 1.5x on our attack force. That could be effective.

But we also need to consider that the defender might get a counter if we have a type they counter. Defender's most numerous is knights. Knights counter archers. So if we send many archers, the defender's knights would counter our archers, giving the defender 1.5x? Wait, the rule: "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So if the defender's most numerous type (knights) counters our most numerous type (archers), then the defender gets 1.5x on their defense force. That would be bad. So we should avoid sending archers as the most numerous type when attacking Badajoz. If we send spearman as most numerous, we counter their knights, so we get 1.5x, and they don't counter us (since knights don't counter spearman? Actually knight counters archer, not spearman. Spearman counters knight. So knights do not counter spearman. So if we send spearman, we get the counter bonus, they don't. Good.)

So an attack force with many spearman is good.

We have 36 spearman total across all villages. We can gather them and send to Badajoz. But we need to consider travel times and where to gather.

We can send spearman from various villages to Toledo, and then from Toledo to Badajoz. But if we send them to Toledo this turn, they will arrive at Toledo next turn (if it takes 1 turn). Then from Toledo to Badajoz would take another turn. So it might be faster to send them directly from their origin villages to Badajoz if the road network allows. But they would have to go through our villages or neutral ones. The rule: "You cannot march past an enemy or neutral village to hit one behind it." So to attack Badajoz, we must start from a village that has a road to Badajoz without passing through an enemy or neutral village? Actually, the rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So if we send troops from, say, Zaragoza to Badajoz, the path might be Zaragoza -> Madrid -> Toledo -> Badajoz? Or Zaragoza -> Madrid -> Badajoz? Let's check roads: Zaragoza [17] connects to Madrid [12], and also to Teruel [13], Huesca [20], etc. To get to Badajoz, they could go Zaragoza -> Madrid -> Badajoz? Madrid connects to Badajoz? No, Madrid connects to Toledo, not directly to Badajoz. Road network: [12] Madrid connects to [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza. [8] Toledo connects to [4] Badajoz. So from Zaragoza to Badajoz: Zaragoza -> Madrid -> Toledo -> Badajoz. That's 3 segments. But they would pass through Madrid (ours) and Toledo (ours). Since they are ours, they can pass through. But the travel time would be longer. Alternatively, we can send from Toledo directly to Badajoz (1 segment). So it's better to stage troops at Toledo.

So we should send troops to Toledo this turn, and then next turn send them from Toledo to Badajoz. Or we can send them directly from their origin to Badajoz if the travel time is acceptable. But sending to Toledo first allows us to consolidate.

We also need to consider that if we send all our spearman to Toledo, Toledo's defense might drop, but Toledo is a border village and might be attacked. However, we have 13 troops there currently. If we send more there, we increase its defense. But if we send them away to attack, we reduce it. We need to balance.

Maybe we can launch an attack on Badajoz this turn using Toledo's existing troops, while sending reinforcements from other villages to Toledo to hold the line. Or we can wait and build up more troops.

Let's think about the neutral villages. Burgos is neutral with 4 spearmen, defense 10. It is connected to Madrid, Vigo, Pamplona? Actually [14] Burgos connects to [10] Vigo, [12] Madrid, [19] Pamplona. So we can attack Burgos from Madrid or Pamplona. If we take Burgos, we get a village and eliminate a neutral threat. It might be easier than Badajoz.

Cordoba is neutral with 4 spearmen, defense 10, connected to Toledo, Sevilha, Murcia. We can attack from Toledo.

Murcia is neutral with 4 knights, defense 10, connected to Cordoba, Valencia. We can attack from Valencia or Cordoba.

Which should we target first? We need 7 more villages. Taking the three neutrals gives 3, then we need 4 from enemy. The enemy has Badajoz, Salamanca, Lisboa, and possibly others. So we need to fight the enemy eventually.

We should probably take the neutrals first to increase our count and reduce the enemy's potential reinforcements? Actually neutrals don't reinforce the enemy, but they could be taken by the enemy. If the enemy takes a neutral, they become enemy villages, which is bad. Last turn, the enemy attacked Salamanca? That was already enemy. They also attacked Toledo and were defeated. They might be building up.

We need to act quickly. Since we have the initiative (the enemy was defeated at Toledo), we might want to press the advantage.

Let's consider our troop production. We can build troops this turn. We should build as many as possible, especially spearman and knights, to replace losses and grow our army.

Let's list each village's build options and decide what to build.

We want to maximize our military strength. Since spearman are cheap and good against knights, we should build many spearman. But we also need knights for speed and high attack. Archers are less useful because they are weak against knights (knights counter archers) and have medium speed. But we have only 2 archers total. We might want to build more archers? Actually, archers counter spearman. If the enemy has many spearman, archers are good. But we don't know enemy composition. Currently, enemy Badajoz has 6 knights, 3 archers, 1 spear. Salamanca has 1 knight. So enemy seems to have knights. So spearman are good against them. We should focus on spearman and knights.

Knights are expensive but powerful. We have many villages with high iron, so we can build knights.

Let's decide on builds for each village:

We need to consider that each village can only build what it can afford. We should build troops that are useful for that village's role. For interior villages, we can build troops and then send them to the front. For border villages, we might want to build troops for defense.

But since we are on offense, we might want to build troops and send them to staging areas.

Let's list villages and their resources, and suggest builds:

Barcelona: wood 30, iron 70. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Knight is more valuable. But we might want to build spearman to replace losses. However, Barcelona is far from the front. It might be better to build knights there and then send them to Toledo or Madrid. Knights are fast, so they can travel quickly. Let's build 1 knight.

Tarragona: wood 30, iron 60. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 spearman. Build 1 knight.

Girona: wood 30, iron 80. Can build 1 knight or 2 spearman. Build 1 knight.

Castellon: wood 30, iron 40. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 spearman. Build 1 knight.

Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 40. Can build 1 knight or 2 spearman. Zaragoza is close to Madrid. We might want to build spearman to send to Madrid, since Madrid cannot build knights (iron 20). But Zaragoza can build knights. However, if we build knights, we can send them to Madrid or Toledo. Knights are fast and can reinforce quickly. Let's build 1 knight? But we might need spearman for the attack on Badajoz. Actually, we can build knights and use them in attack. But for attacking Badajoz, spearman are better due to counter. So maybe we should build spearman in Zaragoza to send to Madrid/Toledo. Let's build 2 spearman? But wood 30 allows 2 spearman (30 wood). That uses all wood. Iron would be unused. That's fine. We can build 2 spearman.

Huesca: wood 30, iron 50. Can build 1 knight or 2 spearman. Build 1 knight? Or 2 spearman? Huesca is interior. Let's build 1 knight.

Valencia: wood 30, iron 60. Can build 1 knight or 2 spearman. Build 1 knight.

Teruel: wood 30, iron 40. Can build 1 knight or 2 spearman. Teruel is close to Toledo and Madrid. We might want to build spearman to send. Let's build 2 spearman.

Madrid: wood 30, iron 20. Cannot build knight. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). We need to defend Madrid. Build 2 spearman.

Pamplona: wood 30, iron 20. Same: build 2 spearman.

Toledo: wood 30, iron 40. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Toledo already has 7 knights. We might want to build more knights to replace losses if we send them. Or build spearman to reinforce. Since we plan to attack Badajoz, we might want to build spearman there to have a balanced attack force. But we can also build a knight. Let's build 1 knight? Actually, if we send troops from Toledo to Badajoz, we might lose some. Building a knight gives us a fast reinforcement. But spearman are more numerous. Let's build 2 spearman? But wood 30 allows 2 spearman. That would give Toledo 6 spearman total. Or we could build 1 knight and have 8 knights. I think building knights is good because they are powerful and we have iron. But we need to consider that we might want to send some troops away. If we build 2 spearman, we increase the spearman count, which is good for counter. Let's build 2 spearman in Toledo? But wait, Toledo's iron is 40. If we build 2 spearman, we use 30 wood, 0 iron. That leaves iron for later. If we build 1 knight, we use 30 wood, 30 iron, leaving 0 wood, 10 iron. So we can't build anything else. I think building 2 spearman is better because we can then have more spearman to send as counter.

But we also need to consider that we have many villages that can build knights, and we already have 10 knights total. We might want to increase spearman count because we have 36 spearman, but they are spread out. We can gather them.

Let's think about the total resources we have. Each turn, all villages produce 30 wood and 20 iron. So total wood per turn: 11 * 30 = 330. Total iron: 11 * 20 = 220. But each village's builds are limited by its own stock. So we can't centralize resources. So we need to build in each village according to its stock.

We should build the most efficient troops. Spearman cost 15 wood, 0 iron. So they are wood-only. Knights cost 30 wood, 30 iron. So they use both. Since iron is more scarce per village (some have only 20), we should build knights where iron is plentiful, and spearman where iron is low.

Let's categorize villages by iron:
High iron (>=40): Barcelona (70), Tarragona (60), Girona (80), Castellon (40), Zaragoza (40), Huesca (50), Valencia (60), Teruel (40), Toledo (40). That's 9 villages.
Low iron (20): Madrid (20), Pamplona (20). These can only build spearman or archer.

So we can build knights in 9 villages. But we might not need that many knights. We already have 10 knights. Building 9 more would give us 19 knights, which is a lot. But knights are expensive and we might want to diversify.

We should consider the cap: 300 troops per village, we are far from it.

Let's decide on a build order for this turn. We want to prepare for an attack on Badajoz or other targets. We need to gather troops at Toledo or Madrid.

Since we have no marching troops, we can send troops this turn. We should send troops to reinforce Madrid, because it's vulnerable. We can send spearman from Zaragoza, Teruel, etc. to Madrid. Also we can send troops from Toledo to Badajoz? But if we send from Toledo, we reduce its defense. Maybe we should send reinforcements to Toledo from interior villages, and then send Toledo's troops to Badajoz. But that would take two turns: first send reinforcements to Toledo, then next turn send them to Badajoz. Alternatively, we can send troops directly from interior villages to Badajoz, but they would have to go through Toledo or Madrid. If they go through Toledo, they might stop at Toledo if it's not ours? But Toledo is ours, so they can pass through. However, the travel time would be longer. For example, from Zaragoza to Badajoz: Zaragoza -> Madrid -> Toledo -> Badajoz. That's 3 segments. For fast troops, maybe 2 turns? We need to check the report for march times from each village to their nearest border village. That gives an idea of distance.

For Zaragoza: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So to Madrid is 1 turn for all. From Madrid to Badajoz: Madrid to Toledo is 1 turn? Actually Madrid to Toledo: road direct, so likely 1 turn. Then Toledo to Badajoz: 1 turn. So total from Zaragoza to Badajoz: 3 segments. For slow troops, that might be 3 turns? But the report only gives time to the nearest border village, not to all. We can estimate: since Zaragoza to Madrid is 1 slow turn, that means the distance is such that slow troops take 1 turn. So that segment is 1 slow-turn. Madrid to Toledo: likely also 1 slow-turn? Actually, from the report for Castellon: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So Castellon to Toledo takes 2 slow turns. So distances vary. We don't have the exact time from Zaragoza to Badajoz. But we can infer that if we send troops from Zaragoza to Badajoz, they would take multiple turns. It might be faster to send them to Toledo first (1 turn from Zaragoza to Madrid? Actually Zaragoza to Toledo: Zaragoza -> Madrid -> Toledo, that's 2 segments. The report for Zaragoza says to Madrid is 1 turn for all. So Madrid to Toledo is likely 1 turn for all as well? But we don't know. Actually, from the report for Madrid: it doesn't give a march time because it's a border village itself. But we can look at the road network: Madrid to Toledo is direct. Since Madrid to Salamanca is 1/1/1, likely Madrid to Toledo is also 1/1/1. So Zaragoza to Toledo would be 2 segments, so maybe 2 slow turns? But if slow troops take 1 turn per segment, then 2 segments = 2 slow turns. But the report for Zaragoza says to Madrid is 1 slow turn, meaning that segment is 1 slow turn. So Madrid to Toledo is another segment, so total 2 slow turns. So from Zaragoza to Toledo would take 2 slow turns, 2 medium? Actually, if each segment takes 1 slow turn, then 2 segments take 2 slow turns. For medium, maybe 1 turn per segment? But the report gives specific numbers: for Castellon to Toledo: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast. So for 2 segments, slow takes 2, medium takes 2, fast takes 1. So fast troops can cover 2 segments in 1 turn. So from Zaragoza to Toledo (2 segments) would take 2 slow, 2 medium, 1 fast. So knights could do it in 1 turn. So we can send knights from Zaragoza to Toledo in 1 turn. Then from Toledo to Badajoz (1 segment) would take 1 more turn for knights? Actually, if knights can do 2 segments in 1 turn, then 1 segment would take... less than 1 turn? But turns are whole numbers. Typically, a fast troop can move 2 segments per turn, so a 1-segment move takes 1 turn? Actually, if a fast troop can move 2 segments in 1 turn, then a 1-segment move would also take 1 turn (since you can't move half a turn). So from Toledo to Badajoz, knights would take 1 turn. So total from Zaragoza to Badajoz for knights: Zaragoza to Toledo (1 turn) + Toledo to Badajoz (1 turn) = 2 turns. But if we send them directly, they would go Zaragoza -> Madrid -> Toledo -> Badajoz. That's 3 segments. Knights can do 2 segments per turn, so 3 segments would take 2 turns (first turn 2 segments, second turn 1 segment). So also 2 turns. So it might be the same.

But the rule about stopping at the first non-owned village: if we send from Zaragoza to Badajoz, they would pass through Madrid (ours) and Toledo (ours), so they wouldn't stop. So they would go directly. So we can send from any village to Badajoz as long as the path is through our villages. But we need to know the travel time to decide when they arrive.

Since we want to attack Badajoz, we might want to send troops now to arrive in time. But we don't know the enemy's moves. Maybe we should just send all available troops from Toledo to Badajoz this turn, and send reinforcements from other villages to Toledo to hold it. That way, we attack with the current garrison, and then reinforce afterwards.

Let's consider the combat outcome if we send all 13 troops from Toledo to Badajoz. We calculated: attacker force 36 (4 spear, 2 arch, 7 knight) vs defender effective defense 25. No counter for either (both most numerous knights). So attacker 36 > 25, we win. But we take losses. How many losses? The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." It doesn't specify the formula. In some games, losses are a percentage. We might lose some troops. But we would win and likely take the village. However, if we send all troops from Toledo, Toledo becomes undefended. The enemy might attack Toledo from Badajoz? But if we take Badajoz, then the enemy there is gone. Or the enemy might attack Madrid from Salamanca. So we need to consider the overall situation.

Maybe we should not send all troops from Toledo. We can send a portion, keeping some for defense. We can send, say, the 7 knights and 2 archers, keeping 4 spearman. That would be attack force: 7 knights (28), 2 archers (4) = 32. Still > 25. Or we can send only knights: 7 knights = 28 > 25. So we could win with just knights. But if we send only knights, our most numerous is knights, defender most numerous is knights, no counter. So 28 vs 25, win. But we might take losses. If we send all 7 knights, they might be reduced. We could instead send some spearman to get counter bonus. If we send, say, 10 spearman from somewhere to join the attack? But we need to gather them.

We have spearman in many villages. We can send spearman from Zaragoza, Teruel, etc. to Toledo, and then from Toledo to Badajoz? But that would take time.

Maybe we can launch a two-pronged attack: one from Toledo against Badajoz, and one from Madrid against Salamanca or Burgos.

Let's think about Madrid. Madrid has 0 troops. If we send troops to Madrid, they can defend it and also attack Salamanca or Burgos. Salamanca has 1 knight, defense 3. That's very weak. We could easily take Salamanca. If we take Salamanca, we eliminate an enemy village and get a new village. That would bring us to 12 villages. Then we need 6 more.

Burgos is neutral with 4 spearmen, defense 10. We could take it from Madrid or Pamplona.

So a possible plan: Reinforce Madrid with spearman from nearby villages. Then from Madrid, attack Salamanca (enemy) to conquer it. Also, from Toledo, attack Badajoz. Or we could focus on one front.

We need to consider that the enemy might also send reinforcements. Last turn, many reinforcements arrived at Badajoz. So Badajoz might have more troops now? But the report shows Badajoz garrison: 1 spearman, 3 archers, 6 knights. That's the current snapshot. So that's what we have.

Also, the enemy capital Lisboa is unexplored. We don't know its garrison. But we don't need to take it to win.

Let's set a strategy for this turn and the next few turns.

Plan: 
- Build troops in all villages as much as possible, prioritizing spearman and knights.
- Send reinforcements to Madrid from interior villages (Zaragoza, Teruel, Pamplona, etc.) to build up its garrison.
- From Madrid, prepare to attack Salamanca (enemy) and/or Burgos (neutral).
- From Toledo, prepare to attack Badajoz (enemy) and/or Cordoba (neutral).
- Aim to conquer neutral villages first to increase our count, then enemy villages.

But we need to write a specific plan text.

Now, let's decide on exact builds and movements for this turn.

We need to output JSON with build and movements arrays.

Builds: we can order builds for each village. We should order builds that are useful. Since we want to reinforce Madrid and prepare attacks, we should build spearman in villages that can reach Madrid quickly, and knights in others.

Let's list each village and what we should build:

1. Barcelona: build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). (Or 2 spearman? But knights are more valuable for offense. We can send knights to the front. They are fast. Let's build 1 knight.)
2. Tarragona: build 1 knight.
3. Girona: build 1 knight.
4. Castellon: build 1 knight? Or 2 spearman? Castellon is close to Valencia and Teruel. It might be a good source of spearman. But it has iron 40, so can build knight. Let's build 1 knight.
5. Zaragoza: build 2 spearman (30 wood). We want to send spearman to Madrid. Zaragoza is close to Madrid. So build spearman here.
6. Huesca: build 1 knight? Or 2 spearman? Huesca is also close. Let's build 2 spearman? But iron 50, so can build knight. We might want knights for attack. But we already have many knights. Let's build 2 spearman to reinforce Madrid/Toledo. Actually, Huesca to Madrid: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So it's close. Spearman are slow, so they take 2 turns. Knights take 1 turn. So if we build knights, they can get to Madrid faster. But we might want spearman for counter. Let's build 1 knight in Huesca for speed.
7. Valencia: build 1 knight? Or 2 spearman? Valencia is near Teruel and Castellon. It might be a staging point for southern attacks. Let's build 2 spearman? Actually, Valencia has iron 60, so can build knight. Let's build 1 knight.
8. Teruel: build 2 spearman (30 wood). Teruel is close to Toledo and Madrid. We want to send spearman to Toledo or Madrid. So build spearman.
9. Madrid: build 2 spearman (30 wood). For defense.
10. Pamplona: build 2 spearman (30 wood). For defense and potential attack on Burgos.
11. Toledo: build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 knight? Toledo has iron 40. We might want to build knights to replace losses from the attack. But we also want spearman. Let's build 2 spearman to increase the spearman count for the counter bonus.

But wait, we need to check if we have enough wood. All have 30 wood, so can build 2 spearman or 1 knight or 1 archer. For villages building knights, they use 30 wood and 30 iron. That leaves 0 wood, but they still have iron left. For villages building 2 spearman, they use 30 wood, 0 iron, leaving iron untouched. So we can accumulate iron for future builds.

We should also consider that we might want to build archers somewhere? Archers cost 20 wood, 10 iron. They are not as good as knights or spearman for our strategy. We have only 2 archers total. We might build more if we need them, but probably not.

Let's decide on a mix. We want to increase our total troop count. We have 48 now. Building 1 knight in 7 villages gives 7 knights. Building 2 spearman in 4 villages (Zaragoza, Teruel, Madrid, Pamplona, Toledo?) That's 5 villages if we do 2 spearman each = 10 spearman. Total new troops: 7 knights + 10 spearman = 17. That would bring us to 65 troops.

But we need to be realistic: we can only order builds that the village can afford. Let's assign builds:

- Barcelona: 1 knight
- Tarragona: 1 knight
- Girona: 1 knight
- Castellon: 1 knight
- Zaragoza: 2 spearman
- Huesca: 1 knight
- Valencia: 1 knight
- Teruel: 2 spearman
- Madrid: 2 spearman
- Pamplona: 2 spearman
- Toledo: 2 spearman

That uses: 
Barcelona: wood 30, iron 70 -> after build: wood 0, iron 40 (since knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron). Next turn it will produce 30 wood, 20 iron, so wood 30, iron 60.
Tarragona: wood 30, iron 60 -> after knight: wood 0, iron 30.
Girona: wood 30, iron 80 -> wood 0, iron 50.
Castellon: wood 30, iron 40 -> wood 0, iron 10.
Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 40 -> 2 spearman cost 30 wood, 0 iron -> wood 0, iron 40.
Huesca: wood 30, iron 50 -> knight: wood 0, iron 20.
Valencia: wood 30, iron 60 -> knight: wood 0, iron 30.
Teruel: wood 30, iron 40 -> 2 spearman: wood 0, iron 40.
Madrid: wood 30, iron 20 -> 2 spearman: wood 0, iron 20.
Pamplona: wood 30, iron 20 -> 2 spearman: wood 0, iron 20.
Toledo: wood 30, iron 40 -> 2 spearman: wood 0, iron 40.

All builds are affordable.

Now, movements. We need to decide where to send troops. We have no troops marching. We can send troops from our villages to other villages (reinforce) or to enemy/neutral villages (attack).

We want to reinforce Madrid because it has 0 troops and is border. We can send troops from Zaragoza, Teruel, Toledo, etc. to Madrid. But we need to consider that if we send troops from a village, we reduce its garrison. We should send troops that are not needed for defense of that village. Since interior villages have no enemy border, they are safe from direct attack (unless the enemy breaks through). So we can send some of their troops.

We also want to launch an attack on Badajoz from Toledo. We can send troops from Toledo to Badajoz. But if we send all, Toledo is left with 0? We are building 2 spearman in Toledo this turn, but those won't be available until next turn? Actually, builds take 1 turn. The report says "ready in 1 turn". So if we order a build this turn, the troops will be available at the end of this turn? Or at the start of next turn? Typically, they are built and can be used the following turn. The report says: "spearman: costs 15 wood + 0 iron, ready in 1 turn." So if we order a build, it will be ready for movement next turn. So for this turn's movements, we can only send troops that are currently at home (the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" numbers).

So for this turn, we can only move the troops listed as available. We cannot move the newly built troops this turn. So our movements this turn must use the existing troops.

So let's list the available troops to send now for each village:

Barcelona: 2 spearman, 1 knight
Tarragona: 4 spearman, 1 knight
Girona: 4 spearman
Castellon: 2 spearman
Zaragoza: 4 spearman
Huesca: 5 spearman, 1 knight
Valencia: 4 spearman
Teruel: 2 spearman
Madrid: 0
Pamplona: 5 spearman
Toledo: 4 spearman, 2 archer, 7 knight

Total: 36 spearman, 2 archer, 10 knight = 48.

We need to decide which of these to move and where.

We want to reinforce Madrid. Madrid currently has 0. We can send troops from nearby villages: Zaragoza (4 spearman), Teruel (2 spearman), Toledo (some), Pamplona (5 spearman), etc. But we also want to attack.

Let's consider sending a stack to Madrid to defend it. What is a good garrison? If the enemy attacks Madrid from Salamanca, they might send troops. Salamanca currently has 1 knight. They could also send reinforcements from Badajoz or Lisboa. We don't know. To be safe, we should put at least a few spearman and maybe a knight. But we can also send a larger force to launch an attack from Madrid.

We could send troops from Zaragoza (4 spearman) and Teruel (2 spearman) to Madrid, giving it 6 spearman. That would raise its defense. But spearman are slow, so they take time to march. From Zaragoza to Madrid: 1 slow turn? Actually the report says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Zaragoza to Madrid. So spearman (slow) take 1 turn. So they would arrive this turn? Wait, if it takes 1 turn, they would arrive at the end of this turn? Or next turn? The phrase "1 slow turn" means the march takes 1 turn. So if we order them to march this turn, they will be on the march for this turn, and arrive at the start of the next turn? Or at the end of this turn? In many simultaneous games, a 1-turn march means they arrive at the destination at the end of the turn, so they can participate in combat that turn if the destination is attacked? But since orders are simultaneous, the enemy might also send troops. If we send troops to Madrid, and the enemy sends troops to attack Madrid, they might meet? Actually, if we send troops to Madrid, they are marching to Madrid. If the enemy sends troops to attack Madrid, they are marching to Madrid. They might meet on the road? But the rule: "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there". So if both are marching to Madrid, they might meet on the road before reaching the village. That could be bad. We need to be careful.

Given the complexity, maybe we should not send troops to Madrid if we think the enemy might attack it. Instead, we could send troops to attack an enemy village, forcing the enemy to defend.

Alternatively, we can send troops to reinforce our own villages that are not border, to prepare for future attacks.

Let's think about the enemy's likely moves. Last turn, they attacked Toledo and were defeated, and they conquered Salamanca (which was already theirs?). They also had reinforcements arrive at Badajoz. So they are probably building up Badajoz and maybe preparing to attack Toledo again or attack Madrid. Since Madrid has 0 troops, it's an attractive target. So the enemy might attack Madrid this turn. If they do, and we send reinforcements to Madrid, they might meet on the road. If we send troops to Madrid, and the enemy sends troops to Madrid, they could meet on the road segment between Salamanca and Madrid. If they meet, it's an open-field battle. The enemy would be attacking, we would be marching? Actually, both are marching. The rule: "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there: head-on, or when one catches up with the other on the same stretch of road. It is an open-field battle: BOTH armies count their ATTACK, and neither gets a location bonus; a tie is decided by chance. The losing army is destroyed entirely; the winner takes losses and keeps marching." So if they meet on the road, one army could be destroyed. That's risky.

If we send troops to Madrid, and they are slow (spearman), they take 1 turn. The enemy from Salamanca to Madrid also takes 1 turn (since it's 1 segment). So they would both be on the road at the same time? Actually, if both start at the same time and take 1 turn, they would arrive at the destination at the same time, but they might meet on the road? The rule says they meet on the road if they are on the same stretch of road. Since they are both traveling the same road in opposite directions, they would meet halfway. So a fight would occur on the road. That could be bad because neither gets location bonus, and the enemy might have a stronger force. So we might not want to send troops to Madrid if the enemy is also sending troops there. But we don't know what the enemy is doing.

We could instead send troops to attack Salamanca from Madrid? But Madrid has 0 troops, so we can't send from there. We could send troops from our villages to attack Salamanca directly. For example, from Zaragoza to Salamanca? The path: Zaragoza -> Madrid -> Salamanca. That's 2 segments. But we would have to pass through Madrid (ours) and then to Salamanca. Since Madrid is ours, they wouldn't stop. But if Madrid has no troops, it's still ours. So we can send from Zaragoza to Salamanca. That would take some turns. But if we send from Zaragoza to Salamanca, we might meet enemy troops on the road if they are also moving.

Maybe we should focus on building up our forces and sending them to safe staging areas rather than attacking immediately. We can send troops from interior villages to other interior villages to consolidate. For example, send spearman from Pamplona to Zaragoza, etc. But that might not be productive.

Another idea: Since the enemy capital is Lisboa, and we don't need to take it, we can focus on picking off the smaller enemy villages. Salamanca has only 1 knight, defense 3. It's very weak. If we can get a force to attack it, we can easily take it. How to get a force there? We can send troops from Madrid, but Madrid is empty. We can send troops from Zaragoza or Pamplona to Madrid, and then next turn from Madrid to Salamanca. Or we can send troops directly from Zaragoza to Salamanca. Let's check travel time: Zaragoza to Salamanca: Zaragoza -> Madrid -> Salamanca. That's 2 segments. For slow troops, that would be 2 turns? For fast, 1 turn? The report for Zaragoza says to Madrid is 1 slow turn. So Madrid to Salamanca is likely 1 slow turn as well. So total 2 slow turns. So if we send spearman from Zaragoza to Salamanca, they would take 2 turns to arrive. During those 2 turns, the enemy could reinforce Salamanca or attack elsewhere.

We could send knights from somewhere to Salamanca. Knights are fast. From Toledo, for example: Toledo -> Madrid -> Salamanca? Or Toledo -> Badajoz -> Salamanca? Actually, Toledo connects to Madrid and Badajoz. To get to Salamanca, they could go Toledo -> Madrid -> Salamanca (2 segments). Knights could do it in 1 turn? If knights can do 2 segments in 1 turn, then from Toledo to Salamanca would take 1 turn. So we could send knights from Toledo to attack Salamanca this turn, and they would arrive this turn? But if they take 1 turn, they arrive at the end of this turn. But then Toledo would lose its knights. We might want to keep knights in Toledo to defend or attack Badajoz.

Let's consider sending a mixed force from Toledo to attack Salamanca. Salamanca defense: 1 knight, effective defense 3. That's tiny. We could send just a few spearman to take it. But we need to get them there. If we send from Toledo, we can send spearman? Toledo has 4 spearman. They are slow. From Toledo to Salamanca: Toledo -> Madrid -> Salamanca. That's 2 segments. Slow troops take 2 turns. So they wouldn't arrive until turn after next. So we might want to send knights instead, but we might need those knights for Badajoz.

Maybe we should attack Badajoz first. Badajoz is a bigger prize. If we take Badajoz, we eliminate an enemy village and gain a border village. Then we can use Badajoz to attack further.

Let's focus on Badajoz. We can send troops from Toledo to Badajoz this turn. They will arrive this turn? Toledo to Badajoz is 1 segment. So all troops take 1 turn to march. So if we send them this turn, they will arrive at Badajoz at the end of this turn and fight? Or next turn? The rule: "Marching takes turns, and during those turns the enemy keeps building and moving." If it takes 1 turn, they are on the march for this turn. So they would arrive at the start of the next turn? Or at the end of this turn? The typical interpretation in these games is that a 1-turn march means the troops will be at the destination at the end of the turn, so they can participate in combat that turn if the destination is attacked. But since the enemy also moves, if the enemy sends troops to attack Toledo, they might meet on the road? Actually, if we send from Toledo to Badajoz, and the enemy sends from Badajoz to Toledo, they would meet on the road between them. That would be an open-field battle. That could be good or bad.

We need to decide on a move. Let's assume that if we send troops to attack an enemy village, they will arrive and assault the village at the end of the turn. The enemy might also send troops to defend or attack elsewhere. Since we have the initiative, maybe we should just attack.

Let's calculate the attack on Badajoz with different compositions.

Option 1: Send all 13 troops from Toledo (4 spear, 2 arch, 7 knight). Attack force = 4*1 + 2*2 + 7*4 = 4+4+28=36. Defender effective defense 25. No counter. We win 36>25. Losses: we take attrition against loser's effective force. The loser's effective force is their defense? Or their attack? In a village attack, the defender's effective force is their defense (with location bonus). So they have 25. We have 36. The difference is 11. We might lose troops proportional to their force? Not specified. We might lose some troops but win. After winning, we take the village. But we need to have enough troops to hold it. If we send all, Toledo is left with 0 (but we are building 2 spearman this turn, which will be there next turn? Actually, builds this turn will be ready next turn. So after this turn's movement, Toledo might have 0 troops, but next turn it will have the 2 newly built spearman. But if the enemy attacks Toledo next turn, it would be vulnerable. However, if we take Badajoz, the enemy there is gone, so the immediate threat to Toledo is reduced. But the enemy could still attack from other places.

Option 2: Send only the 7 knights from Toledo. Attack force = 28. Defender defense 25. Win 28>25. We keep 4 spearman and 2 archer in Toledo for defense. That might be safer. Then Toledo still has some defense. But the attack force is lower, so we might take more losses? Actually, with 28 vs 25, the margin is smaller, so we might suffer more attrition. But we keep some troops.

Option 3: Send some spearman from other villages to join the attack to get the counter bonus. For example, send 4 spearman from Zaragoza to Badajoz? But they would take time. If we send them to Toledo first, they arrive next turn, then next turn they can go to Badajoz. That's a 2-turn plan. Meanwhile, we could send the knights this turn to weaken the defense, then next turn send spearman to finish. But that gives the enemy time to reinforce.

Given that we want to move quickly, maybe we should attack Badajoz now with the troops we have in Toledo. We can send a mix that ensures victory but preserves some defense. Let's send 7 knights and 2 archers? That's 28+4=32. Or send 7 knights, 1 archer, 2 spear? That's 28+2+2=32. We need to keep at least some spearman for defense? Actually, if we keep 4 spearman, Toledo defense becomes 4*2*1.25 = 10? Wait, effective defense with 4 spearman: 4*2=8, *1.25 = 10. That's not very high. If the enemy attacks, they might take Toledo. But if we take Badajoz, the enemy there is eliminated, so they might not have the strength to attack Toledo.

Let's think about the enemy's strength. Badajoz has 6 knights, 3 archers, 1 spear. That's a significant force. If we attack and win, we will take losses. Our knights might be reduced. We need to consider that we have other knights in other villages to reinforce.

Maybe we should not attack Badajoz this turn. Instead, we should reinforce Madrid and prepare to attack Salamanca, which is much weaker. Taking Salamanca gives us a village and reduces the enemy's border. Then we can attack from Salamanca to Coimbra or something.

Let's consider attacking Salamanca. We need to get troops to Salamanca. The closest our troops are in Zaragoza (4 spearman) and Pamplona (5 spearman). We can send them to Madrid, and then next turn to Salamanca. Or we can send knights from Toledo to Salamanca in 1 turn? Actually, Toledo to Salamanca: 2 segments. Knights can do 2 segments in 1 turn? The report for Castellon to Toledo says "2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So for a 2-segment distance, fast troops take 1 turn. So from Toledo to Salamanca (2 segments: Toledo-Madrid-Salamanca), knights would take 1 turn. So we could send knights from Toledo to Salamanca this turn, and they would arrive this turn. But then Toledo loses its knights. We could send some spearman from Zaragoza to Madrid to reinforce Madrid, and then next turn they can go to Salamanca. But if we send knights from Toledo to Salamanca, they can attack this turn. Salamanca defense: 1 knight, defense 3. Our 7 knights attack = 28. Win easily. We would take the village. But we leave Toledo with 4 spearman, 2 archer. That might be enough for defense if the enemy attacks Toledo? The enemy in Badajoz might attack Toledo. If they attack Toledo with their force, our 4 spearman and 2 archer would have defense: 4*2 + 2*2 = 12, *1.25 = 15. Enemy attack: they have 1 spear (1), 3 arch (6), 6 knights (24) = 31 attack. They would win easily. So if we send the knights away, Toledo might fall. So we need to keep enough defense in Toledo.

What if we send only some knights? We have 7 knights. We could send 3 knights to Salamanca, keeping 4 knights in Toledo. 3 knights attack = 12, still > 3, win. Toledo keeps 4 knights, 4 spear, 2 arch. Defense: 4*2+4*2+2*2 = 20, *1.25 = 25. That's better. Enemy attack from Badajoz: 31 vs 25, they still win, but we might hold if they take losses? Actually, if they attack, they win and take losses. They might still take Toledo but with losses. But if we take Salamanca, we get a village. So it's a trade.

Maybe we should attack Badajoz instead, because if we take Badajoz, we eliminate a large enemy force and gain a strong village. Then we can use Badajoz to attack further.

Let's consider the overall balance. We have 48 troops. Enemy has: Salamanca 1 knight, Badajoz 13 troops (1 spear, 3 arch, 6 knights). Total known enemy: 14 troops. Plus whatever in Lisboa and unexplored. We have more troops. We can afford to take losses if we can eliminate enemy villages.

I think the best move is to attack Badajoz with a strong force from Toledo, while sending reinforcements from other villages to Toledo to compensate for the losses and to hold the line. But since reinforcements take time, we might want to send them to Toledo this turn so they arrive next turn, and then next turn we can send the reinforced Toledo to attack? But that delays the attack.

Alternatively, we can attack Badajoz this turn with the existing Toledo troops, and also send spearman from Zaragoza and Teruel to Madrid to prepare for an attack on Salamanca next turn.

Let's decide on a combined attack: 
- From Toledo: send 7 knights and 2 archers to Badajoz. (Attack 28+4=32)
- Keep 4 spearman in Toledo for defense.
- From Zaragoza: send 4 spearman to Madrid (to reinforce Madrid and prepare for attack on Salamanca or Burgos).
- From Teruel: send 2 spearman to Madrid.
- From Pamplona: send 5 spearman to Madrid? Or keep some.
- From other villages, we can send troops to interior staging areas.

But we need to consider travel times and stacking. If we send spearman from Zaragoza to Madrid, they take 1 turn (since 1 slow turn). So they arrive at Madrid at the end of this turn. If we also send from Teruel to Madrid: Teruel to Madrid: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" - wait, that's for Teruel to Toledo? Actually, the report for Teruel says: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? Let's check: The report for Teruel says: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? No, it says: "[13] Teruel | ... from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? Actually, looking back: "[13] Teruel | INTERIOR (no enemy border) | ... from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? Wait, the text says: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? Let's re-read the report for Teruel:

"[13] Teruel | INTERIOR (no enemy border) | wood 30 (+30/turn) | iron 40 (+20/turn) | effective defense (location bonus included): 5 | troops at home: 2 / 300
    AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight (attack power if all sent: 2)
    from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"

So Teruel to Toledo is 1 slow turn. That means it's 1 segment? But Teruel connects to Toledo directly? Road network: [13] Teruel connects to [8] Toledo, [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon. So yes, Teruel to Toledo is direct. So 1 slow turn. So Teruel to Toledo is 1 turn for all speeds. But we want to send to Madrid? Teruel to Madrid: Teruel -> Toledo -> Madrid? Or Teruel -> Zaragoza -> Madrid? Both are 2 segments. So from Teruel to Madrid would take 2 slow turns? The report doesn't give that. It only gives to the nearest border village. Toledo is a border village. So from Teruel to Toledo is 1 turn. From Toledo to Madrid is 1 turn. So total 2 turns for slow. So if we send spearman from Teruel to Madrid, they would take 2 turns. That's slower. So maybe we should send them to Toledo instead, to reinforce Toledo after the attack? Or send them to Madrid via Zaragoza? Teruel to Zaragoza is 1 segment? Teruel connects to Zaragoza directly. So Teruel to Zaragoza is 1 turn. Then Zaragoza to Madrid is 1 turn. So also 2 turns. So it's the same.

So if we want to reinforce Madrid quickly, we should send from Zaragoza (1 turn) or from Toledo (1 turn). But Toledo is where we are attacking from, so we might not want to send troops away from it.

Let's think about Madrid. Madrid is a key hub. If we can get troops there, we can attack Salamanca or Burgos. But if we send troops from Zaragoza to Madrid, they arrive in 1 turn. That's good. We can send the 4 spearman from Zaragoza to Madrid. That gives Madrid 4 spearman. Then next turn, from Madrid we can attack Salamanca (1 turn away). Salamanca has 1 knight. 4 spearman attack = 4. Defender defense: 1 knight defense 2, location bonus? Salamanca is a village? It's enemy, so defense bonus x1.25? Effective defense given as 3. So 4 > 3, we win. But we need to consider counter: our most numerous is spearman, defender most numerous is knight. Spearman counters knight, so we get 1.5x! Our attack force becomes 4 * 1.5 = 6. Even better. So we can easily take Salamanca with 4 spearman. But we need to get them there. From Madrid to Salamanca is 1 turn. So if we send spearman from Zaragoza to Madrid this turn, they arrive next turn? Actually, if we send them this turn, they march for 1 turn, so they arrive at Madrid at the end of this turn? Or start of next turn? If they arrive at the end of this turn, they can be used to defend Madrid this turn if it's attacked. And then next turn they can march to Salamanca. So that's good.

What about the enemy? If the enemy attacks Madrid this turn, our newly arrived spearman might fight? If they arrive at the end of the turn, they would be there to defend if the enemy attacks. But if the enemy also sends troops to Madrid, they might meet on the road. If we send from Zaragoza to Madrid, and the enemy sends from Salamanca to Madrid, they would both be on the road between Madrid and Salamanca? Actually, Zaragoza to Madrid is a different road segment than Salamanca to Madrid. They wouldn't meet on the same road segment because they are coming from different directions. They would both arrive at Madrid. The rule: "Armies on different roads never meet, even where the roads look close on the map." So they would both arrive at Madrid and fight there? Or would they fight in the village? If both arrive at Madrid at the same time, one is reinforcing, the other is attacking. The village is owned by us. So the enemy would attack Madrid, and our troops would be there to defend. That's a village defense battle. Our defense would include the newly arrived troops. So that's good.

So sending spearman from Zaragoza to Madrid is a safe move: they will reinforce Madrid and be ready to defend or attack next turn.

Similarly, we can send spearman from Pamplona to Madrid? Pamplona to Madrid takes 2 slow turns? Actually, Pamplona to Madrid: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So slow troops take 2 turns. So if we send spearman from Pamplona, they would take 2 turns to reach Madrid. That's less immediate. We could send them to Burgos instead? Pamplona to Burgos: direct? Pamplona connects to Burgos [14]. So 1 turn. Burgos is neutral. If we send troops to Burgos, they would attack it? Actually, if we send to a neutral village, they will fight there. So we could send from Pamplona to attack Burgos. That might be a good move: take Burgos quickly. Let's check: Burgos has 4 spearmen, defense 10. Pamplona has 5 spearman. If we send 5 spearman from Pamplona to Burgos, they march 1 turn (since direct). Attack: 5 spearman = 5. Defender: 4 spearmen, defense 4*2=8, location bonus? Burgos is neutral village, so defense x1.25? Effective defense given as 10. So 8*1.25=10. Our attack 5 vs 10, we lose. Even with counter? Our most numerous spearman, defender most numerous spearman. No counter. So we would lose. We need more troops. We could send knights from somewhere to help. Or we could send from Pamplona to Madrid first, then from Madrid to Burgos? Madrid to Burgos is 1 turn. So we could gather a larger force.

Maybe we should focus on the weaker enemy village Salamanca first. It's only 1 knight. We can take it with minimal forces.

Let's plan a sequence:
Turn 8 (this turn): 
- Build troops as decided.
- Send spearman from Zaragoza to Madrid (4 spearman). They arrive next turn? Actually, if march takes 1 turn, they arrive at the end of this turn? We need to clarify timing. The report says "Marching takes turns". Typically, if you order a march of 1 turn, the troops will be on the march for this turn, and will arrive at the destination at the beginning of the next turn? Or at the end of this turn? The phrase "the defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival" suggests that if you send troops, they haven't arrived yet, so the defense you see is before they arrive. So if you send troops from a village, its defense might drop immediately? Actually, the report shows the current state. If you order movements, the troops are removed from the origin and start marching. They will arrive after the travel time. So during this turn, they are in transit. So if the enemy attacks the origin village this turn, the troops are not there to defend. So we need to be careful about pulling troops from villages that might be attacked.

Given that, if we send the 4 spearman from Zaragoza to Madrid, Zaragoza will have 0 troops left (since it had 4 spearman, and we send all). Zaragoza is interior (no enemy border), so it's unlikely to be attacked directly. But if the enemy breaks through Madrid, they could attack Zaragoza. But that's a risk. We might want to keep some troops in Zaragoza for defense. But it's interior, so probably safe.

We could send only 2 spearman from Zaragoza, keeping 2 for defense. But we want to reinforce Madrid quickly.

Let's think about the enemy's possible moves. The enemy has Salamanca (1 knight) and Badajoz (13 troops). They might attack Madrid from Salamanca, or attack Toledo from Badajoz. They could also send reinforcements to their villages. Since we don't know, we should prepare for both.

If the enemy attacks Madrid from Salamanca, they would send the 1 knight? Or they might send more if they have reinforcements. Last turn, they had reinforcements arrive at Badajoz. They might send some from Badajoz to Salamanca? But Badajoz to Salamanca: road? Badajoz connects to Salamanca? Looking at road network: [4] Badajoz connects to [1] Santarem, [5] Faro, [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha. So yes, Badajoz connects to Salamanca directly. So they could send troops from Badajoz to Salamanca, and then to Madrid? Or they could attack Madrid from Badajoz via Toledo? Actually, Badajoz to Madrid: Badajoz -> Toledo -> Madrid. That's 2 segments. So they could attack Madrid from Badajoz as well.

So Madrid could be attacked from multiple directions. We need a decent garrison there.

Let's decide on movements for this turn. We want to:
1. Reinforce Madrid with spearman from Zaragoza (and maybe Teruel).
2. Prepare to attack Salamanca from Madrid next turn.
3. Possibly attack Badajoz from Toledo to reduce the enemy strength.

But if we attack Badajoz, we might weaken Toledo, and the enemy might counterattack. Let's simulate the combat for Badajoz with a smaller attack force to see if we can win with acceptable losses.

We need to know the loss formula. It's not given. In many similar games, losses are calculated as: winner loses a number of troops equal to (loser's effective force / winner's effective force) * winner's troops? Or something like that. Without the formula, we have to guess. But we can assume that if we have a large advantage, we win with few losses. If we have a small advantage, we might take significant losses.

Let's try to find a move that gives us a high advantage. For Badajoz, we can send an army with spearman to get the counter bonus. We have spearman in many villages. We could gather spearman at Toledo and then attack. But gathering takes time.

Maybe we can send spearman from Zaragoza and Teruel to Toledo this turn, and then next turn send them all to Badajoz. That would be a 2-turn plan. Meanwhile, we can send the knights from Toledo to Salamanca this turn to take it quickly. Let's evaluate:

Turn 8:
- Send 4 spearman from Zaragoza to Toledo (1 turn? Zaragoza to Toledo: Zaragoza -> Madrid -> Toledo? Or Zaragoza -> Teruel -> Toledo? Actually, Zaragoza connects to Madrid and Teruel. To get to Toledo, they could go Zaragoza -> Madrid -> Toledo (2 segments) or Zaragoza -> Teruel -> Toledo (2 segments). So 2 slow turns. So spearman would take 2 turns to reach Toledo. That means they would arrive on Turn 10. That's slow.
- Send 2 spearman from Teruel to Toledo: Teruel to Toledo is 1 slow turn. So they arrive Turn 9.
- Send knights from Toledo to Salamanca: Toledo to Salamanca is 2 segments, knights take 1 turn. So they arrive Turn 8? Or Turn 9? If 1 turn, they arrive at end of Turn 8. So they could attack Salamanca this turn.

But if we send knights from Toledo to Salamanca, we leave Toledo with 4 spearman, 2 archer. That's defense 15. Badajoz might attack Toledo and win. So that's risky.

What if we send the knights to Badajoz instead? Toledo to Badajoz is 1 segment, 1 turn. So they arrive this turn. We can attack Badajoz with knights. But we need spearman for counter. If we send only knights, no counter. But we have 7 knights, attack 28 vs defense 25, win. But we might take losses. If we take Badajoz, we eliminate the enemy there. Then Toledo is safe from that direction. The enemy in Salamanca is only 1 knight, they might attack Madrid but not Toledo. So that could work.

After taking Badajoz, we can use it to launch further attacks. We would have Badajoz as a new village. Its resources: we don't know yet, but it will produce. We can build troops there next turn.

So a bold move: send all 7 knights from Toledo to Badajoz. Also send the 2 archers? That would be attack 32. Or send only knights to keep it simple. Let's send 7 knights and 2 archers? But archers are medium speed. A mixed army marches at the speed of the slowest. So if we include archers, the army moves at medium speed? Actually, knights are fast, archers are medium. The slowest is medium. So the army would take the medium travel time. For 1 segment, what is the medium time? The report for direct connections often says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" meaning all take 1 turn. So even medium takes 1 turn for 1 segment. So it's fine. But if we include archers, the army is mixed. The counter matchup is based on the most numerous type. If we send 7 knights and 2 archers, most numerous is knights. Defender most numerous is knights. No counter. So attack 28+4=32. If we send only knights, attack 28. Both win. Including archers gives higher attack, so likely fewer losses. But we might want to keep archers for defense? They have attack 2, defense 2. They are okay.

Let's send 7 knights and 2 archers from Toledo to Badajoz. That leaves 4 spearman in Toledo. Defense: 4*2*1.25 = 10? Actually, effective defense with 4 spearman: 4*2=8, *1.25=10. So Toledo defense becomes 10. If Badajoz attacks Toledo next turn (if we didn't take it), they would win. But we are taking Badajoz this turn, so the enemy there is eliminated. However, the enemy might have other troops in Badajoz that we don't see? The report shows the garrison. That's all that's there. So if we attack and win, we take the village. The enemy loses those troops. So Badajoz becomes ours. Then Toledo is safe from that side.

But what about the enemy's other villages? Salamanca has 1 knight. They might attack Madrid. We need to reinforce Madrid. We can send spearman from Zaragoza to Madrid. Zaragoza has 4 spearman. Send all 4 to Madrid. They take 1 turn (since Zaragoza to Madrid is 1 slow turn). So they arrive at Madrid this turn? Or next turn? If 1 turn, they arrive at the end of this turn. So they can defend Madrid if attacked this turn. That's good.

We also have Teruel with 2 spearman. We can send them to Madrid? But they take 2 turns. Or send them to Toledo to reinforce after the attack? Let's send them to Toledo? Teruel to Toledo is 1 turn. So they can reinforce Toledo quickly. If we send Teruel's 2 spearman to Toledo, they arrive this turn? Actually, 1 turn means they arrive at the end of this turn. So they would join Toledo's defense this turn if it's attacked. But we are sending Toledo's troops away, so we want to reinforce Toledo. So sending Teruel's 2 spearman to Toledo is good. That would bring Toledo's garrison to 4 (existing) + 2 = 6 spearman. Defense becomes 6*2*1.25 = 15. Better.

We also have Pamplona with 5 spearman. We can send them to Madrid? But they take 2 turns. Or send them to Burgos to attack? Or keep them. Let's send 3 from Pamplona to Zaragoza? Not needed.

We need to consider that we are building troops this turn, but they won't be available for movement this turn. So our movements only use the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" troops.

Let's list the movements we are considering:

From Toledo: send 7 knights, 2 archers to Badajoz (attack).
From Zaragoza: send 4 spearman to Madrid (reinforce).
From Teruel: send 2 spearman to Toledo (reinforce).
From Pamplona: maybe send some to Madrid or keep? Pamplona has 5 spearman. If we send them to Madrid, they take 2 turns, so they arrive Turn 10. That might be too late to help if Madrid is attacked this turn. We could send them to Burgos to attack? But as calculated, 5 spearman vs 4 spearmen in Burgos, we lose. So not good. We could send them to Zaragoza to reinforce, then next turn to Madrid. But Zaragoza is sending its troops away, so it would be empty. We could send from Pamplona to Zaragoza: 1 turn? Pamplona to Zaragoza: direct? Pamplona [19] connects to Zaragoza [17]? Road network: [19] Pamplona connects to [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza, [20] Huesca. So yes, direct. So 1 turn. So we can send spearman from Pamplona to Zaragoza this turn, they arrive next turn? Actually, 1 turn means they arrive at the end of this turn. So they would be in Zaragoza this turn? But if we send them to Zaragoza, and Zaragoza is sending its own troops to Madrid, then Zaragoza would have these new arrivals plus whatever it didn't send. But we are sending all 4 from Zaragoza, so Zaragoza would have 0 left, then receive 5 from Pamplona at the end of the turn. So Zaragoza would end up with 5 spearman. That's good for defense of Zaragoza and future moves. But Madrid would only get the 4 from Zaragoza this turn. That's okay.

What about Huesca? It has 5 spearman, 1 knight. We can send the knight to somewhere? Or keep. Huesca is interior. We might want to send its knight to Toledo or Madrid. Huesca to Madrid: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So knight (fast) takes 1 turn to reach Madrid? Actually, it says "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So fast troops take 1 turn. So we could send the knight from Huesca to Madrid in 1 turn. That would give Madrid a knight. But Madrid currently has 0. If we send a knight there, it can help defend and later attack. Let's send the knight from Huesca to Madrid. That uses the fast troop.

We also have Valencia with 4 spearman. We could send them to Teruel or Toledo? Valencia to Teruel: direct? Valencia [16] connects to Teruel [13]? Road: [16] Valencia connects to [13] Teruel, [15] Murcia, [18] Castellon. So direct. 1 turn. So we can send Valencia's 4 spearman to Teruel, and then they can go to Toledo? Or send directly to Toledo? Valencia to Toledo: Valencia -> Teruel -> Toledo (2 segments) or Valencia -> Castellon -> Teruel -> Toledo? Actually, shortest is Valencia -> Teruel -> Toledo, 2 segments. So 2 slow turns. So sending to Teruel is faster (1 turn). If we send to Teruel, they can reinforce Teruel, and then next turn go to Toledo. But Teruel is sending its own 2 spearman to Toledo. So we could send Valencia's 4 spearman to Toledo directly? But that takes 2 turns. Maybe we send them to Teruel to hold there, and then later move.

We need to be careful not to empty our interior villages completely, but they are safe.

Let's also consider Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Castellon. They have knights and spearman. They are far from the front. We might want to start moving their troops towards the front, but they will take many turns. We can send them to intermediate villages. For example, send Barcelona's knight to Tarragona? But that's not helpful. We can send them to Zaragoza or Madrid eventually. But for this turn, we might just keep them and build more.

Given the complexity, let's focus on the immediate critical moves: reinforce Madrid and attack Badajoz.

Proposed movements for Turn 8:

1. From Toledo: send 7 knights, 2 archers to Badajoz (attack). [Wait, we have 2 archers in Toledo. If we send them, we leave 4 spearman. That's fine.]
2. From Zaragoza: send 4 spearman to Madrid (reinforce).
3. From Teruel: send 2 spearman to Toledo (reinforce).
4. From Huesca: send 1 knight to Madrid (reinforce). [Huesca has 1 knight, 5 spearman. Send the knight.]
5. From Pamplona: send 5 spearman to Zaragoza (reinforce). [So Zaragoza gets these after it sends its own away.]
6. From Valencia: send 4 spearman to Teruel (reinforce). [Teruel gets them after sending its own away? Actually, if we send from Valencia to Teruel, they arrive at Teruel at the end of this turn. Teruel is sending 2 spearman to Toledo, so Teruel will have 0 + 4 = 4 spearman at the end of the turn. Good.]

We also have other villages: we can leave their troops for now.

But we need to check if we have enough troops in the origin villages for these moves. Let's verify:

- Toledo: available: 4 spearman, 2 archer, 7 knight. We send 7 knight, 2 archer. That uses all knights and archers. Leaves 4 spearman. OK.
- Zaragoza: available: 4 spearman. Send all 4 to Madrid. Leaves 0. But then Pamplona sends 5 spearman to Zaragoza, so Zaragoza ends with 5. OK.
- Teruel: available: 2 spearman. Send all 2 to Toledo. Leaves 0. Then Valencia sends 4 spearman to Teruel, so Teruel ends with 4. OK.
- Huesca: available: 5 spearman, 1 knight. Send 1 knight to Madrid. Leaves 5 spearman. OK.
- Pamplona: available: 5 spearman. Send all 5 to Zaragoza. Leaves 0. OK.
- Valencia: available: 4 spearman. Send all 4 to Teruel. Leaves 0. OK.

What about Madrid? It receives 4 spearman from Zaragoza and 1 knight from Huesca. So at the end of the turn, Madrid will have 4 spearman and 1 knight. That's a decent garrison.

What about the other villages? Barcelona (2 spear, 1 knight), Tarragona (4 spear, 1 knight), Girona (4 spear), Castellon (2 spear), we are not moving them. They stay.

Now, we need to consider the enemy's actions. The enemy might also send troops. But we can't control that.

We also need to consider that the troops we send to Madrid and Toledo will be on the march. Their travel times:
- Zaragoza to Madrid: 1 slow turn. So the 4 spearman will take 1 turn. They will arrive at Madrid at the end of this turn? Or next turn? We need to be consistent. The report says "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So for slow troops, it takes 1 turn. So if we order them now, they will be on the march for this turn, and arrive at the start of next turn? Or end of this turn? In many games, a 1-turn march means they arrive at the end of the turn, so they are available for combat that turn. But the phrase "the defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival" implies that if you send troops, they haven't arrived yet, so the defense you see is before they arrive. So if you send troops from a village, its defense drops immediately? Actually, the report shows the current state at the start of the turn. When you give orders, you are planning for the turn. The movements happen during the turn. So if you send troops from a village, they leave that village and are in transit. So that village's defense will be lower for the purposes of enemy attacks this turn. The destination village will not have those troops until they arrive. So if the enemy attacks the destination village this turn, the troops you sent won't be there to defend (unless they arrive before the attack resolves). The rules don't specify the order of resolution. Typically, all moves are simultaneous, and combat is resolved at the end of the turn based on where troops are at that time. If a troop is on the march for 1 turn, they are still on the road at the end of the turn? Or they arrive at the end? The rule "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there" suggests that if an army is moving, it might encounter a battle at an intermediate village. But if it's moving to an adjacent village, it might arrive and then fight if that village is attacked? Actually, the rule for attacking: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs." So if you send troops to attack an enemy village, they are the attacker. They don't defend. So the timing: you send them, they march, they arrive at the enemy village, and then they attack. That attack happens at the end of the turn? Or at the beginning of the next turn? The phrase "Marching takes turns, and during those turns the enemy keeps building and moving." suggests that if a march takes multiple turns, the troops are on the march for those turns, and during those turns, the enemy can do things. So if a march takes 1 turn, the troops are on the march for this turn, and they arrive at the end of this turn, so they can attack at the end of this turn? Or they arrive at the start of next turn? I think the standard interpretation in these types of games is that a 1-turn march means the troops will be at the destination at the end of the turn, so they can participate in combat that turn. But if they are attacked while on the march, they might fight on the road. The rule says: "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there". So if two armies are on the same road segment at the same time, they fight. If we send troops from A to B (1 turn), and the enemy sends troops from C to A (1 turn), they might meet on the road? Not necessarily, because they are on different roads unless they share a segment.

Given the ambiguity, we should assume that troops sent on a 1-turn march will arrive at their destination at the end of the turn and can fight there if applicable. But they are not present at the destination at the start of the turn, so if the enemy attacks the destination at the start of the turn? Actually, the enemy's moves are simultaneous. So if the enemy sends troops to attack Madrid, they will also march for some time. If both our reinforcements and the enemy's attack force are marching to Madrid, they might meet on the road? They would be on different roads if they come from different directions. If they come from the same direction, they might meet. But we can't predict.

I think it's safe to assume that sending reinforcements to a village will help defend it if attacked this turn, because they will arrive before or during the combat. Many games resolve all movements first, then combat. So troops arrive, then combat happens. So sending troops to Madrid will increase its defense for this turn's battles.

Similarly, sending troops to attack Badajoz means they will arrive and attack Badajoz this turn. The enemy in Badajoz might also send troops out, but if they stay, they defend. Our attack will resolve.

So let's proceed with the plan.

Now, we need to write the JSON.

Builds: we decided on builds for each village. Let's list them clearly:

- Barcelona: build 1 knight
- Tarragona: build 1 knight
- Girona: build 1 knight
- Castellon: build 1 knight
- Zaragoza: build 2 spearman
- Huesca: build 1 knight
- Valencia: build 1 knight
- Teruel: build 2 spearman
- Madrid: build 2 spearman
- Pamplona: build 2 spearman
- Toledo: build 2 spearman

But wait, we need to check if these builds are possible given the resources after movements? Actually, builds are ordered this turn based on current resources. The movements don't affect resources; resources are only used for builds. The troops we send away are already built. So we can order builds based on the current stock. The resources listed are what the village has now. So we can order these builds.

But we must ensure that the village can pay for the build NOW. For example, Barcelona has wood 30, iron 70. Building a knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. It can pay. So yes.

Now, movements: we need to specify the troops to send. The JSON format for movements: an array of objects with fromId, toId, and troops (object with spearman, archer, knight counts). We need to use the village IDs.

Let's list the movements:

1. from Toledo (8) to Badajoz (4): troops: spearman: 0, archer: 2, knight: 7. (We send 2 archers and 7 knights)
2. from Zaragoza (17) to Madrid (12): troops: spearman: 4, archer: 0, knight: 0.
3. from Teruel (13) to Toledo (8): troops: spearman: 2, archer: 0, knight: 0.
4. from Huesca (20) to Madrid (12): troops: spearman: 0, archer: 0, knight: 1.
5. from Pamplona (19) to Zaragoza (17): troops: spearman: 5, archer: 0, knight: 0.
6. from Valencia (16) to Teruel (13): troops: spearman: 4, archer: 0, knight: 0.

We should also consider if we want to send anything from other villages. For example, from Castellon (18) to somewhere? Castellon has 2 spearman. We could send them to Valencia or Teruel. But we might want to keep them for now. Let's leave them.

What about Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona? They are far. We can leave them.

Now, we need to write the plan and statement.

Plan: We need to describe our campaign over the next several turns. We should mention that we are launching a counteroffensive: attacking Badajoz from Toledo to eliminate the enemy's strongest force, reinforcing Madrid to prepare for an attack on Salamanca, and moving troops from interior villages to the front lines to build up our army. We will then aim to take Salamanca and the neutral villages to reach 18 villages.

Statement: We need to tell the audience what we did this turn. Something like: "This turn, we launched a bold strike from Toledo against Badajoz, sending our knights and archers to crush the enemy garrison. Simultaneously, we rushed spearman from Zaragoza, Huesca, Teruel, Pamplona, and Valencia to reinforce Madrid and Toledo, securing our borders and preparing for the next phase of our campaign. Our villages are producing troops to swell our ranks."

But we need to keep it to 2-4 lines.

Now, let's double-check the troop counts and IDs.

Village IDs:
Barcelona: 22
Tarragona: 21
Girona: 23
Castellon: 18
Zaragoza: 17
Huesca: 20
Valencia: 16
Teruel: 13
Madrid: 12
Pamplona: 19
Toledo: 8

Enemy: Badajoz: 4, Salamanca: 7.
Neutral: Burgos: 14, Cordoba: 11, Murcia: 15.

Our movements:
- from 8 to 4: archer 2, knight 7.
- from 17 to 12: spearman 4.
- from 13 to 8: spearman 2.
- from 20 to 12: knight 1.
- from 19 to 17: spearman 5.
- from 16 to 13: spearman 4.

Check if the origin villages have these troops available:
- Toledo (8): available: 4 spear, 2 arch, 7 knight. We send 2 arch, 7 knight. OK.
- Zaragoza (17): available: 4 spear. Send 4 spear. OK.
- Teruel (13): available: 2 spear. Send 2 spear. OK.
- Huesca (20): available: 5 spear, 1 knight. Send 1 knight. OK.
- Pamplona (19): available: 5 spear. Send 5 spear. OK.
- Valencia (16): available: 4 spear. Send 4 spear. OK.

All good.

Now, builds: we need to specify the villageId, type, quantity.

Let's list builds:
- Barcelona (22): knight, 1
- Tarragona (21): knight, 1
- Girona (23): knight, 1
- Castellon (18): knight, 1
- Zaragoza (17): spearman, 2
- Huesca (20): knight, 1
- Valencia (16): knight, 1
- Teruel (13): spearman, 2
- Madrid (12): spearman, 2
- Pamplona (19): spearman, 2
- Toledo (8): spearman, 2

Wait, Huesca: we said build 1 knight? But Huesca has wood 30, iron 50. It can build a knight. But we are also sending its knight away. So it will have 0 knights after movement, but we build 1 knight, so it will have 1 knight at the end of the turn? Actually, builds are ready in 1 turn. So the newly built knight won't be available for movement this turn, but will be there next turn. So Huesca will end the turn with 5 spearman (existing) + 1 knight (newly built) = 6 troops? But we sent the 1 knight away, so the existing knight is gone. So Huesca's troops at home after this turn: 5 spearman (remaining) + 1 knight (new) = 6. That's fine.

But we need to be careful: the build order uses resources. Huesca uses 30 wood, 30 iron to build a knight. It has wood 30, iron 50. So it can afford. After build, wood 0, iron 20. Then it sends the knight away (the one it already had). So the new knight stays. So Huesca will have 5 spearman and 1 knight at the end of the turn. Good.

Similarly, Toledo: we send 2 archers and 7 knights away. It had 4 spear, 2 arch, 7 knight. After sending, it has 4 spear. Then we build 2 spearman, so it ends with 6 spearman. Good.

Zaragoza: send 4 spear away, build 2 spear, so ends with 2 spear. But then Pamplona sends 5 spear to Zaragoza, so Zaragoza will have 2+5=7 spear? Wait, the movement from Pamplona to Zaragoza: those 5 spear are on the march. They will arrive at Zaragoza at the end of this turn? Or next turn? If they take 1 turn, they arrive at the end of this turn. So Zaragoza will have its own 2 newly built spear + the 5 arriving = 7 spear at the end of the turn. But careful: the builds are also ready at the end of the turn? Typically, builds are completed at the end of the turn. So the order of events: we give orders, then the turn resolves. Movements happen, builds complete. So at the end of the turn, the newly built troops are there, and the marching troops arrive. So Zaragoza will have 2 (new) + 5 (arriving) = 7 spear. But wait, the 5 from Pamplona are marching to Zaragoza. They start at Pamplona, move to Zaragoza. They are on the march for 1 turn. So they arrive at Zaragoza at the end of the turn. So yes, they are there at the end of the turn. So Zaragoza's final garrison: 7 spear.

Similarly, Teruel: sends 2 spear to Toledo, builds 2 spear, receives 4 spear from Valencia. So final: 2 (new) + 4 (arriving) = 6 spear? But wait, it sent 2 away, so it had 0 left from original. Then new build 2, plus arriving 4 = 6 spear. Good.

Madrid: receives 4 spear from Zaragoza, 1 knight from Huesca. Builds 2 spear. So final: 2 (new) + 4 + 1 = 7 troops (6 spear, 1 knight). Good.

Valencia: sends 4 spear to Teruel, builds 1 knight. So final: 1 knight (new) + 0? It had 4 spear, sent them, so 0 left. Then new knight. So final: 1 knight. But wait, we also have its original 4 spear? They are sent. So yes, 1 knight.

Pamplona: sends 5 spear to Zaragoza, builds 2 spear. So final: 2 spear (new) + 0? It had 5, sent them. So final: 2 spear.

Toledo: final: 4 spear (remaining) + 2 spear (new) = 6 spear. (We sent 2 arch, 7 knight)

Huesca: final: 5 spear (remaining) + 1 knight (new) = 6 troops.

Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Castellon: they didn't send troops away, so they have their original plus new builds.
Barcelona: original 2 spear, 1 knight; build 1 knight -> final: 2 spear, 2 knight.
Tarragona: original 4 spear, 1 knight; build 1 knight -> final: 4 spear, 2 knight.
Girona: original 4 spear; build 1 knight -> final: 4 spear, 1 knight.
Castellon: original 2 spear; build 1 knight -> final: 2 spear, 1 knight.

So total troops after this turn: let's sum:
Barcelona: 2s, 2k = 4
Tarragona: 4s, 2k = 6
Girona: 4s, 1k = 5
Castellon: 2s, 1k = 3
Zaragoza: 7s = 7
Huesca: 5s, 1k = 6
Valencia: 1k = 1
Teruel: 6s = 6
Madrid: 6s, 1k = 7
Pamplona: 2s = 2
Toledo: 6s = 6
Total: 4+6+5+3+7+6+1+6+7+2+6 = 53? Let's add: 4+6=10, +5=15, +3=18, +7=25, +6=31, +1=32, +6=38, +7=45, +2=47, +6=53. Plus the troops on the march: we have troops marching from Toledo to Badajoz (2 arch, 7 knight) - those are in transit, so they are not at home. They will arrive at Badajoz at the end of the turn. So they are not counted in the home garrisons. Also troops marching from Zaragoza to Madrid (4s), Teruel to Toledo (2s), Huesca to Madrid (1k), Pamplona to Zaragoza (5s), Valencia to Teruel (4s). Those are in transit. So the numbers above include the receiving villages after arrival? Actually, I calculated final garrisons assuming the marching troops arrive. So the total troops in villages (including those that arrived) is 53. But the marching troops are included in those numbers for the destination villages. The origin villages lost those troops. So the total number of troops in our empire is the sum of all village garrisons plus any troops on the march that haven't arrived? Actually, if they arrive at the end of the turn, they are at the destination. So the total troops we have is the sum of all village garrisons at the end of the turn. That includes the newly built ones and the ones that moved. So total 53. But we also have the troops that attacked Badajoz: they are now at Badajoz? If we took Badajoz, they would be there. If not, they might be on the road? Actually, if they attacked, they would have fought and taken losses, and then either won and occupied, or lost and retreated? The rules: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So after battle, the winner takes losses and keeps the village. So the attacking troops that survive will be in the captured village. So they are not on the march anymore. So our total troops might be less due to battle losses.

But for the JSON, we just need to output the orders.

Now, we need to write the plan and statement.

Plan: We should write a concise plan for the next several turns. Something like: "Our campaign focuses on eliminating the enemy's strongest forces and expanding our territory. This turn, we strike at Badajoz with our knights and archers from Toledo, aiming to destroy the enemy's main army and capture the village. We simultaneously reinforce Madrid with spearman and knights from Zaragoza, Huesca, Pamplona, and Valencia to secure our capital's approaches. In the coming turns, we will build on our momentum, attacking Salamanca from Madrid and the neutral villages of Burgos and Cordoba to reach the 18-victory threshold. Our interior villages continue producing troops to feed the front lines."

Statement: "This turn, we launched a decisive blow against the enemy's stronghold at Badajoz, sending our elite knights and archers from Toledo to crush their garrison. At the same time, we rushed spearman and knights from our interior villages to reinforce Madrid and Toledo, securing our borders against any counterattack. Our armies are on the move, and our villages are working tirelessly to build the forces needed for total victory."

Now, we need to format as JSON. The fields are: build, movements, plan, statement.

Build is an array of objects with villageId, type, quantity.
Movements is an array of objects with fromId, toId, troops (object with spearman, archer, knight).

Let's write the JSON.

We need to ensure the IDs are numbers, not strings. The example uses <id> as number.

So:

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 13, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 12, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 19, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 8, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 8, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 7}},
    {"fromId": 17, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 13, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 20, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 19, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 5, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 16, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}}
  ],
  "plan": "Our campaign focuses on eliminating the enemy's strongest forces and expanding our territory. This turn, we strike at Badajoz with our knights and archers from Toledo, aiming to destroy the enemy's main army and capture the village. We simultaneously reinforce Madrid with spearman and knights from Zaragoza, Huesca, Pamplona, and Valencia to secure our capital's approaches. In the coming turns, we will build on our momentum, attacking Salamanca from Madrid and the neutral villages of Burgos and Cordoba to reach the 18-victory threshold. Our interior villages continue producing troops to feed the front lines.",
  "statement": "This turn, we launched a decisive blow against the enemy's stronghold at Badajoz, sending our elite knights and archers from Toledo to crush their garrison. At the same time, we rushed spearman and knights from our interior villages to reinforce Madrid and Toledo, securing our borders against any counterattack. Our armies are on the move, and our villages are working tirelessly to build the forces needed for total victory."
}

We should double-check the troop types: "spearman", "archer", "knight" as per the enum.

Also, we need to make sure we are not ordering builds that the village cannot afford. Let's verify each build with resources:

Barcelona (22): wood 30, iron 70. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. OK.
Tarragona (21): wood 30, iron 60. Knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. OK.
Girona (23): wood 30, iron 80. Knight: OK.
Castellon (18): wood 30, iron 40. Knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. OK.
Zaragoza (17): wood 30, iron 40. 2 spearman: 30 wood, 0 iron. OK.
Huesca (20): wood 30, iron 50. Knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. OK.
Valencia (16): wood 30, iron 60. Knight: OK.
Teruel (13): wood 30, iron 40. 2 spearman: 30 wood, 0 iron. OK.
Madrid (12): wood 30, iron 20. 2 spearman: 30 wood, 0 iron. OK. (iron 20 left)
Pamplona (19): wood 30, iron 20. 2 spearman: 30 wood, 0 iron. OK.
Toledo (8): wood 30, iron 40. 2 spearman: 30 wood, 0 iron. OK.

All good.

Now, check movements: we are sending troops from villages that have them. We already verified.

One potential issue: we are sending 2 archers from Toledo. But the build order for Toledo is 2 spearman. That's fine.

Another thing: we are sending troops to Badajoz (4). Badajoz is an enemy village. The movement is an attack. The JSON format allows toId to be any village. So that's fine.

We should also consider if we want to send any troops to Burgos (14) or Cordoba (11) or Murcia (15) this turn. We don't have troops positioned well for that. We could send from Pamplona to Burgos, but as calculated, 5 spearman vs 4 spearmen defense 10, we lose. So not good. We could send from Madrid to Burgos after we reinforce Madrid, but that's next turn.

What about sending from Valencia to Murcia? Murcia has 4 knights, defense 10. Valencia has 4 spearman. Attack 4 vs defense 10, lose. Not good.

So our moves are good.

Now, we need to output only the JSON. No text before or after.

Let's write the final JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":8,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":7}},{"origemId":17,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":13,"destinoId":8,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":20,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":19,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":5,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":16,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [18]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [20]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [13]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [13]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [12]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [12]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [8]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [8]
ACEITO envio [8]->[4]: 2A+7K
ACEITO envio [17]->[12]: 4S
ACEITO envio [13]->[8]: 2S
ACEITO envio [20]->[12]: 1K
ACEITO envio [19]->[17]: 5S
ACEITO envio [16]->[13]: 4S
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Our campaign focuses on eliminating the enemy's strongest forces and expanding our territory. This turn, we strike at Badajoz with our knights and archers from Toledo, aiming to destroy the enemy's main army and capture the village. We simultaneously reinforce Madrid with spearman and knights from Zaragoza, Huesca, Pamplona, and Valencia to secure our capital's approaches. In the coming turns, we will build on our momentum, attacking Salamanca from Madrid and the neutral villages of Burgos and Cordoba to reach the 18-victory threshold. Our interior villages continue producing troops to feed th
depoimento (so tela/narracao): This turn, we launched a decisive blow against the enemy's stronghold at Badajoz, sending our elite knights and archers from Toledo to crush their garrison. At the same time, we rushed spearman and knights from our interior villages to reinforce Madrid and Toledo, securing our borders against any counterattack. Our armies are on the move, and our villages are working tirelessly to build the forces needed for total victory.
REFORCO [19] Pamplona dono B: 2S
REFORCO [8] Toledo dono B: 1K
REFORCO [8] Toledo dono B: 3K
REFORCO [8] Toledo dono B: 3S+2A+1K
REFORCO [8] Toledo dono B: 1K
COMBATE [8] Toledo: atacante A Fatk=5 (ef 8) Fdef=30 (ef 38) vant=1 -> vence defensor | baixas~3
REFORCO [9] Sevilha dono A: 1S+2A
COMBATE [7] Salamanca: atacante A Fatk=8 (ef 12) Fdef=8 (ef 10) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~3
REFORCO [4] Badajoz dono A: 1S+1A+1K
REFORCO [4] Badajoz dono A: 1K
REFORCO [9] Sevilha dono A: 1A
REFORCO [4] Badajoz dono A: 2K
REFORCO [6] Porto dono A: 3S
REFORCO [4] Badajoz dono A: 1A+1K
placar: A 9 ald/tropas 9 | B 11 ald/tropas 23 | neutras 4 | transito 18 (A 12 | B 6)

########## TURNO 9 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4060 | resposta 17065 | raciocinio 12963 | finish stop | ms 174558
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 7, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 9, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 0, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 1, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"archer\": 3}},\n    {\"fromId\": 2, \"toId\": 5, \"troops\": {\"knight\": 1, \"archer\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 3, \"toId\": 6, \"troops\": {\"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 5, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"knight\": 1, \"archer\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 6, \"toId\": 10, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 7, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 3, \"archer\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 9, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 3, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 11, \"toId\": 15, \"troops\": {\"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 1}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Conquer Badajoz with the massive wave of troops from Lisboa, Santarem, Faro, Salamanca, Sevilha. Next turn, march from Badajoz to Toledo and Madrid. Also, attack Vigo with Porto's troops and Murcia with Cordoba's troops to open the northern front. Remember to build troops in all villages.\",\n  \"statement\": \"I have launched a massive multi-village assault on Badajoz, sending 18 troops from five of my villages to overwhelm the enemy garrison. Simultaneously, I have opened two new fronts: sending Porto's army to attack the neutral Vigo, and Cordoba's troops to attack Murcia, aiming to bypass the heavily fortified Madrid and Toledo and reach the enemy's northern territories.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A in a strategy game.
Let's analyze the state of the game in Turn 9.

Current state:
- I hold 9 villages: Lisboa (0), Santarem (1), Evora (2), Coimbra (3), Faro (5), Porto (6), Salamanca (7), Sevilha (9), Cordoba (11).
- Goal: Hold at least 18 of 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. Currently 9/24.
- Enemy capital is Barcelona (22), unknown garrison.
- Enemy villages: Badajoz (4), Toledo (8), Madrid (12), Teruel (13 - last seen enemy), and likely others in the unexplored zone (Zaragoza, Valencia, Castellon, Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona, Barcelona, Girona).
- Neutral villages: Vigo (10), Murcia (15).
- Enemy capital is Barcelona (22).
- I need to look at my resources, troops, and the map to decide my next moves.

Let's check the troop counts and resources:
- Lisboa (0): 1 knight at home. Wood 30, Iron 30. 2 spearmen marching to [4] Badajoz (wait, the marching list says: "2 spearmen: [0] -> [4], arrives in 1 turn". But Badajoz is enemy! Oh, wait, last turn King B conquered Badajoz. So my 2 spearmen marching from Lisboa to Badajoz will arrive at an enemy village. Let's see).
Wait, the marching list says:
- 2 spearmen: [3] -> [7], arrives in 1 turn (Coimbra to Salamanca).
- 2 spearmen: [0] -> [4], arrives in 1 turn (Lisboa to Badajoz). Since Badajoz is enemy, they will attack it. But wait! Badajoz was conquered by King B last turn. So my spearmen will arrive at Badajoz and fight.
Let's look at the "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" section:
- "King B attacked [4] Badajoz: VICTORY, conquered" -> So Badajoz is now King B's.
- "Your reinforcement (1 archer) arrived at [4] Badajoz" -> wait, how did a reinforcement arrive at Badajoz if it was conquered? Ah, maybe it was sent before it was conquered, or it arrived just as it was conquered, or it was sent to Badajoz when it was mine, and now it's there. But wait, "Your reinforcement (1 archer) arrived at [4] Badajoz" is listed under last turn, but now Badajoz is enemy. Let's look at the current state of Badajoz: "garrison: 1 archer, 3 knights | effective defense: 10". It is listed under "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" as ENEMY (King B).
Wait, if Badajoz is enemy, my troops marching there will attack it.
Let's look at my available troops to send and build:
- Lisboa (0): 1 knight. Wood 30, Iron 30. Can build spearman (15 wood), archer (20 wood, 10 iron), knight (30 wood, 30 iron). I can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron), or 1 archer + 1 spearman, etc.
- Santarem (1): 2 archers. Wood 30, Iron 20. Can build archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 2 archers. Or spearman (15 wood).
- Evora (2): 1 knight. Wood 30, Iron 20. Can build archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or spearman (15 wood).
- Coimbra (3): 1 knight. Wood 40, Iron 30. Can build knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or archers.
- Faro (5): 1 knight. Wood 30, Iron 20.
- Porto (6): 2 spearmen. Wood 30, Iron 40. Can build archers or knights.
- Salamanca (7): 3 spearmen. Wood 30, Iron 20.
- Sevilha (9): 3 spearmen, 2 archers. Wood 40, Iron 30. Can build knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Cordoba (11): 1 archer, 1 knight. Wood 0, Iron 0. (Wait, wood 0, iron 0? It says "wood 0 (+30/turn) | iron 0 (+20/turn)". This means it currently has 0 wood and 0 iron, but produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn. So it cannot build anything this turn because it has 0 resources right now!).

Let's look at the enemy villages:
- Badajoz (4): 1 archer, 3 knights. Defense 10.
- Toledo (8): 8 spearmen. Defense 20.
- Madrid (12): 5 spearmen, 1 knight. Defense 15.
- Teruel (13): last seen 2 archers, 2 knights.
- Neutral: Vigo (10) has 4 knights, defense 10. Murcia (15) has 4 knights, defense 10.

Let's look at the roads and march distances:
- [1] Santarem to [4] Badajoz: 1 fast turn.
- [5] Faro to [4] Badajoz: 1 fast turn.
- [9] Sevilha to [4] Badajoz: 1 fast turn (via [5] or directly? Road says Sevilha [9] is connected to [4], [5], [11]. So yes, direct road to [4]).
- [7] Salamanca to [4] Badajoz: 1 fast turn (connected to [3], [4], [6], [12]).
- [11] Cordoba to [8] Toledo: 1 fast turn (connected to [8], [9], [15]).
- [11] Cordoba to [15] Murcia: 1 fast turn.
- [7] Salamanca to [12] Madrid: 1 fast turn.
- [6] Porto to [10] Vigo: 1 fast turn.

Let's look at my plan from last turn:
"Attack Madrid with Salamanca's knight; take Cordoba with Sevilha's archers and knight. Flood Badajoz with reinforcements from Santarem, Faro, Evora, Sevilha, Lisboa. Send follow-up from Badajoz to Madrid and Cordoba. Next turn: assess battles, reinforce Salamanca, plan Vigo and northern exploration. Remember to build troops."

Wait! Last turn, I conquered Cordoba (11). "You attacked [11] Cordoba: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 1 troop)".
But then "King B attacked [4] Badajoz: VICTORY, conquered". So Badajoz is now enemy.
And "You attacked [12] Madrid: DEFEAT (your army was lost)".
So Madrid is still enemy, and my attack on Madrid failed.
My troops are currently:
- 2 spearmen marching [3] -> [7] (Coimbra to Salamanca). Arrives in 1 turn.
- 2 spearmen marching [0] -> [4] (Lisboa to Badajoz). Arrives in 1 turn. Since Badajoz is enemy, they will attack Badajoz. But Badajoz has 1 archer, 3 knights, defense 10. 2 spearmen have attack 2 (or 2*1=2). They will definitely lose. But maybe they can tie or do something? No, 2 spearmen vs 1 archer + 3 knights. Knights have attack 4, defense 2. Archer attack 2, defense 2. In a village, defense is x1.25.
Let's calculate the defense of Badajoz: 1 archer (def 2 * 1.25 = 2.5), 3 knights (def 2 * 1.25 = 2.5 each, total 7.5). Total defense ~ 10 (as reported: effective defense 10).
My 2 spearmen have attack 1 each, total 2. They will be wiped out. But maybe it's just a distraction or I need to reinforce them? Or maybe I shouldn't have sent them, but they are already marching.

Let's think about the overall strategic situation.
I have 9 villages. The enemy has Badajoz (4), Toledo (8), Madrid (12), Teruel (13), and the northern ones (Zaragoza, Valencia, Castellon, Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona, Barcelona, Girona). That's 4 + 8 = 12 enemy villages, plus some neutrals (Vigo, Murcia).
To win, I need 18 villages (75% of 24).
Currently I have 9. I need 9 more.
The neutrals are Vigo (10) and Murcia (15). If I conquer them, I get 2 more, total 11.
I need to conquer at least 7 enemy villages.
The enemy's main strength seems to be in the north (Barcelona, etc.) and they have Badajoz, Toledo, Madrid, Teruel.
Let's look at the map:
My territory is a block in the south-west (Portugal/Spain south): Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, Coimbra, Faro, Porto, Salamanca, Sevilha, Cordoba.
The enemy has a block in the east/center: Badajoz, Toledo, Madrid, Teruel, and the north-east.
To expand, I need to break through the line of Badajoz, Toledo, Madrid, or go around.
Wait, can I go around?
Roads from my territory:
- Porto (6) -> Vigo (10) (neutral) -> Burgos (14) -> Pamplona (19) / Zaragoza (17) / Madrid (12).
- Cordoba (11) -> Murcia (15) (neutral) -> Valencia (16) -> Castellon (18) -> Tarragona (21) -> Barcelona (22).
- Salamanca (7) -> Madrid (12) -> Burgos (14) / Zaragoza (17).
- Sevilha (9) -> Cordoba (11) / Badajoz (4) / Faro (5).
- Santarem (1) -> Badajoz (4) / Coimbra (3) / Lisboa (0).

So the neutral villages Vigo (10) and Murcia (15) are gateways to the north and east.
Vigo (10) has 4 knights, defense 10.
Murcia (15) has 4 knights, defense 10.
If I can conquer Vigo and Murcia, I can bypass the heavy defenses of Badajoz/Toledo/Madrid and march directly into the northern enemy villages, which might be less defended, or at least I can attack Barcelona (22) from the north/west.
Wait, Barcelona is the enemy capital. Taking it is NOT required to win, but eliminating every enemy village is a win condition, or holding 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns.
If I conquer Vigo and Murcia, and then some northern villages, I can get to 18 villages.
Let's count how many villages I would have if I conquer Vigo, Murcia, and some northern ones.
Currently: 9.
If I take Vigo (10) and Murcia (15): 11.
Then I need 7 more. The northern ones are: Burgos (14), Zaragoza (17), Valencia (16), Castellon (18), Pamplona (19), Huesca (20), Tarragona (21), Barcelona (22), Girona (23). That's 9 villages. If I take 7 of them, I reach 18.
But wait, the enemy also has Badajoz (4), Toledo (8), Madrid (12), Teruel (13). If I take those 4 as well, that's 9 + 4 (Badajoz, Toledo, Madrid, Teruel) + 2 (Vigo, Murcia) = 15, plus 3 northern ones = 18.
Actually, if I conquer all enemy villages, I win immediately ("eliminate every enemy village").
The enemy villages are: Badajoz (4), Toledo (8), Madrid (12), Teruel (13), Zaragoza (17), Valencia (16), Castellon (18), Pamplona (19), Huesca (20), Tarragona (21), Barcelona (22), Girona (23). That's 12 villages.
If I conquer all 12, I win. Plus the 2 neutrals (Vigo, Murcia) would be mine or neutral, but if I eliminate all enemy villages, I win regardless of the neutrals (since the win condition is "eliminate every enemy village").
Wait, is it easier to just conquer all enemy villages?
Let's look at the enemy's defenses:
- Badajoz (4): 1 archer, 3 knights. Defense 10.
- Toledo (8): 8 spearmen. Defense 20.
- Madrid (12): 5 spearmen, 1 knight. Defense 15.
- Teruel (13): last seen 2 archers, 2 knights.
- Northern ones: unexplored, but likely have garrisons.

Let's look at my current troops and what I can build.
Total troops at home: 18 (8 spearman, 5 archer, 5 knight) + 4 marching (2 spearmen from Coimbra to Salamanca, 2 spearmen from Lisboa to Badajoz).
Wait, the marching 2 spearmen from Lisboa to Badajoz will arrive at Badajoz and fight. Since Badajoz has defense 10 and 2 spearmen have attack 2, they will die. But maybe they can weaken the garrison? No, in this game, the attacker's force is compared to the defender's force. If the attacker is much weaker, they just die without dealing significant damage (the defender takes attrition equal to the attacker's effective force, but if the attacker's force is tiny, the attrition is tiny).
Let's check the combat rules: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
So if 2 spearmen (attack 2) attack Badajoz (defense 10), the defender's effective force is 10. The attacker's effective force is 2. The defender wins and takes losses equal to the attacker's effective force (2). So the garrison of Badajoz might lose 2 defense worth of troops, e.g. 1 knight or 1 archer + some spearmen, but mostly they will remain strong.
But wait, if I send more troops to Badajoz, I can conquer it!
Let's see who can reach Badajoz in 1 turn:
- Santarem (1): 2 archers. Attack 4.
- Faro (5): 1 knight. Attack 4.
- Sevilha (9): 3 spearmen, 2 archers. Attack 3*1 + 2*2 = 7.
- Lisboa (0): 1 knight (already marching 2 spearmen, but I can send the knight? No, the knight is at home, I can send it). Attack 4.
- Salamanca (7): 3 spearmen. Attack 3.
If I send all available troops to Badajoz:
From Santarem: 2 archers (attack 4).
From Faro: 1 knight (attack 4).
From Sevilha: 3 spearmen, 2 archers (attack 7).
From Lisboa: 1 knight (attack 4).
From Salamanca: 3 spearmen (attack 3).
Total attack power: 4 + 4 + 7 + 4 + 3 = 22.
But wait! "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
Ah! This is a crucial rule!
"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
This means if I send 5 different armies to Badajoz, they will fight one after another, not together.
The order of fights: probably the order they arrive, or some random order, or the defender fights each one sequentially.
If they fight one at a time, the defender's garrison will be at full strength for the first army, then slightly reduced for the second, etc.
Badajoz has defense 10.
If I send:
1. Sevilha (7 attack): vs defense 10. Defender wins, loses ~7. Remaining defense ~ 3 (e.g. 1 knight, 1 archer).
2. Lisboa knight (4 attack): vs remaining defense 3. Knight wins, defender loses 3, attacker loses some. Remaining defense ~ 0.
But wait, if the first army loses, it is destroyed. "The losing army is destroyed entirely; the winner takes losses and keeps marching." (Wait, for attacking a village, the attacker doesn't keep marching, they just lose their troops and the defender stays in the village).
So if I send multiple armies, only the ones that win will survive, but they will suffer attrition.
Is it better to concentrate troops in one village and then send them together?
Yes! "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up... each send fights alone."
But if I send troops from the SAME village, they fight together.
However, I can only send troops from one village at a time. To combine troops from different villages, I have to march them to a single village first, then build/reinforce, then march them together to the target.
But marching takes time.
Let's look at the distances.
To attack Badajoz (4):
- Santarem (1) is 1 turn away.
- Faro (5) is 1 turn away.
- Sevilha (9) is 1 turn away (via [5] or directly? Road says [9] is connected to [4], so 1 turn).
- Lisboa (0) is 2 turns away? Road says Lisboa [0] is connected to [1] and [2]. To get to [4], Lisboa must go through Santarem [1] or Evora [2] -> Faro [5] -> [4]. So Lisboa to Badajoz is at least 2 turns.
Wait, the marching list says: "2 spearmen: [0] -> [4], arrives in 1 turn".
How is Lisboa to Badajoz 1 turn?
Ah! Look at the road network:
[0] Lisboa: [1], [2]
[1] Santarem: [0], [3], [4]
[2] Evora: [0], [5]
[5] Faro: [2], [4], [9]
[4] Badajoz: [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]
So from Lisboa [0], the roads are to [1] and [2].
To go to [4], the path is [0] -> [1] -> [4]. That is 2 edges. But the march list says "arrives in 1 turn" for 2 spearmen from [0] to [4].
Wait, maybe the speed is fast? "2 spearmen" are slow. Slow speed takes more turns. But the report says "arrives in 1 turn". Let's trust the report: "2 spearmen: [0] -> [4], arrives in 1 turn".
Wait, if it arrives in 1 turn, maybe the distance is considered 1 turn for some reason, or the road network allows it.
Let's look at the other march: "2 spearmen: [3] -> [7], arrives in 1 turn".
[3] Coimbra to [7] Salamanca. Road: [3] is connected to [1], [6], [7]. So [3] -> [7] is 1 edge. 1 turn for slow troops makes sense.
[0] Lisboa to [4] Badajoz: [0] -> [1] -> [4] is 2 edges. Why does it say "arrives in 1 turn"?
Maybe the troops are knights? No, it says "2 spearmen". Spearmen are slow.
Wait, let's look at the "march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns" format.
In the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" section:
- [4] Badajoz: march from [5] Faro: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [8] Toledo: march from [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [10] Vigo: march from [6] Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [12] Madrid: march from [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [15] Murcia: march from [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
So the direct marches from my border villages to the nearby enemy/neutral villages take 1 turn for all speeds.
For Lisboa [0] to [4] Badajoz, it says "arrives in 1 turn" in the marching list. Let's assume it is indeed 1 turn.

Let's think about the best strategy.
I need to expand. The enemy is strong, but they are split.
Badajoz (4) has 1 archer, 3 knights (defense 10).
Toledo (8) has 8 spearmen (defense 20).
Madrid (12) has 5 spearmen, 1 knight (defense 15).
If I can conquer Badajoz, I open a path to Toledo and Madrid from the west (via Santarem, Faro, Sevilha).
But Badajoz is heavily defended (1 archer, 3 knights).
Can I conquer Badajoz this turn?
If I send all possible troops to Badajoz from villages 1 turn away:
- Santarem (1): 2 archers (attack 4).
- Faro (5): 1 knight (attack 4).
- Sevilha (9): 3 spearmen, 2 archers (attack 7).
- Salamanca (7): 3 spearmen (attack 3).
Let's see what happens if I send them all to Badajoz.
Since they fight one at a time, the order matters.
Let's say they fight in some order.
Badajoz defense: 10 (1 archer, 3 knights).
If Sevilha (7 attack) fights first:
Attacker: 3 spearmen, 2 archers. Attack = 3*1 + 2*2 = 7.
Defender: 1 archer, 3 knights. Defense = 1*2 + 3*2 = 8. But wait, defense in a village is x1.25.
Effective defense is reported as 10.
So Defender effective force = 10. Attacker effective force = 7.
Defender wins. Attacker loses all troops. Defender takes attrition equal to attacker's force (7).
So defender's effective defense drops from 10 to 3.
Remaining garrison: maybe 1 knight (def 2 * 1.25 = 2.5) or 1 archer (def 2 * 1.25 = 2.5).
Next, Lisboa knight (attack 4) or Faro knight (attack 4) or Santarem archers (attack 4).
If Faro knight (attack 4) fights:
Attacker: 1 knight (attack 4).
Defender: remaining defense 3.
Attacker wins (4 > 3). Defender is wiped out or reduced to 0. Attacker takes attrition equal to defender's force (3).
So the knight survives with some losses, and conquers Badajoz!
Wait, if the knight conquers Badajoz, then the other armies (Santarem archers, Salamanca spearmen) will arrive at Badajoz and find it owned by me, so they will reinforce it!
This is a classic "wave" attack: send a weak army first to soften the defense, then a slightly stronger one to take it, then the rest as reinforcements.
But wait, the order of arrival is determined by speed and distance.
All these villages are 1 turn away, so they all arrive on the same turn.
If they arrive on the same turn, in what order do they fight?
"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
The rules don't specify the order of fights if they arrive on the same turn. It might be random, or based on the order I list them, or based on troop type, or village ID.
If it is random, it's risky. But usually, the game might process them in the order they are sent, or by village ID.
Let's look at the village IDs:
[1] Santarem, [5] Faro, [7] Salamanca, [9] Sevilha.
If it processes in ascending order: [1], [5], [7], [9].
Let's trace:
1. [1] Santarem: 2 archers (attack 4). vs Badajoz (defense 10). Defender wins, defense becomes 6.
2. [5] Faro: 1 knight (attack 4). vs Badajoz (defense 6). Defender wins, defense becomes 2.
3. [7] Salamanca: 3 spearmen (attack 3). vs Badajoz (defense 2). Attacker wins! Conquers Badajoz. Salamanca spearmen take losses equal to defense 2, so 2 spearmen lost, 1 remains. Badajoz is now mine!
4. [9] Sevilha: 3 spearmen, 2 archers (attack 7). Arrives at Badajoz (now mine) and reinforces it.
This would be a huge success! I would conquer Badajoz and have a large garrison there.
But what if the order is different? E.g., [9] first, then [7], then [5], then [1].
If [9] (attack 7) is first: defender wins, defense becomes 3.
If [7] (attack 3) is second: vs defense 3. Tie or defender wins (tie favors defender). If defender wins, defense becomes 0? No, if tie, defender wins but takes losses equal to attacker's force (3). So defense becomes 0, meaning the village is conquered by the attacker!
Wait, if defense becomes 0, the attacker conquers it. So [7] would conquer it.
Then [5] and [1] reinforce.
What if [1] (attack 4) is first, then [5] (attack 4) is second?
1. [1] archers (4) vs 10 -> defense 6.
2. [5] knight (4) vs 6 -> defender wins, defense 2.
3. [7] spearmen (3) vs 2 -> attacker wins, conquers.
It seems very likely that one of the attacks will break the defense, because the total attack power of the first two or three waves is 4+4=8 or 4+3=7, which is close to 10. Once the defense drops below the next attacker's power, that attacker wins and conquers.
The only risk is if the first two attacks are very weak, but the weakest attacks are Salamanca (3) and Santarem (4) or Faro (4).
If Salamanca (3) is first: defense becomes 7.
If Santarem (4) is second: vs 7 -> defender wins, defense becomes 3.
If Faro (4) is third: vs 3 -> attacker wins, conquers.
So it seems highly probable that I can conquer Badajoz this turn if I send all these troops!
But wait, what about the 2 spearmen already marching from Lisboa [0] to [4] Badajoz? They will arrive this turn too!
That adds another attack of 2.
So the sequence of attacks on Badajoz this turn will be:
- 2 spearmen from Lisboa (attack 2)
- 2 archers from Santarem (attack 4)
- 1 knight from Faro (attack 4)
- 3 spearmen from Salamanca (attack 3)
- 3 spearmen, 2 archers from Sevilha (attack 7)
Total 5 attacks!
With 5 attacks, even if the first few are weak, the cumulative damage will definitely reduce the defense to 0, and one of the later attacks will conquer it.
Let's calculate the worst-case order:
1. Lisboa spearmen (2) vs 10 -> defense 8.
2. Salamanca spearmen (3) vs 8 -> defender wins, defense 5.
3. Santarem archers (4) vs 5 -> defender wins, defense 1.
4. Faro knight (4) vs 1 -> attacker wins, conquers!
5. Sevilha troops reinforce.
So even in the worst case, the 4th attack conquers Badajoz!
This is a guaranteed conquest of Badajoz, provided the enemy doesn't send reinforcements to Badajoz this turn.
Does the enemy have any troops that can reach Badajoz this turn?
Let's look at the enemy villages near Badajoz:
- Madrid (12): connected to [7], [8], [14], [17]. To get to Badajoz [4], Madrid must go through Toledo [8] -> [4], or Salamanca [7] -> [4]. That's 2 turns.
- Toledo (8): connected to [4], [11], [12], [13]. Toledo to Badajoz is 1 turn!
So the enemy in Toledo (8 spearmen) could march to Badajoz this turn.
If Toledo marches to Badajoz, they will arrive and fight my troops.
But wait, Toledo is an enemy village. If they march to Badajoz, they leave Toledo with fewer troops, and they might fight my troops on the road or at Badajoz.
If they march to Badajoz, they arrive at the same time as my troops.
Since they are from the same village (Toledo), they fight together as one army (8 spearmen, attack 8).
If they arrive, they will be one of the attacking forces at Badajoz.
But wait, Badajoz is currently an enemy village. Can the enemy march from one of their villages to another of their villages?
Yes, "You may also send troops to a village YOU already owned: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements."
So King B can march from Toledo to Badajoz to reinforce it.
If they do, the garrison of Badajoz will be even stronger, or the Toledo army will fight my armies.
But wait, the enemy writes their orders at the same time as me, over the same snapshot of the map.
They don't know my orders, and I don't know theirs.
But strategically, does it make sense for them to march from Toledo to Badajoz?
Toledo has 8 spearmen, defense 20. If they march to Badajoz, they leave Toledo almost empty, and Badajoz becomes a huge battle. If they lose, they lose both Badajoz and Toledo's army.
But if they don't reinforce Badajoz, I will conquer Badajoz easily.
Let's assume they might, but we have to take the risk or try to intercept them.
Wait, can I attack Toledo instead of Badajoz?
Toledo has 8 spearmen, defense 20.
My troops near Toledo:
- Cordoba (11): 1 archer, 1 knight. Attack 6.
- Sevilha (9): 3 spearmen, 2 archers. Attack 7.
- Badajoz (4) is enemy, so I can't march through it unless I conquer it first.
So to attack Toledo, I can only send from Cordoba (11) and Sevilha (9) (via Cordoba? Sevilha is connected to Cordoba [11], and Cordoba to Toledo [8]).
Cordoba to Toledo is 1 turn. Sevilha to Toledo is 2 turns (Sevilha -> Cordoba -> Toledo).
If I send Cordoba's troops (1 archer, 1 knight, attack 6) to Toledo, they will fight 8 spearmen (defense 20) and lose.
So attacking Toledo now is not feasible.

What about Madrid (12)?
Madrid has 5 spearmen, 1 knight, defense 15.
My troops near Madrid:
- Salamanca (7): 3 spearmen. Attack 3.
- Cordoba (11): 1 archer, 1 knight. But Cordoba to Madrid is via Toledo [8] or Burgos [14] or Zaragoza [17]. Road says Cordoba [11] is connected to [8], [9], [15]. So Cordoba to Madrid is via Toledo [8], which is enemy. So I can't march Cordoba to Madrid directly without fighting Toledo first.
- Salamanca (7) to Madrid (12) is 1 turn.
If I send Salamanca's 3 spearmen (attack 3) to Madrid, they will fight defense 15 and lose.
Last turn I attacked Madrid and lost. So Madrid is too strong for a direct attack right now.

What about the neutral villages?
Vigo (10): 4 knights, defense 10.
My troops near Vigo:
- Porto (6): 2 spearmen. Attack 2.
- Salamanca (7): 3 spearmen. But Salamanca to Vigo is via Porto [6] or Burgos [14]. Road says Salamanca [7] is connected to [3], [4], [6], [12]. Porto [6] is connected to [3], [7], [10]. So Salamanca -> Porto -> Vigo. That's 2 turns.
So only Porto can reach Vigo in 1 turn.
Porto has 2 spearmen (attack 2). vs 4 knights (defense 10). They will lose.
So I cannot conquer Vigo this turn.

Murcia (15): 4 knights, defense 10.
My troops near Murcia:
- Cordoba (11): 1 archer, 1 knight. Attack 6.
- Sevilha (9): 3 spearmen, 2 archers. But Sevilha to Murcia is via Cordoba [11]. So 2 turns.
If I send Cordoba's troops (attack 6) to Murcia, they will fight 4 knights (defense 10) and lose (6 < 10).
So I cannot conquer Murcia this turn either.

So my only viable offensive action this turn is against Badajoz (4).
Let's look at the potential of conquering Badajoz.
If I send:
- Santarem (1): 2 archers (attack 4)
- Faro (5): 1 knight (attack 4)
- Salamanca (7): 3 spearmen (attack 3)
- Sevilha (9): 3 spearmen, 2 archers (attack 7)
And the already marching:
- Lisboa (0): 2 spearmen (attack 2)
- Coimbra (3): 2 spearmen to Salamanca (not to Badajoz).
Wait, Coimbra's 2 spearmen are marching to Salamanca [7]. They will arrive at Salamanca and reinforce it. I can then send them from Salamanca next turn.
Let's check if I should send Salamanca's current 3 speararmen to Badajoz, or keep them to defend Salamanca?
Salamanca is a border village with Madrid and Badajoz. If I send all its troops, it will be undefended. But Salamanca has defense 8 (with location bonus), which is quite strong, and I can build more troops there.
Wait, if I send Salamanca's 3 spearmen to Badajoz, they will fight. If they are the ones that conquer Badajoz, they will suffer losses but survive and be in Badajoz.
If I keep them in Salamanca, Salamanca has 3 spearmen. But Salamanca is currently safe from immediate attack because Madrid and Badajoz are enemy, but if I conquer Badajoz, the front line moves, and Salamanca might be attacked from Madrid. But Madrid is 1 turn away.
Actually, Salamanca is a very strong castle/village (defense 8). It can hold against some attacks.
But to conquer Badajoz, I need as many attackers as possible.
Let's see if I can build more troops this turn to send to Badajoz.
My villages and their resource production:
- Lisboa (0): Wood 30, Iron 30. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). If I build 1 knight, I can send it to Badajoz? But Lisboa to Badajoz is 1 turn (the 2 spearmen are already marching there, can I send the knight too? Yes, I can send the knight from Lisboa to Badajoz. It will arrive in 1 turn).
Wait, if I build 1 knight in Lisboa, I have 30 wood, 30 iron. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. So I can build exactly 1 knight.
Let's see if I should build it. Yes, sending it to Badajoz adds 4 attack power.
- Santarem (1): Wood 30, Iron 20. Can build 2 archers (20 wood, 10 iron each -> 40 wood, 20 iron. I only have 30 wood, so I can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood) -> total 35 wood, 10 iron. Or just 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 10 iron).
Let's build 1 archer in Santarem. Then I can send 3 archers (attack 6) to Badajoz.
- Evora (2): Wood 30, Iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 spearman (15 wood). Let's build 1 archer. But Evora to Badajoz is 2 turns (Evora -> Faro -> Badajoz). So if I build it now, it will take 2 turns to arrive. That's too slow for this turn's battle, but it will arrive next turn or the turn after.
- Coimbra (3): Wood 40, Iron 30. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Coimbra to Badajoz is 2 turns (Coimbra -> Santarem -> Badajoz, or Coimbra -> Salamanca -> Badajoz). So it will take 2 turns.
- Faro (5): Wood 30, Iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Faro to Badajoz is 1 turn. So I can build and send it this turn!
- Porto (6): Wood 30, Iron 40. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron -> I have 30 wood, so 1 archer and 1 spearman, or 1 knight). Porto to Badajoz is 2 turns (Porto -> Salamanca -> Badajoz, or Porto -> Vigo -> ...). So too slow for this turn.
- Salamanca (7): Wood 30, Iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 spearman (15 wood). Salamanca to Badajoz is 1 turn. So I can build and send it this turn!
- Sevilha (9): Wood 40, Iron 30. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Sevilha to Badajoz is 1 turn. So I can build and send it this turn!
- Cordoba (11): Wood 0, Iron 0. Cannot build anything.

Let's optimize the builds for this turn's attack on Badajoz (villages 1 turn away):
- Lisboa (0): Build 1 knight. Send to Badajoz (1 turn). (Attack +4)
- Santarem (1): Build 1 archer. Send 3 archers to Badajoz (1 turn). (Attack +6)
- Faro (5): Build 1 archer. Send 1 knight + 1 archer to Badajoz (1 turn). (Attack +6)
- Salamanca (7): Build 1 archer. Send 3 spearmen + 1 archer to Badajoz (1 turn). (Attack +5)
- Sevilha (9): Build 1 knight. Send 3 spearmen, 2 archers, 1 knight to Badajoz (1 turn). (Attack +11)
- Evora (2): Build 1 archer. Send to Faro (1 turn) to reinforce Faro for next turn. Or send to Badajoz? Evora to Badajoz is 2 turns, so it won't arrive in time for the main battle, but it's good for follow-up.
- Coimbra (3): Build 1 knight. Send to Santarem (1 turn) or Salamanca (1 turn) to reinforce them for next turn.
- Porto (6): Build 1 knight or archers. Send to Salamanca (2 turns) or Vigo (1 turn). Since Vigo is neutral, maybe send to Vigo to prepare for its conquest next turn? Porto to Vigo is 1 turn. If I send 2 spearmen + some new troops to Vigo, they will arrive next turn. But Vigo has 4 knights (defense 10). I need more troops to take Vigo. I can send them to Vigo to prepare, but they will fight Vigo's garrison when they arrive. It's better to send them to Porto first, or just build and keep them in Porto for now.

Let's calculate the total attack power arriving at Badajoz this turn:
- Already marching: 2 spearmen from Lisboa (attack 2)
- From Lisboa (new): 1 knight (attack 4)
- From Santarem (new): 3 archers (attack 6)
- From Faro (new): 1 knight, 1 archer (attack 6)
- From Salamanca (new): 3 spearmen, 1 archer (attack 5)
- From Sevilha (new): 3 spearmen, 2 archers, 1 knight (attack 11)
Total attacks: 2 + 4 + 6 + 6 + 5 + 11 = 34 attack power!
And Badajoz's defense is only 10!
Even if they fight one at a time, the cumulative damage will easily wipe out the garrison, and one of the armies will conquer it.
Wait, is there any downside to sending all these troops?
If I send all my troops to Badajoz, my villages will be almost empty.
Let's check the remaining garrisons:
- Lisboa: 0 troops left (sent 1 knight, 2 spearmen already gone).
- Santarem: 0 troops left (sent 3 archers).
- Evora: 1 knight (if I don't send it). I built 1 archer, but I can send it to Faro. So Evora has 1 knight.
- Coimbra: 1 knight (if I don't send it). I built 1 knight, but I can send it to Santarem. So Coimbra has 1 knight, or 2 if I keep the new one.
- Faro: 0 troops left (sent 1 knight, 1 archer).
- Porto: 2 spearmen (if I don't send them). I can build 1 knight, so 2 spearmen, 1 knight.
- Salamanca: 0 troops left (sent 3 spearmen, 1 archer). But Coimbra's 2 spearmen are arriving there this turn! So Salamanca will have 2 spearmen.
- Sevilha: 0 troops left (sent 3 spearmen, 2 archers, 1 knight).
- Cordoba: 1 archer, 1 knight (I didn't send them because they are too far from Badajoz, Cordoba to Badajoz is via Sevilha or Toledo, which takes 2 turns).

So my villages will be mostly empty, but I will have conquered Badajoz, which will have a huge garrison (all the surviving troops from the attacks will stack there!).
Let's estimate the surviving troops in Badajoz after the battle:
The total attack is 34, defense is 10.
The defender (Badajoz) will be completely wiped out because the attackers' total force is much larger, and one of them will conquer it.
The attackers will take losses equal to the defender's force (10) distributed among the attacking armies.
Since the total attacker force is 34, they will lose about 10 troops in total.
So Badajoz will have around 24 troops! That's a massive army!
With 24 troops in Badajoz, I can then march on Toledo (8) or Madrid (12) next turn!
This is a very aggressive and powerful move.

Let's double check if there are any other enemy actions I need to worry about.
The enemy has Toledo (8) with 8 spearmen. They might march to Badajoz to reinforce it.
If they do, Toledo's 8 spearmen (attack 8) will arrive at Badajoz and fight my troops.
If they arrive, they will add to the defense of Badajoz, or fight my troops as an independent attacker (since they are from Toledo, they fight as one army).
If they fight as an attacker at Badajoz (which is enemy territory), they will fight the current garrison first, then my arriving troops.
But since Badajoz is enemy, the Toledo army will just join the garrison or fight my troops as they arrive.
Actually, if Toledo marches to Badajoz, they will arrive and fight my troops. Since they are enemy, they will fight the first of my armies that arrives, or the garrison will fight and they will fight.
In any case, having 8 more spearmen at Badajoz increases the defense to 18 (10 + 8).
But my total attack is 34, so I will still conquer it, just with more losses.
What if the enemy marches from Madrid (12) to Badajoz? Madrid is 2 turns away, so they can't reach Badajoz this turn.
What if the enemy marches from Toledo to Madrid to defend Madrid? That's fine for me, as it weakens Toledo.

Let's look at the northern front.
I have unexplored villages: Burgos (14), Zaragoza (17), Valencia (16), Castellon (18), Pamplona (19), Huesca (20), Tarragona (21), Barcelona (22), Girona (23).
I can't see them, but I can send troops to explore or attack them if I can reach them.
To reach them, I need to go through Vigo (10) or Murcia (15).
Vigo (10) is connected to Porto (6) and Burgos (14).
Murcia (15) is connected to Cordoba (11) and Valencia (16).
If I can conquer Vigo and Murcia, I can access the northern villages.
But Vigo has 4 knights (defense 10), and Murcia has 4 knights (defense 10).
To conquer Vigo, I need to send a strong army from Porto (6).
Porto currently has 2 spearmen. I can build more troops in Porto and send them to Vigo.
But Porto to Vigo is 1 turn. If I send them now, they will arrive next turn.
To conquer Vigo, I need an attack power greater than 10 (or at least enough to break the defense).
4 knights have defense 10 (each knight has defense 2, in a village x1.25 -> 2.5 each, total 10).
To conquer Vigo, I need to send troops with attack > 10, or multiple waves that cumulative damage exceeds 10.
If I send from Porto: 2 spearmen (attack 2) + some archers/knights.
If I build 1 knight in Porto (30 wood, 30 iron. Porto has wood 30, iron 40. So I can build 1 knight).
Then Porto has 2 spearmen, 1 knight. Attack = 2*1 + 4 = 6.
If I send them to Vigo, they will fight defense 10 and lose (6 < 10).
So I need more troops in Porto.
Can I send troops from other villages to Porto to reinforce it, and then march to Vigo?
Salamanca (7) is connected to Porto (6). Salamanca to Porto is 1 turn.
Coimbra (3) is connected to Porto (6). Coimbra to Porto is 1 turn.
So I can send troops from Salamanca and Coimbra to Porto this turn, and they will arrive next turn. Then next turn, I can march from Porto to Vigo (arriving the turn after).
But that takes time.
Alternatively, I can send troops from Porto to Vigo, and also from other villages directly to Vigo?
No, only Porto is connected to Vigo. So all troops going to Vigo must go through Porto.
So I must first gather troops in Porto, then march to Vigo.
Let's see the travel times:
- Coimbra (3) -> Porto (6): 1 turn.
- Salamanca (7) -> Porto (6): 1 turn.
- Porto (6) -> Vigo (10): 1 turn.
So if I send troops from Coimbra and Salamanca to Porto now, they arrive at Porto next turn. Then next turn, I can send them from Porto to Vigo, arriving at Vigo on turn 11.
Meanwhile, I can build troops in Porto.
Let's plan the build-up for Vigo:
This turn (Turn 9):
- Coimbra (3): build 1 knight, send to Porto (arrives Turn 10).
- Salamanca (7): build 1 archer, send to Porto (arrives Turn 10). (Wait, I also need Salamanca's troops for Badajoz. If I send Salamanca's troops to Badajoz, they won't be available for Porto. But Salamanca is 1 turn from Badajoz and 1 turn from Porto. I have to choose where to send them. Since Badajoz is the immediate target, I should send them to Badajoz. I can send Coimbra's troops to Porto).
- Porto (6): build 1 knight. Keep 2 spearmen, 1 knight. Send them to Vigo? Or keep them in Porto to combine with the arriving troops from Coimbra?
If I keep them in Porto, next turn Porto will have 2 spearmen, 1 knight (new) + 1 knight (from Coimbra) = 2 spearmen, 2 knights. Attack = 2 + 8 = 10.
Then I can send them to Vigo on turn 10, arriving turn 11.
With attack 10 vs defense 10, it's a tie, which favors the defender. So I might not conquer Vigo on the first attempt. I would need more troops, e.g. from Salamanca or Evora.
Evora (2) -> Porto (6) is 2 turns (Evora -> Coimbra -> Porto, or Evora -> Faro -> ...). So too slow.
So the main sources for Porto are Coimbra, Salamanca, and Porto itself.
Let's see if I can conquer Vigo in two waves:
Wave 1 (Turn 10 arrival): Porto's 2 spearmen, 1 knight (attack 6). vs Vigo (defense 10). Defender wins, defense becomes 4.
Wave 2 (Turn 11 arrival): Coimbra's knight + Porto's new knight (attack 8). vs Vigo (defense 4). Attacker wins, conquers Vigo!
This is a very good plan!
Let's check the timing:
Turn 9:
- Porto builds 1 knight. Sends 2 spearmen, 1 knight to Vigo? No, if I send them now, they arrive Turn 10.
If I send them now (Turn 9), they arrive Turn 10 and fight Vigo's full garrison (defense 10). They lose, Vigo defense becomes 4.
Then on Turn 10, I send Coimbra's knight (arriving Porto on Turn 10) and Porto's newly built knight (if I build another one on Turn 10) to Vigo. They arrive Turn 11 and fight Vigo's remaining defense 4, conquering it.
This works!
Let's write down the movements for Turn 9:
Offensive on Badajoz:
- Lisboa (0): build 1 knight. Send 1 knight to Badajoz [4].
- Santarem (1): build 1 archer. Send 3 archers to Badajoz [4].
- Faro (5): build 1 archer. Send 1 knight, 1 archer to Badajoz [4].
- Salamanca (7): build 1 archer. Send 3 spearmen, 1 archer to Badajoz [4].
- Sevilha (9): build 1 knight. Send 3 spearmen, 2 archers, 1 knight to Badajoz [4].
- Already marching: 2 spearmen from Lisboa to Badajoz [4] (will arrive this turn).
- Already marching: 2 spearmen from Coimbra to Salamanca [7] (will arrive this turn, reinforcing Salamanca).

Wait, if Coimbra's 2 spearmen arrive at Salamanca, and I send Salamanca's 3 spearmen + 1 archer to Badajoz, then Salamanca will have only the 2 arriving spearmen. That's fine.
What about Coimbra? Coimbra has 1 knight at home. I can build 1 knight, so 2 knights.
I should send 1 knight from Coimbra to Porto [6] to start the Vigo invasion.
Let's check Coimbra's resources: Wood 40, Iron 30. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. So I can build 1 knight.
Send 1 knight from Coimbra to Porto [6]. Arrives in 1 turn (Turn 10).

What about Evora (2)?
Evora has 1 knight. Wood 30, Iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
Where to send Evora's troops?
Evora is connected to Lisboa [0] and Faro [5].
If I send Evora's 1 knight and 1 archer to Faro [5], they will arrive next turn. Faro is 1 turn from Badajoz. So they can be used to attack Madrid or Toledo from the south next turn, or reinforce Badajoz.
Let's send Evora's 1 knight and 1 archer to Faro [5]. Arrives Turn 10.

What about Porto (6)?
Porto has 2 spearmen. Wood 30, Iron 40. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
Send Porto's 2 spearmen and 1 knight to Vigo [10]. Arrives Turn 10.
This starts the Vigo attack.

What about Cordoba (11)?
Cordoba has 1 archer, 1 knight. Wood 0, Iron 0. Cannot build.
Where to send Cordoba's troops?
Cordoba is connected to Sevilha [9], Toledo [8], Murcia [15].
Since Sevilha is sending troops to Badajoz, and Cordoba is safe for now, I can keep Cordoba's troops there to defend it, or send them to Murcia [15] to start the Murcia invasion!
Murcia (15) has 4 knights, defense 10.
Cordoba to Murcia is 1 turn.
If I send Cordoba's 1 archer, 1 knight to Murcia [15], they will arrive Turn 10 and attack Murcia.
Attack power: 1 archer (2) + 1 knight (4) = 6. vs Murcia defense 10. Defender wins, defense becomes 4.
Then next turn, I can send more troops from Sevilha (via Cordoba) to Murcia to conquer it.
This is a great parallel front!
Let's send Cordoba's 1 archer, 1 knight to Murcia [15]. Arrives Turn 10.

Let's review all the movements and builds for Turn 9:

Builds:
- Lisboa (0): build 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Lisboa has wood 30, iron 30. OK.
- Santarem (1): build 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron). Santarem has wood 30, iron 20. OK.
- Evora (2): build 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron). Evora has wood 30, iron 20. OK.
- Coimbra (3): build 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Coimbra has wood 40, iron 30. OK.
- Faro (5): build 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron). Faro has wood 30, iron 20. OK.
- Porto (6): build 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Porto has wood 30, iron 40. OK.
- Salamanca (7): build 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron). Salamanca has wood 30, iron 20. OK.
- Sevilha (9): build 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Sevilha has wood 40, iron 30. OK.
- Cordoba (11): wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.

Movements:
- From Lisboa (0): send 1 knight to Badajoz [4]. (The 2 spearmen are already marching there).
- From Santarem (1): send 3 archers to Badajoz [4].
- From Evora (2): send 1 knight, 1 archer to Faro [5].
- From Coimbra (3): send 1 knight to Porto [6]. (The 2 spearmen are already marching to Salamanca [7]).
- From Faro (5): send 1 knight, 1 archer to Badajoz [4].
- From Porto (6): send 2 spearmen, 1 knight to Vigo [10].
- From Salamanca (7): send 3 spearmen, 1 archer to Badajoz [4].
- From Sevilha (9): send 3 spearmen, 2 archers, 1 knight to Badajoz [4].
- From Cordoba (11): send 1 archer, 1 knight to Murcia [15].

Let's double check if I have enough troops to send:
- Lisboa: has 1 knight. Send 1 knight. OK.
- Santarem: has 2 archers. Build 1 archer -> 3 archers. Send 3 archers. OK.
- Evora: has 1 knight. Build 1 archer -> 1 knight, 1 archer. Send 1 knight, 1 archer to Faro. OK.
- Coimbra: has 1 knight. Build 1 knight -> 2 knights. Send 1 knight to Porto. (Keep 1 knight in Coimbra). OK.
- Faro: has 1 knight. Build 1 archer -> 1 knight, 1 archer. Send 1 knight, 1 archer to Badajoz. OK.
- Porto: has 2 spearmen. Build 1 knight -> 2 spearmen, 1 knight. Send 2 spearmen, 1 knight to Vigo. OK.
- Salamanca: has 3 spearmen. Build 1 archer -> 3 spearmen, 1 archer. Send 3 spearmen, 1 archer to Badajoz. OK.
- Sevilha: has 3 spearmen, 2 archers. Build 1 knight -> 3 spearmen, 2 archers, 1 knight. Send all to Badajoz. OK.
- Cordoba: has 1 archer, 1 knight. Send 1 archer, 1 knight to Murcia. OK.

Let's check the total troops sent to Badajoz:
- Lisboa: 2 spearmen (already marching) + 1 knight (new) = 3 troops.
- Santarem: 3 archers = 3 troops.
- Faro: 1 knight, 1 archer = 2 troops.
- Salamanca: 3 spearmen, 1 archer = 4 troops.
- Sevilha: 3 spearmen, 2 archers, 1 knight = 6 troops.
Total troops arriving at Badajoz: 3 + 3 + 2 + 4 + 6 = 18 troops!
This is a massive army. Badajoz will definitely fall.

Let's check the plan note for next turn:
"plan": "Conquer Badajoz with the massive wave of troops from Lisboa, Santarem, Faro, Salamanca, Sevilha. Next turn, march from Badajoz to Toledo and Madrid. Also, attack Vigo with Porto's troops and Murcia with Cordoba's troops to open the northern front. Remember to build troops in all villages."

Let's check the statement for the audience:
"statement": "I have launched a massive multi-village assault on Badajoz, sending 18 troops from five of my villages to overwhelm the enemy garrison. Simultaneously, I have opened two new fronts: sending Porto's army to attack the neutral Vigo, and Cordoba's troops to attack Murcia, aiming to bypass the heavily fortified Madrid and Toledo and reach the enemy's northern territories."

Let's review the rules and constraints:
- "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now."
- "Each village you hold produces resources every turn, and resources are what build your army."
- "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."
Let's verify the resource costs and current stock:
- Lisboa: wood 30, iron 30. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Stock becomes 0 wood, 0 iron. OK.
- Santarem: wood 30, iron 20. Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. Stock becomes 10 wood, 10 iron. OK.
- Evora: wood 30, iron 20. Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. Stock becomes 10 wood, 10 iron. OK.
- Coimbra: wood 40, iron 30. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Stock becomes 10 wood, 0 iron. OK.
- Faro: wood 30, iron 20. Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. Stock becomes 10 wood, 10 iron. OK.
- Porto: wood 30, iron 40. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Stock becomes 0 wood, 10 iron. OK.
- Salamanca: wood 30, iron 20. Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. Stock becomes 10 wood, 10 iron. OK.
- Sevilha: wood 40, iron 30. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Stock becomes 10 wood, 0 iron. OK.
- Cordoba: wood 0, iron 0. No build. OK.

All builds are affordable!

Let's check the movement paths and if they are valid:
- Lisboa (0) to Badajoz (4): Path [0] -> [1] -> [4]. Valid.
- Santarem (1) to Badajoz (4): Path [1] -> [4]. Valid.
- Evora (2) to Faro (5): Path [2] -> [5]. Valid.
- Coimbra (3) to Porto (6): Path [3] -> [6]. Valid.
- Faro (5) to Badajoz (4): Path [5] -> [4]. Valid.
- Porto (6) to Vigo (10): Path [6] -> [10]. Valid.
- Salamanca (7) to Badajoz (4): Path [7] -> [4]. Valid.
- Sevilha (9) to Badajoz (4): Path [9] -> [4]. Valid.
- Cordoba (11) to Murcia (15): Path [11] -> [15]. Valid.

All paths are valid according to the road network.

Let's check if there are any other villages I can see or use:
The prompt says: "Use only ids that appear in the report above."
The ids I used: 0, 1, 2, 3, 5, 6, 7, 9, 11 (my villages); 4, 10, 15 (targets).
All these ids appear in the report.

Let's double check the JSON format:
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 3, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 5, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 6, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 7, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 9, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 0, "toId": 4, "troops": {"knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 1, "toId": 4, "troops": {"archer": 3}},
    {"fromId": 2, "toId": 5, "troops": {"knight": 1, "archer": 1}},
    {"fromId": 3, "toId": 6, "troops": {"knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 5, "toId": 4, "troops": {"knight": 1, "archer": 1}},
    {"fromId": 6, "toId": 10, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 7, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 1}},
    {"fromId": 9, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 2, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 11, "toId": 15, "troops": {"archer": 1, "knight": 1}}
  ],
  "plan": "Conquer Badajoz with the massive wave of troops from Lisboa, Santarem, Faro, Salamanca, Sevilha. Next turn, march from Badajoz to Toledo and Madrid. Also, attack Vigo with Porto's troops and Murcia with Cordoba's troops to open the northern front. Remember to build troops in all villages.",
  "statement": "I have launched a massive multi-village assault on Badajoz, sending 18 troops from five of my villages to overwhelm the enemy garrison. Simultaneously, I have opened two new fronts: sending Porto's army to attack the neutral Vigo, and Cordoba's troops to attack Murcia, aiming to bypass the heavily fortified Madrid and Toledo and reach the enemy's northern territories."
}

Let's review the plan text length:
"Conquer Badajoz with the massive wave of troops from Lisboa, Santarem, Faro, Salamanca, Sevilha. Next turn, march from Badajoz to Toledo and Madrid. Also, attack Vigo with Porto's troops and Murcia with Cordoba's troops to open the northern front. Remember to build troops in all villages."
Length is around 350 characters, well under the 600 character limit.

Let's review the statement text length:
"I have launched a massive multi-village assault on Badajoz, sending 18 troops from five of my villages to overwhelm the enemy garrison. Simultaneously, I have opened two new fronts: sending Porto's army to attack the neutral Vigo, and Cordoba's troops to attack Murcia, aiming to bypass the heavily fortified Madrid and Toledo and reach the enemy's northern territories."
Length is around 350 characters, well under the limit.

Let's do a quick sanity check on the troop counts in movements:
- Lisboa (0) to Badajoz (4): 1 knight. (The 2 spearmen are already marching, so they are not listed in movements because they were ordered last turn. The prompt says "already marching out (NOT available): 2 spearmen" for Lisboa. So I only list the new order: 1 knight).
- Santarem (1) to Badajoz (4): 3 archers. (Prompt says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight". I build 1 archer, so I have 3 archers. Send 3 archers).
- Evora (2) to Faro (5): 1 knight, 1 archer. (Prompt says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight". I build 1 archer, so I have 1 knight, 1 archer. Send both).
- Coimbra (3) to Porto (6): 1 knight. (Prompt says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight". I build 1 knight, so I have 2 knights. Send 1 knight).
- Faro (5) to Badajoz (4): 1 knight, 1 archer. (Prompt says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight". I build 1 archer, so I have 1 knight, 1 archer. Send both).
- Porto (6) to Vigo (10): 2 spearmen, 1 knight. (Prompt says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight". I build 1 knight, so I have 2 spearmen, 1 knight. Send all).
- Salamanca (7) to Badajoz (4): 3 spearmen, 1 archer. (Prompt says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 3 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight". I build 1 archer, so I have 3 spearmen, 1 archer. Send all).
- Sevilha (9) to Badajoz (4): 3 spearmen, 2 archers, 1 knight. (Prompt says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 3 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight". I build 1 knight, so I have 3 spearmen, 2 archers, 1 knight. Send all).
- Cordoba (11) to Murcia (15): 1 archer, 1 knight. (Prompt says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight". Send both).

Everything matches perfectly. The logic is solid, the strategy is aggressive and aims to capture a key enemy village (Badajoz) while opening two new fronts (Vigo and Murcia) to expand towards the enemy capital and reach the 75% threshold.

I will now output the JSON.

ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"cavaleiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":0,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":1,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"arqueiro":3}},{"origemId":2,"destinoId":5,"tropas":{"cavaleiro":1,"arqueiro":1}},{"origemId":3,"destinoId":6,"tropas":{"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":5,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"cavaleiro":1,"arqueiro":1}},{"origemId":6,"destinoId":10,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":7,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"lanceiro":3,"arqueiro":1}},{"origemId":9,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"lanceiro":3,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":11,"destinoId":15,"tropas":{"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":1}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [3]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [6]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [7]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [9]
ACEITO envio [0]->[4]: 1K
ACEITO envio [1]->[4]: 2A
ACEITO envio [2]->[5]: 1K
ACEITO envio [3]->[6]: 1K
ACEITO envio [5]->[4]: 1K
ACEITO envio [6]->[10]: 2S (alvo neutra cavaleiro)
ACEITO envio [7]->[4]: 3S
ACEITO envio [9]->[4]: 3S+2A
ACEITO envio [11]->[15]: 1A+1K (alvo neutra cavaleiro)
AJUSTADO envio [1]->[4]: pediu 3A, enviado 2A (estoque real)
AJUSTADO envio [2]->[5]: pediu 1A+1K, enviado 1K (estoque real)
AJUSTADO envio [5]->[4]: pediu 1A+1K, enviado 1K (estoque real)
AJUSTADO envio [6]->[10]: pediu 2S+1K, enviado 2S (estoque real)
AJUSTADO envio [7]->[4]: pediu 3S+1A, enviado 3S (estoque real)
AJUSTADO envio [9]->[4]: pediu 3S+2A+1K, enviado 3S+2A (estoque real)
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Conquer Badajoz with the massive wave of troops from Lisboa, Santarem, Faro, Salamanca, Sevilha. Next turn, march from Badajoz to Toledo and Madrid. Also, attack Vigo with Porto's troops and Murcia with Cordoba's troops to open the northern front. Remember to build troops in all villages.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): I have launched a massive multi-village assault on Badajoz, sending 18 troops from five of my villages to overwhelm the enemy garrison. Simultaneously, I have opened two new fronts: sending Porto's army to attack the neutral Vigo, and Cordoba's troops to attack Murcia, aiming to bypass the heavily fortified Madrid and Toledo and reach the enemy's northern territories.
########## TURNO 9 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4543 | resposta 44328 | raciocinio 39087 | finish stop | ms 504689
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 12, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 8, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 17, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 20, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 21, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 23, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 22, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 13, \"toId\": 8, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 6, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 19, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 20, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 21, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 23, \"toId\": 22, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 18, \"toId\": 16, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"This turn we focus on building up our armies and reinforcing our border villages for a major offensive next turn. We build spearman and archers in all villages, sending knights and spearman to Madrid and Toledo to create powerful strike forces. We reinforce Badajoz with 2 spearman to defend against the expected enemy attack. Next turn, we will attack Salamanca from Madrid and Cordoba from Toledo with overwhelming force, aiming to capture both and bring our village count to 14. Then we will push on to Faro, Santarem, and the neutral villages to reach 18.\",\n  \"statement\": \"This turn we prepare our armies, sending reinforcements to Madrid and Toledo while fortifying Badajoz against the coming storm. Our builders work overtime, and our troops march to their staging points. We are poised to strike hard next turn.\"\n}"
raciocinio: We are King B. We hold 12 villages. We need 18 for 2 consecutive turns to win, or eliminate all enemy villages. Enemy has villages: we see [7] Salamanca, [11] Cordoba, [9] Sevilha, [5] Faro, [1] Santarem, and unexplored [0] Lisboa (capital), [2] Evora, [3] Coimbra, [6] Porto, [10] Vigo. So enemy has at least 6 known villages, plus capital and others. Total 24 villages, we have 12, enemy has 12? But some are neutral: [15] Murcia, [14] Burgos. So enemy has 10? Let's count: we have 12, neutral 2, enemy 10? Actually total 24: we have 12, neutral 2, enemy 10. But we need 18 to win. So we need to capture 6 more villages. Or eliminate all enemy villages. The enemy capital is hard but not required.

Current state: We have 12 villages. We have troops at home: 53 soldiers (40 spearman, 1 archer, 12 knight) + 5 marching (5 spearmen from Pamplona to Zaragoza? Actually "5 spearmen: [19] -> [17], arrives in 1 turn" so they are marching). So total troops: 40+1+12=53 at home, plus 5 marching = 58. But we also have some troops already sent? The report says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" for each village. So we can order new builds and movements.

We need to decide orders for this turn. We have resources: each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. We can build troops at each village, limited by resources and cap of 300 troops at home. Currently no village is near cap. We can build spearman (15 wood, 0 iron), archer (20 wood, 10 iron), knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Each village has its own stock. We need to check each village's wood and iron to see what they can build. The report gives wood and iron for each village. For example, Barcelona: wood 30, iron 60. So it can build up to 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) but wood limits to 1 knight? Actually 30 wood, so can build 1 knight (costs 30 wood) but iron 60 so enough. But it says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight". That suggests it already has some troops built? Actually "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" means troops that are already built and can be sent this turn. It also lists "attack power if all sent". So those are existing troops. We can also order new builds. The build order is for new troops to be built this turn. They will be ready next turn? The rules: "ready in 1 turn". So if we order a build, it will be available next turn. We can also send existing troops now.

We need to decide both builds and movements. The enemy is also moving. We see enemy armies: one marching toward [7] Salamanca, one toward [4] Badajoz, both arrive in 1 turn. So they will attack those villages next turn. We also have our army marching: 5 spearmen from Pamplona to Zaragoza, arriving in 1 turn. So they will reinforce Zaragoza next turn.

Our campaign plan from last turn: "Our campaign focuses on eliminating the enemy's strongest forces and expanding our territory. This turn, we strike at Badajoz with our knights and archers from Toledo, aiming to destroy the enemy's main army and capture the village. We simultaneously reinforce Madrid with spearman and knights from Zaragoza, Huesca, Pamplona, and Valencia to secure our capital's approaches. In the coming turns, we will build on our momentum, attacking Salamanca from Madrid and the neutral villages of Burgos and Cordoba to reach the 18-victory threshold. Our interior villages continue producing troops to feed the front." But the map has changed: we already conquered Badajoz last turn? The "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" says: "You attacked [4] Badajoz: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 4 troops)". So Badajoz is now ours. So the plan to strike at Badajoz is done. Now we need a new plan. The plan should be for next several turns.

Current situation: We hold 12 villages including Badajoz. Enemy villages we can see: Salamanca (7), Cordoba (11), Sevilha (9), Faro (5), Santarem (1). We also have neutral Burgos (14) and Murcia (15). We need to capture more villages. We have troops available to send from various villages. We need to consider enemy defenses and our attack power.

Let's list our villages with available troops and resources for building:

Villages:
1. Barcelona (22): wood 30, iron 60. Troops at home: 4/300 (4 spearman? Actually "troops at home: 4 / 300" but available to send: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight. So total 4 troops at home? But it says 4/300, so 4 troops. Available: 2 spearman, 2 knight. That's 4. So it has 2 spearman and 2 knight? But attack power if all sent: 10. Spearman attack 1 each, knight attack 4 each: 2*1 + 2*4 = 10. So yes. It can build more. Resources: wood 30, iron 60. Can build: spearman costs 15 wood, so can build 2 spearman (30 wood). Or archer: 20 wood, 10 iron, can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 50 iron. Or knight: 30 wood, 30 iron, can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Or combination. But we need to decide what to build. Also we can send the existing troops.

2. Tarragona (21): wood 30, iron 50. Troops at home: 6/300. Available: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight. Attack power: 12. Resources: can build spearman (2), or archer (1), or knight (1 but wood 30, iron 50 so can build 1 knight using 30 wood, 30 iron). 

3. Girona (23): wood 30, iron 70. Troops: 5/300. Available: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. Attack power: 8. Resources: can build 2 spearman, or 1 archer, or 1 knight.

4. Castellon (18): wood 30, iron 30. Troops: 3/300. Available: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. Attack power: 6. Resources: can build 2 spearman (30 wood), or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron), or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) but iron exactly 30 so yes.

5. Zaragoza (17): wood 30, iron 60. Troops: 2/300. Available: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. Attack power: 2. Resources: can build 2 spearman, or 1 archer, or 1 knight.

6. Huesca (20): wood 30, iron 40. Troops: 6/300. Available: 5 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. Attack power: 9. Resources: can build 2 spearman, or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron), or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).

7. Valencia (16): wood 30, iron 50. Troops: 1/300. Available: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. Attack power: 4. Resources: can build 2 spearman, or 1 archer, or 1 knight.

8. Teruel (13): wood 30, iron 60. Troops: 6/300. Available: 6 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. Attack power: 6. Resources: can build 2 spearman, or 1 archer, or 1 knight.

9. Madrid (12): wood 30, iron 40. Troops: 6/300. Available: 5 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. Attack power: 9. Resources: can build 2 spearman, or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron), or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).

10. Pamplona (19): wood 30, iron 40. Troops: 2/300. Available: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. Attack power: 2. But already marching out: 5 spearmen. So those 5 are not available. Resources: can build 2 spearman, or 1 archer, or 1 knight.

11. Toledo (8): wood 30, iron 60. Troops: 8/300. Available: 8 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. Attack power: 8. Resources: can build 2 spearman, or 1 archer, or 1 knight.

12. Badajoz (4): wood 30, iron 20. Troops: 4/300. Available: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight. Attack power: 14 (1 archer attack 2, 3 knight attack 12, total 14). Resources: wood 30, iron 20. Can build: spearman costs 15 wood, so 2 spearman (30 wood) but iron 20, so 0 iron needed. Or archer: 20 wood, 10 iron, can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 10 iron. Or knight: 30 wood, 30 iron, but iron only 20, so cannot build knight. So can build 2 spearman or 1 archer.

We also have neutral villages we can attack: Burgos (14) with 4 spearmen, defense 10; Murcia (15) with 4 knights, defense 10. We can also attack enemy villages: Salamanca (7) with 3 spearmen, defense 8; Cordoba (11) with 1 archer, 1 knight, defense 5; Sevilha (9) with 3 spearmen, 2 archers, defense 13; Faro (5) with 1 knight, defense 3; Santarem (1) with 2 archers, defense 5. Also unexplored: Lisboa (0) capital, Evora (2), Coimbra (3), Porto (6), Vigo (10). We don't know their garrisons.

We need to decide where to attack. We have 12 villages, need 18. We can try to capture neutral villages or enemy villages. Neutral villages will harden over time, so maybe we should attack them soon. Burgos is close to Madrid (1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn). Murcia is close to Valencia (1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn). Enemy villages: Salamanca is close to Madrid (1 turn). Cordoba is close to Toledo (1 turn). Sevilha is close to Badajoz (2 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns). Faro is close to Badajoz (1 turn). Santarem is close to Badajoz (1 turn).

We also need to defend our villages. Enemy armies are marching toward Salamanca and Badajoz. The one toward Badajoz: we don't know its composition, but it arrives in 1 turn. Since Badajoz is ours, they will attack it. We should reinforce Badajoz or send troops to defend. The enemy army marching toward Salamanca: Salamanca is enemy, so maybe they are reinforcing or attacking? It says "enemy army marching toward [7] Salamanca, arrives in 1 turn". Since Salamanca is enemy, that army could be ours? No, it says "ENEMY (only what your watchmen can see): - enemy army marching toward [7] Salamanca... - enemy army marching toward [4] Badajoz...". So both are enemy armies. One is going to Salamanca (enemy territory) so maybe it's a reinforcement or an army returning. The other is going to Badajoz (our territory) to attack. So we should expect an attack on Badajoz next turn. We need to have enough defense there. Badajoz currently has effective defense 10 (location bonus included). Its garrison: 4 troops at home (0 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight). But we can send reinforcements from nearby villages. Also we can build more troops at Badajoz.

Let's think about the enemy's possible moves. They might also attack other villages. We have a fog of war, so we don't know all enemy armies.

Our goal: capture villages to reach 18. We have 12, need 6 more. We can try to capture Burgos and Murcia (neutrals) and some enemy villages. But we need to be careful not to lose villages.

Let's evaluate attack options:

Option 1: Attack Burgos (14) from Madrid (12). Madrid has 5 spearman, 1 knight available. Attack power: 5*1 + 1*4 = 9. Burgos defense: 10 (effective defense includes location bonus). But note: effective defense is already including bonus. So we need to compare our attack power vs their defense. In an attack, our troops count their ATTACK, defender counts DEFENSE. But there is counter triangle: if we have more of a type that counters, we get 1.5x. Also, when attacking a village, the defender gets defense x1.25 in village, but the report says "effective defense (location bonus included)" so that already includes the 1.25? Let's check: "effective defense (location bonus included): 12" for Barcelona. Barcelona is a capital? It says "YOUR CAPITAL". For capital, defense bonus is x1.5. But the effective defense is 12. What is the base defense? We don't know the base defense of the village. But the rule says: "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again." So we just compare our attack power (sum of attacks) to the effective defense. But wait: the combat rules say: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs." And "Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital)." So the effective defense in the report is the number we should use as the defender's defense value. So if we attack Burgos, its effective defense is 10. Our attack power from Madrid if we send all available: 5 spearman (attack 1 each) + 1 knight (attack 4) = 9. We need to beat 10. But we can also send troops from other villages. However, troops from different villages fight separately? The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if we send from multiple villages, they will arrive and fight sequentially? Actually they arrive on the same turn but fight one at a time. So the first send fights the garrison, if it wins, then the next send fights the remaining garrison? Or do they all fight the original garrison? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." And "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if we send multiple armies to the same enemy village, they will each fight the garrison separately. The first one to arrive fights the garrison. If it wins, it captures the village, and then the subsequent armies arrive and... they would stop at that village? But if it's now ours, they can pass? Actually if we capture it, then it becomes ours, so subsequent armies would stop there? But they were ordered to attack that village, but now it's ours, so they might just reinforce? The rule: "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So if we send multiple armies to the same enemy village, the first one to arrive fights and if it wins, captures it. The others, if they arrive later the same turn? But they all arrive on the same turn? The rule says "even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So they are processed sequentially. So the first send fights the original garrison. If it wins, the village is captured and the garrison is replaced by the winner's troops (minus losses). Then the second send arrives and fights the new garrison? That would be friendly fire? But the rule says "Your own armies never fight each other: they pass freely." So if the village is already yours, the second army would just join as reinforcements? But the order was to attack that village. If it's already yours, does it still fight? The rule: "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So if we send to an enemy village and we capture it, then later sends that were also ordered to attack that village might just reinforce? But the order is to attack, so they would fight if it's enemy, but if it's already captured, they might just join. However, the sequential processing means the first send might capture it, and then the second send arrives and finds it friendly, so it joins. But the second send's troops would not fight the original garrison. So we can effectively combine forces by sending multiple waves, but the first wave must be strong enough to capture. So it's better to send a single strong army from one village, or if we send from multiple, the first one should be the strongest.

But we also have to consider travel times. Villages have different distances. For example, from Madrid to Burgos is 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn. From other villages it might be longer. So if we send from Madrid and from another village, they might not arrive at the same time. The rule says "even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn" so if they arrive on different turns, they fight separately anyway.

So we should focus on sending a single army from one village per attack, unless we can coordinate simultaneous arrival.

Now, let's think about our strategy. We need 18 villages. We have 12. We can try to capture Burgos (14) and Murcia (15) which are neutral and close. Then we would have 14. Then we need 4 more from enemy. We could attack Salamanca (7), Cordoba (11), Faro (5), Santarem (1). Also we could attack the unexplored ones, but we don't know their strength.

But we also need to defend against enemy attacks. The enemy is attacking Badajoz next turn. We should reinforce Badajoz. Badajoz currently has 4 troops (0 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight) with effective defense 10. The enemy army marching toward Badajoz: we don't know its size. It could be strong. We should send reinforcements from nearby villages. From Toledo (8) to Badajoz (4): distance? Road network: Toledo [8] connects to [4] Badajoz? Yes: [8] Toledo: [4], [11], [12], [13]. So directly connected. March distance: from Toledo to Badajoz: we need to see the report: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" for Badajoz? Actually Badajoz says: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So from Badajoz to Toledo is 2 slow/2 medium/1 fast. So from Toledo to Badajoz is the same. So we can send troops from Toledo to Badajoz. Toledo has 8 spearman available. We could send some to reinforce Badajoz. Also from Madrid? Madrid to Badajoz: Madrid [12] connects to [8] Toledo, then to [4]? Actually Madrid connects to [7], [8], [14], [17]. So to get to Badajoz, Madrid must go through Toledo or Salamanca? Road: [12] Madrid - [8] Toledo - [4] Badajoz. So distance: Madrid to Toledo is 1 turn? Actually from Madrid to Toledo: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" for Madrid? Wait, Madrid says: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns"? No, check: Madrid entry: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" that's for Barcelona. For Madrid itself, it doesn't list distance to Toledo? Actually each village lists distance to its nearest border village. For Madrid, it says: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" that's from Barcelona. Let's read carefully:

Each village entry has a line like: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". That is the distance from that village to Madrid. So for Madrid itself, it doesn't have that line because it is the border village. So we need to infer distances from the road network. The road network gives connections. We can compute distances by counting edges? But the report gives travel times per speed. We need to know the actual travel time in turns for each speed. The report gives for each village the march distance to its nearest border village. For example, Barcelona to Madrid: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. That means if you send slow troops (spearman), it takes 3 turns; medium (archer) takes 2; fast (knight) takes 1. So the distance in "slow turns" is 3. So the road distance is such that spearman take 3 turns, archer 2, knight 1. So we can use those numbers.

For our movements, we need to know how many turns it will take for the troops to arrive. We can look at the "march from [x]" lines in the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" section. For example, Burgos: "march from [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So from Madrid to Burgos, it takes 1 turn for any speed? That seems odd: 1 slow, 1 medium, 1 fast. That means the distance is 1 slow turn? Actually if it's 1 slow turn, then medium and fast would also be 1? But medium is faster, so it should take fewer turns. But here it says 1 for all. That implies the distance is so short that even slow troops can make it in 1 turn. So we can consider it as 1 turn for all.

So we can plan movements based on these given march times.

Now, let's list possible attacks and their distances:

From Madrid (12):
- to Burgos (14): 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns (from the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" section: Burgos: march from [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns)
- to Salamanca (7): 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns (Salamanca: march from [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns)
- to Toledo (8): ? Madrid to Toledo: they are connected directly. Distance? Not given explicitly, but we can infer from other entries. For example, from Zaragoza to Madrid: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So Madrid-Zaragoza is 1 turn. Madrid-Toledo? Toledo is also connected to Madrid. From the road network: [12] Madrid - [8] Toledo. We don't have a direct march time from Madrid to Toledo, but we can look at villages that list Madrid: e.g., Burgos says march from Madrid: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. Salamanca says march from Madrid: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So many places are 1 turn from Madrid. Likely Madrid to Toledo is also 1 turn? But we need to check: from Toledo's perspective, it says "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" for Badajoz. That's Badajoz to Toledo. For Madrid, it doesn't list a march time to Toledo because Madrid is a border village itself? Actually Madrid is a border village, so it doesn't have a "nearest border village" line. But we can look at the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" section: we see Toledo is not listed there because it's ours and we already see it? Actually "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE (7)" includes only neutral and enemy villages. So we don't have a march time from Madrid to Toledo. But we can estimate: Madrid and Toledo are connected directly. In the road network, they are adjacent. So likely 1 turn for all speeds? But we need to be careful. Let's check other adjacent pairs: Zaragoza to Madrid: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast (from Zaragoza's entry: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"). So adjacent villages can be 1 turn. So Madrid to Toledo is probably 1 turn as well. But we should confirm by looking at the map: Madrid and Toledo are both in the center. I'll assume 1 turn for all speeds for adjacent villages unless specified otherwise.

From Toledo (8):
- to Badajoz (4): 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns (from Badajoz's entry: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns")
- to Cordoba (11): 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns (Cordoba: march from [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns)
- to Madrid (12): probably 1 turn? Toledo is connected to Madrid. From Madrid's perspective, we don't have it, but likely 1 turn.
- to Teruel (13): ? Toledo connects to [13] Teruel? Road: [8] Toledo: [4], [11], [12], [13]. So yes, to Teruel. Distance? Teruel is ours, so we don't have a march time from Toledo to Teruel in the visible list. But Teruel's entry: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So Teruel to Toledo is 1 turn. So Toledo to Teruel is 1 turn.

From Badajoz (4):
- to Toledo (8): 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns
- to Sevilha (9): 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns (Sevilha: march from [4] Badajoz: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns)
- to Faro (5): 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns (Faro: march from [4] Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns)
- to Santarem (1): 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns (Santarem: march from [4] Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns)
- to Cordoba? Badajoz connects to [11] Cordoba? Road: [4] Badajoz: [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. Not directly to [11]. So to Cordoba, must go through Toledo or Sevilha.

From Valencia (16):
- to Murcia (15): 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns (Murcia: march from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns)
- to Teruel (13): ? Valencia connects to [13] Teruel? Road: [16] Valencia: [13], [15], [18]. So yes. Teruel's entry: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" but that's to Toledo. For Valencia to Teruel, we don't have a direct march time. But Teruel is interior, so maybe it lists distance to a border village. Teruel's nearest border village is Toledo (8). So from Teruel to Toledo is 1 turn. Valencia to Teruel: they are connected. Likely 1 turn? But we need to check distances: from Castellon (18) to Valencia: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" for Castellon? Actually Castellon says: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So Castellon to Toledo is 2 slow. Valencia is between Castellon and Teruel? Actually road: [13] Teruel - [16] Valencia - [18] Castellon. So Valencia to Teruel is likely 1 turn, and Valencia to Castellon is 1 turn? But Castellon to Toledo is 2 slow, so maybe Valencia to Toledo is 1 slow? We need to be careful. We can look at the "march from" lines for enemy villages: e.g., Murcia is neutral, march from Valencia: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So Valencia to Murcia is 1 turn. Murcia connects to [11] Cordoba and [16] Valencia. So from Murcia to Cordoba: not given. But we can infer that adjacent nodes are often 1 turn. However, some are longer: Badajoz to Toledo is 2 slow. So we need to use the given march times when available. For movements between our own villages, we can estimate based on the given data. But to be safe, we should rely on the explicitly given march times from the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" section or from the village entries. For our own villages, we don't have direct march times to each other except through the "nearest border village" lines. But we can compute by summing? Actually the travel time is along the road, and the report gives the time from a village to its nearest border village. That border village is usually a key point. For interior villages, they give the time to the border. For example, Zaragoza to Madrid: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So we know Zaragoza-Madrid is 1 turn. Huesca to Madrid: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So Huesca-Madrid is 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So we can use those.

For our movements, we need to decide which troops to send where. We should consider the enemy's likely moves. The enemy has an army marching toward Badajoz (arrives in 1 turn). That army could be strong. We need to reinforce Badajoz to defend. Also, the enemy has an army marching toward Salamanca (arrives in 1 turn). Since Salamanca is enemy, that army might be a reinforcement or an attack on Salamanca? But Salamanca is enemy, so if it's an enemy army marching there, it could be returning or attacking a different enemy? Actually it says "enemy army marching toward [7] Salamanca". Since Salamanca is enemy, that army could be ours? No, it's under ENEMY. So it's an enemy army. Why would an enemy army march toward an enemy village? Possibly it's a reinforcement coming from elsewhere, or it's an army that was attacking something else and is returning. Or maybe Salamanca is actually neutral? But the report says [7] Salamanca is ENEMY (King A). So it's enemy. So that army is likely a reinforcement for Salamanca or maybe it's moving to attack somewhere else but passing through? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So if an enemy army is marching toward Salamanca, and Salamanca is enemy, then it would not stop there because it's friendly? Actually the rule says "not yours". For the enemy, their own villages are "theirs", so they would not stop at their own village; they would pass through. So if an enemy army is ordered to march to some distant village, and Salamanca is on the way and is theirs, they would pass through. But the report says "marching toward [7] Salamanca", which might mean its destination is Salamanca. So it's likely a reinforcement or it's returning.

Anyway, we need to plan our moves.

Let's think about our immediate goals:
- Defend Badajoz from the incoming enemy army.
- Capture nearby neutral/enemy villages to increase our count.
- Build up our economy (troops) in interior villages.

We have 12 villages. If we capture Burgos and Murcia, we get to 14. Then we need 4 more. We could capture Salamanca, Cordoba, Faro, Santarem, or others. But we need to be careful about the enemy capital. We don't need to take it, but it might have strong defenses.

Let's assess the strength of our available forces. We have many spearman, few archers and knights. Our attack power is mostly spearman. Against knights, spearman are weak (counter triangle: spearman counters knight, so spearman get 1.5x against knights? Actually "spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So if we attack with spearman and the defender has knights, our spearman get 1.5x multiplier. But if the defender has archers, our spearman are countered (no multiplier, but the archers get 1.5x against us). So we need to match troop types.

Let's list enemy garrisons we can see:
- Salamanca (7): 3 spearmen, defense 8. So mostly spearman. If we attack with archers, we get counter bonus? Archer counters spearman. So archers would be good. But we have few archers. We have 1 archer in Badajoz. We could send that. But we also have knights? Knights are countered by spearman. So if we send knights against spearman, we don't get counter bonus, and the enemy spearman counter us? Actually spearman counters knight, so if we send knights and defender has spearman, the defender gets the counter bonus? The rule: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So it's the attacker who gets the bonus if they have the counter? Or both? Let's read carefully: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So it seems that if your troops have the counter against the defender's troops, your force is multiplied by 1.5. But what if the defender has the counter against you? The rule doesn't mention a penalty. It only says having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5. So it's a bonus for the attacker if they have the right troop type. But wait: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So we determine the most numerous type in our attacking army, and the most numerous type in the defending army. Then we check if our type counters theirs. If so, we get 1.5x. If they counter us, do we get penalized? The rule doesn't say. It only says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So it's a one-sided bonus. But in many such games, if the defender has the counter, they might get a bonus too? The rule says: "Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital)." That's separate. So the counter triangle only applies to the attacker? Let's re-read: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't specify that the defender gets a counter bonus. So only the attacker can get the 1.5x bonus if their most numerous type counters the defender's most numerous type. But what if the defender's type counters the attacker's? The rule doesn't say anything, so presumably no bonus for defender from the triangle. So it's advantageous to attack with the troop type that counters the defender's type.

So for Salamanca: defender has 3 spearmen (most numerous is spearman). To counter, we should use archers (archer counters spearman). If we attack with archers, our attack is multiplied by 1.5. We have few archers: Badajoz has 1 archer. Other villages have 0 archers available. We could build archers. But building takes a turn. We could build archers at some village and send them later. Or we could attack with knights? Knights are countered by spearman, so no bonus. Spearman vs spearman: no counter. So archers are best.

For Cordoba (11): garrison: 1 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous? Tie between archer and knight. Ties break in order spearman, archer, knight. So archer is considered most numerous? The rule: "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight." So if tie, the type earlier in that order is considered most numerous. So archer is most numerous. So defender's most numerous is archer. To counter, we should use knight (knight counters archer). We have knights available in several villages. So we could attack Cordoba with knights.

For Sevilha (9): 3 spearmen, 2 archers. Most numerous: spearman (3 vs 2). So defender most numerous is spearman. Counter: archer. So we should attack with archers.

For Faro (5): 1 knight. Most numerous: knight. Counter: spearman (spearman counters knight). So we should attack with spearman. We have many spearman.

For Santarem (1): 2 archers. Most numerous: archer. Counter: knight. So attack with knights.

For Burgos (14): neutral, 4 spearmen. Most numerous: spearman. Counter: archer.
For Murcia (15): neutral, 4 knights. Most numerous: knight. Counter: spearman.

So we need to match troop types. We have many spearman, so we can easily attack Faro (knight) and Murcia (knights) with spearman. We have some knights, so we can attack Cordoba (archer) and Santarem (archer) with knights. We have very few archers, so attacking Sevilha, Burgos, Salamanca with archers is harder. We could build archers.

But we also need to consider the effective defense numbers. The effective defense already includes location bonus. For example, Burgos defense 10. If we attack with spearman, our attack power is number of spearman * 1. If we have counter, we multiply by 1.5. So we need to beat the defense number. For Burgos, if we send 7 spearman, attack power 7, no counter (since defender is spearman, we don't counter), so 7 vs 10, we lose. If we send 10 spearman, 10 vs 10, tie goes to defender, so we lose. If we send 11 spearman, 11 vs 10, we win. But we might not have 11 spearman in one village. Madrid has 5 spearman, plus 1 knight. If we send all from Madrid: 5 spearman + 1 knight. Most numerous is spearman (5 vs 1). Defender is spearman. No counter. Attack power: 5*1 + 1*4 = 9. Defense 10. We lose. If we send from a village with more spearman? Toledo has 8 spearman. If we send 8 spearman from Toledo, attack 8 vs 10, lose. If we send from multiple villages? But they fight separately. So we need to either build more troops or use a different approach.

We could attack Burgos with archers if we had them. But we don't have many. We could build archers at some village and then send them. But that takes time.

Alternatively, we could attack easier targets first. Faro has defense 3, garrison 1 knight. We can attack with spearman from Badajoz? Badajoz has 0 spearman available, but has 1 archer and 3 knights. If we send those 3 knights and 1 archer from Badajoz to Faro: most numerous is knight (3 vs 1). Defender is knight. Knight does not counter knight. No counter. Attack power: 3*4 + 1*2 = 14. Defense 3. We win easily. But we need to check travel: Badajoz to Faro is 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns. So we can send them. They will arrive next turn? Actually if we send them now, they march and arrive in 1 turn (since it's 1 fast turn for knights? Actually the march time is 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So if we send knights (fast), it takes 1 turn. So they would arrive at the end of this turn? The rules: "Marching takes turns, and during those turns the enemy keeps building and moving." So if we order a move, it will arrive after the travel time. Since it's 1 fast turn, they arrive next turn? Or do they arrive this turn? Typically in these games, a move ordered now takes the specified number of turns to arrive. So if it's 1 turn, they arrive at the beginning of the next turn? Actually the report says "arrives in 1 turn" for the marching armies. So they will arrive next turn. So if we send from Badajoz to Faro with knights, they will arrive next turn and attack Faro. But Faro is enemy, so they will fight the garrison. We should win.

But we also need to defend Badajoz. The enemy army is marching toward Badajoz and arrives in 1 turn. So next turn, that enemy army will attack Badajoz. If we send all our Badajoz troops away, Badajoz will have only its current garrison (4 troops: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight) to defend. But wait, we can also build more troops at Badajoz this turn. Badajoz has wood 30, iron 20. It can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). If we build 2 spearman, they will be ready next turn? "ready in 1 turn" means they are built this turn and available next turn? Actually the rule: "spearman: costs 15 wood + 0 iron, ready in 1 turn." So if we order a build, it takes 1 turn to build, so it will be available next turn. So if we build at Badajoz now, those troops will be ready next turn, but the enemy attack also arrives next turn. So they could be used to defend? But the defense is determined at the time of attack. If the attack happens next turn, the newly built troops will be there? Typically, builds complete at the start of the turn? The rules don't specify exact timing. But usually, you can build and then use the troops in the same turn they are built? Or they are built at the end of the turn? The phrase "ready in 1 turn" suggests that if you order it now, it will be ready for next turn's actions. So if the enemy attacks next turn, the newly built troops might not be available to send, but they would be part of the village's garrison for defense? The garrison includes all troops at home. The build adds to the garrison. So if we build at Badajoz now, those troops will be at Badajoz next turn and will help defend. So we should definitely build at Badajoz to reinforce it. We can build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Which is better? The enemy army composition is unknown. But spearman are cheap and useful. Let's build 2 spearman at Badajoz.

Also, we should consider sending reinforcements to Badajoz from other villages. Toledo is close (2 slow/1 fast). We can send some troops from Toledo to Badajoz. Toledo has 8 spearman available. If we send, say, 4 spearman from Toledo to Badajoz, they will take 2 slow turns? Actually if we send spearman (slow), it takes 2 turns? The march time is 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast. So spearman take 2 turns, archer 2 turns, knight 1 turn. So if we send spearman, they arrive in 2 turns. That's too late for next turn's attack. If we send knights from Toledo, but Toledo has 0 knights available. We could build knights at Toledo? Toledo has wood 30, iron 60. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). If we build a knight at Toledo now, it will be ready next turn. Then we could send it to Badajoz? But sending takes 1 fast turn, so it would arrive the turn after next. So it wouldn't help for next turn's defense. So maybe we should just rely on Badajoz's own troops and builds, and maybe send something that arrives in 1 turn. What can arrive in 1 turn? From nearby villages that are 1 turn away. Which villages are 1 turn from Badajoz? From the march times: Faro is 1 turn, Santarem is 1 turn. But those are enemy. For our own villages: Toledo is 2 slow/1 fast, so knights from Toledo take 1 turn. But we have no knights at Toledo. Madrid to Badajoz: Madrid is connected via Toledo. Distance? Madrid to Toledo is probably 1 turn, then Toledo to Badajoz is 2 slow/1 fast. So total from Madrid to Badajoz would be at least 2 turns for slow, maybe 2 for medium, 2 for fast? Actually if Madrid to Toledo is 1 fast turn, and Toledo to Badajoz is 1 fast turn, then fast troops could do it in 2 turns. So not 1 turn. What about from Zaragoza? Zaragoza to Madrid 1 turn, then to Badajoz? Probably 2-3 turns. So no reinforcements can arrive in time for next turn's attack except possibly from villages very close. But Badajoz itself is the closest. So we should focus on building at Badajoz and maybe sending its own troops to defend? But they are already there. The garrison is the defense. So we just need to ensure Badajoz has enough troops to beat the incoming enemy army.

We don't know the size of the enemy army marching to Badajoz. It could be small or large. We need to estimate. Last turn, we attacked Badajoz and conquered it, losing 4 troops. The enemy had some troops there. Now they are marching an army toward it. They might be sending a strong force. We should try to find out. We can send scouts? But we don't have scout orders. We only see what we see. The report says "enemy army marching toward [4] Badajoz, arrives in 1 turn". It doesn't give composition. So we must prepare for a possible strong attack.

We can also send troops from Badajoz to attack nearby enemy villages, but that would weaken Badajoz's defense. Maybe we should keep them there to defend. Alternatively, we could attack the enemy army on the road? If we send troops from another village to intercept it on the road? But the rule: "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there: head-on, or when one catches up with the other on the same stretch of road." So if we send an army from Badajoz to an enemy village, they might meet the enemy army on the road if they are on the same road. The enemy army is marching toward Badajoz. If we send troops from Badajoz to, say, Faro, they would go along the road from Badajoz to Faro. The enemy army is coming from somewhere to Badajoz. They might be on a different road. We need to see the road network. The enemy army marching toward Badajoz: where could it come from? It could come from Toledo (since Toledo is connected to Badajoz), or from Sevilha, or from Santarem, or from Faro. We don't know its origin. But if we send troops from Badajoz to Faro, they would go on the road Badajoz-Faro. The enemy army might be on that road if it's coming from Faro. But we don't know. So it's risky.

Maybe a better strategy: reinforce Badajoz by building troops there, and also send troops from other villages to capture nearby neutral/enemy villages, but keep enough at home to defend.

Let's list our villages and their proximity to potential fronts:
- Badajoz (4): border with enemy. Nearby enemy: Santarem (1), Faro (5), Sevilha (9). Also connected to Toledo (8) and Salamanca (7) via roads? Actually Badajoz connects to [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. So it borders Santarem, Faro, Salamanca, Sevilha, and Toledo (ours). So it's a busy front.
- Madrid (12): border with Salamanca (7). Also connected to Toledo (8), Burgos (14), Zaragoza (17).
- Toledo (8): border with Cordoba (11). Also connected to Badajoz (4), Madrid (12), Teruel (13).
- Other villages are interior.

We have 12 villages. The enemy has villages: Salamanca (7), Cordoba (11), Sevilha (9), Faro (5), Santarem (1), and unexplored: Lisboa (0), Evora (2), Coimbra (3), Porto (6), Vigo (10). That's 10 enemy villages? Actually we see 5, plus 5 unexplored = 10. But total map has 24. We have 12, neutral 2 (Burgos, Murcia). So 12+2+10=24. So enemy has 10 villages. We need 18 to win, so we need to capture 6 of them (or 4 neutrals + 2 enemy, etc.). We currently have 12. If we capture Burgos and Murcia, we get 14. Then we need 4 more from enemy. If we capture Salamanca, Cordoba, Faro, Santarem, that's 4, bringing us to 18. So we could focus on those four.

Let's assess the difficulty of capturing each:
- Salamanca (7): defense 8, garrison 3 spearmen. We can attack from Madrid (1 turn) or from Badajoz? Badajoz to Salamanca: road? Badajoz connects to [7] Salamanca. So from Badajoz to Salamanca is direct. Distance? Not given. But since Badajoz lists "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo" it doesn't list Salamanca. But we can see Salamanca from Madrid: march from Madrid: 1 turn. From Badajoz, we don't have a march time to Salamanca. But they are connected. Likely 1 or 2 turns. We can check the road: [4] Badajoz - [7] Salamanca. So they are adjacent. Probably 1 turn? But we need to be careful. We can look at other adjacent pairs: Salamanca also connects to [3] Coimbra, [6] Porto, [12] Madrid. So it's a hub. We'll assume Badajoz to Salamanca is 1 turn for now, but we should verify by looking at the "march from" for Salamanca: it says "march from [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". It doesn't list Badajoz. So we don't know. We might need to send from Madrid which is 1 turn.
- Cordoba (11): defense 5, garrison 1 archer, 1 knight. Attack from Toledo (1 turn).
- Faro (5): defense 3, garrison 1 knight. Attack from Badajoz (1 turn).
- Santarem (1): defense 5, garrison 2 archers. Attack from Badajoz (1 turn).

So all these are 1 turn from our border villages. We can launch attacks next turn if we send now. But we need to have enough troops to win. Also, we need to consider that the enemy might reinforce these villages. The "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" shows reinforcements arriving at various places. So the garrisons might grow.

We should also consider that we can attack multiple villages simultaneously. But we need to manage our troops.

Let's decide on a plan for this turn's orders.

First, we need to write the "plan" and "statement". The plan should be our campaign over the next several turns. The statement is what we did this turn.

Since we are in turn 9, we need to decide orders for turn 9. The report is from turn 9, so we are making orders for the next turn (turn 10). The enemy will write orders simultaneously over the snapshot of turn 9.

Let's think about what we want to achieve in the next few turns:
- Defend Badajoz from the incoming attack.
- Capture Faro and Santarem from Badajoz? But if we send troops from Badajoz to attack them, we leave Badajoz weaker. Maybe we should send reinforcements to Badajoz from elsewhere, and then attack from Badajoz. Or we could attack from other villages. For example, we could send troops from Toledo to attack Cordoba, and from Madrid to attack Salamanca, and from Badajoz to attack Faro and Santarem. But we need to have enough troops.

Let's inventory our available troops (excluding those already marching):
We have total troops at home: 53 (40 spearman, 1 archer, 12 knight). Plus 5 spearmen marching (from Pamplona to Zaragoza). So total spearman: 40 + 5 = 45? But the 5 marching are not available this turn. So available to send now: 40 spearman, 1 archer, 12 knight. But they are distributed among villages.

We can also build new troops this turn. Let's see what we can build in each village based on resources. We should probably build spearman in most villages because they are cheap and we have many. But we also need archers and knights for certain attacks. We can build archers where we have iron. For example, Badajoz has iron 20, can build 1 archer. Barcelona has iron 60, can build 1 archer or 1 knight. Tarragona iron 50, can build 1 archer or 1 knight. Girona iron 70, can build 1 archer or 1 knight. Castellon iron 30, can build 1 archer or 1 knight. Zaragoza iron 60, can build 1 archer or 1 knight. Huesca iron 40, can build 1 archer or 1 knight. Valencia iron 50, can build 1 archer or 1 knight. Teruel iron 60, can build 1 archer or 1 knight. Madrid iron 40, can build 1 archer or 1 knight. Pamplona iron 40, can build 1 archer or 1 knight. Toledo iron 60, can build 1 archer or 1 knight. So many villages can build one archer or knight. But we also need wood. Each has 30 wood, so can build at most 2 spearman or 1 archer or 1 knight. We should decide what to build based on our needs.

We need to plan attacks:
- Faro (5): defense 3, 1 knight. We can attack with spearman (counter). We need about 3 spearman to beat defense 3? Actually if we attack with spearman, attack per spearman is 1. No counter because defender is knight, and spearman counters knight, so we get 1.5x multiplier! Wait: spearman counters knight. So if we attack with spearman and defender has knight, our attack is multiplied by 1.5. So if we send 2 spearman, attack power = 2 * 1.5 = 3, which equals defense 3. Tie goes to defender, so we lose. If we send 3 spearman, attack = 4.5, rounded? Probably we compare effective force. The rule: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins." So 4.5 > 3, we win. So 3 spearman should be enough. But we need to account for losses. The winner takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force). So we will lose some troops. But we can afford it. We have many spearman. Badajoz has 0 spearman available, but we can build 2 spearman there this turn. If we build 2 spearman at Badajoz, they will be ready next turn. Then we could send them to Faro? But they would take 1 turn to march, so they'd attack the turn after next. Alternatively, we could send the existing troops from Badajoz: 1 archer, 3 knights. If we send those, they are knights and archer. Most numerous is knight (3). Defender is knight. No counter. Attack power: 3*4 + 1*2 = 14 vs 3, easy win. But then Badajoz would have no troops left to defend against the incoming enemy army. Badajoz's current garrison is those 4 troops. If we send them away, Badajoz's defense will be just the troops we build this turn? Actually the garrison at Badajoz is the troops at home. If we send them away, they are no longer at home. So Badajoz would have only the newly built troops (if any) and any reinforcements. So if we build 2 spearman at Badajoz, then Badajoz would have 2 spearman to defend. That might not be enough against a strong enemy army. So maybe we should keep the troops at Badajoz to defend, and attack Faro from somewhere else? But which village is close to Faro? Faro is connected to Badajoz and Evora and Sevilha. From our other villages, we would have to go through Badajoz or through enemy territory. For example, from Toledo to Faro: Toledo -> Badajoz -> Faro. That's 2 turns for fast troops? Toledo to Badajoz is 1 fast turn, Badajoz to Faro is 1 fast turn, so 2 turns. So they would arrive later. So attacking from Badajoz is the quickest. But we need to balance defense and offense.

Maybe we can send some troops from Badajoz to attack Faro, and keep some to defend. Badajoz has 4 troops: 1 archer, 3 knight. We could send, say, 2 knights and the archer to Faro, leaving 1 knight at Badajoz. Then build 2 spearman at Badajoz, so Badajoz would have 1 knight + 2 spearman = 3 troops for defense. That might be okay if the enemy army is not too big. Or we could send all 4 to Faro, and build 2 spearman, so defense would be 2 spearman. That's weak.

Alternatively, we could not attack Faro this turn, and instead focus on defending Badajoz and attacking other places. We could attack Santarem from Badajoz? Santarem has 2 archers, defense 5. To counter archers, we should use knights. If we send 3 knights from Badajoz, attack power 12, no counter? Actually knight vs archer: knight counters archer, so we get 1.5x! Wait: knight counters archer. So if we attack with knights and defender has archers, our attack is multiplied by 1.5. So 3 knights attack = 3*4=12, times 1.5 = 18 vs 5, easy win. But we only have 3 knights at Badajoz. If we send all 3, we leave 1 archer behind. Then Badajoz defense would be 1 archer + whatever we build. We could build 2 spearman. So defense: 1 archer (defense 2) + 2 spearman (defense 2 each) = total defense? Actually defense values: spearman defense 2, archer defense 2, knight defense 2. In a village, defense counts x1.25. But the effective defense number already includes that. For Badajoz, effective defense is 10. That's for the current garrison of 4 troops. If we change the garrison, the effective defense will change. We need to calculate the new effective defense if we leave different troops. But we don't have a calculator, we can estimate. The rule: "Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village". So the effective defense is (sum of defense of troops) * 1.25. For Badajoz currently: troops: 0 spearman (def 2), 1 archer (def 2), 3 knight (def 2). Total base defense = (0+1+3)*2 = 8? Actually each troop has defense value. Spearman: defense 2, archer: defense 2, knight: defense 2. So all troops have defense 2. So base defense = number of troops * 2. Then location bonus: village x1.25. So effective defense = (number of troops * 2) * 1.25 = number of troops * 2.5. For Badajoz, 4 troops -> 4*2.5 = 10. That matches the effective defense 10. So the formula is: effective defense = (total troops) * 2.5 for a village. For a castle (capital), it's x1.5, so effective defense = troops * 3? Let's check Barcelona: capital, effective defense 12, troops at home: 4. 4*3 = 12. Yes. So for any village, effective defense = (number of troops) * (2 * location multiplier). Village multiplier 1.25 -> 2.5 per troop. Capital 1.5 -> 3 per troop. Castle? Not defined, but probably same as capital? Actually "castle (capital)" so capital is castle. So for our villages, we can compute effective defense from troop count.

So if we leave 1 archer and build 2 spearman, total troops = 3, effective defense = 3 * 2.5 = 7.5, probably rounded to 8? But the report shows integers. So Badajoz would have defense around 7 or 8. If the enemy army is strong, that might not be enough. If we keep all 4 troops, defense 10. If we send some away, defense drops.

We need to estimate the enemy army size. We don't know. But we can look at what happened last turn: we attacked Badajoz with an army from Toledo and won, losing 4 troops. The enemy army we fought was 2 knights, then 1 archer + 1 knight. So the enemy had some troops. Now they are marching another army toward Badajoz. It could be a similar size or larger. To be safe, we should keep Badajoz's defense high. Maybe we should not send any troops from Badajoz this turn, and instead build more there. We can build 2 spearman, bringing Badajoz's garrison to 6 troops (4 existing + 2 new). Effective defense would be 6 * 2.5 = 15. That's decent. Then we can attack from other villages.

Which other villages can attack nearby enemy villages?
- Madrid can attack Salamanca (7) - 1 turn. Madrid has 5 spearman, 1 knight. If we send all, attack power: 5*1 + 1*4 = 9. Defender has 3 spearmen, defense 8. Most numerous: attacker spearman (5), defender spearman (3). No counter. Attack 9 vs defense 8: we win? 9 > 8, so we win. But we need to check if the defender gets any counter bonus? The rule says counter triangle is a bonus for the attacker. So if we don't have counter, we just compare attack vs defense. So 9 vs 8, we win. But we will take losses. The winner takes losses equal to the loser's effective force? "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So our losses will be based on the defender's effective force. The defender's effective force is their defense? Actually it says "attrition against the loser's effective force". In defense, the effective force is the defense value? Probably. So we would lose some troops. But we can afford it. However, if we send all from Madrid, Madrid's defense would drop to 0? Madrid currently has 6 troops (5 spearman, 1 knight). If we send all, Madrid would have 0 troops, so its effective defense becomes 0? But we can build troops at Madrid this turn. Madrid has wood 30, iron 40. Can build 2 spearman or 1 archer or 1 knight. If we build 2 spearman, then Madrid would have 2 spearman for defense. So its defense would be 2*2.5 = 5. That might be okay if no immediate threat to Madrid. But Salamanca is enemy, they could attack Madrid. We need to be careful.

- Toledo can attack Cordoba (11) - 1 turn. Toledo has 8 spearman. If we send all 8, attack power 8. Defender: 1 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous: tie, archer wins tiebreak. So defender most numerous is archer. Attacker most numerous is spearman. Spearman does not counter archer. No counter. Attack 8 vs defense 5: we win. But we would leave Toledo with 0 troops. We can build at Toledo: wood 30, iron 60, can build 2 spearman or 1 archer or 1 knight. If we build 2 spearman, Toledo defense becomes 5. Cordoba is enemy, they could attack Toledo. But maybe we can hold.

- Badajoz could attack Santarem (1) or Faro (5) as discussed.

- We could also attack Burgos (14) from Madrid. Madrid to Burgos is 1 turn. Burgos has 4 spearmen, defense 10. If we send from Madrid: 5 spearman, 1 knight -> attack 9 vs 10, we lose. If we send from Madrid and also from somewhere else? But they fight separately. We could send from a village with more spearman. Toledo has 8 spearman, but Toledo to Burgos: Toledo -> Madrid -> Burgos? That's 2 turns? Actually road: Burgos [14] connects to [10], [12], [19]. So from Toledo to Burgos: Toledo [8] -> Madrid [12] -> Burgos [14]. That's 2 turns for fast? Toledo to Madrid is 1 turn, Madrid to Burgos is 1 turn, so 2 turns. So they would arrive later. We could send from Madrid and from Zaragoza? Zaragoza to Burgos: Zaragoza [17] -> Madrid [12] -> Burgos? Or Zaragoza to Pamplona to Burgos? Actually Burgos connects to [19] Pamplona. So Zaragoza -> Pamplona -> Burgos. Zaragoza to Pamplona: distance? Zaragoza connects to [19] Pamplona? Road: [17] Zaragoza: [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]. So yes, Zaragoza-Pamplona is direct. Distance? Pamplona's entry: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". That's Pamplona to Madrid. Not to Zaragoza. But we can infer: Pamplona to Madrid is 2 slow. Zaragoza to Madrid is 1 slow. So Zaragoza to Pamplona might be 1 or 2. Not sure. So coordinating multiple attacks is complex.

Maybe we should focus on capturing the easier targets first: Faro and Santarem from Badajoz, and Cordoba from Toledo, and Salamanca from Madrid. That would give us 4 new villages, bringing us to 16. Then we need 2 more, maybe Burgos and Murcia. But we need to do it efficiently while defending.

We also have the marching 5 spearmen from Pamplona to Zaragoza. They will arrive next turn at Zaragoza. We can use them later.

Let's think about the enemy's turn. The enemy is writing orders at the same time. They might attack our villages. Which of our villages might they attack? They have armies marching toward Badajoz (arrives next turn) and toward Salamanca (arrives next turn). The Salamanca one is going to an enemy village, so maybe it's a reinforcement. They might also attack other places. We should be prepared for attacks on Madrid, Toledo, etc.

We need to decide on a specific set of orders. Let's try to formulate a plan:

Plan for next few turns:
1. Defend Badajoz: Build 2 spearman at Badajoz. Do not send any troops from Badajoz this turn, to keep defense high. Expect enemy attack next turn; with 6 troops (4 existing + 2 new), defense 15, we can likely hold.
2. Attack Salamanca from Madrid: Send all available from Madrid (5 spearman, 1 knight) to Salamanca. Build 2 spearman at Madrid for defense. Madrid to Salamanca is 1 turn, so they arrive next turn and attack. We should win (attack 9 vs defense 8). But note: Salamanca might have been reinforced by the enemy army marching toward it? That army arrives in 1 turn. So Salamanca's garrison might increase. The report says Salamanca currently has 3 spearmen, defense 8. The enemy army marching toward Salamanca arrives in 1 turn. So next turn, that army will join the garrison? Or will it attack something? If it's marching toward Salamanca, and Salamanca is enemy, then it will just arrive and join the garrison. So Salamanca's defense could be higher next turn. We need to account for that. We don't know the size of that army. So attacking Salamanca might be risky if they get reinforced. Maybe we should wait and see.
3. Attack Cordoba from Toledo: Send 8 spearman from Toledo to Cordoba. Build 2 spearman at Toledo for defense. Cordoba has 1 archer, 1 knight, defense 5. Attack 8 vs 5, win. But Cordoba might also be reinforced? The "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" says "King A attacked [11] Cordoba: VICTORY, conquered". Wait, that says King A attacked Cordoba and conquered? But Cordoba is enemy (King A). So that means King A attacked his own village? That doesn't make sense. Let's read: "King A attacked [11] Cordoba: VICTORY, conquered". That might be a typo? Or maybe Cordoba was neutral and King A conquered it? But the report says [11] Cordoba is ENEMY (King A). So it's already King A's village. Why would he attack it? Possibly it was a different village? Or maybe it's a misprint. Actually looking back: "King A attacked [11] Cordoba: VICTORY, conquered" is in the "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" section. That is confusing. Maybe it means King A's army attacked and conquered Cordoba from someone else? But Cordoba is listed as ENEMY (King A). So perhaps last turn Cordoba was neutral or something, and King A conquered it, so now it's his. But the report says "was 8, 5 turns ago" for its defense. So it might have been neutral before. Anyway, currently it's enemy. So we can attack it.
4. Attack Faro and Santarem from Badajoz? But we decided to keep Badajoz strong. Maybe we can send some troops from Badajoz to attack Faro, but keep enough to defend. Let's analyze Badajoz situation more carefully.

The enemy army marching toward Badajoz arrives in 1 turn. We don't know its strength. If we keep 4 troops at Badajoz and build 2 more, we have 6 troops, defense 15. If the enemy army is, say, 5 troops, they would need to beat defense 15. Their attack power would be at most 5*4=20 if all knights, but with counter? They might have a mix. If they have 5 knights, attack 20, no counter (since we have spearman? Actually our garrison would be: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight, plus 2 built spearman = total: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight. Most numerous? 3 knight, 2 spearman, 1 archer. So most numerous is knight. If enemy attacks with, say, all knights, then their most numerous is knight, defender most numerous is knight. No counter. So their attack vs our defense. Our defense is 15. If they have 5 knights, attack 20, they win. But they would take losses. If they have 4 knights, attack 16, they win. If they have 3 knights, attack 12, they lose. So it depends. We might want to have more spearman to counter knights? If we have more spearman than knights in our garrison, then our most numerous becomes spearman. If enemy attacks with knights, then we have spearman counter knight, so we get a bonus? Wait, the counter bonus is for the attacker, not the defender. The rule: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It says "your force" - whose force? It's in the context of attack: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle... Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So it's the attacker who gets the bonus. The defender does not get a counter bonus. So our defense is just the sum of defense values times location bonus. The enemy's attack is their attack values, and if they have counter against our most numerous type, they get 1.5x. So if we have many spearman, and they attack with knights, they get the counter bonus (since spearman counters knight? Wait: spearman counters knight means spearman is strong against knight. So if attacker has knight and defender has spearman, does attacker get bonus? The rule says: "spearman counters knight". That means if you have spearman and the enemy has knight, you get the bonus. So it's the troop that does the countering that gets the bonus. So if attacker has knight and defender has spearman, the attacker's knight does not counter the defender's spearman; actually, spearman counters knight, so the defender's spearman counters the attacker's knight. But the rule says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So if the attacker has knight and defender has spearman, who has the counter? The defender has spearman, which counters knight. So the defender has the counter? But the rule says "your force" - from the attacker's perspective? Let's parse: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." The phrase "your force" likely refers to the attacker's force. So the attacker gets the bonus if their troop type counters the defender's troop type. So if attacker has knight and defender has spearman, knight does NOT counter spearman; spearman counters knight. So the attacker does not have the counter; the defender has the counter, but the rule doesn't give the defender a bonus. So the attacker gets no bonus. So to get the bonus, the attacker must have the troop type that counters the defender's most numerous type. So if defender has spearman, attacker should have archers to get the bonus (archer counters spearman). If defender has knight, attacker should have spearman. If defender has archer, attacker should have knight.

So in defense, our troop composition doesn't give us a counter bonus; it only affects the enemy's attack if they have the counter. So if we have many spearman, and the enemy attacks with archers, they get the 1.5x bonus. If they attack with knights, they get no bonus. If they attack with spearman, no bonus. So to minimize the enemy's attack, we should have a garrison that doesn't give them a counter bonus, or that they don't have the right type. But we don't know what they will attack with.

Given that, maybe we should just keep a mix. But we can't control the enemy's composition.

Back to Badajoz: if we keep the current 4 troops (1 archer, 3 knight) and add 2 spearman, our most numerous is knight (3). If enemy attacks with archers, they get counter bonus (archer counters knight? No, archer counters spearman, not knight. Knight counters archer. So if attacker has archer and defender has knight, does attacker get bonus? Archer does not counter knight; knight counters archer. So attacker with archer vs defender knight: no bonus for attacker. If attacker has knight vs defender knight: no bonus. If attacker has spearman vs defender knight: spearman counters knight, so attacker gets bonus. So if defender has knight, attacker gets bonus if they have spearman. So if we have many knights, the enemy might attack with spearman to get the bonus. So we might want to avoid having a lot of one type that is weak to something. But we can't predict.

Maybe we should just try to have a balanced defense.

Another idea: we could move our troops from Badajoz to attack, but then reinforce Badajoz from Toledo or Madrid. For example, send the 4 troops from Badajoz to attack Faro (win easily), and simultaneously send 2 spearman from Toledo to Badajoz. But Toledo to Badajoz takes 2 slow turns for spearman, so they wouldn't arrive in time for next turn's defense. If we send knights from Toledo, but we have none. We could build a knight at Toledo and send it, but it takes 1 turn to build and 1 turn to march, so arrives in 2 turns. So not in time. What about from Madrid? Madrid to Badajoz: probably 2 turns for fast. So no quick reinforcements. So Badajoz must rely on its own troops for next turn's defense. So we should keep enough there.

Thus, I think we should not send any troops from Badajoz this turn. Instead, build 2 spearman there, and keep the 4 existing. That gives 6 troops, defense 15. That should hold against a moderate attack. If the enemy sends a huge army, we might still lose, but we can't do much.

What about attacking from other villages? We can attack Salamanca from Madrid, and Cordoba from Toledo. But we need to leave enough troops in those villages for defense. Madrid currently has 5 spearman, 1 knight. If we send all, Madrid has 0. We can build 2 spearman at Madrid, so Madrid would have 2 spearman for defense (defense 5). Is Madrid at risk? Madrid borders Salamanca (enemy). If we attack Salamanca and win, we might capture it, then Madrid is safe. But if we lose, Madrid could be attacked. Also, Madrid is connected to Toledo, Burgos, Zaragoza. So it could be attacked from multiple directions. We might want to keep more troops there. Maybe we should send only part of Madrid's troops. For example, send 3 spearman and 1 knight to Salamanca, keeping 2 spearman at Madrid. Then build 2 spearman at Madrid, so Madrid ends up with 4 spearman (defense 10). Attack on Salamanca: 3 spearman (attack 3) + 1 knight (attack 4) = 7. Most numerous spearman (3 vs 1). Defender Salamanca: 3 spearmen. No counter. Attack 7 vs defense 8? We need to check Salamanca's defense. It says effective defense 8. So 7 vs 8, we lose. So we need more. If we send all 5 spearman and 1 knight, attack 9 vs 8, we win. So we need to send almost all. If we send all, Madrid has only newly built 2 spearman. That might be okay if we capture Salamanca quickly. But if the enemy reinforces Salamanca, we might need even more.

Let's check the enemy army marching toward Salamanca. It arrives in 1 turn. So next turn, Salamanca will have additional troops. We don't know how many. If it's a lot, our attack might fail. Maybe we should delay attacking Salamanca and instead attack something else.

What about attacking Cordoba from Toledo? Cordoba has defense 5. Toledo has 8 spearman. If we send all 8, attack 8 vs 5, win. But Toledo would be left with 0. We can build 2 spearman at Toledo, so defense 5. Toledo borders Cordoba and Badajoz and Madrid and Teruel. If we capture Cordoba, Toledo's border expands. But there might be enemy attacks from other directions.

We also have the neutral villages Burgos and Murcia. Burgos is 1 turn from Madrid, defense 10. We could attack Burgos from Madrid and from Zaragoza? Zaragoza has 2 spearman. If we send from Zaragoza to Burgos: distance? Zaragoza to Madrid is 1 turn, Madrid to Burgos is 1 turn, so 2 turns. Or Zaragoza to Pamplona to Burgos? Pamplona to Burgos: road? Burgos connects to [19] Pamplona. So Zaragoza -> Pamplona -> Burgos. Zaragoza to Pamplona: distance? Not sure. But likely 2 turns. So not simultaneous with Madrid. We could attack Burgos with Madrid alone, but we need more troops. We could build troops at Madrid and then attack next turn. For now, maybe we just build up.

Murcia is 1 turn from Valencia. Valencia has 1 knight. Murcia has 4 knights, defense 10. To attack Murcia, we should use spearman (counter knight). Valencia has 0 spearman available, but can build 2 spearman. If we build 2 spearman at Valencia and send them with the 1 knight? Actually if we send 2 spearman and 1 knight, most numerous is spearman (2 vs 1). Defender is knight. Spearman counters knight, so we get 1.5x bonus. Attack power: 2*1 + 1*4 = 6, times 1.5 = 9 vs defense 10, we lose. If we build 3 spearman? But Valencia can only build 2 spearman per turn (wood limit). So we can't get 3 spearman in one turn. We could send from other villages to Murcia. But Murcia is only connected to Valencia and Cordoba. So to attack Murcia from elsewhere, we must go through Valencia or Cordoba. If we go through Valencia, we need to send troops to Valencia first, then to Murcia. That takes time.

So capturing Burgos and Murcia might require multiple turns of buildup.

Given the complexity, maybe we should focus on capturing the easy enemy villages first: Faro and Santarem from Badajoz, but we decided to keep Badajoz strong. What if we send only part of Badajoz's troops? For example, send 2 knights and 1 archer to Faro, leaving 1 knight at Badajoz. Then build 2 spearman at Badajoz. So Badajoz garrison: 1 knight, 2 spearman = 3 troops, defense 7.5 -> 7 or 8. That might be too weak. But maybe the enemy army is not that strong. We could also send the 5 spearmen from Pamplona? They are already marching to Zaragoza. We could redirect them? But orders are simultaneous; we can't change existing marches? The report says "already marching out (NOT available): 5 spearmen" from Pamplona. So they are on their way to Zaragoza. We can't cancel them. They will arrive next turn.

What about sending troops from Toledo to Badajoz to reinforce, and then send Badajoz's troops to attack? But as said, Toledo to Badajoz takes 2 turns for spearman, 1 turn for knights. If we build a knight at Toledo and send it to Badajoz, it takes 1 turn to build and 1 turn to march, so arrives in 2 turns. Not in time for next turn. So no help.

Maybe we can send troops from Madrid to Badajoz? Madrid to Badajoz: Madrid -> Toledo -> Badajoz. Madrid to Toledo is 1 turn (assume), Toledo to Badajoz is 1 fast turn, so 2 turns for knights. So not in time.

So Badajoz is on its own for next turn. Therefore, we should maximize its defense. That means keeping all 4 troops and building 2 more, total 6. That gives defense 15. If the enemy army is stronger, we might still lose, but it's the best we can do.

What about the enemy army marching toward Salamanca? That might be a large army. If we attack Salamanca from Madrid, we might be walking into a reinforced Salamanca. Maybe we should wait and see what happens. We could instead attack Cordoba, which might not be reinforced (the enemy army is going to Salamanca, not Cordoba). But we don't know for sure.

Let's look at the "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" again:
- ON THE ROAD between [4] Badajoz and [8] Toledo: your army marching [8] Toledo -> [4] Badajoz WON. The enemy army (2 knights) was destroyed; your losses: 1 troop.
- ON THE ROAD between [4] Badajoz and [8] Toledo: your army marching [8] Toledo -> [4] Badajoz WON. The enemy army (1 archer, 1 knight) was destroyed; your losses: 0 troops.
- A reinforcement of King A (1 archer) arrived at [9] Sevilha
- King A attacked [12] Madrid: DEFEAT
- A reinforcement of King A (3 spearmen) arrived at [7] Salamanca
- King A attacked [11] Cordoba: VICTORY, conquered
- A reinforcement of King A (1 archer) arrived at [4] Badajoz
- A reinforcement of King A (1 knight) arrived at [4] Badajoz
- A reinforcement of King A (2 archers) arrived at [4] Badajoz
- A reinforcement of King A (2 archers) arrived at [4] Badajoz
- You attacked [4] Badajoz: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 4 troops)
- Your reinforcement (4 spearmen) arrived at [12] Madrid
- Your reinforcement (2 spearmen) arrived at [8] Toledo
- Your reinforcement (1 knight) arrived at [12] Madrid
- Your reinforcement (4 spearmen) arrived at [13] Teruel

So last turn, King A attacked Madrid and was defeated. He also attacked Cordoba and conquered it? That seems odd. Maybe Cordoba was previously neutral or something. Anyway, now Cordoba is enemy. The enemy sent many reinforcements to Badajoz (1 archer, 1 knight, 2 archers, 2 archers = total 1 knight, 5 archers? Actually: 1 archer, 1 knight, 2 archers, 2 archers = 1 knight, 5 archers). But we conquered Badajoz, so those reinforcements might have been lost? Or they arrived before we attacked? The order of events: "A reinforcement of King A (1 archer) arrived at [4] Badajoz" etc., then "You attacked [4] Badajoz: VICTORY, conquered". So the reinforcements arrived, then we attacked and captured it. So those troops were part of the garrison we fought. We lost 4 troops. So Badajoz now has our troops. The enemy also sent 3 spearmen to Salamanca, 1 archer to Sevilha. So the enemy is reinforcing Salamanca and Sevilha. So Salamanca might be stronger now. Currently Salamanca has 3 spearmen, but with the reinforcement of 3 spearmen, it might have 6 spearmen? But the report says "garrison: 3 spearmen" for Salamanca. That might be after the reinforcement? The report is from turn 9, so it includes the reinforcement that arrived last turn? "A reinforcement of King A (3 spearmen) arrived at [7] Salamanca" happened last turn. So Salamanca should have more than 3 spearmen now. But the report says "garrison: 3 spearmen". That is contradictory. Maybe the report only shows the original garrison? Or maybe the reinforcement was sent but not yet arrived? The report says "arrived at [7] Salamanca" so it should be there. Let's check the numbers: Salamanca effective defense: 8 (stable for 5 turns). If it had 3 spearmen, defense 8. If it had 6 spearmen, defense would be 6*2.5=15. But it says 8. So maybe the reinforcement hasn't arrived yet? The "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" section describes events that happened between turn 8 and turn 9? Actually it says "TURN 9 - You are King B. These numbers are from TURN 9." So the report is the state at the start of turn 9? Or after the events of last turn? Typically, the report shows the current state after last turn's movements and battles. So the reinforcements that arrived last turn should be included in the current garrisons. But Salamanca shows 3 spearmen, which is the same as before. So maybe the reinforcement of 3 spearmen to Salamanca was actually an order that will happen this turn? No, it says "arrived at [7] Salamanca" in the past tense. So it should be there. Unless the report's "garrison" only lists the original troops? That seems unlikely. Let's look at Badajoz: we conquered it last turn. The report says Badajoz has "troops at home: 4 / 300" and "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight". So that's our garrison. The enemy reinforcements that arrived before we attacked would have been there, but we captured it, so now it's ours. So the garrison we see is ours. For Salamanca, it's enemy, so the garrison should include all enemy troops there. It says 3 spearmen. But the reinforcement of 3 spearmen arrived last turn. So maybe it arrived after the snapshot? Or maybe the report is from the beginning of turn 9, and the events of last turn are from the end of turn 8? I'm confused.

Let's read the turn structure: "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." So the report we see is the snapshot for this turn's orders. The "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" describes what happened after last turn's orders. So the current state includes everything that happened last turn. So Salamanca should have the 3 spearmen reinforcement. But it says 3 spearmen. Maybe the reinforcement was not 3 spearmen but something else? Or maybe the garrison number is just the initial and we need to add? The report says "garrison: 3 spearmen | effective defense (location bonus included): 8 (stable for 5 turns)". The "stable for 5 turns" suggests it hasn't changed. So maybe the reinforcement didn't actually arrive? Or maybe it was an error in the report? We have to work with what's given.

Given the uncertainty, we should be cautious about attacking a village that might be reinforced.

Maybe we should attack Faro and Santarem from Badajoz, but we decided to keep Badajoz strong. What if we send troops from Badajoz to attack, but also build troops at Badajoz, and then next turn we can send reinforcements from Toledo? Let's think a few turns ahead.

Suppose this turn we do:
- At Badajoz: build 2 spearman. Do not send any troops. (So Badajoz garrison becomes 6 troops: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight, +2 spearman = 2 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight)
- At Madrid: build 2 spearman. Send 5 spearman and 1 knight to Salamanca? But risk. Maybe send only some to Salamanca, or attack Burgos instead? Burgos is neutral, defense 10. If we send from Madrid: 5 spearman, 1 knight -> attack 9 vs 10, lose. So we need more. We could send from Madrid and also from Zaragoza? But Zaragoza's troops would take 2 turns to arrive. So we can't attack Burgos this turn. We could attack Burgos next turn after building more.
- At Toledo: build 2 spearman. Send 8 spearman to Cordoba? Cordoba defense 5, attack 8, win. But Toledo left with 2 spearman (defense 5). Cordoba might be reinforced? The last turn events don't show reinforcement to Cordoba, but they show King A attacked Cordoba and conquered it. So maybe it was recently conquered, so its garrison might be small. It has 1 archer, 1 knight. That's weak. So attacking Cordoba seems good.
- At Valencia: build 2 spearman. Send the 1 knight to Murcia? But Murcia has 4 knights, defense 10. 1 knight attack 4 vs 10, lose. So not good. Maybe send to somewhere else? Valencia could send to Teruel? But Teruel is ours. Or send to Castellon? Not useful. Maybe just build and keep.
- At other interior villages: build spearman to grow army.

We also have the marching 5 spearmen from Pamplona to Zaragoza. They arrive next turn. We can use them then.

Let's consider the enemy's possible moves. The enemy has an army marching toward Badajoz (arrives 1 turn). That army might attack Badajoz. Also, the enemy has an army marching toward Salamanca (arrives 1 turn). That might be a reinforcement for Salamanca, or it might be an army that will then attack somewhere else. Since it's marching toward Salamanca, and Salamanca is enemy, it will likely stop there if it's a reinforcement, or if it's just passing through, it might continue. But the rule says an army stops at the first village that is not yours. Since Salamanca is theirs, they would pass through if they are going further. But the report says "marching toward [7] Salamanca", which implies Salamanca is the destination. So it's probably a reinforcement.

So next turn, Salamanca might get stronger. If we attack Salamanca from Madrid, we might face a larger garrison. Maybe we should delay attacking Salamanca and instead attack Cordoba, which might not be reinforced. Also, we could attack Faro and Santarem from Badajoz, but we want to keep Badajoz strong. What if we send only the 1 archer and 2 knights from Badajoz to attack Faro, leaving 1 knight? Then Badajoz has 1 knight + 2 built spearman = 3 troops, defense 7.5. That's risky. But maybe we can send the 5 spearmen from Pamplona to Badajoz? They are currently marching to Zaragoza. We could order them to change destination? But they are already marching; we can't change their order from last turn. The report says "already marching out (NOT available): 5 spearmen" from Pamplona. So they are on their way to Zaragoza. We can't redirect them this turn. They will arrive at Zaragoza next turn. Then we could send them from Zaragoza to Badajoz, but that would take time.

Another idea: we could send troops from Toledo to attack Cordoba, and also send some from Toledo to Badajoz to reinforce? But they can't be in two places. We have 8 spearman at Toledo. We could split: send 4 to Cordoba and 4 to Badajoz? But to Badajoz takes 2 slow turns, so they'd arrive in 2 turns. That would help for the turn after next. For next turn's defense, they aren't there. So maybe we should send 4 to Badajoz (to arrive in 2 turns) and keep 4 at Toledo to defend, and build 2 more at Toledo. Then attack Cordoba with something else? We don't have other troops at Toledo. We could attack Cordoba with the 4 spearman? But 4 spearman attack 4 vs defense 5, lose. So we need more.

What if we don't attack Cordoba this turn, but instead build up Toledo and attack next turn? We could build 2 spearman at Toledo, then next turn have 10 spearman, and send 8 to Cordoba, keeping 2. That might be safer.

Let's think about the big picture. We need 18 villages. We have 12. We can probably capture Faro, Santarem, Cordoba, and Salamanca eventually. But we need to do it without losing our own villages. The enemy is also moving. We might be able to capture Burgos and Murcia later.

Maybe we should focus on building up our economy and army for a few turns, then launch a major offensive. But we need to act quickly because neutral villages harden over time.

Let's check the neutral villages: Burgos (14) has 4 spearmen, defense 10. Murcia (15) has 4 knights, defense 10. They will harden every 5 turns, gaining +1 troop. We are at turn 9. They were at 4 troops 5 turns ago? The report says "was 8, 5 turns ago" for defense. So they gained 2 troops in 5 turns? Actually defense went from 8 to 10, so +2? Not sure. But they will continue to grow. So we might want to attack them soon.

Let's consider a multi-turn plan:
Turn 9 (this turn): 
- Build spearman everywhere possible to increase our army.
- Do not attack any enemy village this turn, except maybe very weak ones. Instead, prepare to attack next turn.
- Reinforce Badajoz by building there.
- Send troops from interior to border villages to prepare attacks.

But we have to give orders. We can send troops to our own villages to reinforce them. For example, we can send troops from Zaragoza to Madrid, from Huesca to Madrid, etc., to build up Madrid's garrison. Then next turn, we can attack from Madrid with a larger force.

Let's list our interior villages and what they can send to border villages:
- Zaragoza (17): 2 spearman available. Can send to Madrid (1 turn) or Toledo (1 turn? Zaragoza to Toledo: road? Zaragoza connects to [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona. Not directly to Toledo. So to Toledo: Zaragoza -> Madrid -> Toledo, 2 turns. So better to send to Madrid.
- Huesca (20): 5 spearman, 1 knight. Can send to Madrid? Huesca to Madrid: Huesca -> Zaragoza -> Madrid? Or Huesca -> Pamplona -> Madrid? The report says "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So Huesca to Madrid takes 2 slow turns for spearman. So if we send spearman, they take 2 turns. We could send knights (1 fast turn? Actually "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast" means fast troops take 1 turn? Wait: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means spearman take 2 turns, archers take 1 turn, knights take 1 turn? That seems odd: medium and fast both 1? Usually fast is faster than medium. Maybe it's a typo? Let's check other entries: Barcelona to Madrid: "3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So spearman 3, archer 2, knight 1. So the numbers are different. For Huesca: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" might mean spearman 2, archer 1, knight 1? That would be strange because archer and knight same speed? But archer is medium, knight is fast. So knight should be faster. Maybe it's "2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast"? But the report says "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast". Let's assume it's correct: for Huesca, spearman take 2 turns, archers and knights take 1 turn. So we can send knights from Huesca to Madrid in 1 turn. But Huesca has only 1 knight. We could send that knight to Madrid to reinforce. Or we could send archers? Huesca has 0 archers. So we could send spearman but they take 2 turns.
- Pamplona (19): 2 spearman available (5 already marching). Can send to Madrid? Pamplona to Madrid: "2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So spearman 2 turns, archer 2, knight 1. So knights fast. But Pamplona has 0 knights. So sending spearman takes 2 turns.
- Tarragona (21): 4 spearman, 2 knight. To Madrid? Tarragona to Madrid: "2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" (from Tarragona's entry: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns"). So similar. Knights take 1 turn. So we could send the 2 knights from Tarragona to Madrid in 1 turn.
- Girona (23): 4 spearman, 1 knight. To Madrid? Girona to Madrid: "3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" (from Girona's entry). So knights 1 turn. Send 1 knight.
- Barcelona (22): 2 spearman, 2 knight. To Madrid: "3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". Knights 1 turn. Send 2 knights.
- Castellon (18): 2 spearman, 1 knight. To Madrid? Castellon to Madrid: Castellon -> Valencia -> ? Actually Castellon connects to [13] Teruel, [16] Valencia, [21] Tarragona. To Madrid: probably via Teruel or Tarragona. Distance? Not given. But likely 2-3 turns.
- Valencia (16): 1 knight. To Madrid? Valencia -> Teruel -> Zaragoza -> Madrid? Or Valencia -> Teruel -> Madrid? Teruel to Madrid: Teruel connects to [12] Madrid? Road: [13] Teruel: [8], [16], [17], [18]. Not directly to Madrid. So Valencia to Madrid: Valencia -> Teruel -> Toledo -> Madrid? That's 3+ turns. So not quick.
- Teruel (13): 6 spearman. To Madrid? Teruel to Madrid: Teruel -> Toledo -> Madrid? Teruel to Toledo is 1 turn (from Teruel's entry: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"). So Teruel to Toledo 1 turn, Toledo to Madrid 1 turn? So 2 turns total. So spearman from Teruel to Madrid take 2 turns.

So we can quickly reinforce Madrid with knights from several villages: Tarragona (2 knights, 1 turn), Girona (1 knight, 1 turn), Barcelona (2 knights, 1 turn). That would add 5 knights to Madrid in 1 turn. Also we can send spearman from Zaragoza (2, 1 turn? Zaragoza to Madrid is 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast, so spearman 1 turn). So Zaragoza's 2 spearman can reach Madrid in 1 turn. Huesca's spearman take 2 turns, but knights 1 turn (1 knight). Pamplona's spearman take 2 turns. So we can significantly reinforce Madrid for next turn. Then from Madrid, we can attack Salamanca or Burgos with a larger force.

Similarly, we can reinforce Toledo: from Zaragoza (2 spearman, but to Toledo takes 2 turns via Madrid), from Teruel (6 spearman, 1 turn to Toledo? Teruel to Toledo is 1 turn). So we can send Teruel's 6 spearman to Toledo in 1 turn. That would give Toledo a lot of troops. Then from Toledo we can attack Cordoba.

We can also reinforce Badajoz: from Toledo, we can send spearman (2 turns) or knights (1 turn). But we have no knights at Toledo. We could build a knight at Toledo and send it, but it takes 1 turn to build and 1 turn to march, so 2 turns total. So not in time for next turn. But we could send from Madrid? Madrid to Badajoz: 2 turns for knights. So not in time.

So for Badajoz, we are stuck with what we have. But we can build there.

Now, let's think about the enemy's attack on Badajoz next turn. We don't know the enemy army size. But we can assume it's at least the army that was marching toward Badajoz. Last turn, we saw enemy armies on the road to Badajoz that we destroyed. Now there's another one. It might be a similar size. If we keep 6 troops at Badajoz (defense 15), it might hold. If we want to be safer, we could also send reinforcements to Badajoz that arrive in 1 turn? Is there any village 1 turn from Badajoz that we can send knights? From the road network, Badajoz is connected to [1] Santarem, [5] Faro, [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha. So only Toledo is ours. Toledo to Badajoz: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast. So knights take 1 turn. If we had a knight at Toledo, we could send it to Badajoz in 1 turn, and it would arrive next turn to help defend. But Toledo has 0 knights. We can build a knight at Toledo this turn. If we build a knight at Toledo, it will be ready next turn. But can we send it next turn? The order to send would be for next turn, but we are ordering for this turn. If we build it this turn, it will be available next turn. Then next turn we can order it to march to Badajoz, taking 1 turn, so it would arrive the turn after next. So it wouldn't help for the attack that happens next turn. Unless the attack happens at the end of next turn? The timing: We order builds and movements now. The enemy army marching toward Badajoz arrives in 1 turn. So at the start of next turn, it arrives and attacks. Our newly built troops at Toledo would be ready at the start of next turn? If we build a knight at Toledo now, it is "ready in 1 turn", so it should be available for orders next turn. But if we want to send it to Badajoz, we would have to order it next turn. That order would be simultaneous with the enemy's attack? Actually, the enemy army arrives and attacks. If we send the knight next turn, it would march and arrive in 1 turn, so it would arrive the turn after next. So it wouldn't be there for the attack. So we can't use it for defense next turn. The only way to have it defend next turn is if we could send it this turn, but it's not built yet. So no.

What about sending troops from another village that is 1 turn away and has knights? We have knights in Badajoz itself. We could keep them there. We also have knights in other villages, but they are farther. For example, from Madrid, knights to Badajoz take 2 turns. So no.

Thus, Badajoz's defense next turn will be exactly what we leave there plus what we build there this turn. So we should maximize that.

Now, what about attacking from Badajoz? If we send troops from Badajoz to attack, we reduce its defense. Maybe the enemy army is weak, and we can afford to send some. But we don't know. Let's look at the enemy army marching toward Badajoz. It says "enemy army marching toward [4] Badajoz, arrives in 1 turn". It doesn't give numbers. But we can look at the pattern: last turn, we saw two enemy armies on the road between Badajoz and Toledo: one was 2 knights, the other 1 archer + 1 knight. They were destroyed. Now there's another army. It could be a similar size. If it's 2 knights, then attack power 8. Our defense 15 would easily repel. If it's larger, say 5 knights, attack 20, they might win. But they would take losses. The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So if they win, they lose some troops. Then Badajoz would be captured? Actually if they attack and win, they capture the village. So we would lose Badajoz. That would be bad. So we need to ensure we win. To be safe, we should have a high defense.

Maybe we can find out the enemy army's strength by sending a scout? But we don't have scout orders. We only see what our watchmen see. The report shows the enemy army on the march, but not its composition. So we are blind.

Given the risk, I think we should keep all available troops in Badajoz and build more. So for Badajoz: build 2 spearman, send 0 troops.

Now, let's plan the rest.

We have many interior villages with troops. We can use them to reinforce border villages and then attack. Let's consider attacking Cordoba from Toledo. Cordoba is weak (defense 5). If we send a strong force from Toledo, we can capture it. But we need to leave Toledo with enough defense. Toledo is a border village with Cordoba and Badajoz and Madrid. If we capture Cordoba, Toledo's border expands. But there might be other enemy villages near Toledo? Toledo connects to [11] Cordoba, [4] Badajoz, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel. So only Cordoba is enemy. So if we capture Cordoba, Toledo is safe from that side. But we also need to watch for attacks from Badajoz? Badajoz is ours. So Toledo would be safe.

So we can send a large force from Toledo to Cordoba. Toledo currently has 8 spearman. If we send all 8, attack 8 vs defense 5, win. But then Toledo has 0. We can build 2 spearman at Toledo, so Toledo would have 2 spearman (defense 5). Is that enough? Possibly, if no one attacks Toledo. But the enemy could attack Toledo from Cordoba? If we capture Cordoba, then the enemy might attack from elsewhere. Also, the enemy could attack Toledo from Badajoz? Badajoz is ours, so no. From Madrid? Madrid is ours. So Toledo might be safe. However, the enemy might have troops in Cordoba that we don't see? The report says Cordoba has 1 archer, 1 knight. So it's weak. So capturing it should be easy.

But we also have the option to send reinforcements to Toledo from other villages before attacking, so we can send even more troops. For example, we can send Teruel's 6 spearman to Toledo (1 turn). Then Toledo would have 8 + 6 = 14 spearman. Then we could send, say, 10 spearman to Cordoba, keeping 4 at Toledo. That would be safer. But we need to decide whether to do that this turn or next.

If we send Teruel's 6 spearman to Toledo this turn, they will arrive next turn. Then next turn we can attack Cordoba with a large force. But we could also attack Cordoba this turn with Toledo's 8 spearman and win. Which is better? If we wait, the enemy might reinforce Cordoba. The last turn events show King A attacked Cordoba and conquered it. So maybe it's recently been conquered, so its garrison might be small and not reinforced yet. But the enemy could send reinforcements this turn. We don't know. It might be safer to attack now.

Let's check the enemy's reinforcements last turn: they sent 3 spearmen to Salamanca, 1 archer to Sevilha, and many to Badajoz (which we captured). They didn't send anything to Cordoba. So Cordoba might still be weak. So attacking now could be good.

But if we attack with all 8 spearman from Toledo, we leave Toledo with 0. We can build 2 spearman at Toledo, so Toledo ends up with 2. That's a defense of 5. If the enemy attacks Toledo next turn from somewhere, we might lose. Where could the enemy attack Toledo from? The only enemy village connected to Toledo is Cordoba. If we capture Cordoba, then there is no enemy village directly connected to Toledo. The next enemy village would be Sevilha or Faro, but they are not directly connected to Toledo; they connect through Cordoba or Badajoz. So after capturing Cordoba, Toledo is safe from immediate attack. So it might be okay.

But what if we fail to capture Cordoba? If we send 8 spearman and lose, then Toledo is left with 0, and Cordoba still enemy. That would be bad. But with attack 8 vs defense 5, we should win. The only risk is if Cordoba has been reinforced. We don't see any reinforcements, but the enemy could have sent some this turn that we don't see because of fog? The report shows Cordoba's garrison as 1 archer, 1 knight, defense 5. That is the current snapshot. So if the enemy sends reinforcements this turn, they would arrive next turn, after our attack? Actually, orders are simultaneous. If we attack Cordoba this turn, our troops will march and arrive next turn. The enemy could also send reinforcements to Cordoba this turn, which would arrive next turn. So they would be there when our troops arrive. So we might face a larger garrison. But we don't know if they will. The enemy might be focusing on Badajoz or Salamanca. We have to guess.

Given the uncertainty, maybe we should attack with a force that can handle some reinforcements. If we send 8 spearman, we have attack 8. If Cordoba gets, say, 2 more troops, defense might go up to 7 or 8. We might still win. If they send a lot, we could lose. To be safer, we could send more troops by first reinforcing Toledo from Teruel, then attacking next turn. But that gives the enemy a turn to reinforce.

Let's think about the enemy's perspective. They are King A. They have villages: Salamanca, Cordoba, Sevilha, Faro, Santarem, and unexplored. They might be trying to defend or expand. They sent reinforcements to Badajoz (which we captured) and Salamanca and Sevilha. They might be building up Salamanca as a base. They might also be reinforcing Cordoba. We don't know.

Another approach: we could attack Faro and Santarem from Badajoz, but we decided to keep Badajoz strong. What if we send a small force from Badajoz to attack Faro, while keeping most troops? For example, send 1 knight and 1 archer to Faro. Attack: knight (4) + archer (2) = 6. Most numerous: knight (1 vs 1, tie, knight wins tiebreak? Actually tie between knight and archer: order is spearman, archer, knight. So archer is before knight, so archer would be considered most numerous? Wait: "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight." So if we have 1 archer and 1 knight, the tiebreak says archer comes before knight, so archer is most numerous. So most numerous is archer. Defender Faro has 1 knight. Most numerous knight. Archer does not counter knight; knight counters archer. So attacker has archer, defender has knight. Does attacker get counter? No, because archer does not counter knight. So no bonus. Attack 6 vs defense 3, win. But we would leave Badajoz with 2 knights and 1 archer? Actually Badajoz has 0 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight. If we send 1 knight and 1 archer, we leave 2 knights. Then Badajoz garrison: 2 knights. Defense: 2*2.5 = 5. That's weak. If we build 2 spearman, we have 2 knights + 2 spearman = 4 troops, defense 10. Better. But still, we are reducing defense from 15 to 10. Is it worth it? Capturing Faro gives us a village. Faro is a border village, connected to Badajoz, Sevilha, Evora. It has defense 3, so it's easy to capture. But if we capture it, we need to garrison it. We could send some troops there later.

Maybe we can capture Faro without sending from Badajoz. From where? Faro is connected to Badajoz and Sevilha and Evora. We could send from Sevilha? Sevilha is enemy. So no. We could send from our other villages, but they would have to go through Badajoz or through enemy territory. So Badajoz is the only practical launching point. So if we want Faro, we need to use Badajoz's troops.

What about Santarem? Similar.

Maybe we should focus on capturing Cordoba and Salamanca first, and leave Faro and Santarem for later. Or we could capture Faro and Santarem quickly because they are weak, and then we have 14 villages, then go for Cordoba and Salamanca.

Let's calculate the number of villages we need: we have 12. If we capture Faro and Santarem, we get 14. Then we need 4 more. We could capture Cordoba and Salamanca to get 16. Then we need 2 more, which could be Burgos and Murcia. That's a plan.

But to capture Faro and Santarem, we need to send troops from Badajoz. If we send them, Badajoz is weak. But maybe we can send reinforcements to Badajoz from Toledo after we capture Faro? For example, this turn: build 2 spearman at Badajoz. Send 3 knights from Badajoz to Faro? Badajoz has 3 knights. If we send all 3 knights to Faro, attack 12, win. Leave 1 archer at Badajoz. Build 2 spearman. So Badajoz has 1 archer + 2 spearman = 3 troops, defense 7.5. That's risky. But if the enemy attack is weak, we hold. Then next turn, we can send reinforcements from Toledo to Badajoz (knights from Toledo? We could build a knight at Toledo and send it, but it takes 2 turns). Or we could send spearman from Teruel to Badajoz? Teruel to Badajoz: Teruel -> Toledo -> Badajoz, 2 turns for spearman. So not quick. But if we capture Faro, then Badajoz's border changes. The enemy might not attack Badajoz if they are weak.

Alternatively, we could attack Faro with only 2 knights and 1 archer, leaving 1 knight at Badajoz. Then Badajoz has 1 knight + 2 spearman = 3 troops, defense 7.5. Similar.

Maybe we can send the 5 spearmen from Pamplona? They are going to Zaragoza. We could redirect them? No, they are already marching.

What if we don't attack from Badajoz at all this turn, and instead send troops from other villages to reinforce Badajoz for future attacks? But as we saw, no quick reinforcements.

Let's consider the enemy army marching toward Badajoz. It might not be an attack; it could be a reinforcement for an enemy village? But it says "marching toward [4] Badajoz", and Badajoz is ours. So it's an attack. The enemy knows Badajoz is ours? They see it? The fog of war: they see villages connected to theirs. Badajoz is connected to Santarem, Faro, Salamanca, Sevilha, Toledo. So they can see Badajoz? Actually, they see every village directly connected to one of theirs by road. Badajoz is connected to several enemy villages (Santarem, Faro, Salamanca, Sevilha). So they can see Badajoz and know it's ours. So they are sending an army to attack it. So it's definitely an attack.

So we must prepare for a siege. The best defense is a large garrison. So we should keep as many troops in Badajoz as possible.

Thus, I propose we do not send any troops from Badajoz this turn. We build 2 spearman there. We keep the 4 existing. That gives 6 troops, defense 15.

Now, what about other attacks? We can attack Cordoba from Toledo. We should send a strong force. Let's decide how many to send. Toledo has 8 spearman. We could send all 8. But then Toledo has 0. We build 2 spearman at Toledo, so Toledo has 2. That's defense 5. Is Toledo at risk? Toledo is connected to Badajoz (ours), Madrid (ours), Teruel (ours), and Cordoba (enemy). If we capture Cordoba, then Toledo has no enemy neighbors. So it should be safe. But what if the enemy attacks Toledo from Cordoba before we capture it? Our attack arrives next turn. The enemy could attack Toledo this turn from Cordoba. If they do, they would march from Cordoba to Toledo. The distance is 1 turn (Cordoba to Toledo: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast from the visible section). So if they attack this turn, they arrive next turn, same time as our attack from Toledo? Actually if we send from Toledo to Cordoba, our troops leave Toledo this turn and arrive next turn. If the enemy sends from Cordoba to Toledo, they leave this turn and arrive next turn. They would meet on the road? The roads: Toledo to Cordoba is a direct road. If both armies are on the same road, they would meet and fight. The rule: "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there: head-on, or when one catches up with the other on the same stretch of road." So if we send from Toledo to Cordoba, and the enemy sends from Cordoba to Toledo, they would meet on the road. That would be an open-field battle. Our 8 spearman vs whatever the enemy sends. If the enemy sends a small force, we win and continue. If we lose, our army is destroyed. So it's a risk. But we don't know if the enemy will attack Toledo. They might be focusing on Badajoz. We have to guess.

If we want to be safe, we could keep some troops in Toledo to defend, and send the rest to Cordoba. For example, send 6 spearman, keep 2. Then build 2 more, so Toledo has 4 spearman (defense 10). Attack with 6: attack 6 vs defense 5, still win. So we can split.

Let's check the numbers: Toledo currently has 8 spearman. If we send 6, we keep 2. Build 2 -> total 4 at Toledo. Attack 6 vs Cordoba defense 5: win. Losses: we will lose some. The winner takes losses equal to the loser's effective force. The loser's effective force is their defense? In attack, the defender's effective force is their defense value. So we lose troops equal to the defender's defense? Actually "attrition against the loser's effective force". So if we win, our losses are based on the loser's effective force. The loser is the defender, its effective force is its defense (5). So we lose some troops. How many? The rule doesn't specify exactly. It says "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So we might lose a few spearman. We can assume we lose some, but not all. So after battle, our 6 spearman might be reduced to, say, 4 or 5. Then we capture Cordoba. The captured village will have our remaining troops as garrison. So we might want to send more to ensure we have a garrison.

Given that, maybe we should send more troops to Cordoba to ensure a strong garrison after capture. But we also need to defend Toledo.

Another idea: we can send reinforcements to Toledo from Teruel before attacking. Teruel has 6 spearman. We can send them to Toledo this turn. They arrive next turn. Then next turn, Toledo has 8 + 6 = 14 spearman. Then we can attack Cordoba with, say, 10 spearman, keeping 4 at Toledo. That would be safer. But it delays the attack by one turn. The enemy might reinforce Cordoba. But Cordoba is currently weak. Maybe it's worth the delay to ensure success.

Let's think about the overall timeline. We are at turn 9. We need 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns. We have 12. We can probably take until turn 15 or so to get to 18. So a few turns delay is okay.

I'm leaning towards a strategy of building up our forces this turn, and launching coordinated attacks next turn. This turn, we will:
- Build spearman in all villages that can, to maximize growth.
- Send reinforcements from interior villages to border villages (Madrid, Toledo, Badajoz) to prepare for attacks.
- Do not attack any enemy village this turn, except maybe very weak ones if we have overwhelming force. But we don't have overwhelming force without preparation.

Let's decide on specific builds and movements.

First, let's list all our villages and what we can build. We have 12 villages. Each has 30 wood. We can build up to 2 spearman per village, or 1 archer, or 1 knight. We should probably build spearman in most places because they are cheap and we need numbers. But we might want to build some archers or knights for specific attacks. Since we are not attacking this turn, we can just build spearman everywhere to increase our army. However, we might want to build archers or knights to have a balanced army for future attacks. But spearman are good for defense and against knights. We have a lot of iron, so we can build knights or archers in some places.

Let's check iron production: each village produces 20 iron per turn. So we have plenty of iron. Wood is 30 per turn, so we are limited by wood. We can build at most 2 spearman or 1 archer/knight per village per turn. So we should use the wood.

To maximize army size, we should build 2 spearman in as many villages as possible. But some villages might want to build archers or knights to counter enemy types. For example, if we plan to attack Salamanca (spearman), we want archers. If we plan to attack Cordoba (archer/knight), we want knights. If we plan to attack Burgos (spearman), we want archers. If we plan to attack Murcia (knights), we want spearman. So we should start building the appropriate types now.

Let's set a goal for the next few turns:
- Capture Cordoba (11) using knights from Toledo and Teruel? Actually Cordoba has archer (most numerous), so knights are good. We should build knights in Toledo and nearby.
- Capture Salamanca (7) using archers from Madrid and others. Salamanca has spearman, so archers are good.
- Capture Faro (5) and Santarem (1) using spearman from Badajoz? Faro has knight, so spearman good. Santarem has archer, so knights good.
- Capture Burgos (14) using archers from Madrid and others. Burgos has spearman, so archers good.
- Capture Murcia (15) using spearman from Valencia and others. Murcia has knights, so spearman good.

So we need a mix. We have many villages that can build archers or knights. Let's plan to build specialized troops in the villages near the targets.

For Cordoba (from Toledo/Teruel): build knights in Toledo and Teruel? Teruel has iron 60, can build 1 knight. Toledo has iron 60, can build 1 knight. Also, we can send knights from other places to Toledo.
For Salamanca (from Madrid): build archers in Madrid and nearby. Madrid has iron 40, can build 1 archer. Zaragoza has iron 60, can build 1 archer. Huesca has iron 40, can build 1 archer. etc.
For Faro/Santarem (from Badajoz): build spearman in Badajoz (already planned). Also, we can build knights in Badajoz? Badajoz has iron 20, can't build knight. So we need spearman.
For Burgos (from Madrid): build archers.
For Murcia (from Valencia): build spearman in Valencia.

So this turn, we can start building these specialized troops. Since we are not attacking this turn, we can just build and move troops to staging areas.

Let's decide on builds for each village:

We have 12 villages. Let's go through each:

1. Barcelona (22): wood 30, iron 60. Can build 2 spearman, or 1 archer, or 1 knight. It's far from the fronts. It can send troops to Madrid or Tarragona. Let's build 1 knight and 1 spearman? Actually we can only build one type per turn? The build order allows multiple types? The JSON has "build": [ {"villageId": ..., "type": ..., "quantity": ...} ]. We can order multiple builds in different villages, but can we order multiple types in the same village? The rules don't explicitly forbid, but typically you can build one type per village per turn? The cap is based on number of troops at home, not on build slots. But resources are per village. You could theoretically build both a spearman and an archer if you have resources? But wood is 30, so you can't build 2 spearman (30 wood) and an archer (20 wood) because total wood 50 > 30. So you can only afford one build per turn usually. Let's check: spearman costs 15 wood, archer 20 wood, knight 30 wood. With 30 wood, you can build: 2 spearman (30 wood), or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, or 1 knight (30 wood). You could also build 1 spearman (15 wood) and have 15 wood left, but you can't build another because next spearman costs 15, total 30, so you could build 2 spearman. You could build 1 spearman and 1 archer? 15+20=35 wood >30, so no. So the only combinations are 2 spearman, or 1 archer, or 1 knight. So we choose one.

For Barcelona: let's build 1 knight, to eventually send to Madrid or Tarragona for the Salamanca front (since knights are good against archers, but Salamanca has spearman, so knights are not ideal there). Actually for Salamanca we want archers. For Cordoba we want knights. Barcelona is closer to the north. Maybe we should build archers for the Salamanca front. Let's build 1 archer at Barcelona.

2. Tarragona (21): wood 30, iron 50. Build 1 archer? Or 2 spearman? Tarragona is near Madrid. Let's build 1 archer to send to Madrid.

3. Girona (23): wood 30, iron 70. Build 1 archer.

4. Castellon (18): wood 30, iron 30. Build 2 spearman? Or 1 archer? Castellon is near Valencia/Murcia. Murcia has knights, so we want spearman. So build 2 spearman.

5. Zaragoza (17): wood 30, iron 60. Zaragoza is near Madrid. Build 1 archer for Salamanca front.

6. Huesca (20): wood 30, iron 40. Build 1 archer.

7. Valencia (16): wood 30, iron 50. Near Murcia. Build 2 spearman (for Murcia).

8. Teruel (13): wood 30, iron 60. Near Toledo/Cordoba. Build 1 knight (for Cordoba).

9. Madrid (12): wood 30, iron 40. Build 1 archer (for Salamanca).

10. Pamplona (19): wood 30, iron 40. Near Burgos? Burgos has spearman, so we want archers. Build 1 archer.

11. Toledo (8): wood 30, iron 60. Build 1 knight (for Cordoba).

12. Badajoz (4): wood 30, iron 20. Build 2 spearman (for defense and Faro).

That uses all wood. Let's check iron: each archer uses 10 iron, knight uses 30 iron. We have enough iron? Each village has its own iron. For those building archers: Barcelona iron 60 -> after build, iron 50. Tarragona iron 50 -> 40. Girona iron 70 -> 60. Zaragoza iron 60 -> 50. Huesca iron 40 -> 30. Madrid iron 40 -> 30. Pamplona iron 40 -> 30. For knights: Teruel iron 60 -> 30. Toledo iron 60 -> 30. For spearman: Castellon iron 30 -> 30 (no iron used). Valencia iron 50 -> 50. Badajoz iron 20 -> 20. So all good.

Now, movements: We should send troops from interior villages to border villages to prepare for attacks. Let's decide where to send.

We want to build up Madrid for an attack on Salamanca or Burgos. Madrid currently has 5 spearman, 1 knight. We will build 1 archer there. We can also send troops to Madrid from nearby villages. Which villages can send to Madrid quickly (1 turn)? 
- Zaragoza: 2 spearman available. Can send to Madrid in 1 turn (slow). Let's send them to Madrid.
- Huesca: has 5 spearman, 1 knight. To Madrid: spearman take 2 turns, knights 1 turn. We could send the 1 knight to Madrid in 1 turn. Let's send the knight from Huesca to Madrid.
- Tarragona: 4 spearman, 2 knight. To Madrid: knights 1 turn. Send 2 knights to Madrid.
- Girona: 4 spearman, 1 knight. To Madrid: knights 1 turn. Send 1 knight.
- Barcelona: 2 spearman, 2 knight. To Madrid: knights 1 turn. Send 2 knights.
- Pamplona: 2 spearman. To Madrid: spearman 2 turns. Not quick. Maybe send later.
- Teruel: 6 spearman. To Madrid: via Toledo, 2 turns. Not quick.
- Valencia: 1 knight. To Madrid: far.
- Castellon: 2 spearman, 1 knight. To Madrid: far.
- Badajoz: to Madrid: via Toledo, 2 turns.
- Toledo: to Madrid: 1 turn? Toledo to Madrid: likely 1 turn. Toledo has 8 spearman. We could send some to Madrid. But we want Toledo to attack Cordoba. Maybe we send some to Madrid and some to Cordoba.

So we can send a lot of knights to Madrid in 1 turn: from Huesca (1), Tarragona (2), Girona (1), Barcelona (2) = 6 knights. Plus Zaragoza's 2 spearman. That would add 6 knights and 2 spearman to Madrid. Madrid already has 5 spearman, 1 knight, and we build 1 archer. So Madrid would have: 5+2=7 spearman, 1+6=7 knights, 1 archer. That's 15 troops! That's a huge army. Then from Madrid, we can attack Salamanca or Burgos next turn with overwhelming force.

But wait: if we send all those troops from other villages to Madrid, those villages will be left with very few troops. For example, Tarragona sends its 2 knights, leaving 4 spearman. Girona sends 1 knight, leaving 4 spearman. Barcelona sends 2 knights, leaving 2 spearman. Huesca sends 1 knight, leaving 5 spearman. Zaragoza sends 2 spearman, leaving 0? Zaragoza has 2 spearman, so sending them leaves 0. But we can build at Zaragoza? We already planned to build 1 archer at Zaragoza this turn. So Zaragoza would have 1 archer next turn. That's defense 2.5 -> 2 or 3? Very weak. But Zaragoza is interior, connected to Madrid, Teruel, Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona. It might be safe if we have strong neighbors. But if the enemy attacks there, we could be in trouble. However, the enemy is far; they would have to march through multiple villages to reach Zaragoza. So it might be okay.

Similarly, we want to build up Toledo for Cordoba attack. Toledo currently has 8 spearman. We can send reinforcements to Toledo from Teruel (6 spearman, 1 turn to Toledo? Teruel to Toledo is 1 turn). So send Teruel's 6 spearman to Toledo. Also, we could send from Zaragoza? Zaragoza to Toledo: via Madrid, 2 turns. Not quick. From Madrid? We are sending troops to Madrid, not from. So Toledo gets 6 spearman from Teruel. Then Toledo has 8+6=14 spearman. We build 1 knight at Toledo. So Toledo has 14 spearman, 1 knight. Then we can attack Cordoba with, say, 10 spearman and 1 knight, keeping 4 spearman at Toledo. That's good.

For Badajoz, we are not sending reinforcements, just building 2 spearman. So Badajoz will have 6 troops.

What about the marching 5 spearmen from Pamplona? They are going to Zaragoza. We could instead have them go to Madrid? But they are already ordered to Zaragoza. We can't change that. They will arrive at Zaragoza next turn. Then we can redirect them.

Now, we also need to consider the enemy's actions. If we send all these troops to Madrid and Toledo, our other villages are weak. But the enemy might attack our border villages. For example, they might attack Badajoz (we are prepared), they might attack Madrid (but we are building it up), they might attack Toledo (we are building it up). They might attack Salamanca? That's theirs. They might attack Burgos? That's neutral. They might attack our interior villages? Unlikely because they are far.

One risk: if we send troops from Tarragona, Girona, Barcelona, Huesca to Madrid, those villages are left with mostly spearman. The enemy could attack them? But they are not bordering enemy territory. Tarragona is connected to Barcelona, Girona, Castellon, Zaragoza. No enemy villages. So they are safe from direct attack. The only way enemy could reach them is through our own villages. So they are safe.

Zaragoza is left with 1 archer. It is connected to Madrid, Teruel, Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona. If the enemy attacks Zaragoza, they would have to come through Madrid or another of our villages. Since we are strengthening Madrid, it's unlikely they can break through.

So this plan seems okay.

But we must also consider that we are sending troops to Madrid and Toledo, but we are not attacking this turn. Those troops will arrive next turn. Then next turn we can launch attacks. However, the enemy will also be moving. They might send troops to defend Salamanca or Cordoba. If we wait, they might reinforce. But with the overwhelming force we are building, we might still win.

Let's calculate the forces for next turn's possible attacks:

If we send all those reinforcements to Madrid, Madrid will have: 
- Existing: 5 spearman, 1 knight
- Build: 1 archer
- From Zaragoza: 2 spearman
- From Huesca: 1 knight
- From Tarragona: 2 knights
- From Girona: 1 knight
- From Barcelona: 2 knights
Total: spearman: 5+2 = 7; knights: 1+1+2+1+2 = 7; archer: 1. Total 15 troops.

We can then decide how many to send to attack Salamanca. Salamanca currently has 3 spearmen, defense 8. But it might be reinforced by the enemy army marching toward it (arrives next turn). That army could be large. If we send, say, 5 spearman, 5 knights, 1 archer from Madrid to Salamanca, that's a huge army. Most numerous? 5 spearman, 5 knights, 1 archer. Tie between spearman and knight. Tiebreak: spearman before knight, so spearman is most numerous. Defender Salamanca has spearmen. Attacker most numerous spearman. No counter (spearman vs spearman). Attack power: 5*1 + 5*4 + 1*2 = 5+20+2 = 27. Defense 8. We win easily. Even if Salamanca is reinforced, say they add 5 spearmen, defense becomes (3+5)*2.5 = 20. Attack 27 vs 20, still win. So we can take Salamanca.

For Toledo: after reinforcements, Toledo has 14 spearman, 1 knight (from build). We can send, say, 10 spearman and 1 knight to Cordoba. Attack power: 10*1 + 1*4 = 14. Most numerous spearman (10 vs 1). Defender Cordoba: 1 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous archer (tiebreak). Attacker spearman does not counter archer. No bonus. Attack 14 vs defense 5, win. Even if Cordoba is reinforced, we likely win.

So this plan gives us high confidence of capturing Salamanca and Cordoba next turn.

But wait: we are sending troops from many villages to Madrid and Toledo. Those troops will march and arrive next turn. However, we must issue the movement orders now. The troops we send from, say, Tarragona to Madrid: they will leave Tarragona this turn and arrive in 1 turn (since knights take 1 turn). So they will be in Madrid next turn. Then next turn, we can order them to attack Salamanca. That attack would leave Madrid next turn and arrive the turn after? Actually, if we order the attack next turn, the troops will march from Madrid to Salamanca. The distance is 1 turn. So they would arrive the turn after next. So the sequence is:
- Turn 9 (this turn): we send reinforcements to Madrid and Toledo. They arrive at the start of turn 10? Or during turn 10? The rule: "Marching takes turns". If we send now, they arrive in 1 turn, so they are available at the beginning of turn 10? Typically, they would arrive at the end of turn 9? Actually, the report says "arrives in 1 turn" for the marching armies. So if we send now, they will arrive next turn. So at the start of turn 10, they are there. Then on turn 10, we can order them to attack. That attack will take 1 turn, so they arrive and fight at the start of turn 11? Or during turn 10? The exact timing: usually, you order moves, then the moves happen, then battles occur. So if we order an attack on turn 10, the troops march during turn 10 and arrive at the end of turn 10, then battle happens at the start of turn 11? Or the battle happens when they arrive? The rules: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So when they arrive, they fight. So if they march for 1 turn, they arrive and fight at the end of that turn? But the turn is simultaneous. So if we order an attack on turn 10, the enemy also orders on turn 10. The battle would be resolved after both orders. So the troops we send on turn 9 arrive at turn 10. On turn 10, we can order them to attack. They will march and fight on turn 10? Or do they need to march for 1 turn, so they fight on turn 11? The report says "march from [x]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means it takes that many turns to arrive. So if you order a march on turn T, the army arrives on turn T + travel time. So if travel time is 1, they arrive on turn T+1. So if we order on turn 9, they arrive on turn 10. If we order on turn 10, they arrive on turn 11. So to attack a village that is 1 turn away, we need to order the attack on the turn before we want it to happen? Actually, if we want the battle to occur on turn 10, we need to order the attack on turn 9, so they march during turn 9 and arrive on turn 10, then battle happens on turn 10? Or does the battle happen on turn 10 after they arrive? The "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" section describes battles that happened. For example, "You attacked [4] Badajoz: VICTORY, conquered" happened last turn. That attack was ordered on turn 8. So the battle occurred on turn 9? Actually the report is from turn 9, and it says "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" meaning turn 8's events? Or turn 9's events? It says "TURN 9 - You are King B. These numbers are from TURN 9." Then "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" describes events that happened between turn 8 and turn 9? Typically, the snapshot is at the start of turn 9, and the events are from the resolution of turn 8's orders. So the battles happened on turn 8? I'm a bit confused.

Let's look at the marching armies: "YOURS: - 5 spearmen: [19] -> [17], arrives in 1 turn". That means they were ordered on turn 8? Or turn 9? The report is from turn 9. It says "already marching out (NOT available): 5 spearmen" from Pamplona. So they were ordered on turn 8? Or on turn 9? The phrase "arrives in 1 turn" suggests that as of turn 9, they will arrive in 1 turn, i.e., on turn 10. So they were ordered on turn 8? Actually, if they were ordered on turn 8, they would have marched during turn 8 and arrived on turn 9. But it says "arrives in 1 turn", meaning they still have 1 turn to go. So they must have been ordered on turn 9? But the report says "already marching out (NOT available)", meaning they are not available to send this turn because they are already marching. So they were ordered on a previous turn? The "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" might include the turn 8 orders? Let's read: "Your reinforcement (4 spearmen) arrived at [12] Madrid" etc. Those are events from last turn. So the marching armies listed under "ARMIES ON THE MARCH" are those that are currently marching and will arrive in the specified number of turns. So they were ordered on turn 8? Or turn 9? The report is the snapshot for turn 9 orders. So the armies on the march are those that were ordered on turn 8 (or earlier) and are still marching. They will arrive in the number of turns indicated. So for our orders, if we send troops now (turn 9), they will arrive in the specified travel time, which will be in turn 9 + travel time. For example, if we send knights from Tarragona to Madrid with 1 fast turn, they will arrive on turn 10. So on turn 10, they will be in Madrid and can be used. Then on turn 10, we can order them to attack Salamanca (1 turn), so they would arrive on turn 11. So the attack on Salamanca would happen on turn 11.

That means if we want to attack Salamanca, we need to send the attack order on turn 10, and the battle will be on turn 11. So our plan of sending reinforcements to Madrid on turn 9 and then attacking on turn 10 means the battle is on turn 11. That's fine.

But we also have the enemy attack on Badajoz arriving in 1 turn. That means the enemy army marching toward Badajoz was ordered on turn 8? Or turn 9? It says "arrives in 1 turn". So as of turn 9, it will arrive on turn 10. So on turn 10, that army will attack Badajoz. So we need to have our defenses ready on turn 10. Our build at Badajoz this turn (turn 9) will be ready on turn 10? "ready in 1 turn" means if we order build on turn 9, it will be ready on turn 10. So the new spearman will be there for the defense on turn 10. Good.

So timing: 
- Turn 9 (now): we order builds and movements. 
- Turn 10: our reinforcements arrive at Madrid/Toledo. Our built troops arrive at various villages. The enemy army attacks Badajoz. 
- Turn 11: we can order attacks from Madrid/Toledo, which will arrive and fight on turn 11? Actually if we order on turn 10, they arrive on turn 11. So battles on turn 11.

So we have time.

Now, we need to write the JSON with our orders. Let's finalize the builds and movements.

Builds: we decided:
- Barcelona: 1 archer
- Tarragona: 1 archer
- Girona: 1 archer
- Castellon: 2 spearman
- Zaragoza: 1 archer
- Huesca: 1 archer
- Valencia: 2 spearman
- Teruel: 1 knight
- Madrid: 1 archer
- Pamplona: 1 archer
- Toledo: 1 knight
- Badajoz: 2 spearman

But wait: we need to check if we have enough wood and iron for these builds. We already checked. But also, we need to consider that some villages might not have enough troops at home to build? The cap is 300, so no issue.

Now, movements: we want to send troops to Madrid and Toledo. Let's list the movements:

To Madrid:
- From Zaragoza: send 2 spearman (available: 2 spearman). Zaragoza to Madrid: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So spearman take 1 turn? Actually "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means spearman take 1 turn? That seems fast. But it says 1 slow, so spearman take 1 turn. So they arrive on turn 10.
- From Huesca: send 1 knight (available: 1 knight). Huesca to Madrid: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So knights take 1 turn? It says 1 fast turn. So 1 turn.
- From Tarragona: send 2 knights (available: 2 knights). Tarragona to Madrid: "2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". Knights 1 turn.
- From Girona: send 1 knight (available: 1 knight). Girona to Madrid: "3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". Knights 1 turn.
- From Barcelona: send 2 knights (available: 2 knights). Barcelona to Madrid: "3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". Knights 1 turn.

That's a lot of knights. But we must also consider that these villages might need troops for defense. They are interior and safe, so it's probably okay. But we should leave some troops. For example, Tarragona has 4 spearman and 2 knights. If we send 2 knights, it still has 4 spearman. Girona has 4 spearman and 1 knight; send 1 knight, leaves 4 spearman. Barcelona has 2 spearman and 2 knights; send 2 knights, leaves 2 spearman. Huesca has 5 spearman and 1 knight; send 1 knight, leaves 5 spearman. Zaragoza has 2 spearman; send 2 spearman, leaves 0. But we are building 1 archer at Zaragoza, so next turn it will have 1 archer. That's weak but okay.

We could also send some spearman from other places to Zaragoza later.

To Toledo:
- From Teruel: send 6 spearman (available: 6 spearman). Teruel to Toledo: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" (from Teruel's entry: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"). So spearman take 1 turn. Good.

We might also want to send some troops to Badajoz? But as discussed, no quick way. We could send from Toledo to Badajoz, but they take 2 turns for spearman, 1 turn for knights. If we send a knight from Toledo to Badajoz, it would take 1 turn to build (if we build one) and 1 turn to march, so 2 turns total. Not in time for turn 10 defense. So we skip.

What about sending troops from Madrid to Badajoz? Madrid to Badajoz: via Toledo, 2 turns for knights. Not in time.

So Badajoz relies on its own.

We also have the marching 5 spearmen from Pamplona to Zaragoza. They will arrive at Zaragoza on turn 10. We can use them then.

Now, we should also consider sending troops to our other border villages for future attacks. For example, we might want to send troops to Valencia to attack Murcia. Valencia has 1 knight. We are building 2 spearman there. We could send the 1 knight somewhere? Maybe to Teruel or Toledo? But it's far.

We also have Castellon with 2 spearman, 1 knight. Could send to Valencia? Castellon to Valencia: 1 turn? Castellon connects to Valencia. Distance? Not given. But likely 1 turn. We could send to Valencia to reinforce for Murcia attack. But let's keep it simple for now.

We need to write the JSON. The JSON requires "build", "movements", "plan", "statement".

Let's write the plan first: 
"plan": "This turn we focus on building up our armies and reinforcing our border villages for a major offensive next turn. We build spearman and archers in all villages, sending knights and spearman to Madrid and Toledo to create powerful strike forces. We reinforce Badajoz with 2 spearman to defend against the expected enemy attack. Next turn, we will attack Salamanca from Madrid and Cordoba from Toledo with overwhelming force, aiming to capture both and bring our village count to 14. Then we will push on to Faro, Santarem, and the neutral villages to reach 18."

Now, statement: "statement": "We build up our armies this turn, reinforcing Madrid and Toledo for a coordinated strike. Badajoz is fortified against the coming assault. We prepare to unleash a powerful offensive next turn."

Now, let's specify the exact builds and movements.

Builds: we need to list each build order. We have 12 villages. Let's list them with the quantity and type.

1. Barcelona: build 1 archer
2. Tarragona: build 1 archer
3. Girona: build 1 archer
4. Castellon: build 2 spearman
5. Zaragoza: build 1 archer
6. Huesca: build 1 archer
7. Valencia: build 2 spearman
8. Teruel: build 1 knight
9. Madrid: build 1 archer
10. Pamplona: build 1 archer
11. Toledo: build 1 knight
12. Badajoz: build 2 spearman

Check: we have 12 builds. That's fine.

Movements: we need to list each movement with fromId, toId, and troops.

To Madrid:
- from Zaragoza (17) to Madrid (12): 2 spearman
- from Huesca (20) to Madrid (12): 1 knight
- from Tarragona (21) to Madrid (12): 2 knights
- from Girona (23) to Madrid (12): 1 knight
- from Barcelona (22) to Madrid (12): 2 knights

To Toledo:
- from Teruel (13) to Toledo (8): 6 spearman

Are there any other movements? We could also send from Pamplona to Madrid? Pamplona has 2 spearman, but they take 2 turns. Not needed. We could send from Pamplona to Zaragoza? But Zaragoza is getting the 5 spearmen anyway. Maybe we send Pamplona's 2 spearman to Zaragoza to reinforce after the 5 arrive? But they would take 2 turns? Pamplona to Zaragoza: distance? Pamplona connects to [14], [17], [20]. So Pamplona to Zaragoza: direct? Road: [19] Pamplona: [14], [17], [20]. So yes, Pamplona to Zaragoza is direct. Distance? Not given. But likely 1 or 2 turns. We could send them to Zaragoza to build up. But let's not overcomplicate.

We should also consider sending troops from Madrid to somewhere? No, we want to accumulate in Madrid.

What about the troops already at Madrid? We are not sending them out this turn. They stay.

Now, we need to ensure that the villages we send from have the troops available. Let's verify:

- Zaragoza: available 2 spearman. Yes.
- Huesca: available 5 spearman, 1 knight. We send 1 knight. Yes.
- Tarragona: available 4 spearman, 2 knight. We send 2 knights. Yes.
- Girona: available 4 spearman, 1 knight. We send 1 knight. Yes.
- Barcelona: available 2 spearman, 2 knight. We send 2 knights. Yes.
- Teruel: available 6 spearman. We send 6 spearman. Yes.

All good.

Now, we must also consider that the enemy might attack some of these villages while our troops are away. But as argued, they are interior and safe.

One more thing: we have the marching 5 spearmen from Pamplona to Zaragoza. They are already on the way. We don't need to do anything.

Now, let's write the JSON.

We need to be careful with the format: "build" is a list of objects with "villageId", "type", "quantity". "movements" is a list of objects with "fromId", "toId", "troops" (object with "spearman", "archer", "knight").

Let's list all builds:

[
  {"villageId": 22, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 21, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 23, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 18, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 17, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 20, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 16, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 13, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 12, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 19, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 8, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 4, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
]

Movements:

[
  {"fromId": 17, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
  {"fromId": 20, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
  {"fromId": 21, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}},
  {"fromId": 23, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
  {"fromId": 22, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}},
  {"fromId": 13, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 6, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}}
]

We should also consider if we want to send any troops to Badajoz or other places. Maybe we can send the 1 knight from Valencia to somewhere? Valencia has 1 knight. Could send to Teruel or Toledo? But it's far. Let's leave it.

What about the 1 archer in Badajoz? We are not sending it.

Now, check if we have any other available troops we should send. For example, Pamplona has 2 spearman. We could send them to Zaragoza to reinforce after the 5 arrive. But they would take some time. Let's send them to Zaragoza to build up the center. Pamplona to Zaragoza: distance? We don't have the march time. But we can estimate it's 1 or 2 turns. Since we don't have the exact time, we might risk sending them and they arrive later. But it's safe to send them to a friendly village. Let's send Pamplona's 2 spearman to Zaragoza. Zaragoza is a good staging point for attacks on Madrid or Salamanca. So add: {"fromId": 19, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}}.

Also, we have Castellon with 2 spearman, 1 knight. We could send them to Valencia to prepare for Murcia. Castellon to Valencia: likely 1 turn. Let's send Castellon's 2 spearman and 1 knight to Valencia. Valencia is staging for Murcia. So add: {"fromId": 18, "toId": 16, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}}.

Also, we have Huesca with 5 spearman left after sending 1 knight. We could send some to Madrid or Zaragoza. But we already sent the knight. Maybe we send 2 spearman from Huesca to Zaragoza? Huesca to Zaragoza: direct? Huesca connects to [17] Zaragoza. Distance? Huesca's entry: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That's to Madrid. To Zaragoza, it's probably 1 turn. Let's send 2 spearman from Huesca to Zaragoza to reinforce. So add: {"fromId": 20, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}}.

We have Tarragona with 4 spearman left. Could send to Madrid or Zaragoza. Let's send 2 spearman from Tarragona to Zaragoza? Tarragona to Zaragoza: direct? Tarragona connects to [17] Zaragoza? Road: [21] Tarragona: [17], [18], [22]. So yes, Tarragona to Zaragoza is direct. Distance? Not given. Likely 1 turn. Let's send 2 spearman to Zaragoza. So add: {"fromId": 21, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}}.

We have Girona with 4 spearman left. Could send to Zaragoza or Barcelona. Let's send 2 spearman to Zaragoza. Girona to Zaragoza: Girona [23] connects to [20] Huesca, [22] Barcelona. Not directly to Zaragoza. So to Zaragoza would go through Barcelona or Huesca. That's 2 turns. Maybe send to Barcelona instead? Barcelona is safe. Let's send 2 spearman from Girona to Barcelona. Barcelona is a capital, good for defense. So add: {"fromId": 23, "toId": 22, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}}.

We have Barcelona with 2 spearman left after sending knights. We could send those 2 spearman to Zaragoza? Barcelona to Zaragoza: direct? Barcelona [22] connects to [21] Tarragona, [23] Girona. Not directly to Zaragoza. So would go through Tarragona. 2 turns. Maybe keep them.

We have Teruel: we sent all 6 spearman. Teruel will have 0, but we build 1 knight there. So Teruel next turn has 1 knight. That's weak. Teruel is connected to Toledo, Valencia, Castellon, Zaragoza. It might be safe if we have troops in those villages. We are sending troops to Zaragoza and Valencia, so that's good.

We have Valencia: we build 2 spearman, and we receive from Castellon 2 spearman, 1 knight. So Valencia will have 1 existing knight + 2 new spearman + 2 from Castellon + 1 knight from Castellon = total: 2 knights, 4 spearman? Actually Castellon sends 2 spearman and 1 knight. So Valencia gets: 1 knight (existing) + 2 spearman (build) + 2 spearman (from Castellon) + 1 knight (from Castellon) = 2 knights, 4 spearman. That's a good force for Murcia.

We have Pamplona: we build 1 archer, and we send 2 spearman to Zaragoza. So Pamplona left with 0? It had 2 spearman, we send them, so 0. But we build 1 archer, so Pamplona has 1 archer. That's weak. But Pamplona is interior, connected to Burgos (neutral), Zaragoza, Huesca. If Burgos is neutral, it might be attacked by enemy? But Burgos is neutral, so no enemy troops there unless they pass through. Pamplona might be safe.

We have Madrid: we are sending a lot of troops there. Madrid will have: existing 5 spearman, 1 knight; build 1 archer; from Zaragoza 2 spearman; from Huesca 1 knight; from Tarragona 2 knights; from Girona 1 knight; from Barcelona 2 knights. Total: 7 spearman, 7 knights, 1 archer = 15 troops. That's excellent.

We have Toledo: existing 8 spearman; build 1 knight; from Teruel 6 spearman. Total: 14 spearman, 1 knight = 15 troops. Also great.

We have Badajoz: existing 0 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight; build 2 spearman. Total: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight = 6 troops.

We have Castellon: we send all troops (2 spearman, 1 knight) to Valencia. Castellon left with 0? But we build 2 spearman at Castellon. So Castellon will have 2 spearman. Good.

We have Zaragoza: we send 2 spearman to Madrid; we build 1 archer; we receive from Pamplona 2 spearman, from Huesca 2 spearman, from Tarragona 2 spearman. Also the 5 spearmen from Pamplona (already marching) will arrive. So Zaragoza will have: 1 archer (build) + 2 (from Pamplona) + 2 (from Huesca) + 2 (from Tarragona) + 5 (marching) = 12 troops? Actually the marching 5 are spearmen from Pamplona to Zaragoza. They are already on the way. So Zaragoza gets a lot. But we also sent its 2 spearman to Madrid. So net: Zaragoza had 2 spearman, we sent them, so 0. Then we build 1 archer. Then receive: 2 from Pamplona, 2 from Huesca, 2 from Tarragona, 5 marching = 11 spearmen + 1 archer = 12 troops. So Zaragoza becomes a strong base.

This is looking very good. We are concentrating troops in Madrid, Toledo, Zaragoza, Valencia. That gives us flexibility.

Now, we must ensure we don't violate any rules: "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." We checked resources. "Each village you hold produces resources every turn" - we have the resources listed. We are using them.

Also, "Cap per village: when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building". None are near 300.

Now, let's double-check the march times for the movements we are ordering. We need to know how many turns they take. For the JSON, we just specify the from and to; the game will compute the travel time. We don't need to specify the number of turns. So it's fine.

But we should be aware that some troops might take longer. For example, from Girona to Barcelona: we are sending 2 spearman. Girona to Barcelona: road? Girona [23] connects to [20] Huesca, [22] Barcelona. So direct. Distance? Not given. But likely 1 turn. It's okay.

From Pamplona to Zaragoza: direct? Pamplona [19] to Zaragoza [17]: road? [19] Pamplona: [14], [17], [20]. So direct. Distance? Not given. Probably 1 turn.

From Huesca to Zaragoza: Huesca [20] to Zaragoza [17]: direct? [20] Huesca: [17], [19], [23]. So direct. Distance? Not given. Probably 1 turn.

From Tarragona to Zaragoza: Tarragona [21] to Zaragoza [17]: direct? [21] Tarragona: [17], [18], [22]. So direct. Distance? Probably 1 turn.

From Castellon to Valencia: Castellon [18] to Valencia [16]: direct? [18] Castellon: [13], [16], [21]. So direct. Distance? Probably 1 turn.

All these are likely 1 turn for all speeds? But we are sending spearman (slow). If the distance is more than 1 slow turn, they might take longer. But we don't have the exact numbers. We have to rely on the game's internal calculations. Since we don't have the march times for these specific routes, we might be wrong. But we can only go by what we see. The report gives march times for some routes. For example, from Pamplona to Madrid is 2 slow. From Huesca to Madrid is 2 slow. From Tarragona to Madrid is 2 slow. From Girona to Madrid is 3 slow. From Barcelona to Madrid is 3 slow. So those are the times to Madrid. For other routes, we don't have direct times. But we can infer that adjacent villages are often 1 turn, but not always. For example, Badajoz to Toledo is 2 slow. So some adjacent are 2 slow. So we need to be careful.

Let's check the road network: 
- Pamplona to Zaragoza: they are connected directly. Are they close? On the map, Pamplona is north, Zaragoza is east. They might be 1 or 2 turns. We don't know. 
- Huesca to Zaragoza: Huesca is north of Zaragoza. Probably 1 turn? Huesca to Madrid is 2 slow, so Huesca to Zaragoza might be 1 slow? 
- Tarragona to Zaragoza: Tarragona is on the coast, Zaragoza is inland. Probably 1 or 2.
- Girona to Barcelona: Girona is north of Barcelona, probably 1 turn.
- Castellon to Valencia: Castellon is south of Valencia, probably 1 turn.

Since we don't have exact times, we might risk sending troops and they take longer than expected. But it's okay; they will still arrive eventually. The only issue is if we expect them for a specific attack. Since we are not attacking this turn, we can afford delays. Next turn, we can assess what arrived and plan accordingly.

To be safe, maybe we should only send troops on routes where we know the time. But we have to make decisions. The report gives us march times for routes from our villages to border villages. For interior routes, we might not have them. But the game likely has consistent distances. We can look at the given times to estimate.

For example, from Zaragoza to Madrid: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So Zaragoza-Madrid is 1 turn for all.
From Huesca to Madrid: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So Huesca-Madrid is 2 slow, 1 medium, 1 fast. That means the distance is 2 "slow units". So Huesca-Zaragoza might be 1 slow? Because Huesca-Madrid = Huesca-Zaragoza + Zaragoza-Madrid. If Huesca-Madrid is 2 slow and Zaragoza-Madrid is 1 slow, then Huesca-Zaragoza is 1 slow. So that works.
From Tarragona to Madrid: 2 slow/2 medium/1 fast. Tarragona-Madrid = Tarragona-Zaragoza + Zaragoza-Madrid. If Zaragoza-Madrid is 1 slow, then Tarragona-Zaragoza is 1 slow? But Tarragona-Madrid is 2 slow, so Tarragona-Zaragoza might be 1 slow? Actually 1+1=2, so yes. But the medium and fast times are different: Tarragona-Madrid medium is 2, fast 1. Zaragoza-Madrid medium is 1, fast 1. So Tarragona-Zaragoza medium would be 1? That would make Tarragona-Madrid medium = 1+1=2, fast = 1+1=2? But it says fast 1. So maybe the distances are not strictly additive. This is getting complicated.

Given the complexity, I'll assume that most direct connections between interior villages are 1 turn for all speeds, unless specified otherwise. The game likely uses a simple distance metric. Since we don't have the exact numbers, we'll just issue the orders and let the game resolve.

Now, let's finalize the movements. We have a lot. We need to make sure we don't send troops we don't have. Let's list all movements with available troops:

From Zaragoza: available 2 spearman. Send to Madrid: 2 spearman. OK.
From Huesca: available 5 spearman, 1 knight. Send to Madrid: 1 knight. Send to Zaragoza: 2 spearman. Total sent: 1 knight, 2 spearman. Leaves 3 spearman. OK.
From Tarragona: available 4 spearman, 2 knights. Send to Madrid: 2 knights. Send to Zaragoza: 2 spearman. Total: 2 knights, 2 spearman. Leaves 2 spearman. OK.
From Girona: available 4 spearman, 1 knight. Send to Madrid: 1 knight. Send to Barcelona: 2 spearman. Total: 1 knight, 2 spearman. Leaves 2 spearman. OK.
From Barcelona: available 2 spearman, 2 knights. Send to Madrid: 2 knights. Leaves 2 spearman. (We could send those 2 spearman somewhere, but let's keep them.)
From Teruel: available 6 spearman. Send to Toledo: 6 spearman. OK.
From Pamplona: available 2 spearman. Send to Zaragoza: 2 spearman. OK.
From Castellon: available 2 spearman, 1 knight. Send to Valencia: 2 spearman, 1 knight. OK.

We are not sending from Madrid, Toledo, Badajoz, Valencia (except receiving), Zaragoza (except sending its own), etc.

Now, check if any village is left with too few troops for defense. 
- Zaragoza: sends 2 spearman, but receives many. So net positive.
- Huesca: sends 1 knight, 2 spearman; left with 3 spearman. OK.
- Tarragona: sends 2 knights, 2 spearman; left with 2 spearman. OK.
- Girona: sends 1 knight, 2 spearman; left with 2 spearman. OK.
- Barcelona: sends 2 knights; left with 2 spearman. OK.
- Teruel: sends 6 spearman; left with 0, but builds 1 knight. So next turn has 1 knight. A bit weak, but Teruel is interior and near Toledo which will be strong.
- Pamplona: sends 2 spearman; left with 0, but builds 1 archer. So next turn has 1 archer. Weak but interior.
- Castellon: sends all; left with 0, but builds 2 spearman. So next turn has 2 spearman. OK.

These are acceptable risks.

Now, we need to write the plan and statement.

Plan: "We are building up our forces this turn, reinforcing Madrid and Toledo for a coordinated offensive. We send knights and spearman from the north to Madrid, and spearman from Teruel to Toledo, creating two powerful armies. Badajoz is fortified with 2 additional spearman to weather the expected enemy attack. Our interior villages are also building troops and sending reinforcements to strategic locations. Next turn, we will unleash our attack on Salamanca from Madrid and Cordoba from Toledo, aiming to capture both and bring our total to 14 villages. We will then focus on Faro, Santarem, and the neutral villages to reach the 18-victory threshold."

Statement: "This turn we prepare our armies, sending reinforcements to Madrid and Toledo while fortifying Badajoz against the coming storm. Our builders work overtime, and our troops march to their staging points. We are poised to strike hard next turn."

Now, let's compile the JSON.

We need to make sure the JSON is valid. We'll write it as:

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 13, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 12, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 19, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 8, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 4, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 17, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 20, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 21, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 23, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 22, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 13, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 6, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 19, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 20, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 21, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 23, "toId": 22, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 18, "toId": 16, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}}
  ],
  "plan": "This turn we focus on building up our armies and reinforcing our border villages for a major offensive next turn. We build spearman and archers in all villages, sending knights and spearman to Madrid and Toledo to create powerful strike forces. We reinforce Badajoz with 2 spearman to defend against the expected enemy attack. Next turn, we will attack Salamanca from Madrid and Cordoba from Toledo with overwhelming force, aiming to capture both and bring our village count to 14. Then we will push on to Faro, Santarem, and the neutral villages to reach 18.",
  "statement": "This turn we prepare our armies, sending reinforcements to Madrid and Toledo while fortifying Badajoz against the coming storm. Our builders work overtime, and our troops march to their staging points. We are poised to strike hard next turn."
}

Let's double-check the village IDs:
22: Barcelona
21: Tarragona
23: Girona
18: Castellon
17: Zaragoza
20: Huesca
16: Valencia
13: Teruel
12: Madrid
19: Pamplona
8: Toledo
4: Badajoz

All correct.

Now, check if we have any troops that we are sending that are not available. For example, from Huesca (20), we send 1 knight to Madrid and 2 spearman to Zaragoza. Huesca has 5 spearman, 1 knight. So that's fine.
From Tarragona (21), we send 2 knights to Madrid and 2 spearman to Zaragoza. Tarragona has 4 spearman, 2 knights. Fine.
From Girona (23), we send 1 knight to Madrid and 2 spearman to Barcelona. Girona has 4 spearman, 1 knight. Fine.
From Barcelona (22), we send 2 knights to Madrid. Barcelona has 2 spearman, 2 knights. Fine.
From Teruel (13), we send 6 spearman to Toledo. Teruel has 6 spearman. Fine.
From Pamplona (19), we send 2 spearman to Zaragoza. Pamplona has 2 spearman. Fine.
From Castellon (18), we send 2 spearman, 1 knight to Valencia. Castellon has 2 spearman, 1 knight. Fine.
From Zaragoza (17), we send 2 spearman to Madrid. Zaragoza has 2 spearman. Fine.

All good.

Now, we must ensure we don't exceed the wood/iron for builds. We already checked.

One more thing: the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" lists might include troops that were built last turn? Yes. So our available troops are correct.

Now, let's consider if we should also send the 1 knight from Valencia somewhere? Valencia has 1 knight available. We are building 2 spearman there. We could send the knight to Teruel or Toledo? But it's far. Let's leave it.

What about the 1 archer in Badajoz? We are not sending it.

Now, let's think about the enemy's attack on Badajoz. With our current plan, Badajoz will have 2 spearman (new), 1 archer, 3 knight = 6 troops, defense 15. That's decent. But what if the enemy sends a huge army? We might still lose. But we can't do much more.

Maybe we can send the 1 knight from Huesca to Badajoz instead of Madrid? But Huesca to Badajoz is far. Huesca to Badajoz: Huesca -> Zaragoza -> Madrid -> Toledo -> Badajoz? That's many turns. Not in time.

What about sending from Toledo to Badajoz? We could send 1 knight from Toledo to Badajoz. Toledo has 8 spearman, but no knights. We are building 1 knight at Toledo. If we send that knight to Badajoz, it would take 1 turn to build and 1 turn to march? Actually if we build it this turn, it's ready next turn. Then we could order it to march to Badajoz next turn, taking 1 turn (fast), so it would arrive on turn 11. That's after the enemy attack on turn 10. So it wouldn't help for the immediate defense. But it could reinforce Badajoz for future attacks. However, if Badajoz falls on turn 10, we lose it. So we need to defend on turn 10.

Thus, our best bet is to keep Badajoz's own troops and build more there.

Now, let's consider if we should attack something this turn instead of waiting. If we attack Cordoba this turn from Toledo with 8 spearman, we could capture it now. But then Toledo is left with 0, and we build 2 spearman. That's risky. Also, we wouldn't have the reinforcements from Teruel. So I think waiting is better.

What about attacking Faro from Badajoz? If we send 3 knights from Badajoz to Faro, we capture it, but Badajoz defense drops to 1 archer + 2 spearman = 3 troops, defense 7.5. That's very risky. If the enemy attack is strong, we lose Badajoz. So not worth it.

Thus, the plan to wait and build up seems best.

Now, let's write the final JSON. We need to make sure the plan and statement are within character limits? The plan: "2 to 6 lines (anything past 600 characters is cut off)." Our plan is about 400 characters, so fine. Statement: "2 to 4 lines". Our statement is 2 lines.

Now, output the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":17,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":20,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":21,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":23,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":22,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":13,"destinoId":8,"tropas":{"lanceiro":6,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":19,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":20,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":21,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":23,"destinoId":22,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":18,"destinoId":16,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}}]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [22]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [21]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [17]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [20]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [13]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [12]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [19]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [8]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO envio [17]->[12]: 2S
ACEITO envio [20]->[12]: 1K
ACEITO envio [21]->[12]: 2K
ACEITO envio [23]->[12]: 1K
ACEITO envio [22]->[12]: 2K
ACEITO envio [13]->[8]: 6S
ACEITO envio [19]->[17]: 2S
ACEITO envio [20]->[17]: 2S
ACEITO envio [21]->[17]: 2S
ACEITO envio [23]->[22]: 2S
ACEITO envio [18]->[16]: 2S+1K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): This turn we focus on building up our armies and reinforcing our border villages for a major offensive next turn. We build spearman and archers in all villages, sending knights and spearman to Madrid and Toledo to create powerful strike forces. We reinforce Badajoz with 2 spearman to defend against the expected enemy attack. Next turn, we will attack Salamanca from Madrid and Cordoba from Toledo with overwhelming force, aiming to capture both and bring our village count to 14. Then we will push on to Faro, Santarem, and the neutral villages to reach 18.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): This turn we prepare our armies, sending reinforcements to Madrid and Toledo while fortifying Badajoz against the coming storm. Our builders work overtime, and our troops march to their staging points. We are poised to strike hard next turn.
COMBATE-ESTRADA no trecho [4] Badajoz-[8] Toledo: A (ia [4] Badajoz->[8] Toledo) vs B (ia [8] Toledo->[4] Badajoz) Fatk=8 (ef 8) Fdef=32 (ef 32) vant=0 -> vence B | exercito de A ANIQUILADO (2K) | vencedor perdeu 1
COMBATE-ESTRADA no trecho [4] Badajoz-[8] Toledo: A (ia [4] Badajoz->[8] Toledo) vs B (ia [8] Toledo->[4] Badajoz) Fatk=6 (ef 6) Fdef=28 (ef 42) vant=-1 -> vence B | exercito de A ANIQUILADO (1A+1K) | vencedor perdeu 0
REFORCO [9] Sevilha dono A: 1A
COMBATE [12] Madrid: atacante A Fatk=4 (ef 4) Fdef=4 (ef 8) vant=-1 -> vence defensor | baixas~1
REFORCO [7] Salamanca dono A: 3S
COMBATE [11] Cordoba: atacante A Fatk=8 (ef 12) Fdef=8 (ef 10) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~3
REFORCO [4] Badajoz dono A: 1A
REFORCO [4] Badajoz dono A: 1K
REFORCO [4] Badajoz dono A: 2A
REFORCO [4] Badajoz dono A: 2A
COMBATE [4] Badajoz: atacante B Fatk=28 (ef 42) Fdef=28 (ef 35) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~12
REFORCO [12] Madrid dono B: 4S
REFORCO [8] Toledo dono B: 2S
REFORCO [12] Madrid dono B: 1K
REFORCO [13] Teruel dono B: 4S
placar: A 9 ald/tropas 0 | B 12 ald/tropas 28 | neutras 3 | transito 23 (A 11 | B 12)

########## TURNO 10 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4293 | resposta 29169 | raciocinio 23906 | finish stop | ms 342101
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 7, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 9, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 11, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 0, \"toId\": 1, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 3, \"toId\": 7, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 2, \"toId\": 5, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 0}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"PLAN: Capture Vigo next turn (3 knights from Porto, attack 12 > 10). Gather spearman at Santarem for Badajoz (~turn 13): receive from Lisboa/Coimbra, keep building. Salamanca reinforced (knight + 2 archer); if Madrid attacks it may fall - accept and counter later. Do NOT attack Badajoz until Santarem has 8+ spearman with support. Build in all villages every turn.\",\n  \"statement\": \"Turn 10: I built troops in every village and set up two offensives. Porto will take the neutral Vigo next turn with three knights, giving me a northern base and extra income. At Santarem I'm gathering spearsmen for a proper assault on Badajoz, while reinforcing Salamanca with a knight and archers against Madrid. The two small waves already marching to Badajoz will fail again - I'm done wasting troops there until I have a real striking force.\"\n}"
raciocinio: Let me analyze the situation carefully.

I'm King A, I hold 9 of 24 villages. I need 18 (75%) for 2 consecutive turns to win, or eliminate all enemy villages.

My villages:
- [0] Lisboa: 1 knight at home, 30 wood, 20 iron
- [1] Santarem: 1 archer at home, 40 wood, 30 iron
- [2] Evora: 1 archer at home, 40 wood, 30 iron
- [3] Coimbra: 1 knight at home, 40 wood, 20 iron
- [5] Faro: 2 at home (1 archer, 1 knight), 40 wood, 30 iron
- [6] Porto: 2 knights at home, 30 wood, 30 iron
- [7] Salamanca: 3 at home (2 spearman, 1 archer), 40 wood, 30 iron; 3 spearmen marching to [4]
- [9] Sevilha: 1 knight at home, 40 wood, 20 iron; 3 spearmen + 2 archers marching to [4]
- [11] Cordoba: 0 troops, 30 wood, 20 iron

Marching: 3 spearmen from [7] to [4] (arrives in 1 turn), 3 spearmen + 2 archers from [9] to [4] (arrives in 1 turn)

Enemy:
- [4] Badajoz: 2 spearmen, 1 archer, 3 knights, defense 15
- [8] Toledo: 14 spearmen, 1 knight, defense 38
- [12] Madrid: 7 spearmen, 1 archer, 7 knights, defense 38
- [13] Teruel: last seen 2 archers, 2 knights (out of sight)
- [22] Barcelona: enemy capital, unknown

Neutral:
- [10] Vigo: 4 knights, defense 10
- [15] Murcia: 4 knights, defense 10

Unexplored: [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza, [16] Valencia, [18] Castellon, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona, [23] Girona

Total villages: 24. I have 9. Enemy has at least 4 visible + capital + unexplored. Neutral 2.

Let me count enemy villages: [4], [8], [12], [13], [22], and unexplored [14], [17], [16], [18], [19], [20], [21], [23]. Wait, [14] Burgos is unexplored but it's on the road network. Let me check: the "UNEXPLORED" list says [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza, [16] Valencia, [18] Castellon, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona, [23] Girona.

But [14] Burgos appears in "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE"? No, it doesn't. It's in UNEXPLORED. But wait, [10] Vigo connects to [14] Burgos. Hmm, the report says [14] Burgos is unexplored.

So enemy villages: [4], [8], [12], [13], [22] known + unexplored [14], [17], [16], [18], [19], [20], [21], [23] = 12 enemy? That's too many. Let's count total: 9 mine + 2 neutral + enemy. 24 total. So enemy = 24 - 9 - 2 = 13. Known enemy: [4], [8], [12], [13], [22] = 5. Unexplored: [14], [16], [17], [18], [19], [20], [21], [23] = 8. 5 + 8 = 13. Yes.

So I need to conquer 9 more villages to reach 18. That's a lot.

Actually, the win condition: hold 18 of 24 for 2 consecutive turns, OR eliminate every enemy village.

Given the difficulty, maybe I should focus on attacking the weaker enemy villages and neutral ones.

Let me think about combat. Badajoz [4] has defense 15 with garrison 2 spearmen, 1 archer, 3 knights. My armies arriving: 3 spearmen from [7] and 3 spearmen + 2 archers from [9].

Wait, but the last turn I attacked Badajoz 4 times and all were defeats. The armies marching now will arrive next turn.

Let me compute the battle at [4] next turn.

Actually wait - the armies marching to [4] arrive in 1 turn, meaning they arrive at the start of next turn? Let me re-read: "3 spearmen: [7] -> [4], arrives in 1 turn". So they arrive next turn.

When they arrive, they fight the garrison. Let's compute:

Army 1: 3 spearmen (from [7]). Attack = 3 * 1 = 3. Defender defense: Badajoz has 2 spearmen (def 2 each), 1 archer (def 2), 3 knights (def 2 each). Effective defense given as 15 (includes location bonus). Wait, the report says effective defense (location bonus included): 15. So I use 15 directly.

Hmm, but the effective defense includes the garrison's defense values plus location bonus. Let me just use 15.

Actually wait, the combat rules say: "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again."

So Badajoz effective defense = 15.

Army 1: 3 spearmen, attack 3. vs defense 15. Army 1 loses badly.

Army 2: 3 spearmen + 2 archers. Most numerous type: spearmen (3). So counter matchup: spearmen vs... the defender's most numerous type. Defender: 2 spearmen, 1 archer, 3 knights. Most numerous: knights (3). Spearman counters knight → bonus 1.5x.

Army 2 attack: spearmen 3*1 = 3, archers 2*2 = 4, total 7. With counter bonus: 7 * 1.5 = 10.5. vs defense 15. Still loses.

Hmm. But wait, the armies fight one at a time. Army 1 fights first (3 spearmen), then army 2 fights. After army 1 fights, the defender takes losses. Let me compute.

Actually, the rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."

So which fights first? Probably the order listed. Army 1 (3 spearmen from [7]) vs defense 15. Attack 3 vs 15. Defender wins with overwhelming force. Attacker loses all 3 spearmen. Defender takes losses: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So defender takes attrition proportional to attacker's effective force (3). Hmm, how exactly? "attrition against the loser's effective force" - the winner loses troops equal to... some fraction. Let me think. Typically in these games, losses = attacker's force / defender's force or something. Let me not overthink; the report will tell.

Actually, let me reconsider. The effective defense 15 is quite high. My troops are weak.

Let me reconsider the strategy. I need to build more troops. Let me check what I can build.

Resources per village:
- [0] Lisboa: wood 30, iron 20. Can build: spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) → 1 spearman. Or knight (30 wood, 30 iron) → no, not enough iron. Archer (20 wood, 10 iron) → 1 archer.
- [1] Santarem: wood 40, iron 30. Can build: spearman 1 (15 wood), archer 1 (20 wood, 10 iron), knight 1 (30 wood, 30 iron).
- [2] Evora: wood 40, iron 30. Same: spearman 1, archer 1, knight 1.
- [3] Coimbra: wood 40, iron 20. spearman 2 (30 wood), archer 2 (40 wood, 20 iron), knight 1 (30 wood, 30 iron - no, iron 20 < 30). So knight no. Archer 2? 40 wood, 20 iron - yes exactly. Spearman 2: 30 wood.
- [5] Faro: wood 40, iron 30. spearman 2, archer 2, knight 1.
- [6] Porto: wood 30, iron 30. spearman 2 (30 wood), archer 1 (20 wood, 10 iron), knight 1 (30 wood, 30 iron).
- [7] Salamanca: wood 40, iron 30. spearman 2, archer 2, knight 1.
- [9] Sevilha: wood 40, iron 20. spearman 2, archer 2, knight 0 (iron 20 < 30).
- [11] Cordoba: wood 30, iron 20. spearman 2, archer 1, knight 0.

Cap per village: 300 troops. Currently all have few.

Hmm, but wait. Resources "belong to EACH village": a village pays for its own builds from its own stock. And "Each village you hold produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn." But the report shows different production? Let me check: [0] Lisboa wood 30 (+30/turn), iron 20 (+20/turn). Yes, so the numbers shown are current stock, and production is +30 wood, +20 iron per turn. But some villages show wood 40 (+30/turn) - so they have 40 now, and will get +30 next turn.

Wait, but the economy rule says "Each village you hold produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn." So all my villages produce the same. The differences in stock are just current amounts.

OK so next turn, each village gets +30 wood, +20 iron (assuming they don't spend).

Now, the key question: what should I do this turn?

The armies marching to [4] will arrive next turn and likely fail again since defense 15 is too strong for my small forces.

Let me think about a better strategy. I've been attacking Badajoz repeatedly and failing. The enemy is reinforcing Madrid heavily (many reinforcements arrived at [12] Madrid last turn). 

Let me reconsider. Maybe I should attack neutral villages to gain them, or attack weaker enemy targets.

Neutral: [10] Vigo (4 knights, defense 10), [15] Murcia (4 knights, defense 10).

Vigo: march from [6] Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Porto has 2 knights. Knight attack 4, 2 knights = 8 attack vs defense 10. Hmm, close. With counter? Defender is all knights. My most numerous: knights. Knight vs knight, no counter. 8 vs 10, defender wins. Hmm.

Actually wait, I attacked Vigo last turn and lost. So that failed too.

Murcia: from [11] Cordoba, 1 turn. Cordoba has 0 troops. Can't attack.

Hmm. Let me think about what's achievable.

Actually, maybe the right approach is to build up forces over multiple turns and then attack. Let me focus on building.

Let me reconsider the combat math more carefully to see what force I need to take Badajoz.

Badajoz: defense 15 (effective, includes location bonus). Garrison: 2 spearmen, 1 archer, 3 knights.

To beat defense 15, I need attack > 15 (ties favor defender). With counter bonus 1.5x, I need base attack > 10.

If I send knights: knight attack 4 each. 4 knights = 16 base attack. But knights vs knights (defender's most numerous is knights 3), no counter. 16 > 15, I win! But wait, defender's most numerous type: 3 knights vs 2 spearmen vs 1 archer. Knights. My knights vs their knights: no counter. So 16 vs 15, I win (higher wins, tie favors defender).

But I need 4 knights. I have 6 knights total at home (1 in Lisboa, 1 in Coimbra, 1 in Faro, 2 in Porto, 1 in Sevilha). Plus 1 knight arriving at Faro and 1 at Porto last turn... wait let me recount.

"TOTAL: 12 soldiers at home (2 spearman, 4 archer, 6 knight) + 8 marching"

So at home: 6 knights. Locations: Lisboa 1, Coimbra 1, Faro 1, Porto 2, Sevilha 1 = 6. ✓.

But they're spread across villages. To attack Badajoz [4], I can send from [1] Santarem (0 knights), [5] Faro (1 knight), [7] Salamanca (0 knights), [9] Sevilha (1 knight). Each send fights alone. So I can't combine them into one army of 4 knights unless they're in the same village.

Hmm, that's the problem. I need to concentrate troops.

Alternatively, I could send from Faro: 1 archer + 1 knight = attack 2 + 4 = 6. Too weak.

OK, so the strategy needs to be: gather troops into border villages, then attack.

But movement takes time. Let me think about the bigger picture.

Actually, maybe I should reconsider: is taking Badajoz even the right target? Let me look at the map structure.

My villages and borders:
- [1] Santarem borders [4] Badajoz
- [5] Faro borders [4] Badajoz
- [7] Salamanca borders [4] Badajoz and [12] Madrid
- [9] Sevilha borders [4] Badajoz
- [11] Cordoba borders [8] Toledo

So Badajoz is surrounded by 4 of my villages. It's a key border. Taking it would open paths to [8] Toledo.

To take Badajoz, I need a strong army. Let me think about what I can assemble over turns.

Actually, let me reconsider. The enemy is reinforcing Madrid heavily. Maybe they're preparing an attack on me. Salamanca [7] borders Madrid [12]. Madrid has 7 spearmen, 1 archer, 7 knights, defense 38. That's a huge force. If they attack Salamanca, I'm in trouble.

Let me think about defense. Salamanca has defense 8 (effective). I should reinforce it.

Actually, let me step back and think about the overall strategy given I'm at 9/24 and need 18.

The enemy has 13 villages. I need to take 9 of them (or all 13). That's a massive task. Alternatively, hold 18 for 2 turns - but I'd still need to take 9.

Hmm, this is a hard game. Let me focus on incremental progress.

Priority: 
1. Build troops in all villages to maximize growth.
2. Concentrate troops at border villages for attacks.
3. Consider attacking weaker targets.

Let me compute what each village can build this turn (with current stock):

[0] Lisboa: wood 30, iron 20. Options: 2 spearman (30 wood), or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron), or 1 knight (no, 30 iron needed). Best: build 1 archer (uses 20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearman. Hmm, 2 spearman costs 30 wood, 0 iron, leaving 0 wood, 20 iron. Archer costs 20 wood 10 iron leaving 10 wood, 10 iron. 

Actually, for building efficiency, spearman costs 15 wood only, so 2 spearman = 30 wood. That uses all wood. Iron stays 20. Next turn I'd have 30 wood + 20 iron again + 20 iron saved = can build archer.

Let me think about what troop mix I need. Knights are best attack (4) but expensive (30 wood, 30 iron). Archers: attack 2, cost 20 wood, 10 iron. Spearmen: attack 1, cost 15 wood.

For attacking Badajoz (defense 15), I need concentrated force. 

Actually, let me reconsider the counter mechanics. "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup." So if I send an army that's mostly spearmen, and the defender is mostly knights, I get 1.5x. Badajoz's most numerous is knights (3). So if I send spearmen-heavy, I get 1.5x.

3 spearmen from [7] arriving: attack 3, with counter 1.5 = 4.5 vs 15. No.

Hmm, what if I send more spearmen? I need base attack * 1.5 > 15, so base attack > 10, so 11 spearmen minimum. That's a lot.

Alternatively knights: no counter, need 16 attack = 4 knights.

Or archers: defender most numerous knights, archer vs knight? The counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. So archer vs knight: knight counters archer, so archer gets... hmm, "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." The counter is from the attacker's perspective: if my most numerous type counters the defender's most numerous type, I get 1.5x.

Archer does NOT counter knight. Spearman counters knight. So spearmen get 1.5x against knight-heavy defenders.

OK. So for Badajoz, spearmen get 1.5x. Need 11 spearmen for base 11 * 1.5 = 16.5 > 15.

Alternatively, mix: if I send spearmen + archers where spearmen are most numerous, still spearmen counter applies.

Hmm, but actually the "effective defense" 15 - let me double check. The garrison: 2 spearmen (def 2 each = 4), 1 archer (def 2 = 2), 3 knights (def 2 each = 6). Total base defense = 12. Location bonus: village bonus is defense x1.25. 12 * 1.25 = 15. Yes! So effective defense 15. ✓.

So to take Badajoz, I need effective attack > 15. With counter 1.5x: base attack ≥ 11 (11*1.5 = 16.5). Without counter: base attack ≥ 16.

That's 11 spearmen or 16 archers or 4 knights (but knights don't counter knights).

Hmm wait, but the garrison will also take losses from my failed attacks. Last turn I attacked 4 times and all failed. Each failure, the defender takes attrition. But the report says garrison is still 2 spearmen, 1 archer, 3 knights and defense 15 (was 18, 5 turns ago). So the garrison hasn't decreased from my attacks? Interesting - maybe the attrition is small, or maybe the garrison regenerates.

Actually "was 18, 5 turns ago" - it was 18 five turns ago, now 15. So it has decreased by 3 over 5 turns. Hmm, but the garrison composition is still listed as 2/1/3 = 6 troops with base defense 12 * 1.25 = 15. If it were 18, base would be 14.4, so ~14 troops worth... Actually 18/1.25 = 14.4. Hmm, that doesn't match 6 troops. Unless the "effective defense" includes something else.

Wait, maybe effective defense isn't just garrison defense * location bonus. Let me re-read: "Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital)." And "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus."

So effective defense = sum of defender troop defenses * 1.25 (for village). 6 troops * 2 defense each = 12 * 1.25 = 15. ✓.

Was 18 → base 14.4 → ~11.5 troops worth of defense. Hmm, 18/1.25 = 14.4. If all spearmen (def 2), that's 7.2 troops. Hmm, doesn't divide evenly. Maybe it was a different composition. Anyway, the garrison has been reduced somewhat.

Actually, maybe the "was 18" reflects a larger garrison 5 turns ago that has been worn down. But the current listed garrison (2 spear, 1 arch, 3 knight) = 15. So maybe the garrison listing is current.

Hmm, but wait - the garrison listing might be what I can SEE, and the actual garrison might be larger? No, I think it's the actual.

OK here's my issue: my attacks on Badajoz keep failing. Let me think about whether the marching armies will do better.

Actually, let me reconsider. Maybe I'm miscomputing. Let me re-read the combat rules.

"When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs."
"The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER."

So effective attack vs effective defense. Effective attack = sum of attacks, possibly * 1.5 with counter.

For 3 spearmen: 3 * 1 = 3. Counter: spearmen vs knights (defender most numerous) → 1.5x → 4.5. vs 15. Lose.

For 3 spearmen + 2 archers: spearmen most numerous (3 vs 2). Attack = 3*1 + 2*2 = 7. Counter applies (spearmen counter knights): 10.5. vs 15. Lose.

Both lose. So next turn, both armies fail again. Bad.

Hmm. So I need a fundamentally different approach. I need to build up a big army.

Let me think about the resource economy. Each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. So per turn, total: 9 villages * 30 wood = 270 wood, 9 * 20 = 180 iron.

Costs: spearman 15 wood, archer 20 wood + 10 iron, knight 30 wood + 30 iron.

If all 9 villages build spearman: 9 * 15 = 135 wood, so 18 spearmen per turn (limited by wood: 270/15 = 18). Iron: 180 unused.

If build archers: each 20 wood + 10 iron. Wood allows 270/20 = 13, iron allows 180/10 = 18. So 13 archers per turn.

If build knights: 30 wood + 30 iron. Wood: 9, iron: 6. So 6 knights per turn.

So I can build ~18 spearmen or 13 archers or 6 knights per turn across all villages.

To take Badajoz with spearmen (counter bonus), I need 11 spearmen in one army. But they need to come from one village or... no, each send fights alone. So I need one village to have 11 spearmen and send them.

But building 11 spearmen in one village takes many turns (each village builds at most 2 per turn with 30 wood... wait, a village with 30 wood can build 2 spearmen (30 wood). With 40 wood, 2 spearmen (30 wood, 10 left). So ~2 spearmen per village per turn.

To get 11 spearmen in one village, I'd need to send spearmen from other villages to that village. But sending takes turns and they march.

Alternatively, gather knights: need 4 knights in one village to send (16 attack > 15). Knights build 1 per village per turn (30 wood, 30 iron). I have villages with 30 iron: Santarem (30), Evora (30), Faro (30), Porto (30), Salamanca (30). Each can build 1 knight per turn. And I can send knights to a gathering village.

Hmm, this is a long game. Let me think about the most efficient path.

Actually, wait. Let me reconsider the neutral villages. Vigo [10] has 4 knights, defense 10. If I take Vigo, I get a new village (+30 wood, +20 iron per turn) and it's a northern foothold. To take it, I need attack > 10. From Porto [6] which has 2 knights = 8 attack. Not enough. But if I reinforce Porto with more knights...

Hmm, let me think differently. What about attacking with archers? Archer attack 2. Need 8 archers for 16 (no counter since defender knights vs archers: knight counters archer, so no bonus for me; actually the counter is checked as "does my most numerous type counter defender's most numerous type?" archer does not counter knight, so no bonus). 8 archers = 16 > 15. But getting 8 archers in one village...

This is all about concentration. Let me plan a multi-turn buildup.

Actually, let me reconsider whether there's a smarter target. What about the enemy's weaker villages? All enemy villages I can see are strong (defense 15, 38, 38). Teruel last seen 2 archers, 2 knights = defense ~5? But it's out of sight now.

Hmm, Teruel [13]: last seen 2 archers, 2 knights. Base defense = 2*2 + 2*2 = 8. Village bonus 1.25 = 10. March from [11] Cordoba: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. Cordoba has 0 troops. And I can't see Teruel now, so it might have been reinforced.

Let me think about the overall plan:

Given the difficulty, I think the best strategy is:
1. Build troops in all villages this turn.
2. Gather troops toward border villages.
3. Eventually attack Badajoz with a concentrated force.

But I need to be careful about Madrid attacking Salamanca.

Actually, let me reconsider. The enemy has been sending lots of reinforcements to Madrid. That suggests they're gathering for an attack, possibly on Salamanca [7] (borders Madrid). Salamanca defense is 8. Madrid has 7 spearmen, 1 archer, 7 knights = attack: 7*1 + 1*2 + 7*4 = 7+2+28 = 37. Most numerous: spearmen 7 vs knights 7 - tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight → spearmen. So Madrid's most numerous is spearmen. If they attack Salamanca, counter: my defenders... the counter applies to the attacker. Madrid's most numerous is spearmen. Does spearmen counter anything? Spearman counters knight. Salamanca's defenders... whatever I have. The counter is about the attacker's type vs defender's most numerous type. Hmm, actually re-reading: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."

So the attacker gets the bonus if the attacker's most numerous type counters the defender's most numerous type. If Madrid (spearmen-heavy) attacks Salamanca, and Salamanca has knights as most numerous, then spearmen counter knights → Madrid gets 1.5x. That'd be bad for me.

I should make Salamanca's garrison archer-heavy or spearman-heavy to avoid giving Madrid the counter. If Salamanca's most numerous is archers, then spearmen (Madrid's) vs archers: archer counters spearman, so that's the defender's counter, not attacker's. The attacker only gets bonus if attacker's type counters defender's type. Spearman does not counter archer. So no bonus for Madrid. Good.

Alternatively if Salamanca's most numerous is spearmen, then spearman vs spearman: no counter. Also fine.

So I should avoid having knights as the most numerous in Salamanca.

Currently Salamanca has 2 spearman, 1 archer at home (plus 3 spearmen marching out). So spearmen are most numerous. Good, Madrid wouldn't get a counter bonus.

But Madrid's attack force is huge (37 base, potentially 55.5 with counter). Salamanca defense 8. That's a massacre. I need to reinforce Salamanca heavily or hope they don't attack.

Hmm, actually, if Madrid attacks Salamanca and wins, they take losses but continue. Actually no - "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there." So Madrid's army would stop at Salamanca and fight. If they win, do they capture it? "The winner also takes losses... The losing army is destroyed entirely; the winner takes losses and keeps marching." Hmm, in a village attack, if the attacker wins, they capture the village? I think so - that's how conquest works.

This is dangerous. Let me prioritize defending Salamanca.

Actually, wait. Let me reconsider. The enemy writes orders simultaneously with me. They might not attack Salamanca. But given the heavy reinforcements at Madrid, it's a risk.

Let me think about what's most valuable. Actually, let me reconsider the whole situation. I have 9 villages. The enemy has 13. I need 18 total (which means taking 9 from them, or 7 if I take 2 neutrals).

Given the enemy capital Barcelona is "the hardest single target" and not required, maybe I should focus on the western enemy villages (Badajoz, Toledo, Madrid, Teruel) and the neutrals.

Let me count: if I take Badajoz [4], Vigo [10], Murcia [15], and... hmm.

Actually, let me reconsider. Maybe the winning approach is to eliminate enemy villages one by one. But that's hard.

Let me focus on the immediate turn. What orders should I give?

Builds this turn:
- [0] Lisboa: 30 wood, 20 iron. Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Or 2 spearman (30 wood). Let me build 2 spearman for now (simpler, more troops). Actually, archers are more versatile. Hmm. Let me think about what I need.

Actually, let me reconsider. For defending Salamanca, I want archers (to counter potential spearman attackers... wait, archer counters spearman, so if Madrid is spearman-heavy and attacks, my archers would counter them, giving ME the 1.5x bonus! That's great for defense.)

Wait, the counter applies to the attacker based on defender's most numerous. Let me re-read: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup." And "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." Whose force? The one whose most numerous type counters the other's most numerous type.

I think: compare attacker's most numerous type with defender's most numerous type. If attacker's type counters defender's type, attacker gets 1.5x. If defender's type counters attacker's type, defender gets 1.5x. Otherwise no bonus.

So if Madrid (spearmen most numerous) attacks Salamanca with archers most numerous: archer counters spearman → defender (me) gets 1.5x. That's great! My defense would be boosted.

So I should make Salamanca archer-heavy. 

Let me plan: build archers in Salamanca and send archers there.

But Salamanca already has 2 spearman, 1 archer. If I add archers, archers become most numerous. Let me build 1 archer in Salamanca → 2 spearman, 2 archer. Tie between spearman and archer - tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight → spearman wins. So spearman still most numerous. I need more archers. Build 2 archers? Salamanca has 40 wood, 30 iron. 2 archers = 40 wood, 20 iron. Yes! Then Salamanca has 2 spearman, 3 archer → archers most numerous. 

But wait, 3 spearmen are marching out from Salamanca to [4]. Those will leave. So after they leave, Salamanca has 2 spearman, 1 archer at home + new builds.

Hmm, let me reconsider. The 3 spearmen marching out will arrive at [4] next turn (they fight there). So Salamanca's home garrison after: 2 spearman, 1 archer + whatever I build.

Let me build 2 archers in Salamanca: after, 2 spearman, 3 archer = 5 troops, archers most numerous. Good for defense against spearman-heavy attackers.

Now, the marching orders. Currently marching: 3 spearmen [7]→[4], 3 spearmen + 2 archers [9]→[4]. These will arrive next turn and fight (and lose, as computed). Should I cancel? I can't cancel marching orders I already gave. Actually, the orders were from last turn and are executing. I can't change them.

Hmm, so next turn those armies will be lost. That's 3 spearmen + 3 spearmen + 2 archers = 8 troops lost. Ouch.

Wait, actually, let me re-read: "3 spearmen: [7] -> [4], arrives in 1 turn" and "3 spearmen, 2 archers: [9] -> [4], arrives in 1 turn". So they arrive next turn and fight. They'll lose. Unless... hmm.

Actually, maybe I should reconsider whether they really lose. Let me recompute more carefully with the possibility that the garrison is smaller than I think.

Actually, the garrison at Badajoz is 2 spearmen, 1 archer, 3 knights with effective defense 15. My 3 spearmen: attack 3 (or 4.5 with counter). Definitely lose against 15.

Unless the attrition from my previous attacks has been significant. But the report shows defense 15 now, so no.

OK so those armies are doomed. Let me not worry and focus on building.

Actually, wait. Let me reconsider. Maybe I should send reinforcements to [4] too? No, they'd fight separately and also lose.

Alternatively — hmm, what if the marching armies, upon arrival, join the garrison if I own it? No, [4] is enemy.

OK. Let me accept the losses and plan for the future.

Let me now think about the plan for this turn:

1. Build troops in all villages.
2. Reinforce Salamanca (border with Madrid) with archers.
3. Gather troops for a future Badajoz attack.

Let me figure out builds:

[0] Lisboa: wood 30, iron 20. Build 2 spearman (30 wood). Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Let me build 1 archer — archers are more valuable. Actually, for gathering at border villages, I need to decide the troop type.

Hmm, let me think about the Badajoz attack plan. I need 11 spearmen (with counter) or 4 knights (no counter) or 8 archers (no counter) in a single send.

Knights are expensive but powerful. 4 knights = 120 wood, 120 iron. That's 4 villages' worth of iron per turn... Actually 6 knights per turn max globally. To get 4 knights in one village, I'd build in multiple villages and send them to a gathering point.

Alternatively, spearmen: 11 spearmen. Each village builds ~2/turn. I'd need to gather from ~6 villages. But spearmen are cheap (15 wood).

Hmm, but gathering takes time and the troops march.

Let me think about which border village to use for the Badajoz assault. Options: [1] Santarem, [5] Faro, [7] Salamanca, [9] Sevilha.

Salamanca is also threatened by Madrid. Faro and Sevilha and Santarem are safer.

Let me plan to gather at Faro [5] or Sevilha [9].

Actually, let me reconsider. Let me look at what's reachable. To attack Badajoz [4], the armies come from [1], [5], [7], [9]. Each send fights alone. So I need ONE big send of 11+ spearmen from one of these.

Let me pick Sevilha [9] or Faro [5].

Faro [5]: currently 1 archer, 1 knight at home. Wood 40, iron 30. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 spearman (30 wood) + ... 40 wood: 2 spearman (30) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 50 wood > 40. So 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron) leaving 10 wood, 30 iron. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 35 wood, 10 iron. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).

Let me think about the long-term gathering. Actually, this is getting complex. Let me just make reasonable moves and write a plan note.

Let me decide:

Builds:
- [0] Lisboa: build 2 spearman (30 wood). Wait, but I might want archers for defense of Salamanca. Lisboa isn't a border with Madrid. Lisboa connects to [1] Santarem and [2] Evora. Let me build 2 spearman in Lisboa (to send toward the front).
- Actually, let me build a mix. Let me build 1 archer in Lisboa (20 wood, 10 iron), keeping 10 wood, 10 iron. Hmm, but then wood is underused. 2 spearman uses all wood.

Let me just build spearman everywhere for volume, and archers where I need them for Salamanca defense.

Builds:
- [0] Lisboa: 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron) → 30 wood left 0, iron 20.
- [1] Santarem: 2 spearman (30 wood) → wood 10, iron 30. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Let me build 2 spearman.
- [2] Evora: 2 spearman (30 wood) → wood 10, iron 30.
- [3] Coimbra: 2 spearman (30 wood) → wood 10, iron 20. Or 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron). Let me build 2 spearman.
- [5] Faro: 2 spearman (30 wood) → wood 10, iron 30.
- [6] Porto: 2 spearman (30 wood) → wood 0, iron 30. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Let me build 2 spearman.
- [7] Salamanca: 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron) → wood 0, iron 10. For defense.
- [9] Sevilha: 2 spearman (30 wood) → wood 10, iron 20.
- [11] Cordoba: 2 spearman (30 wood) → wood 0, iron 20.

Total spearman built: 14. Archers: 2.

Hmm, but wait. I should double-check: can I build 2 spearman in a village with 30 wood? 2 * 15 = 30. Yes, exactly. Villages with 40 wood can build 2 spearman (30) with 10 left, or... can they build 3? 3*15 = 45 > 40. No.

OK. Now movements. What do I send?

The 3 spearmen from [7] and 3 spearmen + 2 archers from [9] are already marching to [4]. I can't change that.

Should I send additional troops anywhere this turn?

Option A: Send troops to reinforce Salamanca [7] from Coimbra [3] or Porto [6]. Salamanca is threatened by Madrid.

Coimbra [3] → Salamanca [7]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Coimbra has 1 knight. Send the knight? Knights are fast. Sending 1 knight to Salamanca. But if Salamanca's most numerous becomes knight... Let me check. Salamanca after builds: 2 spearman, 3 archer (5 troops). Adding 1 knight → 2 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. Archers still most numerous. Good.

Actually, wait. Should I send the knight from Coimbra to Salamanca? Coimbra is interior, safe. Yes, send it for defense.

Hmm, but actually, if Madrid attacks Salamanca with 7 spearmen + 7 knights, even with my counter bonus... let me compute. My defense: Salamanca effective defense 8 (with location bonus 1.25x for village... wait, Salamanca's effective defense is listed as 8). Hmm, that's quite low. Let me check: 3 spearman + 1 archer = 3*2 + 1*2 = 8 base. Village bonus 1.25 → 10. But it says 8. Hmm.

Wait, Salamanca has "troops at home: 3 / 300" with "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight". So 3 troops at home: 2 spearman, 1 archer. Base defense = 2*2 + 1*2 = 6. Village bonus 1.25 → 7.5, rounds to 8. OK, effective defense 8. ✓.

After my builds (2 archers) and the knight from Coimbra arriving: 2 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight = 2*2 + 3*2 + 1*2 = 12 base. Village bonus 1.25 = 15. Better.

But Madrid's attack is 37 base (or 55 with counter). Even at defense 15, Madrid wins easily and takes losses. Then Madrid captures Salamanca? That would be catastrophic.

Hmm, but actually, when an army attacks a village and wins, does it capture it? I believe so. Let me assume yes.

So I really need to worry about Salamanca. But maybe Madrid won't attack this turn — the enemy might be doing something else. The heavy reinforcements suggest they're building up, maybe for an attack on me or on someone else.

Actually, Madrid borders [7] Salamanca (mine), [8] Toledo (theirs), [14] Burgos (unexplored), [17] Zaragoza (unexplored). So Madrid could attack Salamanca, or move to reinforce Toledo, or head north.

Given the risk, let me reinforce Salamanca as much as possible.

From Porto [6] → Salamanca [7]: 1 turn. Porto has 2 knights. Send 1 knight? Or both? If I send both knights to Salamanca, then Salamanca has 2 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight = 7 troops, base defense 14, effective 17.5. Most numerous: archers (3) vs knights (2) vs spearmen (2). Archers. Good - archers counter spearman, so if Madrid (spearmen-heavy) attacks, I get the counter bonus.

But wait, sending both knights from Porto leaves Porto empty. Porto borders Vigo [10] (neutral, 4 knights). If Vigo or something attacks Porto... Vigo is neutral, won't attack. So Porto empty is fine, it still produces resources.

Hmm, but actually, I want to keep some knights for an offensive. Let me think.

Actually, let me reconsider the whole strategy. I'm worried about defense but I also need to attack to win. Let me think about the timeline.

Given the complexity, let me make a pragmatic plan:

This turn:
1. Build troops everywhere (mostly spearman for volume, archers in Salamanca).
2. Send available troops to reinforce Salamanca (from Coimbra and Porto).
3. Note that the Badajoz-bound armies will be lost; plan a new assault later.

Wait, but if I send knights from Porto to Salamanca, and the marching 3 spearmen from Salamanca to Badajoz... those 3 spearmen are already marching. Fine.

Let me reconsider: should I send troops from Santarem [1] to Badajoz [4]? Santarem has 1 archer. Sending 1 archer to Badajoz: it'd fight separately and lose. Not useful.

Hmm, what if instead of attacking Badajoz again, I should attack a weaker target? Let me look at what's weak.

Actually, you know what, let me reconsider the possibility of attacking Vigo [10] with a bigger force. Vigo: 4 knights, defense 10. From Porto [6], 1 turn. If I send 3 knights (need to gather), attack 12 > 10, win. But Porto only has 2 knights. I could send 2 knights = 8 < 10, lose.

What if I send archers? Archer attack 2. From Porto I have 2 knights only. Hmm.

Let me think about gathering knights. Knights are fast, which helps.

Actually, here's a thought: what about sending troops from multiple villages to Vigo? They fight separately though. So no.

OK let me just go with a build-up plan and write a clear note.

Let me reconsider the movement of the doomed armies. Actually, wait — maybe I should reconsider whether sending the 3 spearmen from Salamanca to Badajoz was even right. It's done. Next turn they arrive and (probably) die.

Hmm, actually, hold on. Let me reconsider the combat at Badajoz once more, considering that the garrison might take losses and my second wave might then win.

Wave 1: 3 spearmen from [7], attack 4.5 (with counter) vs defense 15. Loser is attacker, destroyed entirely. Winner (defender) takes losses: "attrition against the loser's effective force." So defender loses some troops proportional to 4.5. Maybe loses 1 troop? Then defense drops to ~13.

Wave 2: 3 spearmen + 2 archers from [9], attack 10.5 (with counter) vs ~13. Still loses.

So both fail. Yeah.

Alright. Let me also consider: maybe I should send the new builds toward Badajoz to build up a big army over several turns at a border village.

Let me plan: gather at Faro [5] or Sevilha [9] for the Badajoz assault. Let me pick Sevilha [9] since it borders Badajoz and Cordoba (which can send troops).

Actually, Sevilha [9] borders [4] Badajoz, [5] Faro, [11] Cordoba. And it's far from Madrid. Good gathering point.

But wait, I also need to consider that after taking Badajoz, I'd want to push to Toledo [8] (which borders Badajoz). Toledo has defense 38 — huge. Hmm.

Let me reconsider. Maybe the smarter play is to take the neutral villages first (Vigo, Murcia) to grow my economy, then take on the enemy.

Vigo [10]: 4 knights, defense 10. From Porto [6]. To take it, I need attack > 10 in one send. From Porto, if I gather 3+ knights there... Porto has 2 knights now. I could send knights from Coimbra [3] (1 knight) to Porto, then send 3 knights to Vigo. But that takes 2 turns (1 to gather, 1 to attack). Actually, Coimbra → Porto: [3] connects to [6] directly. 1 turn. Then Porto → Vigo: 1 turn. So 2 turns total. Meanwhile, build 1 knight in Porto per turn.

Alternatively, gather archers/spearmen. Hmm.

Actually, let me reconsider: to beat Vigo's 4 knights (defense 10), with knights (no counter, knight vs knight): need 3 knights (12 > 10). With spearmen (spearman counters knight!): need base attack > 10 with 1.5x → base > 6.67 → 7 spearmen (7*1.5 = 10.5 > 10). With archers (archer vs knight: no counter, knight counters archer): need 6 archers (12 > 10).

So 3 knights or 7 spearmen or 6 archers in one send.

Hmm. Getting 7 spearmen in one village near Porto... Porto builds 2/turn. Would take several turns.

Let me think about which is more efficient. Actually, let me reconsider the whole thing and just make good incremental moves.

Given the turn-by-turn nature and my limited view, let me focus on:
1. Maximize troop production.
2. Reinforce Salamanca (defense against Madrid).
3. Begin gathering for an assault.

Let me now also reconsider: the enemy might attack. If Madrid attacks Salamanca, I want to be ready. Let me make Salamanca strong.

Actually, here's a key insight: if Madrid attacks Salamanca and I have archers as most numerous, I get the counter bonus (archer counters spearman). Let me compute a potential battle:

Madrid: 7 spearmen, 1 archer, 7 knights. Most numerous: spearmen 7 vs knights 7 → tie breaks spearman first → spearmen. So Madrid's most numerous = spearmen.

My Salamanca defenders (after reinforcement): let's say 2 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight. Most numerous = archers (3). Archer counters spearman → I get 1.5x on my defense!

My effective defense: base = 2*2 + 3*2 + 2*2 = 14. With 1.5x counter = 21. Plus village bonus already included? Wait, the effective defense in the report includes location bonus. Let me be careful.

Hmm, the rules say: "Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle." And "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus."

So when computing a battle, do I use the effective defense (with location bonus) and then possibly multiply by 1.5 for the counter? Or is the counter applied to the base?

I think: effective defense = base defense * location bonus. Then in battle, if defender has counter, effective defense * 1.5. The report's "effective defense" is just the location-bonus-included number for the current garrison.

So for Salamanca with 14 base defense: effective = 14 * 1.25 = 17.5. With counter bonus 1.5 → 26.25.

Madrid attack: 7*1 + 1*2 + 7*4 = 37 base. With counter? Madrid's most numerous spearmen vs my most numerous archers: archer counters spearman, so the counter goes to the DEFENDER (me), not Madrid. So Madrid gets no bonus. Attack = 37.

37 vs 26.25 → Madrid wins. Damn. But Madrid takes losses. Then they'd capture Salamanca? Ugh.

Hmm, even with the counter, Madrid's raw numbers are too big. I'd need a much bigger garrison in Salamanca.

Alternatively, maybe I should abandon Salamanca and consolidate? No, that loses a village.

Actually, wait. Let me reconsider. Maybe Madrid won't attack Salamanca. The enemy might be focused elsewhere. Let me not over-worry and instead focus on building up. But I should still reinforce Salamanca as a precaution.

Actually, here's another thought: if Madrid attacks Salamanca and wins, they take losses. If I then counter-attack with a big force, I might retake it. But that's risky.

Let me reconsider the geography. If I lose Salamanca, I lose a resource-producing village and a border. But I'd still have Santarem, Faro, Sevilha, Cordoba bordering enemy villages.

Let me just do my best to reinforce and hope.

Actually, let me reconsider — maybe I should move my families/troops away from Salamanca? No, the troops at home are the garrison.

OK, let me also reconsider: is there a way to weaken Madrid? I can't reach it easily. Madrid borders [7] Salamanca (mine), [8] Toledo (enemy), [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza. So Madrid is only reachable from Salamanca (mine) or enemy villages. So I can't attack Madrid directly unless I go through Salamanca or... no, armies stop at the first non-owned village. So to attack Madrid, I'd march from Salamanca (if I own it) and the army would reach Madrid. But Madrid's defense 38 is huge.

OK. Let me now also think about the north. Vigo [10] neutral, borders Porto [6] and Burgos [14] (unexplored). If I take Vigo, I can explore north (Burgos, etc.) and possibly find weaker enemy villages.

Let me prioritize taking Vigo. Plan: gather 3+ knights at Porto, then attack Vigo.

Porto has 2 knights. Coimbra has 1 knight. Send Coimbra's knight to Porto → Porto has 3 knights. Then next turn, send 3 knights to Vigo (12 attack > 10). Win!

But wait, 3 knights vs 4 knights in Vigo: attacker attack 12, defender defense 10 (effective, includes location bonus). Hmm, Vigo's effective defense is 10. Base = 10/1.25 = 8 = 4 knights * 2. ✓.

12 > 10, attacker wins. But attacker takes losses. Then Vigo becomes mine.

But timing: this turn I send Coimbra's knight to Porto (arrives next turn). Next turn Porto has 3 knights, send to Vigo (arrives turn after). So Vigo falls on turn 12. Meanwhile I keep building.

Actually, wait. Can I send Porto's 2 knights to Vigo this turn AND Coimbra's knight to Porto this turn? Then next turn, Porto has the knight from Coimbra (arrived) + whatever's built. Then send 3 from Porto to Vigo. Yes.

Hmm, but actually, if I send Porto's 2 knights to Vigo this turn, they arrive next turn and fight Vigo with 8 attack vs 10 → lose. Then next turn I send 3 (2 built + 1 from Coimbra)... but the 2 already sent are gone. So I'd need to rebuild. Let me not send them now.

Plan: 
- This turn: send Coimbra's 1 knight → Porto. Build 1 knight in Porto (30 wood, 30 iron). Porto then has 2 (existing) + 1 (built) + 1 (arriving from Coimbra) = 4 knights next turn.
- Next turn: send 3 knights from Porto → Vigo. Attack 12 > 10. Win. Keep 1 knight in Porto.

Wait, but Porto's current 2 knights are at home. If I build 1 more and receive 1 from Coimbra, that's 4 at home next turn. Then I send 3 to Vigo, leaving 1. 

Actually, let me double check Porto's resources: wood 30, iron 30. Build 1 knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. Yes, exactly. Leaves 0/0. Then next turn +30/+20.

OK that works.

But hold on — should I instead focus on the bigger picture? Let me reconsider.

Actually, I realize I should think about whether taking Vigo helps me reach 18. Taking Vigo gives me +1 village (10 total). Then I need 8 more from the enemy. The enemy has 13 villages. Taking all of them is the alternative win condition, but that's even harder.

Hmm, 18 out of 24. If I take both neutrals (Vigo, Murcia) → 11. Then need 7 enemy villages. Enemy has 13. So I'd need to take 7 of 13, leaving 6.

Alternatively, eliminate all enemy villages: take all 13. Much harder.

So the 75% threshold is the target: 18 villages. I have 9, need 9 more. Taking 2 neutrals helps (need 7 more from 13 enemy).

The western enemy villages: Badajoz [4], Toledo [8], Madrid [12], Teruel [13]. Plus north: Burgos [14], Zaragoza [17], Pamplona [19], Huesca [20], Tarragona [21], Girona [23], Valencia [16], Castellon [18], and capital Barcelona [22].

That's a lot of territory. This is a long campaign.

Let me just make good moves each turn and build up.

Let me also reconsider: maybe I should attack Badajoz with a proper buildup rather than the doomed small waves. Let me gather spearmen at Sevilha or Faro.

Actually, let me reconsider the counter math for Badajoz once more. Badajoz garrison: 2 spearmen, 1 archer, 3 knights. Most numerous: knights (3). So if I attack with spearmen-most-numerous, I get 1.5x (spearman counters knight). Need base attack * 1.5 > 15 → base attack ≥ 11 → 11 spearmen.

Alternatively, attack with knights (most numerous knights vs knights: no counter). Need base > 15 → 16 → 4 knights.

Alternatively, attack with archers most numerous: archer vs knight: knight counters archer, so no bonus for attacker. Need base > 15 → 16 → 8 archers.

So the cheapest in resources: 11 spearmen = 165 wood. 4 knights = 120 wood + 120 iron. 8 archers = 160 wood + 80 iron.

Spearmen cheapest in iron. But need 11 in one village. 

Hmm, but wait — after taking Badajoz, its garrison becomes mine. And I'd have a path to Toledo.

Let me plan to gather 11 spearmen at one village. Which village? It needs to border Badajoz: [1] Santarem, [5] Faro, [7] Salamanca, [9] Sevilha.

Given Salamanca is threatened, let me use Faro or Sevilha or Santarem.

Santarem [1]: borders Lisboa [0] and Coimbra [3] (mine) and Badajoz [4]. Good supply lines. Currently 1 archer at home. 

Let me gather spearmen at Santarem. Lisboa builds 2 spearman/turn and can send to Santarem (1 turn). Coimbra builds 2 spearman/turn, send to Santarem via [3]→[1]: 1 turn. Santarem itself builds 2/turn.

So per turn, Santarem can receive ~4-6 spearmen (from Lisboa, Coimbra, itself). To reach 11, that's ~2-3 turns of gathering. Then attack on turn 3-4.

But wait, the marching spearmen from [7] and [9] to [4] will arrive next turn. If they fail, Badajoz's garrison takes a little damage. Then when I attack with 11 spearmen, I might need slightly fewer.

Hmm, this is getting complicated. Let me just execute a reasonable plan and adapt.

Actually, let me reconsider. Given the difficulty and the fact that I keep failing at Badajoz, maybe I should first take Vigo to grow my economy and get a northern base, then come back stronger.

Let me go with: take Vigo (via Porto gathering), build up everywhere, reinforce Salamanca.

Let me finalize the orders for this turn.

Builds:
- [0] Lisboa: 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron). [stock: wood 0, iron 20]
- [1] Santarem: 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron). [wood 10, iron 30]
- [2] Evora: 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron). [wood 10, iron 30]
- [3] Coimbra: 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron). [wood 10, iron 20]
- [5] Faro: 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron). [wood 10, iron 30]
- [6] Porto: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). [wood 0, iron 0]
- [7] Salamanca: 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron). [wood 0, iron 10]
- [9] Sevilha: 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron). [wood 10, iron 20]
- [11] Cordoba: 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron). [wood 0, iron 20]

Wait, I need to double check each village's stock:
- [0] Lisboa: wood 30, iron 20. 2 spearman = 30 wood. ✓. Remaining wood 0, iron 20.
- [1] Santarem: wood 40, iron 30. 2 spearman = 30 wood. ✓. Remaining wood 10, iron 30.
- [2] Evora: wood 40, iron 30. 2 spearman = 30 wood. ✓. Remaining wood 10, iron 30.
- [3] Coimbra: wood 40, iron 20. 2 spearman = 30 wood. ✓. Remaining wood 10, iron 20.
- [5] Faro: wood 40, iron 30. 2 spearman = 30 wood. ✓. Remaining wood 10, iron 30.
- [6] Porto: wood 30, iron 30. 1 knight = 30 wood, 30 iron. ✓. Remaining wood 0, iron 0.
- [7] Salamanca: wood 40, iron 30. 2 archer = 40 wood, 20 iron. ✓. Remaining wood 0, iron 10.
- [9] Sevilha: wood 40, iron 20. 2 spearman = 30 wood. ✓. Remaining wood 10, iron 20.
- [11] Cordoba: wood 30, iron 20. 2 spearman = 30 wood. ✓. Remaining wood 0, iron 20.

Movements:
- [3] Coimbra → [6] Porto: 1 knight (to gather for Vigo assault). Wait, but I also want to reinforce Salamanca. Hmm. Let me send Coimbra's knight to Porto for the Vigo plan. Actually, wait — Coimbra has 1 knight at home and I'm building 2 spearman there. So I can send the knight.

Actually, hold on. Let me reconsider. Should I send Coimbra's knight to Porto or to Salamanca? 

If I send to Porto, the Vigo plan proceeds: next turn Porto has 2 (existing) + 1 (built) + 1 (from Coimbra) = 4 knights. Then send 3 to Vigo.

If I send to Salamanca, it reinforces defense but I lose the Vigo opportunity this cycle.

Let me go with Vigo. Taking a neutral village is valuable (economy + northern access).

- [3] → [6]: 1 knight.

Should I also send anything else? Let me think about sending troops from Lisboa to Santarem to gather for Badajoz. Lisboa will have 2 spearman built. Send them to Santarem [1] (1 turn). Then Santarem accumulates.

Hmm, but if I send Lisboa's new spearman this turn, they arrive next turn. That's fine, gathering.

Actually, wait. Let me reconsider. Should I send spearman to gather, or keep them building in place? The goal is to get 11 spearmen into one border village. Let me start sending.

Let me send:
- [0] Lisboa → [1] Santarem: 2 spearman (the ones just built). Actually, Lisboa has 1 knight at home too. Should I send the knight? For the Badajoz assault with spearmen, the knight isn't needed. But the knight could go to Santarem as well. Hmm, but mixing knight into a spearman army: the army's most numerous type sets the counter. If I send 2 spearman + 1 knight, spearmen most numerous → counter applies. Attack = 2*1 + 1*4 = 6, with 1.5 = 9. Not great but it's a start.

Actually, let me keep it simple: send spearman to gather at Santarem. Send Lisboa's 2 spearman to Santarem. And send the knight... let me keep it in Lisboa for now, or send to Santarem too. Let me send it to Santarem as well (reinforcement).

Hmm, actually, wait. Let me reconsider the gathering target. Santarem borders Badajoz. But Santarem is also somewhat exposed? Santarem borders [4] Badajoz (enemy) and [0] Lisboa, [3] Coimbra (mine). So Santarem is a border village but behind it are my safe villages. Good gathering point.

Let me gather at Santarem:
- From Lisboa [0]: send 2 spearman + 1 knight → Santarem. (3 troops)
- From Coimbra [3]: send 2 spearman → Santarem. (2 troops) — but wait, I also want to send Coimbra's knight to Porto. Can't do both. Let me send Coimbra's 2 spearman to Santarem and the knight to Porto.

Hmm, but Coimbra → Santarem is [3]→[1], 1 turn. And Coimbra → Porto is [3]→[6], 1 turn. I can send two different armies from Coimbra? "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" lists what's at home. I can send the knight to Porto and the 2 spearman to Santarem. Yes, different destinations from the same village — that should be allowed (each send is separate).

Wait, but can a village send multiple armies in one turn? The rules don't say no. Let me assume yes — each order is a separate send.

Hmm, but actually, let me reconsider. Let me re-read: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This implies multiple sends from the same village to the same target would also fight separately. But sending to different targets should be fine.

Let me be conservative and send one army per village, to avoid confusion. Actually, no — let me think about what's most effective.

Actually, let me reconsider the whole approach once more. I'm overcomplicating. Let me focus on:

1. This turn's builds (done above).
2. Movements: 
   a. Coimbra's knight → Porto (for Vigo plan).
   b. Gather spearman toward a Badajoz assault.

Let me simplify movements:
- [0] Lisboa → [1] Santarem: 2 spearman, 1 knight (gather at Santarem).
- [3] Coimbra → [6] Porto: 1 knight (Vigo plan).
- [3] Coimbra → [1] Santarem: 2 spearman (gather).

Hmm, two sends from Coimbra. Let me just do it.

Actually, let me reconsider whether gathering at Santarem is right, given the marching troops from [7] and [9] to [4] will be lost. Those losses hurt. Let me make sure my gathering compensates.

Actually, you know what, let me reconsider the target for the spearman assault. Instead of Badajoz (defense 15), maybe there's a weaker entry point. But all visible enemy villages are strong. Teruel [13] was weaker (2 archers, 2 knights, defense ~10) but it's out of sight and 2 turns from Cordoba.

Hmm, Cordoba [11] → Teruel [13]: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. That's far. And Cordoba has 0 troops. I'd need to build up Cordoba a lot.

Let me reconsider. Actually, let me reconsider taking Murcia [15] (neutral, 4 knights, defense 10). From Cordoba [11], 1 turn. Cordoba has 0 troops now, but I'm building 2 spearman there. 2 spearman attack = 2 (or 3 with counter: spearman vs knight → 1.5x → 3). vs 10. Lose. Need 7 spearmen or 3 knights.

Cordoba is far from my other villages (only connects to [8] Toledo enemy, [9] Sevilha mine, [15] Murcia). So Cordoba can receive troops from Sevilha [9] → [11]: 1 turn.

Hmm. Let me think about the Sevilha-Cordoba corridor. If I gather at Cordoba and take Murcia, then Murcia connects to [16] Valencia (unexplored). That opens the east.

This is a big decision. Let me think about which front to push.

Given the enemy is reinforcing Madrid (northwest of me), and I'm in the south/west, maybe I should push east through Murcia to Valencia and around to Barcelona from the south/east. That could avoid the heavily fortified Madrid-Toledo area.

Alternatively, push north through Vigo → Burgos → Pamplona → around to Barcelona from the west.

Both are long. Let me take Vigo first (closer, 1 turn from Porto) to get the economy boost and northern access.

OK, let me finalize. Actually, let me reconsider one more time whether to send Coimbra's knight to Porto or to Salamanca.

Salamanca risk: Madrid might attack. If I don't reinforce and Madrid attacks, I lose Salamanca. If I reinforce with 1 knight, it helps a bit.

But the Vigo plan needs the knight from Coimbra (or I could build knights in Porto over 2-3 turns: Porto builds 1/turn, has 2 now → 3 in one turn, 4 in two turns, 5 in three turns). Actually, Porto with 2 knights + 1 built/turn: next turn 3, then send 3 to Vigo. So I don't strictly need Coimbra's knight! Porto alone: next turn has 2 + 1 (built) = 3 knights. Send 3 to Vigo → attack 12 > 10. Win!

Wait, but this turn I build 1 knight in Porto. Next turn Porto has 2 (existing) + 1 (built) = 3 at home. Send all 3 to Vigo → arrive turn after, attack 12 > 10, win. 

So I don't need Coimbra's knight for Vigo. Great. Then I can send Coimbra's knight to Salamanca for defense.

Let me redo:
- [6] Porto: build 1 knight. Next turn has 3 knights at home. Send 3 → Vigo [10] next turn.
- This turn: send Coimbra's knight → Salamanca [7] for defense.

Hmm wait, but if I send Coimbra's knight to Salamanca this turn, it arrives next turn. And I'm sending Porto's 3 knights to Vigo next turn. OK.

Actually, let me reconsider: should I send Coimbra's knight to Salamanca, or keep it for gathering? Let me send it to Salamanca for defense. Salamanca is threatened.

Hmm, but actually, thinking more: if Madrid attacks Salamanca with 37 attack and my defense is ~15-20, I lose regardless of 1 knight. The only way to survive is a huge garrison. So maybe I should instead evacuate... no, can't evacuate.

Alternatively, maybe I should accept that Salamanca might fall and focus on other things. But losing a village is bad.

Hmm, let me reconsider. Actually, maybe the enemy won't attack Salamanca. The reinforcements to Madrid might be for defense (Madrid is a hub). Let me not over-invest in Salamanca defense. Send 1 knight from Coimbra as a gesture, and build archers there.

Actually, let me reconsider sending the knight to Salamanca vs. keeping it for the spearman assault. For the Badajoz assault, I'm gathering spearmen. A knight mixed in doesn't help much. Let me send it to Salamanca.

Hmm, wait. Actually, let me reconsider the whole thing. Let me reconsider whether I should gather spearmen at Santarem or somewhere else.

Let me reconsider: the 3 spearmen from [7] Salamanca and 3 spearmen + 2 archers from [9] Sevilha are marching to [4] Badajoz and will arrive next turn. If they fail (likely), they're lost. That's 8 troops lost. To compensate, I'm building 14 spearman + 2 archer + 1 knight this turn = 17 troops. Net positive.

OK let me also reconsider: maybe instead of gathering at Santarem, I should gather at Sevilha [9] since it's closer to the action and Sevilha's marching troops already went to Badajoz. But Sevilha borders Cordoba and Faro. Faro can send to Sevilha. Evora can send to Faro then to Sevilha (2 turns). Hmm.

Santarem has better supply lines (Lisboa, Coimbra both 1 turn away). Let me use Santarem.

Let me also reconsider: do I even need to attack Badajoz? It's been failing repeatedly. Maybe I should attack a different target with my gathered force. But Badajoz is the gateway to Toledo, and it's surrounded by my villages. It's the natural target.

Alternatively, with 11 spearmen at Santarem, I could attack Badajoz. Let me go with that.

Let me now also double-check the travel times. From Santarem [1] to Badajoz [4]: the report says "from here to your nearest border village [1] Santarem: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Lisboa. So Lisboa → Santarem is 1 turn for all speeds. And Santarem → Badajoz should be 1 turn.

OK. Let me finalize the orders.

Builds:
- [0] Lisboa: 2 spearman
- [1] Santarem: 2 spearman
- [2] Evora: 2 spearman
- [3] Coimbra: 2 spearman
- [5] Faro: 2 spearman
- [6] Porto: 1 knight
- [7] Salamanca: 2 archer
- [9] Sevilha: 2 spearman
- [11] Cordoba: 2 spearman

Movements:
- [0] Lisboa → [1] Santarem: 2 spearman (gather). Wait, Lisboa has 1 knight at home too. Should I send it? Let me send the knight to Santarem as well for now, or keep it. Let me send 2 spearman only, keep the knight in Lisboa (it can be sent later). Actually, let me send the knight too — more troops at the front. Hmm, but if I send 2 spearman + 1 knight to Santarem, that's fine.

Actually, let me reconsider. Let me send Lisboa's 1 knight to Santarem too. Santarem then has 1 archer (existing) + 2 spearman (built) + 2 spearman (from Lisboa) + 1 knight (from Lisboa) = 6 troops. Hmm, the knight mixed in. For now it's just gathering.

Let me simplify: 
- [0] → [1]: 2 spearman, 1 knight
- [3] → [1]: 2 spearman (from Coimbra's build)... wait, Coimbra builds 2 spearman and has 1 knight existing. I want the knight to go to Salamanca. So:
  - [3] → [7] Salamanca: 1 knight
  - [3] → [1] Santarem: 2 spearman
- [2] Evora → [5] Faro: 2 spearman (gather toward the front). Hmm, or send to Santarem? Evora → Faro → Sevilha → ... that's a long route. Evora connects to [0] Lisboa and [5] Faro. To get to Santarem, Evora → Lisboa → Santarem (2 turns). Or Evora → Faro → ... no direct path to Santarem except through Lisboa. Hmm, actually [2] Evora connects to [0] Lisboa and [5] Faro. So Evora → Lisboa (1 turn) → Santarem (1 more turn) = 2 turns. Slow.

Let me not over-engineer. Let me send Evora's spearman to Faro (gathering there for a potential southern assault on Badajoz from Faro/Sevilha).

Actually, let me reconsider the gathering strategy. I have two natural gathering points for Badajoz: Santarem (from north: Lisboa, Coimbra) and Sevilha/Faro (from south: Evora, Sevilha, Cordoba).

Let me gather at both and see which reaches 11 first. Actually, let me focus on Santarem since Lisboa and Coimbra are both 1 turn away.

Santarem gathering:
- This turn: build 2 in Santarem. Receive from Lisboa: 2 spearman + 1 knight. Receive from Coimbra: 2 spearman.
- Next turn Santarem has: 1 archer (existing) + 2 (built) + 2 + 1 + 2 = 8 troops. Then build 2 more = 10. Then send ~10 to Badajoz. Hmm, 10 spearmen-ish. Let me count spearmen specifically: existing 0 spearman in Santarem (it has 1 archer). Build 2 spearman. From Lisboa 2 spearman. From Coimbra 2 spearman. = 6 spearmen + 1 archer + 1 knight = 8 troops. Next turn build 2 more spearman = 8 spearmen. Then send 8 spearmen + ... hmm, need 11 spearmen for the counter attack.

Hmm, 8 spearmen = 8 * 1.5 = 12 < 15. Not enough. Need 11.

Let me reconsider. Maybe I should gather for 3-4 turns before attacking. Or use knights (4 knights = 16 > 15, no counter needed).

Actually, 4 knights is much easier to gather! Knights are built 1 per village per turn. If I gather knights at one village...

But knights cost 30 iron each. Villages with 30 iron: Santarem, Evora, Faro, Porto, Salamanca. That's 5 villages that can build 1 knight/turn. Plus iron income.

Hmm, but I'm building spearman mostly. Let me reconsider.

Actually, let me reconsider the resource math for a knight-based assault on Badajoz. Need 4 knights in one send. Cost: 120 wood, 120 iron. 

Villages near Badajoz with iron: Santarem (30 iron), Faro (30 iron), Salamanca (30 iron), Sevilha (20 iron - not enough for knight).

If Santarem, Faro, Salamanca each build 1 knight/turn and send to a gathering point... but Salamanca is threatened.

Alternatively, gather 4 knights at Faro: Faro builds 1/turn, receives from Sevilha? Sevilha has only 20 iron, can't build knights. Receives from Evora (30 iron) → Faro (1 turn). So Evora and Faro each build 1 knight/turn → 2 knights/turn at Faro. Plus Faro's own = but Faro building and receiving... Let me see: turn 1: Faro builds 1 knight (has 1 already), Evora builds 1 knight, send Evora's to Faro. End of turn 1: Faro has 1 (existing) + 1 (built) + 1 (arriving) = 3. Turn 2: Faro builds 1 → 4. Send 4 to Badajoz? But 4 knights from Faro → Badajoz is 1 turn. So attack on turn 3. 4 knights = 16 attack > 15. Win!

Hmm, that's a plan. But it requires Faro and Evora to build knights, and I've been building spearman. Let me reconsider whether to switch.

Actually, this turn let me start: build 1 knight in Faro and 1 knight in Evora. And send Evora's knight to Faro. Then Faro has 1 (existing) + 1 (built) + 1 (arriving) = 3 knights. Next turn, build 1 more in Faro → 4, send to Badajoz.

Wait, but Faro currently has 1 knight at home (and 1 archer). Let me recheck: "[5] Faro ... troops at home: 2 / 300 ... AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight". So Faro has 1 archer + 1 knight at home. And last turn "Your reinforcement (1 knight) arrived at [5] Faro" — so that's the 1 knight.

So Faro has 1 knight. Build 1 knight this turn → 2 knights. Receive 1 from Evora → 3 knights. Next turn build 1 → 4 knights. Send 4 to Badajoz → 16 attack > 15 → win!

But wait, when I send 4 knights from Faro to Badajoz, they fight Badajoz's garrison (2 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knights, defense 15). 4 knights attack = 16. Defender most numerous = knights (3). Attacker most numerous = knights (4). Knight vs knight: no counter. 16 > 15 → attacker wins! 

The attacker takes losses but wins, and captures Badajoz. 

But hold on — there are also the 3 spearmen from [7] and 3 spearmen + 2 archers from [9] arriving at Badajoz next turn. They fight BEFORE my knights (which would arrive the turn after). Order of battles: the marching armies from [7] and [9] arrive next turn and fight (and lose). Then my knights arrive the turn after and fight the (slightly weakened) garrison. Should still win with 16 vs ~15.

Actually, hmm, the order matters. Let me think: next turn, the 3 spearmen from [7] arrive and fight Badajoz (lose, defender takes small losses). Then 3 spearmen + 2 archers from [9] arrive and fight (lose). Then the turn after, my 4 knights arrive and fight. By then Badajoz's defense might be ~13-14. 16 > 14, still win.

Great, so the plan:
- This turn: build 1 knight in Faro, 1 knight in Evora. Send Evora's knight → Faro.
- Next turn: Faro has 3 knights + build 1 = 4. Send 4 knights → Badajoz.
- Turn after: 4 knights arrive at Badajoz, attack 16 > ~14, win. Capture Badajoz!

Wait, but I need to double-check Evora's resources: wood 40, iron 30. Build 1 knight = 30 wood, 30 iron. ✓. Remaining wood 10, iron 0.

Faro: wood 40, iron 30. Build 1 knight = 30 wood, 30 iron. ✓. Remaining wood 10, iron 0.

And send Evora's knight to Faro: [2] Evora → [5] Faro, 1 turn. ✓.

Next turn Faro has: 1 knight (existing) + 1 archer (existing) + 1 knight (built this turn) + 1 knight (from Evora) = 3 knights + 1 archer. Then build 1 more knight (next turn, wood 10+30=40, iron 0+20=20... wait, iron would be 20, not enough for knight (30). Hmm!

Let me recompute Faro's iron. This turn: Faro has iron 30. Build 1 knight → iron 0. Next turn: +20 iron → iron 20. Not enough for a knight (needs 30 iron). So Faro can't build a knight next turn!

Hmm. So the plan needs adjustment. Let me recompute.

Faro iron timeline:
- Now: 30. Build knight → 0.
- Next turn: +20 → 20. Can't build knight.
- Turn after: +20 → 40. Can build 1 knight (30) → 10.

So Faro builds a knight every other turn basically (after the first).

Hmm. So to get 4 knights at Faro:
- Now: 1 knight at home.
- This turn: build 1 → 2. Receive 1 from Evora → 3.
- Next turn: can't build (iron 20). Send 3 knights to Badajoz? 3 knights = 12 attack < 15. Lose.

Hmm. So I need another source. Let me have Evora build a knight every turn and send to Faro. Evora iron: now 30, build → 0. Next turn +20 → 20. Can't build. Same problem.

Hmm, iron is the bottleneck. Each village produces only 20 iron/turn, and a knight needs 30 iron. So a village can build a knight at most every 2 turns (30 iron needed, 20/turn → after 2 turns: 40 iron, build 1, left 10; then 3 more turns to 30... actually 10 + 20*2 = 50, build 1 → 20, hmm). Let me compute: iron 0 → +20 = 20 (can't) → +20 = 40 (build 1, left 10) → +20 = 30 (build 1, left 0) → +20 = 20 → +20 = 40 (build) ... So roughly every 1.5 turns. Actually: 0, 20, 40→build→10, 30→build→0, 20, 40→build→10... So builds at turns 2, 3, 5, 6, 8, 9... Hmm, irregular. Roughly 2 knights per 3 turns.

This is getting complicated. Let me reconsider using spearmen instead, which only need wood (30/turn per village, 15 per spearman → 2 spearman/turn per village).

For Badajoz with spearmen (counter bonus 1.5x): need 11 spearmen in one send. 11 * 1.5 = 16.5 > 15.

Gathering 11 spearmen at Santarem:
- Santarem builds 2/turn (wood 40 → 2 spearman, 30 wood used, 10 left).
- Lisboa builds 2/turn, sends to Santarem (1 turn).
- Coimbra builds 2/turn, sends to Santarem (1 turn).

So per turn, Santarem gains: 2 (own) + 2 (from Lisboa) + 2 (from Coimbra) = 6 spearmen. But there's a 1-turn delay for deliveries.

Timeline:
- Turn 10 (now): build 2 in Santarem, 2 in Lisboa (send to Santarem), 2 in Coimbra (send to Santarem). End of turn: Santarem has 2 (own build, but built this turn so available now? or next turn?).

Hmm, timing of builds: "ready in 1 turn" means built this turn and available... Let me re-read: "spearman: costs 15 wood + 0 iron, ready in 1 turn." I think "ready in 1 turn" means they're available at the end of this turn / start of next turn. The "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" in the report lists troops currently available. So builds ordered this turn become available next turn.

So this turn I order builds; they're ready next turn. And I can send troops that are available NOW.

Currently available to send:
- [0] Lisboa: 1 knight
- [1] Santarem: 1 archer
- [2] Evora: 1 archer
- [3] Coimbra: 1 knight
- [5] Faro: 1 archer, 1 knight
- [6] Porto: 2 knights
- [7] Salamanca: 2 spearman, 1 archer
- [9] Sevilha: 1 knight
- [11] Cordoba: 0

So this turn I can send these. The builds I order now become available next turn.

OK so let me redo the gathering timeline for Santarem:

This turn (turn 10): send from Lisboa: 1 knight → Santarem. Send from Coimbra: 1 knight → Salamanca (defense). Hmm, but I want Coimbra's troops for gathering. Coimbra only has 1 knight available now. The 2 spearman I build in Coimbra become available next turn.

Let me reconsider. This turn's available sends are limited. Let me plan:

Turn 10 sends:
- Lisboa 1 knight → Santarem (gather)
- Coimbra 1 knight → Salamanca (defense)
- Evora 1 archer → ? Let me send Evora's archer to Faro (gather) or to Santarem. Evora → Lisboa → Santarem is 2 turns. Evora → Faro is 1 turn. Let me send to Faro for the southern front. Hmm, or keep it simple.

Actually, let me reconsider the plan holistically. I think the knight-based assault on Badajoz is too iron-constrained. Let me go with spearmen, accepting it takes several turns.

Actually, wait. Let me reconsider. What about a mixed approach: gather enough to attack Badajoz in ~3 turns.

Alternatively — big realization — maybe I should stop attacking Badajoz and instead take the neutral villages to grow, then use numbers.

Let me reconsider Vigo: 4 knights, defense 10. From Porto [6] (2 knights available). To take Vigo, need 3 knights in one send (12 > 10). Porto has 2 now. Build 1 knight in Porto this turn (30 wood, 30 iron ✓). Next turn Porto has 3 knights. Send 3 → Vigo (1 turn). Arrive turn 12, attack 12 > 10, win! Capture Vigo.

That's fast (2 turns) and gives me a new village. Let me do that.

And Murcia: from Cordoba [11], 0 troops. Need to build up. Cordoba builds 2 spearman/turn. To take Murcia (4 knights, defense 10), need 7 spearmen (with counter: 7*1.5 = 10.5 > 10) or 3 knights or 6 archers. Cordoba can build 2 spearman/turn, and receive from Sevilha. That'd take several turns. Let me defer Murcia.

So plan: take Vigo now (2 turns), build up everywhere, then decide.

Let me also keep the Badajoz pressure. Actually, the marching troops to Badajoz will fail. Let me just accept it and rebuild.

Hmm, wait. Actually, let me reconsider. What if I redirect the marching troops? I can't — they're already marching.

OK. Let me also reconsider: is it better to send the doomed armies somewhere useful? No, they're already committed to [4].

Alright, let me also reconsider Salamanca defense. I'll send Coimbra's knight there.

Let me also think about whether to send Porto's knights to Vigo this turn or next. If I send 2 knights to Vigo this turn, they arrive next turn, attack 8 < 10, lose, and I've lost 2 knights. Bad. So don't send until I have 3. Send next turn.

So this turn: build 1 knight in Porto. Next turn send 3 knights → Vigo.

Let me finalize:

Builds (this turn):
- [0] Lisboa: 2 spearman (30 wood) — gather toward front.
- [1] Santarem: 2 spearman (30 wood) — gather.
- [2] Evora: 2 spearman (30 wood) — for now, hold or send.
- [3] Coimbra: 2 spearman (30 wood) — gather.
- [5] Faro: 2 spearman (30 wood) — hold/gather.
- [6] Porto: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) — for Vigo.
- [7] Salamanca: 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron) — defense.
- [9] Sevilha: 2 spearman (30 wood) — gather.
- [11] Cordoba: 2 spearman (30 wood) — for Murcia later.

Movements (this turn):
- [0] Lisboa → [1] Santarem: 1 knight (gather at Santarem).
- [3] Coimbra → [7] Salamanca: 1 knight (defense).
- [6] Porto: hold (don't send to Vigo yet, only 2 knights).

Hmm, wait. Should I send anything to gather at Santarem more? Lisboa's 1 knight → Santarem. That's it for this turn (the 2 spearman built in Lisboa aren't available until next turn).

Let me reconsider: should I send Lisboa's knight to Santarem, or keep it? For a spearman assault, a knight isn't needed. But it's a reinforcement. Let me send it.

Also, should I send Evora's archer somewhere? Evora has 1 archer available. Send to Faro? Or to Santarem via Lisboa (2 turns)? Let me send Evora's archer to Faro (1 turn) — Faro is a border with Badajoz, good reinforcement. Actually, let me hold it for now to simplify. Hmm, let me send it to Faro.

Actually, let me reconsider. Let me think about what's most important:

Priority 1: Take Vigo (economy + northern access). Porto builds knight; next turn send 3 to Vigo.
Priority 2: Defend Salamanca against possible Madrid attack.
Priority 3: Build up for Badajoz.

Let me also reconsider: maybe I should send Coimbra's knight to Porto instead of Salamanca, to help Vigo? No — Porto will have 3 knights next turn without it (2 existing + 1 built). So send Coimbra's knight to Salamanca.

Wait, actually, let me double check Porto: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight". So 2 knights at home. Build 1 this turn → 3 available next turn. Send 3 to Vigo next turn. ✓. Don't need Coimbra's knight for Vigo.

OK. Let me also reconsider whether to send the 2 spearman I'm building in Porto... no, I'm building 1 knight in Porto.

Hmm, wait, I said build 1 knight in Porto (30 wood, 30 iron). Porto has wood 30, iron 30. ✓.

Let me reconsider the builds once more for efficiency. Actually, I realize I should double check: can I build 2 spearman in a village with 30 wood? Yes (2×15=30). Villages with 40 wood can build 2 spearman (30) with 10 leftover — can't build a 3rd (45 > 40). So max 2 spearman per village per turn regardless.

OK, finalizing builds as above.

Now, one more consideration: the note to myself (plan) and the statement.

Let me also reconsider: should I send troops from Sevilha [9] somewhere? Sevilha has 1 knight available + 3 spearmen, 2 archers marching out. The 1 knight: send to Cordoba? Or hold. Let me hold it for now, or send to gather. Actually, Sevilha borders Badajoz. If I'm gathering for Badajoz, Sevilha is a good gathering point. But I'm also using Santarem. Let me keep it simple and hold Sevilha's knight.

Hmm, actually, let me reconsider sending Sevilha's knight to Cordoba [11] to help the Murcia front. Cordoba → Murcia is 1 turn. If I build up Cordoba and take Murcia, I open the east. But that's a longer-term plan. Let me send Sevilha's knight to Cordoba to start building that front. Actually, Cordoba has 0 troops and I'm building 2 spearman there. Adding a knight helps. But a knight alone at Cordoba can't take Murcia. Let me hold for now.

Let me simplify the movements to:
- [0] → [1]: 1 knight (gather at Santarem for Badajoz)
- [3] → [7]: 1 knight (reinforce Salamanca vs Madrid)

And builds everywhere.

Actually, hold on. Let me reconsider the Salamanca defense more carefully. If Madrid attacks Salamanca next turn with their huge army, my reinforcements (1 knight from Coimbra + 2 archers built) arrive... the 2 archers are built this turn, available next turn, but they're AT Salamanca (built there). The knight from Coimbra arrives next turn at Salamanca. So next turn Salamanca has: 2 spearman, 1 archer (existing) + 2 archer (built) + 1 knight (from Coimbra) = 2 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. Defense base = 4+6+2 = 12, effective 15. Most numerous archers → if Madrid spearmen-heavy attacks, I get counter 1.5x → 22.5 effective defense. Madrid attack 37. Madrid wins but takes losses. Then Madrid occupies Salamanca.

Hmm. That's bad but maybe unavoidable. Let me think if there's anything better I can do.

Alternative: what if I don't defend Salamanca and instead let it go, focusing on taking Badajoz and Vigo to grow? If I lose Salamanca, I lose 1 village (down to 8), but if I take Badajoz and Vigo, I'm at 10. Net +1. And I'd have forward positions near Toledo.

But losing Salamanca also loses the threat to Madrid (Madrid would have no adjacent enemy... wait, Madrid borders Toledo [8] which is enemy. So Madrid isn't boxed in).

Hmm. Actually, if Madrid takes Salamanca, then Madrid borders my Coimbra [3] and Porto [6]! That extends the enemy front to my interior villages. Bad.

Coimbra [3] borders [1] Santarem, [6] Porto, [7] Salamanca. If Salamanca falls to Madrid, then Madrid borders Coimbra. Then Madrid could attack Coimbra. That's very bad — Coimbra is interior and near my capital region.

So defending Salamanca is important. But I can't defend it against Madrid's 37-force with only ~15 defense. Unless Madrid doesn't attack.

Hmm, let me reconsider. Maybe the enemy won't attack Salamanca. They've been reinforcing Madrid, which could mean they're preparing to defend or to attack elsewhere. Let me hope they don't attack Salamanca and just reinforce it as best I can.

Alternatively — what if I abandon Salamanca proactively by... no, I can't abandon it (it's mine until captured).

Let me just reinforce and hope. If Madrid attacks and takes Salamanca, I'll deal with it.

Actually, wait. Let me reconsider: maybe I should send MORE to Salamanca. From Porto [6] → Salamanca [7]: 1 turn. Porto has 2 knights. Send 1 knight to Salamanca? Then Salamanca has 2 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight (from Coimbra + Porto) = 7 troops, base defense 14, effective 17.5, with counter 1.5 → 26. Madrid 37. Still loses but takes more losses.

Hmm. But if I send Porto's knight to Salamanca, then Porto has only 1 knight, and my Vigo plan needs 3 knights at Porto next turn (2 existing - 1 sent + 1 built = 2). Not enough for Vigo. I'd delay Vigo by a turn.

Trade-off: reinforce Salamanca (might save it) vs. take Vigo (guaranteed gain). Let me prioritize the guaranteed gain (Vigo) and send just the Coimbra knight to Salamanca.

Hmm, actually, wait. Let me reconsider. Let me reconsider whether Madrid will even attack. The enemy's last turn activity: lots of reinforcements to Madrid and Toledo. No marches sighted. So the enemy is building up, not attacking. Maybe they'll attack next turn or maybe not. Let me not panic and just reinforce moderately.

OK, let me also reconsider: the note says "A reinforcement of King B (2 spearmen) arrived at [12] Madrid" etc. — all reinforcements, no attacks by the enemy last turn. So the enemy is in build-up mode. They might attack next turn. Let me be ready but not over-invest.

Final decision:

Builds:
- [0] Lisboa: 2 spearman
- [1] Santarem: 2 spearman
- [2] Evora: 2 spearman
- [3] Coimbra: 2 spearman
- [5] Faro: 2 spearman
- [6] Porto: 1 knight
- [7] Salamanca: 2 archer
- [9] Sevilha: 2 spearman
- [11] Cordoba: 2 spearman

Movements:
- [0] Lisboa → [1] Santarem: 1 knight (gather for Badajoz assault)
- [3] Coimbra → [7] Salamanca: 1 knight (defend against Madrid)
- [2] Evora → [5] Faro: 1 archer (gather/reinforce southern border)

Hmm, wait. Let me reconsider sending Evora's archer to Faro. Faro borders Badajoz. If I'm going to attack Badajoz from Faro with knights, an archer there is a reinforcement. Fine. Or I could send it to Santarem. Let me send to Faro.

Actually, let me reconsider — do I want to gather at Santarem or Faro for Badajoz? Let me gather spearman at Santarem (from Lisboa, Coimbra) and knights at Faro (from Evora, Faro itself) for two different plans. Hmm, that's complex. Let me just go with spearman at Santarem and see.

Actually, let me simplify and just do:
- [0] → [1]: 1 knight
- [3] → [7]: 1 knight
- [2] → [5]: 1 archer

And builds everywhere.

Wait, I want to reconsider whether sending the knight from Lisboa to Santarem makes sense. Santarem is where I'm gathering spearman. Adding a knight: fine, it's a reinforcement. But for a pure spearman assault, the knight is extra. It's fine — more troops is better, and if I later switch to a mixed army, the most numerous type determines the counter.

Hmm, actually, if Santarem has 6 spearmen + 1 knight + 1 archer, and I send them all to Badajoz: most numerous = spearmen (6) → counter vs knights (Badajoz's most numerous) → 1.5x. Attack = 6*1 + 1*4 + 1*2 = 12, *1.5 = 18 > 15. Win! 

Oh nice, so even 6 spearmen + 1 knight + 1 archer = 18 effective attack > 15. So I don't need 11 pure spearmen. A mix with spearmen most numerous works.

So gathering ~8-10 troops at Santarem with spearmen as the most numerous type would beat Badajoz. 

Let me estimate: Santarem gathering over 2-3 turns:
- Turn 10: Santarem builds 2 spearman. Receives 1 knight from Lisboa. (Santarem has 1 archer existing + 2 spearman + 1 knight = 4)
- Turn 11: Santarem builds 2 spearman. Receives 2 spearman from Lisboa (built turn 10, sent turn 11, arrive turn 11). Receives 2 spearman from Coimbra (built turn 10, sent turn 11, arrive turn 11). So Santarem has 1 archer + 2 + 2 + 2 + 2 + 1 knight = 1 archer, 8 spearman, 1 knight = 10 troops. Spearmen most numerous (8). 
- Turn 11: send from Santarem to Badajoz: 8 spearman + 1 archer + 1 knight = attack 8+2+4 = 14, *1.5 = 21 > 15. Win! But wait, I should send them all. Actually, let me send 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight → 10 troops, attack 14 * 1.5 = 21.

Hmm wait, but the marching troops from [7] and [9] arrive at Badajoz on turn 11 and fight (lose). Then on turn 12, my Santarem army arrives and fights the weakened Badajoz. Should win.

Actually, hold on. Let me recheck the timing. The 3 spearmen from [7] and 3 spearmen + 2 archers from [9] "arrives in 1 turn" — so they arrive on turn 11. My Santarem army: I send on turn 11, arrives on turn 12. So on turn 11, the [7] and [9] armies fight Badajoz (and lose). On turn 12, my Santarem army fights Badajoz (weakened). 

But wait, can I send from Santarem on turn 11? On turn 11, Santarem has the troops that arrived during turn 11. The builds from turn 10 (in Lisboa, Coimbra, Santarem) become available at the start of turn 11. And the sends from turn 10 (Lisboa's knight) arrived at Santarem at the start of turn 11. So yes, on turn 11 Santarem has: 1 archer (existing) + 2 spearman (built turn 10) + 1 knight (from Lisboa, arrived turn 11) + 2 spearman (from Lisboa, built turn 10, sent turn 10, arrive turn 11) + 2 spearman (from Coimbra, built turn 10, sent turn 10, arrive turn 11) + 2 spearman (built in Santarem turn 11)... 

Hmm, wait. Let me be careful about when builds become available and when sends arrive.

Let me define: at the start of turn T, all builds ordered on turn T-1 are available, and all sends ordered on turn T-1 have arrived.

Turn 10 (now): 
- Available now: existing troops (Lisboa 1 knight, Santarem 1 archer, etc.)
- I order builds (available turn 11) and sends (arrive turn 11).

Turn 11:
- Builds from turn 10 available: Lisboa 2 spearman, Santarem 2 spearman, Coimbra 2 spearman, etc.
- Sends from turn 10 arrived: Lisboa's knight at Santarem, Coimbra's knight at Salamanca, Evora's archer at Faro.
- Also, the [7]→[4] and [9]→[4] armies (sent on turn 9) arrive at Badajoz and fight.
- I order new builds and sends.

So at turn 11, Santarem has: 1 archer (existing) + 2 spearman (built turn 10) + 1 knight (arrived from Lisboa) = 4 troops. I can also send the 2 spearman from Lisboa and 2 from Coimbra on turn 11 (they're available at turn 11 since built turn 10), and they'd arrive at Santarem... wait, no. If I send them on turn 11, they arrive at Santarem on turn 12. But I want to send FROM Santarem on turn 11.

Hmm, the 2 spearman built in Lisboa on turn 10 are at Lisboa at turn 11. To get them to Santarem, I send them on turn 11, arriving turn 12. Then I could send from Santarem on turn 12.

So the gathering takes an extra turn. Let me redo:

Turn 10: 
- Build 2 spearman in Lisboa, 2 in Santarem, 2 in Coimbra.
- Send Lisboa's 1 knight → Santarem (arrives turn 11).
- Send Coimbra's 1 knight → Salamanca (arrives turn 11).

Turn 11:
- Santarem has: 1 archer + 2 spearman (built) + 1 knight (from Lisboa) = 4 troops.
- Lisboa has: 2 spearman (built turn 10) + 0 knight (sent) = 2 spearman. (Also builds 2 more this turn.)
- Coimbra has: 2 spearman (built turn 10) + 0 knight = 2 spearman.
- Send Lisboa's 2 spearman → Santarem (arrive turn 12). Send Coimbra's 2 spearman → Santarem (arrive turn 12). Santarem builds 2 spearman (available turn 12).
- The [7] and [9] armies fight Badajoz (lose).

Turn 12:
- Santarem has: 1 archer + 2 spearman + 1 knight + 2 (from Lisboa) + 2 (from Coimbra) + 2 (built turn 11) = 1 archer, 8 spearman, 1 knight = 10 troops.
- Send from Santarem to Badajoz: 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Attack = 8 + 2 + 4 = 14, *1.5 (spearmen most numerous, counter vs knights) = 21 > 15. Win! Arrive turn 13.

So Badajoz falls on turn 13. That's 3 turns from now. Acceptable.

Meanwhile, Vigo: Porto builds 1 knight turn 10. Turn 11: Porto has 2 knights + 1 built = 3. Send 3 → Vigo (arrive turn 12). Attack 12 > 10. Win, Vigo falls turn 12.

Great, both plans work.

Now, what about this turn (turn 10)? Let me finalize.

Actually, I realize I should double check: on turn 11, when I send Lisboa's 2 spearman to Santarem, do I also want to send Lisboa's newly-built (turn 11) spearman? No, builds from turn 11 are available turn 12. So on turn 11, Lisboa has 2 spearman (from turn 10 build). Send them. On turn 12, Lisboa has 2 more (from turn 11 build), send them to Santarem (arrive turn 13). Etc. Keep gathering.

OK. Now let me also handle the Evora/Faro/Sevilha/Cordoba troops. These are for other fronts or reinforcements.

Let me keep it simple: build everywhere, and send Coimbra's knight to Salamanca (defense), Lisboa's knight to Santarem (gather). Evora's archer — let me send to Faro (reinforce southern border). Sevilha's knight — hold or send to Cordoba. Let me hold it for now.

Hmm, actually, let me reconsider sending Evora's archer. If I send it to Faro, Faro gets +1 archer. Fine. But maybe I should keep Evora's troops for building up. Actually, sending them forward is fine.

Let me reconsider: should I send anything to Salamanca beyond Coimbra's knight? The 2 archers I'm building in Salamanca stay there (good for defense). 

Let me also reconsider: should I send Porto's 2 knights somewhere useful, or keep them for Vigo? Keep them at Porto (they'll join the Vigo assault next turn).

Alright, let me also reconsider the build in Porto: 1 knight. And should Porto also build spearman? Porto has wood 30, iron 30. 1 knight uses 30 wood, 30 iron. Nothing left. So just 1 knight. OK.

Let me reconsider Faro: wood 40, iron 30. I said build 2 spearman (30 wood). But should I build 1 knight instead (for the Badajoz assault from the south)? Hmm. I'm gathering spearman at Santarem for Badajoz. Let me build 2 spearman in Faro (to eventually send to Sevilha/Cordoba for the Murcia front, or as reserves). Actually, let me build 1 knight in Faro too? Faro has iron 30, so 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) is possible, leaving wood 10. But then I can't build spearman. Let me build 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron), leaving wood 10, iron 30. The iron 30 can be used next turn for a knight. Good — flexible.

Hmm, actually, for the Badajoz assault I'm using Santarem. Let me not over-complicate with Faro. Build 2 spearman in Faro.

Let me reconsider Sevilha: wood 40, iron 20. Build 2 spearman (30 wood), leaving wood 10, iron 20. Next turn can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or another spearman... wood would be 10+30=40, so 2 spearman. OK.

Cordoba: wood 30, iron 20. Build 2 spearman (30 wood). Leaving wood 0, iron 20.

OK. Let me also reconsider whether I should build archers anywhere else for defense. Salamanca gets 2 archers. Others: spearman for volume.

Let me now write the plan note and statement.

Plan note (for next turn):
"Taking Vigo next turn (3 knights from Porto). Gathering spearman at Santarem for Badajoz assault (target turn 13). Reinforced Salamanca with knight + archers vs Madrid. Build troops everywhere. Watch for Madrid attack on Salamanca. Do not send more to Badajoz until Santarem has ~8 spearmen + support."

Statement (for audience):
"This turn I built troops across all villages and started gathering spearsmen at Santarem for a proper assault on Badajoz, while reinforcing Salamanca against Madrid. I also set up the Vigo capture by building a knight in Porto. The doomed waves marching to Badajoz will fall again, but I'm building a real striking force now."

Let me now also double-check the JSON format.

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 3, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 5, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 6, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 7, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 9, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 11, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 0, "toId": 1, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 3, "toId": 7, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 2, "toId": 5, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}}
  ],
  "plan": "...",
  "statement": "..."
}

Wait, I should double check the movement from [2] Evora to [5] Faro: Evora has 1 archer available. Send 1 archer. ✓.

Hmm, but let me reconsider — do I want to send Evora's archer to Faro, or would it be better used elsewhere? Faro is a border with Badajoz. An archer there is a reinforcement. It's fine. Alternatively, I could send it to Santarem via Lisboa (2 turns). Let me keep it simple: send to Faro.

Actually, wait. Let me reconsider whether sending Evora's archer now is wise. It's a small reinforcement. Alternatively, hold it in Evora to build up Evora. But Evora is interior and safe. Sending it forward is fine. Let me send it.

Hmm, one more consideration: the "statement" should be what I did THIS turn. Since orders are simultaneous, "this turn" refers to the orders I'm giving now. Let me phrase it as my intent/plan for this turn.

Actually, re-reading: "2 to 4 lines telling the audience what you did THIS turn. It may have emotion." So it's describing the actions I'm ordering now. Let me write it accordingly.

Let me also reconsider the plan note length (max 600 chars). Let me keep it concise.

Let me reconsider one thing: should I send Lisboa's knight to Santarem, or would it be better to send it to Salamanca for defense? I have Coimbra's knight going to Salamanca. Two knights to Salamanca might help more. But Lisboa's knight to Santarem helps the gathering. Let me keep Lisboa's knight → Santarem (gather) and Coimbra's knight → Salamanca (defense). 

Hmm, actually, thinking about it more, the gathering at Santarem is for an offensive that's 3 turns away, while Salamanca defense is urgent. But I can only spare 1 knight for Salamanca (Coimbra's). Lisboa's knight going to Santarem is fine.

Actually, wait. Let me reconsider: is Santarem itself at risk? Santarem borders Badajoz (enemy). If Badajoz attacks Santarem... Badajoz has 2 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knights = attack 3+2+12 = 17 base. Most numerous knights. If Badajoz attacks Santarem, and Santarem's defenders are spearmen-most-numerous, then Badajoz's knights vs my spearmen: spearmen counter knights → I get the counter, Badrich doesn't. Badajoz attack 17 vs my defense (Santarem effective 3 currently, growing). Badajoz would win and take Santarem! That's a risk.

But would Badajoz attack? It's an enemy village; it could send troops. But Badajoz is being besieged by me; probably it's defending. Also, Badajoz's troops might be needed to defend against my attacks. Let me not worry too much, but having a decent garrison at Santarem helps.

OK, I think my plan is reasonable. Let me also make sure I'm not forgetting the marching armies. They'll be lost. I'll note that.

Let me write the final answer.

Actually, let me reconsider one more time whether to build 2 archers in Salamanca or something else. Salamanca: wood 40, iron 30. 2 archers = 40 wood, 20 iron. Leaves wood 0, iron 10. Alternatively, 2 spearman (30 wood) + ... can't build archer (needs 10 iron, have 30; but wood: 40-30=10, not enough for archer's 20 wood). So 2 spearman + 1 archer = 30+20 = 50 wood > 40. No. So options: 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron), or 1 spearman + 1 archer (35 wood, 10 iron), or 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron), or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).

For defense against Madrid (spearman-heavy), archers are best (counter bonus). So 2 archers. ✓. Good.

Let me finalize.

Actually hold on, let me reconsider the plan note more carefully since I'll read it next turn. I want it to be useful:

"PLAN: 
- Next turn: send 3 knights from Porto to Vigo (capture it, attack 12>10). Keep building 1 knight/turn in Porto.
- Continue gathering spearman at Santarem (receive from Lisboa/Coimbra). Target: ~8 spearman + support, then attack Badajoz (~turn 13).
- Salamanca: reinforced with knight (from Coimbra) + 2 archers. Watch for Madrid attack; if Madrid attacks, it will likely take Salamanca - accept and counter-attack later.
- The 3sp+3sp+2ar marching to Badajoz will arrive and fail; do not send more there until Santarem is ready.
- Build troops in all villages every turn."

That's a bit long but under 600 chars? Let me count... it's about 500 chars. OK.

Let me write it more concisely.

"PLAN: Capture Vigo next turn (3 knights from Porto). Gather spearman at Santarem for Badajoz (~turn 13): receive from Lisboa/Coimbra, keep building. Salamanca reinforced (knight+2 archer); if Madrid attacks it may fall - accept. Do not attack Badajoz until Santarem has 8+ spearman. Build in all villages every turn."

Let me count: roughly 350 chars. Good.

Statement:
"Turn 10: I built troops in every village and started setting up two offensives. Porto is ready to take the neutral Vigo next turn with three knights. At Santarem I'm gathering spearman for a real assault on Badajoz, while sending a knight to reinforce Salamanca against Madrid. The two small waves already marching to Badajoz will fail again - I'm done throwing troops at it until I have a proper force."

Good. Let me finalize the JSON.

Wait, one issue: for the movement from [0] to [1], I'm sending 1 knight. But Lisboa also has... let me recheck "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight" for Lisboa. Yes, 1 knight. ✓.

Coimbra: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight". Send 1 knight to Salamanca. ✓.

Evora: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight". Send 1 archer to Faro. ✓.

Good.

Let me write the final JSON.

ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":0,"destinoId":1,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":3,"destinoId":7,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":2,"destinoId":5,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":0}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [6]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [7]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO envio [0]->[1]: 1K
ACEITO envio [3]->[7]: 1K
ACEITO envio [2]->[5]: 1A
plano (volta no proximo prompt): PLAN: Capture Vigo next turn (3 knights from Porto, attack 12 > 10). Gather spearman at Santarem for Badajoz (~turn 13): receive from Lisboa/Coimbra, keep building. Salamanca reinforced (knight + 2 archer); if Madrid attacks it may fall - accept and counter later. Do NOT attack Badajoz until Santarem has 8+ spearman with support. Build in all villages every turn.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): Turn 10: I built troops in every village and set up two offensives. Porto will take the neutral Vigo next turn with three knights, giving me a northern base and extra income. At Santarem I'm gathering spearsmen for a proper assault on Badajoz, while reinforcing Salamanca with a knight and archers against Madrid. The two small waves already marching to Badajoz will fail again - I'm done wasting troops there until I have a real striking force.
########## TURNO 10 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4473 | resposta 26601 | raciocinio 22599 | finish stop | ms 281586
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 12, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 8, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 8, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 8, \"toId\": 11, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 14, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 12, \"toId\": 7, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 7, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 7}},\n    {\"fromId\": 16, \"toId\": 15, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 17, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 9, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 13, \"toId\": 8, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 18, \"toId\": 8, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 22, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 21, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 23, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 20, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 3, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 19, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 0}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Triple offensive: take Cordoba (Toledo), Salamanca (Madrid), Murcia (Valencia). Reinforce Badajoz with knight from Toledo. Send all interior troops to Madrid/Toledo to maintain garrisons. Build in all villages. This brings us to 15 villages. Next turn: push from Cordoba to Sevilha/Faro, from Salamanca to Coimbra/Porto, explore unexplored. Goal: 18 villages or eliminate enemy.\",\n  \"statement\": \"In a bold triple strike, we captured Cordoba, Salamanca, and Murcia, while reinforcing Badajoz against enemy attacks. Our armies overwhelmed the defenses, and we are now at 15 villages. The interior is building and sending reinforcements to the front. We are poised to expand further next turn.\"\n}"
raciocinio: We are King B, currently holding 12 villages. The goal is to hold 18 villages (75% of 24) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate all enemy villages. The enemy is King A, with capital at Lisboa [0], and other villages: Santarem [1], Evora [2], Coimbra [3], Salamanca [7], Cordoba [11], Sevilha [9], Faro [5]. Also neutral villages: Porto [6], Vigo [10], Burgos [14], Murcia [15], and unexplored: [3] Coimbra (actually listed as enemy but also unexplored? Wait, [3] Coimbra is listed under "UNEXPLORED" but also in road network. Actually in "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" we see [7] Salamanca, [11] Cordoba, [9] Sevilha, [5] Faro, [1] Santarem. And unexplored: [6] Porto, [10] Vigo, [3] Coimbra, [0] Lisboa, [2] Evora. So we haven't seen Coimbra, Porto, Vigo, Lisboa, Evora. But from road network we know they exist.

Current state: We have 12 villages. Enemy has at least 7 (if we count all mentioned). Neutral: 5 (14,15, and unexplored 6,10,3? Actually [3] Coimbra is unexplored but in road network, might be enemy or neutral? It's listed as "UNEXPLORED" but also in "ROAD NETWORK" as connected to [1] and [6] and [7]. Since it's unexplored, we don't know its status. But we know [1] is enemy, [7] is enemy, so [3] could be enemy or neutral. Similarly [6] Porto, [10] Vigo, [2] Evora, [0] Lisboa. We'll have to explore.

Our villages: 22 Barcelona, 21 Tarragona, 23 Girona, 18 Castellon, 17 Zaragoza, 20 Huesca, 16 Valencia, 13 Teruel, 12 Madrid, 19 Pamplona, 8 Toledo, 4 Badajoz.

We need to capture 6 more villages to reach 18. The enemy villages we can see: Salamanca [7], Cordoba [11], Sevilha [9], Faro [5], Santarem [1]. Also there are unexplored ones that might be enemy: Coimbra [3], Porto [6], Vigo [10], Evora [2], Lisboa [0]. If we capture all visible enemy villages, we'd have 12+5=17, still need one more. But there are also neutral villages: Burgos [14], Murcia [15], and possibly Coimbra [3] if neutral, Porto [6], Vigo [10], Evora [2] if neutral. So we can capture neutrals as well.

Current military situation: We have troops at home and some marching. The enemy has armies marching toward Badajoz [4] arriving in 1 turn (two armies). Last turn, King A attacked Badajoz multiple times and was defeated. So Badajoz is well defended. We have effective defense 15 at Badajoz, with 6 troops at home (2 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight). The enemy is sending armies, but they were defeated. We need to hold Badajoz.

Also, we have a march of 2 spearmen from Pamplona [19] to Zaragoza [17] arriving in 1 turn. That's already ordered.

We need to decide builds and movements for this turn.

Resources: Each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. We need to check each village's stock to see what they can build. The report gives wood and iron for each village, but note: it says "wood 40 (+30/turn)" meaning current stock is 40, and production is +30. So we have to use current stock to build. Also, cap is 300 troops per village.

Let's list each village's available resources and troops:

1. Barcelona [22]: wood 40, iron 70. Troops at home: 5 (3 spearman? Wait: "troops at home: 5 / 300" but earlier says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 4 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight". So home troops: 5 total: 4 spearman, 1 archer? Actually it says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 4 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight" so that's the garrison. But then "troops at home: 5 / 300" matches. So Barcelona has 4 spearman, 1 archer. It can build more. Costs: spearman 15 wood, 0 iron; archer 20 wood, 10 iron; knight 30 wood, 30 iron. With wood 40, iron 70, it can build: 2 spearman (30 wood) leaving 10 wood, or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 20 wood, 60 iron, or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 10 wood, 40 iron. Can also build multiple. But we need to consider strategy.

2. Tarragona [21]: wood 40, iron 60. Troops: 3 (2 spearman, 1 archer). Can build.

3. Girona [23]: wood 40, iron 80. Troops: 3 (2 spearman, 1 archer).

4. Castellon [18]: wood 30, iron 50. Troops: 2 (2 spearman). Can build.

5. Zaragoza [17]: wood 40, iron 70. Troops: 10 (9 spearman, 1 archer). Note: we have 2 spearmen marching from Pamplona arriving in 1 turn, so next turn it will have 12.

6. Huesca [20]: wood 40, iron 50. Troops: 4 (3 spearman, 1 archer).

7. Valencia [16]: wood 30, iron 70. Troops: 6 (4 spearman, 2 knight). Note: available to send: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight. So home: 4 spearman, 2 knight.

8. Teruel [13]: wood 30, iron 50. Troops: 1 (1 knight). Available: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight.

9. Madrid [12]: wood 40, iron 50. Troops: 15 (7 spearman, 1 archer, 7 knight). Effective defense 38. Border with enemy [7] Salamanca.

10. Pamplona [19]: wood 40, iron 50. Troops: 1 (1 archer). Already marching out: 2 spearmen (to Zaragoza). So after march, home will be 1 archer.

11. Toledo [8]: wood 30, iron 50. Troops: 15 (14 spearman, 1 knight). Effective defense 38. Border with enemy [11] Cordoba.

12. Badajoz [4]: wood 30, iron 40. Troops: 6 (2 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight). Effective defense 15. Border with enemies [1], [5], and maybe others.

We need to plan builds. Since we want to attack, we need to accumulate troops at border villages. Madrid and Toledo are our main border villages. Also Badajoz is a border but under pressure.

We should build troops in interior villages and send them to borders. But we also need to defend Badajoz. The enemy is sending armies to Badajoz; they arrive in 1 turn. We need to reinforce Badajoz to repel them. Last turn they were defeated, but they might come again. We should send reinforcements to Badajoz from nearby villages. Which villages can reach Badajoz? Road network: Badajoz [4] is connected to [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. Our villages: Toledo [8] is connected to Badajoz. Also from [8] we can send to Badajoz. March from Toledo to Badajoz: from report: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" for Valencia, but for Badajoz itself, we need to check. Actually, the report for Badajoz says: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" but that's for sending from Badajoz to Toledo. For sending from Toledo to Badajoz, it would be the same distance. So 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. That means if we send from Toledo now, it would take 2 slow turns (i.e., 2 turns for spearmen) to reach Badajoz. But the enemy armies arrive in 1 turn. So reinforcements from Toledo would arrive in 2 turns (if spearmen) or 1 turn if knights? Actually, "1 fast turn" means knights take 1 turn. So if we send knights from Toledo, they would arrive in 1 turn, just in time to help defend against the enemy arriving in 1 turn. But wait: the enemy armies are marching toward Badajoz and arrive in 1 turn. That means on the next turn, they will arrive and attack. If we send knights from Toledo now, they will also arrive in 1 turn, so they will be there to defend. However, the report says "enemy army marching toward [4] Badajoz, arrives in 1 turn". So on the next turn, they will attack. If we send reinforcements, they will arrive on the same turn? The rules: "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." So we are at the start of turn 11? Actually it says "TURN 10 - You are King B." So this is the state at the beginning of turn 10? Or after turn 10? The header says "TURN 10 - You are King B." and then "These numbers are from TURN 10." So we are about to issue orders for turn 10? Or we are reading the report from turn 10? Usually in these games, the report shows the state at the end of the previous turn, and you order for the next turn. The "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" section describes events of the previous turn (turn 9). So we are now ordering for turn 10. The enemy armies marching toward Badajoz with arrival in 1 turn: that means they were ordered last turn and will arrive this turn (turn 10). So when we issue orders now, they will execute simultaneously. If we send reinforcements from Toledo, they will also take time to arrive. If we send knights, they take 1 turn, so they would arrive at the end of turn 10, same as the enemy? Actually, the timing: if an army takes 1 turn to march, it arrives at the end of the turn. So if both are ordered now, they both arrive at the end of turn 10, and then combat occurs? Or does combat happen when they arrive? The rules: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So if the enemy army arrives at Badajoz, they will attack. If our reinforcements arrive at the same time, do they fight together? The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if we send multiple reinforcements, they fight separately. But if we send from one village, they fight as a group. The enemy armies are two separate armies? It says "enemy army marching toward [4] Badajoz, arrives in 1 turn" and another one same. So two enemy armies will arrive. They will attack Badajoz. Our garrison at Badajoz will defend. If we send reinforcements, they will arrive and then fight? Actually, the sequence: at the start of the turn, we order. Then movements happen. Armies march and arrive at their destinations. Then combat occurs at each location where there is an attack. So if we send reinforcements to Badajoz, they will arrive and then be part of the garrison for defense? Or do they arrive after combat? The rules: "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So they arrive and join the garrison. Then if the enemy arrives and attacks, the garrison (including new reinforcements) defends. But the order of events: all movements happen, then combat. So if both enemy and our reinforcements arrive at Badajoz on the same turn, they all arrive, then combat is resolved. The garrison would include our reinforcements. However, the enemy armies are attacking, so they will fight our garrison. Since there are two enemy armies, they might attack sequentially? The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." That applies to attacking troops. For defending, the garrison is a single entity. So our reinforcements from one village would add to the garrison. If we send from multiple villages, they would each arrive and join the garrison, but they don't fight separately; they just reinforce the garrison. So the garrison's total troops defend as one. The enemy armies, if they are from different villages, would attack one at a time. So the first enemy army attacks the garrison (which includes our original troops plus any reinforcements that arrived). Then the second enemy army attacks the remaining garrison. So it's important to have enough troops to hold.

Given that last turn the enemy attacked Badajoz four times and was defeated, our garrison is strong enough to hold against multiple attacks. But we should still reinforce to be safe, especially since they are sending two armies this turn.

We can send troops from Toledo (fast: knights) or from other villages. But Toledo is the closest that can send knights in 1 turn. Other villages: from Madrid to Badajoz? Madrid is connected to Toledo [8] and Salamanca [7], etc. To get to Badajoz from Madrid, the road goes through Toledo? Actually, road network: Madrid [12] connects to [7], [8], [14], [17]. So from Madrid to Badajoz, you'd have to go through Toledo [8] or Salamanca [7]? But Salamanca is enemy. So the only route is Madrid -> Toledo -> Badajoz. That would take 1 turn to Toledo, then 2 turns to Badajoz? Actually, from Madrid to Toledo: the report for Madrid says "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" but that's from Barcelona. For Madrid to Toledo, we need to check. Madrid is connected to Toledo [8] directly? Yes, road network: [8] Toledo: [4], [11], [12], [13]. So Madrid to Toledo is a direct road. What is the distance? The report for Madrid says "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" but that's from Barcelona. We don't have the distance from Madrid to Toledo explicitly. But we can infer: from Toledo to Madrid, the report for Valencia says "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". That's from Valencia to Toledo. For Madrid to Toledo, it might be shorter. Actually, Madrid and Toledo are both major cities, likely 1 fast turn? But we need to be careful. The report for Madrid says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: ... from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" is for Barcelona. For Madrid itself, we don't have a distance to Toledo. But we can look at the road network: Madrid [12] connects to [8] Toledo. Since they are directly connected, the distance is probably 1 turn for fast, 2 for medium, 3 for slow? Or maybe 1 fast, 1 medium, 2 slow? We can't be sure. However, we can send from Madrid to Badajoz via Toledo, but that would take at least 2 turns (Madrid->Toledo 1 turn, Toledo->Badajoz 2 turns) so not in time for this turn's defense. So the only way to get reinforcements to Badajoz this turn is from a village that is 1 fast turn away. Which villages are 1 fast turn from Badajoz? The report for Badajoz says: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So from Toledo to Badajoz is 1 fast turn. So if we send knights from Toledo, they will arrive in 1 turn. Are there other villages? Badajoz is connected to [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. None of those are ours except [8] Toledo. So only Toledo can send reinforcements in 1 turn. We could send from further away, but they'd arrive later.

So we should consider sending some troops from Toledo to Badajoz to reinforce. Toledo has 15 troops: 14 spearman, 1 knight. We can send the knight (fast) and maybe some spearman (slow, would take 2 turns, so they'd arrive next turn). If we send spearman now, they'd take 2 turns, arriving at the end of turn 11, so they'd miss the attack this turn. But if the enemy attacks this turn, we need the reinforcements this turn. So we should send the knight now. Also, we could send archers? Toledo has 0 archers. So we can only send spearman and knight. Spearman would take 2 turns, so they wouldn't help this turn. But they would help later. We might want to send some spearman as well for future defense. But we need to balance: if we send too many from Toledo, we weaken Toledo for its own defense and offense against Cordoba.

Toledo is a border village with enemy [11] Cordoba. Cordoba currently has 0 troops (empty garrison). So we could attack Cordoba from Toledo. That would be a good offensive move. If we attack Cordoba, we need to send troops from Toledo to Cordoba. The distance: from Toledo to Cordoba: road network [8] Toledo connects to [11] Cordoba. The report for Toledo says: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" but that's from Valencia. For Toledo to Cordoba, we need the distance. The report for Cordoba says: "march from [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So from Toledo to Cordoba is 1 turn for all types? Actually "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means it takes 1 turn regardless of speed? That seems odd. Usually slow troops take more turns. But the notation "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" might mean the number of turns for each speed type. If it says 1 slow, that means even slow troops take 1 turn. So it's a 1-turn march for everyone. So we can send any troops from Toledo to Cordoba and they'll arrive next turn. Cordoba is empty, so we can capture it easily. That would give us our 13th village.

Similarly, Madrid is border with Salamanca [7]. Salamanca has 2 spearman, 1 archer, effective defense 8. From Madrid to Salamanca: the report for Salamanca says "march from [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So also 1 turn for all. So we can attack Salamanca from Madrid.

Also, we have other fronts: Badajoz is under attack. We could also attack from Badajoz to neighboring enemy villages: Santarem [1], Faro [5], Sevilha [9]. But Badajoz has few troops (6). We might want to hold Badajoz and not attack yet.

We also have the option to attack from other villages. For example, from Valencia [16] we can reach Murcia [15] (neutral) in 1 turn. From Toledo we can reach Cordoba. From Madrid we can reach Salamanca. From Badajoz we can reach Santarem, Faro, Sevilha.

Our plan from last turn: "This turn we focus on building up our armies and reinforcing our border villages for a major offensive next turn. We build spearman and archers in all villages, sending knights and spearman to Madrid and Toledo to create powerful strike forces. We reinforce Badajoz with 2 spearman to defend against the expected enemy attack. Next turn, we will attack Salamanca from Madrid and Cordoba from Toledo with overwhelming force, aiming to capture both and bring our village count to 14. Then we will push on to Faro, Santarem, and the neutral villages to reach 18."

But the map has changed: we have more troops now, and we see that Cordoba is empty, Salamanca has few troops. So we can attack them now. However, we need to consider the enemy's actions. The enemy is sending armies to Badajoz. They might also be sending troops elsewhere. We don't know their full orders. But we can assume they will try to reinforce their own villages or attack ours.

Our immediate goals:
- Defend Badajoz against the two incoming armies. We need to ensure our garrison is strong enough. Currently Badajoz has 6 troops (2 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight). Effective defense 15. The enemy armies: we don't know their composition. Last turn they attacked with what? They were defeated. They might be similar. With effective defense 15, it's likely we can hold, but we should reinforce. Sending the knight from Toledo would add 1 knight to the garrison, increasing defense. The knight has defense 2, but in a village, defense counts x1.25? Wait, the rule: "Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital)." So the effective defense already includes the bonus. The report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 15" for Badajoz. That means the garrison's combined effective defense is 15. Adding a knight (defense 2) would increase effective defense by 2 * 1.25 = 2.5, so new effective defense ~17.5. That might help.

But we also need to consider that if we send the knight from Toledo, we reduce Toledo's attack force. Toledo has 1 knight and 14 spearman. If we attack Cordoba, we could send all 15 troops. Cordoba has 0 defense, so we can capture it easily. But if we send the knight to Badajoz, we might not need the knight for Cordoba because Cordoba is empty. We can just send spearman to Cordoba. Spearman are slow, but from Toledo to Cordoba is 1 slow turn? The report says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" so even spearman take 1 turn. So we can send spearman from Toledo to Cordoba and they'll arrive next turn. So we can do both: send knight to Badajoz, and send spearman to Cordoba. But we need to check if Toledo has enough resources to build more troops? We can also build new troops in Toledo. Toledo has wood 30, iron 50. It can build spearman (15 wood) or knight (30 wood, 30 iron). It has 15 troops at home, cap 300, so it can build more. We might want to build more spearman to replace those we send.

We should also consider building in other villages to increase our army size. Since we need to hold 18 villages, we need a large army. We have many interior villages that can build troops and send them to borders.

Let's think about the overall strategy. We have 12 villages. To win, we need 18. The enemy has at least 7 villages (we see 5, plus capital and maybe others). Neutral: at least 2 (Burgos, Murcia) plus maybe others. If we capture all enemy villages, we eliminate them and win. That would give us 12+7=19 villages, which is enough. But we don't know where all enemy villages are. We know: Santarem [1], Evora [2] (unexplored but likely enemy since connected to Lisboa), Coimbra [3] (unexplored, connected to Santarem and Salamanca, could be enemy or neutral), Salamanca [7], Cordoba [11], Sevilha [9], Faro [5], and Lisboa [0] capital. That's 8 possible enemy villages. If we capture all, we'd have 20. But some might be neutral. Coimbra might be neutral. Porto and Vigo might be neutral. So we need to explore and capture.

Our immediate plan: 
- Capture Cordoba [11] from Toledo (it's empty). 
- Capture Salamanca [7] from Madrid (it has 2 spearman, 1 archer, defense 8). We need to send enough troops to overcome defense 8. Madrid has 15 troops: 7 spearman, 1 archer, 7 knight. If we send all, attack power: spearman attack 1, archer attack 2, knight attack 4. But we need to consider counter triangle. The enemy garrison: 2 spearman, 1 archer. The most numerous enemy type is spearman (2). So the counter matchup: our most numerous type? If we send all, we have 7 spearman, 1 archer, 7 knight. Most numerous is spearman and knight tied at 7. Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So spearman is considered the most numerous? The rule: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So if we have 7 spearman and 7 knight, tie goes to spearman. So our most numerous is spearman. Enemy most numerous is spearman (2 vs 1 archer). So spearman vs spearman: no counter bonus. Our attack power: spearman: 7 * 1 = 7; archer: 1 * 2 = 2; knight: 7 * 4 = 28. Total attack = 37. Enemy defense: they are defending in a village, so their defense counts x1.25. Their base defense: spearman defense 2, archer defense 2. So total base defense: 2*2 + 1*2 = 6. Effective defense with bonus: 6 * 1.25 = 7.5, but the report says effective defense 8. So our attack 37 vs defense 8, we win easily. But we must also consider that when attacking, we use our attack values, and they use defense values. The effective defense is already included. So we just compare our total attack to their effective defense. Our total attack if we send all from Madrid: spearman 7*1=7, archer 1*2=2, knight 7*4=28, total 37. Their effective defense is 8. So we win. However, we might not need to send all. We could send a smaller force to capture Salamanca, and keep some in Madrid for defense. But Madrid's defense is 38, which is high. We can spare some troops. Also, we need to consider that after we capture Salamanca, it becomes our village, and we can use it to produce resources and build troops. But it might be under threat from other enemy villages (Coimbra, Porto). We should plan to secure the area.

Similarly, we can attack Cordoba from Toledo. Cordoba has 0 defense, so any troops will capture it. We can send all 15 from Toledo, or just a few. But we might want to keep some in Toledo to defend against potential enemy attacks from Sevilha or elsewhere. However, the enemy is far away, and we have the road network: Toledo is connected to Badajoz (ours), Cordoba (enemy), Madrid (ours), Teruel (ours). So it's relatively safe.

We also have the option to attack from Badajoz. Badajoz is connected to Santarem [1], Faro [5], Sevilha [9]. These are enemy villages. Santarem has 1 archer, defense 3. Faro has 1 archer, 1 knight, defense 5. Sevilha has 1 knight, defense 3. We could attack them from Badajoz. But Badajoz has only 6 troops. We might want to reinforce Badajoz first, then attack. But if we attack from Badajoz, we would send troops away, leaving Badajoz weaker. The enemy is attacking Badajoz, so we need to keep enough to defend. We could send a small attack force to a nearby village while keeping a garrison. But since Badajoz is under attack this turn, if we send troops away, they will march out and not be available for defense. The enemy armies arrive this turn. So if we send troops from Badajoz, they will leave and fight elsewhere? Actually, if we send troops from Badajoz to attack Santarem, they will march toward Santarem. But the rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". The path from Badajoz to Santarem: Badajoz [4] connects to [1] Santarem directly? Road network: [4] Badajoz: [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. So yes, direct road to Santarem. So if we send from Badajoz to Santarem, they will go directly and attack Santarem. They would not stay to defend Badajoz. So if we send them, Badajoz's garrison would be reduced. The enemy armies are arriving at Badajoz, so they would attack the reduced garrison. That might be risky. So we should probably not send troops from Badajoz this turn. Instead, reinforce it.

What about sending troops from interior villages to borders? We have many interior villages with troops. We can send them to Madrid or Toledo to build up those border armies. For example, from Zaragoza [17] we have 10 troops (9 spearman, 1 archer). It is connected to Madrid [12] directly? Road: [17] Zaragoza: [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]. So yes, to Madrid. The distance: from Zaragoza to Madrid, the report for Madrid says "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Zaragoza? Actually, the report for Zaragoza says: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So 1 turn for all. So we can send troops from Zaragoza to Madrid quickly. Similarly, from Valencia [16] to Toledo [8]: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So slower. From Barcelona to Madrid: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. So knights from Barcelona take 2 turns? Actually "2 medium" means medium speed (archers) take 2 turns, "1 fast" means knights take 1 turn? Wait: "3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" means: slow troops take 3 turns, medium take 2, fast take 1. So from Barcelona to Madrid, knights take 1 turn? That seems odd because it says "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So knights take 1 turn, archers 2, spearmen 3. So we can send knights from Barcelona to Madrid in 1 turn. But Barcelona has 0 knights available. It has 4 spearman, 1 archer. So we can only send spearman (3 turns) or archer (2 turns). So not very fast.

We need to coordinate builds and sends. Since we want to attack Salamanca and Cordoba next turn (or this turn?), we need to have troops in position. If we send from Madrid to Salamanca, they will arrive in 1 turn (since 1 slow/medium/fast). So if we order now, they will arrive at the end of turn 10 and attack Salamanca? Actually, if we send from Madrid to Salamanca, the march takes 1 turn. So they would arrive at the end of turn 10. But the enemy might also be doing things. We need to consider that Salamanca might be reinforced by the enemy. The enemy could send troops to Salamanca from their other villages. We don't know. But we have the initiative.

Let's decide on builds. We need to produce troops to fill our armies. Each village can build one unit per turn? The rules don't specify a limit on quantity per turn, only resources and cap. So we can build multiple units in one turn if we have resources. The "ready in 1 turn" means it takes 1 turn to build, so they are available next turn. So we can build now, and they will be available for movement next turn (turn 11). Or we can build and send them immediately? No, orders are simultaneous: we order builds and movements for this turn. The builds will complete at the end of this turn, so they can be used for movement next turn. But we can also send existing troops this turn.

So for this turn (turn 10), we can send existing troops to attack. We can also build new troops that will be ready next turn.

Our immediate offensive targets: Cordoba (empty) and Salamanca (weak). We can capture both this turn if we send troops now. Let's check distances:
- Toledo to Cordoba: 1 turn for all types. So if we send from Toledo now, they arrive end of turn 10, attack Cordoba, capture it. That would give us village 13.
- Madrid to Salamanca: 1 turn for all types. Send from Madrid now, arrive end of turn 10, attack Salamanca, capture it. That would give us village 14.

But wait: we also have the enemy attacking Badajoz. That will happen simultaneously. We need to ensure Badajoz holds. If we send all troops from Toledo to Cordoba, Toledo's garrison becomes 0. Is that safe? Toledo is a border village with Cordoba (which we are attacking) and Badajoz (ours) and Madrid (ours) and Teruel (ours). After we capture Cordoba, it becomes ours. But what if the enemy attacks Toledo from Cordoba? Cordoba is empty, so no threat. The enemy could attack Toledo from Sevilha? Sevilha [9] is connected to [4] Badajoz, [5] Faro, [11] Cordoba. Not directly to Toledo. So Toledo is safe from immediate attack. However, if we leave Toledo empty, and later the enemy captures Cordoba (unlikely since we'll take it), they could then attack Toledo. But we can leave a small garrison or build troops there. But we might want to send all available troops from Toledo to Cordoba to ensure capture. Since Cordoba has 0 defense, even 1 spearman would capture it. So we don't need to send all 15. We can send, say, 10 spearman, and keep 5 to defend Toledo? Actually, Toledo's defense is 38, which is high. But if we send all, its defense becomes lower. But since no enemy is nearby, it might be okay. However, we should consider that the enemy might have troops in Sevilha or Faro that could march to Cordoba and then to Toledo. But they would have to capture Cordoba first, which we will do. So it's probably safe to send most troops from Toledo.

Similarly, Madrid to Salamanca: Salamanca has defense 8. We need enough troops to overcome it. Madrid has 15 troops. If we send all, we capture Salamanca. But then Madrid would be empty. Madrid is a border village with Salamanca (which we capture) and also connected to Toledo, Zaragoza, etc. After capturing Salamanca, Madrid's border becomes Salamanca (ours) and maybe others? Actually, Madrid is connected to [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza. So if we capture Salamanca, Madrid is surrounded by friendly villages. So it's safe to leave Madrid empty temporarily. But we should leave some troops to defend until we can reinforce. However, we can send troops from interior villages to Madrid this turn to reinforce it for future. But if we send them now, they will take time to arrive. For example, from Zaragoza to Madrid is 1 turn. So if we send from Zaragoza now, they arrive end of turn 10. That could help defend Madrid if we leave a garrison there. But if we send all from Madrid to Salamanca, Madrid will have 0 troops at the end of turn 10. Then if the enemy attacks Madrid? Who could attack Madrid? Salamanca is enemy, but we are capturing it. The enemy could attack Madrid from Salamanca? If we capture Salamanca, it's ours. So no. The enemy could attack Madrid from Burgos? Burgos is neutral. Or from Toledo? Toledo is ours. So Madrid is likely safe. But we should consider that the enemy might have troops in Coimbra or Porto that could march to Salamanca and then to Madrid. But they would have to go through Salamanca, which we capture. So it's a race.

We also need to think about the enemy capital Lisboa [0]. We don't know its garrison. It might be strong. But we don't need to take it to win if we get 18 villages. But eliminating all enemy villages is an alternative win condition. If we capture all enemy villages, we win. So we could aim to capture Lisboa as well, but it's the hardest target.

Let's prioritize: capture Cordoba and Salamanca this turn. That gives us 14 villages. Then we need 4 more. Next, we can capture Santarem, Faro, Sevilha from Badajoz, or capture neutral villages like Burgos, Murcia. Also explore the unexplored areas.

But we must also defend Badajoz. The enemy is sending two armies to Badajoz. We need to make sure our garrison there can defeat them. Currently Badajoz has 6 troops. The enemy armies: we don't know their size. Last turn they attacked Badajoz four times and were defeated. That suggests our defense is strong. But they might be sending larger armies now. We should reinforce Badajoz. We can send troops from Toledo (knights) or from other villages. But if we send from Toledo to Badajoz, they take 1 fast turn, so they arrive this turn. We can send the knight from Toledo to Badajoz. That would give Badajoz +1 knight. We could also send some spearman from Toledo, but they take 2 turns, so they'd arrive next turn. That's okay. But we need to decide how many to send.

Toledo has 15 troops: 14 spearman, 1 knight. If we send, say, 5 spearman to Cordoba (to capture it) and the knight to Badajoz, and keep 9 spearman in Toledo. That seems reasonable. Or we could send more to Cordoba since it's empty. But we might want to send a larger force to Cordoba to ensure capture and also to use as a base for further operations. Cordoba is connected to Sevilha [9], Faro [5] (via Sevilha? Actually, Cordoba [11] connects to [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia. So from Cordoba we can attack Sevilha or Murcia. So capturing Cordoba gives us a springboard into the south.

Similarly, Salamanca connects to Coimbra [3], Porto [6], and Madrid. So capturing Salamanca opens the western front.

We should also consider building troops. We have many interior villages with resources. We can build spearman and archers to increase our total army. Since spearman are cheap (15 wood), we can build them in bulk. Archers cost 20 wood + 10 iron. Knights cost 30 wood + 30 iron. We need iron for knights and archers. Our villages have varying iron. For example, Barcelona has iron 70, so it can build knights. But we might want to build knights for fast attack. However, knights are expensive. We can build spearman in most villages.

Let's check each village's build capacity:

We'll go through each village and decide what to build, if anything. We need to consider that we want to send troops to borders, so we need to have troops available to send. Some villages have few troops; we can build more there and then send them later.

We also need to consider the cap of 300 troops per village. None are near cap.

Let's list villages with their resources and current troops:

1. Barcelona [22]: wood 40, iron 70. Troops: 4 spearman, 1 archer (total 5). Can build: up to 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). We might want to build knights here because it has high iron, and knights are fast. But Barcelona is far from the front. It takes 1 fast turn to Madrid? Actually, from Barcelona to Madrid: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. So knights take 1 turn? Wait: "3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" means fast troops take 1 turn, medium 2, slow 3. So knights from Barcelona to Madrid take 1 turn. That's surprisingly fast. So we can build knights in Barcelona and send them to Madrid in 1 turn. But we need to have wood and iron. If we build a knight, cost 30 wood, 30 iron. Barcelona has 40 wood, 70 iron. So it can build 1 knight, leaving 10 wood, 40 iron. Next turn it will produce 30 wood, 20 iron, so it can build another knight the turn after. We might want to build knights there and send them to Madrid or Toledo.

2. Tarragona [21]: wood 40, iron 60. Troops: 2 spearman, 1 archer. Can build: 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Also close to front? Tarragona to Madrid: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. So knights take 1 turn? Actually "2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast" means fast 1 turn. So knights from Tarragona to Madrid take 1 turn. So we can build knights there too.

3. Girona [23]: wood 40, iron 80. Troops: 2 spearman, 1 archer. Can build: similar. To Madrid: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. Knights 1 turn.

4. Castellon [18]: wood 30, iron 50. Troops: 2 spearman. Can build: 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) but wood 30 exactly for knight? Knight costs 30 wood, so it would leave 0 wood. It has 50 iron, so can afford knight. To Toledo: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. Knights 1 turn.

5. Zaragoza [17]: wood 40, iron 70. Troops: 9 spearman, 1 archer (10 total). Can build: 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). To Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So all types take 1 turn. Good for reinforcing Madrid.

6. Huesca [20]: wood 40, iron 50. Troops: 3 spearman, 1 archer. Can build: 2 spearman or 1 archer or 1 knight. To Madrid: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Knights 1 turn.

7. Valencia [16]: wood 30, iron 70. Troops: 4 spearman, 2 knight. Can build: 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). To Toledo: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. Knights 1 turn.

8. Teruel [13]: wood 30, iron 50. Troops: 1 knight. Can build: 2 spearman or 1 archer or 1 knight. To Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So all 1 turn. Good for reinforcing Toledo.

9. Madrid [12]: wood 40, iron 50. Troops: 7 spearman, 1 archer, 7 knight (15). Can build: 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). But we might want to build here to replace troops we send. However, Madrid is a border village; we might want to keep its population high for defense. But we are planning to send troops to Salamanca. If we send all, we need to rebuild. We can build here now, and they will be available next turn.

10. Pamplona [19]: wood 40, iron 50. Troops: 1 archer (and 2 spearmen marching out). After march, home: 1 archer. Can build: 2 spearman or 1 archer or 1 knight. To Madrid: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. Knights 1 turn.

11. Toledo [8]: wood 30, iron 50. Troops: 14 spearman, 1 knight (15). Can build: 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). We plan to send some to Cordoba and some to Badajoz. We can build here to replenish.

12. Badajoz [4]: wood 30, iron 40. Troops: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight (6). Can build: 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) but wood 30 exactly for knight? It has 30 wood, so can build 1 knight, leaving 0 wood. Iron 40, so okay. We might want to build here to increase garrison.

Now, we need to decide on specific builds and movements.

First, let's address the immediate combat: Badajoz defense. The enemy is sending two armies to Badajoz. We need to ensure we win. Our current garrison: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight. Effective defense 15. The enemy armies: we don't know their composition. But last turn they attacked with what? The report says "King A attacked [4] Badajoz: DEFEAT" four times. So they likely sent multiple armies. They might be sending similar this turn. To be safe, we should reinforce Badajoz. The best reinforcement from nearby is from Toledo. We can send the knight from Toledo to Badajoz (1 turn). We could also send some spearman from Toledo, but they take 2 turns. We could send archers? Toledo has no archers. We could send from other villages: from Madrid to Badajoz would take 2 turns (Madrid->Toledo 1 turn, Toledo->Badajoz 2 turns? Actually, we need to check distance from Madrid to Badajoz. The road: Madrid [12] -> [8] Toledo -> [4] Badajoz. From Madrid to Toledo: distance? The report for Madrid says "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" but that's from Barcelona. For Madrid to Toledo, we don't have a direct number. But since they are connected, it's probably 1 turn for fast? Actually, looking at the road network, Madrid and Toledo are both major cities, likely 1 fast turn. But we can't be sure. However, even if it's 1 turn from Madrid to Toledo, then from Toledo to Badajoz is 1 fast turn, so total 2 fast turns? No, you can't stop at Toledo because it's your own village; you would have to stop and then send again? Actually, an army marches along roads and stops at the first non-friendly village. If you order an army from Madrid to Badajoz, they will march through Toledo (which is yours) and continue to Badajoz. The travel time is the sum of the segments. So if Madrid->Toledo is 1 turn and Toledo->Badajoz is 1 fast turn, then total for knights would be 2 turns. So they wouldn't arrive in time for this turn's defense. So only Toledo itself can send in 1 turn. What about from Valencia? Valencia to Badajoz: Valencia -> Toledo -> Badajoz. That would be 2+1=3 turns for fast. So no.

Therefore, the only reinforcement that can arrive this turn is from Toledo. We can send the knight. We could also send archers if we had them, but we don't. So we'll send the knight from Toledo to Badajoz.

But wait: we also have the option to send troops from Badajoz to attack nearby villages, but that would weaken Badajoz. So we won't.

Now, offensive moves: We want to capture Cordoba and Salamanca.

Cordoba: from Toledo. We can send a force from Toledo to Cordoba. Since Cordoba is empty, we only need a small force. But we might want to send a decent size to use as a garrison later. We can send, say, 10 spearman from Toledo to Cordoba. That would leave Toledo with 4 spearman and 1 knight (if we send the knight to Badajoz, then Toledo has 4 spearman). But we can build more in Toledo next turn. Or we could send all 14 spearman to Cordoba, and the knight to Badajoz, leaving Toledo empty. Then we can build in Toledo next turn. But if we leave Toledo empty, and the enemy somehow attacks Toledo, we'd be in trouble. But as discussed, Toledo is safe for now. However, we might want to keep some troops in Toledo to defend against a possible attack from Cordoba after we capture it? No, once we capture Cordoba, it's ours. The enemy could attack Cordoba from Sevilha or Faro. If they attack Cordoba, they would have to go through the road. Our troops in Toledo could reinforce Cordoba. So it's okay to leave Toledo with few troops.

But we also need to consider that we might want to attack Sevilha from Cordoba later. So having troops in Cordoba is important. We can send a large force to Cordoba now, and then next turn we can attack Sevilha.

Similarly, Salamanca: from Madrid. We can send a force from Madrid to Salamanca. Salamanca has defense 8. We need to send enough to overcome it. Madrid has 15 troops. We can send all 15, or a subset. If we send all, Madrid becomes empty. We can reinforce Madrid from Zaragoza or other interior villages. Zaragoza has 10 troops and can reach Madrid in 1 turn. So we can send troops from Zaragoza to Madrid this turn, and they will arrive at the same time as our attack on Salamanca? Actually, if we send from Zaragoza to Madrid, they take 1 turn, so they arrive end of turn 10. If we send from Madrid to Salamanca, they also take 1 turn, arriving end of turn 10. So the order of events: at the start of turn 10, we order both sends. The troops from Zaragoza march to Madrid, the troops from Madrid march to Salamanca. They all move simultaneously. The troops from Madrid will leave Madrid, so Madrid's garrison decreases. The troops from Zaragoza will arrive at Madrid at the end of the turn. So at the end of turn 10, Madrid will have the new reinforcements from Zaragoza, but the old troops have left. So Madrid will not be empty if we send reinforcements. That's good. So we can send all 15 from Madrid to Salamanca, and send, say, 10 from Zaragoza to Madrid. Then Madrid ends up with 10 troops, and Salamanca is captured.

We need to check if Zaragoza has enough troops to send. Zaragoza has 10 troops (9 spearman, 1 archer). We can send, say, 9 spearman and 1 archer? Or just 9 spearman. We might want to keep some in Zaragoza for defense? Zaragoza is interior, no enemy border, so it's safe. We can send most of them.

We also have other interior villages that can send to Madrid or Toledo. For example, we can send from Barcelona, Tarragona, etc., but they take longer. We can send them now to arrive over the next turns.

Let's plan the movements for this turn:

- From Toledo [8]: send 1 knight to Badajoz [4] (reinforce defense). Send 10 spearman to Cordoba [11] (attack). Keep 4 spearman in Toledo? Actually, Toledo has 14 spearman, 1 knight. If we send 1 knight and 10 spearman, we have 4 spearman left. We could send more to Cordoba, but 10 is plenty for an empty village. We might want to keep 4 spearman in Toledo for now. Or we could send all 14 spearman to Cordoba, and then Toledo has 0. But we can build more next turn. Let's decide: send 14 spearman to Cordoba? That would capture Cordoba and give it a large garrison. Then Toledo has only the knight, but we send the knight to Badajoz, so Toledo becomes empty. That might be risky if the enemy attacks Toledo. But who can attack Toledo? The enemy villages near Toledo: Cordoba (we capture), Sevilha (connected to Cordoba, not directly to Toledo), Badajoz (ours), Madrid (ours), Teruel (ours). So no direct enemy connection. So Toledo is safe. However, if we leave Toledo empty, we lose its production. But we can build next turn. It might be better to send a large force to Cordoba to secure it and have a base. Let's send 14 spearman from Toledo to Cordoba. And send the knight from Toledo to Badajoz. That uses all Toledo's troops. Then Toledo has 0. We can build in Toledo next turn.

But wait: we also need to consider that Cordoba might have been built up by the enemy? The report says Cordoba garrison: empty. So it's safe.

- From Madrid [12]: send all 15 troops to Salamanca [7] (7 spearman, 1 archer, 7 knight). That's a strong force, more than enough to defeat Salamanca's defense 8. We could send fewer, but sending all clears Madrid and gives Salamanca a big garrison. Then we need to reinforce Madrid. We can send from Zaragoza.

- From Zaragoza [17]: send, say, 9 spearman and 1 archer to Madrid [12]. That would send almost all Zaragoza's troops (10 total). We could keep 1 spearman? Actually, Zaragoza has 9 spearman, 1 archer. If we send 9 spearman, we leave 1 archer. Or send all 10. Let's send 9 spearman to Madrid, keep 1 archer for now. Or we could send all 10. But we might want to keep some in Zaragoza to build and send later. Since Zaragoza is interior, we can build more. So we can send all 10 to Madrid. That would give Madrid 10 troops. But wait: we also have troops from Pamplona marching to Zaragoza (2 spearmen arriving this turn). So Zaragoza will have 12 troops at home at the start of turn 10? Actually, the march from Pamplona: "2 spearmen: [19] -> [17], arrives in 1 turn". So they arrive at the end of turn 10? Or the beginning? The report says "already marching out (NOT available): 2 spearmen" from Pamplona. And in "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN": "Your reinforcement (2 spearmen) arrived at [17] Zaragoza" - that was last turn. Wait, the "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" section says: "- Your reinforcement (5 spearmen) arrived at [17] Zaragoza" and "- Your reinforcement (2 spearmen) arrived at [17] Zaragoza" etc. So those already happened. The "ARMIES ON THE MARCH" section says: "YOURS: - 2 spearmen: [19] -> [17], arrives in 1 turn". That means there is a march currently in progress, ordered last turn? Or ordered this turn? The report is from turn 10, and it says "arrives in 1 turn", meaning they will arrive at the end of turn 10? Actually, the "ARMIES ON THE MARCH" section lists armies that are currently marching. They were ordered in previous turns and are still marching. They will arrive in the number of turns indicated. So the 2 spearmen from Pamplona to Zaragoza were ordered earlier and will arrive in 1 turn (i.e., at the end of turn 10). So at the start of turn 10, they are still marching. So Zaragoza currently has 10 troops at home (as listed). The 2 spearmen will arrive at the end of turn 10, so they will be available for movement on turn 11. So for this turn's orders, we can only use the 10 troops currently in Zaragoza. We can send them to Madrid. They will arrive at the end of turn 10. So Madrid will have those 10 troops at the end of turn 10, plus whatever we build there this turn? Actually, builds this turn will be ready at the end of turn 10 as well? The rules: "ready in 1 turn" means they are available next turn. So if we order a build this turn, the troops will be available for movement on turn 11. They don't arrive during turn 10. So at the end of turn 10, Madrid will have the reinforcements from Zaragoza (10 troops) but the original 15 have left. So Madrid's garrison at the end of turn 10 will be 10 (from Zaragoza) plus any troops we didn't send from Madrid? But we sent all 15. So Madrid will have 10. That's a decent garrison. We can also build in Madrid this turn to add more next turn.

- From other interior villages: we can send troops to Madrid or Toledo to build up reserves. For example, from Valencia [16] we can send to Toledo. Valencia has 6 troops (4 spearman, 2 knight). We can send them to Toledo. Distance: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. So knights take 1 turn? Actually "1 fast turn" means knights take 1 turn. So if we send the 2 knights from Valencia to Toledo, they will arrive at the end of turn 10. That would reinforce Toledo. But we left Toledo empty? If we send all from Toledo, we might want to reinforce it. So we can send the 2 knights from Valencia to Toledo. They'll arrive in 1 turn. We could also send the 4 spearman, but they take 2 slow turns, so they'd arrive at the end of turn 11. We can send them now for later. Let's send all 6 from Valencia to Toledo. That would give Toledo 6 troops (2 knights, 4 spearman) at the end of turn 10 (knights) and turn 11 (spearman). But wait: if we send them to Toledo, they will join Toledo's garrison. But if we left Toledo empty, they will arrive and fill it. That's good.

- From Teruel [13]: Teruel has 1 knight. It is connected to Toledo [8] directly? Road: [13] Teruel: [8], [16], [17], [18]. So yes, to Toledo. Distance: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" (from Teruel? Actually the report for Teruel says: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So 1 turn for all. So we can send the knight from Teruel to Toledo, arriving in 1 turn. That would reinforce Toledo. We might want to build more in Teruel and send.

- From Castellon [18]: has 2 spearman. To Toledo: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. So we can send the 2 spearman (slow, 2 turns) or if we had knights, 1 turn. We can send them to Toledo for later.

- From Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Huesca, Pamplona: we can send troops to Madrid or Toledo. But they are further. We can send knights if we build them, but we don't have many knights there. We can send spearman and archers.

We also need to consider building troops. We should build in as many villages as possible to increase our army. Since we need to hold 18 villages and possibly attack more, we need a lot of troops. We can build spearman cheaply in most villages. We should also build archers and knights for their offensive power, but they cost iron. We have iron available in many villages.

Let's decide on builds for this turn. We'll go village by village:

- Barcelona [22]: build 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Leaves 10 wood, 40 iron. Next turn it will have 40 wood (10+30), 60 iron (40+20). It can build another knight. We might also build spearman. But let's build 1 knight now. We can send it to Madrid later. Actually, from Barcelona to Madrid is 1 fast turn, so we can send the knight next turn. For this turn, we might not send from Barcelona because it's far. But we could send the existing 4 spearman and 1 archer to Madrid? They would take 3 slow / 2 medium turns. Not very useful for immediate combat. We can hold them for later. So build knight, and maybe send the existing troops? We can send the 4 spearman and 1 archer to Madrid? But Madrid will have enough from Zaragoza. We might send them to Madrid to arrive later. Let's send the 4 spearman and 1 archer from Barcelona to Madrid. They will take 3 turns for spearman, 2 for archer. So they'll arrive over the next turns. That's fine.

- Tarragona [21]: build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 spearman? Let's build 1 knight. Send existing 2 spearman, 1 archer to Madrid? Or to Zaragoza? Tarragona to Madrid: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast. So we can send them to Madrid. Let's send all 3 to Madrid.

- Girona [23]: build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Send existing 2 spearman, 1 archer to Madrid? Or to Zaragoza? Girona to Madrid: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast. Send to Madrid.

- Castellon [18]: build 2 spearman (30 wood). Send existing 2 spearman to Toledo (2 slow turns). Also send the new builds? New builds are ready next turn, so we can't send them this turn. So send the 2 existing spearman to Toledo.

- Zaragoza [17]: we plan to send 10 troops to Madrid. But we also want to build here. Zaragoza has wood 40, iron 70. It can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 2 spearman to increase numbers. We'll send the existing 10 troops to Madrid (9 spearman, 1 archer). The new builds will stay in Zaragoza for now. So Zaragoza after this turn: will have 2 spearman (new) + maybe the 2 spearmen arriving from Pamplona at end of turn? Actually, the 2 spearmen from Pamplona arrive at end of turn 10, so they will be there for turn 11. So Zaragoza's garrison at start of turn 11 will be 2 (new) + 2 (arriving) = 4 spearman. That's okay.

- Huesca [20]: build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 knight? Let's build 2 spearman. Send existing 3 spearman, 1 archer to Madrid? Huesca to Madrid: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. So we can send them. Let's send all 4 to Madrid.

- Valencia [16]: we plan to send all 6 troops to Toledo (2 knights, 4 spearman). Also build: Valencia has wood 30, iron 70. It can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Let's build 1 knight, since it has iron and we want knights for fast response. Or build 2 spearman. Let's build 1 knight. So Valencia will have 1 knight (new) + the 6 sent? Actually, we send the existing 6, so after send, Valencia has 0, but then the new build will be there next turn. So at start of turn 11, Valencia will have 1 knight.

- Teruel [13]: send the 1 knight to Toledo (1 turn). Build: Teruel has wood 30, iron 50. Can build 2 spearman or 1 knight. Let's build 2 spearman. So Teruel will have 2 spearman next turn.

- Madrid [12]: we send all 15 to Salamanca. Build: Madrid has wood 40, iron 50. Can build 2 spearman or 1 knight. Let's build 2 spearman to start rebuilding. So at start of turn 11, Madrid will have the 2 spearman (new) + the 10 from Zaragoza (arriving end of turn 10) = 12 troops. Good.

- Pamplona [19]: has 1 archer at home (2 spearmen already marching). We can send the 1 archer to Madrid? Or to Zaragoza? Pamplona to Madrid: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast. So archer takes 2 medium turns? Actually, archer is medium speed. The report says "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So archers take 2 turns. So if we send the archer now, it arrives at end of turn 11. We can send it to Madrid. Or we can build in Pamplona. Pamplona has wood 40, iron 50. Can build 2 spearman or 1 knight. Let's build 2 spearman. Send the 1 archer to Madrid.

- Toledo [8]: we send 1 knight to Badajoz, and 14 spearman to Cordoba. So Toledo becomes empty. Build: Toledo has wood 30, iron 50. Can build 2 spearman or 1 knight. Let's build 2 spearman. So at start of turn 11, Toledo will have 2 spearman (new) + any reinforcements arriving (from Valencia: 2 knights arrive end of turn 10, 4 spearman arrive end of turn 11; from Teruel: 1 knight arrives end of turn 10; from Castellon: 2 spearman arrive end of turn 11). So Toledo will get reinforcements over time.

- Badajoz [4]: we are not sending from Badajoz. We might want to build there. Badajoz has wood 30, iron 40. Can build 2 spearman or 1 knight. Let's build 2 spearman to increase garrison. Badajoz currently has 6 troops. We also receive the knight from Toledo at end of turn 10, so garrison becomes 7 + 2 new = 9? Actually, the knight arrives end of turn 10, so for turn 11 it will be 6 + 1 knight + 2 new spearman = 9 troops. Good.

Now, we also need to consider the enemy's actions. The enemy is sending two armies to Badajoz. They will arrive and attack. Our Badajoz garrison at the start of turn 10 is 6. The knight from Toledo will arrive at the end of turn 10, so it will be present for the defense? The timing: all movements occur simultaneously. The enemy armies march to Badajoz and arrive at the end of turn 10. Our knight from Toledo also marches and arrives at the end of turn 10. So at the moment of combat, both are present. So the garrison will be 6 + 1 knight = 7 troops. Then combat occurs. The enemy armies will attack one at a time. Our effective defense with the additional knight: original effective defense 15. Adding a knight (defense 2, village bonus x1.25 = 2.5) gives about 17.5. We'll see.

We also need to consider that the enemy might send troops to Salamanca or Cordoba to defend them. But we are attacking them with overwhelming force. Salamanca has 8 defense, we send 15 troops with attack 37. Even if the enemy reinforces Salamanca, we might still win. Cordoba is empty, so no defense.

What about the enemy capital Lisboa? We don't know its garrison. We might want to send troops to explore. But we can do that later.

Now, let's write the plan and statement.

Plan: We are focusing on capturing Cordoba and Salamanca this turn to expand our territory. We send all troops from Toledo to Cordoba (empty) and from Madrid to Salamanca (weak). We reinforce Badajoz with a knight from Toledo. We send reinforcements from interior villages to Madrid and Toledo to maintain their garrisons. We build troops in all villages to grow our army. Next turn, we will have 14 villages. We will then push into the south: from Cordoba we can attack Sevilha and Faro; from Salamanca we can attack Coimbra and Porto. We also need to explore the unexplored areas to find more enemy villages and neutrals. Our ultimate goal is to reach 18 villages or eliminate the enemy.

Statement: We launched a double offensive, sending our full force from Madrid to Salamanca and from Toledo to Cordoba, capturing two villages in one turn. We reinforced Badajoz with a knight to repel the enemy's repeated attacks. Our interior villages are building and sending reinforcements to the borders, preparing for the next wave of conquest.

Now, we need to format the JSON. The fields: build, movements, plan, statement.

Build: list of builds per village. We need to specify villageId, type, quantity.

Movements: list of fromId, toId, troops (spearman, archer, knight counts).

Let's compile the builds:

- Barcelona [22]: build 1 knight.
- Tarragona [21]: build 1 knight.
- Girona [23]: build 1 knight.
- Castellon [18]: build 2 spearman.
- Zaragoza [17]: build 2 spearman.
- Huesca [20]: build 2 spearman.
- Valencia [16]: build 1 knight.
- Teruel [13]: build 2 spearman.
- Madrid [12]: build 2 spearman.
- Pamplona [19]: build 2 spearman.
- Toledo [8]: build 2 spearman.
- Badajoz [4]: build 2 spearman.

We should check if any village cannot afford its build. Let's verify resources:

Barcelona: wood 40, iron 70. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron -> OK.
Tarragona: wood 40, iron 60 -> OK.
Girona: wood 40, iron 80 -> OK.
Castellon: wood 30, iron 50. 2 spearman cost 30 wood -> OK.
Zaragoza: wood 40, iron 70. 2 spearman cost 30 wood -> OK.
Huesca: wood 40, iron 50. 2 spearman cost 30 wood -> OK.
Valencia: wood 30, iron 70. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron -> OK.
Teruel: wood 30, iron 50. 2 spearman cost 30 wood -> OK.
Madrid: wood 40, iron 50. 2 spearman cost 30 wood -> OK.
Pamplona: wood 40, iron 50. 2 spearman cost 30 wood -> OK.
Toledo: wood 30, iron 50. 2 spearman cost 30 wood -> OK.
Badajoz: wood 30, iron 40. 2 spearman cost 30 wood -> OK.

All good.

Now movements:

We need to list each movement with fromId, toId, and troop counts.

1. From Toledo [8] to Badajoz [4]: 1 knight.
2. From Toledo [8] to Cordoba [11]: 14 spearman.
3. From Madrid [12] to Salamanca [7]: 7 spearman, 1 archer, 7 knight. (all)
4. From Zaragoza [17] to Madrid [12]: 9 spearman, 1 archer. (all 10 troops? Actually Zaragoza has 9 spearman, 1 archer. We decided to send all? Let's send 9 spearman and 1 archer. That's all.)
5. From Valencia [16] to Toledo [8]: 4 spearman, 2 knight. (all)
6. From Teruel [13] to Toledo [8]: 1 knight.
7. From Castellon [18] to Toledo [8]: 2 spearman.
8. From Barcelona [22] to Madrid [12]: 4 spearman, 1 archer.
9. From Tarragona [21] to Madrid [12]: 2 spearman, 1 archer.
10. From Girona [23] to Madrid [12]: 2 spearman, 1 archer.
11. From Huesca [20] to Madrid [12]: 3 spearman, 1 archer.
12. From Pamplona [19] to Madrid [12]: 1 archer. (only 1 archer at home)
13. From Badajoz [4]? We are not sending from Badajoz.
14. From Madrid? We already sent all.
15. From Zaragoza? We sent all.
16. We might also send from interior to other places? For example, from Pamplona we have 2 spearmen already marching to Zaragoza (ordered earlier). We don't need to order that again.

Wait, we also have the option to send from some villages to other borders. For example, from Valencia to Toledo we did. From Teruel to Toledo we did. From Castellon to Toledo we did. What about from Zaragoza to Madrid we did. From Huesca to Madrid we did. From Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona to Madrid we did. From Pamplona to Madrid we did.

We should also consider sending from Madrid to somewhere else? No, we sent all to Salamanca.

What about from Badajoz? We could send to attack Santarem or Faro, but we decided not to. So no.

Now, we need to ensure that the troop counts we send do not exceed what's available. Let's double-check each village's available troops as listed in the report:

- Barcelona: 4 spearman, 1 archer. We send 4 spearman, 1 archer. OK.
- Tarragona: 2 spearman, 1 archer. Send all. OK.
- Girona: 2 spearman, 1 archer. Send all. OK.
- Castellon: 2 spearman. Send all. OK.
- Zaragoza: 9 spearman, 1 archer. Send all. OK.
- Huesca: 3 spearman, 1 archer. Send all. OK.
- Valencia: 4 spearman, 2 knight. Send all. OK.
- Teruel: 1 knight. Send all. OK.
- Madrid: 7 spearman, 1 archer, 7 knight. Send all. OK.
- Pamplona: 1 archer. Send all. OK.
- Toledo: 14 spearman, 1 knight. Send 1 knight to Badajoz, 14 spearman to Cordoba. OK.
- Badajoz: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight. We send none. OK.

We also need to consider that some villages have troops that are already marching? The report says Pamplona has "already marching out (NOT available): 2 spearmen". So those are not available. We didn't send them.

Now, we should also think about whether we want to send any troops to neutral villages to capture them. For example, Burgos [14] is neutral, connected to Madrid [12] and Pamplona [19] and Vigo [10]. We could send from Madrid to Burgos, but we are sending all from Madrid to Salamanca. We could send from Pamplona to Burgos? Pamplona has only 1 archer. We might want to capture Burgos later. For now, focus on the enemy villages.

Murcia [15] is neutral, connected to Cordoba [11] and Valencia [16]. We could send from Valencia to Murcia? Valencia to Murcia: distance? The report for Murcia says "march from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So 1 turn for all. We could send from Valencia to Murcia instead of to Toledo. But we want to reinforce Toledo. However, capturing Murcia would give us another village. We need 18 total. Currently 12. If we capture Cordoba and Salamanca, we get 14. Then we need 4 more. We could capture Murcia, Burgos, and maybe others. So capturing Murcia now would be good. But we need troops to do it. Valencia has 6 troops. If we send them to Murcia, we capture it, but then Toledo gets no reinforcement. However, Toledo is empty anyway, and we are building there. We might not need to reinforce Toledo immediately because it's not under attack. So we could send Valencia to Murcia instead. Let's consider: Murcia is neutral with 4 knights, effective defense 10. We need to attack it. Our troops from Valencia: 4 spearman, 2 knight. Attack power: spearman 4*1=4, knight 2*4=8, total 12. Their defense: 4 knights, defense 2 each, in a village? Murcia is neutral, so it's a village. Defense bonus x1.25. Base defense: 4*2=8, effective defense 10 (as given). So our attack 12 vs defense 10, we win but with losses. We might want to send more. But if we send all 6, we capture Murcia. However, we need to consider that after capturing Murcia, it becomes ours, and we can use it. But we also need to consider that if we send Valencia to Murcia, they will take 1 turn to arrive and attack. So at end of turn 10, we capture Murcia. That would give us village 13 (if we haven't captured Cordoba and Salamanca yet). But we are capturing Cordoba and Salamanca simultaneously. So we could potentially capture 3 villages this turn: Cordoba, Salamanca, and Murcia. That would bring us to 15. Then we need 3 more. That's great.

But wait: we also have the option to send from Cordoba after capturing it? No, we can't send from a village we don't own yet.

So let's evaluate: send Valencia to Murcia instead of to Toledo. Then Toledo gets no reinforcement from Valencia. But we are sending from Teruel and Castellon to Toledo, so Toledo will get some troops. Also, we are building in Toledo. So Toledo will have 2 spearman (new) + 1 knight (from Teruel) + 2 spearman (from Castellon, arriving turn 11). So Toledo will have 5 troops by turn 11. That's okay.

But what about the attack on Murcia? Murcia has 4 knights, defense 10. Our force from Valencia: 4 spearman, 2 knight. Attack: spearman 4, knight 8, total 12. But we must consider the counter triangle. The enemy garrison is 4 knights. Their most numerous is knight. Our most numerous: we have 4 spearman, 2 knight. Most numerous is spearman (4). Spearman vs knight: spearman counters knight? The rule: "spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer." So spearman vs knight: spearman counters knight, so we get a 1.5 multiplier to our force? Wait, the rule: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So if our most numerous type counters their most numerous type, our total force is multiplied by 1.5. Here, our most numerous is spearman (4), their most numerous is knight (4). Spearman counters knight, so we get 1.5x bonus. Our total attack is 12, multiplied by 1.5 = 18. Their effective defense is 10. So we win easily. But wait: the rule says "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup". So we compare our most numerous (spearman) to their most numerous (knight). Since spearman counters knight, we get the bonus. So our effective attack is 18. We would win. However, we also need to consider that when attacking, we use our attack values, and they use defense. The bonus applies to our total attack? The rule: "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So yes, total attack * 1.5. So 12 * 1.5 = 18. So we win.

But we also take losses. The winner takes losses equal to the loser's effective force? The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So we will lose some troops. We need to see how many. Our effective attack 18, their effective defense 10. We win. Our losses: we suffer attrition equal to their effective force? Actually, "attrition against the loser's effective force" means we lose troops equal to some fraction? The exact rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." It doesn't specify the amount. In previous turns, we saw attacks where we won but lost troops. We'll assume we lose some, but not all. Since we have a large margin, we should survive with most troops.

So sending Valencia to Murcia is a good move. It captures a neutral village and gives us another base. We should do it.

But then what about reinforcing Toledo? We can send from Teruel and Castellon. That's fine. We can also send from other villages to Toledo later.

Let's adjust: Valencia sends all 6 to Murcia [15] instead of to Toledo.

Then, we need to consider if we have enough troops to also send to Toledo from elsewhere. We can send from Castellon and Teruel as planned. Also, we can send from Zaragoza to Madrid, etc.

What about from Pamplona? We sent 1 archer to Madrid. We could send to Toledo instead? But Madrid needs reinforcement. We'll stick with Madrid.

Now, we also have the option to send from Cordoba after capturing it? No.

Let's rethink the overall plan for this turn:

Targets:
- Capture Cordoba [11] (empty) from Toledo.
- Capture Salamanca [7] (weak) from Madrid.
- Capture Murcia [15] (neutral, 4 knights) from Valencia.
- Reinforce Badajoz [4] with knight from Toledo.
- Send reinforcements to Madrid from Zaragoza, Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Huesca, Pamplona.
- Send reinforcements to Toledo from Teruel, Castellon.
- Build troops in all villages.

This would give us 3 new villages, bringing total to 15. We need 3 more. Next turn, we can attack from these new villages.

But we must check if we have enough troops to spare. For example, sending all from Madrid leaves Madrid with 0, but we reinforce from Zaragoza (10) and others. So Madrid will have 10+ from Zaragoza, plus arrivals from Barcelona etc. later. That's fine.

Sending all from Valencia leaves Valencia with 0, but we build 1 knight there next turn. So it will have 1 knight. That's low, but Valencia is interior and not under immediate threat. It's connected to Teruel (ours), Castellon (ours), Zaragoza (ours), and Murcia (which we capture). So it's safe.

Sending all from Toledo leaves Toledo with 0, but we reinforce from Teruel (1 knight) and Castellon (2 spearman), and build 2 spearman. So Toledo will have 1+2+2=5 troops by turn 11. Good.

Now, we need to consider the enemy's response. The enemy might attack our newly captured villages. For example, the enemy in Sevilha [9] or Faro [5] might attack Cordoba. Or the enemy in Coimbra [3] or Porto [6] might attack Salamanca. We need to have enough troops to defend. We are sending a large force to Cordoba (14 spearman) and to Salamanca (15 mixed). So those garrisons will be strong. Murcia will have 6 troops (4 spearman, 2 knight) after capture, which might be enough to defend against attacks from Faro or Sevilha? Murcia is connected to Cordoba [11] and Valencia [16] and [15] itself. The enemy could attack from Faro [5] to Murcia? Road: Faro [5] connects to [2], [4], [9]. Not directly to Murcia. So Murcia is safe from Faro. From Sevilha [9] to Murcia? Sevilha connects to [4], [5], [11]. Not directly to Murcia. So Murcia is only connected to Cordoba and Valencia. Since both will be ours, Murcia is safe.

So the attacks seem feasible.

Now, we need to write the movements carefully. Let's list all movements with exact troop counts.

From Toledo [8]:
- to Badajoz [4]: 1 knight
- to Cordoba [11]: 14 spearman

From Madrid [12]:
- to Salamanca [7]: 7 spearman, 1 archer, 7 knight

From Valencia [16]:
- to Murcia [15]: 4 spearman, 2 knight

From Zaragoza [17]:
- to Madrid [12]: 9 spearman, 1 archer

From Teruel [13]:
- to Toledo [8]: 1 knight

From Castellon [18]:
- to Toledo [8]: 2 spearman

From Barcelona [22]:
- to Madrid [12]: 4 spearman, 1 archer

From Tarragona [21]:
- to Madrid [12]: 2 spearman, 1 archer

From Girona [23]:
- to Madrid [12]: 2 spearman, 1 archer

From Huesca [20]:
- to Madrid [12]: 3 spearman, 1 archer

From Pamplona [19]:
- to Madrid [12]: 1 archer

We are not sending from Badajoz.

Now, check if any of these movements are invalid because the destination is not reachable? All are along roads.

We also need to consider that some of these movements might intercept each other? The rule: "Armies on different roads never meet, even where the roads look close on the map." So they won't interfere.

Now, we need to write the plan and statement.

Plan: "We are launching a triple offensive this turn: capturing Cordoba from Toledo, Salamanca from Madrid, and Murcia from Valencia. We reinforce Badajoz with a knight from Toledo to hold against the enemy's attacks. We send all available troops from interior villages to Madrid and Toledo to maintain strong garrisons after the attacks. We build troops in every village to replenish our forces. This will bring our village count to 15. Next turn, we will push from our new bases: from Cordoba into Sevilha and Faro, from Salamanca into Coimbra and Porto, and from Murcia further south. We will also explore the unexplored areas to locate the enemy capital and remaining villages. Our goal is to reach 18 villages or eliminate the enemy."

Statement: "In a bold double-pronged strike, we took Cordoba and Salamanca, while also capturing the neutral Murcia. Our forces overwhelmed the enemy defenses, and we reinforced Badajoz to repel their counterattacks. The interior villages are buzzing with activity, building and sending troops to the front. We now have 15 villages and are poised to expand further."

Now, we need to format the JSON. Let's create the build list. We'll list each build as an object.

Builds:
[
  {"villageId": 22, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 21, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 23, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 18, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 17, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 20, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 16, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 13, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 12, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 19, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 8, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 4, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
]

Movements:
[
  {"fromId": 8, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
  {"fromId": 8, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 14, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
  {"fromId": 12, "toId": 7, "troops": {"spearman": 7, "archer": 1, "knight": 7}},
  {"fromId": 16, "toId": 15, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}},
  {"fromId": 17, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 9, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}},
  {"fromId": 13, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
  {"fromId": 18, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
  {"fromId": 22, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}},
  {"fromId": 21, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}},
  {"fromId": 23, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}},
  {"fromId": 20, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}},
  {"fromId": 19, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}}
]

We should also consider if we want to send any troops to the enemy capital or other unexplored areas. We don't have information, so we can't send directly. We could send to a known village and then explore. But for now, this is fine.

Now, let's double-check the troop counts from each village to ensure we don't exceed what's available. We already did.

One more thing: the report says for Valencia: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight". So we send 4 spearman, 2 knight. OK.

For Toledo: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 7 spearman, 1 archer, 7 knight" - wait, that's for Madrid. For Toledo: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 14 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight". So we send 14 spearman and 1 knight. OK.

For Madrid: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 7 spearman, 1 archer, 7 knight". We send all. OK.

For Zaragoza: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 9 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight". We send 9 spearman, 1 archer. OK.

For Teruel: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight". We send 1 knight. OK.

For Castellon: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight". We send 2 spearman. OK.

For Barcelona: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 4 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight". We send 4 spearman, 1 archer. OK.

For Tarragona: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight". OK.

For Girona: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight". OK.

For Huesca: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 3 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight". OK.

For Pamplona: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight". OK.

For Badajoz: we send none.

Now, we need to write the plan and statement in English. The plan should be 2-6 lines, under 600 characters. Let's count characters.

Plan: "We are launching a triple offensive this turn: capturing Cordoba from Toledo, Salamanca from Madrid, and Murcia from Valencia. We reinforce Badajoz with a knight from Toledo to hold against the enemy's attacks. We send all available troops from interior villages to Madrid and Toledo to maintain strong garrisons after the attacks. We build troops in every village to replenish our forces. This will bring our village count to 15. Next turn, we will push from our new bases: from Cordoba into Sevilha and Faro, from Salamanca into Coimbra and Porto, and from Murcia further south. We will also explore the unexplored areas to locate the enemy capital and remaining villages. Our goal is to reach 18 villages or eliminate the enemy."

That's quite long. Let's shorten it to under 600 characters. 600 characters is about 100 words. We can condense.

"Plan: Triple offensive: take Cordoba (Toledo), Salamanca (Madrid), Murcia (Valencia). Reinforce Badajoz with knight from Toledo. Send all interior troops to Madrid/Toledo to maintain garrisons. Build in all villages. This brings us to 15 villages. Next turn: push from Cordoba to Sevilha/Faro, from Salamanca to Coimbra/Porto, explore unexplored. Goal: 18 villages or eliminate enemy."

That's shorter. Let's count: "Plan: Triple offensive: take Cordoba (Toledo), Salamanca (Madrid), Murcia (Valencia). Reinforce Badajoz with knight from Toledo. Send all interior troops to Madrid/Toledo to maintain garrisons. Build in all villages. This brings us to 15 villages. Next turn: push from Cordoba to Sevilha/Faro, from Salamanca to Coimbra/Porto, explore unexplored. Goal: 18 villages or eliminate enemy." Characters: roughly 300. Good.

Statement: "In a bold triple strike, we captured Cordoba, Salamanca, and Murcia, while reinforcing Badajoz against enemy attacks. Our armies overwhelmed the defenses, and we are now at 15 villages. The interior is building and sending reinforcements to the front. We are poised to expand further next turn."

Now, we need to output the JSON. Let's make sure the format is correct. The JSON should have keys: "build", "movements", "plan", "statement". All values as specified.

We should also consider if we need to include any other orders? For example, we might want to send the 2 spearmen from Pamplona that are already marching? They are already marching, so we don't need to order them again. The report says they are marching and will arrive in 1 turn. So they are not available to send now, but they are already on their way. So we don't include them in movements.

Also, we should check if any of our movements will be affected by the enemy armies on the march. The enemy has two armies marching toward Badajoz. They will arrive and attack. Our knight from Toledo to Badajoz will also arrive. They might meet on the road? The rule: "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there". But our knight is going to Badajoz, and the enemy armies are going to Badajoz. They are on the same road? The enemy armies are marching toward Badajoz from where? We don't know their origin. They could be from Santarem [1] or Faro [5] or Sevilha [9]. If they are on the same road as our knight (from Toledo to Badajoz), they might meet on the road. But our knight is marching to Badajoz, and the enemy armies are also marching to Badajoz. If they are on the same stretch of road, they could meet and fight before arriving. However, the rule says: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So if they meet on the road, they fight there. But if they are both heading to Badajoz, they might be on different roads? The road network: Badajoz is connected to [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. Our knight comes from Toledo [8] via the road to Badajoz. The enemy armies could come from [1] (Santarem), [5] (Faro), [9] (Sevilha), or [7] (Salamanca). If they come from different directions, they would be on different roads. They would only meet if they are on the same road. Since our knight is on the road from Toledo, if an enemy army is also on that road (e.g., from Salamanca? But Salamanca is enemy, but it's connected to Badajoz? Road: [7] Salamanca connects to [3], [4], [6], [12]. So Salamanca is connected to Badajoz. So an enemy army from Salamanca would be on the same road as our knight? Actually, our knight is from Toledo to Badajoz. Toledo is [8], Badajoz is [4]. The road between them is direct. Salamanca [7] is also connected to Badajoz, but that's a different road. So they would not meet on the road; they would both arrive at Badajoz and then attack. The rule: "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there: head-on, or when one catches up with the other on the same stretch of road." So if they are on different roads, they don't meet until they reach the village. So our knight should be safe.

Now, we need to ensure that our movements to Cordoba and Salamanca don't encounter enemy armies on the road. For Cordoba: from Toledo to Cordoba. Are there any enemy armies on that road? We don't know. The enemy might have troops in Sevilha that could march to Cordoba. But we haven't seen them. The report only shows enemy armies marching toward Badajoz. So likely no interference.

For Salamanca: from Madrid to Salamanca. The enemy might have troops in Coimbra or Porto marching to Salamanca. But we haven't seen them. So probably safe.

Now, let's finalize the JSON. We'll write it compactly.

One more thing: we should consider if we want to send any troops to the neutral village Burgos [14] from Madrid? We are sending all from Madrid to Salamanca. We could instead send some to Burgos. But capturing Salamanca is more important because it's enemy and opens the west. Burgos is neutral, we can take it later. So we stick with Salamanca.

Also, we might want to send from Pamplona to Burgos? Pamplona has 1 archer. Burgos is connected to Pamplona [19]? Road: [14] Burgos: [10], [12], [19]. So yes, Pamplona to Burgos is direct. Distance? The report for Pamplona says "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". For Burgos, it might be similar. We could send the 1 archer to Burgos to capture it? Burgos has 5 spearmen, effective defense 13. Our 1 archer has attack 2, not enough. So we shouldn't.

What about from Zaragoza to Burgos? Zaragoza is connected to Madrid, not directly to Burgos. So no.

So we'll leave Burgos for now.

Now, let's write the JSON.

We need to be careful with the troop types: "spearman", "archer", "knight". All lowercase.

Let's build the JSON object.

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 13, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 12, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 19, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 8, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 4, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 8, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 8, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 14, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 12, "toId": 7, "troops": {"spearman": 7, "archer": 1, "knight": 7}},
    {"fromId": 16, "toId": 15, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 17, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 9, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 13, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 18, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 22, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 21, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 23, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 20, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 19, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}}
  ],
  "plan": "Triple offensive: take Cordoba (Toledo), Salamanca (Madrid), Murcia (Valencia). Reinforce Badajoz with knight from Toledo. Send all interior troops to Madrid/Toledo to maintain garrisons. Build in all villages. This brings us to 15 villages. Next turn: push from Cordoba to Sevilha/Faro, from Salamanca to Coimbra/Porto, explore unexplored. Goal: 18 villages or eliminate enemy.",
  "statement": "In a bold triple strike, we captured Cordoba, Salamanca, and Murcia, while reinforcing Badajoz against enemy attacks. Our armies overwhelmed the defenses, and we are now at 15 villages. The interior is building and sending reinforcements to the front. We are poised to expand further next turn."
}

We should check if any village is sending troops that it doesn't have. For example, Zaragoza sends 9 spearman and 1 archer. It has exactly that. Good.

One potential issue: we are sending 14 spearman from Toledo to Cordoba. But Toledo has 14 spearman. However, we also send 1 knight from Toledo to Badajoz. So Toledo sends all its troops. That's fine.

Now, we need to consider the order of battles. When we attack Salamanca with 7 spearman, 1 archer, 7 knight, we need to compute the attack. We already did: total attack 37, defense 8, win. But we also need to consider that the enemy might have reinforcements arriving at Salamanca this turn. We don't know. If they do, our attack might be against a larger force. But we are sending a very large force, so it's likely we still win.

Similarly, for Murcia: we send 4 spearman, 2 knight. Attack 12, with counter bonus 1.5 = 18, defense 10, win.

For Cordoba: 14 spearman, attack 14, defense 0, win.

Now, we should also think about the possibility of the enemy attacking our newly captured villages on the same turn they are captured? No, because combat happens after movement. We capture them at the end of the turn, so they are ours for the next turn.

Now, let's consider if we have enough resources to build all these. We checked each village's stock. But we need to ensure that after sending troops, the village still has resources to build? The builds are ordered this turn, and they use the current resources. The resources are not consumed by sending troops; only by building. So we just need to have the resources at the start of the turn. The report gives the current wood and iron. We used those numbers. So it's fine.

One more thing: the rule "Cap per village: when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building". None are near 300.

Now, we should output the JSON. We need to make sure it's valid JSON. We'll write it without pretty-printing, but it's okay.

Let's double-check the plan text length: "Triple offensive: take Cordoba (Toledo), Salamanca (Madrid), Murcia (Valencia). Reinforce Badajoz with knight from Toledo. Send all interior troops to Madrid/Toledo to maintain garrisons. Build in all villages. This brings us to 15 villages. Next turn: push from Cordoba to Sevilha/Faro, from Salamanca to Coimbra/Porto, explore unexplored. Goal: 18 villages or eliminate enemy." That's 334 characters. Under 600.

Statement: "In a bold triple strike, we captured Cordoba, Salamanca, and Murcia, while reinforcing Badajoz against enemy attacks. Our armies overwhelmed the defenses, and we are now at 15 villages. The interior is building and sending reinforcements to the front. We are poised to expand further next turn." That's 261 characters. Good.

Now, final JSON. We'll write it as a single line? The instructions say "Reply with ONE valid JSON object and nothing else - no text before or after it." So we can output the JSON object.

Let's make sure we didn't miss any movements. For example, we have troops from Pamplona to Zaragoza already marching. We don't need to order that. Also, we have 2 spearmen from Pamplona to Zaragoza arriving in 1 turn. That's already in progress.

What about the enemy armies? We don't control them.

Now, we should consider if we want to send any troops to the unexplored villages. We can't because we don't know where they are exactly? We know the road network, so we can send to a known village and then explore. For example, we could send from Salamanca to Coimbra [3] after we capture Salamanca. But we can't do that this turn because we don't own Salamanca yet. So no.

We could send from Madrid to Burgos [14]? We are sending all from Madrid to Salamanca. We could instead send some to Burgos. But we decided Salamanca is better.

What about from Toledo to somewhere else? We sent to Cordoba and Badajoz.

I think this is a solid plan.

Let's write the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":8,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":8,"destinoId":11,"tropas":{"lanceiro":14,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":12,"destinoId":7,"tropas":{"lanceiro":7,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":7}},{"origemId":16,"destinoId":15,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":17,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":9,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":13,"destinoId":8,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":18,"destinoId":8,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":22,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":21,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":23,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":20,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":3,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":19,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":0}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [20]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [20]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [13]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [13]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [12]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [12]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [8]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [8]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO envio [8]->[4]: 1K
ACEITO envio [8]->[11]: 14S
ACEITO envio [12]->[7]: 7S+1A+7K
ACEITO envio [16]->[15]: 4S+2K (alvo neutra cavaleiro)
ACEITO envio [17]->[12]: 9S+1A
ACEITO envio [13]->[8]: 1K
ACEITO envio [18]->[8]: 2S
ACEITO envio [22]->[12]: 4S+1A
ACEITO envio [21]->[12]: 2S+1A
ACEITO envio [23]->[12]: 2S+1A
ACEITO envio [20]->[12]: 3S+1A
ACEITO envio [19]->[12]: 1A
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Triple offensive: take Cordoba (Toledo), Salamanca (Madrid), Murcia (Valencia). Reinforce Badajoz with knight from Toledo. Send all interior troops to Madrid/Toledo to maintain garrisons. Build in all villages. This brings us to 15 villages. Next turn: push from Cordoba to Sevilha/Faro, from Salamanca to Coimbra/Porto, explore unexplored. Goal: 18 villages or eliminate enemy.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): In a bold triple strike, we captured Cordoba, Salamanca, and Murcia, while reinforcing Badajoz against enemy attacks. Our armies overwhelmed the defenses, and we are now at 15 villages. The interior is building and sending reinforcements to the front. We are poised to expand further next turn.
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 5S
REFORCO [12] Madrid dono B: 2S
REFORCO [12] Madrid dono B: 1K
REFORCO [12] Madrid dono B: 2K
REFORCO [12] Madrid dono B: 1K
REFORCO [12] Madrid dono B: 2K
REFORCO [8] Toledo dono B: 6S
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 2S
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 2S
REFORCO [22] Barcelona dono B: 2S
REFORCO [16] Valencia dono B: 2S+1K
REFORCO [7] Salamanca dono A: 2S
COMBATE [4] Badajoz: atacante A Fatk=2 (ef 3) Fdef=12 (ef 15) vant=1 -> vence defensor | baixas~1
COMBATE [4] Badajoz: atacante A Fatk=4 (ef 4) Fdef=12 (ef 15) vant=0 -> vence defensor | baixas~2
COMBATE [4] Badajoz: atacante A Fatk=4 (ef 4) Fdef=12 (ef 23) vant=-1 -> vence defensor | baixas~1
REFORCO [5] Faro dono A: 1K
REFORCO [6] Porto dono A: 1K
COMBATE [4] Badajoz: atacante A Fatk=4 (ef 4) Fdef=12 (ef 15) vant=0 -> vence defensor | baixas~2
COMBATE [10] Vigo: atacante A Fatk=2 (ef 3) Fdef=8 (ef 10) vant=1 -> vence defensor | baixas~1
COMBATE [15] Murcia: atacante A Fatk=6 (ef 6) Fdef=8 (ef 15) vant=-1 -> vence defensor | baixas~2
placar: A 9 ald/tropas 9 | B 12 ald/tropas 6 | neutras 3 | transito 18 (A 5 | B 13)

########## TURNO 11 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3774 | resposta 25611 | raciocinio 23289 | finish stop | ms 291069
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 9, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 0, \"toId\": 1, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 2, \"toId\": 5, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"I am building in all villages to increase my forces. I sent spearman from Lisbon to Santarem and from Evora to Faro to reinforce my borders. I will attack Vigo next turn with Porto's knights and newly built spearman. I need to watch for enemy attacks on Coimbra and Porto, and continue gathering spearman at Santarem for the eventual attack on Badajoz.\",\n  \"statement\": \"I am strengthening my borders and preparing for the assault on Vigo. My troops are building, and reinforcements are on the way. The enemy may attack, but I am ready.\"\n}"
raciocinio: We need to parse the situation. The user is King A, playing a game. The current state is Turn 11. We have 7 villages, need to hold 18 out of 24 to win for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. Currently hold 7 of 24. Enemy capital is Barcelona (unknown garrison). Enemy villages: Badajoz, Salamanca, Cordoba, Toledo, Madrid, Teruel, Murcia (neutral), Zaragoza, Valencia, Castellon, Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona, Barcelona, Girona. Some are neutral: Vigo, Murcia (last seen neutral). We need to decide orders for this turn.

We need to output JSON with build, movements, plan, statement.

We must read the current state:

Our villages:
[0] Lisboa: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. Resources: wood 30, iron 40. Effective defense 6. Can send 2 spearman.
[1] Santarem: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. wood 40, iron 50. Effective defense 10. Can send 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
[2] Evora: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. wood 40, iron 50. Effective defense 5. Can send 2 spearman.
[3] Coimbra: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. wood 40, iron 40. Effective defense 5. Can send 2 spearman.
[5] Faro: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. wood 40, iron 50. Effective defense 13. Can send 2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight.
[6] Porto: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight. wood 30, iron 20. Effective defense 8. Can send 3 knight.
[9] Sevilha: 2 spearman, 0 archer,  knight. wood 40, iron 40. Effective defense 8. Can send 2 spearman, 1 knight.

Enemy villages we can see:
[4] Badajoz: enemy, garrison 3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knights. Effective defense 18. March from Faro: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast.
[7] Salamanca: enemy, garrison 5 spearman, 1 archer, 5 knights. Effective defense 28. March from Porto: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast.
[10] Vigo: neutral, 4 knights. Effective defense 10. March from Porto: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast.
[11] Cordoba: enemy, 11 spearmen. Effective defense 28. March from Sevilha: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast.

Known from before:
[8] Toledo: enemy, last seen 14 spearman, 1 knight. March from Faro: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast.
[13] Teruel: enemy, last seen 2 archers, 2 knights. March from Faro: 3 slow/2 medium/2 fast.
[12] Madrid: enemy, last seen 7 spearman, 1 archer, 7 knights. March from Porto: 2 slow/2 medium/1 fast.
[15] Murcia: neutral, last seen 4 knights. March from Sevilha: 2 slow/2 medium/2 fast.

Unexplored: [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza, [16] Valencia, [18] Castellon, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona (enemy capital), [23] Girona.

Road network: many connections.

We need to decide builds and movements.

First, we need to consider our plan from last turn: "Capture Vigo next turn (3 knights from Porto, attack 12 > 10). Gather spearman at Santarem for Badajoz (~turn 13): receive from Lisboa/Coimbra, keep building. Salamanca reinforced (knight + 2 archer); if Madrid attacks it may fall - accept and counter later. Do NOT attack Badajoz until Santarem has 8+ spearman with support. Build in all villages every turn."

But the map has changed: Salamanca is now enemy (was ours? Actually last turn we had Salamanca? In the current state, Salamanca is enemy with garrison 5 spearman, 1 archer, 5 knights. It was conquered by King B last turn. So we lost Salamanca. Also, we attacked Badajoz twice and lost. Our reinforcements arrived: 1 knight at Santarem, 1 knight at Salamanca? Wait, the note says "Your reinforcement (1 knight) arrived at [7] Salamanca" but Salamanca is now enemy. That suggests we sent a knight there, but then it was conquered by enemy, so that knight might be lost? Actually the reinforcement arrived, but then the enemy attacked and conquered it. So the knight may have been lost. The note also says "Your reinforcement (1 knight) arrived at [1] Santarem" and "Your reinforcement (1 archer) arrived at [5] Faro". So we have those.

Now we need to decide what to do this turn.

We have 7 villages, need to expand. The enemy has many villages. We need to capture Vigo (neutral) to get a foothold, and then expand into enemy territory. But we need to be careful about army sizes.

Let's analyze our resources and builds.

We need to build troops. Each village produces resources per turn: wood 30, iron 20. But each village has its own stock. We need to check if we can build anything.

We need to order builds for each village. We can build spearman (15 wood, 0 iron), archer (20 wood, 10 iron), knight (30 wood, 30 iron). We need to see if we have enough resources.

Let's list each village's resources and current troops:

Lisboa: wood 30, iron 40. Can build: spearman (15 wood) -> can build 2? Actually 30 wood, so 2 spearman (30 wood). But we also need to consider if we want to build something else. Iron 40, so can build archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> we have wood 30, so can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 30 iron. Or knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> can build 1 knight, leaving 0 wood, 10 iron. But we also have troops at home: 2 spearman. We can build more.

But we need to decide what to build based on our strategy.

Our plan from last turn: gather spearman at Santarem for Badajoz. We need to send spearman from Lisboa and Coimbra to Santarem. But we also need to build new ones.

We also need to capture Vigo with 3 knights from Porto. Porto has 3 knights. We can send them to Vigo. Vigo has 4 knights, defense 10. Our 3 knights have attack 4 each, total attack 12. But we need to consider counter: knight vs knight? No counter bonus. Defense of Vigo: effective defense 10 (includes location bonus). Our attack: 3 knights * 4 = 12. So we would win? But we need to compute effective force. The combat rules: when attacking, our troops count their ATTACK; defender counts DEFENSE. The most numerous type sets counter matchup. Here both are knights, so no counter bonus. So our effective force = 12, defender = 10. We win, but we take losses. The winner takes losses against the loser's effective force. The loser's effective force is 10? Actually the rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So we would lose some troops. We need to see if we can afford losses. We have 3 knights, we might lose some. But we can reinforce from other villages? Not easily.

Alternatively, we could build more troops first. But we need to act now.

Also, we need to consider that the enemy might attack our villages. We need to defend.

Let's check our border villages: Santarem borders Badajoz (enemy). Coimbra borders Salamanca (enemy). Faro borders Badajoz and Sevilha? Actually Faro borders [4] Badajoz and [9] Sevilha (ours). So Faro is safe? Porto borders Salamanca (enemy) and Vigo (neutral). Sevilha borders Badajoz and Cordoba (enemy).

We need to reinforce our border villages to prevent enemy attacks.

Let's see enemy garrisons: Badajoz has 3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knights. Salamanca has 5 spearman, 1 archer, 5 knights. Cordoba has 11 spearmen. These are large.

We need to be careful.

Our plan from last turn said: "Do NOT attack Badajoz until Santarem has 8+ spearman with support." Currently Santarem has 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. So not enough.

We need to gather spearman at Santarem. We can send spearman from Lisboa (2) and Coimbra (2) to Santarem. But they would take time. From Lisboa to Santarem: 1 slow turn (spearman are slow). From Coimbra to Santarem: Coimbra to [1] Santarem? Road: Coimbra [3] connects to [1] Santarem and [6] Porto and [7] Salamanca. So from Coimbra to Santarem is 1 slow turn? The report says from Coimbra to nearest border village [6] Porto? Actually the report says for Coimbra: "from here to your nearest border village [6] Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". But we need to go to Santarem. The road network: [3] Coimbra: [1], [6], [7]. So Coimbra connects directly to Santarem [1]. So march from Coimbra to Santarem would be 1 slow turn. Similarly, Lisboa to Santarem is 1 slow turn.

So we can send spearman from Lisboa and Coimbra to Santarem. They would arrive next turn? Actually travel time: 1 slow turn means they arrive at the end of the next turn? The rules: "march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns" means number of turns to travel. So 1 slow turn means they arrive at the next turn? Probably they arrive after 1 turn, i.e., at the beginning of the next turn? We need to interpret: "march from [5] Faro: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means if you send slow troops, they take 1 turn to arrive. So they would be available at the next turn. So we can send them now, they arrive next turn.

But we also need to consider that we might want to build new troops. We should build in all villages every turn.

Let's decide on builds:

We need to produce troops to eventually attack Badajoz. We need spearman, and support from archers or knights. The counter triangle: spearman counters knight, archer counters spearman, knight counters archer. Badajoz has 3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knights. The most numerous type is spearman and knights tied at 3. The rule: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So tie breaks in favor of spearman. So Badajoz's most numerous type is spearman. That means they count as spearman for counter? Actually the rule: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup". So if we attack, our most numerous type sets our counter, and their most numerous type sets theirs. Then we check if our type counters theirs. If we have spearman as most numerous, and they have spearman, no counter bonus. If we have archer as most numerous, archer counters spearman, so we get 1.5x multiplier. If we have knight, knight counters archer, but they have spearman, so no counter. So to get a bonus against Badajoz, we need our most numerous type to be archer (since they have spearman as most numerous). But we also need to have enough troops to win.

Alternatively, we could send a mixed army where our most numerous is something else. But we need to plan.

Our plan says gather spearman at Santarem. But if we attack with spearman as most numerous, we don't get a counter bonus against Badajoz's spearman. However, we might still win by sheer numbers.

But we also need to consider that we can send troops from multiple villages? The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So we cannot combine armies from different villages in one attack. We must send one army from one village. So we need to build up a single village's garrison to attack a target.

So we need to choose which village will attack Badajoz. Santarem is closest (1 turn). Faro is also 1 turn. Sevilha is 1 turn? Actually Sevilha to Badajoz: road [9] Sevilha connects to [4] Badajoz? Yes, [9]: [4], [5], [11]. So Sevilha to Badajoz is 1 turn. So we have multiple options.

But we need to gather troops at one village. We can send reinforcements from other villages to that village.

Now, what about Vigo? It's neutral, 4 knights. We could attack with Porto's 3 knights. But we might lose. We could build more knights at Porto? Porto has wood 30, iron 20. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. We don't have enough iron. So we can't build knights at Porto. We could build archers or spearman. But we need to consider that if we attack Vigo, we might lose knights, and then Porto would be weak.

Alternatively, we could send troops from other villages to Porto to reinforce, then attack Vigo. But travel times: from other villages to Porto: Lisboa to Porto? Road: Lisboa [0] connects to [1] Santarem and [2] Evora. Not directly to Porto. So we'd need to go through Santarem? Actually Lisboa to Porto: Lisboa -> Santarem -> Coimbra -> Porto. That's 3 slow turns. Too long.

So we need to decide whether to attack Vigo now or later.

Our plan from last turn said "Capture Vigo next turn (3 knights from Porto, attack 12 > 10)". So we intended to attack with 3 knights. But we need to see if we can win with acceptable losses.

Let's compute combat for Vigo: Attacker: 3 knights (attack 4 each, total 12). Defender: 4 knights (defense 2 each, but effective defense includes location bonus. The report says effective defense (location bonus included): 10. So total defense = 10. Most numerous type: both knights, no counter. Effective force: attacker 12, defender 10. Attacker wins. Losses: attacker takes losses against defender's effective force? The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So the loser's effective force is 10? Actually the loser is defender with effective force 10. So attacker loses some troops. How many? The rule doesn't specify exact number, but typically in these games, losses are proportional. We might lose some knights. We need to estimate. Usually, the winner loses a number of troops equal to the loser's effective force divided by something? Actually the rule says: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." It doesn't give a formula. In many similar games, losses are determined by comparing forces. We might assume that the winner loses troops equal to the loser's effective force divided by the winner's attack? Or something. But we can't be sure. We need to be cautious.

If we lose all 3 knights, we lose Porto's garrison. But we might still win and capture Vigo. Then Vigo would become ours, and we can use its resources. Vigo produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn? Actually each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn. So capturing Vigo would boost our economy.

But we need to consider that if we lose all knights, Porto would be empty, and we might be vulnerable to enemy attack from Salamanca. Salamanca has 5 spearman, 1 archer, 5 knights. If they attack Porto, we would have no defense. So we need to keep some defense.

Maybe we should build more troops first. We can build spearman at many villages. We need to gather resources.

Let's check each village's ability to build:

Lisboa: wood 30, iron 40. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). We also have 2 spearman at home. We might want to build more spearman to send to Santarem. But we need to pay wood. If we build 2 spearman, we use all wood, leaving iron 40. We can also build something else? We could build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 30 iron. Then we could build another spearman? 10 wood not enough for spearman (15). So we could build 1 archer and 1 spearman? That would be 20+15=35 wood, we have 30, so no. So options: 2 spearman, or 1 archer, or 1 knight, or 1 spearman + something? 1 spearman (15 wood) leaves 15 wood, then we could build another spearman? 15 wood exactly for second spearman, so 2 spearman. Or we could build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and have 10 wood left, can't build spearman. So best is 2 spearman.

But we also need to consider that we might want to build archers or knights for later. However, our plan is to gather spearman at Santarem. So building spearman at Lisboa and sending them to Santarem makes sense.

Santarem: wood 40, iron 50. Can build: spearman (15 wood) -> 2 spearman (30 wood) leaving 10 wood, 50 iron. Or archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) leaving 0 wood, 30 iron. Or knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 10 wood, 20 iron. Or combinations. We need to decide what to build at Santarem. Since we want to eventually attack Badajoz, we might want to build spearman and maybe archers. But we also need to defend Santarem. Currently it has 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. We could build more.

Evora: wood 40, iron 50. Similar. It has 2 spearman. We might want to build spearman to send to Faro or Santarem? But Evora is interior, no enemy border. It can send to Faro (1 turn) or Lisboa. We might want to build troops to reinforce Faro.

Coimbra: wood 40, iron 40. Has 2 spearman. Borders Salamanca (enemy). We need to defend. We could build spearman or archers.

Faro: wood 40, iron 50. Has 2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. Borders Badajoz and Sevilha. We might want to build more.

Porto: wood 30, iron 20. Has 3 knight. Can build: spearman (15 wood) -> 2 spearman (30 wood) leaving 0 wood, 20 iron. Or archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 10 iron. Or knight? Not enough iron. So we can build 2 spearman or 1 archer. We might want to build spearman to defend Porto or to send somewhere.

Sevilha: wood 40, iron 40. Has 2 spearman, 1 knight. Borders Badajoz and Cordoba. Can build: spearman (15 wood) -> 2 spearman (30 wood) leaving 10 wood, 40 iron. Or archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) leaving 0 wood, 20 iron. Or knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 10 wood, 10 iron.

Now, we need to decide on movements.

We want to capture Vigo. Should we send Porto's 3 knights now? Or build more first?

Let's consider the enemy's possible actions. The enemy writes orders simultaneously. They might attack our villages. We need to ensure our border villages can defend.

Our border villages:
- Santarem: borders Badajoz. Enemy Badajoz has 3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knights. If they attack Santarem, they would send troops. But they might not, because they have other targets.
- Coimbra: borders Salamanca. Salamanca has 5 spearman, 1 archer, 5 knights. That's a big army. If they attack Coimbra, we might lose. Coimbra has only 2 spearman, defense 5. So we need to reinforce Coimbra or hope they don't attack.
- Porto: borders Salamanca and Vigo. Salamanca could attack Porto. Porto has 3 knights, defense 8. That might hold against a small attack, but Salamanca has a large army.
- Faro: borders Badajoz. Faro has 2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight, defense 13. That's decent.
- Sevilha: borders Badajoz and Cordoba. Sevilha has 2 spearman, 1 knight, defense 8.

We need to reinforce our weakest borders. Coimbra is weak. We could send spearman from Lisboa to Coimbra? But Lisboa to Coimbra: road? Lisboa [0] connects to [1] Santarem and [2] Evora. Not directly to Coimbra. To get to Coimbra, we'd need to go through Santarem? Actually from Lisboa to Coimbra: Lisboa -> Santarem -> Coimbra. That's 2 slow turns. So we can't reinforce Coimbra quickly. We could send from Evora? Evora to Coimbra: Evora [2] connects to [0] Lisboa and [5] Faro. Not directly to Coimbra. So no direct road. So Coimbra is isolated from our other villages except through Santarem. So we might need to send from Santarem to Coimbra? Santarem to Coimbra is 1 slow turn. But Santarem is also a border. We could send some troops from Santarem to Coimbra, but that weakens Santarem.

Alternatively, we could build more troops at Coimbra itself. Coimbra has wood 40, iron 40. We can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or something. That would increase its garrison to 4 spearman, defense maybe higher. But we need to decide.

We also need to consider that the enemy might attack Badajoz? No, Badajoz is theirs.

Our plan from last turn said: "Gather spearman at Santarem for Badajoz (~turn 13): receive from Lisboa/Coimbra, keep building." So we intended to send spearman from Lisboa and Coimbra to Santarem. But if we send from Coimbra, we weaken Coimbra. Maybe we should send from Lisboa to Santarem, and from Coimbra to Santarem? But Coimbra to Santarem is 1 turn. So we can send Coimbra's spearman to Santarem, but then Coimbra would be empty. That's risky.

Maybe we should build new spearman at Santarem and keep the ones we have.

Let's think about the overall strategy. We need to capture 18 villages. We currently have 7. The enemy has many. We need to expand. The easiest targets are neutral villages (Vigo, Murcia) and then enemy villages.

Vigo is neutral, 4 knights. If we capture it, we get a village and resources. Then we can attack from Vigo into enemy territory? Vigo connects to [6] Porto and [14] Burgos. Burgos is unexplored, but likely enemy or neutral. So Vigo could be a stepping stone.

Murcia is neutral, 4 knights, but it's far: from Sevilha 2 slow turns. We could attack it later.

So capturing Vigo seems like a good first step.

But we need to decide whether to attack now or after building.

Let's simulate the attack on Vigo with 3 knights. We need to know the loss mechanic. In many games, the number of troops lost is something like: winner loses (loser's effective force) / (winner's attack) * something? Actually the rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." It might mean the winner loses a number of troops equal to the loser's effective force divided by the winner's attack? Or maybe it's a simple subtraction: winner's remaining force = winner's force - loser's force? But that would be 12 - 10 = 2, so we'd have 2 knights left. That seems plausible. In some games, the winner's force is reduced by the loser's force. But the rule says "attrition against the loser's effective force", so maybe the winner loses troops equal to the loser's effective force? That would be 10 troops, but we only have 3, so we'd be wiped out. That can't be right because then the winner would always lose if the defender has more effective force. But the rule says "A tie favors the DEFENDER." So if attacker's force is higher, they win but take losses. The losses might be proportional.

Let's look at the example in the rules: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs." "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER. The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." This is vague. In many similar text-based games, the combat is resolved by comparing total attack vs total defense, and the winner loses a number of troops equal to the loser's total force divided by the winner's attack, rounded up? Or something like that. Without a clear formula, we have to guess. But we can look at the history: "You attacked [4] Badajoz: DEFEAT (your army was lost)" twice. Badajoz had effective defense 18. We sent some troops, but we lost. So we know that attacking Badajoz with our current forces was bad.

For Vigo, defense 10, our attack 12. We should win. But we might lose some knights. If we lose 2 or 3, it's risky. But if we capture Vigo, we can use its resources to rebuild.

Alternatively, we could send a mixed army from Porto? Porto only has knights. We could build spearman or archers at Porto and send them along with knights? But if we send mixed, the speed is slowest. Knights are fast, but if we add spearman (slow), the army moves slow. But from Porto to Vigo is 1 slow turn anyway, so it doesn't matter. But we need to consider the counter. If we send, say, 2 knights and 2 spearman, most numerous is spearman (2) vs knights (2)? Tie breaks to spearman. So our most numerous is spearman. Vigo's most numerous is knight (4). Spearman counters knight! So we would get a 1.5x multiplier on our attack. That would be: our attack: spearman attack 1 each, knights attack 4 each. Total attack = 2*1 + 2*4 = 2 + 8 = 10. With counter multiplier 1.5, effective attack = 15. Defender defense: 4 knights * 2 = 8, but effective defense includes location bonus: 10. So defense 10. We'd win with 15 vs 10. And we might take fewer losses because our attack is higher? But we need to check if we can build spearman at Porto. Porto has wood 30, iron 20. We can build 2 spearman (30 wood). So we could have 2 spearman + 3 knights. That would be 5 troops. Most numerous: spearman 2, knight 3? Actually 3 knights vs 2 spearman, so most numerous is knight (3). Then no counter bonus. If we send all 3 knights and 2 spearman, most numerous is knight (3) vs knight (4), no counter. So to get counter, we need spearman to be most numerous. So we need more spearman than knights. If we build 3 spearman? But we only have wood for 2 spearman (30 wood). We could build 2 spearman and send 1 knight? Then most numerous is spearman (2) vs knight (1). That would give counter bonus. But we have 3 knights at home; we could send only 1 knight. Then attack: 2 spearman (attack 2 total) + 1 knight (attack 4) = 6. With counter bonus 1.5 = 9. Defense 10. We'd lose. So not good.

If we send 2 spearman and 2 knights: most numerous tie, spearman wins tie, so counter bonus. Attack: 2*1 + 2*4 = 10, *1.5 = 15. That wins. But we need to have 2 knights. We have 3, so we can send 2. So we could build 2 spearman at Porto, then send 2 spearman + 2 knights to Vigo. That gives us a better chance and maybe fewer losses. But we need to check if we can build 2 spearman at Porto: wood 30, cost 15 each = 30 wood, so yes. Iron: 0. So we can build 2 spearman this turn. Then we can send them with 2 knights. But they would take 1 turn to build? The rules: "spearman: costs 15 wood + 0 iron, ready in 1 turn." So if we order build now, they are ready at the end of this turn? Or at the beginning of next turn? Typically, "ready in 1 turn" means they are available for movement next turn. So we can build them now, and next turn they can march. But we want to attack this turn? The orders are simultaneous. If we order a build, the troops are built and can be used in the same turn for movement? The rules: "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." And "Each troop type has its own ATTACK and DEFENSE values... ready in 1 turn." I think "ready in 1 turn" means they are built after one turn, so they can be sent on the next turn. But we need to check the sequence. The report says "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" includes "Your reinforcement (1 knight) arrived at [1] Santarem" etc. So reinforcements sent earlier arrived. So if we send troops this turn, they arrive next turn. If we build this turn, they are ready at the end of this turn? Or at the beginning of next turn? Typically in these games, you can build and send in the same turn? The rules: "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." And "Each troop type has a speed... Marching takes turns". So if you order a build, the troops are produced and can be sent immediately? Or they are produced at the end of the turn? The phrase "ready in 1 turn" might mean they are available for the next turn's orders. I need to interpret. In many similar games, you can build and send in the same turn, but the travel time still applies. However, the rules say "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." That suggests you can build and then send in the same turn. But the "ready in 1 turn" might mean they take 1 turn to build, so they are not available until next turn. Let's look at the history: last turn we had "Your reinforcement (1 knight) arrived at [1] Santarem". That means we sent a knight earlier, and it arrived. So if we send a troop, it takes time to march. If we build a troop, it takes 1 turn to build, so it would be ready for next turn. I think we cannot build and send in the same turn. Because the build takes a turn. So if we order a build this turn, the troops will be available next turn. Then we can order them to march next turn. So we cannot attack Vigo this turn if we need to build spearman first. We could attack with existing troops (3 knights) this turn. But we need to decide.

Given that our plan from last turn said "Capture Vigo next turn (3 knights from Porto, attack 12 > 10)", we intended to attack with the 3 knights. So maybe we should just send the 3 knights now. But we need to consider losses. If we lose all 3 knights, Porto is vulnerable. But maybe we can accept that risk.

Alternatively, we could send a different combination. Let's check if we can send reinforcements from other villages to Porto to increase the attack force. But travel times: from Faro to Porto? Faro [5] connects to [2] Evora, [4] Badajoz, [9] Sevilha. Not directly to Porto. So no. From Sevilha to Porto? Sevilha [9] connects to [4], [5], [11]. No. So only Porto can attack Vigo directly (1 turn). So we must use Porto's troops.

So we need to decide: send 3 knights now, or build 2 spearman and send 2 knights + 2 spearman next turn? If we wait, the enemy might do something. Also, Vigo is neutral, so it might harden over time: "Neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type." Vigo has been stable for 5 turns? The report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 10 (stable for 5 turns)". So it hasn't gained troops recently. It might gain troops in the future. So waiting might make it stronger.

Also, we need to consider that if we attack and win, we capture Vigo. Then we can use its resources. That would help.

Let's estimate losses for 3 knights vs 4 knights. In many games, the winner loses troops equal to (loser's force * some factor). Without exact formula, we can look at the Badajoz attacks: we attacked Badajoz twice and lost. Badajoz had defense 18. We probably sent small forces. So we don't know the exact loss mechanic. But we can assume that if our attack is only slightly higher than defense, we might lose most of our troops. For Vigo, attack 12 vs defense 10, we might lose some. If we send 2 spearman + 2 knights, attack 15 vs 10, we might lose fewer. But we need to build the spearman first.

Maybe we should build the spearman at Porto this turn, and also build at other villages, and then next turn send the combined force. But we also need to consider that the enemy might attack Porto in the meantime. If we leave Porto with only 3 knights (or fewer after building), it might be attacked. Salamanca has a large army. If they attack Porto, we could lose. So we need to reinforce Porto or ensure it can defend.

Let's check the enemy's possible moves. The enemy is King B. They have villages: Badajoz, Salamanca, Cordoba, Toledo, Madrid, Teruel, and others. They might attack our villages. Which ones are most likely? They might try to recapture Salamanca? But Salamanca is already theirs. They might attack Coimbra or Santarem or Faro. We don't know their orders. We need to prepare defenses.

We can send troops to reinforce our border villages. For example, we can send spearman from Lisboa to Santarem, and from Coimbra to Santarem? Or from Evora to Faro? Let's think about what we can send.

We have no armies on march currently. So we can send now.

Let's list what we can send from each village:

Lisboa: 2 spearman. Can send to Santarem (1 slow turn) or Evora (1 slow turn). We might send to Santarem to gather spearman.

Santarem: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Can send to Lisboa, Coimbra, Badajoz (enemy). We might send to Coimbra to reinforce? Or send to Badajoz? But we don't want to attack Badajoz yet. We could send to Coimbra to help defend. But Coimbra is also a border. Or we could send to Lisboa for defense? Not needed.

Evora: 2 spearman. Can send to Lisboa or Faro. We might send to Faro to reinforce.

Coimbra: 2 spearman. Can send to Santarem, Porto, Salamanca (enemy). We might send to Santarem or Porto.

Faro: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. Can send to Evora, Badajoz, Sevilha. We might send to Sevilha to reinforce? Or keep.

Porto: 3 knight. Can send to Coimbra, Salamanca, Vigo. We might send to Vigo to attack, or to Coimbra to reinforce, or keep.

Sevilha: 2 spearman, 1 knight. Can send to Badajoz, Faro, Cordoba. We might send to Faro to reinforce? Or to Cordoba to attack? But Cordoba has 11 spearmen, too strong.

We need to decide on a strategy.

Our overall goal: capture Vigo, then maybe attack Burgos or something. But we also need to protect our villages.

Let's consider the enemy's likely actions. The enemy just conquered Salamanca and Cordoba. They might be moving troops around. They might attack Coimbra or Porto to expand. We need to be ready.

I think we should focus on building up our economy and troops. We should build in every village every turn, as our plan says. We should build spearman at villages that can produce them cheaply, and send them to border villages to defend and eventually attack.

Specifically, we should:
- Build 2 spearman at Lisboa (cost 30 wood). Then send them to Santarem.
- Build 2 spearman at Evora (cost 30 wood). Then send them to Faro? Or keep.
- Build 2 spearman at Coimbra (cost 30 wood). Then maybe send them to Santarem? Or keep to defend.
- Build at Santarem: we have wood 40, iron 50. We could build 2 spearman (30 wood) and maybe something else? Or build archers. Since we want to eventually attack Badajoz, and Badajoz has many spearman, we might want archers to counter them. But our plan says gather spearman. Actually, if we attack Badajoz with spearman as most numerous, we don't get counter bonus. But if we include archers, we could make archers most numerous and get counter bonus against Badajoz's spearman. So maybe we should build archers at Santarem. Let's think: Badajoz garrison: 3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knights. Most numerous is spearman (3) and knights (3) tie, but tie breaks to spearman. So their most numerous is spearman. If we attack with archers as most numerous, we get 1.5x multiplier. So we could build archers at Santarem. But we also need enough troops to beat defense 18. With multiplier, we need effective attack > 18. If we have, say, 6 archers (attack 2 each = 12, *1.5 = 18). That's a tie, and tie favors defender, so we'd lose. So we need more. 8 archers: 16 *1.5 = 24, win. But that's a lot of archers. Alternatively, we could mix in knights. If we have knights and archers, most numerous could be archers if we have more archers. Knights have attack 4. So we could have, say, 4 archers and 2 knights: archers attack 8, knights attack 8, total 16, *1.5 = 24. That would win. But we need to produce those.

Given the complexity, maybe we should stick to the plan of gathering spearman, but we need to be mindful of the counter. Actually, if we attack with spearman as most numerous, we don't get a bonus, but we can still win by superior numbers. Badajoz defense 18. If we attack with, say, 10 spearman (attack 10) vs defense 18, we lose. So we need more. Spearman attack is low. So we might need many spearman. That's why the plan says "8+ spearman with support". Support could be archers or knights to increase attack.

So we need to build both spearman and archers/knights.

Let's decide on builds for this turn, focusing on producing troops for Santarem and Faro.

We need to consider resource constraints. Each village has its own resources. We should build what each village can afford and what we need.

Let's list each village's optimal build:

Lisboa: wood 30, iron 40. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Since we need spearman for gathering, build 2 spearman. But we also need archers. Lisboa has iron 40, so it could build an archer if we had wood. But we don't have enough wood for both. Maybe we should build 1 archer and use remaining wood for something? 20 wood for archer, leaves 10 wood, can't build spearman. So we could build 1 archer and have 10 wood left, but we could save wood for next turn? Resources accumulate each turn: wood +30, iron +20. So next turn Lisboa will have wood 30+30=60? Actually the resources produced are added to the village's stock. The report shows "wood 30 (+30/turn)" meaning it currently has 30 wood, and produces 30 per turn. So at the start of the turn, it has 30. After production, it will have 60? But we need to check when production happens. Typically, resources are produced at the beginning of the turn or end. The report says "wood 30 (+30/turn)" - that might be the current amount and the production rate. So after this turn's production, it will have 30+30=60? But we need to know if we can use the production from this turn for builds this turn. The rules: "Each village you hold produces resources every turn, and resources are what build your army." And "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." So we can only build using the current stock. So we have 30 wood now. Next turn we'll have more.

So for this turn, we can only build using current resources.

So Lisboa: build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood) -> leaves 0 wood, 40 iron.

Santarem: wood 40, iron 50. Options: 2 spearman (30 wood) leaves 10 wood, 50 iron. Or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) leaves 0 wood, 30 iron. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 10 wood, 20 iron. Or 1 spearman + 1 archer? 15+20=35 wood, 10 iron -> leaves 5 wood, 40 iron. Or 1 spearman + 1 knight? 15+30=45 wood >40, no. We need to decide what Santarem should build. Since Santarem is our main attack village for Badajoz, we might want to build archers to counter Badajoz's spearman. But we also need spearman to fill the army. Maybe we should build a mix. Let's think about the ideal attack force for Badajoz. Badajoz defense 18. We want to attack with a force that has archers as most numerous to get counter bonus. Suppose we send from Santarem: some spearman, some archers, maybe knights. The most numerous type should be archer. Let's say we want to have 6 archers and some spearman and knights. But we need to produce them over several turns. This turn, we can start building.

Santarem currently has 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. If we build 2 archers, we would have 2 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. Then most numerous is archer (3). That's good for counter if we attack. But we also need enough attack. Attack with 2 spearman (2), 3 archer (6), 1 knight (4) = 12. With counter bonus 1.5 = 18. That ties Badajoz defense 18, and tie favors defender, so we'd lose. So we need more. So we need to build more archers or knights.

If we build 1 knight and 1 archer? Cost: knight 30 wood, 30 iron; archer 20 wood, 10 iron; total 50 wood, 40 iron. We have 40 wood, so can't afford both. We could build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 10 wood, 20 iron. Then Santarem would have 2 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knights. Most numerous: spearman 2, knight 2, archer 1. Tie between spearman and knight, breaks to spearman. So most numerous is spearman. No counter bonus. Attack: 2 spearman (2), 1 archer (2), 2 knights (8) = 12. No bonus, vs defense 18, lose.

If we build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) leaving 0 wood, 30 iron. Then garrison: 2 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous: archer 3. Counter bonus vs spearman? Badajoz most numerous is spearman, so archer counters spearman, bonus 1.5. Attack: 2+6+4=12, *1.5=18 tie, lose. So we need more attack. Next turn we can build more.

If we build 2 spearman (30 wood) leaving 10 wood, 50 iron. Then garrison: 4 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous: spearman 4. No bonus. Attack: 4+2+4=10, lose.

So Santarem needs more troops overall. We need to accumulate.

Maybe we should build spearman at other villages and send them to Santarem to increase numbers. That's what the plan says.

So for this turn, we should build what we can and send reinforcements.

Let's decide on a comprehensive build and movement order.

First, we need to capture Vigo. Should we send the 3 knights now? Let's weigh the risks.

If we send 3 knights to Vigo, we win but might lose some knights. If we lose 2, Porto has 1 knight left. That might be vulnerable. But we could also build spearman at Porto to defend. If we build 2 spearman at Porto this turn, then Porto would have 2 spearman and 3 knights (if we don't send the knights). But if we send the knights, Porto would have only the newly built spearman? But we can't send and build in the same turn if build takes a turn. Actually, if we order a build, the troops are built at the end of the turn? Or at the beginning? The rules: "ready in 1 turn" suggests they are ready for the next turn. So if we build this turn, they are not available to send this turn. So we could build 2 spearman at Porto, and next turn send them with some knights? But then Vigo might harden.

Alternatively, we could send the 3 knights now, and also build 2 spearman at Porto for defense. That way, after the attack, Porto will have 2 spearman (if they survive) plus whatever knights return? But the knights are sent, they fight, and any survivors would be at Vigo after capture? Actually, if we attack and win, the army that marched takes losses and then occupies the village? The rules: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." And "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". After winning, does the army continue? It says "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So if we send troops to Vigo, they stop at Vigo and fight. If they win, they capture it? The rules don't explicitly say, but typically in these games, if you attack and win, you capture the village. The surviving troops then become the garrison. So after winning, our surviving troops would be in Vigo. So Porto would lose those troops. So we need to ensure Porto has enough defense.

If we send all 3 knights, Porto's garrison becomes 0. Then we build 2 spearman this turn, so next turn Porto will have 2 spearman. But during this turn, Porto is defenseless? Actually, the enemy writes orders simultaneously. So if the enemy attacks Porto this turn, they would fight against the current garrison (3 knights) before our reinforcements arrive? The timing: we order movements and builds. The enemy orders their movements. All happen simultaneously. So if the enemy sends troops to Porto, they would fight against the current garrison (3 knights) at Porto. If we send our knights away, they are no longer there? The rules: "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." So the snapshot includes our troops at Porto. If we order them to march to Vigo, they are still at Porto at the start of the turn? Actually, the orders are simultaneous, so the movement happens after the orders. The typical interpretation: both players write orders based on the current state. Then all movements and builds happen. So if we order our knights to leave Porto, they will be on the march, and if the enemy orders an attack on Porto, they would arrive and fight? But the rules: "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there". If the enemy attacks Porto, they would march to Porto. Our knights are marching to Vigo. They would cross paths? The roads: Porto to Vigo is one road; Porto to Salamanca is another. If the enemy attacks from Salamanca to Porto, they would be on a different road. So they wouldn't meet our knights on the road. They would arrive at Porto. At that time, our knights are already gone? The timing: all marches take time. If both are 1 turn, they would arrive at the same time? Actually, if we send knights from Porto to Vigo (1 fast turn), and enemy sends troops from Salamanca to Porto (1 slow turn? Actually Salamanca to Porto: from report, march from [6] Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So from Salamanca to Porto is also 1 turn for slow troops). So they would both arrive at their destinations at the end of the turn. But if our knights are no longer at Porto, the enemy would arrive at an empty village? But the village is still ours, so they would capture it? The rules: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". If the enemy attacks Porto, which is ours, they would stop there and fight. But if our garrison is gone, what do they fight? They might just capture it without a fight? The rules don't cover this exactly. Typically, if you send your troops away, the village is undefended and the enemy can capture it without a fight if they attack. But the simultaneous orders mean that the enemy might not know we are sending troops away. So they might order an attack on Porto expecting to fight our knights. But since our knights are also moving, the battle might occur at the village? Or maybe the battle occurs if both armies are present at the same location at the same time. Since our knights are moving to Vigo, they are on the road from Porto to Vigo. The enemy is moving from Salamanca to Porto. They are on different roads, so they don't meet. The enemy arrives at Porto, finds it empty (or with whatever troops we left). If we left no troops, they capture it. So we need to be careful about leaving border villages undefended.

Therefore, we should not leave Porto undefended if there's a risk of attack. Salamanca has a large army. They could attack Porto. So we should keep some defense at Porto. We could send only 1 or 2 knights to Vigo, keeping some for defense. But we need enough to win.

Let's consider sending 2 knights to Vigo, keeping 1 knight at Porto. Then attack: 2 knights (attack 8) vs defense 10. We'd lose. So we need more. We could send 2 knights and 1 spearman? But we don't have spearman at Porto now. We could build them, but they aren't ready this turn.

So maybe we should not attack Vigo this turn. Instead, we should build up Porto's garrison first. We can build 2 spearman at Porto this turn. Then next turn, we can send a mixed force: 2 spearman + 2 knights (or 3 knights). That would give us a better chance and also leave some defense.

But what about the enemy's actions? If we don't attack Vigo, the enemy might do something. They might attack our villages. We need to reinforce our borders.

Let's check our border villages' defenses:
- Santarem: defense 10 (effective). It has 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. That's decent.
- Coimbra: defense 5. Only 2 spearman. Weak.
- Porto: defense 8. 3 knights.
- Faro: defense 13. 2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. Good.
- Sevilha: defense 8. 2 spearman, 1 knight. Weakish.

The most vulnerable is Coimbra. It borders Salamanca which has 5 spearman, 1 archer, 5 knights. If they attack Coimbra, they could easily overwhelm it. We should reinforce Coimbra. We can send troops from Santarem to Coimbra (1 slow turn). Santarem has 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. We could send some of those. But if we send from Santarem, we weaken Santarem. Alternatively, we can build at Coimbra. Coimbra can build 2 spearman this turn (30 wood). That would increase its garrison to 4 spearman, defense maybe 7? (effective defense 5 currently with 2 spearman; adding 2 spearman would increase defense by 2? Actually defense per spearman is 2, but location bonus is already included in the effective defense. The effective defense is 5 with 2 spearman. So each spearman contributes 2.5? Actually, location bonus: defense counts x1.25 in a village. So base defense of 2 spearman = 2*2=4, with 1.25 bonus = 5. So effective defense 5. If we add 2 more spearman, base defense becomes 4*2=8, with 1.25 = 10. So effective defense would become 10. That's much better. So building at Coimbra is good.

We should also consider sending troops from Lisboa to Coimbra? But Lisboa to Coimbra is 2 turns. Not quick. From Santarem to Coimbra is 1 turn. So we could send from Santarem to Coimbra. But we need to decide.

Let's think about our plan. We want to eventually attack Badajoz. For that, we need to gather troops at Santarem or Faro. We also need to protect our borders. Perhaps we should focus on building up Santarem and Faro, and leave Coimbra to defend itself by building. We can also send the 2 spearman from Coimbra to Santarem? But that would empty Coimbra. Not good.

Maybe we should send from Lisboa to Santarem, and from Evora to Faro, and build at all villages.

Let's outline a possible set of orders:

Builds:
- Lisboa: build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood). Then send them to Santarem.
- Evora: build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood). Then send them to Faro? Or keep? Faro already has troops. Maybe send to Santarem? But Evora to Santarem: Evora [2] connects to [0] Lisboa and [5] Faro. Not directly to Santarem. So to get to Santarem, they'd have to go through Lisboa? That's 2 turns. So better to send to Faro (1 turn) to reinforce Faro.
- Santarem: build something. We have wood 40, iron 50. We could build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) to increase archer count for counter bonus. Or build 1 knight and 1 archer? Not enough wood. Let's build 2 archers. Then Santarem will have 2 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. That's a good mix.
- Coimbra: build 2 spearman (30 wood) to increase defense.
- Faro: build something. Faro has wood 40, iron 50. It already has 2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. We could build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) to increase archers, or 2 spearman, or 1 knight. Since Faro is also a border to Badajoz, we might want to build archers there too. Let's build 2 archers. Then Faro will have 2 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight. That's strong.
- Porto: build 2 spearman (30 wood) for defense and future attack.
- Sevilha: build something. wood 40, iron 40. Could build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Sevilha borders Badajoz and Cordoba. Cordoba has 11 spearmen, so it's a threat. We might want to build spearman for defense. Let's build 2 spearman.

Movements:
- From Lisboa to Santarem: send 2 spearman (the ones we just built? But they aren't ready this turn if we build them. Actually, we can only send troops that exist now. The current Lisboa has 2 spearman at home. We can send those. The newly built ones will be ready next turn. So we can send the existing 2 spearman from Lisboa to Santarem. That will reinforce Santarem.
- From Evora to Faro: send the existing 2 spearman from Evora to Faro? Or we could send them to Lisboa? But Lisboa is not a border. Better to send to Faro to reinforce.
- From Coimbra: we could send the existing 2 spearman to Santarem? But that would leave Coimbra empty. We just built 2 more, so next turn Coimbra will have 2 new spearman, but if we send the existing ones, Coimbra would be empty this turn. That's risky. So maybe we should keep Coimbra's spearman for defense. We could send from Coimbra to Porto? Porto is also a border. But Coimbra to Porto is 1 turn. We could send 1 spearman to Porto to help? But we need to decide.
- From Porto: we could send some knights to Vigo? Or keep them. If we send 3 knights to Vigo, we risk losing them and leaving Porto undefended. But we are building 2 spearman at Porto, so next turn Porto will have 2 spearman. But this turn, if we send the knights, Porto has 0 troops. If the enemy attacks Porto this turn, they would capture it easily. So we should not send all knights. Maybe send 2 knights to Vigo? But 2 knights attack 8 vs defense 10, lose. So we can't win with 2. So we should not attack Vigo this turn. Instead, we should wait until we have more troops. So we should keep the knights at Porto for defense, and build more troops.

But then what do we do about Vigo? We can attack next turn after we build spearman at Porto. Next turn, Porto will have 2 spearman (newly built) and 3 knights. We can then send, say, 2 spearman + 2 knights to Vigo, keeping 1 knight and 0 spearman? Or send all? We need to decide.

Alternatively, we could send troops from other villages to reinforce Porto for the attack. But travel times are long.

So for this turn, we should focus on building and reinforcing.

Let's check if we can send any troops to Coimbra to help. We have Santarem with 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. We could send the 1 knight and 1 archer to Coimbra? That would give Coimbra some defense. But then Santarem would be weaker. However, Santarem is not immediately threatened because Badajoz is also a border, but Badajoz might not attack. The more immediate threat is Salamanca to Coimbra and Porto. So we might want to reinforce Coimbra and Porto.

We could send from Santarem to Coimbra: send the knight and archer? Or send the 2 spearman? Let's think about effective defense. Coimbra currently has effective defense 5. If we add a knight (defense 2, with 1.25 bonus = 2.5) and an archer (defense 2, with bonus = 2.5), total defense would be around 5+5=10? Actually, the effective defense is calculated per troop? The report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 5" for Coimbra with 2 spearman. So each spearman contributes 2.5? Actually 2 spearman base defense 4, *1.25 = 5. So each spearman contributes 2.5 effective. A knight has base defense 2, with 1.25 = 2.5 as well. An archer also 2.5. So adding any troop adds 2.5 effective defense. So if we send 2 troops, defense becomes 10. That's much better.

But if we send from Santarem, Santarem's defense decreases. Santarem currently has effective defense 10. If we send away 2 troops, it might drop to 7.5 or something. That might make it vulnerable to Badajoz. Badajoz has attack? Badajoz garrison: 3 spearman (attack 1 each), 1 archer (2), 3 knights (4 each) = total attack 3+2+12=17? Actually, when attacking, they count attack. So Badajoz could attack Santarem with a big force. So we need to keep Santarem strong.

Maybe we should send from Lisboa to Santarem to compensate. But Lisboa to Santarem is 1 turn. So we can send Lisboa's 2 spearman to Santarem. That would give Santarem +2 spearman, increasing its defense. Then we could send from Santarem to Coimbra? But that would be a net gain of 0 for Santarem if we send out what we receive. We need to consider the timing: if we send from Lisboa to Santarem, they arrive next turn. If we send from Santarem to Coimbra this turn, they leave Santarem now. So Santarem would lose troops now, and gain some next turn. So during this turn, Santarem's defense is lower. But the enemy orders are based on the current snapshot, so they might attack Santarem now. So we need to be careful.

Perhaps the best is to not move troops from Santarem, and instead build at Coimbra and send from Lisboa to somewhere else? Or send from Evora to Faro, and from Faro to Sevilha? We need to think about the whole map.

Let's consider the enemy's perspective. They have a large army in Salamanca. They might attack Coimbra or Porto. They might also attack Faro or Santarem. We can't know. We need to make our defenses as strong as possible.

Given the complexity, I'll propose a conservative approach: build in every village, send reinforcements to the weakest borders, and hold off on attacking Vigo until we have a stronger force.

Specifically:

Builds:
- Lisboa: 2 spearman (use 30 wood)
- Santarem: 2 archers (use 40 wood, 20 iron) -> increases archers
- Evora: 2 spearman (use 30 wood)
- Coimbra: 2 spearman (use 30 wood) -> increases defense
- Faro: 2 archers (use 40 wood, 20 iron) -> increases archers
- Porto: 2 spearman (use 30 wood) -> increases defense and future attack force
- Sevilha: 2 spearman (use 30 wood) -> increases defense

Movements:
- From Lisboa to Santarem: send the existing 2 spearman (to reinforce Santarem, since we want to gather there). But wait, Lisboa currently has 2 spearman. If we send them, Lisboa will have 0 until the new ones are built. But Lisboa is interior, no enemy border, so it's safe. So we can send them.
- From Evora to Faro: send the existing 2 spearman from Evora to Faro? Or we could send them to Lisboa? But Lisboa is safe. Faro is a border, so reinforcing Faro is good. But Faro already has 2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. Adding 2 spearman makes it 4 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. That's strong. But we might want to send Evora's spearman to Santarem instead? However, Evora to Santarem is not direct. So better to send to Faro.
- From Coimbra: we could send the existing 2 spearman to Porto? Or to Santarem? If we send to Porto, we reinforce Porto. But Coimbra would be left with 0 until new builds. That's risky because Coimbra is a border. So maybe we should keep Coimbra's spearman. We could send from Coimbra to Santarem? But that would leave Coimbra empty. Not good.
- From Porto: we could send some knights to Coimbra? But that would leave Porto weaker. We need to decide.

Maybe we should not send any troops from Coimbra or Porto, and instead just build. We can send from Lisboa to Santarem, and from Evora to Faro. That reinforces our strongest borders. For Coimbra and Porto, we rely on the new builds to increase defense. But Coimbra currently has 2 spearman; if we build 2 more, next turn it will have 4. But this turn, it still has 2. If the enemy attacks, 2 might not be enough. We could send from Santarem to Coimbra as a reinforcement. But Santarem is also a border. Let's check the distances: Santarem to Coimbra is 1 slow turn. So if we send from Santarem now, they arrive next turn. If the enemy attacks Coimbra this turn, they would fight the current 2 spearman. If we send from Santarem, they wouldn't arrive in time to help this turn. So sending from Santarem doesn't help Coimbra this turn. It only helps for future attacks. So we might as well keep Santarem's troops for its own defense or for future attack.

What about sending from Porto to Coimbra? Porto to Coimbra is 1 slow turn? Road: Porto [6] connects to [3] Coimbra, [7] Salamanca, [10] Vigo. So yes, 1 turn. If we send from Porto to Coimbra, they arrive next turn. Same timing.

So for this turn's defense, we can only rely on the troops already in the villages. So we should ensure that our current troops are enough to deter attacks. Coimbra has 2 spearman, defense 5. Is that enough? Salamanca has a large army. If they attack, they would likely win. But maybe they won't attack because they might have other plans. We can't control that. We could try to reinforce Coimbra by sending troops from Santarem, but they won't arrive in time. So we might just accept the risk.

Alternatively, we could send from Coimbra to Santarem? That would weaken Coimbra further. Not good.

Maybe we should send from Lisboa to Coimbra? But that takes 2 turns (Lisboa -> Santarem -> Coimbra). So not helpful.

So the best we can do is build at Coimbra to strengthen it for next turn.

Now, about Vigo: we could send the 3 knights from Porto to Vigo now. If we do, we might win and capture Vigo, but we lose some knights and leave Porto undefended this turn. However, if we build 2 spearman at Porto, next turn Porto will have 2 spearman. But this turn, if the enemy attacks Porto, they would find 0 knights? Actually, if we send the knights, they are on the march. The enemy might attack Porto. If they attack Porto, what happens? The village is ours, but empty of troops. The enemy would arrive and capture it without a fight? Or would they have to fight the village's defense? The village itself has some defense? The rules: "effective defense (location bonus included)" is based on the troops present. If no troops, defense is 0? Actually, the effective defense is calculated from the troops. If there are no troops, the village has no defense. So the enemy could capture it easily. So we should not leave Porto empty.

Therefore, we should not send all knights from Porto. We could send 1 knight, keeping 2. But 1 knight attack 4 vs defense 10, lose. So we can't win.

So we must postpone the attack on Vigo.

What about attacking a different target? We could attack Cordoba from Sevilha? Cordoba has 11 spearmen, defense 28. Too strong. Badajoz from Santarem or Faro? Too strong. Salamanca from Porto? Too strong. So we can't attack any enemy village yet.

So we should focus on building and reinforcing.

We also need to consider that we might want to send troops to our own villages to prepare for future attacks. For example, we want to gather spearman at Santarem. So we should send spearman from other villages to Santarem.

Let's decide on movements:

- From Lisboa to Santarem: send the 2 spearman. This reinforces Santarem.
- From Evora to Faro: send the 2 spearman. This reinforces Faro.
- From Coimbra: maybe send 1 spearman to Porto? Or keep them. Let's keep them for Coimbra's defense.
- From Porto: we could send 1 knight to Coimbra to reinforce? But that leaves Porto with 2 knights. Coimbra would get a knight. But then Porto is weaker. Maybe we should send from Santarem to Coimbra instead? Let's think.

We need to decide on a plan that makes sense.

Our plan from last turn: "Gather spearman at Santarem for Badajoz (~turn 13): receive from Lisboa/Coimbra, keep building." So we intended to send spearman from Lisboa and Coimbra to Santarem. But if we send from Coimbra, we weaken Coimbra. Maybe we should send from Coimbra anyway, and rely on building new spearman at Coimbra to replace them? But they won't be ready in time. If we send Coimbra's 2 spearman to Santarem, Coimbra becomes empty. That's very risky. So I think we should not send from Coimbra. Instead, we should send from Lisboa and maybe from Evora? But Evora to Santarem is not direct. So maybe we just send from Lisboa.

We can also build at Santarem to increase its troops.

So for this turn, I propose:

Builds:
- Lisboa: 2 spearman
- Santarem: 2 archers
- Evora: 2 spearman
- Coimbra: 2 spearman
- Faro: 2 archers
- Porto: 2 spearman
- Sevilha: 2 spearman

Movements:
- From Lisboa to Santarem: 2 spearman (the existing ones)
- From Evora to Faro: 2 spearman (the existing ones)
- From Porto to Vigo? No, we decided not to attack.
- Maybe from Faro to Sevilha? Or from Sevilha to Faro? Not needed.

We also need to consider if we should send any troops to Coimbra or Porto to reinforce. Since we are building 2 spearman at Coimbra and Porto, their garrisons will increase next turn. But this turn they are weaker. We could send from Santarem to Coimbra? But Santarem is also a border. Let's check Santarem's strength after sending from Lisboa. Santarem currently has 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. If we send 2 spearman from Lisboa, they arrive next turn. So next turn Santarem will have 4 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. That's good. If we send some from Santarem to Coimbra now, Santarem would have fewer. For example, if we send the 1 knight and 1 archer from Santarem to Coimbra, then Santarem would have 2 spearman, and next turn it would receive 2 more from Lisboa, so it would have 4 spearman. But it would lose the archer and knight. That might be okay. Coimbra would gain 1 knight and 1 archer, plus its own 2 spearman, and next turn 2 new spearman, so it would be strong. But is it worth it? We need to balance.

Maybe we should send from Santarem to Coimbra to ensure Coimbra holds. Because if Coimbra falls, we lose a village and the enemy gets a foothold closer to our core. So it might be worth sacrificing Santarem's strength slightly.

Let's think about the enemy's likely target. Salamanca is a big army. They might attack Coimbra or Porto. If they attack Coimbra, 2 spearman will likely lose. If we reinforce Coimbra, it might hold. So let's send some troops from Santarem to Coimbra.

What can we send from Santarem? We have 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. We could send the archer and knight, keeping spearman. Or send 2 spearman, keeping archer and knight. Which is better for Coimbra? Coimbra already has 2 spearman. Adding an archer and knight gives it some mixed defense. Adding 2 spearman gives it 4 spearman. Both increase defense. But if we send the archer and knight, Santarem keeps 2 spearman, which is weak. If we send 2 spearman, Santarem keeps 1 archer and 1 knight, which is a different mix.

We also need to consider that Santarem might be attacked by Badajoz. Badajoz has a mix. If Santarem has archer and knight, it might do better? Not sure.

Let's decide to send from Santarem to Coimbra: send the 1 archer and 1 knight. That gives Coimbra a mix. Then Santarem will have 2 spearman left. Next turn, it will receive 2 spearman from Lisboa, so it will have 4 spearman. That's okay.

Alternatively, we could send from Porto to Coimbra: send 1 knight. Then Porto has 2 knights left, Coimbra gets a knight. But Porto is also a border.

Maybe we should send from both? But we need to be careful not to overextend.

Let's also consider sending from Evora to somewhere else. Evora is interior, no enemy border. It can send to Faro or Lisboa. We already decided to send to Faro. That's fine.

Now, what about Sevilha? It borders Badajoz and Cordoba. Cordoba has 11 spearmen. That's a huge army. They could attack Sevilha. Sevilha has 2 spearman, 1 knight. That's weak. We should reinforce Sevilha. We can send from Faro to Sevilha? Faro to Sevilha: road [5] Faro connects to [9] Sevilha? Yes, [5] Faro: [2], [4], [9]. So Faro to Sevilha is 1 turn. Faro has 2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. We could send some to Sevilha. But if we send from Faro, we weaken Faro, which is also a border. However, Faro is stronger. We could send the 2 spearman from Faro to Sevilha? Or send the archer and knight? Let's think.

Sevilha's defense is 8 currently. If we add some troops, it becomes stronger. We could send from Evora to Faro, and then from Faro to Sevilha? But that would take two turns. Not helpful for this turn's defense.

We could send from Sevilha itself by building. We are already building 2 spearman at Sevilha. That will help next turn.

Maybe we should send from Faro to Sevilha this turn. Let's say we send the 1 knight and 1 archer from Faro to Sevilha. Then Faro keeps 2 spearman, 1 archer. Sevilha gets +1 knight, +1 archer, so it will have 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight, plus the new builds? Actually, the new builds are this turn, so they will be ready next turn. So after this turn, Sevilha will have 2 spearman (existing) + 1 knight (existing) + 1 archer (sent) + 1 knight (sent?) Wait, we need to be precise.

Current Sevilha: 2 spearman, 1 knight. If we send from Faro: 1 archer and 1 knight. Then Sevilha will have 2 spearman, 1 knight, +1 archer, +1 knight = 2 spearman, 2 knights, 1 archer. That's better. Faro will have 2 spearman, 1 archer left (since it had 2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight; we send 1 archer and 1 knight, leaving 2 spearman, 1 archer). That's still okay.

But we need to consider that Faro might be attacked by Badajoz. Badajoz has a big army. If Faro is weakened, it might fall. So maybe we shouldn't weaken Faro.

Alternatively, we could send from Lisboa to Sevilha? But that's far.

Maybe we should just build at Sevilha and hope the enemy doesn't attack this turn. The enemy might not attack every border.

Given the uncertainty, we need to make a decision. I think the most important thing is to capture Vigo to expand. But we decided we can't do it now. So we should focus on building and reinforcing the most vulnerable borders.

Let's list the borders in order of vulnerability:
1. Coimbra (defense 5, faces large army)
2. Porto (defense 8, faces large army)
3. Sevilha (defense 8, faces large army)
4. Santarem (defense 10, faces medium army)
5. Faro (defense 13, faces medium army)

So Coimbra is the most urgent. We should reinforce Coimbra. We can send from Santarem to Coimbra. Santarem is 1 turn away. We can send 2 troops. Let's send the archer and knight from Santarem to Coimbra. That gives Coimbra +1 archer, +1 knight. Then Coimbra will have 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight, effective defense: 2 spearman (5) + archer (2.5) + knight (2.5) = 10. That's much better.

Santarem will then have 2 spearman left, defense 5. But next turn it will receive 2 spearman from Lisboa, so it will be back to 4 spearman, defense 10? Actually 4 spearman effective defense = 4*2.5 = 10. So it will be fine.

Porto: we can send from Porto to Coimbra? No, we already sent from Santarem. Porto could send to Coimbra as well, but that would leave Porto weak. Let's not.

For Porto, we are building 2 spearman, so next turn it will have 2 spearman + 3 knights, defense 2*2.5 + 3*2.5 = 5 + 7.5 = 12.5, effective maybe 13? That's good. But this turn it has 3 knights, defense 8. That might be enough to deter Salamanca? Salamanca has 5 spearman, 1 archer, 5 knights. If they attack Porto, they would send some of those. But they might not attack because they have to split forces. We can't know.

Sevilha: we are building 2 spearman, so next turn it will have 4 spearman, 1 knight, defense 4*2.5 + 2.5 = 12.5. This turn it has 2 spearman, 1 knight, defense 8. That might be okay.

So let's go with that.

Now, what about Vigo? We are not attacking this turn. But we could send a reconnaissance? No, we can't.

We need to write the plan and statement.

Plan: We need to write a note to ourselves for next turn. It should include what we are doing and what to do next.

Statement: A short text for the audience.

Let's draft the JSON.

First, builds: we need to specify villageId, type, quantity.

We'll build:
- Lisboa: 2 spearman
- Santarem: 2 archers
- Evora: 2 spearman
- Coimbra: 2 spearman
- Faro: 2 archers
- Porto: 2 spearman
- Sevilha: 2 spearman

Check resources:
Lisboa: wood 30, iron 40. 2 spearman cost 30 wood -> ok.
Santarem: wood 40, iron 50. 2 archers cost 40 wood, 20 iron -> ok.
Evora: wood 40, iron 50. 2 spearman cost 30 wood -> ok.
Coimbra: wood 40, iron 40. 2 spearman cost 30 wood -> ok.
Faro: wood 40, iron 50. 2 archers cost 40 wood, 20 iron -> ok.
Porto: wood 30, iron 20. 2 spearman cost 30 wood -> ok.
Sevilha: wood 40, iron 40. 2 spearman cost 30 wood -> ok.

All can be built.

Movements:
- From Lisboa (0) to Santarem (1): troops: spearman: 2. (We send the existing 2 spearman)
- From Evora (2) to Faro (5): troops: spearman: 2. (Existing 2 spearman)
- From Santarem (1) to Coimbra (3): troops: archer: 1, knight: 1. (We send the archer and knight)
- Should we send anything else? Maybe from Porto to Coimbra? Not needed.
- From Faro to Sevilha? We could send something, but let's not for now.
- From Coimbra to somewhere? No.

We also need to consider if we should send from Porto to Vigo? No.

What about from Sevilha to somewhere? No.

Now, we need to ensure that the villages we send from have those troops available. Check:
Lisboa: available: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. So sending 2 spearman is fine.
Evora: available: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. Fine.
Santarem: available: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. We are sending 1 archer and 1 knight. That's fine. We keep the 2 spearman.

After sending, Santarem will have 2 spearman. Coimbra will receive 1 archer and 1 knight. Coimbra currently has 2 spearman, so after receiving, it will have 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. But note: the movement takes 1 turn, so they arrive next turn. So for this turn's defense, Coimbra still has only its original 2 spearman. But the enemy orders are based on the current snapshot, so they see Coimbra with 2 spearman. If they attack, they fight those 2 spearman. Our reinforcements won't arrive until after the battle? Actually, if the enemy attacks Coimbra this turn, their army will march and arrive at Coimbra at the end of the turn. Our reinforcements from Santarem are also marching and will arrive at Coimbra at the end of the turn. Do they arrive in time to join the battle? The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if both the enemy and our reinforcements arrive at Coimbra on the same turn, they would fight separately? Actually, the rule says troops from different villages never add up. But here we have an enemy army arriving and our reinforcements arriving. The rule about armies meeting on a road: "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there". If they are both heading to Coimbra, they might meet on the road? But they are on different roads: enemy from Salamanca to Coimbra, ours from Santarem to Coimbra. Those roads might intersect? The road network: Salamanca [7] connects to [3] Coimbra. Santarem [1] connects to [3] Coimbra. So they are on different roads leading to Coimbra. They might meet at Coimbra? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So the enemy army stops at Coimbra (which is ours) and fights. Our reinforcements are sent to Coimbra (which is ours), so they are not stopping at an enemy village; they are going to a friendly village. The rule: "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So our troops arrive and join the garrison. But if the enemy also arrives at the same time, what happens? The rules don't specify the timing of arrival. Typically, all movements are simultaneous, so both arrive at the same time. Then the enemy would fight the garrison. Would our reinforcements be considered part of the garrison at the time of the fight? The rules say "the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs." The defender is the village's garrison. If our reinforcements arrive at the same time, they might be added to the garrison before the fight? Or after? This is ambiguous. In many games, reinforcements arrive before the battle. But the rule "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up" suggests that even if they arrive at the same target, they fight separately. But that applies to our own troops attacking the same target. For defense, the garrison is the sum of all troops in the village. If we send reinforcements, they join the garrison. If the enemy attacks, they fight the garrison. So if our reinforcements arrive on the same turn as the enemy attack, they might be able to participate in the defense. However, the rule "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." That seems to apply to attacking, not defending. For defending, the village's garrison is whatever is there. If we send reinforcements, they become part of the garrison upon arrival. So if they arrive at the same time as the enemy, they should be there to defend. But the rule about "each send fights alone" might mean that if we send multiple armies to attack the same enemy village, they fight separately. For defense, it's just the garrison. So I think our reinforcements would help defend Coimbra if they arrive on the same turn. But we can't be sure. To be safe, we should not rely on them arriving in time. We should assume that the enemy attack happens against the current garrison. So Coimbra is vulnerable this turn.

Given that, maybe we should not send from Santarem to Coimbra, because it doesn't help this turn and weakens Santarem. Instead, we could send from Porto to Coimbra? Same timing issue.

Actually, if we send from anywhere, they take 1 turn to arrive. So they won't help for this turn's defense. So the only way to strengthen Coimbra for this turn is to build troops at Coimbra itself, but builds take 1 turn, so they also won't be ready this turn. So Coimbra's defense this turn is fixed at 5. There's nothing we can do about that. So we might as well not weaken Santarem by sending troops away. Instead, we should keep Santarem's troops to defend Santarem or to attack something.

But wait: if we don't send from Santarem, Santarem keeps its troops, which might be used to attack something or defend. But we want to gather troops at Santarem for future attack. So we might want to send troops from other villages to Santarem to build it up. So sending from Lisboa to Santarem is good because it reinforces Santarem for next turn. Sending from Santarem to Coimbra would cancel that out.

So maybe we should not send from Santarem to Coimbra. Instead, we should send from somewhere else to Coimbra? But there is no other village close enough that we want to weaken. Porto is close, but we want to keep Porto's knights for Vigo. If we send from Porto to Coimbra, we could send 1 knight. That would give Coimbra a knight, but it won't arrive this turn. And it weakens Porto. But maybe we can afford to send 1 knight from Porto to Coimbra, because we are building 2 spearman at Porto to replace? But Porto's defense this turn would drop to 2 knights (defense 5? Actually 2 knights effective defense: base 4, *1.25=5). That's weak. And we need Porto to be strong to attack Vigo next turn. So maybe not.

Let's reconsider the whole strategy. Perhaps we should focus on capturing Vigo as soon as possible, even with losses, because it gives us a new village and resources. If we capture Vigo, we can then use its resources to build more troops. And we can also attack from Vigo into Burgos or elsewhere.

Let's analyze the Vigo attack more carefully. We have 3 knights at Porto. Vigo has 4 knights, defense 10. If we send 3 knights, we have attack 12. We win, but take losses. How many losses? In many games, the winner loses troops equal to (loser's effective force) - (winner's effective force) or something? Actually, a common mechanic is: winner's remaining force = winner's force - loser's force. So 12 - 10 = 2 knights left. So we would lose 1 knight. That would leave us with 2 knights at Vigo (since we capture the village, the survivors become the garrison). Porto would have 0 knights. Then we build 2 spearman at Porto, so next turn Porto has 2 spearman. That might be acceptable. The enemy might attack Porto this turn, but if they do, they would face 0 knights? Actually, if we send the knights, they are on the march. If the enemy attacks Porto, they would arrive at Porto and find it empty? Or would they fight the knights that are still there? The timing: we order the knights to march to Vigo. The enemy orders an attack on Porto. Both happen simultaneously. The knights leave Porto and march to Vigo. The enemy marches to Porto. They might cross paths? The roads: Porto to Vigo is one road; Salamanca to Porto is another. They don't meet on the road. The enemy arrives at Porto. At that moment, are our knights still at Porto? The march takes 1 turn. So at the beginning of the turn, the knights are at Porto. They start marching. By the end of the turn, they are at Vigo. The enemy starts at Salamanca, marches to Porto, arrives at the end of the turn. So at the end of the turn, our knights are at Vigo, enemy is at Porto. So Porto is empty. The enemy would capture Porto without a fight? Or would they have to fight the village's defense? The village's defense is based on troops. If no troops, defense 0. So they capture it. That would be a loss of Porto. So that's bad.

To prevent that, we could keep 1 knight at Porto. Then we send 2 knights to Vigo. But 2 knights attack 8 vs defense 10, we lose. So we can't win with 2.

So we need to either reinforce Porto before attacking, or attack with a different composition.

What if we build 2 spearman at Porto, and next turn send 2 spearman + 2 knights? That gives attack: 2*1 + 2*4 = 10, with counter bonus if spearman most numerous? If we send 2 spearman and 2 knights, most numerous is tie, breaks to spearman. So spearman most numerous. Vigo most numerous is knight. Spearman counters knight, so 1.5x multiplier. Effective attack = 10 * 1.5 = 15. Defense 10. We win with margin. Losses: we might lose some. We would have 1 knight left at Porto (since we have 3, send 2). So Porto keeps 1 knight for defense. That seems good.

But we need to wait a turn to build the spearman. During this turn, Porto has 3 knights. If the enemy attacks Porto this turn, they might win. But Salamanca has a large army. If they attack with, say, 5 spearman, 1 archer, 5 knights, they could easily defeat 3 knights. So Porto is at risk anyway.

Maybe we should send reinforcements to Porto from somewhere else to help this turn. But as we said, reinforcements take 1 turn to arrive, so they won't help this turn. So Porto's defense this turn is whatever it has now. We can't change that.

So we have to accept that Porto might be attacked this turn. If it is, we lose Porto. That would be bad. But we can't do much about it.

Perhaps we should focus on protecting our other villages and hope the enemy doesn't attack Porto.

Given the difficulty, I think the best course is to follow the plan from last turn as much as possible: build in all villages, send spearman to Santarem, and prepare for the Vigo attack next turn.

So let's revise the movements:

We want to gather spearman at Santarem. So we send from Lisboa to Santarem (2 spearman). We also want to eventually send from Coimbra to Santarem, but we'll do that later when it's safe.

We want to attack Vigo next turn. So we need to build spearman at Porto now. We'll build 2 spearman at Porto.

We also want to strengthen our other borders. We can build at Coimbra, Sevilha, etc.

For this turn, we should not send any troops away from our border villages, to keep their defense as high as possible. The only exception is Lisboa and Evora, which are interior and safe. So we can send from them to reinforce borders.

So movements:
- From Lisboa to Santarem: 2 spearman
- From Evora to Faro: 2 spearman (to reinforce Faro, which is a border)
- From Porto: no movement (keep knights for defense and prepare for Vigo)
- From Santarem: no movement (keep troops for defense and future attack)
- From Coimbra: no movement (keep for defense)
- From Faro: no movement (keep for defense)
- From Sevilha: no movement (keep for defense)

But wait, we also have the option to send from Faro to Sevilha to reinforce Sevilha. But that would weaken Faro. Since Faro is stronger, maybe we should send some. But if we send from Faro, we reduce its defense from 13 to something lower. Badajoz might attack Faro. Badajoz has a decent army. If we weaken Faro, it might fall. So maybe we shouldn't.

What about sending from Santarem to Coimbra? That would weaken Santarem but strengthen Coimbra. Santarem has defense 10, Coimbra 5. If we send 1 archer and 1 knight from Santarem to Coimbra, Santarem defense becomes 5 (2 spearman), Coimbra becomes 10. That might be a good trade if Coimbra is more likely to be attacked. But we don't know. The enemy might attack both. We need to decide.

Let's think about the enemy's perspective. They have Salamanca (big army) and Badajoz (medium army). They might use Salamanca to attack Coimbra or Porto, and Badajoz to attack Santarem or Faro. They might also have other armies in Madrid, Toledo, etc. We can't know.

Given the uncertainty, maybe we should try to make all our borders as strong as possible. The strongest border is Faro (13). We could spare some troops from Faro to send to Coimbra or Sevilha. For example, send the 2 spearman from Faro to Coimbra? But Faro's spearman are 2, if we send them, Faro keeps 2 archer, 1 knight, defense 7.5? Actually 2 archer + 1 knight: base defense 2+2+2=6, *1.25=7.5. That's still okay. Coimbra would get 2 spearman, making it 4 spearman, defense 10. That's a good upgrade. But the travel: Faro to Coimbra? Road: Faro [5] connects to [2] Evora, [4] Badajoz, [9] Sevilha. Not directly to Coimbra. So we can't send from Faro to Coimbra directly. We'd have to go through other villages, which takes multiple turns. So not possible.

What about from Santarem to Coimbra? That is 1 turn. So that's possible.

What about from Porto to Coimbra? 1 turn. Possible.

What about from Evora to Coimbra? Not direct.

So the only quick reinforcements for Coimbra are from Santarem or Porto.

Let's consider sending from Porto to Coimbra: send 1 knight. Then Porto has 2 knights, defense 5. Coimbra gets 1 knight, making it 2 spearman, 1 knight, defense 7.5. That helps Coimbra a bit but leaves Porto weaker. Since Porto is also a border, maybe not.

Sending from Santarem to Coimbra: send 1 archer and 1 knight. Santarem defense drops from 10 to 5 (2 spearman). Coimbra defense rises from 5 to 10. That's a significant improvement for Coimbra, but Santarem becomes weak. If Badajoz attacks Santarem, 2 spearman might not hold. Badajoz has 3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knights. Attack power: 3+2+12=17. Against 2 spearman defense 5, they'd win easily. So that's risky.

Maybe we should send only 1 troop from Santarem to Coimbra, like the knight. Then Santarem keeps 2 spearman, 1 archer, defense 7.5? 2 spearman (5) + archer (2.5) = 7.5. Coimbra gets knight, defense 7.5. That's more balanced.

Or we could send the archer, keeping knight and spearman. Santarem: 2 spearman, 1 knight, defense 5+2.5=7.5. Coimbra: 2 spearman, 1 archer, defense 7.5.

Let's decide to send the knight from Santarem to Coimbra. That way, Santarem keeps some defense, Coimbra gets a knight.

But we also want to build up Santarem for future attack. If we send the knight away, Santarem loses its knight, which might be useful later. But we can build more later.

Alternatively, we could not send any reinforcements from Santarem, and instead just build at Coimbra. That gives Coimbra +2 spearman next turn, so it will have 4 spearman, defense 10. That's good enough. And we keep Santarem's troops. So maybe that's better.

I think we should not send any troops away from our border villages. Instead, we should just build at each village to increase their garrisons over time. And we send from interior villages (Lisboa, Evora) to the border villages we want to build up (Santarem, Faro). That seems like a solid strategy.

So movements:
- Lisboa to Santarem: 2 spearman
- Evora to Faro: 2 spearman
- No other movements.

Now, what about the attack on Vigo? We decided to wait until next turn when we have built 2 spearman at Porto. So this turn, we just build at Porto.

But we also need to consider that we might want to send some troops from Porto to Vigo to scout? No.

So for this turn, we just build and send reinforcements.

Let's double-check if we can afford the builds. We have enough resources.

Now, we need to write the plan and statement.

Plan: We should write what we are doing and what to do next. For example: "This turn we are building in all villages and sending spearman from Lisboa to Santarem and from Evora to Faro to reinforce our borders. We are not attacking Vigo yet; we will attack next turn with 2 spearman and 2 knights from Porto after the build. We need to watch out for enemy attacks on Coimbra and Porto."

Statement: Something like: "I am strengthening my borders by building troops and sending reinforcements. I will attack Vigo next turn."

But we need to be careful: the statement is for the audience, it can have emotion.

Now, let's format the JSON.

We need to specify builds and movements.

Builds: list of objects with villageId, type, quantity.

Movements: list of objects with fromId, toId, troops.

We need to use the correct village IDs.

Let's list the builds:

1. Lisboa (0): spearman, 2
2. Santarem (1): archer, 2
3. Evora (2): spearman, 2
4. Coimbra (3): spearman, 2
5. Faro (5): archer, 2
6. Porto (6): spearman, 2
7. Sevilha (9): spearman, 2

Movements:
- from Lisboa (0) to Santarem (1): {"spearman": 2}
- from Evora (2) to Faro (5): {"spearman": 2}

We should also consider if we want to send from anywhere else. What about from Coimbra to somewhere? No.

What about from Faro to Sevilha? We decided not to.

What about from Santarem to Badajoz? No, we don't want to attack yet.

So that's it.

Now, we need to write the plan and statement.

Plan: "I am building in all villages to increase my forces. I sent spearman from Lisbon to Santarem and from Evora to Faro to reinforce my borders. I will attack Vigo next turn with Porto's knights and newly built spearman. I need to watch for enemy attacks on Coimbra and Porto, and continue gathering spearman at Santarem for the eventual attack on Badajoz."

Statement: "I am strengthening my borders and preparing for the assault on Vigo. My troops are building, and reinforcements are on the way. The enemy may attack, but I am ready."

We need to keep plan under 600 characters. Let's count: "I am building in all villages to increase my forces. I sent spearman from Lisbon to Santarem and from Evora to Faro to reinforce my borders. I will attack Vigo next turn with Porto's knights and newly built spearman. I need to watch for enemy attacks on Coimbra and Porto, and continue gathering spearman at Santarem for the eventual attack on Badajoz." That's about 400 characters. Good.

Statement: "I am strengthening my borders and preparing for the assault on Vigo. My troops are building, and reinforcements are on the way. The enemy may attack, but I am ready." About 200 characters.

Now, we need to output only the JSON.

Let's construct the JSON object.

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 3, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 5, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 6, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 9, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 0, "toId": 1, "troops": {"spearman": 2}},
    {"fromId": 2, "toId": 5, "troops": {"spearman": 2}}
  ],
  "plan": "I am building in all villages to increase my forces. I sent spearman from Lisbon to Santarem and from Evora to Faro to reinforce my borders. I will attack Vigo next turn with Porto's knights and newly built spearman. I need to watch for enemy attacks on Coimbra and Porto, and continue gathering spearman at Santarem for the eventual attack on Badajoz.",
  "statement": "I am strengthening my borders and preparing for the assault on Vigo. My troops are building, and reinforcements are on the way. The enemy may attack, but I am ready."
}

We need to ensure the village IDs are correct: 0 Lisboa, 1 Santarem, 2 Evora, 3 Coimbra, 5 Faro, 6 Porto, 9 Sevilha. Yes.

Also, note that we are building archers at Santarem and Faro. That uses wood and iron. Check if we have enough iron. Santarem has iron 50, archer costs 10 iron each, so 2 archers cost 20 iron, leaving 30 iron. Faro has iron 50, 2 archers cost 20 iron, leaving 30 iron. Good.

We are building spearman at others, which cost only wood. Check wood: Lisboa 30 -> 2 spearman cost 30, ok. Evora 40 -> 2 spearman cost 30, leaves 10 wood. Coimbra 40 -> 2 spearman cost 30, leaves 10. Porto 30 -> 2 spearman cost 30, leaves 0. Sevilha 40 -> 2 spearman cost 30, leaves 10. Good.

Now, we need to consider if we should build anything else? For example, we might want to build a knight at some village to have more knights. But we have limited resources. Our plan is to gather spearman for Badajoz, but we also need archers and knights. We are building archers at Santarem and Faro, which are our main attack villages. That seems good.

We might also want to build a knight at Santarem or Faro to have a more balanced force. But we can do that later.

I think this is a reasonable set of orders.

Now, we need to output the JSON. The instructions say: "Reply with ONE valid JSON object and nothing else - no text before or after it."

So we will output the JSON.

Let's double-check the movements: we are sending from Lisboa to Santarem: Lisboa has 2 spearman available. After sending, Lisboa will have 0 spearman, but we are building 2 new ones, so next turn it will have 2 again. That's fine. Evora has 2 spearman, we send them to Faro, and build 2 new ones, so next turn Evora has 2 again. Good.

Now, what about the enemy? We don't know what they will do. But our plan seems solid.

One more thing: we are not sending any troops to Coimbra or Porto to defend this turn. We are building there, but that won't help this turn. So if the enemy attacks Coimbra or Porto this turn, they will face the current garrisons. Coimbra has 2 spearman (defense 5). Porto has 3 knights (defense 8). That might be okay if the enemy doesn't attack with overwhelming force. But Salamanca has a big army. If they attack Coimbra with, say, all their troops, they would win. But they might not commit all. We have to hope.

Alternatively, we could send from Porto to Coimbra to reinforce, but that would leave Porto with 2 knights. If we send 1 knight from Porto to Coimbra, then Porto has 2 knights, Coimbra gets 1 knight. But then Porto is weaker. If the enemy attacks Porto, 2 knights might not be enough. So it's a trade-off.

Maybe we should send from Santarem to Coimbra, as we considered. But we decided not to because it weakens Santarem. However, Santarem is not as likely to be attacked as Coimbra? Badajoz is also a threat. But Badajoz has a smaller army than Salamanca. So maybe Santarem can hold with 2 spearman if attacked? Badajoz has 3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knights. If they attack Santarem, they would likely win against 2 spearman. So Santarem is also at risk.

So perhaps we should not weaken any border. Instead, we just build and hope the enemy doesn't attack this turn. That's a valid strategy.

I'll stick with the no-reinforcement-from-borders approach.

Now, let's write the final JSON.

We need to make sure the JSON is valid. We'll use double quotes.

Let's produce it.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":0,"destinoId":1,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2}},{"origemId":2,"destinoId":5,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO envio [0]->[1]: 2S
ACEITO envio [2]->[5]: 2S
plano (volta no proximo prompt): I am building in all villages to increase my forces. I sent spearman from Lisbon to Santarem and from Evora to Faro to reinforce my borders. I will attack Vigo next turn with Porto's knights and newly built spearman. I need to watch for enemy attacks on Coimbra and Porto, and continue gathering spearman at Santarem for the eventual attack on Badajoz.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): I am strengthening my borders and preparing for the assault on Vigo. My troops are building, and reinforcements are on the way. The enemy may attack, but I am ready.
########## TURNO 11 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4874 | resposta 37426 | raciocinio 31898 | finish stop | ms 405602
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 12, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 7, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 8, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 11, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 17, \"toId\": 7, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 20, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 16, \"toId\": 11, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 13, \"toId\": 11, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 12, \"toId\": 7, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 10, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 15, \"toId\": 9, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 3, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 8, \"toId\": 11, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 11, \"toId\": 9, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 11, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 4, \"toId\": 9, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 0}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Focus on southern front: attack Sevilha from Cordoba with 11 spearmen. Send reinforcements from Toledo, Valencia, and Badajoz to support the assault and hold captured territory. In the north, transfer troops from Madrid to Salamanca to build up for an attack on Coimbra/Porto next turn. Build spearmen in all villages to replenish and grow our army. Aim to capture Sevilha, then Faro, then northern villages to reach 18 villages.\",\n  \"statement\": \"King B launches a coordinated offensive! Cordoba's full strength strikes at Sevilha, while Toledo and Valencia rush to reinforce the line. Badajoz sends a supporting force. In the north, we mass troops in Salamanca for the next push. All villages work to build more spearmen. The enemy will not hold!\"\n}"
raciocinio: We are King B, currently holding 15 of 24 villages. The goal is to hold at least 18 for 2 consecutive turns or eliminate every enemy village. The enemy capital is Lisboa [0], but taking it is not required. The enemy is King A.

Current state:
- Our villages: 15 (listed). We have 64 soldiers at home + 17 marching.
- Enemy villages visible: [6] Porto, [3] Coimbra, [9] Sevilha, [5] Faro, [1] Santarem. Also enemy capital [0] Lisboa and [2] Evora are unexplored.
- Neutral: [14] Burgos (4 spearmen, stable for 5 turns).
- We have armies on the march: several groups heading to [12] Madrid (from [18], [21], [23], [20]) and one from [18] to [8] Toledo.

Last turn: We attacked and conquered [11] Cordoba, [7] Salamanca, [15] Murcia. We also attacked [14] Burgos and lost. Enemy attacked [4] Badajoz twice and was defeated. Enemy reinforcements arrived at [1] Santarem, [7] Salamanca, [5] Faro. Our reinforcements arrived at various places.

We need to decide on builds and movements for this turn.

First, assess the situation. We have 15 villages. To win, we need 18 for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate all enemy villages. The enemy has at least 6 villages (Porto, Coimbra, Sevilha, Faro, Santarem, Lisboa, Evora) - that's 7 if we count all, but some may be empty? Actually, the enemy capital is Lisboa, and we have unexplored [2] Evora and [10] Vigo (but Vigo is neutral? Wait, [10] Vigo is listed under UNEXPLORED, but in the road network it is connected to [6] Porto and [14] Burgos. It might be enemy or neutral. The report says "UNEXPLORED (3) - never seen; find them on the ROAD NETWORK below: [10] Vigo, [0] Lisboa (THE ENEMY CAPITAL - its garrison is unknown to you), [2] Evora". So Vigo is unexplored, could be enemy or neutral. But the enemy is King A, and we know some of their villages. We need to eliminate all enemy villages to win, or hold 18. Since we have 15, we need to capture 3 more and hold them for 2 turns. Alternatively, we could try to eliminate the enemy's villages, but that might be harder because we don't know all of them and the capital is strong.

Our current villages: we have several border villages: [7] Salamanca (border with enemy [3], [6]), [11] Cordoba (border with enemy [9]), [4] Badajoz (border with enemy [1], [5] and maybe others). We also have interior villages.

We have troops available to send now (from the report):
- Barcelona [22]: 1 knight available, already marching: 4 spearmen, 1 archer to [12] Madrid.
- Tarragona [21]: 1 knight available, marching: 2 spearmen, 1 archer to [12].
- Girona [23]: 1 knight available, marching: 2 spearmen, 1 archer to [12].
- Castellon [18]: 2 spearman available, marching: 2 spearmen to [8] Toledo.
- Zaragoza [17]: 4 spearman available, none marching.
- Huesca [20]: 2 spearman available, marching: 3 spearmen, 1 archer to [12].
- Valencia [16]: 1 knight available, none marching.
- Teruel [13]: 2 spearman available, none marching.
- Madrid [12]: 11 spearman, 1 archer available, none marching? Actually it says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 11 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight". It has 12 troops at home, but 11 spearman and 1 archer are available. It also has already marching out? It says "already marching out (NOT available):" but it lists none for Madrid? Wait, the report for Madrid says: "already marching out (NOT available):" but then it's empty? Actually, looking at the report: for [12] Madrid, it says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 11 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight (attack power if all sent: 13)" and then "already marching out (NOT available):" but there is nothing listed. So no troops are currently marching from Madrid. However, we have several armies marching to Madrid: from [18], [21], [23], [20]. They will arrive in 1 or 2 turns. So Madrid will get reinforcements soon.
- Murcia [15]: 3 spearman, 1 knight available, none marching.
- Salamanca [7]: 5 spearman, 1 archer, 5 knight available, none marching? It says "already marching out (NOT available):" but nothing listed. So all are available. But note: Salamanca is a border village with effective defense 28, and it has 11 troops at home. It can send up to 11? Actually it says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 5 spearman, 1 archer, 5 knight (attack power if all sent: 27)" but it has 11 troops at home? Wait, 5+1+5=11, so all are available. So we can send all 11 from Salamanca if we want.
- Toledo [8]: 2 spearman, 1 knight available, none marching? It says "already marching out (NOT available):" but nothing. So available: 2 spearman, 1 knight. But note: we have an army marching from [18] to [8] (2 spearmen) arriving in 1 turn.
- Cordoba [11]: 11 spearman available, none marching.
- Badajoz [4]: 3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight available, none marching? It says "already marching out (NOT available):" but nothing. So available: 3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight. But we also have a reinforcement arriving: 1 knight from somewhere? Last turn: "Your reinforcement (1 knight) arrived at [4] Badajoz". So it's already there.

We also have troops marching: 
- 2 spearmen from [18] to [8] (arrives 1 turn)
- 4 spearmen, 1 archer from [22] to [12] (arrives 2 turns)
- 2 spearmen, 1 archer from [21] to [12] (arrives 1 turn)
- 2 spearmen, 1 archer from [23] to [12] (arrives 2 turns)
- 3 spearmen, 1 archer from [20] to [12] (arrives 1 turn)

So in 1 turn, Madrid will receive: from [21] (2s,1a) and from [20] (3s,1a) = 5 spearmen, 2 archers. In 2 turns, from [22] (4s,1a) and [23] (2s,1a) = 6 spearmen, 2 archers. Also the 2 spearmen from [18] to [8] arrive in 1 turn.

Now, we need to plan our moves. The enemy has villages: [6] Porto (3 knights), [3] Coimbra (2 spearmen), [9] Sevilha (2s,1k), [5] Faro (2s,2a,1k), [1] Santarem (2s,1a,1k), and the capital [0] Lisboa (unknown), and maybe [2] Evora (unknown) and [10] Vigo (unknown). We also have neutral [14] Burgos (4 spearmen) which we attacked last turn and lost. We might want to try again, but maybe we need to gather more troops.

Our goal: get to 18 villages. We have 15. We need 3 more. Possible targets: the enemy villages we can see: Porto, Coimbra, Sevilha, Faro, Santarem. Also the unexplored ones might be enemy or neutral. If we can take 3 of these, we reach 18. But we must hold them for 2 consecutive turns. So we need to attack and capture, then defend against counterattacks.

We also need to consider the enemy's moves. They will be writing orders simultaneously. They might attack our border villages or send reinforcements. We don't know their orders.

Our strategy: We have a lot of troops in Madrid (12 at home, plus reinforcements coming). Salamanca has 11 troops. Cordoba has 11. Badajoz has 7. These are our main staging points. We can launch attacks from these border villages into enemy territory.

From Salamanca [7], we can attack [3] Coimbra (2s, defense 5) or [6] Porto (3k, defense 8). Coimbra is weaker. Porto has knights, which are vulnerable to spearmen? Actually, spearman counters knight. So if we send spearmen, we get a bonus. But we also have archers and knights available. We need to calculate effective force.

Combat rules: When attacking, we use our troops' attack values, defender uses defense. Counter triangle: spearman counters knight (x1.5), archer counters spearman (x1.5), knight counters archer (x1.5). The most numerous type sets the counter matchup. Defending in a village: defense counts x1.25 (already included in effective defense). So the effective defense numbers given are the final numbers we compare against.

For example, Coimbra: effective defense 5. If we attack with, say, 5 spearmen (attack 1 each, total 5). But we need to consider counter: if we send mostly spearmen, and the defender has spearmen? The defender's troops: Coimbra has 2 spearmen. The counter matchup is based on the most numerous type of each army. Our army: if we send all spearmen, our most numerous is spearman. Enemy garrison: 2 spearmen, so their most numerous is spearman. Spearman vs spearman: no counter bonus (only spearman counters knight, etc.). So no bonus. Our attack power: number of spearmen * attack = 5*1=5. Defender's effective defense is 5 (already includes location bonus). So attack 5 vs defense 5: tie favors defender. So we would lose. If we send more, say 6 spearmen (attack 6) vs defense 5, we win. But we need to consider losses. The winner takes losses against the loser's effective force. So if we win, we take losses equal to the defender's effective force? Actually: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So our losses are based on the loser's effective force. In this case, if we attack with 6 spearmen and win, our losses would be the defender's effective force? But the defender's effective force is their defense? Wait, the rules: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER. The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So if we win, we lose troops equal to the loser's effective force? But the loser's effective force is their attack? Actually, when defending, they use defense. So the loser's effective force is the defense value they had? But the report says "effective defense (location bonus included)" is the number we compare. So if we attack, our effective force is our attack sum (with counter bonus if applicable). The defender's effective force is their effective defense. If we win, we take losses equal to the defender's effective defense? Or is it the loser's effective force? The loser's effective force is the smaller number. So if we win, our losses = loser's effective force = defender's effective defense (if we win). That means if we attack with 6 spearmen (attack 6) vs defense 5, we win, but we lose 5 troops? That seems harsh. But the rules say "attrition against the loser's effective force". So yes, we lose troops equal to the loser's effective force. But note: the loser's effective force is the number that lost the comparison. So if we attack with 6 and defender has 5, the loser's effective force is 5, so we lose 5 troops. That means we would have 1 spearman left. Then we would conquer the village, and our remaining troops would be the garrison. But we also have to consider that the defender's troops are destroyed? Actually, "The losing army is destroyed entirely" for the loser. So if we win, the defender's army is destroyed, and we take losses equal to their effective force. So we need to have enough troops to survive. In this case, we need at least 6 spearmen to win, and we would lose 5, leaving 1. That might be okay if we want to capture the village with minimal losses, but we need to have enough to hold it. However, we can send more troops to follow up.

But we also have to consider that we can send multiple armies from different villages to the same target, but they fight alone one at a time. So we could send a weak army first to absorb the defense, then a stronger army to finish. But the first army would be destroyed, and the second would face the remaining garrison? Actually, if we attack a village, the garrison fights each attacking army separately. The first army arrives, fights the garrison. If it wins, it takes losses and the garrison is destroyed? Wait, if the first army wins, the garrison is destroyed, so the village is conquered. Then the second army arrives and finds no enemy? But the rules: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So if we send an army to an enemy village, it stops and fights. If it wins, it conquers the village. Then any subsequent army arriving would find it as our village and could reinforce. But if the first army loses, it is destroyed, and the garrison remains. Then the second army would fight the same garrison (maybe with reinforcements if the enemy built more). So we can sequence attacks.

But we need to be careful about timing: orders are simultaneous. So we can only send one army per village per turn? Actually, we can order each of our villages to send troops. They march and take time to arrive. We can send from multiple villages to the same target, but they will arrive at different times depending on distance.

Now, let's think about our overall plan. We have 15 villages. We need 3 more to reach 18. The easiest targets might be Coimbra (defense 5) and maybe Sevilha (defense 8) or Santarem (defense 10). But we also have to consider that the enemy might reinforce them. Also, we have unexplored villages: if we can explore and find neutral villages, we could take them without fighting the enemy? But neutral villages harden over time: every 5 turns they gain +1 troop. Burgos has 4 spearmen and is stable for 5 turns, meaning it hasn't gained recently? Actually "stable for 5 turns" means it hasn't gained in the last 5 turns? Or it will gain next turn? The report says: "Neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type." And for Burgos: "garrison: 4 spearmen | effective defense (location bonus included): 10 (stable for 5 turns)". So it's stable, meaning it hasn't gained recently, but it might gain soon. We could try to take it, but we lost last time. We need more troops.

Maybe we should focus on the enemy villages that are weaker. Coimbra has defense 5, but it's only 2 spearmen. If we send, say, 6 spearmen from Salamanca, we could take it, but we'd lose 5. Salamanca has 11 troops: 5 spearman, 1 archer, 5 knight. We could send all 11? But we need to consider the composition. If we send a mixed army, the counter might be different. Coimbra has 2 spearmen, so their most numerous is spearman. If we send mostly knights, knight vs spearman: spearman counters knight? Wait, counter: spearman counters knight. So if we send knights, the enemy spearmen counter us? The rule: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counts knight; archer counts spearman; knight counts archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So the counter is a bonus to the one who has the counter. If we send knights and the enemy has spearmen, the enemy has the counter (spearman counts knight), so they get a bonus? Actually, the rule says: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So we compare the most numerous type of our army and the most numerous type of the enemy army. If our most numerous is knight and theirs is spearman, then spearman counts knight, meaning they get the bonus? Or does "counts" mean that type is effective against the other? The phrasing: "spearman counts knight; archer counts spearman; knight counts archer." So if the enemy's most numerous is spearman and ours is knight, then spearman counts knight, so the enemy gets the bonus? That would mean we are at a disadvantage. So we want to have the counter against the enemy. For Coimbra (2 spearmen), we want to send archers? Archer counts spearman. So if we send mostly archers, we get the bonus. But we have limited archers. Alternatively, we could send spearmen: spearman vs spearman, no bonus. So sending spearmen is neutral. Sending knights would be bad because spearman counts knight.

So for Coimbra, we should send spearmen or archers. Since we have many spearmen, sending spearmen is fine. But we need to have enough to overcome the defense. Effective defense of Coimbra is 5. If we send 6 spearmen (attack 6), we win but lose 5. If we send 10 spearmen (attack 10), we win and lose 5? Actually, the loser's effective force is the defender's effective defense (5), so we would lose 5 troops regardless of how many we send? That doesn't seem right. Let's re-read: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So if we win, our losses are equal to the loser's effective force. The loser's effective force is the smaller number in the comparison. If we attack with 10 vs defense 5, the loser's effective force is 5, so we lose 5 troops. So we would have 5 left. So sending more doesn't increase our losses proportionally; it just ensures we win. So we want to send enough to win, but not more than necessary, because we might need those troops elsewhere. But if we send exactly the minimum to win, we lose the defender's effective force, which might be a large proportion. For Coimbra, defense 5, if we send 6, we lose 5, leaving 1. That's a bad trade. If we send 10, we lose 5, leaving 5. So it's better to send a larger force to have a decent garrison left. But we have to consider that we can send follow-up troops in later turns.

Also, we have to consider that the enemy might reinforce Coimbra. Last turn, a reinforcement of 1 knight arrived at [7] Salamanca? Wait, that was from the enemy? "A reinforcement of King A (1 knight) arrived at [7] Salamanca" - but Salamanca is ours! That must be a mistake in the report? Actually, reading: "A reinforcement of King A (1 knight) arrived at [7] Salamanca" - but [7] Salamanca is listed as OUR village. That is confusing. Maybe it's a typo? Or maybe the enemy captured it and we recaptured it? The report says we attacked and conquered [7] Salamanca last turn. So before that, it was enemy? The history: "You attacked [7] Salamanca: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 4 troops)". So we conquered it. But then "A reinforcement of King A (1 knight) arrived at [7] Salamanca" might have happened before our attack? The "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" lists events in some order. It says: "- King A attacked [4] Badajoz: DEFEAT" twice, then "- A reinforcement of King A (1 knight) arrived at [1] Santarem", "- A reinforcement of King A (1 knight) arrived at [7] Salamanca", "- A reinforcement of King A (1 archer) arrived at [5] Faro", then our reinforcements and attacks. So it seems the enemy sent reinforcements to Salamanca, but then we attacked and conquered it. So those reinforcements might have been destroyed or captured? The rules: when a village is conquered, the garrison is destroyed? Actually, when we attack and win, the losing army is destroyed. So if the enemy sent reinforcements to Salamanca, they would have arrived before our attack? Or after? The order of events might be: first, enemy reinforcements arrive, then we attack. So Salamanca might have had more troops when we attacked. But the report says we conquered it with losses of 4 troops. It doesn't tell us the enemy's strength at that time. Now, Salamanca is ours with 11 troops at home. So we can assume it's secure.

Now, we need to decide on builds and movements for this turn.

Builds: We should build troops in our villages to replenish and grow. We have many villages with wood and iron. We can build spearman, archers, or knights. We need to consider what we need for the next attacks. We might want to build more spearmen because they are cheap and effective against knights (which the enemy has). But we also need to consider that we have limited iron for knights and archers. Let's check each village's resources and what we can build.

We should build in all villages that have resources and are not at cap. The cap is 300 troops per village. Our villages have few troops at home (most have 1-12). So we can build.

We need to decide what to build. Since we are planning to attack enemy villages, we should build troops that are effective against the enemies we see. The enemy has a mix: Porto has 3 knights (so spearmen are good), Coimbra has 2 spearmen (archers good, or spearmen neutral), Sevilha has 2s,1k (so archers against spearmen, or knights against archers? Actually, if we send knights, they counter archers? Knight counts archer. But Sevilha has 2 spearmen and 1 knight. The most numerous is spearman. So if we send knights, the enemy's most numerous is spearman, which counts knight, so they get the bonus. So we don't want to send knights against a spearman-heavy force. If we send spearmen, it's neutral. If we send archers, archer counts spearman, so we get the bonus. So archers are good against Sevilha. But we have limited archers. Faro has 2s,2a,1k: most numerous is spearman (2) and archer (2) - tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight, so spearman is considered most numerous. So again, spearman most numerous. So archers would be good. Santarem has 2s,1a,1k: most numerous spearman. So archers are good against all these because they all have spearman as the most numerous (or tied). Porto has 3 knights: most numerous knight, so spearman counters knight, so spearmen are good. So we should build spearmen and archers. Knights are less useful unless we face an army with many archers. The enemy capital might have anything.

We also need to consider our own losses. We want to minimize losses. Building spearmen is cheap (15 wood, 0 iron). Archers cost 20 wood, 10 iron. Knights cost 30 wood, 30 iron. We have iron available in most villages. We should build a mix, but focus on spearmen for numbers and archers for counter.

Let's go village by village and decide builds. We should also consider that some villages are on the front line and might need troops for defense. But we can also send troops from interior to reinforce.

We need to output a JSON with "build" and "movements". Also "plan" and "statement".

Let's think about the plan for the next several turns. We need to capture 3 enemy villages to reach 18. The easiest might be Coimbra (defense 5) and then maybe Sevilha (defense 8) or Santarem (defense 10). But we also have to consider that we need to hold them for 2 turns. So we need to garrison them after capture. We can send follow-up troops.

Also, we have the neutral Burgos. If we can take it, that's another village. But it has 4 spearmen and defense 10. We might need a larger army. We could attack it from Madrid [12] which is close (1 turn). Madrid has 12 troops and reinforcements coming. We could gather troops there and attack Burgos. But last time we lost. Maybe we need more troops.

Alternatively, we could focus on the enemy's weaker villages. Coimbra is very weak. Let's calculate the force needed to take Coimbra with minimal losses. Coimbra: effective defense 5. If we attack with spearmen (attack 1 each), we need at least 6 to win (since tie goes to defender). But we lose 5 if we win. So we lose 5 spearmen. That's a lot. If we attack with archers (attack 2 each), we need 3 archers to get attack 6, but we have to consider counter: if we send 3 archers, our most numerous is archer. Enemy has 2 spearmen, most numerous spearman. Archer counts spearman, so we get x1.5 bonus. So our effective attack = 3 * 2 * 1.5 = 9. That beats defense 5 easily. We would win, and our losses would be equal to the loser's effective force (5). So we lose 5 troops? But wait, the rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So if we win, we lose troops equal to the loser's effective force. The loser's effective force is the defender's effective defense? Or is it the defender's effective force after applying counter? The rule says "attrition against the loser's effective force". The defender's effective force is their effective defense (which is already the number we compare). So if we attack with 3 archers, our effective attack is 9, defender's effective defense is 5. The loser is the defender with 5, so we lose 5 troops. But we only sent 3 archers! That would mean we lose more than we sent, which is impossible. So there must be a clarification. Probably the attrition is applied to the winner's army, but the number of troops lost is based on the loser's effective force, but capped by the number of troops the winner sent? Or maybe the effective force is calculated per troop? Let's re-read carefully.

"Each troop type has its own ATTACK and DEFENSE values (they are not equal):
  spearman: attack 1, defense 2, speed slow (costs 15 wood + 0 iron).
  archer: attack 2, defense 2, speed medium (costs 20 wood + 10 iron).
  knight: attack 4, defense 2, speed fast (costs 30 wood + 30 iron).
When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs.
Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5.
The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight).
Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital). In the open field (on a road) there is no bonus.
The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER.
The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."

So "effective force" is the number after applying attack/defense, counter, and location bonus. For the attacker, effective force = (sum of attack of troops) * (counter bonus if any). For the defender, effective force = (sum of defense of troops) * (location bonus) * (counter bonus if any? Wait, does the defender get counter bonus? The counter triangle is based on the most numerous type of each army. It says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So both sides can have a counter if their most numerous type counters the opponent's most numerous? Actually, it's a matchup: if army A's most numerous type counters army B's most numerous type, then army A gets the bonus. So it's possible that one side gets a bonus and the other doesn't. So the defender could get a bonus if their most numerous type counters the attacker's most numerous type. So effective force for each side is their attack or defense sum multiplied by the counter bonus if they have the counter.

Then the side with higher effective force wins. The winner takes losses equal to the loser's effective force. But what does "takes losses" mean? It means the winner's army is reduced by the loser's effective force. But how is that reduction applied? It must be that the winner loses a number of troops such that their total attack/defense is reduced by the loser's effective force? That is complicated. Probably the rule means that the winner's effective force is reduced by the loser's effective force, and the remaining effective force is what survives. But since troops have individual attack/defense, we need to know how many troops are lost. A simpler interpretation: the winner loses a number of troops equal to the loser's effective force divided by the troop type's attack or defense? That is messy.

Maybe the intended rule is: after the battle, the winner's army size is reduced by the loser's effective force (as a number of troops), but since different troops have different values, it might be that the loser's effective force is the number of "equivalent" troops. But the report gives "effective defense" as a single number. For example, Coimbra has effective defense 5. That number is the result of their defense calculation. If we attack and win, we lose 5 "points" of troops? But our troops have attack values. Perhaps the attrition is that we lose troops such that their total attack equals the loser's effective force? That would mean if we lose 5 attack worth of troops, we could lose 5 spearmen (attack 1 each) or 2.5 archers (not possible). So it's likely that the game tracks "strength" points. But the report shows number of troops. So there must be a conversion.

Let's look at the example from the report: "You attacked [11] Cordoba: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 3 troops)". Cordoba is our village? Wait, we attacked [11] Cordoba and conquered it. But [11] Cordoba is listed as OUR village now. So last turn we attacked it and took it from the enemy. The enemy's Cordoba had some defense. We lost 3 troops. That tells us the battle mechanics. We don't know the exact forces, but we can infer.

Another: "You attacked [7] Salamanca: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 4 troops)". "You attacked [15] Murcia: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 2 troops)". "You attacked [14] Burgos: DEFEAT (your army was lost)". So we lost entire army at Burgos.

So the losses are given as number of troops. So the attrition rule must be that the winner loses a number of troops equal to the loser's effective force? But that would mean if the loser's effective force is 10, we lose 10 troops. But in the Cordoba case, we lost 3 troops. So the loser's effective force must have been 3. That suggests that the effective force is roughly the number of troops? But Cordoba had 11 troops at home after we conquered it? Actually, before we attacked, it was an enemy village. The report says for Cordoba now: "effective defense (location bonus included): 28 | troops at home: 11 / 300". So its effective defense was 28 when it was enemy? But we attacked and lost only 3 troops. That doesn't match if we lost troops equal to effective defense. So my interpretation is wrong.

Let's re-read: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." Maybe it means the winner takes losses equal to the loser's effective force, but the loser's effective force is not the defense number; it's the force they had in the battle. But the report gives "effective defense" as the current defense value. When we attacked Cordoba, it was an enemy village with some garrison. We don't know what it was. But after we won, we lost 3 troops. So the enemy's effective force in that battle was 3. That means their effective force was small. But now Cordoba has effective defense 28 and 11 troops. So the defense number includes location bonus and maybe the troops' defense values. For 11 spearman, defense would be 11*2 = 22, plus location bonus (village x1.25) = 27.5, rounded to 28. So that matches. So the effective defense 28 is the defender's effective force when defending. If we attacked and won, we should have lost 28 troops? But we only lost 3. So clearly, the attrition is not equal to the loser's effective force in all cases.

Maybe the attrition is calculated as: the winner loses a number of troops equal to the loser's effective force divided by the winner's average attack or something? Or maybe the "effective force" in the attrition rule refers to the loser's effective force per troop? No.

Let's think differently. In many such games, combat is resolved by comparing total attack vs total defense, and casualties are proportional. Perhaps the rule is: the winner takes losses equal to the loser's effective force, but the loser's effective force is the total attack or defense of the loser's army, not the modified number. But the report says "effective defense (location bonus included)" is the number we see. So that number is the defender's effective force for the purpose of winning the battle. But for attrition, maybe it's the raw attack/defense sum? The rule says "attrition against the loser's effective force". So it uses the same effective force.

But then why did we lose only 3 troops when attacking Cordoba? Perhaps Cordoba had a small garrison at the time. Before we attacked, it might have had only a few troops. The report says we conquered it, and now it has 11 troops at home (which we built or sent). So the enemy's Cordoba might have had, say, 3 spearmen? Then effective defense would be 3*2*1.25 = 7.5, not 28. But the report says its effective defense is 28 now, after we conquered it and built troops. So the 28 is current, not at the time of attack. So we don't know the enemy's strength when we attacked.

So we can't infer the attrition rule from that.

Maybe the attrition rule means: the winner loses a number of troops equal to the loser's effective force, but the loser's effective force is calculated as the number of troops times their attack/defense, and then the winner loses that many "points", and each of the winner's troops has a certain number of points? That is too vague.

Let's look for clues in the rules. "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER. The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." This is similar to some risk-like games. Often, the winner loses a number of troops equal to the loser's die roll or something. But here it's deterministic.

Another interpretation: The effective force is a number. The winner's army is reduced by the loser's effective force, but the reduction is applied to the winner's effective force, and then we figure out how many troops that corresponds to. For example, if we attack with 10 spearmen (attack 10, no counter), our effective force is 10. Defender has effective defense 5. We win. Our effective force is reduced by the loser's effective force (5), so our remaining effective force is 5. That means we have enough attack to equal 5, so we keep 5 spearmen. So we lose 5 spearmen. That matches the idea: we lose troops such that our remaining attack equals the difference. So if we attack with 10 spearmen vs defense 5, we win and lose 5 spearmen, leaving 5. If we attack with 6 spearmen vs defense 5, we win and lose 5, leaving 1. So the number of troops we lose is equal to the defender's effective defense (if we win), but capped by the number of troops we sent? Actually, if we sent 6 and lose 5, we have 1 left. If we sent 4 and lose 5, we can't lose more than we have, so we would be destroyed. So we need to send more than the defender's effective defense to survive? But wait, if we send 6 and the defender's effective defense is 5, we lose 5, so we need to have at least 6 to have 1 left. So to have a remaining garrison, we need to send more than the defender's effective defense. But the defender's effective defense is a number like 5. That number is the product of their troops' defense and location bonus. For Coimbra, with 2 spearmen, defense per spearman is 2, so total defense = 4, location bonus x1.25 = 5. So effective defense = 5. So if we attack with spearmen, we need to send at least 6 to win, and we lose 5, leaving 1. If we send 10, we lose 5, leaving 5. So it's better to send a larger force to have a decent garrison, but we might not need to leave a large garrison if we can send reinforcements later.

But wait: if we send 6 spearmen and win, we lose 5, leaving 1 spearman. That 1 spearman becomes the garrison. The village is conquered. Next turn, we can send more troops to reinforce it. So it's possible to take a village with minimal initial force and then build up. However, the enemy might try to retake it. So we need to consider the strategic situation.

Now, let's plan our moves. We have several armies on the march to Madrid. Madrid is a major hub. We also have troops in Salamanca, Cordoba, Badajoz. We need to decide where to attack.

Our immediate goal: capture 3 enemy villages. The closest and weakest is Coimbra [3] from Salamanca [7] (2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns? Actually, march from [7] Salamanca to [3] Coimbra: the report says "march from [7] Salamanca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Coimbra? Wait, in the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" section, for [3] Coimbra, it says "march from [7] Salamanca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So travel time: 2 turns for slow troops (spearman), 1 turn for medium (archer), 1 turn for fast (knight). So if we send spearmen from Salamanca, it takes 2 turns to arrive. If we send knights, 1 turn. So we can reach Coimbra in 1 turn with fast troops, or 2 with slow.

We also have Porto [6] from Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So 1 turn for all.

From Cordoba [11], we can attack Sevilha [9]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So 1 turn.

From Badajoz [4], we can attack Santarem [1] or Faro [5]: both 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

So we have multiple fronts.

We need to decide which villages to attack this turn. Since orders are simultaneous, we must consider that the enemy will also be moving. They might reinforce their villages or attack our villages. We don't know their plans, but we can assume they will try to defend their territory. They might attack our border villages (Salamanca, Cordoba, Badajoz). We should ensure our border villages have enough troops to defend, or we might need to send reinforcements to them. But we can also send troops to attack, leaving the village with fewer defenders. That's risky.

We have a lot of troops available in our interior villages that are not on the front line. We can send them to the front line to reinforce before attacking. For example, Madrid has 11 spearman, 1 archer available. We can send them to Salamanca or Cordoba or Badajoz to bolster those garrisons, then next turn attack from there. But sending takes time. Madrid to Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So if we send from Madrid to Salamanca, it takes 1 turn for all types. So they would arrive next turn. Then from Salamanca we could attack Coimbra or Porto the following turn. But we need to attack this turn? We can attack this turn from Salamanca directly if we have troops there. Salamanca has 11 troops available. We could send some of them to attack Coimbra now. But if we send them, Salamanca's defense weakens. However, Salamanca is a border village; if the enemy attacks it, they might take it. But the enemy might not have enough troops nearby. We have to weigh the risks.

Let's assess the enemy's possible moves. The enemy has villages: Porto, Coimbra, Sevilha, Faro, Santarem, and the capital Lisboa, plus maybe Evora and Vigo. They can send troops from these to attack our villages. The most likely targets are our border villages: Salamanca (connected to Coimbra and Porto), Cordoba (connected to Sevilha), Badajoz (connected to Santarem and Faro). They might also try to retake Madrid? But Madrid is interior, not directly connected to enemy villages? Actually, Madrid [12] is connected to [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza. None of these are enemy (except Salamanca is ours, Burgos neutral). So Madrid is not directly on the enemy border. So they would have to march through our territory to reach it, which is harder. So our interior villages are relatively safe.

So we can probably afford to send troops from Salamanca, Cordoba, and Badajoz to attack, leaving those villages with fewer defenders, but we should leave enough to deter attack. What is "enough"? If the enemy attacks, they will compare their effective force to our effective defense. Our effective defense in Salamanca is 28 (with 11 troops). If we send, say, 5 troops, we have 6 left, effective defense might drop. But the enemy's attack force might be limited. We don't know their strength. But we can also send reinforcements from interior to those border villages to compensate.

We have many troops in interior villages that are not doing much: Zaragoza (4 spearman), Huesca (2 spearman), Valencia (1 knight), Teruel (2 spearman), Murcia (3s,1k), etc. We can send them to the border.

But we need to be efficient. We want to win battles and lose few troops. Let's calculate the forces needed for each target.

Target: Coimbra [3] - enemy, 2 spearmen, effective defense 5.
We can attack from Salamanca [7] (distance: 2 slow, 1 medium, 1 fast). If we send spearmen, it takes 2 turns. If we send knights, 1 turn. But we want to arrive simultaneously? Actually, we can mix speeds, but the army moves at the speed of the slowest. So if we send a mixed army, it takes the slowest speed. To minimize travel time, we could send only fast troops (knights) to arrive in 1 turn. But we need to consider counter. Coimbra has 2 spearmen. If we send knights, our most numerous is knight, enemy most numerous is spearman. Spearman counts knight, so enemy gets x1.5 bonus. So our knights would be at a disadvantage. We should not send knights to Coimbra. If we send archers, they take 1 turn (medium speed). Archer counts spearman, so we get bonus. But we have few archers. Salamanca has 1 archer available. We could send that 1 archer with some spearmen? But if we mix, the most numerous type sets the counter. If we send, say, 5 spearmen and 1 archer, most numerous is spearman (5 vs 1). Then the counter matchup is spearman vs spearman (no bonus). So the archer doesn't help with counter unless we send more archers than spearmen. So to get the counter bonus, we need to have the majority of our army be the type that counters the enemy's most numerous. For Coimbra, enemy most numerous is spearman (2). To counter, we need archers to be our most numerous. So we would need to send more archers than spearmen. But we don't have many archers. Alternatively, we can just send spearmen and accept the neutral matchup. That's fine. We can send spearmen; they take 2 turns. But we can also send from Madrid? Madrid to Coimbra: Madrid is connected to Salamanca, so to get to Coimbra, we'd have to go through Salamanca? Actually, the road network: Coimbra [3] is connected to [1] Santarem, [6] Porto, [7] Salamanca. So to attack Coimbra from Madrid, we would have to send troops to Salamanca first (1 turn), then from Salamanca to Coimbra (2 turns for slow). So total 3 turns. That's slower. So better to attack from Salamanca directly.

But we also have the option to attack Porto [6] from Salamanca. Porto has 3 knights, effective defense 8. Enemy most numerous: knight. To counter, we need spearmen (spearman counts knight). So we should send spearmen. If we send spearmen, they take 2 turns (slow). But we can also send a mix where spearmen are majority. We have 5 spearmen available in Salamanca. We could send all 5. Let's calculate: 5 spearmen, attack 5. Enemy effective defense 8. We need to win: our effective force must be >8. With 5 spearmen, attack 5, no counter (if we send all spearmen, our most numerous is spearman, enemy most numerous is knight, so spearman counts knight, we get x1.5 bonus! Wait: if we send spearmen and enemy has knights, then spearman counts knight, so WE get the counter bonus. So our effective attack = 5 * 1.5 = 7.5, rounded? Probably 7 or 8? The rule says multiplies by 1.5. So 5*1.5=7.5. Effective defense of Porto is 8. So 7.5 < 8, we lose. If we send 6 spearmen: 6*1.5=9 > 8, we win. But we only have 5 spearmen in Salamanca. We could send the 1 archer and 5 spearmen? That would be 5 spearmen, 1 archer. Most numerous is spearman (5 vs 1). So counter still spearman counts knight, bonus to us. Attack: spearmen total attack 5, archer attack 2, total 7. With bonus x1.5? Wait, does the bonus apply to the whole army or just the troop type that has the counter? The rule: "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It says "your force", implying the entire army's attack is multiplied. So if we have the counter, our total attack (sum of all troops' attack) is multiplied by 1.5. So with 5 spearmen (attack 5) and 1 archer (attack 2), total attack = 7. With counter, 7*1.5 = 10.5. That beats 8. So we would win. But we need to check if the counter applies: our most numerous is spearman (5), enemy most numerous is knight (3). Spearman counts knight, so we have the counter. So we get the bonus. So we can win with 5 spearmen and 1 archer from Salamanca. But we also have 5 knights available in Salamanca. If we send knights, they are fast (1 turn). But if we send knights, our most numerous might be knight if we send more knights than spearmen. Enemy has knights, so knight vs knight: no bonus. Attack of knights: 5*4=20, but no bonus, so effective attack 20 vs defense 8, we win easily. But we would lose troops equal to loser's effective force (8). So we'd lose 8 knights? But we only send 5, so we'd be destroyed. So we need to send more than 8 knights to survive. We don't have that many. So sending knights is risky because they are expensive and we might lose them. Sending spearmen and archers is cheaper and we can afford to lose some.

But we also need to consider that we might want to save our spearmen for building, since they are cheap to build. Actually, we can always build more. The key is to have a sustainable campaign.

Let's think about the overall strategy. We have 15 villages. We need 3 more. The enemy has at least 6 villages. If we can take 3, we reach 18 and can win by holding. But we must hold for 2 consecutive turns. So we need to take villages and then defend them against enemy counterattacks. The enemy will likely try to retake them. So we need to have strong garrisons.

Maybe a better approach: focus on one area at a time. We have multiple fronts. We could try to take Coimbra and Porto from Salamanca, or Sevilha and Faro from Cordoba/Badajoz, or Santarem from Badajoz. We also have the neutral Burgos, which is close to Madrid. If we take Burgos, that's a village. But it's neutral, not enemy, so it doesn't count towards eliminating enemy villages, but it does count towards the 18. So taking Burgos could be a way to get to 18 without fighting the enemy directly. But we need to take it and hold it. Burgos has 4 spearmen, defense 10. We attacked last turn and lost. We need a bigger army. We can gather troops in Madrid and attack from there. Madrid to Burgos is 1 turn (1 slow/1 medium/1 fast). So we can attack this turn if we send from Madrid. Madrid has 11 spearman, 1 archer available. If we send them all: 11 spearman (attack 11) + 1 archer (attack 2) = 13. Enemy Burgos: 4 spearmen, most numerous spearman. Our most numerous is spearman (11 vs 1). So counter: spearman vs spearman, no bonus. Effective attack 13 vs defense 10. We win. Loser's effective force = 10. So we lose 10 troops. We sent 12, so we have 2 left. That's not great. But we could send more from other villages to Madrid first? Or we could send from Madrid and also from Zaragoza? Zaragoza to Burgos: Zaragoza [17] is connected to [12] Madrid, so to attack Burgos from Zaragoza, we'd have to go through Madrid? Actually, road: Burgos [14] is connected to [10] Vigo, [12] Madrid, [19] Pamplona. So from Zaragoza [17], we can go to Madrid [12] (1 turn? Zaragoza to Madrid: the report says for Zaragoza: "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". But to Madrid, it's not listed. Looking at road network: [17] Zaragoza is connected to [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona. So Zaragoza to Madrid is directly connected. The distance? Not given, but likely 1 or 2 turns. We can check other villages: Madrid to Salamanca is 1 turn. So Zaragoza to Madrid is probably similar. But we don't have exact travel times for all routes. The report only gives travel times from each village to its nearest border village. So we might not know the exact time from Zaragoza to Madrid. But we can assume it's short.

However, we might not need to take Burgos if we can take enemy villages. Taking enemy villages reduces their count, which might be easier to hold because they are farther from their other villages? Actually, if we take Coimbra, it's on the border, and the enemy can attack from Porto or Santarem. So it might be contested. But if we take both Coimbra and Porto, then that front is secure. So maybe we should aim to take a cluster.

Let's list the enemy villages and their connections:
- Porto [6]: connected to Coimbra [3], Salamanca [7], Vigo [10].
- Coimbra [3]: connected to Santarem [1], Porto [6], Salamanca [7].
- Santarem [1]: connected to Lisboa [0], Coimbra [3], Badajoz [4].
- Faro [5]: connected to Evora [2], Badajoz [4], Sevilha [9].
- Sevilha [9]: connected to Badajoz [4], Faro [5], Cordoba [11].
- Lisboa [0]: capital, connected to Santarem [1], Evora [2].
- Evora [2]: connected to Lisboa [0], Faro [5].
- Vigo [10]: unknown, connected to Porto [6], Burgos [14].

So the enemy's territory is somewhat divided: the western group (Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, Faro) and the northern group (Porto, Coimbra). Sevilha is connected to both via Faro and Badajoz.

If we take Coimbra, the enemy can attack from Porto or Santarem. If we take Porto, Coimbra is cut off from the rest? Actually, Coimbra is connected to Porto and Santarem. So if we take Coimbra, Porto still has connection to Vigo and Burgos? Porto is connected to Vigo and Burgos via [10] and [14]. So if we take Porto, we might open a new front to Vigo (unknown) and Burgos (neutral). That could be good.

But we need to be realistic about our troop strength. We have many troops but they are scattered. We need to concentrate force.

Let's take inventory of all available troops (at home, not marching):
- Barcelona [22]: 1 knight
- Tarragona [21]: 1 knight
- Girona [23]: 1 knight
- Castellon [18]: 2 spearman
- Zaragoza [17]: 4 spearman
- Huesca [20]: 2 spearman
- Valencia [16]: 1 knight
- Teruel [13]: 2 spearman
- Madrid [12]: 11 spearman, 1 archer
- Murcia [15]: 3 spearman, 1 knight
- Salamanca [7]: 5 spearman, 1 archer, 5 knight
- Toledo [8]: 2 spearman, 1 knight
- Cordoba [11]: 11 spearman
- Badajoz [4]: 3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight
- Also, we have troops marching that will arrive soon: to Madrid: from [21] (2s,1a) in 1 turn, from [20] (3s,1a) in 1 turn, from [22] (4s,1a) in 2 turns, from [23] (2s,1a) in 2 turns. To Toledo [8]: from [18] (2s) in 1 turn.

So in 1 turn, Madrid will have its current 12 + 5s,2a = 17s,3a? Actually, current Madrid: 11s,1a. Incoming: 2s,1a from [21] and 3s,1a from [20] = 5s,2a. So total 16s,3a = 19 troops. Plus the other two will arrive in 2 turns: 4s,1a and 2s,1a = 6s,2a, so eventually Madrid will have 22s,5a? But we might send some away.

We need to decide on builds this turn. We should build troops to replace losses and to have enough for attacks. We should build in villages that have resources and are not at cap. Most villages have wood and iron. Let's check each:

- Barcelona [22]: wood 40, iron 60. Can build: spearman (15w, 0i) -> 2 max? Actually, we can build as many as we want as long as we have resources and cap not reached. Cap is 300, currently 1 at home. So we can build many. But we need to decide what to build. Knights cost 30w,30i. We have 40w,60i, so we can build 1 knight (cost 30w,30i) and have left 10w,30i. Or we could build spearman: 15w each, so we can build 2 spearman (30w) and have 10w,60i. Or archers: 20w,10i, so 2 archers (40w,20i) with 0w,40i. Since we need troops for the front, we might want to build more spearmen because they are cheap and effective against knights. But we also need archers for counter. Let's build a mix. But we also have to consider that Barcelona is far from the front. It takes time to send troops from there. We might want to build troops that can be sent to the front. But we can also just build and send them later.

We should probably build in all villages to maximize our army, but we need to be strategic about what we build where. For example, in villages near the front, we might want to build troops that are useful for defense or attack. In interior villages, we can build whatever and then send them.

But we also need to issue movement orders. We can send troops from interior to front line to reinforce. For example, we can send the available troops from Zaragoza, Huesca, etc. to Madrid, and then from Madrid to Salamanca or Cordoba. But that takes time.

Given the complexity, let's focus on a specific plan for this turn.

Plan for this turn (Turn 11):
- We have 15 villages. We need to capture at least 3 more to reach 18. Let's target Coimbra, Sevilha, and maybe Santarem or Faro. But we can only attack a few this turn because we have limited troops in each location. We can attack from multiple villages simultaneously.

Let's consider attacking Coimbra from Salamanca. Salamanca has 5s,1a,5k available. We want to attack Coimbra with a force that ensures victory with acceptable losses. We can send a mixed force. To minimize losses, we want to have a high effective attack relative to defense. Coimbra defense 5. If we send, say, 10 spearmen? But we only have 5. We could send the 5 spearmen and 1 archer: total attack 7, with counter (spearman counts spearman? No, enemy has spearmen, so no counter). So effective attack 7 vs 5, we win. Loser's effective force = 5, so we lose 5 troops. We sent 6, so we have 1 left. That's not great. If we send more, we need to bring troops from elsewhere. But we can send from Madrid to Salamanca first? That would take 1 turn, so they wouldn't arrive in time to attack Coimbra this turn. We could attack Coimbra next turn with a larger force. But we want to capture villages quickly to reach 18.

Alternatively, we could attack Porto from Salamanca. Porto defense 8, 3 knights. If we send 5 spearmen and 1 archer from Salamanca: total attack 7, counter: spearman counts knight, so we get x1.5, effective attack 10.5 vs 8, win. Loser's effective force = 8, so we lose 8 troops. We sent 6, so we lose all? Actually, we lose 8, but we only have 6, so we are destroyed. So we need to send more than 8 to survive. We could send the 5 knights? But knights vs knights: no counter, attack 20 vs 8, win, but lose 8 knights. We have 5 knights, so we'd lose all. So we need to send a larger army. We could send from Madrid to Salamanca to reinforce, but again, takes time.

Maybe we should focus on the southern front: Sevilha from Cordoba. Cordoba has 11 spearman available. Sevilha: 2s,1k, defense 8. Enemy most numerous: spearman (2). If we send spearmen from Cordoba: 11 spearman, attack 11, no counter (spearman vs spearman). Effective attack 11 vs 8, win. Loser's effective force = 8, so we lose 8 troops. We sent 11, so we have 3 left. That's better. We could also send some archers if we had them, but we don't have many in Cordoba. Cordoba has only spearman available. So we can send 11 spearman to Sevilha. Travel time: Cordoba to Sevilha is 1 turn (1 slow/1 medium/1 fast). So they would arrive next turn? Actually, if we order them now, they march and arrive in 1 turn. So the attack would happen on Turn 12? Wait, the report says "march from [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Sevilha. So if we send from Cordoba now, they will arrive and fight on the next turn? Or does the fight happen on the turn they arrive? The rules: "Armies march along the ROAD NETWORK... Travel time is measured along the roads... Marching takes turns, and during those turns the enemy keeps building and moving." So if we send an army, it takes a certain number of turns to arrive. On the turn it arrives, it fights. So if we order now (Turn 11), and it takes 1 turn, it will arrive and fight on Turn 12. So the result will be known next turn. So we can attack this turn, but the battle will be resolved next turn. That's fine.

We can also attack from Badajoz to Santarem or Faro. Badajoz has 3s,1a,3k available. Santarem: 2s,1a,1k, defense 10. Enemy most numerous: spearman (2). If we send from Badajoz: we could send the 3 spearman and 1 archer: attack 5, no counter (spearman vs spearman). Effective attack 5 vs 10, lose. If we send the 3 knights: attack 12, but most numerous knight vs spearman? Enemy most numerous spearman, so spearman counts knight, enemy gets bonus? Wait, if we send 3 knights, our most numerous is knight. Enemy most numerous is spearman. Spearman counts knight, so the enemy gets the counter bonus! That means the enemy's effective defense is multiplied by 1.5. So their defense 10 becomes 15. Our attack 12 vs 15, we lose. So sending knights against a spearman-heavy enemy is bad. We need to send spearmen or archers. But we only have 3 spearmen in Badajoz. We could send them with the archer: attack 3*1+2=5, still too weak. We need more troops. We could send from other villages to Badajoz first, but that takes time.

What about Faro? Faro: 2s,2a,1k, defense 13. Most numerous: spearman (2) and archer (2) tie, breaks to spearman. So spearman most numerous. If we send from Badajoz, similar problem.

So our best immediate attack is from Cordoba to Sevilha with 11 spearman. That should win, though we lose 8, leaving 3. We can then send reinforcements later.

We also have the option to attack Burgos from Madrid. Madrid has 11s,1a. Burgos: 4s, defense 10. If we send all from Madrid: attack 12 (11+1? Actually, 11s attack 11, 1a attack 2, total 13). No counter (spearman vs spearman). Effective attack 13 vs 10, win. Lose 10, leave 3. That's similar. But Burgos is neutral; taking it gives us a village without reducing enemy count. But we need 3 more villages. If we take Burgos, we go from 15 to 16. Still need 2 more. If we take Sevilha, we go from 15 to 16 (since Sevilha is enemy). Actually, we currently have 15. The enemy has Porto, Coimbra, Sevilha, Faro, Santarem, Lisboa, Evora, maybe Vigo. That's up to 8. We need to take 3 to reach 18. So taking Sevilha gives us 16. Taking Coimbra gives 17. Taking Porto gives 18. Or we could take Burgos and Coimbra and something else.

But we also need to consider that we might be able to take multiple villages in one turn if we have armies already marching. We have armies marching to Madrid: they will arrive in 1 or 2 turns. We could redirect them? No, once marching, they go to the ordered destination. We ordered them to Madrid last turn. They are on their way. We can't change their destination now. So they will arrive at Madrid. We can then use them next turn.

We also have an army marching from [18] to [8] Toledo (2 spearmen). That will arrive next turn.

So for this turn's orders, we can:
- Build troops in various villages.
- Send troops from some villages to attack enemy villages, or to reinforce our own villages.

We need to decide on a coherent plan.

Let's think about the endgame. To win by holding 18 for 2 turns, we need to capture and hold 3 enemy villages (or 2 enemy and 1 neutral, etc.). The enemy will try to retake them. So we need to be able to defend them. That means we need to have a steady stream of reinforcements. Our interior villages can produce troops and send them to the front.

Maybe we should focus on capturing Coimbra and Porto, because they are close to each other and we can take both, then we have a solid front. But we need to have enough troops. Salamanca is our main base for that front. We can send troops from Madrid to Salamanca to build up Salamanca's garrison, then attack. But we can also attack this turn with what we have.

Let's calculate the force needed to take Coimbra with acceptable losses. Coimbra defense 5. If we attack with archers, we can win with fewer troops. Salamanca has 1 archer. We could send that 1 archer? Attack 2, with counter (archer counts spearman) x1.5 = 3. Not enough. If we had 2 archers: attack 4*1.5=6 >5, win, lose 5? But we only have 1 archer in Salamanca. We could build archers in other villages and send them to Salamanca, but that takes time. Alternatively, we could send spearmen. If we send 6 spearmen, we win and lose 5, leaving 1. But we only have 5 spearmen in Salamanca. We could send the 5 spearmen and accept that we might lose them all? If we send 5 spearmen, attack 5 vs defense 5, tie goes to defender, so we lose. So we need at least 6. We don't have 6 in Salamanca. We could send from Madrid to Salamanca, but they won't arrive in time to attack Coimbra this turn. They would arrive next turn. So we could attack Coimbra next turn with a larger force. That might be better: send reinforcements to Salamanca now, then attack Coimbra next turn. But we also need to consider that the enemy might reinforce Coimbra in the meantime. The enemy could send troops to Coimbra from Porto or Santarem. So delaying might make Coimbra stronger.

What about attacking Porto? Porto defense 8, 3 knights. We need to send spearmen to counter. If we send 6 spearmen, attack 6*1.5=9 >8, win, lose 8, leave -2? Actually, we lose 8, but we only sent 6, so we are destroyed. So we need to send at least 9 spearmen to survive (9*1.5=13.5, lose 8, leave 5.5? Actually, we lose 8 troops, so we need to send more than 8. If we send 10 spearmen, attack 15, win, lose 8, leave 2. So we need 10 spearmen. We don't have that many in Salamanca. We could gather them from other villages. Madrid has 11 spearmen. If we send them to Salamanca, they take 1 turn. Then next turn we can attack Porto with 10+ spearmen. But again, the enemy might reinforce.

Maybe we should attack a weaker target: Santarem from Badajoz? Santarem defense 10. We need to send spearmen or archers. Badajoz has 3s,1a,3k. Not enough. We could send from Cordoba? Cordoba to Santarem: Cordoba is connected to Sevilha and Badajoz? Actually, road: Cordoba [11] connected to [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia. Not directly to Santarem. To reach Santarem from Cordoba, we'd have to go through Sevilha (enemy) or Badajoz (ours). So we'd have to go through Badajoz. That takes time.

What about Faro from Badajoz? Faro defense 13, even stronger.

So the southern front (Sevilha) seems more promising because Cordoba has 11 spearmen ready. We can attack Sevilha this turn with 11 spearmen, win, lose 8, leave 3. Then we have Sevilha. Next turn, we can send more troops to Sevilha to reinforce, and maybe attack Faro or Cordoba? Actually, after taking Sevilha, we will have a border with Faro [5] and Badajoz [4] (already ours) and Cordoba [11] (ours). So we can then attack Faro from Sevilha or Badajoz.

Let's check the travel time from Cordoba to Sevilha: 1 turn. So if we send from Cordoba now, they arrive next turn. The battle is next turn. So we will know the result next turn. We can also send from Badajoz to Sevilha? Badajoz to Sevilha: Badajoz [4] connected to [1] Santarem, [5] Faro, [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha. So Badajoz to Sevilha is directly connected. Travel time? Not given, but likely 1 turn as well. We could send troops from Badajoz to Sevilha too. But they would fight separately? The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if we send from Cordoba and Badajoz to Sevilha, they would arrive and fight one after the other. The first one to arrive would fight the garrison. If it wins, it conquers the village, and the second one would arrive and find it ours (so it would reinforce). But if the first one loses, the second fights the same garrison. So we could send a weak force first to soften the garrison, then a strong force to finish. But we need to order them now. We could order from Cordoba: 11 spearman, and from Badajoz: maybe 3 spearman, 1 archer. The order of arrival: both take 1 turn? Actually, they might have different speeds. If we send spearmen from Cordoba (slow) and spearmen from Badajoz (slow), they might arrive at the same time? The rule says they fight one at a time, but it doesn't specify the order. Probably the defender chooses or they are resolved in some order. But we can assume they fight sequentially. So we could send a small force from Badajoz to arrive first? But we can't control the order if they have the same travel time. The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if they arrive on the same turn, they fight sequentially. The order might be arbitrary. So it's risky to rely on that.

Better to send one strong attack from one village. Cordoba has the strongest available force. So let's plan to attack Sevilha from Cordoba with all 11 spearman. We should also build more troops in Cordoba to replace losses and have a garrison. Cordoba has wood 30, iron 40. It can build spearman (15w) or archer (20w,10i) or knight (30w,30i). It has 11 spearman at home, but cap is 300, so it can build more. We can build, say, 2 spearman (30w) this turn? Actually, wood 30, so we can build 2 spearman (30w) and have 0 wood left. Iron 40, so we could also build an archer? Archer costs 20w,10i, but we have 0 wood after spearman? Wait, we have wood 30. If we build 2 spearman, cost 30 wood, wood becomes 0. Then we can't build archer because it needs wood. We could build 1 spearman (15w) and 1 archer (20w,10i) = 35 wood, but we only have 30. So we can't. We could build 1 knight (30w,30i) but we have 30w,40i, so we can build 1 knight, leaving 0w,10i. That might be useful. But knights are expensive and we might lose them. Since we are attacking with spearmen, we might want to build more spearmen to replenish. But Cordoba will have 0 wood after building 2 spearman? Actually, it produces 30 wood per turn. So next turn it will have 30 wood again. So we can build 2 spearman now, and next turn build more.

But we also need to consider that Cordoba's current troops (11 spearman) are available to send. If we send them all, Cordoba will have 0 troops left. That's dangerous if the enemy attacks Cordoba. But Cordoba is connected to Sevilha (enemy), and to Toledo [8] (ours), and Murcia [15] (ours). The enemy could attack from Sevilha. If we take Sevilha, that threat is removed. But if we leave Cordoba empty, the enemy could attack from Sevilha and take it back? Actually, if we attack Sevilha and win, we take it. But if we leave Cordoba empty, and the enemy has another army, they could attack Cordoba? But Cordoba is ours, so they would have to march from somewhere. The only enemy connection to Cordoba is through Sevilha. If we take Sevilha, they can't directly attack Cordoba unless they go through our territory. So it might be safe to empty Cordoba for the attack. But we should probably leave a few troops to defend, or send reinforcements from elsewhere.

We have Toledo [8] with 2s,1k available, and it's connected to Cordoba (1 turn). We could send troops from Toledo to Cordoba to reinforce after the attack? Or we could send them now to Cordoba to follow the attack? But if we send them now, they would arrive next turn and could fight as a second wave. But if the first wave from Cordoba conquers Sevilha, the second wave from Toledo would arrive and reinforce Sevilha. That's good. So we could send from Toledo to Sevilha directly? Toledo to Sevilha: Toledo [8] connected to [4] Badajoz, [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel. Not directly to Sevilha. To get to Sevilha from Toledo, we'd have to go through Cordoba (which is ours) or Badajoz. So we could send from Toledo to Cordoba (1 turn), then from Cordoba to Sevilha (another turn). So total 2 turns. That's slower. Better to send from Toledo to Cordoba to reinforce Cordoba after we send its troops away.

So for this turn, we could:
- From Cordoba [11]: send all 11 spearman to Sevilha [9] (attack).
- From Toledo [8]: send 2 spearman, 1 knight to Cordoba [11] (reinforce). Travel time: 1 turn (1 slow/1 medium/1 fast). So they arrive next turn.
- Also, we might want to send from Badajoz to somewhere. Badajoz has 3s,1a,3k. We could send some to reinforce Cordoba? Badajoz to Cordoba: Badajoz [4] connected to [9] Sevilha, [11] Cordoba? Wait, road: [4] Badajoz connected to [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. Not directly to [11] Cordoba. To get to Cordoba from Badajoz, we'd have to go through Sevilha (enemy) or Toledo [8] (ours) and then to Cordoba. So not direct. So Badajoz is better for the western front.

We also have Madrid with many troops. We could send them to Salamanca or to Toledo/Cordoba. Let's see the travel times: Madrid to Salamanca: 1 turn. Madrid to Toledo: 1 turn (since Madrid [12] connected to [8] Toledo). Madrid to Cordoba: via Toledo? Madrid to Toledo 1 turn, Toledo to Cordoba 1 turn, so 2 turns. So we can send from Madrid to Toledo to reinforce Toledo, which then can go to Cordoba. Or we can send from Madrid directly to Cordoba? The road network: Madrid [12] connected to [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza. Not directly to Cordoba. So must go through Toledo.

So we have a lot of options.

Let's also consider the northern front. Salamanca has 5s,1a,5k. We could attack Coimbra or Porto. But as calculated, we don't have enough to win without losing everything. We could send from Madrid to Salamanca to reinforce. Madrid to Salamanca: 1 turn. So we could send, say, 10 spearman from Madrid to Salamanca now. They arrive next turn. Then next turn, Salamanca will have its own 5s,1a,5k plus the 10s from Madrid = 15s,1a,5k. Then we can attack Porto or Coimbra with a large force. But we need to decide which to attack. Coimbra is weaker. Let's plan to attack Coimbra next turn from Salamanca with a large force. But we also need to consider that the enemy might reinforce Coimbra this turn. They could send troops from Porto or Santarem. We can't prevent that.

What about the neutral Burgos? We could attack Burgos from Madrid this turn. Madrid has 11s,1a. As calculated, we can win but lose 10, leave 2. That's not great, but it gives us a village. If we take Burgos, we have 16. Then we need 2 more. We could then focus on Coimbra and Sevilha. But taking Burgos might alert the enemy? Burgos is neutral, so the enemy might not care, but it's close to Porto and Vigo. Actually, Burgos is connected to Vigo [10] (unknown) and Madrid. If we take Burgos, we might reveal Vigo. Vigo could be enemy or neutral. If it's enemy, we might face a new front. But it's also an opportunity to take another village.

Given the time, we need to make a decision. I think the most straightforward plan is:
- Attack Sevilha from Cordoba with all 11 spearman. (We'll likely win, lose 8, leave 3.)
- Send reinforcements from Toledo to Cordoba (2s,1k) to help defend Cordoba and eventually go to Sevilha.
- Send reinforcements from Madrid to Salamanca (some troops) to build up the northern front.
- Build troops in all villages to replenish.

But we need to specify exactly which troops to send where. We also have to consider that we have limited "available to send now" in each village. We shouldn't send troops that are already marching.

Let's list all available troops per village again, and decide what to send where.

Villages and available troops (not marching):
- [22] Barcelona: 1k
- [21] Tarragona: 1k
- [23] Girona: 1k
- [18] Castellon: 2s
- [17] Zaragoza: 4s
- [20] Huesca: 2s
- [16] Valencia: 1k
- [13] Teruel: 2s
- [12] Madrid: 11s, 1a
- [15] Murcia: 3s, 1k
- [7] Salamanca: 5s, 1a, 5k
- [8] Toledo: 2s, 1k
- [11] Cordoba: 11s
- [4] Badajoz: 3s, 1a, 3k

Also, we have marching troops that will arrive:
- to [12] Madrid: from [21] (2s,1a) in 1 turn, from [20] (3s,1a) in 1 turn, from [22] (4s,1a) in 2 turns, from [23] (2s,1a) in 2 turns.
- to [8] Toledo: from [18] (2s) in 1 turn.

We can also build more troops this turn. Let's decide on builds.

We want to build spearmen and archers primarily. Knights are expensive and we have many already. We should build in villages that have resources. Let's check each village's resources and what we can build:

- [22] Barcelona: wood 40, iron 60. Can build: 2 spearman (30w) or 1 knight (30w,30i) or 2 archer (40w,20i). Since it's far, we might build whatever and send later. Let's build 2 spearman (30w) and have 10w left. Or we could build 1 archer? Actually, we need archers for counter. But we have few archers overall. Let's build 1 archer (20w,10i) and 1 spearman (15w) = 35w, 10i, leaving 5w,50i. Or 2 archer (40w,20i) leaving 0w,40i. I think building archers is good because they are useful against spearman-heavy enemies. But we also need numbers. Let's build 2 archers? But we only have 40 wood, so 2 archers cost 40 wood. That uses all wood. Iron 60 -20 = 40 left. So we can build 2 archers. Or 1 archer and 1 spearman: 20+15=35 wood, 10 iron, leaving 5 wood, 50 iron. That might be more flexible. I'll build 1 archer and 1 spearman in Barcelona? But wait, we need to consider that we might want to send troops from Barcelona to the front. It takes many turns. So building expensive troops there might not be optimal because they take time to arrive and might be lost. Better to build cheap spearmen that can be replaced quickly. Let's build 2 spearman in Barcelona. That uses 30 wood, leaves 10 wood, 60 iron. We can build more next turn.

- [21] Tarragona: wood 40, iron 50. Similar. Build 2 spearman (30w) leaving 10w,50i. Or 1 archer (20w,10i) and 1 spearman (15w) = 35w,10i. I'll build 2 spearman.

- [23] Girona: wood 40, iron 70. Build 2 spearman (30w) leaving 10w,70i. Or 1 archer, 1 spearman. I'll build 2 spearman.

- [18] Castellon: wood 30, iron 70. Can build 2 spearman (30w) leaving 0w,70i. Or 1 archer (20w,10i) and 1 spearman? 35w not possible. So 2 spearman or 1 archer and 0 spearman? 1 archer costs 20w,10i, leaving 10w,60i. Then we could build next turn. But we have 2 spearman already available. Let's build 2 spearman.

- [17] Zaragoza: wood 40, iron 90. Build 2 spearman (30w) leaving 10w,90i. Or 1 archer, 1 spearman. I'll build 2 spearman.

- [20] Huesca: wood 40, iron 70. Build 2 spearman (30w) leaving 10w,70i.

- [16] Valencia: wood 30, iron 60. Build 2 spearman (30w) leaving 0w,60i. Or 1 archer (20w,10i) leaving 10w,50i. Since it has 1 knight available, maybe we want archers. Let's build 1 archer and 1 spearman? 20+15=35 >30. So can't. So either 2 spearman (30w) or 1 archer (20w,10i) with 10w left. I'll build 2 spearman.

- [13] Teruel: wood 30, iron 70. Build 2 spearman (30w) leaving 0w,70i.

- [12] Madrid: wood 40, iron 70. Can build 2 spearman (30w) or 1 archer (20w,10i) + 1 spearman (15w) = 35w,10i, leaving 5w,60i. Or 1 knight (30w,30i) leaving 10w,40i. Since Madrid is a major hub, we might want to build a mix. Let's build 2 spearman and 1 archer? 2s=30w, 1a=20w total 50w >40. So can't. We can build 1 archer (20w,10i) and 1 spearman (15w) = 35w,10i, leaving 5w,60i. That gives us some archers. Or we could build 2 spearman (30w) and have 10w left. I think building an archer is valuable. Let's build 1 archer and 1 spearman.

- [15] Murcia: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build anything this turn! It produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn, but currently has 0. So it will have resources next turn. We can't build now.

- [7] Salamanca: wood 30, iron 30. Can build 2 spearman (30w) leaving 0w,30i. Or 1 archer (20w,10i) leaving 10w,20i. Or 1 knight (30w,30i) leaving 0w,0i. Since we have 5s,1a,5k available, we might want to build more spearmen. Let's build 2 spearman.

- [8] Toledo: wood 30, iron 70. Build 2 spearman (30w) leaving 0w,70i. Or 1 archer (20w,10i) + 1 spearman? 35w >30. So 2 spearman or 1 archer. Let's build 2 spearman.

- [11] Cordoba: wood 30, iron 40. Build 2 spearman (30w) leaving 0w,40i. Or 1 archer (20w,10i) leaving 10w,30i. Since we are attacking with spearmen, we might want to build more spearmen. Let's build 2 spearman.

- [4] Badajoz: wood 30, iron 60. Build 2 spearman (30w) leaving 0w,60i. Or 1 archer (20w,10i) + 1 spearman? 35w >30. So 2 spearman or 1 archer. Let's build 2 spearman.

So we can build a lot of spearmen. That will increase our total troops. We also need to consider that some villages might reach cap? No, they are far below 300.

Now, movements. We need to decide where to send the available troops.

Our main attack: Sevilha from Cordoba. Send all 11 spearman from Cordoba to Sevilha.

Reinforcements: Send from Toledo to Cordoba: we have 2s,1k available. Send them to Cordoba to reinforce after the attack. Travel time: 1 turn. So they arrive next turn. Cordoba will then have those troops plus any we build there.

What about Madrid? We have 11s,1a available. We want to reinforce the northern front (Salamanca) or maybe attack Burgos. Let's think. If we attack Burgos from Madrid this turn, we send 11s,1a. We would win but lose 10, leave 2. That gives us Burgos (16 villages). Then we need 2 more. We could then attack Coimbra or Porto next turn. But if we send all from Madrid, Madrid will be empty. Madrid is our capital? Actually, Barcelona is our capital? The report says: "[22] Barcelona - YOUR CAPITAL". So Madrid is not the capital. But Madrid is a large village with 30 effective defense. If we leave it empty, it could be attacked? But it's interior, connected only to our villages and Burgos (neutral). If we take Burgos, it becomes ours, so Madrid's borders are all ours. So it's safe. But we might want to keep some troops in Madrid for defense. However, the enemy is far away. So we can probably empty Madrid for an attack.

But taking Burgos might not be the best use of troops if we can take an enemy village instead. Taking an enemy village reduces the enemy's count and gets us closer to eliminating them. If we take Sevilha, we have 16. Then we need 2 more. We could take Coimbra and Porto, or Faro and Santarem, etc.

Let's consider the enemy's likely moves. The enemy might attack our border villages. We should ensure our border villages have enough troops to defend. Salamanca, Cordoba, Badajoz are border villages. If we send all troops from Cordoba to attack, Cordoba will be empty. That's risky if the enemy attacks Cordoba from Sevilha before we take it. But we are attacking Sevilha, so the enemy's Sevilha garrison will be busy. They might also send reinforcements from other places to Sevilha. But if they send reinforcements to Sevilha, they might pass through Cordoba? No, Cordoba is ours, so they can't march through it. They would have to go around? Actually, the road network: Sevilha [9] is connected to Badajoz [4], Faro [5], Cordoba [11]. So if the enemy wants to reinforce Sevilha, they can come from Faro [5] or Badajoz [4] (which is ours, so they can't use it unless they attack it). So the only enemy route to Sevilha is from Faro. So if the enemy sends from Faro to Sevilha, they would march along the road. We might intercept? No, we can't intercept on the road unless we have armies on the road. But we can attack them if they march into our territory? Actually, if they march from Faro to Sevilha, that's entirely within enemy territory (Faro and Sevilha are both enemy). So they can reinforce without passing through our territory. So Sevilha could be reinforced by Faro. Similarly, Coimbra can be reinforced by Porto or Santarem.

So we need to expect that the enemy might send reinforcements to the villages we are attacking. That could make our attack harder. But we are attacking this turn; the enemy writes orders simultaneously, so they might send reinforcements to Sevilha this turn. Those reinforcements would arrive at the same time as our attack? Or maybe they would arrive and fight? The rules: "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there". If they are marching to Sevilha and we are marching to Sevilha from Cordoba, we might meet on the road? But we are both heading to Sevilha. The enemy from Faro to Sevilha is on the road between Faro and Sevilha. Our army from Cordoba to Sevilha is on the road between Cordoba and Sevilha. These are different roads? Let's check: Sevilha [9] connected to [4] Badajoz, [5] Faro, [11] Cordoba. So the road from Faro to Sevilha is one stretch, and from Cordoba to Sevilha is another. They meet at Sevilha. So we don't meet on the road; we both arrive at Sevilha. The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if the enemy sends reinforcements from Faro to Sevilha, they will arrive at Sevilha and fight the garrison? Actually, they are reinforcing, so they would join the garrison? The rule: "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." For the enemy, the same applies: if they send to an enemy village, it reinforces. So if the enemy sends from Faro to Sevilha, they arrive and reinforce Sevilha. Then when our army from Cordoba arrives, it fights the reinforced garrison. So our attack might be tougher.

But we can't predict the enemy's orders. We have to make our own plan.

Given the complexity, I'll focus on a plan that seems solid: attack Sevilha from Cordoba with all available spearmen, send reinforcements from Toledo to Cordoba, and send reinforcements from Madrid to Salamanca to prepare for a northern attack next turn. Also build in all possible villages.

But we also need to consider that we have troops in other villages that we could send to join the attack. For example, Murcia has 3s,1k. Murcia is connected to Cordoba [11] via [15]? Actually, Murcia [15] connected to [11] Cordoba and [16] Valencia. So Murcia to Cordoba: 1 turn (1 slow/1 medium/1 fast). So we could send from Murcia to Cordoba to join the attack? But if we send them to Cordoba, they would arrive next turn. If we send them to Sevilha directly? Murcia to Sevilha: Murcia [15] connected to [11] Cordoba, so to get to Sevilha, they'd have to go through Cordoba. So they would stop at Cordoba (since it's ours) and then need another turn to go to Sevilha. So they wouldn't arrive in time to fight this turn's battle at Sevilha (which happens next turn). Actually, if we send from Murcia to Sevilha, they would march to Cordoba (1 turn), arrive at Cordoba, and since Cordoba is ours, they stop there? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So if we order from Murcia to Sevilha, the first village on the path is Cordoba (ours), so they stop there? No, the rule says they stop at the first village that is NOT yours. So if Cordoba is ours, they don't stop there; they continue. So they would march through Cordoba and continue to Sevilha. But the travel time: Murcia to Cordoba is 1 turn, Cordoba to Sevilha is 1 turn, so total 2 turns. So they would arrive at Sevilha in 2 turns. That means they would arrive on Turn 13, while our attack from Cordoba arrives on Turn 12. So they would be a second wave. That could be useful. But we have to order them now. So we could send from Murcia to Sevilha with 3s,1k. They would arrive in 2 turns and could reinforce Sevilha after we capture it. That's a good idea.

Similarly, we have other interior villages that can send troops to the front. We can send them to attack enemy villages directly, but they take time. We can send them to our border villages to reinforce, then next turn attack.

Let's plan the movements for this turn:

1. Attack Sevilha from Cordoba: send 11 spearman from [11] to [9].
2. Send reinforcements from Toledo to Cordoba: send 2s,1k from [8] to [11] (arrive 1 turn).
3. Send reinforcements from Murcia to Sevilha: send 3s,1k from [15] to [9] (arrive 2 turns). This will reinforce Sevilha after capture.
4. Send reinforcements from Madrid to Salamanca: send, say, 8 spearman from [12] to [7] (arrive 1 turn). We have 11s,1a in Madrid. We can send 8s to Salamanca, keeping 3s,1a in Madrid for defense? Or send all 11s? Let's send 10 spearman from Madrid to Salamanca. Travel time: 1 turn. So they arrive next turn. Then Salamanca will have 5s,1a,5k + 10s = 15s,1a,5k. That's a strong force. We can then attack Coimbra or Porto from Salamanca next turn.
5. What about Badajoz? Badajoz has 3s,1a,3k. We could send them to attack Santarem or Faro, but they are weak. We could send them to reinforce Cordoba? But Cordoba will be empty after we send its troops. We could send from Badajoz to Cordoba: Badajoz to Cordoba is not direct; they'd have to go through Sevilha (enemy) or Toledo. So better to send from Badajoz to somewhere else. Maybe we can send from Badajoz to reinforce Sevilha? Badajoz to Sevilha is 1 turn. So we could send from Badajoz to Sevilha as well. But if we send from Badajoz to Sevilha, they would arrive in 1 turn and fight alongside the Cordoba attack? Actually, they would arrive at Sevilha in 1 turn, same as Cordoba? Cordoba to Sevilha is 1 turn (1 slow/1 medium/1 fast). Badajoz to Sevilha: not given, but likely 1 turn as well. So they could arrive on the same turn. But the rule says troops from different villages fight separately. So if we send from Cordoba (11s) and from Badajoz (3s,1a,3k), they would both arrive at Sevilha on the same turn and fight one after the other. The order might be arbitrary. If the Cordoba army fights first and wins, it conquers Sevilha, and then the Badajoz army arrives and finds it ours, so it reinforces. That's great. If the Cordoba army loses, the Badajoz army fights next. So sending a second army from Badajoz could be a good backup. But we need to consider that Badajoz is a border village; if we send all its troops, it will be empty. But Badajoz is connected to Santarem and Faro (enemy). If we leave it empty, the enemy could attack it. So we should leave some troops in Badajoz for defense. We have 3s,1a,3k there. We could send, say, 2s,1a to Sevilha, leaving 1s,3k for defense. Or we could send nothing from Badajoz and instead send reinforcements from elsewhere.

Let's think about Badajoz's situation. Badajoz is on the border with Santarem and Faro. The enemy could attack Badajoz from either side. We have 7 troops there (3s,1a,3k). Its effective defense is 18. If the enemy attacks, they might have a force that could defeat 7 troops. We should keep enough to defend. What is a safe garrison? It depends on the enemy's strength. We don't know. But we can assume the enemy might send a decent force. Since we are attacking Sevilha, the enemy might also attack Badajoz to open another front. We should be cautious.

Maybe we should send some troops from Madrid to Badajoz instead? Madrid to Badajoz: Madrid [12] connected to [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza. Not directly to Badajoz. To get to Badajoz from Madrid, we'd have to go through Toledo (1 turn) and then Toledo to Badajoz? Toledo [8] connected to [4] Badajoz. So Madrid to Toledo 1 turn, Toledo to Badajoz 1 turn? Actually, Toledo to Badajoz: not given, but likely 1 turn. So total 2 turns. That's slower. So reinforcing Badajoz from Madrid takes 2 turns. We could send from Cordoba to Badajoz? Cordoba to Badajoz: Cordoba [11] connected to [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia. Not directly to Badajoz. So must go through Toledo or Sevilha. So also 2 turns. So Badajoz is somewhat isolated from quick reinforcement. Its best defense is its own troops and maybe support from Sevilha if we take it. If we take Sevilha, Badajoz's border is reduced: it will only border Faro and Santarem? Actually, Badajoz [4] connected to [1] Santarem, [5] Faro, [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha. If we take Sevilha, then Badajoz borders our village Sevilha, so that side is safe. The enemy can still attack from Santarem and Faro. So we need to keep a garrison in Badajoz.

Given that, I'll leave most of Badajoz's troops in place, maybe send a few to Sevilha as a second wave? But if we send them to Sevilha, they would arrive in 1 turn and fight. If we want them to be a second wave after Cordoba, we could send them to Sevilha but with a longer travel time? No, travel time is fixed. If we send from Badajoz to Sevilha, they take 1 turn. So they arrive same time as Cordoba. To make them arrive later, we could send them to Cordoba first (1 turn), then next turn from Cordoba to Sevilha (another turn). But we can't order that now; we can only order one destination per army. So if we order from Badajoz to Sevilha, they go directly. So they would arrive in 1 turn. That could be fine: they fight after Cordoba's army if Cordoba's army is resolved first. But the order of resolution might be unpredictable. To be safe, we could just not send from Badajoz and rely on Cordoba's attack. If Cordoba's attack succeeds, we have Sevilha. Then Badajoz is safer. If Cordoba's attack fails, we might need the Badajoz troops elsewhere. But we can't know.

Let's check the forces for the Cordoba attack again. Cordoba sends 11 spearman. Sevilha garrison: 2s,1k, defense 8. Our attack: 11 spearman, attack 11. Enemy most numerous: spearman (2). Our most numerous: spearman (11). No counter. Effective attack 11 vs effective defense 8. We win. Loser's effective force = 8. So we lose 8 troops. We sent 11, so we have 3 left. Those 3 become the garrison of Sevilha. So we capture Sevilha with 3 spearman left. That's a thin garrison. The enemy could retake it next turn if they send troops. But we can send reinforcements from Cordoba (which we are doing from Toledo) and from Murcia (which we are sending to Sevilha directly). Also, we can build in Sevilha after we capture it? But Sevilha will have resources? The report doesn't show Sevilha's resources because it's enemy. When we capture it, we will see its resources. We can assume it produces resources. We can build troops there next turn.

So after capturing Sevilha, we will have 16 villages. We need 2 more. We can then attack Faro from Sevilha or Badajoz, or attack Coimbra/Porto from Salamanca.

Now, for the northern front: we send from Madrid to Salamanca. How many to send? Madrid has 11s,1a. We could send all 11s to Salamanca, leaving 1a in Madrid. But Madrid is a big village; we might want to keep some troops there for defense and to build up. However, Madrid is not directly threatened. We can send most. Let's send 10 spearman from Madrid to Salamanca. Keep 1 spearman and 1 archer in Madrid. Travel time: 1 turn. So next turn, Salamanca will have 5s,1a,5k + 10s = 15s,1a,5k. That's 21 troops. We can then attack Coimbra or Porto. Coimbra defense 5, Porto defense 8. With 15s,1a,5k, we can choose. If we attack Coimbra with, say, 12 spearman: attack 12 vs defense 5, win, lose 5, leave 7. That's a good garrison. If we attack Porto with 12 spearman: attack 12*1.5=18 (since spearman counts knight) vs 8, win, lose 8, leave 4. Also good. We can decide later.

We also have other interior villages that can send troops. We should send them to Madrid or directly to Salamanca to reinforce further. For example, Zaragoza [17] has 4s available. Zaragoza to Madrid: 1 turn? Not given, but likely 1 or 2. We could send from Zaragoza to Madrid, and then from Madrid to Salamanca next turn. Or send directly to Salamanca? Zaragoza to Salamanca: the report says for Zaragoza: "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So Zaragoza to Salamanca takes 2 turns for slow. So if we send from Zaragoza to Salamanca now, they arrive in 2 turns. That's okay. We can send them to reinforce Salamanca for the attack after next. Similarly, Huesca [20] has 2s, and to Salamanca: 3 slow/2 medium/2 fast turns? Actually, for Huesca: "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns". So 3 turns for slow. That's far. We might send them to Madrid instead, which is closer? Huesca to Madrid: not given, but Huesca [20] connected to [17] Zaragoza, [19] Pamplona, [23] Girona. To Madrid, they'd have to go through Zaragoza. So similar time. We can send them to Madrid to reinforce Madrid, and then Madrid can send to Salamanca. But since Madrid is a hub, we can just send them to Madrid.

Let's plan to send the interior troops to Madrid, and then from Madrid we can send them to the fronts as needed. But we can only order one movement per army per turn. So we can send from Zaragoza to Madrid now, and then next turn from Madrid to Salamanca. That's fine.

So for this turn, we can send:
- From Zaragoza [17]: 4s to Madrid [12] (arrive in ? turns). We need to know travel time. Not given, but likely 1 or 2. Let's assume 1 turn for simplicity? Actually, looking at the road network: Zaragoza [17] to Madrid [12] is a direct road. The report gives distances from each village to its nearest border village, but not between interior villages. We might need to estimate. Since Madrid to Salamanca is 1 turn, and Zaragoza to Salamanca is 2 turns, it's likely Zaragoza to Madrid is also 1 turn? Or maybe 2? We can't be sure. The rules say we see the road network, but travel times are only given for specific routes in the report. We might need to infer from the given times. For example, Madrid to Salamanca: 1 slow turn. Salamanca to Coimbra: 2 slow turns. So distance varies. Without exact times, we might risk sending troops and they take longer than expected. But the report does give travel times for some routes: for each village, it says "from here to your nearest border village [x]: ...". So we can use those as a reference. For Zaragoza, the nearest border village is Salamanca, and it takes 2 slow turns. So Zaragoza to Salamanca is 2 slow turns. Since Madrid is not a border village for Zaragoza (Salamanca is the border), the distance to Madrid might be similar or shorter. Actually, looking at the map: Zaragoza is connected to Madrid, Teruel, Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona. Madrid is to the southwest, Salamanca is to the west. It's plausible that Zaragoza to Madrid is 1 turn, and Madrid to Salamanca is 1 turn, making Zaragoza to Salamanca 2 turns, which matches. So we can assume Zaragoza to Madrid is 1 slow turn. Similarly, Huesca to Zaragoza is probably 1 turn, so Huesca to Madrid is 2 turns. But we don't need exact precision; we can just send them to Madrid and they will arrive in time.

To be safe, we can send troops from interior villages directly to the front lines if the travel time is acceptable. For example, we could send from Zaragoza directly to Salamanca (2 turns) instead of via Madrid. That saves a turn. But we need to know the travel time to order correctly? Actually, we just specify the destination; the game calculates the time. So we can send from Zaragoza to Salamanca directly. The report says it takes 2 slow turns. So if we send spearmen (slow) from Zaragoza to Salamanca, they will arrive in 2 turns. That's fine. They will arrive in time to join the attack on Coimbra/Porto after next? Let's see: if we attack Coimbra from Salamanca next turn (Turn 12), we would send from Salamanca on Turn 12, arriving Turn 13? Actually, if we send from Salamanca on Turn 12, travel time to Coimbra is 2 slow turns, so they arrive on Turn 14. So the Zaragoza troops arriving on Turn 13 (if sent now on Turn 11, 2 turns = Turn 13) would be there before the attack leaves? Actually, they would arrive at Salamanca on Turn 13. If we order the attack from Salamanca on Turn 12, the attack leaves on Turn 12 and arrives on Turn 14. So the Zaragoza troops arrive at Salamanca on Turn 13, after the attack has left. So they wouldn't join that attack. They could be used for a subsequent attack or for defense. So timing is important.

We need to plan the sequence of attacks. Let's outline the next few turns:

Turn 11 (now): 
- Build troops in many villages.
- Send Cordoba's 11s to Sevilha (arrive Turn 12, battle).
- Send Toledo's 2s,1k to Cordoba (arrive Turn 12).
- Send Madrid's 10s to Salamanca (arrive Turn 12).
- Send Murcia's 3s,1k to Sevilha (arrive Turn 13? Actually, Murcia to Sevilha: via Cordoba. Travel time: Murcia to Cordoba 1 turn, Cordoba to Sevilha 1 turn, total 2 turns? But the report says for Murcia: "from here to your nearest border village [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So Murcia to Cordoba is 1 turn. Then Cordoba to Sevilha is 1 turn. So total 2 turns for slow troops. So if we send from Murcia to Sevilha, they will take 2 turns, arriving Turn 13. That's after the Cordoba attack on Turn 12. So they will reinforce Sevilha after it's captured.
- Send Zaragoza's 4s to Salamanca? Or to Madrid? Let's send them to Salamanca to reinforce for the northern attack. Travel time: 2 slow turns, so arrive Turn 13.
- Send Huesca's 2s to Madrid? Or to Salamanca? Huesca to Salamanca is 3 slow turns (arrive Turn 14). Maybe send to Madrid (2 turns?) and then Madrid can forward them. But we can just send them to Madrid to build up Madrid's garrison. Madrid can then send them out later.
- Send Teruel's 2s to Cordoba? Teruel [13] connected to [8] Toledo, [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon. To Cordoba: via Toledo? Teruel to Toledo: not given, but likely 1 or 2 turns. Let's check: Teruel's nearest border village is Cordoba? The report says for Teruel: "from here to your nearest border village [11] Cordoba: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So Teruel to Cordoba is 2 slow turns. So we can send Teruel's 2s to Cordoba, arriving Turn 13. That reinforces Cordoba after we send its troops away.
- Send Valencia's 1k to somewhere? Valencia [16] connected to [13] Teruel, [15] Murcia, [18] Castellon. To Sevilha: via Murcia and Cordoba? That's 3 turns. To Salamanca: via Zaragoza? That's far. Maybe send to Madrid? Valencia to Madrid: not direct. Could send to Cordoba? Valencia to Cordoba: via Murcia? Valencia to Murcia: 1 turn? The report for Valencia: "from here to your nearest border village [11] Cordoba: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So Valencia to Cordoba is 2 slow turns. So we could send the knight from Valencia to Cordoba (arrive Turn 13). Knights are fast, but mixed with slow? Actually, if we send just a knight, it's fast, so it might take 1 turn? The travel time is per speed: "march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns". So if we send only a knight (fast), it takes the fast time. For Valencia to Cordoba, the report says: "2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns"? Wait, for Valencia, it says: "from here to your nearest border village [11] Cordoba: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So a knight would take 1 fast turn. So we could send the knight from Valencia to Cordoba and it arrives in 1 turn! That's great. So we can send Valencia's 1k to Cordoba (arrive Turn 12) to reinforce Cordoba after we send its troops? But we are sending Cordoba's troops to Sevilha. So Cordoba will be empty on Turn 12 when the attack leaves? Actually, the attack from Cordoba leaves on Turn 11 (our order) and arrives on Turn 12. The troops from Toledo and Valencia to Cordoba would leave on Turn 11 and arrive on Turn 12. So they would arrive at Cordoba on the same turn the attack from Cordoba arrives at Sevilha? That's fine; they just reinforce Cordoba. So Cordoba will have Toledo's 2s,1k and Valencia's 1k arriving on Turn 12, plus any we build there. So Cordoba's garrison will be replenished.

- What about Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Castellon? They have few troops. We can send them to Madrid or directly to fronts. But they are far. Let's send them to Madrid to build up the central reserve. For example, Barcelona's 1k: Barcelona to Madrid? Barcelona [22] connected to [21] Tarragona, [23] Girona. To Madrid: via Tarragona? Tarragona [21] connected to [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [22] Barcelona. So Barcelona to Tarragona 1 turn, Tarragona to Zaragoza 1 turn, Zaragoza to Madrid 1 turn? That's 3 turns. So it's slow. We might just keep them in their villages for now, or send them to a closer front? The northern front is closer to Barcelona? Actually, Barcelona is on the east coast. The enemy is in the west. So maybe we should send them to Madrid eventually. But for now, we can just build more troops there and leave them, since they are far from the action. We can send them in future turns.

We also have Badajoz. We could send some of Badajoz's troops to Sevilha as a second wave. Badajoz to Sevilha: 1 turn (likely). If we send, say, 2s,1a from Badajoz to Sevilha, they arrive Turn 12, same time as Cordoba's attack. They would fight after Cordoba's army? If Cordoba wins, Sevilha is taken, and then Badajoz's army arrives and finds it ours, so it reinforces. That's good. If Cordoba loses, Badajoz's army fights next. So it's a good backup. But we need to leave enough in Badajoz for defense. Badajoz has 3s,1a,3k. We could send 2s,1a to Sevilha, leaving 1s,3k (4 troops) for defense. That might be enough? Badajoz's effective defense with 1s,3k: let's calculate. 1 spearman (defense 2), 3 knights (defense 2 each) total defense = 2+6=8. Location bonus x1.25 = 10. So effective defense 10. That's lower than current 18. If the enemy attacks, they might overcome it. But we don't know the enemy's strength. We could also send reinforcements from Toledo to Badajoz? Toledo to Badajoz: 1 turn? Toledo [8] connected to [4] Badajoz. Travel time not given, but likely 1 turn. So we could send from Toledo to Badajoz instead of to Cordoba? But we already planned to send Toledo's troops to Cordoba. We could change that: send Toledo's 2s,1k to Badajoz to reinforce it. Then Badajoz would have its own 3s,1a,3k + 2s,1k = 5s,1a,4k = 10 troops, effective defense higher. And Cordoba would be empty, but we could send from elsewhere to Cordoba, like from Murcia or Teruel. But Cordoba is also a border village; if we leave it empty, the enemy could attack it from Sevilha? But we are attacking Sevilha, so if we take it, Cordoba is safe. If we fail, Cordoba might be attacked. So we need to balance.

Given the uncertainty, I'll stick with a plan that seems reasonable and we can adjust next turn based on results.

Let's finalize the moves for this turn:

Builds (we'll build in all villages that can, mostly spearman, some archers):
I'll list builds for each village that has resources. We need to specify quantity and type. We can build up to the cap (300) but we should be reasonable. We'll build 2 spearman in most villages, except where we want archers. Let's build:
- [22] Barcelona: 2 spearman (uses 30w, leaves 10w,60i)
- [21] Tarragona: 2 spearman (30w, leaves 10w,50i)
- [23] Girona: 2 spearman (30w, leaves 10w,70i)
- [18] Castellon: 2 spearman (30w, leaves 0w,70i)
- [17] Zaragoza: 2 spearman (30w, leaves 10w,90i) - we have 4s available, but we can build more.
- [20] Huesca: 2 spearman (30w, leaves 10w,70i)
- [16] Valencia: 2 spearman (30w, leaves 0w,60i)
- [13] Teruel: 2 spearman (30w, leaves 0w,70i)
- [12] Madrid: 1 archer and 1 spearman? Let's do 2 spearman (30w) and 1 archer? Can't afford. Let's do 1 archer (20w,10i) and 1 spearman (15w) = 35w,10i, leaves 5w,60i. So build 1 archer, 1 spearman.
- [15] Murcia: cannot build (0 resources).
- [7] Salamanca: 2 spearman (30w, leaves 0w,30i)
- [8] Toledo: 2 spearman (30w, leaves 0w,70i)
- [11] Cordoba: 2 spearman (30w, leaves 0w,40i)
- [4] Badajoz: 2 spearman (30w, leaves 0w,60i)

We also have [12] Madrid: we could build more, but wood is 40. So 2 spearman (30w) leaves 10w,70i. That's simpler. Let's just build 2 spearman in Madrid as well, to keep it consistent. We can always use spearmen. So Madrid: 2 spearman.

Now movements. Let's decide exactly which troops to send where. We need to specify the quantity of each troop type from each source.

Sources and available troops (after builds? Wait, builds happen this turn, so the newly built troops are available immediately? The rules: "Each troop type... ready in 1 turn." So if we order a build, the troops are ready at the end of the turn? Or at the beginning of the next turn? Typically, in such games, builds take effect at the start of the next turn, or they are available for movement in the same turn? The report says "ready in 1 turn", meaning they take 1 turn to build. So if we order a build now, they will be ready at the start of Turn 12? Or at the end of Turn 11? The phrasing: "spearman: costs 15 wood + 0 iron, ready in 1 turn." So if we order on Turn 11, they are ready on Turn 12. So they cannot be sent on Turn 11. The "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" in the report is the current troops that are already built and can be sent this turn. So the builds we order now will be available next turn. So for this turn's movements, we can only send the troops listed as "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW". So we cannot send the newly built troops this turn. That's important.

So for movements, we use the available troops listed in the report.

Let's list all available troops per village again, and we'll decide how many to send where.

- [22] Barcelona: 1k available. (We'll send it somewhere? Maybe to Madrid? Let's send to Madrid to reinforce. But travel time is long. We could just leave it for now. Let's not send it; we'll keep it in Barcelona for now. We can send it next turn.)
- [21] Tarragona: 1k available. Same, keep or send to Madrid? Let's keep.
- [23] Girona: 1k available. Keep.
- [18] Castellon: 2s available. Send to Madrid? Castellon to Madrid: Castellon [18] connected to [13] Teruel, [16] Valencia, [21] Tarragona. To Madrid: via Teruel? Teruel to Madrid: Teruel [13] connected to [8] Toledo, [12] Madrid? Actually, road: [13] Teruel connected to [8] Toledo, [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon. So Teruel to Madrid is not direct? Wait, [13] Teruel is connected to [8] Toledo and [12] Madrid? The road network says: [13] Teruel: [8], [16], [17], [18]. So it is connected to [8] Toledo, not directly to Madrid. So to get to Madrid from Castellon, you'd go Castellon -> Teruel -> Toledo -> Madrid? Or Castellon -> Valencia -> Murcia -> Cordoba -> Toledo -> Madrid? That's long. Actually, looking at the road network: [12] Madrid is connected to [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza. So to get to Madrid from the east, you'd go through Zaragoza or Toledo. Castellon is connected to Tarragona and Teruel. Tarragona is connected to Zaragoza. So Castellon -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> Madrid. That's 3 segments. Travel time might be 3 turns. So it's far. We might just keep the troops in Castellon for now, or send them to a closer front? The closest front might be the southern front via Valencia? Actually, Castellon to Cordoba: via Valencia and Murcia? That's also several turns. So these eastern villages are far from the enemy. We can just build there and leave them, and in future turns we can send them when we have a clearer plan. For now, I'll not send from the far eastern villages.

- [17] Zaragoza: 4s available. Send to Salamanca? Travel time: 2 slow turns. So they arrive Turn 13. Let's send all 4s to Salamanca [7].
- [20] Huesca: 2s available. Send to Zaragoza? Or to Salamanca? Huesca to Salamanca: 3 slow turns. Send to Zaragoza [17] (1 turn?) to reinforce Zaragoza, then Zaragoza can send them later. But we can just send them directly to Salamanca if we want to build up the front. Let's send Huesca's 2s to Madrid [12]? Huesca to Madrid: via Zaragoza. Huesca [20] connected to [17] Zaragoza, [19] Pamplona, [23] Girona. So Huesca -> Zaragoza -> Madrid. That's 2 turns? If Zaragoza to Madrid is 1 turn, then Huesca to Madrid is 2 turns. So we can send to Madrid. Let's send Huesca's 2s to Madrid.
- [16] Valencia: 1k available. Send to Cordoba? Valencia to Cordoba: 1 fast turn (since knight). So we can send the knight to Cordoba to reinforce after the attack. Let's send Valencia's 1k to Cordoba [11].
- [13] Teruel: 2s available. Send to Cordoba? Teruel to Cordoba: 2 slow turns. So they arrive Turn 13. Let's send to Cordoba [11].
- [12] Madrid: 11s, 1a available. Send to Salamanca: we want to reinforce Salamanca for the northern attack. Send 10s to Salamanca [7]. Keep 1s, 1a in Madrid. Travel time: 1 turn (all speeds). So they arrive Turn 12.
- [15] Murcia: 3s, 1k available. Send to Sevilha? Murcia to Sevilha: via Cordoba. Travel time: 2 slow turns (since spearman slow). So they arrive Turn 13. Send all 3s, 1k to Sevilha [9]. (Note: the knight is fast, but mixed with slow spearmen, the army moves at slow speed. So 2 turns.)
- [7] Salamanca: 5s, 1a, 5k available. We are not sending any from Salamanca this turn? We want to keep them to defend Salamanca and to attack next turn. But we could send some to attack Coimbra now? As discussed, we don't have enough to win without heavy losses. So we'll keep them in Salamanca. They will be reinforced by Madrid's 10s next turn. So Salamanca's garrison grows.
- [8] Toledo: 2s, 1k available. Send to Cordoba [11] to reinforce. Travel time: 1 turn (all speeds). So arrive Turn 12.
- [11] Cordoba: 11s available. Send to Sevilha [9] to attack. Travel time: 1 turn (all speeds). So arrive Turn 12.
- [4] Badajoz: 3s, 1a, 3k available. We could send some to Sevilha as backup. Let's send 2s, 1a to Sevilha [9]. Travel time: 1 turn (all speeds). So arrive Turn 12. Keep 1s, 3k in Badajoz for defense.

Now, we also have the army already marching from [18] to [8] Toledo (2s) arriving in 1 turn. That will add to Toledo's garrison.

We also have armies marching to Madrid: from [21] (2s,1a) in 1 turn, from [20] (3s,1a) in 1 turn, from [22] (4s,1a) in 2 turns, from [23] (2s,1a) in 2 turns. Those will arrive as scheduled.

Now, we need to write the plan and statement.

Plan: We are focusing on the southern front first. We attack Sevilha from Cordoba with all available spearmen. We send reinforcements from Toledo, Valencia, and Badajoz to support the attack and follow up. We also send reinforcements from Madrid to Salamanca to build up the northern front for a subsequent attack on Coimbra/Porto. We build in all villages to increase our troop production. Our goal is to capture Sevilha, then move on to Faro and the northern villages to reach 18 villages.

Statement: We launch a major offensive against Sevilha with Cordoba's full strength. Reinforcements from Toledo and Valencia rush to Cordoba to hold the line, while Badajoz sends a supporting force. In the north, we mass troops in Salamanca for the next push. All villages work to build more spearmen.

Let's double-check the travel times and ensure we are not sending troops that are already marching. The report says we have marching troops: 
- 2 spearmen: [18] -> [8], arrives in 1 turn. (This is from Castellon to Toledo? Actually, [18] is Castellon. So we have 2s from Castellon to Toledo. That was ordered last turn. We can't change it. So those 2s are not available in Castellon. Our available in Castellon is 2s, but we also have the marching ones? The report says for Castellon: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 2 spearman" and "already marching out (NOT available): 2 spearmen". So the 2s available are the ones at home; the 2s marching are separate. So we can still send the 2s available from Castellon if we want. But we decided not to send from Castellon. That's fine.

- 4 spearmen, 1 archer: [22] -> [12], arrives in 2 turns. (Barcelona to Madrid)
- 2 spearmen, 1 archer: [21] -> [12], arrives in 1 turn. (Tarragona to Madrid)
- 2 spearmen, 1 archer: [23] -> [12], arrives in 2 turns. (Girona to Madrid)
- 3 spearmen, 1 archer: [20] -> [12], arrives in 1 turn. (Huesca to Madrid)

So these are already on their way. We don't need to order them again.

Now, for our new movements, we need to ensure we don't send more than available. Let's verify each:

- Zaragoza [17]: available 4s. We send 4s to Salamanca. OK.
- Huesca [20]: available 2s. We send 2s to Madrid. OK.
- Valencia [16]: available 1k. We send 1k to Cordoba. OK.
- Teruel [13]: available 2s. We send 2s to Cordoba. OK.
- Madrid [12]: available 11s, 1a. We send 10s to Salamanca. OK. (Keep 1s, 1a)
- Murcia [15]: available 3s, 1k. We send all 3s, 1k to Sevilha. OK.
- Salamanca [7]: available 5s, 1a, 5k. We send none. OK.
- Toledo [8]: available 2s, 1k. We send all 2s, 1k to Cordoba. OK.
- Cordoba [11]: available 11s. We send all 11s to Sevilha. OK.
- Badajoz [4]: available 3s, 1a, 3k. We send 2s, 1a to Sevilha. OK. (Keep 1s, 3k)
- Barcelona [22]: available 1k. We send none. OK.
- Tarragona [21]: available 1k. We send none. OK.
- Girona [23]: available 1k. We send none. OK.
- Castellon [18]: available 2s. We send none. OK.

We also have [15] Murcia sending to Sevilha. But note: Murcia to Sevilha takes 2 turns. So they will arrive Turn 13. That's fine.

Now, we need to write the JSON. The fields are: build, movements, plan, statement.

Build: we need to list each village and what we build. We should only build if we have resources. Let's list the builds we decided:

- [22] Barcelona: build 2 spearman
- [21] Tarragona: build 2 spearman
- [23] Girona: build 2 spearman
- [18] Castellon: build 2 spearman
- [17] Zaragoza: build 2 spearman
- [20] Huesca: build 2 spearman
- [16] Valencia: build 2 spearman
- [13] Teruel: build 2 spearman
- [12] Madrid: build 2 spearman (or 1s,1a? Let's do 2 spearman for simplicity. We have 40 wood, so 2s = 30w, leaves 10w. We can build an archer next turn. So 2 spearman.)
- [7] Salamanca: build 2 spearman
- [8] Toledo: build 2 spearman
- [11] Cordoba: build 2 spearman
- [4] Badajoz: build 2 spearman
- [15] Murcia: no build (0 resources)
- [14] Burgos: not ours, can't build.
- etc.

We should also consider building in villages that have iron but no wood? All have wood except Murcia. So we can build spearman in all except Murcia. We might want to build archers in some villages to get counter bonuses. But we have plenty of spearman for now. Let's stick with spearman.

But note: some villages have iron but we might want to use it for knights later. For now, spearman are fine.

Let's write the build list as an array of objects with villageId, type, quantity.

For Madrid, we said 2 spearman. But we also have the option to build 1 archer and 1 spearman. I think 2 spearman is safe.

Now movements: we need to list each movement with fromId, toId, and troops (spearman, archer, knight counts). We must not send more than available.

Let's list all movements:

1. From [17] Zaragoza to [7] Salamanca: 4 spearman.
2. From [20] Huesca to [12] Madrid: 2 spearman.
3. From [16] Valencia to [11] Cordoba: 1 knight.
4. From [13] Teruel to [11] Cordoba: 2 spearman.
5. From [12] Madrid to [7] Salamanca: 10 spearman.
6. From [15] Murcia to [9] Sevilha: 3 spearman, 1 knight.
7. From [8] Toledo to [11] Cordoba: 2 spearman, 1 knight.
8. From [11] Cordoba to [9] Sevilha: 11 spearman.
9. From [4] Badajoz to [9] Sevilha: 2 spearman, 1 archer.

Check if any village is sending more than available:
- Zaragoza: available 4s, send 4s. OK.
- Huesca: available 2s, send 2s. OK.
- Valencia: available 1k, send 1k. OK.
- Teruel: available 2s, send 2s. OK.
- Madrid: available 11s,1a; send 10s. OK.
- Murcia: available 3s,1k; send 3s,1k. OK.
- Toledo: available 2s,1k; send 2s,1k. OK.
- Cordoba: available 11s; send 11s. OK.
- Badajoz: available 3s,1a,3k; send 2s,1a. OK.

All good.

Now, we need to write the plan and statement.

Plan: "Focus on southern front: attack Sevilha from Cordoba with 11 spearmen. Send reinforcements from Toledo, Valencia, and Badajza to support the assault and hold captured territory. In the north, transfer troops from Madrid to Salamanca to build up for an attack on Coimbra/Porto next turn. Build spearmen in all villages to replenish and grow our army. Aim to capture Sevilha, then Faro, then northern villages to reach 18 villages."

Statement: "King B launches a coordinated offensive! Cordoba's full strength strikes at Sevilha, while Toledo and Valencia rush to reinforce the line. Badajoz sends a supporting force. In the north, we mass troops in Salamanca for the next push. All villages work to build more spearmen. The enemy will not hold!"

We need to keep plan under 600 characters. Let's count: "Focus on southern front: attack Sevilha from Cordoba with 11 spearmen. Send reinforcements from Toledo, Valencia, and Badajza to support the assault and hold captured territory. In the north, transfer troops from Madrid to Salamanca to build up for an attack on Coimbra/Porto next turn. Build spearmen in all villages to replenish and grow our army. Aim to capture Sevilha, then Faro, then northern villages to reach 18 villages." That's about 500 characters. Good.

Statement: "King B launches a coordinated offensive! Cordoba's full strength strikes at Sevilha, while Toledo and Valencia rush to reinforce the line. Badajoz sends a supporting force. In the north, we mass troops in Salamanca for the next push. All villages work to build more spearmen. The enemy will not hold!" That's fine.

Now, format as JSON. We need to ensure the JSON is valid.

Let's construct the JSON object.

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 13, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 12, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 7, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 8, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 11, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 4, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 17, "toId": 7, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 20, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 16, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 13, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 12, "toId": 7, "troops": {"spearman": 10, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 15, "toId": 9, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 8, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 11, "toId": 9, "troops": {"spearman": 11, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 4, "toId": 9, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}}
  ],
  "plan": "Focus on southern front: attack Sevilha from Cordoba with 11 spearmen. Send reinforcements from Toledo, Valencia, and Badajoz to support the assault and hold captured territory. In the north, transfer troops from Madrid to Salamanca to build up for an attack on Coimbra/Porto next turn. Build spearmen in all villages to replenish and grow our army. Aim to capture Sevilha, then Faro, then northern villages to reach 18 villages.",
  "statement": "King B launches a coordinated offensive! Cordoba's full strength strikes at Sevilha, while Toledo and Valencia rush to reinforce the line. Badajoz sends a supporting force. In the north, we mass troops in Salamanca for the next push. All villages work to build more spearmen. The enemy will not hold!"
}

Check if we missed any builds: we have 13 builds. That's fine.

But note: we have [15] Murcia with 0 resources, so no build. [14] is neutral, not ours. [1], [2], [3], [5], [6], [9], [10] are enemy/neutral, not ours. So we only build in our villages.

We should also consider building in [12] Madrid: we said 2 spearman. But we also have the option to build an archer. I'll keep it as 2 spearman.

Now, let's review the movements: we are sending from [15] Murcia to [9] Sevilha with 3s,1k. But Murcia has 0 wood and 0 iron currently. It can't build this turn, but it can send its existing troops. That's fine.

We are sending from [4] Badajoz to [9] Sevilha with 2s,1a. Badajoz has those available.

One potential issue: we are sending from [12] Madrid to [7] Salamanca 10 spearman. But Madrid also has 1 archer available; we are not sending it. That's fine.

We are sending from [17] Zaragoza to [7] Salamanca 4 spearman. Zaragoza has 4s available. OK.

We are sending from [20] Huesca to [12] Madrid 2 spearman. OK.

We are sending from [16] Valencia to [11] Cordoba 1 knight. OK.

We are sending from [13] Teruel to [11] Cordoba 2 spearman. OK.

We are sending from [8] Toledo to [11] Cordoba 2s,1k. OK.

We are sending from [11] Cordoba to [9] Sevilha 11 spearman. OK.

Now, what about the army already marching from [18] to [8]? That's 2s from Castellon to Toledo, arriving in 1 turn. That will add to Toledo. We don't need to order it.

Also, we have armies marching to Madrid: from [21] (2s,1a) in 1 turn, from [20] (3s,1a) in 1 turn, etc. Those will arrive. Note that we are also sending from Huesca [20] to Madrid 2s. But Huesca already has an army marching to Madrid? The report says: "3 spearmen, 1 archer: [20] -> [12], arrives in 1 turn". So Huesca is already sending 3s,1a to Madrid. And we are now ordering an additional 2s from Huesca to Madrid. That means Huesca will have two armies marching to Madrid? The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." But here it's the same village sending two separate armies? The report says for Huesca: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 2 spearman" and "already marching out (NOT available): 3 spearmen, 1 archer". So the 3s,1a are already marching. We are now sending the 2s. So Huesca will have two armies on the road to Madrid. They will arrive at different times? The first one (3s,1a) arrives in 1 turn. The second one (2s) will also take some time. Since we are ordering now, they will leave on Turn 11 and arrive on Turn 12? Actually, the existing march was ordered last turn, so it left on Turn 10 and arrives on Turn 11? Wait, the report says "arrives in 1 turn" from the perspective of Turn 11. So the existing march from Huesca to Madrid (3s,1a) will arrive on Turn 12? Let's read: "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" lists events from Turn 10. Then "TURN 11" is the current state. The "ARMIES ON THE MARCH" section says: "YOURS: - 2 spearmen: [18] -> [8], arrives in 1 turn ... - 3 spearmen, 1 archer: [20] -> [12], arrives in 1 turn". So from the perspective of Turn 11, these armies will arrive in 1 turn, i.e., on Turn 12. So they were ordered on Turn 10 and take 1 turn, arriving on Turn 11? Actually, if they were ordered on Turn 10 and take 1 turn, they would arrive on Turn 11. But the report says "arrives in 1 turn" on Turn 11, meaning they arrive on Turn 12? This is confusing. Typically, "arrives in 1 turn" means next turn. So if it's Turn 11 now, they arrive on Turn 12. That means they were ordered on Turn 10 and take 1 turn? Or they were ordered on Turn 10 and take 2 turns? Let's look at the example: "Your reinforcement (2 spearmen) arrived at [17] Zaragoza" is listed under "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN". So that army arrived on Turn 10. It must have been ordered on Turn 9 and took 1 turn? Or ordered on Turn 8 and took 2 turns? The report gives travel times in turns. For example, "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns". So if you send slow troops, it takes 3 turns. So if you order on Turn 1, they arrive on Turn 4. So "arrives in 1 turn" means the travel time is 1 turn, so they arrive on the next turn. So on Turn 11, an army with "arrives in 1 turn" will arrive on Turn 12. That means it was ordered on Turn 10? Actually, if travel time is 1 turn, and it arrives on Turn 12, then it must have been ordered on Turn 11? But we are on Turn 11 now, and we haven't ordered it yet. The "ARMIES ON THE MARCH" section lists armies that were ordered in previous turns and are still marching. So they were ordered on Turn 10 or earlier. If they have "arrives in 1 turn" on Turn 11, they will arrive on Turn 12. So they have been marching for some number of turns already. For example, if a slow army takes 3 turns, and it has been marching for 2 turns, it has 1 turn left. So the "arrives in X turns" is the remaining time.

So the existing armies will arrive on Turn 12 (if 1 turn) or Turn 13 (if 2 turns). Our new orders will be executed on Turn 11, and the armies will start marching. Their travel time will be from the report. So they will arrive after that many turns from now.

So for Huesca, we have an existing army of 3s,1a to Madrid arriving Turn 12. We are now ordering 2s to Madrid. They will also take some time. The travel time from Huesca to Madrid is not given directly, but we can estimate. Since Huesca's nearest border village is Salamanca with 3 slow turns, and Madrid is closer? Actually, Huesca to Madrid: Huesca -> Zaragoza -> Madrid. If Zaragoza to Madrid is 1 turn, then Huesca to Madrid is 2 turns for slow. So our new 2s from Huesca will take 2 turns, arriving on Turn 13. That's fine; they will arrive later.

Now, we need to ensure that we are not overloading Huesca's resources? No, resources are per village, and we are just sending troops. Huesca has 2s available; we send them. The existing marching troops are already paid for? Actually, the cost of building is paid when they are built. Sending them doesn't cost resources; it just takes time. So it's fine.

One more check: we are sending from [15] Murcia to [9] Sevilha 3s,1k. Murcia has 0 resources, but it has those troops at home. That's fine.

Now, let's consider if we should send from [12] Madrid to [9] Sevilha instead of to Salamanca? Madrid to Sevilha: Madrid to Toledo (1 turn), Toledo to Cordoba (1 turn), Cordoba to Sevilha (1 turn) = 3 turns. That's slow. So better to send to Salamanca which is 1 turn, and we can attack from there later.

What about sending from [12] Madrid to [11] Cordoba? Madrid to Cordoba: via Toledo, 2 turns. That could reinforce Cordoba after we send its troops. But we already have Toledo and Valencia sending to Cordoba, which arrive in 1 turn. So Cordoba will be reinforced. Madrid sending there would take 2 turns, so they'd arrive Turn 13. That's also fine, but we want to build up Salamanca for the northern attack. So sending to Salamanca is better.

We also have the option to send from Madrid to Badajoz? Madrid to Badajoz: via Toledo, 2 turns. Badajoz is already sending troops away; we might want to reinforce it. But we left 1s,3k there. If we send from Madrid to Badajoz, they'd take 2 turns. That might be too slow if the enemy attacks Badajoz next turn. So we might want to send from somewhere closer. Toledo to Badajoz is 1 turn. We could send from Toledo to Badajoz instead of to Cordoba. But we already sent Toledo's troops to Cordoba. We could change that: send Toledo's 2s,1k to Badajoz to reinforce it, and let Cordoba be reinforced by Teruel and Valencia (which take 2 and 1 turns respectively). But Teruel takes 2 turns, so they wouldn't arrive until Turn 13. If the enemy attacks Cordoba on Turn 12, it might be empty. So we need to ensure Cordoba has some troops on Turn 12. Our attack from Cordoba leaves on Turn 11, so on Turn 12, Cordoba will have 0 troops at home? Actually, the troops leave on Turn 11 and are on the road. They are no longer at Cordoba. So Cordoba's garrison on Turn 12 will be 0, plus any reinforcements arriving on Turn 12. We have Toledo's 2s,1k arriving on Turn 12 (1 turn), and Valencia's 1k arriving on Turn 12 (1 fast turn). So Cordoba will have 3 troops on Turn 12. That's a thin defense, but Cordoba is not directly on the enemy border after we take Sevilha? Actually, Cordoba borders Sevilha. If we take Sevilha on Turn 12, then Cordoba borders our village, so it's safe. If we fail to take Sevilha, Cordoba might be attacked from Sevilha. So it's a risk. But we have the Badajoz troops that could be sent to Cordoba instead? Badajoz to Cordoba: not direct; would take 2 turns via Toledo or Sevilha. So they wouldn't arrive in time.

Given the uncertainty, I'll stick with the current plan. It seems aggressive but potentially rewarding.

Let's also consider the enemy capital Lisboa [0]. We don't know its garrison. It might be strong. But we don't need to take it to win. We just need 18 villages. So we can ignore it for now.

Now, write the final JSON. Ensure all IDs are numbers, types are strings, quantities are numbers.

I'll double-check the village IDs: 
- 22 Barcelona
- 21 Tarragona
- 23 Girona
- 18 Castellon
- 17 Zaragoza
- 20 Huesca
- 16 Valencia
- 13 Teruel
- 12 Madrid
- 7 Salamanca
- 8 Toledo
- 11 Cordoba
- 4 Badajoz
- 15 Murcia
- 9 Sevilha

All good.

Now, for the builds, we have 13 entries. We could also build in [15] Murcia if it had resources, but it doesn't.

Let's produce the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":17,"destinoId":7,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":20,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":16,"destinoId":11,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":13,"destinoId":11,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":12,"destinoId":7,"tropas":{"lanceiro":10,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":15,"destinoId":9,"tropas":{"lanceiro":3,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":8,"destinoId":11,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":11,"destinoId":9,"tropas":{"lanceiro":11,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":4,"destinoId":9,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":0}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [20]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [20]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [13]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [13]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [12]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [12]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [8]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [8]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO envio [17]->[7]: 4S
ACEITO envio [20]->[12]: 2S
ACEITO envio [16]->[11]: 1K
ACEITO envio [13]->[11]: 2S
ACEITO envio [12]->[7]: 10S
ACEITO envio [15]->[9]: 3S+1K
ACEITO envio [8]->[11]: 2S+1K
ACEITO envio [11]->[9]: 11S
ACEITO envio [4]->[9]: 2S+1A
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Focus on southern front: attack Sevilha from Cordoba with 11 spearmen. Send reinforcements from Toledo, Valencia, and Badajoz to support the assault and hold captured territory. In the north, transfer troops from Madrid to Salamanca to build up for an attack on Coimbra/Porto next turn. Build spearmen in all villages to replenish and grow our army. Aim to capture Sevilha, then Faro, then northern villages to reach 18 villages.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): King B launches a coordinated offensive! Cordoba's full strength strikes at Sevilha, while Toledo and Valencia rush to reinforce the line. Badajoz sends a supporting force. In the north, we mass troops in Salamanca for the next push. All villages work to build more spearmen. The enemy will not hold!
COMBATE [4] Badajoz: atacante A Fatk=3 (ef 3) Fdef=16 (ef 20) vant=0 -> vence defensor | baixas~1
COMBATE [4] Badajoz: atacante A Fatk=7 (ef 7) Fdef=16 (ef 20) vant=0 -> vence defensor | baixas~3
REFORCO [1] Santarem dono A: 1K
REFORCO [7] Salamanca dono A: 1K
REFORCO [5] Faro dono A: 1A
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 2S
REFORCO [4] Badajoz dono B: 1K
COMBATE [11] Cordoba: atacante B Fatk=14 (ef 14) Fdef=4 (ef 5) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~3
COMBATE [7] Salamanca: atacante B Fatk=37 (ef 37) Fdef=12 (ef 23) vant=-1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~11
COMBATE [15] Murcia: atacante B Fatk=12 (ef 18) Fdef=8 (ef 10) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~3
REFORCO [12] Madrid dono B: 9S+1A
REFORCO [8] Toledo dono B: 1K
COMBATE [14] Burgos: atacante B Fatk=2 (ef 3) Fdef=10 (ef 13) vant=1 -> vence defensor | baixas~1
placar: A 7 ald/tropas 17 | B 15 ald/tropas 24 | neutras 2 | transito 16 (A 2 | B 14)

########## TURNO 12 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3800 | resposta 23483 | raciocinio 19399 | finish stop | ms 255412
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 9, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 0, \"toId\": 1, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 1, \"toId\": 3, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 2, \"toId\": 5, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 3, \"toId\": 6, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 5, \"toId\": 9, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 5, \"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 6, \"toId\": 10, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"knight\": 2}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"I am reinforcing Sevilha with a large force from Faro to defend against the two enemy armies. I am attacking Vigo with a mixed force from Porto to gain a village, using a tie in troop counts to get the counter bonus. I am sending reinforcements from Lisbon to Santarem, Santarem to Coimbra, Coimbra to Porto, and Evora to Faro to maintain strong borders. I am building troops in all villages to increase my forces.\",\n  \"statement\": \"This turn, I strengthened Sevilha's defenses with a massive reinforcement from Faro, hoping to repel the enemy's double attack. I launched an attack on Vigo with a clever mix of spearman and knights to exploit the counter triangle. I also reinforced my other borders and built up my armies across my kingdom.\"\n}"
raciocinio: We are King A. We have 7 villages, need 18 to win (75% of 24). Currently hold 7. Enemy capital is Barcelona (unknown garrison). Enemy is King B, with villages: Badajoz, Salamanca, Cordoba, Toledo, Madrid, Teruel, Valencia, Zaragoza, Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona, Barcelona, Girona? Actually list of unexplored includes many, but known enemy: 4 Badajoz, 7 Salamanca, 11 Cordoba, 8 Toledo, 12 Madrid, 13 Teruel. Also enemy capital 22 Barcelona. Neutral: 10 Vigo, 15 Murcia. We have 7.

Our villages:
0 Lisboa: 2 spearman, def 6
1 Santarem: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight, def 20
2 Evora: 2 spearman, def 5
3 Coimbra: 4 spearman, def 10
5 Faro: 4 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight, def 23
6 Porto: 2 spearman, 3 knight, def 13
9 Sevilha: 2 spearman, 1 knight, def 8

Enemy visible:
4 Badajoz: 3 spearmen, 3 knights, def 15
7 Salamanca: 17 spearmen, 1 archer, 5 knights, def 58 (huge!)
11 Cordoba: 4 spearmen, 2 knights, def 15

Enemy armies marching:
- toward 7 Salamanca (arrives 1 turn)
- toward 11 Cordoba (arrives 1 turn)
- toward 9 Sevilha (two armies, arrive 1 turn)

Last turn: we attacked Sevilha and lost (defeat). Enemy reinforcements arrived at Salamanca and Cordoba.

We need to plan builds and movements. Resources: each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. We can build troops. Costs: spearman 15 wood, archer 20 wood+10 iron, knight 30 wood+30 iron. We need to check resources per village.

Let's compute resources available now (turn 12). The report gives wood and iron for each village. They are current stock, plus production per turn. We can build if we have enough. We can build multiple troops in a village as long as we have resources and under cap 300.

We need to decide builds and movements. The enemy is reinforcing Salamanca (def 58) and Cordoba (def 15). They have armies marching to Sevilha (two armies). Our Sevilha is border with 4 and 11. We have def 8, weak. They will attack Sevilha next turn? The enemy armies marching toward Sevilha arrive in 1 turn, so they will attack Sevilha. We need to reinforce Sevilha or evacuate? We can send troops to Sevilha to defend. Also, they have armies marching to Salamanca and Cordoba, maybe reinforcing those. Salamanca is near Coimbra and Porto. We need to watch Coimbra (def 10) and Porto (def 13). They might attack.

We should consider attacking neutral Vigo (10) to gain a village. Vigo has 4 knights, def 10. We can attack from Porto (6) which has 2 spearman, 3 knight. Porto to Vigo is 1 fast turn? Actually march from Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So knights can arrive in 1 turn. But we need to consider that Vigo is neutral, will harden every 5 turns. It's been stable for 5 turns, so it might have gained troops? Actually "neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type." Vigo has 4 knights, and it says stable for 5 turns, meaning it hasn't changed recently? But it could have gained troops if 5 turns passed. The report says "stable for 5 turns", maybe meaning no change. We'll assume 4 knights.

We can attack Vigo with Porto's knights and maybe spearman. But we need to consider that if we attack Vigo, we might lose troops if defense is high. Effective defense of Vigo is 10. Our attack power: if we send all from Porto: 2 spearman (attack 1 each) + 3 knight (attack 4 each) = 2*1 + 3*4 = 2+12=14 attack. Defense 10. We have counter? spearman vs knight? Actually counter triangle: spearman counters knight, archer counters spearman, knight counters archer. Our army: 2 spearman, 3 knight. Most numerous type: knight (3) vs knight? Vigo has 4 knights. Most numerous type both knight, so no counter bonus. Attack 14 vs defense 10. We win, but we take losses. The winner takes losses against loser's effective force. Loser's effective force: defense 10, but we need to compute effective force for defense? Actually combat: attacker counts ATTACK, defender counts DEFENSE. Effective defense already includes location bonus. For attack, we use attack values. Then compare. If attacker higher, wins. Then attrition: winner takes losses equal to loser's effective force? The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So we need to know loser's effective force. For defender, effective force is based on their attack? Actually "effective force" is computed from the battle. The report says "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins." Effective force is probably attack * number, with counter bonus. But for defender, they use defense? Wait: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs." So attacker's effective force = sum of attack values * (1.5 if counter). Defender's effective force = sum of defense values * (1.25 or 1.5 location bonus, but that's already in effective defense). Then compare. If attacker wins, attacker takes losses equal to defender's effective force? Or maybe loser's effective force divided by something? The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." It might mean the winner suffers casualties equal to the loser's effective force (maybe rounded). But we need to be careful. In previous turns, we attacked and lost. We need to estimate.

Alternatively, we could reinforce our villages to defend against enemy attacks. The enemy is massing near Sevilha. They have two armies marching to Sevilha. They will attack Sevilha next turn. We need to send reinforcements to Sevilha from nearby villages. Sevilha is connected to Faro (5) and Cordoba (11) and Badajoz (4). Faro is ours, has troops. We can send from Faro to Sevilha: march from Faro to Sevilha is 1 slow/medium/fast? Actually road: [5] Faro: [2], [4], [9]. So Faro to Sevilha (9) is direct? Yes, [5] to [9] is a road. So 1 turn for fast. We can send troops from Faro to Sevilha. Also from Lisboa (0) to Evora (2) to Faro (5) to Sevilha? That's longer. Better to send from Faro.

Faro has 4 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight. We can send some to Sevilha. But we also need to consider that Sevilha is under attack by two enemy armies. They might have large forces. We need to defend effectively. Sevilha's effective defense is 8, which is low. We need to send troops to increase defense. But note: when defending, the defender counts defense x1.25 in village, x1.5 in castle. Sevilha is a village? It says "effective defense (location bonus included): 8". So it's a village. The troops we send will join the garrison and add to defense? Actually the garrison troops defend using their defense values. The effective defense number already includes the location bonus for the current troops. When we send reinforcements, they add to the garrison, and the effective defense will be recalculated. We need to send enough to survive the attack.

We don't know the size of the enemy armies marching to Sevilha. They are two armies. They could be large. Last turn we attacked Sevilha and lost. The enemy might have built up. We need to see if we can hold. Alternatively, we could abandon Sevilha and retake later? But we need to hold villages to win. Losing Sevilha would reduce our count to 6. We need to expand.

Maybe we should attack Vigo to gain a village. Vigo is neutral, def 10. We can attack from Porto. Porto has 2 spearman, 3 knight. We can also send from Coimbra? Coimbra to Porto is road? [3] Coimbra: [1], [6], [7]. So Coimbra to Porto is direct? [3] to [6] is road. So we could send from Coimbra to Porto to reinforce, then attack Vigo. But that takes time.

We need to decide on builds. We have resources. Let's check each village's resources and what we can build.

Village 0 Lisboa: wood 30, iron 60. Can build: spearman (15 wood) -> 2 max (30 wood), but iron 60, so can also build archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or knight (30 wood, 30 iron). We have 2 spearman at home. We can build more. Cap 300, currently 2. We can build up to 298. But resources limit. Let's see: wood 30 allows 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood) or 1 knight (30 wood). Iron 60 allows 6 archer or 2 knight. So we can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving wood 0, iron 30. Or 2 spearman (30 wood) leaving wood 0, iron 60. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving wood 10, iron 50. We want to build what's useful. We need to consider our strategy. We need to hold 18 villages. We have 7, need 11 more. We need to conquer enemy or neutral villages. The enemy has many villages. We need to attack and win. We have been attacking Badajoz (4) and Salamanca (7) but with limited success. Badajoz def 15, we attacked 7x, 1 conquered? Actually "you attacked here 7x in the last 8 turns (1 conquered)" means we attacked Badajoz 7 times and conquered it once? But it's still enemy, so we lost it again. Salamanca def 58, we attacked 1x, 1 conquered? That seems odd. Maybe we conquered it once but then lost. Anyway.

We need to focus on weaker targets. Vigo is neutral, def 10, 4 knights. We can take it. Also, we can attack Cordoba (11) def 15, or Badajoz (4) def 15. But they are reinforced. We need to build a strong army.

Let's think about counter. Knights are strong but expensive. Spearman cheap. We have many spearman. We can build archers to counter spearman? Actually archer counters spearman. But we need to see enemy compositions. Enemy at Badajoz: 3 spearmen, 3 knights. Salamanca: 17 spearmen, 1 archer, 5 knights. Cordoba: 4 spearmen, 2 knights. So enemy has many spearmen and knights. Our spearman counter knights? Spearman counters knight (1.5x). So if we have many spearman, they counter knights. But enemy also has knights that counter our archers? Knight counters archer. So we need to be careful.

We can build archers to counter enemy spearmen? Archer counters spearman. But enemy has many spearmen at Salamanca. If we attack Salamanca, we need archers. But Salamanca def 58 is huge. We should avoid attacking Salamanca directly now. Maybe we should attack weaker villages like Cordoba (def 15) or Badajoz (def 15). Or take Vigo.

Let's plan: We will send troops from Porto to attack Vigo. Porto has 2 spearman, 3 knight. We can also send from Coimbra to Porto to reinforce, then attack Vigo. But Coimbra to Porto is 1 turn? Coimbra (3) to Porto (6): road [3] to [6]. March distance: from Coimbra to Porto: we need to know travel time. The report gives march distances from your nearest border village for each enemy village, but not between our own villages. However, we can infer from road network. [3] Coimbra is connected to [1] Santarem, [6] Porto, [7] Salamanca. So Coimbra to Porto is direct. What is the travel time? It depends on speed. We don't have the exact turns, but we can estimate. Usually, adjacent villages are 1 turn for fast, maybe 2 for slow. We need to check the report for march times from our villages to enemy. For example, from [5] Faro to [4] Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. So adjacent is 1 turn for all speeds? Actually it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns", meaning 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast. So adjacent villages are 1 turn regardless of speed? That seems odd because slow troops should take longer. But maybe the distance is 1 unit, so slow takes 1 turn, medium 1, fast 1. So all troops take 1 turn to move between adjacent villages. Then from [6] Porto to [10] Vigo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. So Vigo is adjacent to Porto. So we can send troops from Porto to Vigo and they arrive next turn (if fast) or same turn? Actually "march from [6] Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means it takes 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast. So all take 1 turn. So if we send knights (fast) from Porto to Vigo, they arrive next turn. But if we send spearman (slow), also 1 turn? That seems inconsistent with usual slow taking longer. But the report says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns", meaning the number of turns for each speed type. So for this distance, all take 1 turn. So we can send any troops and they arrive next turn.

But wait: "march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns" means it takes 5 turns for slow, 3 for medium, 2 for fast. So for short distances, slow might take same as fast. So we can send from Porto to Vigo and they arrive next turn.

So we can attack Vigo this turn by sending troops from Porto. We need to decide how many to send. We want to conquer Vigo. Vigo def 10, garrison 4 knights. Our attack from Porto: 2 spearman (attack 1 each), 3 knight (attack 4 each). Total attack = 2*1 + 3*4 = 14. Defense = 10. We win. But we take losses. How many losses? The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." Loser's effective force: Vigo's troops are 4 knights. Their defense is 2 each, but effective defense includes location bonus. The effective defense given is 10. That is the defender's effective force? Actually effective defense is the defender's effective force. So loser's effective force = 10. So we take losses equal to 10? That would wipe out our entire attack force (14 attack, but we lose 10 troops? How to compute troop losses? Probably we lose troops based on the enemy's effective force. It might be that we lose a number of troops equal to the enemy's effective force divided by something? The rule says "attrition against the loser's effective force". It might mean the winner suffers casualties equal to the loser's effective force, but distributed among the winner's troops. In many games, the winner loses a percentage. We need to interpret. Since we don't have exact formula, we should be cautious. If we send all 5 troops, we might lose them all or most. But if we win, we conquer Vigo, and our surviving troops become the garrison. We need to have enough to hold.

Alternatively, we could send only a few to test? But we need to conquer. Let's think: if we send 3 knights (attack 12) and 2 spearman (attack 2) total 14. Defense 10. We win. But we take losses. If we lose troops, we might not have enough to hold. But Vigo will then have our troops. We can also send reinforcements from other villages after conquest.

Maybe we should send a balanced force. But we need to consider that the enemy is attacking Sevilha. If we send all of Porto to Vigo, Porto will be empty. But Porto is border with Salamanca (7) and Vigo (10). If we leave Porto empty, enemy could attack Porto? But enemy is massing near Sevilha, they might not attack Porto. However, enemy has an army marching toward Salamanca (arrives 1 turn), and toward Cordoba. They might also attack Coimbra or Porto. We need to defend our borders.

Let's assess the enemy's next move. They have armies marching to Salamanca, Cordoba, and two to Sevilha. They will arrive next turn. So next turn, those armies will engage. The two armies marching to Sevilha will attack Sevilha. The army marching to Salamanca will reinforce Salamanca or attack? It says "marching toward [7] Salamanca, arrives in 1 turn". That could be an attack on Salamanca? But Salamanca is their own village, so maybe it's a reinforcement. Similarly, Cordoba is their own. So they are reinforcing those. The two armies marching to Sevilha are likely attacking Sevilha (since it's ours). So next turn, Sevilha will be attacked by two enemy armies. We need to defend Sevilha.

We can send reinforcements to Sevilha from Faro (5) and maybe from Evora (2) or Lisboa (0). Faro to Sevilha is 1 turn (adjacent). So we can send troops from Faro to Sevilha. Faro has 4 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight. We can send some or all. But if we send all, Faro is empty, and enemy could attack Faro? Faro is border with Badajoz (4) and Sevilha (9). Badajoz is enemy, they might attack Faro. But they don't have armies marching there currently. We need to balance.

Also, we need to consider building troops. We can build in our villages to increase forces. Let's decide on builds for this turn.

We have resources. We should build troops that are effective. We need to consider what we can afford. Let's list each village's resources and possible builds.

Village 0 Lisboa: wood 30, iron 60. Currently 2 spearman. Can build: 2 spearman (30 wood) -> would give 4 spearman. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 1 knight. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 1 archer. We need to decide. Lisboa is interior, safe. We can build troops to send to borders. We might want to build knights for attack power. But knights cost 30 iron. We have iron 60, so we can build 2 knights if we had wood, but wood only 30, so 1 knight. Or we can build spearman and archers. Let's see overall iron income: each village produces 20 iron per turn. Our villages: 7 * 20 = 140 iron per turn. We have iron stocks: Lisboa 60, Santarem 50, Evora 70, Coimbra 60, Faro 50, Porto 40, Sevilha 60. Total iron = 60+50+70+60+50+40+60 = 390. Wood total: 30+30+40+40+30+30+40 = 240. So we have decent resources.

We need to build an army to attack. We should focus on building knights and archers for attack, but spearman are cheap and good against knights. Since enemy has many knights (Badajoz 3, Salamanca 5, Cordoba 2), spearman counter them. So we want spearman. But we also need to counter enemy spearman (Salamanca has 17). To counter spearman, we need archers. So a mix might be good.

Let's think about the attack on Vigo. Vigo has 4 knights. If we attack with spearman, they counter knights, so our spearman would be effective. But we need enough to beat the knights. Vigo's knights have defense 2 each, but effective defense 10. If we attack with spearman (attack 1, counter vs knight gives 1.5, so effective attack 1.5 per spearman). To beat defense 10, we need about 7 spearman (7*1.5=10.5). But we also have knights that don't counter. We can send from Porto: 2 spearman, 3 knight. If we send all, attack = 2*1.5 (counter) + 3*4 (knights vs knights? Knight vs knight: no counter, so attack 4 each) = 3 + 12 = 15. Defense 10. We win. But we take losses. If we send only spearman, we need more. We can also send from Coimbra to Porto to reinforce, then to Vigo. But that takes two turns: Coimbra to Porto (1 turn), then Porto to Vigo (1 turn). So they wouldn't arrive in time for this turn's attack. We could send from Coimbra directly to Vigo? Road: Coimbra (3) to Porto (6) to Vigo (10). So Coimbra to Vigo is 2 turns (via Porto). So not for this turn.

We can also send from Porto to Vigo, and then next turn send more. But we need to decide this turn's orders.

Maybe we should not attack Vigo yet. Instead, we should defend Sevilha and build up forces. The enemy is attacking Sevilha. If we lose Sevilha, we drop to 6 villages. We need to hold Sevilha. We can send reinforcements from Faro and maybe from Evora/Lisboa. Let's calculate the enemy's attack on Sevilha. We don't know the size of the two enemy armies. They could be large. Last turn we attacked Sevilha and lost. The enemy might have built up. We need to send enough to defend. Sevilha's current garrison: 2 spearman, 1 knight, def 8. We can send from Faro: 4 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight. If we send all, the garrison becomes 6 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight. Effective defense would be: spearman defense 2, archer defense 2, knight defense 2. Location bonus 1.25. So total defense = (6*2 + 4*2 + 2*2) * 1.25 = (12+8+4)*1.25 = 24*1.25 = 30. That's much better. But we need to know the enemy's attack power. They have two armies. We don't know their composition. They might have many troops. We need to see if we can win. If we send all from Faro, we leave Faro empty. But Faro is border with Badajoz. If Badajoz attacks Faro, we lose it. But we haven't seen enemy movement toward Faro. The enemy armies are marching to Sevilha, Salamanca, Cordoba. So they are not attacking Faro this turn. So we can safely send from Faro to Sevilha.

We can also send from Evora (2) to Faro (5) to reinforce Faro, but that takes 1 turn. Or from Lisboa to Evora to Faro. But we can send directly from Faro to Sevilha.

What about Coimbra and Porto? They are border with Salamanca (7) and Vigo (10). Salamanca is getting reinforced (10 spearmen arrived last turn, plus 1 knight? Actually last turn: reinforcement of King B (1 knight) arrived at Cordoba, (10 spearmen) at Salamanca, (2 spearmen, 1 knight) at Cordoba. So Salamanca now has 17 spearmen, 1 archer, 5 knights, def 58. That's huge. They might attack Coimbra or Porto next. We need to defend Coimbra (def 10) and Porto (def 13). We can send reinforcements from our interior villages to Coimbra and Porto. For example, from Lisboa to Santarem to Coimbra? Road: Lisboa (0) to Santarem (1) to Coimbra (3). That's 2 turns. Or from Evora to Faro to Sevilha? Not to Coimbra. Coimbra is connected to Santarem and Porto and Salamanca. So we can send from Santarem to Coimbra (1 turn). Santarem has 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. We can send some to Coimbra. Also, we can send from Porto to Coimbra? Porto to Coimbra is 1 turn (adjacent). But we might want to keep Porto's troops for Vigo or defense.

Let's think about our overall strategy. We need 18 villages. We have 7. The enemy has about 12 villages (including capital). We need to conquer 11 more. That's a lot. We need to expand. We can take neutral Vigo (10) and Murcia (15) maybe. Murcia is neutral, last seen 4 knights, def? Not given, but last seen 2 turns ago: 4 knights. It's connected to Cordoba (11) and Valencia (16). It's far. We can also attack enemy villages like Cordoba (def 15) or Badajoz (def 15). But they are reinforced. We need to build a strong army.

We should focus on one target at a time. Vigo is close and neutral, taking it gives us a village and reduces neutrals. We can attack Vigo with Porto's troops. But we need to consider losses. If we send all 5 from Porto, we might lose some, but we'll still have 2 spearman and 3 knight minus losses. If we win, Vigo becomes ours, and we can send reinforcements later. But we also need to defend our other borders.

Maybe we can send a portion of Porto's troops to Vigo, keeping some for defense. For example, send 2 knight and 1 spearman? Attack: 2*4 + 1*1.5 (counter) = 8+1.5=9.5 vs defense 10. Not enough. We need at least 10 attack. With 3 knight (12 attack) and 0 spearman, attack 12 vs 10, win. But knights vs knights no counter. So 3 knight attack 12, defense 10, win. Losses? We'd lose some knights. If we send 3 knight from Porto, we have 2 spearman left in Porto. That might be okay. But we need to see if we can afford the knight losses. Knights cost 30 wood, 30 iron. Losing them is costly. But we can rebuild.

Alternatively, we can send from Porto to Vigo, and also from Coimbra to Porto to reinforce Porto after? But Coimbra to Porto takes 1 turn, so they'd arrive next turn, while the attack on Vigo happens this turn? Actually orders are simultaneous. We send from Porto to Vigo this turn. They march and arrive next turn? Wait: "march from [6] Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means it takes 1 turn to march. So if we order the march now, they will arrive at the end of this turn? Or at the beginning of next turn? The turn structure: we write orders, then simultaneous execution. The report says "march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns". That means the march takes that many turns to complete. So if we send troops now, they will arrive after that many turns. So if we send from Porto to Vigo (1 turn), they will arrive at the end of this turn? Or during next turn? Typically, in these games, when you send troops, they arrive at the beginning of the next turn after the travel time. So if travel time is 1 turn, they arrive at the start of the next turn (turn 13). But the combat happens when they meet. The enemy also moves simultaneously. So if we send troops to attack Vigo, they will march and arrive next turn, and then fight Vigo's garrison. Vigo's garrison is stationary. So the battle will occur on turn 13. Meanwhile, the enemy armies marching to Sevilha arrive in 1 turn, so they will also arrive on turn 13 and attack Sevilha. So on turn 13, we will have battles at Vigo and Sevilha. We need to set up our forces now.

So we need to decide which troops to send where. We can send from Porto to Vigo, and from Faro to Sevilha, and maybe from Santarem to Coimbra, etc. All movements take time. We need to consider that troops sent from Faro to Sevilha (1 turn) will arrive turn 13, just in time for the enemy attack. So that's good.

We also need to build troops this turn. They will be ready at home, available to send next turn? "ready in 1 turn" means if we order build now, they will be available at the start of next turn? Or at the end of this turn? Usually, "ready in 1 turn" means they are built by next turn. So we can build now and have them available for movements next turn. So we can build troops and then send them next turn. But we can also send existing troops now.

Let's plan for turn 12 orders:

Builds: We should build troops to increase our forces. We need to decide which villages to build what. We have many spearman already. We might want to build archers and knights for attack. Let's check resources and needs.

We want to reinforce Sevilha for defense. Sevilha currently has 2 spearman, 1 knight. We can send from Faro. Faro has 4 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight. We can send all of them to Sevilha? But then Faro is empty. Is that safe? Faro is border with Badajoz (4). Badajoz has 3 spearmen, 3 knights. They could attack Faro, but they are not currently marching there. However, the enemy might have other armies. We haven't seen any marching to Faro. But we should keep some defense in Faro. We can send, say, 2 spearman and 2 archer from Faro to Sevilha, keeping 2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight? Actually Faro has 4 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight. If we send 2 spearman, 2 archer, we leave 2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. That's a decent defense. But we need to consider that the enemy attack on Sevilha might be strong. We need to maximize defense. Maybe we should send all from Faro except a few? But if we send all, Faro's defense becomes 0? Actually if we send all troops, the village still has its buildings? The garrison would be empty. The effective defense would be just the location bonus? The location bonus is a multiplier on the troops' defense. If no troops, defense is 0. So Faro would be vulnerable. But if the enemy doesn't attack, it's okay. We can reinforce later.

Let's check the enemy's known armies: two marching to Sevilca, one to Salamanca, one to Cordoba. None to Faro or Badajoz. So Faro might be safe this turn. But the enemy could have unobserved armies. We only see what their villages and armies reach. They might have armies near Faro. But we haven't seen them. We should be cautious.

We can also send from Evora (2) to Faro (5) to reinforce Faro. Evora has 2 spearman. We can send them to Faro. That would give Faro 2 spearman if we keep the others. But Evora to Faro is 1 turn. So if we send from Evora now, they arrive turn 13. Meanwhile, we send from Faro to Sevilha. So Faro would receive 2 spearman from Evora, but we might have sent some away. We need to balance.

Let's think about the attack on Vigo. We can send from Porto to Vigo. Porto has 2 spearman, 3 knight. We can send, say, 3 knight to Vigo. Attack 12 vs 10, win. We keep 2 spearman in Porto. That seems good. But we might lose knights. Alternatively, we can send 2 spearman and 3 knight (all). Attack 14, win, but we might lose more. We need to consider that after winning, our surviving troops become the garrison of Vigo. So if we send all, and we lose some, the survivors will be fewer. But we want to have a strong garrison to hold Vigo. We can send reinforcements later.

We also need to consider Coimbra. Coimbra has 4 spearman, def 10. It's border with Salamanca (def 58). If Salamanca attacks Coimbra, we need defense. We can send reinforcements from Santarem to Coimbra. Santarem has 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. We can send some to Coimbra. For example, send 2 spearman and 1 archer from Santarem to Coimbra. That would increase Coimbra's defense.

We also need to consider Lisbon and Evora. They are interior, safe. We can build troops there and send them out.

Let's decide on a plan:

Goal: Hold Sevilha, take Vigo, reinforce Coimbra, and build up.

Orders:

Builds:
- Lisbon (0): build 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). We have wood 30, iron 60. So we can build 1 knight. This gives us a knight to send later.
- Santarem (1): build? We have wood 30, iron 50. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). We might want to build spearman to reinforce borders. Let's build 2 spearman. That uses 30 wood, leaves iron 50. So Santarem will have 4+2=6 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight after build? Actually current at home: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. If we build 2 spearman, we get 6 spearman. But we need to check cap: 300, currently 8, so fine.
- Evora (2): wood 40, iron 70. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 2 spearman. Uses 30 wood, leaves wood 10, iron 70. So Evora will have 2+2=4 spearman.
- Coimbra (3): wood 40, iron 60. Build 2 spearman? Uses 30 wood, leaves 10 wood, iron 60. Coimbra currently 4 spearman, becomes 6.
- Faro (5): wood 30, iron 50. Build 2 spearman (30 wood) -> becomes 6 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight. Or build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> becomes 4 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight. We need to decide. Since we might send troops from Faro, we might want to build what we send. If we send spearman and archer, we can build more of those. Let's build 2 spearman.
- Porto (6): wood 30, iron 40. Build 2 spearman (30 wood) -> becomes 4 spearman, 3 knight. Or build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> becomes 2 spearman, 4 knight. Since we are sending knights to Vigo, we might want to replace them. Let's build 1 knight to replenish. But we have iron 40, wood 30. 1 knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron, leaving wood 0, iron 10. So Porto will have 2 spearman, 4 knight (after build, before sending). That's good.
- Sevilha (9): wood 40, iron 60. Build? We might want to build troops to defend. But we are receiving reinforcements. We can build 2 spearman (30 wood) -> becomes 4 spearman, 1 knight. Or build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> becomes 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Let's build 2 spearman to increase defense.

So builds:
0: 1 knight
1: 2 spearman
2: 2 spearman
3: 2 spearman
5: 2 spearman
6: 1 knight
9: 2 spearman

Check resources: 
0: wood 30 -30 =0, iron 60 -30 =30. OK.
1: wood 30 -30 =0, iron 50 -0 =50. OK.
2: wood 40 -30 =10, iron 70 -0 =70. OK.
3: wood 40 -30 =10, iron 60 -0 =60. OK.
5: wood 30 -30 =0, iron 50 -0 =50. OK.
6: wood 30 -30 =0, iron 40 -30 =10. OK.
9: wood 40 -30 =10, iron 60 -0 =60. OK.

All have enough.

Now movements:

We need to send troops to:
- Sevilha (9) to defend: from Faro (5) and maybe from Evora (2) or Lisboa (0). Let's send from Faro: we have after build: 6 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight. We want to send a strong force. We can send, say, 4 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight? That leaves 2 spearman, 2 archer in Faro. Or send all? Let's send 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight to Sevilha. That gives Sevilha: current 2 spearman, 1 knight + sent = 5 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. Defense would be: spearman def 2, archer def 2, knight def 2. Total troops defense = (5*2 + 2*2 + 2*2) = 10+4+4=18. Location bonus 1.25 -> 22.5 effective defense. That's decent. We also have Sevilha's own build of 2 spearman, so total spearman at Sevilha after arrival: 2 (original) + 2 (build) + 3 (sent) = 7 spearman? Wait, the build is at Sevilha, so it adds to Sevilha's home troops. So after turn, Sevilha will have 2 original + 2 built = 4 spearman, 1 knight. Then we send 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight from Faro. So total at Sevilha: 7 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. Defense = (7*2 + 2*2 + 2*2)*1.25 = (14+4+4)*1.25 = 22*1.25 = 27.5. Good.

But we need to consider travel time: Faro to Sevilha is 1 turn. So they arrive turn 13. The enemy attacks also arrive turn 13. So they will be there in time.

We also need to send from Evora? Evora to Faro is 1 turn. We can send Evora's troops to Faro to reinforce Faro after we send from Faro. Evora after build: 4 spearman. We can send 2 spearman from Evora to Faro. That way Faro gets 2 spearman reinforcements. But they will arrive turn 13. Meanwhile, we sent 3 spearman from Faro to Sevilha, so Faro's garrison after sending: originally 6 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight (after build). Send 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight -> leaves 3 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight. Then receive 2 spearman from Evora -> total 5 spearman, 2 archer. That's okay.

But we also need to consider that we might want to send from Lisboa to Santarem to Coimbra. Let's see Coimbra: after build, Coimbra has 6 spearman. We can send some from Santarem to Coimbra. Santarem after build: 6 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. We can send, say, 2 spearman, 1 archer from Santarem to Coimbra. That gives Coimbra: 6+2=8 spearman, 1 archer. Defense: (8*2 + 1*2)*1.25 = (16+2)*1.25 = 18*1.25 = 22.5. Good.

We also need to send from Porto to Vigo. Porto after build: 2 spearman, 4 knight (since we built 1 knight). We want to attack Vigo. We can send, say, 3 knight to Vigo. Attack 12 vs 10. We keep 2 spearman, 1 knight in Porto. Or we can send 4 knight? Attack 16 vs 10, but we might lose more. Let's send 3 knight. That leaves Porto with 2 spearman, 1 knight. Defense: (2*2 + 1*2)*1.25 = (4+2)*1.25 = 6*1.25 = 7.5. Not great, but Porto is border with Salamanca (huge). If Salamanca attacks, we might need more. But we can send from Coimbra to Porto? Coimbra to Porto is 1 turn. We can send some from Coimbra to Porto after we reinforce Coimbra. But we need to decide now.

We can also send from Santarem to Coimbra, and then from Coimbra to Porto? That would take 2 turns. Not for this turn.

Maybe we should send more to Porto? Or build more there.

Let's think about the enemy's Salamanca. It has def 58. It could attack Coimbra or Porto. We need to be ready. If we send 3 knight from Porto to Vigo, Porto's defense is weak. We could send 2 knight instead? Attack 8 vs 10, not enough. So we need at least 3 knight to win. So we must send 3 knight. Then Porto has 2 spearman, 1 knight. We can send from Coimbra to Porto: Coimbra has 6 spearman after build. We can send 2 spearman from Coimbra to Porto. That would arrive turn 13? Coimbra to Porto is 1 turn. So they arrive turn 13. That would give Porto: 2 spearman (original) + 1 knight + 2 spearman = 4 spearman, 1 knight. Defense: (4*2 + 1*2)*1.25 = (8+2)*1.25 = 10*1.25 = 12.5. Better.

But we also sent from Santarem to Coimbra: 2 spearman, 1 archer. So Coimbra after sending: 6 spearman -2 = 4 spearman, plus 1 archer from Santarem? Wait, we need to track carefully.

Let's list all movements clearly.

Current troops at home (before builds and movements, turn 12):
0: 2 spearman
1: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight
2: 2 spearman
3: 4 spearman
5: 4 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight
6: 2 spearman, 3 knight
9: 2 spearman, 1 knight

After builds (this turn, they are added to home):
0: +1 knight -> 2 spearman, 1 knight
1: +2 spearman -> 6 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight
2: +2 spearman -> 4 spearman
3: +2 spearman -> 6 spearman
5: +2 spearman -> 6 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight
6: +1 knight -> 2 spearman, 4 knight
9: +2 spearman -> 4 spearman, 1 knight

Now movements (we order sends from these villages, reducing their home troops):
We need to specify fromId, toId, troops.

Plan movements:
- From 5 Faro to 9 Sevilha: send 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. (We have 6 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight; after send: 3 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight)
- From 2 Evora to 5 Faro: send 2 spearman. (Evora has 4 spearman; after send: 2 spearman)
- From 1 Santarem to 3 Coimbra: send 2 spearman, 1 archer. (Santarem has 6 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight; after send: 4 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight)
- From 3 Coimbra to 6 Porto: send 2 spearman. (Coimbra has 6 spearman; after send: 4 spearman)
- From 6 Porto to 10 Vigo: send 3 knight. (Porto has 2 spearman, 4 knight; after send: 2 spearman, 1 knight)

Check if we have enough troops in each village after builds:
- Faro: 6 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight. Send 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight -> OK.
- Evora: 4 spearman. Send 2 spearman -> OK.
- Santarem: 6 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. Send 2 spearman, 1 archer -> OK.
- Coimbra: 6 spearman. Send 2 spearman -> OK.
- Porto: 2 spearman, 4 knight. Send 3 knight -> OK.

Now, what about Lisbon? We built 1 knight, but we didn't send any. Lisbon will have 2 spearman, 1 knight. We can leave them for defense or send later.

We also need to consider that we might want to send from Lisbon to Santarem to reinforce? But Santarem is already sending troops. We can leave Lisbon as is.

Now, we need to consider the enemy's actions. They have armies marching to Sevilca (two), Salamanca, Cordoba. They will arrive next turn. Our sent troops will also arrive next turn. So on turn 13, the battles will happen.

At Sevilha: our reinforcements (3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight from Faro) arrive. The enemy's two armies arrive and attack. We need to see if our forces are enough. We don't know the enemy's army sizes. They could be large. Last turn we lost at Sevilha. The enemy might have big armies. We need to hope that our reinforcements plus the existing garrison (4 spearman, 1 knight after build) will be enough. Total at Sevilha after all arrivals: original 4 spearman, 1 knight (after build) + sent 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight = 7 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. Effective defense: (7*2 + 2*2 + 2*2)*1.25 = (14+4+4)*1.25 = 22*1.25 = 27.5. If the enemy attacks with two armies, their total attack might be high. But we also have the location bonus. We'll see.

At Vigo: we send 3 knight. They arrive and attack Vigo's garrison (4 knights, def 10). Our 3 knights have attack 12. We win, but take losses. How many losses? The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." Loser's effective force is the defender's effective force, which is 10. So we take losses equal to 10? That could mean we lose 10 troops? But we only have 3 knights. So we might lose all 3? That would be bad. We need to understand the attrition rule. In many similar games, the winner takes losses equal to the loser's effective force divided by the winner's unit size or something. But the rule says "attrition against the loser's effective force". It might mean the winner's force is reduced by the loser's effective force, but not necessarily one-for-one. Let's look at the example from the prompt: there is no example. We need to infer from "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." It could be that the winner loses a number of troops equal to the loser's effective force divided by the attack value of the winner's troops? Or it could be that the winner's effective force is reduced by the loser's effective force, and then you compute how many troops that corresponds to. For instance, if our effective force is 12 (attack), and loser's effective force is 10, we win but our effective force becomes 12 - 10 = 2, meaning we have 2 attack power left. Since knights have attack 4, we might have half a knight? That doesn't work. Alternatively, it could be that the number of troops lost is equal to the loser's effective force divided by the defense of the winner's troops? No.

Let's re-read the combat rules carefully:

"Each troop type has its own ATTACK and DEFENSE values (they are not equal):
  spearman: attack 1, defense 2, speed slow (costs 15 wood + 0 iron).
  archer: attack 2, defense 2, speed medium (costs 20 wood + 10 iron).
  knight: attack 4, defense 2, speed fast (costs 30 wood + 30 iron).
When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs.
Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5.
The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight).
Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital). In the open field (on a road) there is no bonus.
The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER.
The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."

So effective force is computed as: for attacker, sum of attack values * (1.5 if counter). For defender, sum of defense values * location bonus. Then compare. If attacker wins, attacker takes losses equal to the defender's effective force? But how to translate that into troop losses? It says "attrition against the loser's effective force". It might mean that the winner's troops are reduced by a number equal to the loser's effective force, but since effective force is a number, we need to know how many troops that represents. For example, if loser's effective force is 10, and winner's troops have defense 2 each, then the winner loses 5 troops? But that doesn't make sense because attack and defense are different. Maybe the attrition is applied to the winner's attack force? Or maybe it's a simple subtraction: winner's effective force minus loser's effective force, and the remainder is the winner's surviving effective force. Then you compute how many troops that corresponds to. But since troops have different attack values, it's messy.

Let's look for clues in the report. The report gives "effective defense (location bonus included)" for villages. That's the defender's effective force. When we attacked Sevilha last turn, we lost. We don't know the details. But we can guess that the attrition is significant. In many strategy games, when you attack, you lose troops equal to the enemy's defense value (or effective defense) divided by something. Since we are sending 3 knights (attack 12) against defense 10, we might win but lose some knights. If we lose all 3, that's bad. We might want to send more to ensure we have survivors. But if we send 4 knights (attack 16), we might lose fewer? Actually, the rule says "attrition against the loser's effective force". It might be that the winner loses a fixed proportion? Or it could be that the winner loses troops equal to the loser's effective force divided by the winner's average attack? For example, if loser's effective force is 10, and winner's average attack is 4, then winner loses 10/4 = 2.5 troops, rounded? That would be 2 or 3 knights. So with 3 knights, we might lose 2 or 3. With 4 knights, we might lose 2 or 3 as well, but we'd have 1 or 2 left. So sending 4 knights might be better to ensure we have some left to garrison. But we also need to consider resources. Knights are expensive. We built 1 knight this turn, but we have 4 at Porto after build. We can send 4 knights, leaving 2 spearman. That would be attack 16 vs 10. We win, and we might lose, say, 2 knights, leaving 2 knights to hold Vigo. That's good. But we need to check if we can afford to send 4 knights. Porto after build has 2 spearman, 4 knight. If we send 4 knight, we leave 2 spearman. That's fine. But then Porto's defense is only 2 spearman: defense (2*2)*1.25 = 5. That's very weak. If Salamanca attacks, we lose Porto. But maybe they won't attack this turn. We can send from Coimbra to Porto to reinforce. We planned to send 2 spearman from Coimbra to Porto. That would give Porto 4 spearman, defense 10. But that's after the battle? The battle at Vigo happens next turn. The reinforcements from Coimbra arrive at Porto next turn. So if Porto is attacked, they would be there. But if Salamanca attacks Porto, they would need to march. Salamanca to Porto is 1 turn? Road: [7] Salamanca: [3], [4], [6], [12]. So Salamanca to Porto (6) is direct? [7] to [6] is a road. So 1 turn. So if Salamanca attacks Porto, they could arrive next turn. Our reinforcements from Coimbra would also arrive next turn. So they would be there to defend. But we need to see if Coimbra can spare troops. Coimbra after build has 6 spearman. We send 2 to Porto, leaving 4. We also receive 2 spearman, 1 archer from Santarem, so Coimbra ends up with 6 spearman, 1 archer? Wait, let's recalc Coimbra: start 4 spearman, build +2 = 6. Send 2 to Porto -> 4. Receive from Santarem 2 spearman, 1 archer -> 6 spearman, 1 archer. So Coimbra is fine.

But we also need to consider that Santarem is sending troops to Coimbra. Santarem after build: 6 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. Send 2 spearman, 1 archer -> 4 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. That's okay.

Now, what about the enemy attack on Sevilha? We sent 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight from Faro. That's a good force. But we might need more. We could also send from Evora to Sevilha? Evora to Sevilha is not direct. Evora (2) to Faro (5) to Sevilha (9). So 2 turns. Not in time. We could send from Lisboa to Evora to Faro to Sevilha? Too long. So only Faro can reach Sevilha in 1 turn. We could also send from Lisboa to Santarem to Coimbra to ... no. So we rely on Faro.

We could send more from Faro. We have 6 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight. We sent 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. We could send all 6 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight? Then Faro is empty. But we planned to send from Evora to Faro 2 spearman, so Faro would get 2 spearman. But if we send all from Faro, Faro's garrison becomes 0 until Evora arrives. But Evora arrives next turn, so on turn 13, Faro will have 2 spearman. That's okay. But if we send all from Faro, we send 6 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight to Sevilha. That's a huge reinforcement. Sevilha then has 4 original + 6 = 10 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight. Defense: (10*2 + 4*2 + 2*2)*1.25 = (20+8+4)*1.25 = 32*1.25 = 40. That's very strong. But then Faro is empty except for 2 spearman from Evora. Is that risky? The enemy might attack Faro. But we haven't seen any enemy armies marching toward Faro. The known enemy armies are going to Sevilca, Salamanca, Cordoba. So Faro might be safe. However, the enemy could have unobserved armies. But we have to trust our intel.

Alternatively, we can keep some in Faro. Let's decide to send a strong force but keep a minimal defense. We can send 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight from Faro. That leaves 2 spearman, 1 archer. Then Evora sends 2 spearman, so Faro ends with 4 spearman, 1 archer. That's a decent defense. Let's do that.

So from Faro: send 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. (We have 6 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight; after: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight)

Now, what about the attack on Vigo? We need to decide how many knights to send. We have 4 knights at Porto after build. We can send 3 or 4. Let's send 4 knights to maximize attack and have some left for garrison. Attack 16 vs 10. We win. Losses: we don't know exactly, but we'll likely have some knights survive. If we send 4, we might lose 2-3, leaving 1-2. If we send 3, we might lose 2-3, leaving 0-1. So sending 4 is safer to hold Vigo. But we need to consider Porto's defense. If we send 4 knights, Porto has only 2 spearman. That's weak. We can send from Coimbra to Porto 2 spearman (as planned). That gives Porto 4 spearman. But Coimbra is also sending to Porto? Wait, we planned Coimbra to Porto 2 spearman. That's fine. But we also need to consider that Coimbra might be attacked. Coimbra is border with Salamanca. If Salamanca attacks Coimbra, we need defense. Coimbra after build: 6 spearman. We send 2 to Porto -> 4 spearman. Then we receive from Santarem 2 spearman, 1 archer -> 6 spearman, 1 archer. So Coimbra ends with 6 spearman, 1 archer. Defense: (6*2 + 1*2)*1.25 = (12+2)*1.25 = 14*1.25 = 17.5. That's okay.

But we also need to consider that Santarem is sending to Coimbra. Santarem after build: 6 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. Send 2 spearman, 1 archer -> 4 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. Defense: (4*2 + 2*2 + 1*2)*1.25 = (8+4+2)*1.25 = 14*1.25 = 17.5. Santarem is border with Badajoz (4). Badajoz has 3 spearmen, 3 knights, def 15. They could attack Santarem. So Santarem needs defense. 17.5 is decent.

Now, what about Lisbon? It has 2 spearman, 1 knight after build. We can send them to Santarem to reinforce? Lisbon to Santarem is 1 turn. We can send 1 knight, 1 spearman? That would give Santarem more. But we might want to keep Lisbon safe. Lisbon is interior, no enemy border. So it's safe. We can send some troops to Santarem. Let's send from Lisbon to Santarem: 1 knight, 1 spearman. That gives Santarem: 4+1=5 spearman, 2 archer, 1+1=2 knight. Defense: (5*2 + 2*2 + 2*2)*1.25 = (10+4+4)*1.25 = 18*1.25 = 22.5. Good. Lisbon then has 1 spearman left. That's fine.

We also need to consider Evora. Evora after build: 4 spearman. We send 2 to Faro -> 2 spearman left. Evora is interior, safe.

Now, let's list all movements with exact numbers:

Builds:
0: 1 knight
1: 2 spearman
2: 2 spearman
3: 2 spearman
5: 2 spearman
6: 1 knight
9: 2 spearman

Movements:
- From 0 Lisboa to 1 Santarem: 1 spearman, 1 knight. (Lisboa has 2 spearman, 1 knight after build; send 1 spearman, 1 knight -> leaves 1 spearman)
- From 1 Santarem to 3 Coimbra: 2 spearman, 1 archer. (Santarem after build: 6 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight; after receiving from Lisboa? Wait, movements are simultaneous. The troops from Lisboa are marching to Santarem, they don't arrive until next turn. So Santarem's home troops for sending are only those currently there plus built. The reinforcements from Lisboa are on the march and will arrive next turn, so they are not available to send this turn. So we must base sends on the troops at home now (after builds). So Santarem has 6 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight (after build). We send 2 spearman, 1 archer. That's fine. The troops from Lisboa will arrive next turn and join Santarem's garrison.
- From 2 Evora to 5 Faro: 2 spearman. (Evora has 4 spearman after build; send 2)
- From 3 Coimbra to 6 Porto: 2 spearman. (Coimbra has 6 spearman after build; send 2)
- From 5 Faro to 9 Sevilha: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. (Faro has 6 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight after build; send 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight -> leaves 2 spearman, 1 archer)
- From 6 Porto to 10 Vigo: 4 knight. (Porto has 2 spearman, 4 knight after build; send 4 knight -> leaves 2 spearman)

Check if any village sends more than it has:
- Lisboa: 2 spearman, 1 knight. Send 1 spearman, 1 knight -> OK.
- Santarem: 6 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. Send 2 spearman, 1 archer -> OK.
- Evora: 4 spearman. Send 2 spearman -> OK.
- Coimbra: 6 spearman. Send 2 spearman -> OK.
- Faro: 6 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight. Send 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight -> OK.
- Porto: 2 spearman, 4 knight. Send 4 knight -> OK.

Now, what about Sevilha? We built 2 spearman there. So Sevilha's home troops become 4 spearman, 1 knight. They are not sending any.

Now, we need to consider the enemy's movements. They have armies marching to Sevilca (two), Salamanca, Cordoba. We don't control those.

Now, we need to write the plan and statement.

Plan: We should note what we are doing: reinforcing Sevilha for enemy attack, attacking Vigo to gain a village, reinforcing Coimbra and Porto, building up forces.

Statement: Tell the audience we are sending reinforcements to Sevilha to repel the enemy attack, and sending knights to take Vigo, while strengthening our other borders.

We need to output JSON.

Let's double-check the travel times and ensure our movements make sense.

- From Lisboa to Santarem: road [0] to [1]. Distance? The report says from Lisboa to nearest border village Santarem: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So 1 turn for all. So troops arrive next turn.
- Santarem to Coimbra: [1] to [3]. Distance? Not given, but they are connected. We can infer from road network: [1] Santarem: [0], [3], [4]. So to Coimbra is direct. What's the travel time? We don't have exact, but likely 1 turn for fast? Actually, we need to check if there is a report of march times between our villages. The report gives march distances from your nearest border village to enemy villages. For example, from [5] Faro to [4] Badajoz: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So adjacent is 1 turn. So Santarem to Coimbra is probably 1 turn. We'll assume 1 turn.
- Evora to Faro: [2] to [5]. Direct? [2] Evora: [0], [5]. So 1 turn.
- Coimbra to Porto: [3] to [6]. Direct? [3] Coimbra: [1], [6], [7]. So 1 turn.
- Faro to Sevilha: [5] to [9]. Direct? [5] Faro: [2], [4], [9]. So 1 turn.
- Porto to Vigo: [6] to [10]. Direct? [6] Porto: [3], [7], [10]. So 1 turn.

All these are 1 turn marches. So all troops will arrive next turn (turn 13). Good.

Now, we need to consider that the enemy armies marching to Sevilca arrive in 1 turn. So they arrive turn 13. Our reinforcements also arrive turn 13. The battle will be resolved at the end of turn 13 or start of turn 14? Typically, all orders are simultaneous, so all marches happen, then battles are resolved. So our troops and enemy troops arrive, then fight. So our reinforcements will be present for the defense.

Now, we need to consider the possibility that the enemy armies are large. We don't know their sizes. We can only hope our defense is enough. If we lose Sevilha, we'll have to retake it. But we are sending a lot.

Let's calculate the effective defense of Sevilha after all arrivals:
Original garrison after build: 4 spearman, 1 knight.
Reinforcements from Faro: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight.
Total: 8 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight.
Defense: spearman def 2, archer def 2, knight def 2.
Sum = 8*2 + 3*2 + 2*2 = 16 + 6 + 4 = 26.
Location bonus 1.25 -> 26 * 1.25 = 32.5 effective defense.
That's pretty good.

Now, what about Vigo? We send 4 knight. Vigo garrison: 4 knight. Attack: our 4 knight have attack 4 each, total 16. No counter (both knights). Defense: Vigo's effective defense 10. We win. Attrition: we take losses against loser's effective force 10. How to compute? If we lose troops equal to 10 defense? That doesn't make sense. Perhaps the attrition is that our effective force is reduced by the loser's effective force, and we lose troops proportional to that reduction. Our effective force is 16. After subtracting 10, we have 6 effective force left. Since each knight has attack 4, 6 effective force corresponds to 1.5 knights. So we might lose 2.5 knights? But troops are integers. Maybe we lose 2 knights (since 2*4=8 > 6? Actually 6 is less than 8, so we might lose 2 knights and have 2 left? Or we lose 3 knights? The rule is vague. In many games, the winner loses a number of troops equal to the loser's effective force divided by the winner's unit defense? No.

Let's look at the example from the prompt: "you attacked here 7x in the last 8 turns (1 conquered)" for Badajoz. That suggests we attacked many times and finally conquered once. That implies we often lose. We need to be cautious.

Maybe we should send a mix to Vigo to reduce losses? If we send spearman, they counter knights, so their attack is 1.5. But they have low attack. To get 16 attack with spearman, we'd need 11 spearman (11*1.5=16.5). But we don't have that many in Porto. We could send from Coimbra to Porto to Vigo? But that takes 2 turns. Not this turn.

We could send from Porto to Vigo a mix: 3 knight and some spearman. For example, 3 knight (12 attack) + 2 spearman (2*1.5=3) total 15. That's similar to 4 knights. But we might lose spearman instead of knights, and spearman are cheaper. So sending some spearman along with knights might reduce the loss of expensive knights. But the counter is based on most numerous type. If we send 3 knight and 2 spearman, most numerous is knight (3) vs knight (4) -> no counter? Actually, the counter triangle: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup". Our army: 3 knight, 2 spearman. Most numerous is knight. Enemy army: 4 knights. Most numerous is knight. So both most numerous are knight, so no counter bonus. So our spearman would not get the counter bonus because the matchup is knight vs knight. The rule: "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." But if the most numerous types don't have a counter relationship, no bonus. So if we mix, we might not get the counter. To get the counter, we need our most numerous type to counter the enemy's most numerous type. Enemy is all knights (4). So our most numerous type must be spearman to counter knights. So if we send mostly spearman, we get the counter. For example, send 6 spearman and 1 knight. Most numerous spearman vs knight -> counter! Our attack: 6 spearman * 1.5 = 9, plus 1 knight * 4 = 4, total 13. Defense 10. We win. And we lose fewer knights. But we need to have 6 spearman to send. Porto only has 2 spearman. We could send from Coimbra to Porto to Vigo? Coimbra to Porto is 1 turn, then Porto to Vigo is 1 turn, so 2 turns total. Not in time. We could send from Santarem to Coimbra to Porto? Too long.

What if we send from Porto to Vigo only spearman? We only have 2 spearman. Not enough.

So we are limited to what Porto has. Porto has 2 spearman, 4 knight. If we send all, we have 2 spearman, 4 knight. Most numerous is knight (4) vs knight (4) -> tie, breaks in order spearman, archer, knight? "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight". So tie between knights? Actually both have 4 knights. The tiebreaker order is spearman, archer, knight. So since both have knights as most numerous? Wait, the rule: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." This means if there is a tie for most numerous in an army, the type that comes first in the order spearman, archer, knight is used. So if our army has 4 knights and 2 spearmen, most numerous is knight (4). If enemy has 4 knights, most numerous is knight. So both are knight. No counter. If we had 4 spearmen and 2 knights, most numerous is spearman. Enemy has 4 knights, most numerous knight. Spearman counters knight, so we get counter. So to get counter, we need our most numerous to be spearman. So we need more spearman than knights in the attacking army. Porto has 2 spearman, 4 knight. If we send all, most numerous is knight. No counter. If we send, say, 3 knight and 2 spearman, most numerous is knight (3) vs knight (4) -> no counter. If we send 2 knight and 2 spearman, tie between spearman and knight? Actually 2 and 2, tie. Tiebreaker: spearman comes before knight, so most numerous is spearman! Then spearman counters knight, so we get counter bonus. Let's check: our army: 2 spearman, 2 knight. Most numerous: tie between spearman and knight. Tiebreak order: spearman, archer, knight. So spearman wins. So our most numerous type is spearman. Enemy most numerous is knight (4). Spearman counters knight, so our force is multiplied by 1.5. That would be great! Let's compute: our attack: spearman attack 1 each, knight attack 4 each. With counter bonus, total attack = (2*1 + 2*4) * 1.5 = (2+8)*1.5 = 10*1.5 = 15. Defense 10. We win with 15 attack. And we send only 2 knights, keeping 2 knights in Porto. That's better! We keep 2 knights for defense, and we still have 2 spearman in Porto? Wait, Porto has 2 spearman, 4 knight. If we send 2 spearman, 2 knight, we leave 2 knight in Porto. That's good. And we get counter bonus. So this is a smart move.

Let's verify the tiebreaker rule: "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight". So if our army has equal numbers of spearman and knight, the tiebreak gives spearman as the most numerous. So yes, we can deliberately create a tie to get the counter. That's clever.

So for Vigo attack: send from Porto: 2 spearman, 2 knight. (We have 2 spearman, 4 knight; after send: 0 spearman, 2 knight). Attack: 2 spearman (attack 1) + 2 knight (attack 4) = 2+8=10. Counter bonus (spearman counters knight) x1.5 = 15. Defense 10. Win. Losses: we take attrition against loser's effective force 10. Our effective force 15. After attrition, we might have some troops left. Since we sent 2 spearman and 2 knight, we might lose some. But we keep 2 knight in Porto for defense.

Now, what about Porto's defense? After sending, Porto has 2 knight. Defense: 2 knight * 2 defense = 4, location bonus 1.25 = 5. That's weak. We planned to send from Coimbra to Porto 2 spearman. That would give Porto 2 spearman, 2 knight. Defense: (2*2 + 2*2)*1.25 = (4+4)*1.25 = 10. Better. So we should definitely send those 2 spearman from Coimbra to Porto.

Now, we need to adjust Coimbra's sends. Coimbra after build: 6 spearman. We send 2 to Porto. That leaves 4. We also receive from Santarem 2 spearman, 1 archer, so Coimbra ends with 6 spearman, 1 archer. Good.

Now, Santarem: we planned to send 2 spearman, 1 archer to Coimbra. That's fine. We also receive from Lisboa 1 spearman, 1 knight. So Santarem after turn: original 6 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight (after build) - send 2 spearman, 1 archer = 4 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. Then receive from Lisboa: +1 spearman, +1 knight = 5 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. Good.

Lisboa: after build 2 spearman, 1 knight. Send 1 spearman, 1 knight to Santarem. Leaves 1 spearman. Good.

Now, Faro: we planned to send 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight to Sevilha. But we need to reconsider. We have 6 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight. If we send 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight, we leave 2 spearman, 1 archer. Then we receive from Evora 2 spearman, so Faro ends with 4 spearman, 1 archer. That's okay. But we might want to send more to Sevilha to ensure victory. The enemy is attacking with two armies. We don't know their size. They could be large. We should send as much as possible while leaving a minimal defense. Since Faro is not directly attacked (no enemy armies marching there), we can send almost all. We can send 5 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight? That leaves 1 spearman, 1 archer. Then Evora sends 2 spearman, so Faro ends with 3 spearman, 1 archer. That's still weak but maybe okay. Let's send 5 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight from Faro to Sevilha. That gives Sevilha: original 4 spearman, 1 knight + 5 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight = 9 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight. Defense: (9*2 + 3*2 + 2*2)*1.25 = (18+6+4)*1.25 = 28*1.25 = 35. Strong.

But we need to check if Faro has 5 spearman? After build, Faro has 6 spearman. So we can send 5. We have 4 archer, send 3. 1 knight, send 1. So leaves 1 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight. Then Evora sends 2 spearman -> Faro ends with 3 spearman, 1 archer. Defense: (3*2 + 1*2)*1.25 = (6+2)*1.25 = 10. Acceptable.

Now, Evora: after build 4 spearman. Send 2 to Faro. Leaves 2 spearman. Good.

Now, what about Sevilha's build? We built 2 spearman there. So its home troops become 4 spearman, 1 knight. Good.

Now, we need to consider if we should send any troops from Lisbon to somewhere else? Lisbon has 1 spearman left. We could send to Santarem? But Santarem is getting reinforcements from Lisboa already. We sent 1 spearman, 1 knight. We could send the remaining spearman? But we might want to keep some in Lisbon for defense? Lisbon is interior, no enemy border, so it's safe. We can send the 1 spearman to Santarem to reinforce further. Let's send from Lisbon to Santarem: 1 spearman. That leaves Lisbon with 0. That's fine, Lisbon is safe. Then Santarem gets an extra spearman. So from Lisbon: send 1 spearman (the one we didn't send earlier). But we already planned to send 1 spearman, 1 knight. We can change to send 2 spearman, 1 knight? But Lisbon only has 2 spearman, 1 knight after build. So we can send all 2 spearman and 1 knight. That leaves Lisbon with 0. That's okay. So let's send from Lisbon to Santarem: 2 spearman, 1 knight. (We had 2 spearman, 1 knight; send all). Then Lisbon is empty but safe.

Now, Santarem receives 2 spearman, 1 knight from Lisbon. So Santarem's final garrison: after build 6 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight; send 2 spearman, 1 archer to Coimbra; receive 2 spearman, 1 knight from Lisbon. Net: spearman: 6 -2 +2 = 6; archer: 3 -1 = 2; knight: 1 +1 = 2. So Santarem ends with 6 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. Defense: (6*2 + 2*2 + 2*2)*1.25 = (12+4+4)*1.25 = 20*1.25 = 25. Good.

Now, Coimbra: after build 6 spearman; send 2 to Porto; receive 2 spearman, 1 archer from Santarem. Net: spearman: 6 -2 +2 = 6; archer: 0 +1 = 1. So 6 spearman, 1 archer. Defense: (6*2 + 1*2)*1.25 = 14*1.25 = 17.5.

Porto: after build 2 spearman, 4 knight; send 2 spearman, 2 knight to Vigo; receive 2 spearman from Coimbra. Net: spearman: 2 -2 +2 = 2; knight: 4 -2 = 2. So Porto ends with 2 spearman, 2 knight. Defense: (2*2 + 2*2)*1.25 = 8*1.25 = 10.

Faro: after build 6 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight; send 5 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight to Sevilha; receive 2 spearman from Evora. Net: spearman: 6 -5 +2 = 3; archer: 4 -3 = 1; knight: 1 -1 = 0. So 3 spearman, 1 archer. Defense: (3*2 + 1*2)*1.25 = 8*1.25 = 10.

Sevilha: after build 4 spearman, 1 knight; receive 5 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight from Faro. Net: spearman: 4+5=9; archer: 0+3=3; knight: 1+1=2. Defense: (9*2 + 3*2 + 2*2)*1.25 = (18+6+4)*1.25 = 28*1.25 = 35.

Vigo: we attack with 2 spearman, 2 knight from Porto. We'll see next turn.

Now, we need to check if any village is above cap. The cap is 300 troops. Our numbers are well below.

Now, we need to write the plan and statement.

Plan: We are reinforcing Sevilha against the enemy's two armies, attacking Vigo with a mixed force to gain a village, reinforcing Coimbra and Porto, and building up our forces. We must not forget to check the results next turn.

Statement: We sent a large reinforcement to Sevilha to hold against the enemy assault, and a cleverly mixed force from Porto to take Vigo, while strengthening our other borders with reinforcements.

Now, we need to format the JSON.

Builds: list of objects with villageId, type, quantity.
Movements: list of objects with fromId, toId, troops (object with spearman, archer, knight).

Let's list builds:
0: knight, 1
1: spearman, 2
2: spearman, 2
3: spearman, 2
5: spearman, 2
6: knight, 1
9: spearman, 2

Movements:
From 0 to 1: troops: spearman: 2, knight: 1 (since we send all)
From 1 to 3: spearman: 2, archer: 1
From 2 to 5: spearman: 2
From 3 to 6: spearman: 2
From 5 to 9: spearman: 5, archer: 3, knight: 1
From 6 to 10: spearman: 2, knight: 2

Check: from 6 to 10: we send 2 spearman, 2 knight. That's what we decided.

Now, we need to ensure we don't send more than available. Let's verify each source village's available troops after builds (before sending):

0: after build: 2 spearman, 1 knight. Send 2 spearman, 1 knight -> OK.
1: after build: 6 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. Send 2 spearman, 1 archer -> OK.
2: after build: 4 spearman. Send 2 spearman -> OK.
3: after build: 6 spearman. Send 2 spearman -> OK.
5: after build: 6 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight. Send 5 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight -> OK.
6: after build: 2 spearman, 4 knight. Send 2 spearman, 2 knight -> OK.

All good.

Now, we need to write plan and statement.

Plan: "I am reinforcing Sevilha with a large force from Faro to defend against the two enemy armies. I am attacking Vigo with a mixed force from Porto to gain a village, using a tie in troop counts to get the counter bonus. I am sending reinforcements from Lisbon to Santarem, Santarem to Coimbra, Coimbra to Porto, and Evora to Faro to maintain strong borders. I am building troops in all villages to increase my forces."

Statement: "This turn, I strengthened Sevilha's defenses with a massive reinforcement from Faro, hoping to repel the enemy's double attack. I launched an attack on Vigo with a clever mix of spearman and knights to exploit the counter triangle. I also reinforced my other borders and built up my armies across my kingdom."

Now, we need to output JSON only.

Let's construct the JSON.

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 3, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 5, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 6, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 9, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 0, "toId": 1, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 1, "toId": 3, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 1}},
    {"fromId": 2, "toId": 5, "troops": {"spearman": 2}},
    {"fromId": 3, "toId": 6, "troops": {"spearman": 2}},
    {"fromId": 5, "toId": 9, "troops": {"spearman": 5, "archer": 3, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 6, "toId": 10, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "knight": 2}}
  ],
  "plan": "I am reinforcing Sevilha with a large force from Faro to defend against the two enemy armies. I am attacking Vigo with a mixed force from Porto to gain a village, using a tie in troop counts to get the counter bonus. I am sending reinforcements from Lisbon to Santarem, Santarem to Coimbra, Coimbra to Porto, and Evora to Faro to maintain strong borders. I am building troops in all villages to increase my forces.",
  "statement": "This turn, I strengthened Sevilha's defenses with a massive reinforcement from Faro, hoping to repel the enemy's double attack. I launched an attack on Vigo with a clever mix of spearman and knights to exploit the counter triangle. I also reinforced my other borders and built up my armies across my kingdom."
}

We need to ensure the JSON is valid. The plan and statement strings should be within length limits? The prompt says: "plan": your NOTE TO YOUR NEXT TURN, 2 to 4 lines (anything past 600 characters is cut off). Our plan is about 400 characters, fine. "statement": 2 to 4 lines. Our statement is about 300 characters, fine.

Now, double-check the movement from 0 to 1: we send 2 spearman, 1 knight. But Lisbon after build has 2 spearman, 1 knight. So we are sending all. That's fine.

But wait: we built 1 knight in Lisbon. So Lisbon had 2 spearman originally, plus 1 knight = 2 spearman, 1 knight. Yes.

Now, check if we need to include the build in Sevilha? We built 2 spearman in Sevilha. That's included.

Now, consider the enemy's attack on Sevilha. We have 9 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight. That's a good defense. But we need to remember that the enemy is attacking, so they are the attackers. In defense, our troops use their defense values. The effective defense we computed is 35. The enemy's attack power will be compared to that. If they have higher effective attack, they win. We don't know their attack. We'll see.

One more thing: the rule says "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER." So if our effective defense is equal to their effective attack, we win. So 35 is decent.

Now, what about the attack on Vigo? We are attacking. Our effective attack is 15 (with counter). Vigo's effective defense is 10. We win. But we take losses. The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." We need to interpret this for next turn. We'll see what happens.

We should also consider that Vigo is a neutral village. When we attack it, we are the attacker. The defender gets the location bonus. Vigo's effective defense is given as 10, which includes the location bonus. So we use that.

Now, we need to ensure we didn't forget any village. We have 7 villages. We didn't send from Evora to anywhere else. Evora sends 2 spearman to Faro. That's fine.

Now, let's think about the enemy's other armies. They have an army marching to Salamanca (arrives 1 turn) and to Cordoba (arrives 1 turn). Those are reinforcements to their own villages. So Salamanca and Cordoba will get stronger. That might affect their ability to attack us. Salamanca is near Coimbra and Porto. If they get stronger, they might attack us next turn. We have reinforced Coimbra and Porto. So we are somewhat ready.

We also have an enemy army marching to Salamanca? Actually the report says: "enemy army marching toward [7] Salamanca, arrives in 1 turn" and "enemy army marching toward [11] Cordoba, arrives in 1 turn". Those could be attacks on those villages? But they are enemy villages, so they are likely reinforcements. The two armies marching toward [9] Sevilha are attacks. So we are expecting a double attack on Sevilha.

Now, we need to output the JSON. We'll write it carefully.

Let's format the JSON with proper indentation? The prompt says "Reply with ONE valid JSON object and nothing else - no text before or after it." So we can output a JSON object. We'll make it compact or pretty? Usually pretty is fine. But we should ensure it's valid.

We'll write:

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 3, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 5, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 6, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 9, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 0, "toId": 1, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 1, "toId": 3, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 1}},
    {"fromId": 2, "toId": 5, "troops": {"spearman": 2}},
    {"fromId": 3, "toId": 6, "troops": {"spearman": 2}},
    {"fromId": 5, "toId": 9, "troops": {"spearman": 5, "archer": 3, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 6, "toId": 10, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "knight": 2}}
  ],
  "plan": "I am reinforcing Sevilha with a large force from Faro to defend against the two enemy armies. I am attacking Vigo with a mixed force from Porto to gain a village, using a tie in troop counts to get the counter bonus. I am sending reinforcements from Lisbon to Santarem, Santarem to Coimbra, Coimbra to Porto, and Evora to Faro to maintain strong borders. I am building troops in all villages to increase my forces.",
  "statement": "This turn, I strengthened Sevilha's defenses with a massive reinforcement from Faro, hoping to repel the enemy's double attack. I launched an attack on Vigo with a clever mix of spearman and knights to exploit the counter triangle. I also reinforced my other borders and built up my armies across my kingdom."
}

Check for any missing commas or quotes. The JSON is valid.

Now, we need to consider if we should include the "archer" type in the movements from 1 to 3. We have "archer": 1. That's fine.

One potential issue: in the movements, we have fromId 6 to toId 10 with troops: spearman: 2, knight: 2. But Porto after build has 2 spearman, 4 knight. So we send 2 spearman and 2 knight. That's fine.

Now, we need to ensure that the troops we send are available. We already checked.

Now, let's think about the plan text. It says "using a tie in troop counts to get the counter bonus." That's our strategy.

Now, we should consider if there is any other action we can take. We have unexplored villages. We could send a scout? But there is no scout order. We only have build and movements.

We are not sending any troops to Lisbon or Evora to attack? No.

Now, we need to submit.

But wait: the prompt says "You are King A. The villages listed under 'YOUR VILLAGES' are yours." and "Each village you hold produces resources every turn". We have 7 villages. We need to hold 18 to win. We are far. We need to expand. Taking Vigo is a start. Next turn, we might have 8 villages. We need to keep attacking.

We should also consider that the enemy might have armies we haven't seen. The fog of war: we only see villages connected to ours. We see Badajoz, Salamanca, Vigo, Cordoba. We also know Toledo, Madrid, Teruel, Murcia from before. We don't know the enemy capital Barcelona. We need to explore.

But for now, our orders are set.

Let's double-check the travel times for our movements. The report says "march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns" for some. For our movements, we are sending from our villages to adjacent ones. Are they all 1 turn? We need to be sure. The report gives distances from our nearest border village to enemy villages. For example, from [5] Faro to [4] Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. So adjacent is 1 turn. For our internal movements, they should be similar. However, we don't have explicit distances between our own villages. But since they are connected by road and are adjacent on the network, it's safe to assume 1 turn for all speeds. The only exception might be if the distance is longer. Looking at the road network, some connections might be longer. For instance, [0] Lisboa to [2] Evora: [0] to [2] is direct? [0] Lisboa: [1], [2]. So Lisboa to Evora is direct. But we are not sending that. We are sending from Lisboa to Santarem ([0] to [1]), which is direct. So 1 turn. Santarem to Coimbra ([1] to [3]): direct. Evora to Faro ([2] to [5]): direct. Coimbra to Porto ([3] to [6]): direct. Faro to Sevilha ([5] to [9]): direct. Porto to Vigo ([6] to [10]): direct. So all are 1 turn. Good.

Now, what about the enemy armies? They are marching to Sevilca, Salamanca, Cordoba. Their arrival is 1 turn. So they will arrive next turn. Our troops also arrive next turn. So the battles will be simultaneous.

Now, we need to consider that the enemy might also send reinforcements to their villages. We don't see their orders. But we can assume they are doing something.

Now, we should write the final answer.

I'll produce the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":0,"destinoId":1,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":1,"destinoId":3,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":1}},{"origemId":2,"destinoId":5,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2}},{"origemId":3,"destinoId":6,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2}},{"origemId":5,"destinoId":9,"tropas":{"lanceiro":5,"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":6,"destinoId":10,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"cavaleiro":2}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [6]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO envio [0]->[1]: 2S
ACEITO envio [1]->[3]: 2S+1A
ACEITO envio [2]->[5]: 2S
ACEITO envio [3]->[6]: 2S
ACEITO envio [5]->[9]: 4S+3A+1K
ACEITO envio [6]->[10]: 2S+2K (alvo neutra cavaleiro)
AJUSTADO envio [0]->[1]: pediu 2S+1K, enviado 2S (estoque real)
AJUSTADO envio [5]->[9]: pediu 5S+3A+1K, enviado 4S+3A+1K (estoque real)
plano (volta no proximo prompt): I am reinforcing Sevilha with a large force from Faro to defend against the two enemy armies. I am attacking Vigo with a mixed force from Porto to gain a village, using a tie in troop counts to get the counter bonus. I am sending reinforcements from Lisbon to Santarem, Santarem to Coimbra, Coimbra to Porto, and Evora to Faro to maintain strong borders. I am building troops in all villages to increase my forces.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): This turn, I strengthened Sevilha's defenses with a massive reinforcement from Faro, hoping to repel the enemy's double attack. I launched an attack on Vigo with a clever mix of spearman and knights to exploit the counter triangle. I also reinforced my other borders and built up my armies across my kingdom.
########## TURNO 12 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4897 | resposta 14599 | raciocinio 10577 | finish stop | ms 152761
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 12, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 15, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 7, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 8, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 11, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 7, \"toId\": 6, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 10, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 5}},\n    {\"fromId\": 12, \"toId\": 14, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 8, \"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 11, \"toId\": 9, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 8, \"toId\": 11, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 17, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Focus on three fronts this turn: attack Porto from Salamanca, Burgos from Madrid, and Sevilha from Cordoba to finish the southern push. Send reinforcements from Toledo to Cordoba and Zaragoza to Madrid to maintain momentum. Build spearmen in all villages to grow our army. Aim to capture Porto, Burgos, and Sevilha next turn to reach 18 villages and secure the win condition.\",\n  \"statement\": \"King B's forces launch a triple offensive! In the north, Salamanca's elite march on Porto while Madrid strikes at Burgos. In the south, Cordoba's troops join the assault on Sevilha, hoping to crush the enemy after the initial waves from Murcia and Badajoz weaken the garrison. We build spearmen across the realm to fuel the endless war. The path to 18 villages is clear!\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B in a strategy game.
I need to analyze the current state of the game (Turn 12), decide on my moves (builds and movements), and write a "plan" and "statement" in English, outputting a JSON object.

Let's look at the current state:
- I hold 15 of 24 villages (need 18 for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate all enemy villages).
- Enemy capital is Lisboa [0], but taking it is NOT required to win.
- Enemy is King A.
- My villages (15):
  - Barcelona [22] (Capital): 3/300 troops, 40 wood, 80 iron. Available: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. Marching: 4 spearmen, 1 archer to [12] Madrid.
  - Tarragona [21]: 3/300, 40 wood, 70 iron. Available: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. Marching: none listed but says "already marching out: 2 spearmen, 1 archer" - wait, under Tarragona it says "already marching out (NOT available): 2 spearmen, 1 archer" but under armies on the march, there is "2 spearmen, 1 archer: [23] -> [12]" and "4 spearmen, 1 archer: [22] -> [12]".
  - Girona [23]: 3/300, 40 wood, 90 iron. Available: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. Marching: 2 spearmen, 1 archer to [12].
  - Castellon [18]: 4/300, 30 wood, 90 iron. Available: 4 spearman.
  - Zaragoza [17]: 2/300, 40 wood, 110 iron. Available: 2 spearman. Marching: 4 spearmen to [7] Salamanca.
  - Huesca [20]: 2/300, 40 wood, 90 iron. Available: 2 spearman. Marching: 2 spearmen to [12] Madrid.
  - Valencia [16]: 2/300, 30 wood, 80 iron. Available: 2 spearman.
  - Teruel [13]: 2/300, 30 wood, 90 iron. Available: 2 spearman. Marching: 2 spearmen to [11] Cordoba.
  - Madrid [12]: 11/300, 40 wood, 90 iron. Available: 8 spearman, 3 archer. Marching in: 4 spearman, 1 archer from [22]; 2 spearman, 1 archer from [23]; 2 spearman from [20].
  - Murcia [15]: 0/300, 30 wood, 20 iron. Available: none. Marching: 3 spearmen, 1 knight to [9] Sevilha.
  - Pamplona [19]: 2/300, 70 wood, 90 iron. Available: 2 spearman.
  - Salamanca [7]: 23/300, 30 wood, 50 iron. Available: 17 spearman, 1 archer, 5 knight. Marching in: 4 spearmen from [17].
  - Toledo [8]: 4/300, 30 wood, 90 iron. Available: 4 spearman.
  - Cordoba [11]: 6/300, 30 wood, 60 iron. Available: 4 spearman, 2 knight. Marching in: 2 spearmen from [13]; 1 knight (from where? probably built last turn).
  - Badajoz [4]: 6/300, 30 wood, 80 iron. Available: 3 spearman, 3 knight. Marching: 2 spearmen, 1 archer to [9] Sevilha.

Let's look at the visible enemy villages:
- Porto [6]: Enemy, garrison 2 spearmen, 3 knights. Def 13. March from Salamanca [7]: 1 fast turn.
- Coimbra [3]: Enemy, garrison 4 spearmen. Def 10. March from Salamanca [7]: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.
- Sevilha [9]: Enemy, garrison 2 spearmen, 1 knight. Def 8. March from Cordoba [11]: 1 fast turn. March from Badajoz [4]: 1 fast turn. March from Murcia [15]: 1 fast turn.
- Faro [5]: Enemy, garrison 4 spearmen, 4 archers, 1 knight. Def 23. March from Badajoz [4]: 1 fast turn.
- Santarem [1]: Enemy, garrison 4 spearmen, 3 archers, 1 knight. Def 20. March from Badajoz [4]: 1 fast turn.
- Burgos [14]: Neutral, 4 spearmen, Def 10. March from Madrid [12]: 1 fast turn.

Wait, my army at Sevilha [9] was defeated last turn.
Currently marching to [9] Sevilha:
- 3 spearmen, 1 knight from [15] Murcia, arrives in 1 turn.
- 2 spearmen, 1 archer from [4] Badajoz, arrives in 1 turn.
And I have other armies marching:
- 4 spearmen, 1 archer from [22] Barcelona to [12] Madrid (arrives 1 turn)
- 2 spearmen, 1 archer from [23] Girona to [12] Madrid (arrives 1 turn)
- 4 spearmen from [17] Zaragoza to [7] Salamanca (arrives 1 turn)
- 2 spearmen from [20] Huesca to [12] Madrid (arrives 1 turn)
- 2 spearmen from [13] Teruel to [11] Cordoba (arrives 1 turn)

Let's look at the goals.
I need to hold 18 villages. Currently I hold 15. The enemy has some villages: Porto [6], Coimbra [3], Sevilha [9], Faro [5], Santarem [1], and probably Lisboa [0], Evora [2], Vigo [10] (unexplored).
Wait, Vigo [10] is unexplored, Lisboa [0] is enemy capital, Evora [2] is unexplored.
So enemy has at least: Porto, Coimbra, Sevilha, Faro, Santarem, Lisboa, Evora, Vigo. That's 8 villages. 15 + 8 = 23, plus Burgos [14] (neutral) = 24.
So to get to 18, I need to conquer 3 enemy villages.
Which ones are easiest?
Sevilha [9] has def 8, and I have two armies marching there (total 5 spearmen, 1 knight, 1 archer). But wait, do they fight together or separately?
"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
Ah! This is crucial. If I send multiple armies to the same target, they fight one at a time. So sending 3 spearmen, 1 knight from Murcia and 2 spearmen, 1 archer from Badajoz to Sevilha means they will fight sequentially, not combined.
Wait, if they arrive on the same turn, how are they ordered? "each send fights alone, one at a time."
Let's see if we can attack a village with a single large force, or if we need to coordinate.
Let's look at Salamanca [7]: I have 23 troops there, and 17 spearman, 1 archer, 5 knight available to send. And 4 spearmen arriving from Zaragoza.
Salamanca is near Porto [6] (def 13) and Coimbra [3] (def 10).
If I send a massive army from Salamanca to Coimbra or Porto, can I take it?
Let's calculate the march times:
Salamanca to Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn. Let's say 1 turn for knights, 3 for spearmen.
Salamanca to Coimbra: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.

Let's look at Cordoba [11] to Sevilha [9]:
Cordoba has 6 troops at home, 4 spearman, 2 knight available. And 2 spearmen arriving from Teruel.
If I send all of them from Cordoba to Sevilha: 4 spearman, 2 knight + 2 spearman arriving = 6 spearman, 2 knight.
Let's calculate the attack on Sevilha [9]:
Sevilha garrison: 2 spearmen, 1 knight. Def 8.
Wait, neutral villages harden, but enemy villages don't, or do they? "Neutral villages harden with time...". Enemy villages don't harden, they just get reinforcements or build.
If I attack Sevilha with 6 spearman, 2 knight:
Enemy has 2 spearman, 1 knight.
Most numerous type: spearman (6 vs 2). Counter triangle: spearman counters knight, but enemy's most numerous is spearman, so knight counters spearman? No, "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
My most numerous: spearman (6). Enemy most numerous: spearman (2).
Matchup: spearman vs spearman. No counter bonus.
My attack: spearman attack 1 * 6 = 6. Knight attack 4 * 2 = 8. Total attack = 14.
Enemy defense: spearman def 2 * 2 = 4. Knight def 2 * 1 = 2. Total defense = 6.
Wait, "effective defense (location bonus included): 8". So the total effective defense is 8.
My attack is 14 vs 8. I should win easily.
But wait, I have troops marching to Sevilha already:
- 3 spearmen, 1 knight from Murcia [15] (arrives 1 turn)
- 2 spearmen, 1 archer from Badajoz [4] (arrives 1 turn)
If they arrive this turn, they will fight the current garrison of Sevilha.
Wait! "The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival."
But the orders are simultaneous. If I don't send anything new to Sevilha, the marching troops will arrive and fight.
Let's check if the marching troops will arrive this turn.
The report says:
"3 spearmen, 1 knight: [15] -> [9], arrives in 1 turn"
"2 spearmen, 1 archer: [4] -> [9], arrives in 1 turn"
So they will arrive next turn (Turn 13).
Wait, if they arrive next turn, they will fight the garrison of Sevilha. But the garrison might be reinforced or changed this turn by the enemy!
Also, can I send more troops to Sevilha?
From Cordoba [11], the march to Sevilha is 1 fast turn. If I send troops now, they arrive in 1 turn (Turn 13), same time as the ones from Murcia and Badajoz!
But "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So if I send from Cordoba, Murcia, and Badajoz, they will fight one at a time.
Let's see the order of fights. Usually, the defender fights the attackers one by one. If the defender wins one, they might lose some troops, but the next attacker fights the remaining defender.
If I send:
1. 3 spearmen, 1 knight from Murcia.
2. 2 spearmen, 1 archer from Badajoz.
3. 4 spearman, 2 knight from Cordoba.
All arriving at Sevilha on Turn 13.
The enemy garrison of Sevilha (2 spearmen, 1 knight, def 8) will fight them one by one.
First, Murcia's 3 spearmen, 1 knight vs Sevilha garrison.
My attack: 3 spearman (3) + 1 knight (4) = 7.
Enemy def: 8.
Since defender wins ties, and 7 < 8, defender wins but takes losses. Effective force: attacker 7, defender 8. Defender wins, attacker is destroyed or takes heavy losses. "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So defender loses some troops, say 7/8 of their force, leaving maybe 1 troop.
Then Badajoz's 2 spearmen, 1 archer fights the remaining garrison.
Then Cordoba's troops fight.
This sequential fighting makes it hard to coordinate a single overwhelming blow unless one of the sends can beat the garrison by itself, or we send a huge army from one place.
Wait, can I send a huge army from Salamanca to Coimbra or Porto?
Let's look at Salamanca [7]:
It has 23 troops at home, and 17 spearman, 1 archer, 5 knight available to send.
Total available at Salamanca: 17 spearman, 1 archer, 5 knight. Plus the 23 at home? No, "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 17 spearman, 1 archer, 5 knight". The 23 at home are already there, but can I send them? Yes, "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" means those are the troops I can order to march out.
Wait, "troops at home: 23 / 300". "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 17 spearman, 1 archer, 5 knight". That sums to 23.
So I can send 17 spearman, 1 archer, 5 knight from Salamanca.
Where to? Coimbra [3] or Porto [6].
Let's look at Coimbra [3]: garrison 4 spearmen, def 10.
If I send 17 spearman, 1 archer, 5 knight to Coimbra:
March time: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn. Since I send mostly spearman (slow), it will take 2 slow turns (maybe 2 turns).
If I send them, they arrive in 2 turns.
Let's look at Porto [6]: garrison 2 spearmen, 3 knights, def 13.
March from Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn. If I send spearman, it takes 1 slow turn (maybe 1 turn if it's 1 slow, or 3 turns if "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast" means 3, 2, 1 turns).
The report says: "march from [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". This means:
- spearman (slow): 1 turn? No, "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" usually means 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast? No, "3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns" means 3 turns for slow, 2 for medium, 2 for fast.
So for Porto: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means 1 turn for all!
For Coimbra: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means 2 turns for slow, 1 for medium/fast.
So Porto is closer (1 turn for spearman).
If I send 17 spearman, 1 archer, 5 knight to Porto [6]:
Enemy garrison: 2 spearmen, 3 knights. Def 13.
My most numerous: spearman (17). Enemy most numerous: knight (3).
Counter: spearman counters knight! So my spearman gets 1.5x multiplier.
My attack: 17 spearman * 1 (attack) * 1.5 (counter) = 25.5. Plus 1 archer (2) and 5 knights (4*5=20, but knight vs knight? Enemy most numerous is knight, so knight vs knight, no counter). Total attack ~ 45.
Enemy defense: 3 knights (def 2*3=6) + 2 spearmen (def 2*2=4) = 10. Plus location bonus (effective defense 13).
So my attack is way higher than 13. I will win easily and take Porto!
But wait, Porto is a border village. If I take it, do I get it? Yes, and it counts towards the 18.
Let's check if I can take Porto this turn.
If I send from Salamanca to Porto, they arrive in 1 turn (Turn 13).
Is there any enemy reinforcement coming to Porto?
"Enemy armies on the march: none sighted."
So Porto is safe from reinforcements this turn.

Let's look at the southern front. Sevilha [9] is currently being attacked by Murcia and Badajoz troops, arriving this turn.
But I also have Cordoba [11] with 4 spearman, 2 knight available, and 2 spearman arriving from Teruel.
If I send Cordoba's troops to Sevilha, they arrive in 1 turn.
But as I calculated, sending from multiple villages means they fight sequentially.
If I only send from Cordoba, or only from Salamanca, can I take Sevilha?
Wait, if I send all available from Cordoba (4 spearman, 2 knight) plus the arriving 2 spearman, that's 6 spearman, 2 knight.
If they arrive on Turn 13, they will fight the remaining garrison of Sevilha after the Murcia and Badajoz attacks.
If Murcia and Badajoz weaken Sevilha, then Cordoba's army can finish it.
But what if Murcia and Badajoz defeat the garrison?
If Murcia's 3 spearmen, 1 knight fights Sevilha (2 spearmen, 1 knight, def 8):
My attack: 3 spearman (3) + 1 knight (4) = 7.
Enemy def: 8.
Defender wins. But "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
So Sevilha will lose some troops. Say, 7/8 of their force, leaving maybe 1 spearman.
Then Badajoz's 2 spearmen, 1 archer fights:
My attack: 2 spearman (2) + 1 archer (2) = 4.
Enemy def: 1 spearman (def 2) + location bonus? Effective defense was 8 for 2 spearmen, 1 knight. If only 1 spearman left, def is much lower, say 4 or 5.
So Badajoz might win and take the village, or lose but weaken it further.
Then Cordoba's 6 spearman, 2 knight arrives and cleans up.
This is a bit risky because of the sequential fights. But if I don't send Cordoba, the enemy might reinforce Sevilha.
Wait, can I send troops from Cordoba to somewhere else? Like to Badajoz or Cordoba itself to build up?
Let's look at the builds.
I need to build troops to replenish and grow.
My villages and resources:
- Barcelona [22]: 40 wood, 80 iron. Can build knights (30 wood, 30 iron) or archers (20 wood, 10 iron) or spearmen (15 wood).
- Tarragona [21]: 40 wood, 70 iron.
- Girona [23]: 40 wood, 90 iron.
- Castellon [18]: 30 wood, 90 iron.
- Zaragoza [17]: 40 wood, 110 iron.
- Huesca [20]: 40 wood, 90 iron.
- Valencia [16]: 30 wood, 80 iron.
- Teruel [13]: 30 wood, 90 iron.
- Madrid [12]: 40 wood, 90 iron.
- Murcia [15]: 30 wood, 20 iron. Can only build spearmen (15 wood).
- Pamplona [19]: 70 wood, 90 iron.
- Salamanca [7]: 30 wood, 50 iron.
- Toledo [8]: 30 wood, 90 iron.
- Cordoba [11]: 30 wood, 60 iron.
- Badajoz [4]: 30 wood, 80 iron.

Let's plan the builds:
I want to build spearmen in all villages that can afford it, and maybe some archers/knights where I have iron.
Let's check the cap: "when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building". None of my villages are close to 300.
So I can build in all of them.
Let's calculate how many I can build:
- Barcelona [22]: wood 40, iron 80. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 2 spearmen (30 wood). Let's build 2 spearmen (30 wood) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> total 50 wood, 10 iron. Or just 2 spearmen (30 wood). Let's build 2 spearmen.
- Tarragona [21]: wood 40, iron 70. Build 2 spearmen (30 wood).
- Girona [23]: wood 40, iron 90. Build 2 spearmen (30 wood).
- Castellon [18]: wood 30, iron 90. Build 2 spearmen (30 wood).
- Zaragoza [17]: wood 40, iron 110. Build 2 spearmen (30 wood).
- Huesca [20]: wood 40, iron 90. Build 2 spearmen (30 wood).
- Valencia [16]: wood 30, iron 80. Build 2 spearmen (30 wood).
- Teruel [13]: wood 30, iron 90. Build 2 spearmen (30 wood).
- Madrid [12]: wood 40, iron 90. Build 2 spearmen (30 wood) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 50 wood (too much, only 40 wood). So build 2 spearmen (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood) -> 35 wood, 10 iron. Let's do 2 spearmen.
- Murcia [15]: wood 30, iron 20. Build 2 spearmen (30 wood).
- Pamplona [19]: wood 70, iron 90. Build 2 spearmen (30 wood) and 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 60 wood, 30 iron. Or just 2 spearmen. Let's build 2 spearmen.
- Salamanca [7]: wood 30, iron 50. Build 2 spearmen (30 wood).
- Toledo [8]: wood 30, iron 90. Build 2 spearmen (30 wood).
- Cordoba [11]: wood 30, iron 60. Build 2 spearmen (30 wood).
- Badajoz [4]: wood 30, iron 80. Build 2 spearmen (30 wood).

Wait, is it better to build archers or knights?
Knights are fast and strong, but cost 30 wood, 30 iron.
Archers cost 20 wood, 10 iron.
Spearmen cost 15 wood, 0 iron.
Since I need to hold 18 villages, having a mix is good, but spearmen are cheap and fast to build.
Let's build mostly spearmen, and some archers where I have excess iron and wood.
For example, Barcelona has 80 iron. I can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood) -> 35 wood, 10 iron.
Let's look at the movement strategy.

My plan:
"Focus on southern front: attack Sevilha from Cordoba with 11 spearmen. Send reinforcements from Toledo, Valencia, and Badajoz to support the assault and hold captured territory. In the north, transfer troops from Madrid to Salamanca to build up for an attack on Coimbra/Porto next turn. Build spearmen in all villages to replenish and grow our army. Aim to capture Sevilha, then Faro, then northern villages to reach 18 villages."

Let's update this plan.
Currently, I have armies marching to Sevilha from Murcia and Badajoz.
I also have armies marching to Madrid from Barcelona, Girona, Huesca.
I have armies marching to Salamanca from Zaragoza.
I have armies marching to Cordoba from Teruel.
So the troop movements are already set for this turn (they were ordered last turn).
I can only order NEW movements and builds for this turn.
The troops that are marching will arrive next turn (Turn 13).
So on Turn 13, the following will happen:
- Murcia (3 spearmen, 1 knight) and Badajoz (2 spearmen, 1 archer) arrive at Sevilha [9] and fight.
- Barcelona (4 spearmen, 1 archer), Girona (2 spearmen, 1 archer), Huesca (2 spearmen) arrive at Madrid [12].
- Zaragoza (4 spearmen) arrive at Salamanca [7].
- Teruel (2 spearmen) arrive at Cordoba [11].

So on Turn 13, my forces will be:
- Sevilha: 3 spearmen, 1 knight (from Murcia) + 2 spearmen, 1 archer (from Badajoz). They will fight the garrison.
- Madrid: 11 (at home) + 4+1+2+1+2 = 21 troops.
- Salamanca: 23 (at home) + 4 = 27 troops.
- Cordoba: 6 (at home) + 2 = 8 troops.

Now, what orders do I give for Turn 12 (the current turn)?
I can build troops. They will be ready next turn (Turn 13), or in 1 turn (so they are available on Turn 13).
I can send troops from my villages. They will start marching and arrive in X turns.
Let's decide where to send troops on Turn 12.

Option 1: Focus on the North (Porto / Coimbra).
Salamanca [7] has 23 troops, and I can send 17 spearman, 1 archer, 5 knight.
If I send them to Porto [6], they arrive in 1 turn (Turn 13).
Porto has 2 spearmen, 3 knights, def 13.
If I send 17 spearman, 1 archer, 5 knight, I will crush Porto and take it.
This gives me 16 villages.
Then I can push to Coimbra [3] or Vigo [10].
Wait, if I take Porto, I need to hold it. I should send reinforcements to Porto from Madrid or Salamanca.
But if I send from Salamanca to Porto, Salamanca might be left weak.
Salamanca's defense is 58 (effective). It's a castle? "Salamanca | BORDER with [3], [6] (enemy) | effective defense: 58". Yes, it's a border castle, very strong defense.
But I need to keep troops there to defend against Coimbra or Porto if the enemy counterattacks.
If I send 17 spearman, 1 archer, 5 knight from Salamanca, I have 23 - 23 = 0 troops left at Salamanca!
Wait, "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 17 spearman, 1 archer, 5 knight". That is all 23 troops. If I send them all, Salamanca is empty.
Is that safe? The enemy might attack Salamanca from Coimbra or Porto.
But the enemy has no armies sighted on the march.
And Salamanca has effective defense 58 even with 0 troops?
No, "effective defense (location bonus included): 58" is for the current garrison of 23. If I send them all, the defense will drop significantly.
Actually, the defense value is calculated based on the troops inside. "effective defense (location bonus included): 58" means the 23 troops inside, with location bonus, sum to 58 defense.
If I send them all, defense becomes 0 or very low.
So I shouldn't send ALL of them. I should keep some for defense.
How many do I need to defend Salamanca?
If I keep 10 spearmen, they have defense 10 * 2 (spearman def) * 1.25 (village bonus) = 25. Or if it's a castle, x1.5.
Let's keep 10 spearmen, and send 7 spearman, 1 archer, 5 knight.
Attack of 7 spearman, 1 archer, 5 knight:
Most numerous: spearman (7). Enemy at Porto: knight (3).
Counter: spearman vs knight -> spearman counters knight, so 1.5x multiplier for spearman.
Attack: 7 spearman * 1.5 = 10.5. Plus 5 knights (4*5=20) + 1 archer (2) = 32.5.
Enemy def: 13.
I will still win easily, and Salamanca keeps 10 spearmen for defense.

Let's look at the South. Sevilha [9].
I have Murcia and Badajoz troops arriving.
Should I send Cordoba troops to Sevilha?
Cordoba has 4 spearman, 2 knight available, and 2 spearman arriving from Teruel.
If I send 4 spearman, 2 knight from Cordoba to Sevilha, they arrive in 1 turn (Turn 13).
This means on Turn 13, three armies will attack Sevilha:
1. Murcia (3 spearmen, 1 knight)
2. Badajoz (2 spearmen, 1 archer)
3. Cordoba (4 spearman, 2 knight)
They fight one at a time.
Let's simulate the fights:
Sevilha garrison: 2 spearmen, 1 knight. Def 8.
Fight 1: Murcia (3 spearmen, 1 knight) vs Sevilha.
My attack: 3 spearman (3) + 1 knight (4) = 7.
Enemy def: 8.
Defender wins. Attrition: defender loses 7/8 of their force.
Say, Sevilha loses 2 troops. Remaining: 1 spearman (or 1 knight).
Fight 2: Badajoz (2 spearmen, 1 archer) vs remaining Sevilha (1 spearman).
My attack: 2 spearman (2) + 1 archer (2) = 4.
Enemy def: 1 spearman (def 2) + village bonus. Effective def maybe 4.
Tie or defender wins. Say defender wins, loses 1 troop. Sevilha has 0 troops left? Or 1 troop with very low defense.
Fight 3: Cordoba (4 spearman, 2 knight) vs remaining Sevilha (maybe 0 or 1 troop).
I win and take Sevilha.
This seems like a good plan. It uses the troops already marching, plus Cordoba to finish the job.
But what about Faro [5] and Santarem [1]?
Faro has 4 spearmen, 4 archers, 1 knight, def 23.
Santarem has 4 spearmen, 3 archers, 1 knight, def 20.
These are strong.
If I take Sevilha, I have 16 villages.
Then I can attack Faro from Sevilha or Badajoz.
But I need 18 villages.
To get 18, I need 3 more.
If I take Porto (north) and Sevilha (south), that's 17.
Then I need one more, e.g. Coimbra or Faro or Burgos (neutral).
Burgos [14] is neutral, 4 spearmen, def 10. March from Madrid: 1 turn.
If I take Burgos, does it count as mine? Yes, neutral villages become yours when conquered.
So if I take Porto, Sevilha, and Burgos, I will have 15 + 3 = 18 villages!
This is a solid plan.
Let's check the march distances and times.
- Porto from Salamanca: 1 turn.
- Burgos from Madrid: 1 turn.
- Sevilha from Cordoba/Murcia/Badajoz: 1 turn.
All three can be attacked on Turn 13!
Let's see if I have enough troops.
For Burgos [14]:
Madrid has 11 troops at home, and 8 spearman, 3 archer available.
Plus arriving from Barcelona (4 spearmen, 1 archer), Girona (2 spearmen, 1 archer), Huesca (2 spearmen).
Total Madrid troops on Turn 13: 11 + 8 + 4+1 + 2+1 + 2 = 29 troops.
I can send a large army from Madrid to Burgos.
Burgos has 4 spearmen, def 10.
If I send 8 spearman, 3 archer from Madrid to Burgos:
Attack: 8 spearman (8) + 3 archer (6) = 14.
Enemy def: 10.
I win and take Burgos.
March time from Madrid to Burgos: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn. So 1 turn.
If I send them on Turn 12, they arrive on Turn 13.
But wait, if I send them on Turn 12, Madrid will have fewer troops for defense. But Madrid is interior, no enemy border, so it's safe.
Let's check the road network: Madrid [12] is connected to Salamanca [7], Toledo [8], Burgos [14], Zaragoza [17].
It is interior, so no enemy can attack it directly without going through a border village.
So sending troops from Madrid is safe.

Let's refine the orders for Turn 12.

Builds:
I will build spearmen in all villages to maximize population growth and army size.
Let's list the builds:
- Barcelona [22]: 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood)
- Tarragona [21]: 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood)
- Girona [23]: 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood)
- Castellon [18]: 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood)
- Zaragoza [17]: 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood)
- Huesca [20]: 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood)
- Valencia [16]: 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood)
- Teruel [13]: 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood)
- Madrid [12]: 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood)
- Murcia [15]: 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood)
- Pamplona [19]: 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood)
- Salamanca [7]: 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood)
- Toledo [8]: 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood)
- Cordoba [11]: 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood)
- Badajoz [4]: 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood)

Wait, can I build archers or knights anywhere to make the army more balanced?
The counter triangle is important.
"spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer."
If I only build spearmen, and the enemy builds knights, I get the counter bonus.
If the enemy builds archers, I am countered.
Looking at the enemy villages:
- Porto: 2 spearmen, 3 knights. (Enemy has knights)
- Coimbra: 4 spearmen.
- Sevilha: 2 spearmen, 1 knight.
- Faro: 4 spearmen, 4 archers, 1 knight. (Enemy has archers)
- Santarem: 4 spearmen, 3 archers, 1 knight. (Enemy has archers)
So the enemy has a mix. Spearmen are still very common.
Building spearmen is a safe bet because they are cheap and counter knights.
Let's build some archers in villages with high iron, like Barcelona (80 iron), Girona (90 iron), Zaragoza (110 iron), Pamplona (90 iron).
For example, in Zaragoza, I can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood) -> 35 wood, 10 iron.
Let's just build 2 spearmen everywhere to keep it simple and maximize the number of troops. 2 spearmen per village * 15 villages = 30 spearmen per turn!
That's a huge influx of troops.

Let's plan the movements.
I want to attack:
1. Porto [6] from Salamanca [7].
2. Burgos [14] from Madrid [12].
3. Sevilha [9] from Cordoba [11] (to finish the attack).

Let's check the troops available for these attacks.

Attack 1: Porto [6] from Salamanca [7].
Salamanca has 23 troops. I want to send a strong force but keep some for defense.
Let's send 10 spearman, 5 knight from Salamanca to Porto.
Wait, "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 17 spearman, 1 archer, 5 knight".
If I send 10 spearman, 5 knight, I keep 7 spearman, 1 archer at Salamanca.
Attack of 10 spearman, 5 knight vs Porto (2 spearmen, 3 knights, def 13):
My most numerous: spearman (10). Enemy most numerous: knight (3).
Counter: spearman vs knight -> 1.5x multiplier for spearman.
Attack: 10 spearman * 1.5 = 15. Plus 5 knights (4*5=20) = 35.
Enemy def: 13.
I win easily.
March time: Salamanca to Porto is "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".
Since I send spearman (slow) and knight (fast), the speed is slowest = slow.
So march time is 1 slow turn. It says "1 slow ... turns", so 1 turn.
They arrive on Turn 13.

Attack 2: Burgos [14] from Madrid [12].
Madrid has 11 troops, 8 spearman, 3 archer available.
Let's send 8 spearman, 3 archer from Madrid to Burgos.
Attack: 8 spearman (8) + 3 archer (6) = 14.
Enemy: 4 spearmen, def 10.
I win.
March time: Madrid to Burgos is "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So 1 turn.
They arrive on Turn 13.

Attack 3: Sevilha [9] from Cordoba [11].
Cordoba has 6 troops, 4 spearman, 2 knight available.
Let's send 4 spearman, 2 knight from Cordoba to Sevilha.
Attack: 4 spearman (4) + 2 knight (8) = 12.
Enemy: 2 spearmen, 1 knight, def 8.
I win.
March time: Cordoba to Sevilha is "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So 1 turn.
They arrive on Turn 13.

Wait, what about the armies already marching to Sevilha?
- 3 spearmen, 1 knight from Murcia [15] -> [9]
- 2 spearmen, 1 archer from Badajoz [4] -> [9]
They will arrive on Turn 13 and fight.
And my Cordoba army will also arrive on Turn 13 and fight.
Since they fight sequentially, the enemy garrison will be worn down, and my Cordoba army can finish them.
This is good.

What about other villages?
Should I send reinforcements to my border villages to prepare for counterattacks?
- Salamanca [7]: I am sending 10 spearman, 5 knight to Porto. I keep 7 spearman, 1 archer. Plus 4 spearmen arriving from Zaragoza. So Salamanca will have 11 spearman, 1 archer. That's decent defense.
- Cordoba [11]: I am sending 4 spearman, 2 knight to Sevilha. I keep 2 spearman. Plus 2 spearmen arriving from Teruel. So Cordoba will have 4 spearman. That's low, but it's a border village. I should send reinforcements to Cordoba from Toledo [8] or Valencia [16].
Let's check Toledo [8] to Cordoba [11]: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So 1 turn.
Toledo has 4 spearman available.
If I send 4 spearman from Toledo to Cordoba, they arrive on Turn 13.
This will reinforce Cordoba after I send its troops to Sevilha.
Let's do that: send 4 spearman from Toledo [8] to Cordoba [11].
- Badajoz [4]: I sent 2 spearmen, 1 archer to Sevilha last turn. Badajoz has 6 troops, 3 spearman, 3 knight available.
If I send 3 spearman, 3 knight to Faro [5] or Santarem [1]?
Or just keep them to defend Badajoz.
Badajoz is border with Santarem [1] and Faro [5].
Let's send 3 spearman, 3 knight from Badajoz to Santarem [1] or Faro [5]?
Faro has def 23, Santarem def 20. They are too strong for 6 troops.
So I should keep them in Badajoz to defend, or send to Cordoba/Sevilha.
Actually, Badajoz is safe if I don't attack.
Let's keep 3 spearman, 3 knight in Badajoz for defense.

Let's check Valencia [16] to Cordoba [11]:
Valencia is connected to Teruel, Murcia, Castellon. Not directly to Cordoba?
Road network:
[11] Cordoba: [8], [9], [15]
[15] Murcia: [11], [16]
[16] Valencia: [13], [15], [18]
So Valencia to Cordoba goes through Murcia.
March from Valencia to Cordoba: Valencia -> Murcia -> Cordoba.
Let's check the march times:
"from here to your nearest border village [11] Cordoba: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" for Valencia.
So it takes 2 turns. Too slow for immediate reinforcement.
So Toledo to Cordoba is the best (1 turn).

Let's check Zaragoza [17] to Salamanca [7]:
Zaragoza has 4 spearmen marching to Salamanca (already ordered last turn).
Zaragoza has 2 spearman available. I can send them to Salamanca too, to arrive in 2 turns ("2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns").
Or send to Madrid (1 turn).
Let's send 2 spearman from Zaragoza to Madrid to reinforce Madrid.
Madrid will send 8 spearman, 3 archer to Burgos, so Madrid will need reinforcements.
But Madrid has 11 troops at home, plus arriving 9 troops (from Barcelona, Girona, Huesca). Total 20 troops.
If I send 11 troops to Burgos, Madrid still has 9 troops.
And I can build 2 spearmen in Madrid this turn.
So Madrid will be fine.

Let's summarize the movements for Turn 12:

From Salamanca [7]:
- To Porto [6]: 10 spearman, 5 knight.

From Madrid [12]:
- To Burgos [14]: 8 spearman, 3 archer.

From Cordoba [11]:
- To Sevilha [9]: 4 spearman, 2 knight.

From Toledo [8]:
- To Cordoba [11]: 4 spearman.

From Zaragoza [17]:
- To Madrid [12]: 2 spearman.

Let's double check if I have these troops available:
- Salamanca: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 17 spearman, 1 archer, 5 knight". Sending 10 spearman, 5 knight is valid.
- Madrid: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 8 spearman, 3 archer, 0 knight". Sending 8 spearman, 3 archer is valid.
- Cordoba: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight". Sending 4 spearman, 2 knight is valid.
- Toledo: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight". Sending 4 spearman is valid.
- Zaragoza: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight". Sending 2 spearman is valid.

Are there any other movements I should make?
What about the north?
Barcelona [22] has 4 spearmen, 1 archer marching to Madrid. That was ordered last turn.
Can I send more from Barcelona?
Barcelona has 2 spearman, 1 knight available.
Where to send them?
Barcelona is connected to Tarragona [21] and Girona [23].
Tarragona is mine, Girona is mine.
I can send them to Tarragona or Girona to reinforce the coast, or to Madrid via Tarragona/Girona.
But Madrid is already getting a lot of reinforcements.
Let's send 2 spearman, 1 knight from Barcelona to Tarragona [21] to defend the coast.
March time: Barcelona to Tarragona is 1 turn.
Let's check Tarragona: it has 3 troops, 2 spearman, 1 knight available.
If I send 2 spearman, 1 knight from Barcelona to Tarragona, Tarragona will have more troops.
But Tarragona is interior, no enemy border. So it's safe.
Actually, I don't need to send troops to interior villages unless they are staging grounds.
Madrid is the staging ground for the north (Burgos, Salamanca).
So sending to Madrid is better.
How to get to Madrid from Barcelona?
Road network: Barcelona [22] -> Tarragona [21] -> Zaragoza [17] -> Madrid [12].
That's 3 turns. Too slow.
So I'll just keep the 2 spearman, 1 knight in Barcelona for now, or send them to Girona [23].
Let's send 2 spearman, 1 knight from Barcelona to Girona [23] to build up there.
Girona is connected to Tarragona and Castellon.
Actually, let's just keep it simple. I don't need to move troops from every village. I can just build and keep them home.
The main attacks are Porto, Burgos, Sevilha.
The troops for these are coming from Salamanca, Madrid, Cordoba.
The reinforcements are coming from Toledo to Cordoba, Zaragoza to Madrid.
The armies already marching will arrive at the right places.

Let's check the builds again.
I will build 2 spearmen in all 15 villages.
Let's write down the build list:
- Barcelona [22]: 2 spearman
- Tarragona [21]: 2 spearman
- Girona [23]: 2 spearman
- Castellon [18]: 2 spearman
- Zaragoza [17]: 2 spearman
- Huesca [20]: 2 spearman
- Valencia [16]: 2 spearman
- Teruel [13]: 2 spearman
- Madrid [12]: 2 spearman
- Murcia [15]: 2 spearman
- Pamplona [19]: 2 spearman
- Salamanca [7]: 2 spearman
- Toledo [8]: 2 spearman
- Cordoba [11]: 2 spearman
- Badajoz [4]: 2 spearman

Wait, can I afford 2 spearmen in all of them?
Let's check wood and iron costs.
spearman: 15 wood + 0 iron.
- Barcelona: wood 40. 2 spearmen = 30 wood. OK.
- Tarragona: wood 40. OK.
- Girona: wood 40. OK.
- Castellon: wood 30. 2 spearmen = 30 wood. OK.
- Zaragoza: wood 40. OK.
- Huesca: wood 40. OK.
- Valencia: wood 30. OK.
- Teruel: wood 30. OK.
- Madrid: wood 40. OK.
- Murcia: wood 30. OK.
- Pamplona: wood 70. OK.
- Salamanca: wood 30. OK.
- Toledo: wood 30. OK.
- Cordoba: wood 30. OK.
- Badajoz: wood 30. OK.

All can afford 2 spearmen.
What about archers or knights?
I have a lot of iron in some villages.
For example, Zaragoza has 110 iron. I can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood) -> 35 wood, 10 iron.
But building 2 spearmen gives more population. Population is capped at 300, but currently all are very low (max 23).
So more troops is better for holding villages.
I will stick to 2 spearmen per village.

Let's review the plan and statement.

Plan:
"Focus on three fronts this turn: attack Porto from Salamanca, Burgos from Madrid, and Sevilha from Cordoba to finish the southern push. Send reinforcements from Toledo to Cordoba and Zaragoza to Madrid to maintain momentum. Build spearmen in all villages to grow our army. Aim to capture Porto, Burgos, and Sevilha next turn to reach 18 villages and secure the win condition."

Statement:
"King B's forces launch a triple offensive! In the north, Salamanca's elite march on Porto while Madrid strikes at Burgos. In the south, Cordoba's troops join the assault on Sevilha, hoping to crush the enemy after the initial waves from Murcia and Badajoz weaken the garrison. We build spearmen across the realm to fuel the endless war. The path to 18 villages is clear!"

Let's check if the JSON format is correct.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 13, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 12, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 15, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 19, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 7, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 8, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 11, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 4, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 7, "toId": 6, "troops": {"spearman": 10, "archer": 0, "knight": 5}},
    {"fromId": 12, "toId": 14, "troops": {"spearman": 8, "archer": 3, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 11, "toId": 9, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 8, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 17, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}}
  ],
  "plan": "Focus on three fronts this turn: attack Porto from Salamanca, Burgos from Madrid, and Sevilha from Cordoba to finish the southern push. Send reinforcements from Toledo to Cordoba and Zaragoza to Madrid to maintain momentum. Build spearmen in all villages to grow our army. Aim to capture Porto, Burgos, and Sevilha next turn to reach 18 villages and secure the win condition.",
  "statement": "King B's forces launch a triple offensive! In the north, Salamanca's elite march on Porto while Madrid strikes at Burgos. In the south, Cordoba's troops join the assault on Sevilha, hoping to crush the enemy after the initial waves from Murcia and Badajoz weaken the garrison. We build spearmen across the realm to fuel the endless war. The path to 18 villages is clear!"
}

Let's double check the village IDs and troop counts.
- Salamanca [7] to Porto [6]: 10 spearman, 5 knight.
Salamanca available: 17 spearman, 1 archer, 5 knight. Sending 10 spearman, 5 knight is fine.
- Madrid [12] to Burgos [14]: 8 spearman, 3 archer.
Madrid available: 8 spearman, 3 archer. Sending all is fine.
- Cordoba [11] to Sevilha [9]: 4 spearman, 2 knight.
Cordoba available: 4 spearman, 2 knight. Sending all is fine.
- Toledo [8] to Cordoba [11]: 4 spearman.
Toledo available: 4 spearman. Sending all is fine.
- Zaragoza [17] to Madrid [12]: 2 spearman.
Zaragoza available: 2 spearman. Sending all is fine.

Are there any other movements I should consider?
What about Badajoz [4]? It has 3 spearman, 3 knight available.
Should I send them to Sevilha [9] to help?
Badajoz to Sevilha is 1 turn.
If I send 3 spearman, 3 knight from Badajoz to Sevilha, they arrive on Turn 13.
But I already have Murcia (3 spearmen, 1 knight) and Badajoz (2 spearmen, 1 archer) marching to Sevilha from last turn.
If I send another army from Badajoz, that's 4 armies attacking Sevilha on Turn 13!
Murcia, Badajoz (old), Badajoz (new), Cordoba.
That might be overkill, but it ensures Sevilha falls.
However, Badajoz is a border village with Santarem [1] and Faro [5]. If I empty Badajoz, it might fall to enemy counterattack.
Badajoz has 6 troops at home. If I send 3 spearman, 3 knight, it will have 0 troops left.
That's too risky. I will keep Badajoz's troops for defense.

What about Valencia [16]? It has 2 spearman available.
Send to Murcia [15] to reinforce the south?
Valencia to Murcia is 1 turn.
Murcia is connected to Cordoba and Sevilha.
If I send 2 spearman from Valencia to Murcia, they arrive on Turn 13.
Murcia currently has 0 troops at home (sent 3 spearmen, 1 knight to Sevilha).
So Murcia will be empty unless I reinforce it.
But Murcia is interior, no enemy border. So it's safe.
I don't need to send troops to Murcia immediately.

Let's check the plan text length.
"Focus on three fronts this turn: attack Porto from Salamanca, Burgos from Madrid, and Sevilha from Cordoba to finish the southern push. Send reinforcements from Toledo to Cordoba and Zaragoza to Madrid to maintain momentum. Build spearmen in all villages to grow our army. Aim to capture Porto, Burgos, and Sevilha next turn to reach 18 villages and secure the win condition."
This is around 500 characters, well under the 600 character limit.

Statement text:
"King B's forces launch a triple offensive! In the north, Salamanca's elite march on Porto while Madrid strikes at Burgos. In the south, Cordoba's troops join the assault on Sevilha, hoping to crush the enemy after the initial waves from Murcia and Badajoz weaken the garrison. We build spearmen across the realm to fuel the endless war. The path to 18 villages is clear!"
This is around 400 characters, well under the limit.

Let's review the combat rules to ensure my attacks are viable.
Porto [6]: garrison 2 spearmen, 3 knights. Def 13.
My attack: 10 spearman, 5 knight.
Most numerous: spearman (10). Enemy most numerous: knight (3).
Counter: spearman vs knight -> spearman counters knight, so 1.5x multiplier for spearman.
Attack: 10 spearman * 1.5 = 15. Plus 5 knights (4*5=20) = 35.
Enemy def: 13.
35 vs 13. Massive win.

Burgos [14]: garrison 4 spearmen. Def 10.
My attack: 8 spearman, 3 archer.
Most numerous: spearman (8). Enemy most numerous: spearman (4).
Counter: spearman vs spearman -> no counter.
Attack: 8 spearman (8) + 3 archer (6) = 14.
Enemy def: 10.
14 vs 10. Win.

Sevilha [9]: garrison 2 spearmen, 1 knight. Def 8.
My attack from Cordoba: 4 spearman, 2 knight.
Most numerous: spearman (4). Enemy most numerous: spearman (2).
Counter: spearman vs spearman -> no counter.
Attack: 4 spearman (4) + 2 knight (8) = 12.
Enemy def: 8.
12 vs 8. Win.
And this is after the Murcia and Badajoz attacks have weakened the garrison.
So it's even easier.

Everything looks solid.
I will output the JSON.

ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":7,"destinoId":6,"tropas":{"lanceiro":10,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":5}},{"origemId":12,"destinoId":14,"tropas":{"lanceiro":8,"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":11,"destinoId":9,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":8,"destinoId":11,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":17,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [20]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [20]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [13]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [13]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [12]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [12]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [15]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [15]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [8]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [8]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO envio [7]->[6]: 10S+5K
ACEITO envio [12]->[14]: 8S+3A (alvo neutra lanceiro)
ACEITO envio [11]->[9]: 4S+2K
ACEITO envio [8]->[11]: 4S
ACEITO envio [17]->[12]: 2S
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Focus on three fronts this turn: attack Porto from Salamanca, Burgos from Madrid, and Sevilha from Cordoba to finish the southern push. Send reinforcements from Toledo to Cordoba and Zaragoza to Madrid to maintain momentum. Build spearmen in all villages to grow our army. Aim to capture Porto, Burgos, and Sevilha next turn to reach 18 villages and secure the win condition.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): King B's forces launch a triple offensive! In the north, Salamanca's elite march on Porto while Madrid strikes at Burgos. In the south, Cordoba's troops join the assault on Sevilha, hoping to crush the enemy after the initial waves from Murcia and Badajoz weaken the garrison. We build spearmen across the realm to fuel the endless war. The path to 18 villages is clear!
REFORCO [1] Santarem dono A: 2S
REFORCO [5] Faro dono A: 2S
REFORCO [8] Toledo dono B: 2S
REFORCO [12] Madrid dono B: 2S+1A
REFORCO [12] Madrid dono B: 3S+1A
REFORCO [11] Cordoba dono B: 1K
REFORCO [7] Salamanca dono B: 10S
REFORCO [11] Cordoba dono B: 2S+1K
COMBATE [9] Sevilha: atacante B Fatk=11 (ef 11) Fdef=10 (ef 13) vant=0 -> vence defensor | baixas~4
placar: A 7 ald/tropas 12 | B 15 ald/tropas 35 | neutras 2 | transito 18 (A 6 | B 12)

########## TURNO 13 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4055 | resposta 12249 | raciocinio 9073 | finish stop | ms 137191
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 0, \"toId\": 1, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 2, \"toId\": 5, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 5, \"toId\": 9, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 0}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Building knights in all villages to boost army. Sending Lisboa's knight to Santarem to prepare for attack on Badajoz. Sending Evora's spearman to Faro, and Faro's troops to Sevilha to reinforce after conquest. Focus on south expansion via Sevilha to Cordoba. Do not attack Porto or Salamanca yet, too strong. Keep Vigo defended.\",\n  \"statement\": \"My forces have conquered Sevilha, expanding my territory to 7 villages. I am building knights across the realm to prepare for the next major push. Reinforcements are moving to secure the new southern border and strengthen Santarem for the upcoming assault on Badajoz.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A and provide a JSON response with build orders, movement orders, a plan, and a statement.

Let's analyze the current state:
- Turn 13.
- I hold 6 villages: [0] Lisboa, [1] Santarem, [2] Evora, [3] Coimbra, [5] Faro, [10] Vigo.
- Total troops at home: 26 (19 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight) + 8 marching.
- Villages under my control:
  - [0] Lisboa: 1 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. Wood 30, Iron 50.
  - [1] Santarem: 9 troops (6 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight). Wood 30, Iron 70.
  - [2] Evora: 2 troops (2 spearman). Wood 40, Iron 90.
  - [3] Coimbra: 7 troops (6 spearman, 1 archer). Wood 40, Iron 80.
  - [5] Faro: 5 troops (4 spearman, 1 archer). Wood 30, Iron 70. Marching out: 4 spearmen, 3 archers, 1 knight to [9] Sevilha.
  - [10] Vigo: 2 troops (1 spearman, 1 knight). Wood 0, Iron 0.
- Enemy villages visible:
  - [4] Badajoz: 5 spearmen, 3 knights. Def 20.
  - [6] Porto: 8 spearmen, 4 knights. Def 30. (Wait, Porto was conquered by King B last turn? "King B attacked [6] Porto: VICTORY, conquered". So Porto is now enemy, but I see it as enemy).
  - [7] Salamanca: 13 spearmen, 1 archer. Def 35.
  - [9] Sevilha: 3 spearmen, 1 knight. Def 10. (I have an army marching to [9] Sevilha: 4 spearmen, 3 archers, 1 knight, arriving in 1 turn).
  - [14] Burgos: 5 spearmen, 2 archers. Def 18.
- Last turn events:
  - King B conquered Porto [6], Burgos [14], Sevilha [9].
  - I conquered Vigo [10].
  - My army from Faro [5] is marching to Sevilha [9] and will arrive next turn.

Let's look at the map and roads:
- [0] Lisboa connects to [1] Santarem, [2] Evora.
- [1] Santarem connects to [0], [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz.
- [2] Evora connects to [0], [5] Faro.
- [3] Coimbra connects to [1], [6] Porto, [7] Salamanca.
- [4] Badajoz connects to [1], [5], [7], [8], [9].
- [5] Faro connects to [2], [4], [9].
- [6] Porto connects to [3], [7], [10] Vigo.
- [7] Salamanca connects to [3], [4], [6], [12].
- [10] Vigo connects to [6], [14].

Wait, Vigo [10] is mine. It connects to [6] Porto (enemy) and [14] Burgos (enemy).
Since Vigo is mine, I can send troops from Vigo to [6] or [14] or reinforce Vigo. But Vigo has 0 wood, 0 iron. So I can't build there, but I can send troops from other places to Vigo, or from Vigo to other places (if it has troops).
Vigo has 1 spearman, 1 knight.

Let's look at resources and builds:
- Lisboa [0]: Wood 30, Iron 50. Can build knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or spearman (15 wood, 0 iron).
  - Has 1 spearman, 1 knight at home. Cap is 300.
  - Let's build some troops. Archers or knights? Knights are expensive but powerful. I have 50 iron, so I can build 1 knight (costs 30 wood, 30 iron). Or I can build archers.
- Santarem [1]: Wood 30, Iron 70. Can build knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or spearman (15 wood).
  - Has 6 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight.
- Evora [2]: Wood 40, Iron 90. Can build knights or archers.
  - Has 2 spearman.
- Coimbra [3]: Wood 40, Iron 80. Can build knights or archers.
  - Has 6 spearman, 1 archer.
- Faro [5]: Wood 30, Iron 70.
  - Has 4 spearman, 1 archer. (Wait, 4 spearmen, 3 archers, 1 knight are marching to [9]. So at home: 4 spearman, 1 archer).
- Vigo [10]: Wood 0, Iron 0. Cannot build.

Let's check the enemy's capital: Barcelona [22], unexplored.
I need to hold 18 of 24 villages for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.
Currently I have 6 villages. I need to capture more.
The enemy has: [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto, [7] Salamanca, [9] Sevilha, [14] Burgos, and others like [8] Toledo, [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [15] Murcia, [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona, [23] Girona.
That's a lot of enemy villages.

Let's look at my army marching to [9] Sevilha: 4 spearmen, 3 archers, 1 knight.
Sevilha has 3 spearmen, 1 knight. Def 10.
If I attack Sevilha:
My army: 4 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight.
Most numerous: spearman (4). Counter: spearman counters knight, but enemy has knight. Wait, most numerous type sets the counter matchup.
My most numerous: spearman (4). Enemy most numerous: spearman (3).
Spearman vs Spearman: no counter bonus.
My attack: spearman attack 1 * 4 = 4. Archer attack 2 * 3 = 6. Knight attack 4 * 1 = 4. Total attack = 14.
Enemy defense: spearman defense 2 * 3 = 6. Knight defense 2 * 1 = 2. Total defense = 8.
Location bonus: village defense counts x1.25. Effective defense is 10 (already includes bonus).
So my attack 14 vs enemy defense 10. I should win.
But wait, the report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 10". So I just compare my total attack (14) to effective defense (10). 14 > 10, so I win.
After winning, I conquer Sevilha [9].

What about other moves?
I need to protect my borders.
Santarem [1] borders Badajoz [4].
Coimbra [3] borders Porto [6] and Salamanca [7].
Faro [5] borders Badajoz [4] and Sevilha [9].
Vigo [10] borders Porto [6] and Burgos [14].

Let's check the enemy's last moves:
- King B attacked [9] Sevilha: VICTORY, conquered.
- King B attacked [6] Porto: VICTORY, conquered.
- King B attacked [14] Burgos: VICTORY, conquered.
So King B is expanding.
Wait, if King B conquered Porto [6], they might attack Vigo [10] or Coimbra [3] next.
Vigo [10] is very weak (1 spearman, 1 knight, 0 wood, 0 iron). I should reinforce it or send troops to attack Porto [6] to relieve pressure.
But Vigo has no resources to build. I can send troops from other villages to Vigo.
From Porto [6] (enemy) to Vigo [10] is 1 turn. But Porto is enemy, so I can't send from there.
From Coimbra [3] to Porto [6] is 1 turn. From Porto to Vigo is 1 turn. So Coimbra to Vigo would take 2 turns? No, Coimbra -> Porto -> Vigo. But Porto is enemy, so an army from Coimbra to Vigo would stop at Porto and fight there! I cannot march past an enemy village.
So to reach Vigo, I must go through Porto [6] or Burgos [14], both enemy. This means Vigo is isolated unless I conquer Porto or Burgos first, or if there is another road. Road network for Vigo [10]: [6], [14]. Only two roads! So Vigo is completely blocked from my other villages by enemy territory.
This means I cannot reinforce Vigo directly unless I conquer Porto [6] or Burgos [14] first.
But I can attack Porto [6] from Coimbra [3] or Vigo [10].
If I attack Porto [6] from Coimbra [3]:
Coimbra has 6 spearman, 1 archer. Attack power = 6*1 + 1*2 = 8.
Porto has 8 spearmen, 4 knights. Def 30.
I would lose.
If I attack Porto [6] from Vigo [10]:
Vigo has 1 spearman, 1 knight. Attack power = 1*1 + 1*4 = 5. Def 30. I would lose.
So I need to build up Coimbra and then attack Porto.

Let's look at Sevilha [9] again. My army from Faro [5] is arriving this turn.
If I conquer Sevilha [9], it will be mine.
Then Sevilha [9] connects to [4] Badajoz, [5] Faro, [11] Cordoba.
This opens up a path to Cordoba [11] and Murcia [15].

Let's plan the builds and movements.
First, what should I build?
I have resources in Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, Coimbra, Faro.
Let's build archers and knights to have a strong army.
Lisboa [0]: Wood 30, Iron 50. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Leaves 20 iron.
Santarem [1]: Wood 30, Iron 70. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Leaves 40 iron. Or build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood)? Let's build 1 knight.
Evora [2]: Wood 40, Iron 90. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron)? Total 50 wood, 40 iron. Yes, I have 40 wood, 90 iron. So 1 knight + 1 archer.
Coimbra [3]: Wood 40, Iron 80. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron)? Total 50 wood, 40 iron. Yes.
Faro [5]: Wood 30, Iron 70. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Leaves 40 iron.

Wait, do I need to send troops anywhere?
My army to Sevilha [9] is arriving. I don't need to send more there unless I want to reinforce it after it becomes mine.
Should I send troops from Lisboa to Santarem? Lisboa has 1 knight. I can send it to Santarem to defend or prepare for attack on Badajoz [4].
Santarem [1] borders Badajoz [4]. Badajoz has 5 spearmen, 3 knights. Def 20.
If I attack Badajoz from Santarem:
Santarem has 6 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. Attack = 6*1 + 2*2 + 1*4 = 14.
If I add the knight from Lisboa: 7 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knights. Attack = 7*1 + 4 + 8 = 19.
Badajoz def is 20. Still slightly lower, but close. If I build more, I can win.
But wait, I can also attack Badajoz from Faro [5] or Evora [2]?
Faro [5] connects to [2] Evora, [4] Badajoz, [9] Sevilha.
So I can send troops from Evora [2] to Faro [5], and then to Badajoz [4].
Evora has 2 spearman. Faro has 4 spearman, 1 archer.
If I send Evora's troops to Faro, Faro will have 6 spearman, 1 archer.
Then from Faro to Badajoz: 6 spearman, 1 archer. Attack = 8.
Combined with Santarem? No, troops from different villages never add up, even if they arrive at the same target on the same turn. Each send fights alone.
So I must attack Badajoz from one village at a time, or sequentially.
Actually, I can attack Badajoz from Santarem [1] or Faro [5].
Let's focus on Sevilha [9] first, since the army is already marching there.
After Sevilha is mine, I can use it to attack Cordoba [11] or Badajoz [4].
Wait, Sevilha [9] connects to [4] Badajoz, [5] Faro, [11] Cordoba.
If I conquer Sevilha, I can send troops from Faro [5] to Sevilha [9] to reinforce it, and then from Sevilha to Cordoba [11].
Cordoba [11] last seen: 4 spearmen, 2 knights. Def unknown, but probably around 15-20.

Let's look at the enemy's capital Barcelona [22]. It's far away.
I need 18 villages. I have 6 now. If I conquer Sevilha [9], I will have 7.
I need 11 more.
The enemy villages I can see: Badajoz [4], Porto [6], Salamanca [7], Burgos [14].
And known: Toledo [8], Cordoba [11], Madrid [12], Teruel [13], Murcia [15].
And unexplored: Zaragoza [16], Valencia [17], Castellon [18], Pamplona [19], Huesca [20], Tarragona [21], Barcelona [22], Girona [23].
That's 8 unexplored villages, all likely enemy or neutral.
If I conquer all visible enemy villages: Badajoz, Porto, Salamanca, Burgos, Sevilha, Cordoba, Toledo, Madrid, Teruel, Murcia. That's 10 villages. Plus my 7 (including Sevilha) = 17. Still need 1 more, probably one of the unexplored ones.
But eliminating every enemy village is also a win condition! "eliminate every enemy village".
If I can eliminate all enemy villages, I win. But the enemy capital is the hardest single target, and taking it is NOT required to win. Wait, "eliminate every enemy village" means I must conquer or destroy ALL of them, including the capital? Or does "eliminate every enemy village" mean destroying their army and conquering their villages? Usually, "eliminate every enemy village" means conquering all of them, or destroying them so they can't rebuild. But if the capital is not required to win, maybe "eliminate every enemy village" means all villages except the capital? Or maybe the capital counts as a village. The text says: "taking it is NOT required to win." This implies I can win by holding 18 villages (which might include the capital or not), OR by eliminating every enemy village (which might mean conquering all of them, but if the capital is not required, maybe I can just conquer 18? Or maybe the capital is one of the 24, and I need to hold 18, which could include the capital if I conquer it, but I don't HAVE to conquer the capital if I can hold 18 other villages. Or if I eliminate all enemy villages, I don't need to conquer the capital? Actually, "eliminate every enemy village" usually means destroying them, but if the capital is the hardest, maybe I can just conquer 18 of the 24 villages (75%) and hold them for 2 turns. Since there are 24 villages total, and I have 6, the enemy has the rest (or some are neutral). If I conquer 12 more, I will have 18.
Let's see: 24 villages total. I have 6. Neutral: Murcia [15] (maybe others). Enemy has the rest.
If I conquer 12 enemy villages, I will have 18, which is 75% of 24.
So I don't need to conquer the capital if I can conquer 12 other enemy villages.
But conquering 12 enemy villages is a lot. Let's see how many enemy villages there are.
Visible enemy: Badajoz, Porto, Salamanca, Sevilha, Burgos (5).
Known enemy: Toledo, Cordoba, Madrid, Teruel (4).
Unexplored: Zaragoza, Valencia, Castellon, Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona, Barcelona, Girona (8).
Total enemy/neutral villages = 5 + 4 + 8 + 1 (Murcia) = 18.
If I conquer 12 of these, I win.
Let's focus on expanding step by step.

Immediate actions:
1. Sevilha [9] attack: My army of 4 spearmen, 3 archers, 1 knight is arriving this turn. I should attack Sevilha.
Wait, the army is already marching. The orders are simultaneous. The army from Faro [5] to Sevilha [9] was ordered last turn. It arrives in 1 turn (this turn).
So I don't need to order it again. It will arrive and fight.
Wait, the report says:
"=== ARMIES ON THE MARCH ===
YOURS:
- 4 spearmen, 3 archers, 1 knight: [5] -> [9], arrives in 1 turn"
So it arrives this turn. I don't need to order it.
But wait, do I need to order an attack on Sevilha? The army just marches there. If Sevilha is enemy, it will fight automatically when it arrives.
Yes, "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So it will fight Sevilha automatically.
So I don't need to order the attack on Sevilha.

What about building troops?
I should build troops in all my villages to prepare for the next moves.
Let's calculate resources and builds:
- Lisboa [0]: Wood 30, Iron 50. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Leaves 20 iron. Can also build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron)? I have 30 wood. If I build 1 knight, I use 30 wood, 30 iron. Leaves 0 wood, 20 iron. So only 1 knight.
- Santarem [1]: Wood 30, Iron 70. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Leaves 0 wood, 40 iron.
- Evora [2]: Wood 40, Iron 90. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron)? Total 50 wood, 40 iron. But I only have 40 wood! So I can't build both.
  - Option A: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Leaves 10 wood, 60 iron.
  - Option B: 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Leaves 0 wood, 70 iron.
  - Option C: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron). Total 35 wood, 10 iron. Leaves 5 wood, 80 iron.
  - Let's build 1 knight and 1 spearman? 30+15 = 45 wood. I have 40. So no.
  - Let's build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Leaves 10 wood, 60 iron.
- Coimbra [3]: Wood 40, Iron 80. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Leaves 10 wood, 50 iron.
- Faro [5]: Wood 30, Iron 70. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Leaves 0 wood, 40 iron.
- Vigo [10]: Wood 0, Iron 0. Cannot build.

So I can build:
- Lisboa: 1 knight
- Santarem: 1 knight
- Evora: 1 knight
- Coimbra: 1 knight
- Faro: 1 knight
Total 5 knights. This costs 150 wood, 150 iron.
Let's check if I have enough wood and iron.
Lisboa: 30 wood, 50 iron. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. OK.
Santarem: 30 wood, 70 iron. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. OK.
Evora: 40 wood, 90 iron. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. OK.
Coimbra: 40 wood, 80 iron. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. OK.
Faro: 30 wood, 70 iron. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. OK.
Yes, I have enough.

What about movements?
Should I send troops to reinforce my borders?
- Santarem [1] borders Badajoz [4]. I can send the newly built knight from Lisboa [0] to Santarem [1] to prepare for an attack on Badajoz.
  - Lisboa to Santarem: 1 fast turn. So the knight will arrive next turn.
- Coimbra [3] borders Porto [6] and Salamanca [7]. Porto has 8 spearmen, 4 knights. Salamanca has 13 spearmen, 1 archer.
  - I should reinforce Coimbra. But where from? Evora [2] to Faro [5] to ... wait, Evora connects to Faro. Faro connects to Badajoz and Sevilha. Not directly to Coimbra.
  - Coimbra connects to Santarem [1] and Porto [6] and Salamanca [7].
  - So I can send troops from Santarem to Coimbra. Santarem to Coimbra is 1 turn.
  - Let's send some troops from Santarem to Coimbra. But Santarem is also a border village.
  - Actually, I can send troops from Lisboa to Santarem, and from Santarem to Coimbra.
  - Or I can just build in Coimbra and keep them there.
- Vigo [10] is isolated. I cannot reinforce it without conquering Porto or Burgos.
  - Should I attack Porto [6] from Vigo [10]? Vigo has 1 spearman, 1 knight. Attack = 5. Porto def = 30. I would lose.
  - Should I attack Porto [6] from Coimbra [3]? Coimbra has 6 spearman, 1 archer. Attack = 8. Porto def = 30. I would lose.
  - So I need to build more in Coimbra before attacking Porto.
  - If I build 1 knight in Coimbra, I will have 6 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Attack = 6 + 2 + 4 = 12. Still not enough against 30.
  - I need to send reinforcements to Coimbra.
  - From where? Santarem [1] has 6 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. I can send some to Coimbra.
  - Let's send 2 spearman, 1 archer from Santarem to Coimbra.
  - Then Santarem will have 4 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Coimbra will have 8 spearman, 2 archers, 1 knight. Attack = 8 + 4 + 4 = 16. Still not enough for Porto (30), but better.
  - Actually, Porto has 8 spearmen, 4 knights. Def 30.
  - Salamanca has 13 spearmen, 1 archer. Def 35.
  - These are very strong. I should probably attack Badajoz [4] first, which has 5 spearmen, 3 knights. Def 20.
  - Badajoz is weaker.
  - To attack Badajoz, I can use Santarem [1] or Faro [5].
  - Santarem has 6 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. Attack = 14. Def 20. I need more.
  - If I send the knight from Lisboa to Santarem, Santarem will have 6 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knights. Attack = 6 + 4 + 8 = 18. Still slightly less than 20, but close.
  - If I also build 1 knight in Santarem, it will have 6 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knights. Attack = 6 + 4 + 12 = 22. This is > 20. I can win!
  - So plan: Build knight in Santarem. Send knight from Lisboa to Santarem. Then attack Badajoz from Santarem.
  - Wait, if I build knight in Santarem, it takes 1 turn to build. The knight from Lisboa takes 1 turn to march.
  - So next turn, Santarem will have the new knight and the knight from Lisboa.
  - Then I can attack Badajoz the turn after next.
  - But wait, orders are simultaneous. If I order the build in Santarem and the march from Lisboa to Santarem this turn, they will both complete next turn.
  - Then next turn, I can order the attack on Badajoz.
  - This seems like a good plan.

Let's look at Faro [5] and Sevilha [9].
My army from Faro to Sevilha is arriving this turn.
If I conquer Sevilha, I will have a new village.
Then I can send troops from Faro to Sevilha to reinforce it, and from Sevilha to Cordoba [11].
Cordoba [11] has 4 spearmen, 2 knights. Def unknown, but probably around 15.
If I send the troops from Faro (4 spearman, 1 archer) to Sevilha after it's conquered, they can reinforce it.
But wait, the army marching to Sevilha is 4 spearmen, 3 archers, 1 knight.
If it wins, it will occupy Sevilha. The troops will be in Sevilha.
Then I can send more from Faro to Sevilha.
But Faro has 4 spearman, 1 archer at home. I can send them to Sevilha next turn.
Let's check the distance: Faro to Sevilha is 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
So it takes 1 fast turn.
If I send them this turn, they will arrive next turn (if Sevilha is mine by then).
Wait, the army from Faro to Sevilha arrives this turn. So Sevilha will be mine this turn (after the battle).
So if I send troops from Faro to Sevilha this turn, they will march and arrive next turn, joining the garrison.
This is good.

What about Evora [2]?
Evora has 2 spearman. I can send them to Faro [5] to reinforce Faro, or keep them there.
Evora to Faro is 1 turn.
If I send them to Faro, Faro will have 6 spearman, 1 archer (plus the marching army that will be in Sevilha).
Actually, the marching army is 4 spearmen, 3 archers, 1 knight. So Faro will be left with 4 spearman, 1 archer.
If I send Evora's 2 spearman to Faro, Faro will have 6 spearman, 1 archer.
Then from Faro, I can attack Badajoz [4] or Sevilha [9] (if not yet conquered) or Cordoba [11] (via Sevilha).
But Badajoz can be attacked from Santarem.
Let's focus on Santarem -> Badajoz, and Faro -> Sevilha -> Cordoba.

Let's write down the specific orders:

Builds:
- Lisboa [0]: build 1 knight.
- Santarem [1]: build 1 knight.
- Evora [2]: build 1 knight.
- Coimbra [3]: build 1 knight.
- Faro [5]: build 1 knight.

Movements:
- From Lisboa [0] to Santarem [1]: send 1 knight (the one at home). Wait, Lisboa has 1 knight at home. I can send it to Santarem.
  - "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight"
  - So send 1 knight from [0] to [1].
- From Evora [2] to Faro [5]: send 2 spearman.
  - Evora has 2 spearman. Send them to Faro to reinforce it.
- From Faro [5] to Sevilha [9]: send 4 spearman, 1 archer (the ones at home).
  - Faro has 4 spearman, 1 archer at home. Send them to Sevilha to reinforce it after it's conquered.
- From Santarem [1] to Coimbra [3]: send some troops?
  - Santarem has 6 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight.
  - If I send 2 spearman, 1 archer to Coimbra, Santarem will have 4 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
  - Coimbra will have 8 spearman, 2 archers, 1 knight.
  - This strengthens Coimbra for an attack on Porto or Salamanca.
  - But I also need Santarem to be strong for Badajoz.
  - If I build 1 knight in Santarem, and send the knight from Lisboa, Santarem will have 4 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight (at home) + 1 knight (from Lisboa) + 1 knight (newly built) = 4 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knights. Attack = 4 + 2 + 12 = 18. Still slightly less than 20.
  - Wait, if I don't send troops from Santarem to Coimbra, Santarem will have 6 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight (at home) + 1 knight (from Lisboa) + 1 knight (newly built) = 6 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knights. Attack = 6 + 4 + 12 = 22. This is > 20. So I can attack Badajoz!
  - So I should NOT send troops from Santarem to Coimbra. Keep Santarem strong.
  - What about Coimbra? It has 6 spearman, 1 archer. If I build 1 knight, it will have 6 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Attack = 8 + 4 = 12. Not enough for Porto (30) or Salamanca (35).
  - But I can just defend Coimbra for now. The enemy might attack it.
  - Coimbra's defense: village bonus x1.25. Effective defense is 18.
  - If the enemy attacks Coimbra with 8 spearmen, 4 knights (Porto's garrison), their attack is 8*1 + 4*4 = 24. My defense is 18. They would win.
  - So I need to reinforce Coimbra.
  - Where from? I can send troops from Santarem, but that weakens Santarem.
  - Can I send troops from Lisboa to Santarem, and then from Santarem to Coimbra?
  - Lisboa has 1 knight. Send to Santarem. Santarem has 6 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. Send 2 spearman, 1 archer to Coimbra.
  - Then Santarem has 4 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight (at home) + 1 knight (from Lisboa) + 1 knight (newly built) = 4 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knights. Attack = 4 + 2 + 12 = 18. Still good for Badajoz (def 20)? 18 < 20, so I would lose.
  - Wait, if I attack Badajoz, I count my ATTACK. Badajoz defense is 20.
  - If my attack is 18, I lose.
  - So I need Santarem to have at least 20 attack.
  - 6 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knights = 6 + 4 + 12 = 22. This is > 20.
  - So I must keep 6 spearman, 2 archer in Santarem.
  - Can I send the newly built knight from Santarem to Coimbra? No, then Santarem won't have 3 knights.
  - What if I build archers instead of knights in Santarem?
  - Santarem has 30 wood, 70 iron. Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Leaves 10 wood, 60 iron.
  - Then Santarem has 6 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. Attack = 6 + 6 + 4 = 16. Still < 20.
  - If I also send the knight from Lisboa: 6 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knights. Attack = 6 + 6 + 8 = 20. Exactly 20. Tie favors defender, so I might lose.
  - So knights are better for attack.
  - Let's stick to building knights.
  - If I don't send troops to Coimbra, Coimbra might fall if the enemy attacks.
  - But does the enemy have enough troops to attack Coimbra?
  - Porto has 8 spearmen, 4 knights. Salamanca has 13 spearmen, 1 archer.
  - If they both attack Coimbra, it will fall.
  - But they might also attack other places.
  - I can try to attack Porto from Vigo [10] to distract, but Vigo is too weak.
  - I can try to attack Badajoz from Santarem to force the enemy to defend there, instead of attacking Coimbra.
  - If I attack Badajoz, the enemy might send reinforcements to Badajoz, or they might attack Coimbra in response.
  - Since orders are simultaneous, the enemy doesn't know I am attacking Badajoz until after I order it.
  - So they will just follow their own plan.
  - Let's look at the enemy's last turn:
    - King B attacked [9] Sevilha: VICTORY, conquered.
    - King B attacked [6] Porto: VICTORY, conquered.
    - King B attacked [14] Burgos: VICTORY, conquered.
    - King B attacked [9] Sevilha: DEFEAT (twice).
  - It seems King B is focusing on the south (Sevilha) and north (Porto, Burgos).
  - Maybe they will continue attacking Sevilha or other southern villages.
  - My army is marching to Sevilha. If I win, Sevilha becomes mine. Then King B might try to retake it.
  - So I should reinforce Sevilha.
  - I already plan to send 4 spearman, 1 archer from Faro to Sevilha.
  - What about Coimbra? I can just build 1 knight there and hope the enemy doesn't attack, or if they do, I have some defense.
  - Actually, I can send the newly built knight from Coimbra to Porto? No, Porto is enemy, so the army would stop at Porto and fight. But Coimbra to Porto is 1 turn. If I send the knight, it will fight Porto alone and lose.
  - So I shouldn't send troops to attack Porto yet.

Let's review the movements I plan:
1. [0] Lisboa -> [1] Santarem: 1 knight.
2. [2] Evora -> [5] Faro: 2 spearman.
3. [5] Faro -> [9] Sevilha: 4 spearman, 1 archer.
4. [10] Vigo -> ? Vigo has 1 spearman, 1 knight. Should I send them somewhere?
   - Vigo borders Porto [6] and Burgos [14].
   - If I send them to Porto [6], they will fight Porto. Attack = 5. Def = 30. They will die.
   - If I send them to Burgos [14], they will fight Burgos. Attack = 5. Def = 18. They will die.
   - So I should keep them in Vigo to defend it. Or send them to... nowhere else.
   - So no movement from Vigo.

Wait, what about the army already marching to Sevilha [9]?
It is 4 spearmen, 3 archers, 1 knight from Faro [5].
It arrives this turn.
Do I need to order anything for it? No, it's already on the march.
But wait, the report says:
"=== ORDERS OF YOURS ADJUSTED LAST TURN ===
- envio [0]->[1]: FOI executado, com a quantidade reduzida ao estoque real (pediu 1 cavaleiro, enviado 0)
- envio [5]->[9]: FOI executado, com a quantidade reduzida ao estoque real (pediu 5 lanceiro, enviado 4)"
Ah! Last turn I ordered [5]->[9] with 5 lanceiros (spearmen), but only 4 were sent.
And [0]->[1] with 1 knight, but 0 were sent because Lisboa didn't have a knight at home? Wait, Lisboa had 1 knight at home. But the order was adjusted to 0. Why?
"AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight"
Maybe the knight was already sent or something? Or maybe the order was for a different type?
Anyway, the report says: "envio [5]->[9]: FOI executado, com a quantidade reduzida ao estoque real (pediu 5 lanceiro, enviado 4)".
And the army on march is: "4 spearmen, 3 archers, 1 knight: [5] -> [9], arrives in 1 turn".
So it's already marching. I don't need to order it again.

Let's double check the builds.
I have:
- Lisboa [0]: wood 30, iron 50. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). OK.
- Santarem [1]: wood 30, iron 70. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). OK.
- Evora [2]: wood 40, iron 90. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). OK.
- Coimbra [3]: wood 40, iron 80. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). OK.
- Faro [5]: wood 30, iron 70. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). OK.

Wait, can I build more than 1 knight in some villages?
Lisboa: 30 wood, 50 iron. 1 knight uses 30 wood, 30 iron. Leaves 0 wood, 20 iron. Cannot build another knight (needs 30 wood). Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron)? I have 0 wood left. So only 1 knight.
Santarem: 30 wood, 70 iron. 1 knight uses 30 wood, 30 iron. Leaves 0 wood, 40 iron. Only 1 knight.
Evora: 40 wood, 90 iron. 1 knight uses 30 wood, 30 iron. Leaves 10 wood, 60 iron. Cannot build another knight (needs 30 wood). Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron)? I have 10 wood, so no. Can build 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron)? I have 10 wood, so no. So only 1 knight.
Coimbra: 40 wood, 80 iron. 1 knight uses 30 wood, 30 iron. Leaves 10 wood, 50 iron. Only 1 knight.
Faro: 30 wood, 70 iron. 1 knight uses 30 wood, 30 iron. Leaves 0 wood, 40 iron. Only 1 knight.

So I can only build 1 knight per village.
Total 5 knights.

What about archers?
If I build archers instead of knights in some villages, I can get more troops.
But knights are more powerful (attack 4 vs 2).
Let's see if I should build archers in Evora or Coimbra.
Evora: 40 wood, 90 iron. If I build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron), I get 2 archers.
If I build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron), I get 1 knight.
1 knight has attack 4, defense 2.
2 archers have attack 4, defense 4.
So 2 archers are better defensively, and equal offensively.
But knights are faster (fast vs medium). Speed matters for marching.
However, I can only send troops from Evora to Faro (1 turn). Speed doesn't matter much for 1 turn.
But if I want to attack Badajoz from Faro, I might want knights.
Let's stick to 1 knight per village for simplicity and power.

Let's check the movements again.
I want to send:
- [0] -> [1]: 1 knight.
- [2] -> [5]: 2 spearman.
- [5] -> [9]: 4 spearman, 1 archer.

Wait, if I send 4 spearman, 1 archer from Faro [5] to Sevilha [9], Faro will be left with 0 spearman, 0 archer.
But Faro just built 1 knight. So Faro will have 1 knight at home.
Is that okay? Yes, the knight can defend Faro.
But wait, Faro's effective defense is 13. With 1 knight, it's not much.
But Sevilha is the target. If I conquer Sevilha, it becomes my border village.
Then I can send more troops there later.

What about Coimbra [3]?
It has 6 spearman, 1 archer. I build 1 knight. So it will have 6 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
Should I send any troops from Coimbra?
Coimbra borders Porto [6] and Salamanca [7].
If I send troops to Porto, they will fight and lose.
If I send troops to Salamanca, they will fight and lose.
So I should keep them in Coimbra to defend it.

What about Vigo [10]?
It has 1 spearman, 1 knight.
Should I send them to Porto [6] or Burgos [14]?
If I send them, they will die. So I should keep them in Vigo to defend it.
Vigo's effective defense is 5. With 1 spearman, 1 knight, it's weak, but it's something.

Let's write the plan and statement.

Plan:
"I am building knights in all my villages to increase my offensive power. I am sending the knight from Lisboa to Santarem to prepare for an attack on Badajoz. I am sending troops from Evora to Faro, and from Faro to Sevilha to reinforce the newly conquered village. I will focus on expanding south through Sevilha and Cordoba, while preparing to attack Badajoz from Santarem. I will not attack Porto or Salamanca yet as they are too strong."

Statement:
"This turn, my army conquered Sevilha, securing a vital southern foothold. I have built knights across my realm to bolster my forces. I am reinforcing my borders and preparing for the next push into enemy territory, aiming to expand my territory and secure the victory."

Let's refine the JSON.

Builds:
[
  {"villageId": 0, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 1, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 2, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 3, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 5, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
]

Movements:
[
  {"fromId": 0, "toId": 1, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
  {"fromId": 2, "toId": 5, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
  {"fromId": 5, "toId": 9, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}}
]

Wait, Faro [5] has 4 spearman, 1 archer at home.
If I send them to Sevilha [9], that's fine.
But wait, the army already marching to Sevilha is 4 spearmen, 3 archers, 1 knight.
If I send 4 spearman, 1 archer now, they will arrive next turn.
The first army arrives this turn and fights. If it wins, Sevilha is mine.
Then the second army arrives next turn and joins the garrison.
This is correct.

Let's double check if I can send 4 spearman, 1 archer from Faro.
"AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 4 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight"
Yes, exactly.

Let's double check Evora [2]:
"AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight"
Yes, I can send 2 spearman.

Let's double check Lisboa [0]:
"AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight"
Yes, I can send 1 knight.

Let's double check the resources for builds:
- Lisboa [0]: wood 30, iron 50. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. OK.
- Santarem [1]: wood 30, iron 70. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. OK.
- Evora [2]: wood 40, iron 90. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. OK.
- Coimbra [3]: wood 40, iron 80. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. OK.
- Faro [5]: wood 30, iron 70. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. OK.

Everything looks valid.

Let's review the win condition:
"hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village."
I currently hold 6. If I conquer Sevilha, I will hold 7.
I need to conquer 11 more.
The plan is to expand slowly, building up forces.
The note to myself should be concise.

Plan text:
"Building knights in all villages to boost army. Sending Lisboa's knight to Santarem to prepare for attack on Badajoz. Sending Evora's spearman to Faro, and Faro's troops to Sevilha to reinforce after conquest. Focus on south expansion via Sevilha to Cordoba. Do not attack Porto or Salamanca yet, too strong. Keep Vigo defended."

Statement text:
"My forces have conquered Sevilha, expanding my territory to 7 villages. I am building knights across the realm to prepare for the next major push. Reinforcements are moving to secure the new southern border and strengthen Santarem for the upcoming assault on Badajoz."

Let's check the character limits.
Plan: "Building knights in all villages to boost army. Sending Lisboa's knight to Santarem to prepare for attack on Badajoz. Sending Evora's spearman to Faro, and Faro's troops to Sevilha to reinforce after conquest. Focus on south expansion via Sevilha to Cordoba. Do not attack Porto or Salamanca yet, too strong. Keep Vigo defended." -> ~350 characters. OK.
Statement: "My forces have conquered Sevilha, expanding my territory to 7 villages. I am building knights across the realm to prepare for the next major push. Reinforcements are moving to secure the new southern border and strengthen Santarem for the upcoming assault on Badajoz." -> ~280 characters. OK.

Let's ensure the JSON is valid and matches the requested format exactly.

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 3, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 5, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 0, "toId": 1, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 2, "toId": 5, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 5, "toId": 9, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}}
  ],
  "plan": "Building knights in all villages to boost army. Sending Lisboa's knight to Santarem to prepare for attack on Badajoz. Sending Evora's spearman to Faro, and Faro's troops to Sevilha to reinforce after conquest. Focus on south expansion via Sevilha to Cordoba. Do not attack Porto or Salamanca yet, too strong. Keep Vigo defended.",
  "statement": "My forces have conquered Sevilha, expanding my territory to 7 villages. I am building knights across the realm to prepare for the next major push. Reinforcements are moving to secure the new southern border and strengthen Santarem for the upcoming assault on Badajoz."
}

Looks good. I will output only the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"cavaleiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":0,"destinoId":1,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":2,"destinoId":5,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":5,"destinoId":9,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":0}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [0]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [1]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [2]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [3]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [5]
ACEITO envio [0]->[1]: 1K
ACEITO envio [2]->[5]: 2S
ACEITO envio [5]->[9]: 4S+1A
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Building knights in all villages to boost army. Sending Lisboa's knight to Santarem to prepare for attack on Badajoz. Sending Evora's spearman to Faro, and Faro's troops to Sevilha to reinforce after conquest. Focus on south expansion via Sevilha to Cordoba. Do not attack Porto or Salamanca yet, too strong. Keep Vigo defended.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): My forces have conquered Sevilha, expanding my territory to 7 villages. I am building knights across the realm to prepare for the next major push. Reinforcements are moving to secure the new southern border and strengthen Santarem for the upcoming assault on Badajoz.
########## TURNO 13 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4922 | resposta 14242 | raciocinio 10948 | finish stop | ms 151640
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 12, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 15, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 7, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 8, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 11, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 9, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 11, \"toId\": 9, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 8, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"We have reached the victory threshold of 18 villages. This turn is purely defensive to secure the win condition of holding 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns. The enemy is attacking Sevilha, so we send all 8 spearman from Cordoba to reinforce it. We do not weaken other border villages like Badajoz to keep our defenses strong. We build spearman in all possible villages to grow our army for future operations.\",\n  \"statement\": \"We have reached the victory threshold of 18 villages! Now we must hold the line. The enemy is attacking Sevilha, so we are rushing all available spearman from Cordoba to reinforce it and repel the assault. We keep our other borders strong and build spearman across the empire to ensure we have the manpower to defend our hard-won territory.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B in a turn-based strategy game.
First, analyze the state of the game:
- I hold 18 of 24 villages (75%). To win, I need to hold at least 18 of the 24 villages for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.
- I currently hold 18 of 24. Let's list my villages:
  Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Castellon, Zaragoza, Huesca, Valencia, Teruel, Madrid, Murcia, Pamplona, Burgos, Salamanca, Toledo, Cordoba, Badajoz, Porto, Sevilha. (Total 18).
  Enemy villages:
  Vigo (enemy), Coimbra (enemy), Faro (enemy), Santarem (enemy), Lisboa (enemy capital, unexplored), Evora (unexplored).
  Wait, the total number of villages on the map is 24 (indices 0 to 23).
  My villages: 18.
  Enemy/neutral: Lisboa (0), Santarem (1), Evora (2), Coimbra (3), Faro (5), Vigo (10). That's 6 enemy/neutral villages. 18 + 6 = 24.
  So the enemy has: Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, Coimbra, Faro, Vigo.
  Wait, last turn:
  "King A attacked [10] Vigo: VICTORY, conquered" - but Vigo is listed as ENEMY (King A) in "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE". Ah, wait, "King A attacked [10] Vigo: VICTORY, conquered" might mean King A conquered it from someone else, or maybe it was neutral? No, it says "King A attacked [10] Vigo: VICTORY, conquered". So Vigo is King A's.
  "You attacked [6] Porto: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 3 troops)" - Porto is mine now.
  "You attacked [14] Burgos: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 4 troops)" - Burgos is mine.
  "You attacked [9] Sevilha: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 2 troops)" - Sevilha is mine.
  So I have 18 villages. If I hold 18 of 24 for 2 consecutive turns, I win. I need to keep my 18 villages and defend them, or capture more. But wait, if I hold 18, and the enemy holds 6, and I hold 18 for 2 consecutive turns, I win. I just need to survive this turn and next turn holding 18, or conquer more.
  Let's look at the enemy's movements:
  "enemy army marching toward [9] Sevilha, arrives in 1 turn"
  Sevilha is mine! The enemy is attacking Sevilha.
  Let's check Sevilha's defense and troop count:
  Sevilha: wood 40, iron 80, effective defense 10, troops at home: 4 / 300. Available to send: 3 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight.
  If the enemy army is marching toward Sevilha and arrives in 1 turn, I need to defend Sevilha or reinforce it.
  Let's look at the road network for Sevilha:
  [9] Sevilha is connected to [4] Badajoz, [5] Faro, [11] Cordoba.
  Enemy army is marching toward [9] Sevilha, arrives in 1 turn.
  Can I send reinforcements to Sevilha?
  From Cordoba [11] to Sevilha [9]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
  Cordoba has: 8 spearman. Available to send: 8 spearman.
  From Badajoz [4] to Sevilha [9]: wait, road network says: [4] Badajoz connects to [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. So Badajoz to Sevilha is also 1 turn.
  Badajoz has: 8 spearman, 3 knight. Available to send: 5 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight.
  Let's check the enemy army size marching toward Sevilha. The report doesn't specify the exact size of the army marching toward Sevilha, just says "enemy army marching toward [9] Sevilha, arrives in 1 turn".
  Wait, can I send reinforcements to Sevilha to help defend it?
  If I send troops from Cordoba [11] to Sevilha [9], they will arrive in 1 turn (since it's 1 slow/medium/fast turn). Wait, the enemy army arrives in 1 turn. Will my reinforcements arrive in the same turn and fight, or do they fight sequentially?
  "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
  But if I send from Cordoba to Sevilha, they arrive and join the garrison. The garrison fights the attacker. Or do they fight on arrival?
  "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements."
  So if I send troops to Sevilha, they arrive and join the garrison before the enemy attacks, or do they arrive at the same time?
  Usually, if they are sent to a village I own, they arrive and join the garrison. The enemy army arrives and attacks the garrison (which now includes my reinforcements).
  Let's check the timing. If the enemy arrives in 1 turn, and my troops from Cordoba take 1 turn, they should arrive at the same time or just in time to defend.
  Wait, let's look at other fronts.
  What about Vigo, Coimbra, Faro, Santarem, Lisboa, Evora?
  Lisboa and Evora are unexplored.
  The enemy has:
  [10] Vigo: 1 spearman, 1 knight, defense 5.
  [3] Coimbra: 6 spearmen, 1 archer, defense 18.
  [5] Faro: 4 spearmen, 1 archer, defense 13.
  [1] Santarem: 6 spearmen, 2 archers, 1 knight, defense 23.
  And the capital [0] Lisboa is unexplored.
  [2] Evora is unexplored.
  Wait, the enemy capital is Lisboa. Taking it is not required to win, but eliminating every enemy village is an alternative win condition. Currently, I hold 18, they hold 6 (including capital). If I hold 18 for 2 consecutive turns, I win. So I just need to defend my 18 villages and not lose any.
  Wait, is it "hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns"? Yes!
  So I just need to make sure I don't lose any villages this turn.
  Which villages are under threat?
  Sevilha is being attacked by an enemy army arriving in 1 turn.
  Are any other of my villages under threat?
  The report says:
  "ARMIES ON THE MARCH
  YOURS: none
  ENEMY (only what your watchmen can see):
  - enemy army marching toward [9] Sevilha, arrives in 1 turn"
  So only Sevilha is currently under direct threat of attack next turn.
  Let's look at Sevilha's defenses and what I can send.
  Sevilha has: 4 troops at home (3 spearman, 1 knight? The text says: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 3 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight (attack power if all sent: 7)" and "troops at home: 4 / 300". So 3 spearman and 1 knight are at home).
  Wait, if I send reinforcements from Cordoba [11] or Badajoz [4] to Sevilha [9], they will arrive and reinforce it.
  Let's check Cordoba's troops: 8 spearman. I can send some spearman to Sevilha.
  Let's check Badajoz's troops: 8 spearman, 3 knight. I can send some to Sevilha.
  Wait, Badajoz is a border village with [1] Santarem and [5] Faro. If I empty Badajoz, is it safe?
  Santarem has 6 spearmen, 2 archers, 1 knight (defense 23). Faro has 4 spearmen, 1 archer (defense 13). If they attack Badajoz, and I have no troops there, they could take it. But Badajoz currently has 8 troops at home. If I send some away, I should leave enough to defend it if attacked, but the enemy is not marching towards Badajoz currently. The only marching enemy army is toward Sevilha.
  Wait, the enemy writes their orders at the same time as me, over the same snapshot. So they might order attacks on other villages this turn, but I don't see them in the report because they are written simultaneously. However, the report says "enemy army marching toward [9] Sevilha, arrives in 1 turn" - this is an army already on the march from last turn.
  Are there any other armies on the march? "enemy army marching toward [9] Sevilha, arrives in 1 turn" is the only one listed under "ENEMY (only what your watchmen can see)".
  So the only active threat is the army marching towards Sevilha.
  To defend Sevilha, I should send reinforcements.
  From where? Cordoba [11] is 1 turn away. Badajoz [4] is 1 turn away.
  Let's look at the distance:
  Cordoba to Sevilha: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
  Badajoz to Sevilha: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
  Let's send some spearman from Cordoba to Sevilha. Cordoba has 8 spearman. Let's send, say, 6 spearman from Cordoba to Sevilha.
  And maybe some from Badajoz? Badajoz has 5 spearman, 3 knight available. Let's send 4 spearman and 2 knight from Badajoz to Sevilha? Or just from Cordoba.
  Wait, what is the composition of the enemy army marching on Sevilha? It doesn't say. But Sevilha's effective defense is 10. The garrison is 3 spearman, 1 knight.
  If I send 6 spearman from Cordoba, the garrison will have 9 spearman, 1 knight. Effective defense of Sevilha is 10 (village bonus included).
  Let's calculate the defense: 9 spearman (defense 2 each, but wait, the most numerous type sets the counter matchup. Here it's spearman. Spearman vs what? We don't know the enemy's army composition, but if they have knights, spearman counters knight (1.5x). If they have archers, archer counters spearman.
  Wait, the effective defense is already calculated and given as 10. But that's for the current garrison (4 troops). With more troops, the defense will increase.
  Let's check the troop types:
  spearman: attack 1, defense 2.
  archer: attack 2, defense 2.
  knight: attack 4, defense 2.
  In defense, the defender counts their DEFENSE.
  If I have 9 spearman and 1 knight, the most numerous is spearman. The defense is 9 * 2 = 18, plus location bonus?
  "effective defense (location bonus included): 10" for 4 troops. 4 troops * 2 defense = 8. Location bonus seems to be 1.25x or something? 8 * 1.25 = 10.
  If I have 9 spearman, defense is 9 * 2 = 18. With 1.25 bonus, it's 22.5, say 22 or 23.
  This should be enough to hold against a small enemy army.
  Let's send 6 spearman from Cordoba [11] to Sevilha [9].
  And maybe 3 spearman from Badajoz [4] to Sevilha [9]? Or just from Cordoba.
  Let's look at Badajoz's position. Badajoz is a border village. It has 8 troops at home (5 spearman, 3 knight). If I send some, I should keep some for defense. But since no enemy army is marching on Badajoz, I can safely send some.
  Let's send 4 spearman from Badajoz to Sevilha.
  Wait, can I send knights? Knights are fast, but cost 30 wood + 30 iron.
  Let's check Badajoz's resources: wood 30, iron 100. It can afford knights. But do I need to build more?
  "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."
  Let's look at the build orders.
  I need to keep building troops to maintain my army.
  My villages have wood and iron.
  Let's check the production:
  Each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn.
  Let's look at the current resources of my villages:
  Barcelona: wood 40, iron 100.
  Tarragona: wood 40, iron 90.
  Girona: wood 40, iron 110.
  Castellon: wood 30, iron 110.
  Zaragoza: wood 40, iron 130.
  Huesca: wood 40, iron 110.
  Valencia: wood 30, iron 100.
  Teruel: wood 30, iron 110.
  Madrid: wood 40, iron 110.
  Murcia: wood 30, iron 40.
  Pamplona: wood 70, iron 110.
  Burgos: wood 0, iron 0. (Wait, Burgos has wood 0, iron 0? Ah, "wood 0 (+30/turn) | iron 0 (+20/turn)". It means it has 0 stock, but produces 30 and 20. So it cannot build anything this turn because it has 0 stock! Wait, "Resources belong to EACH village (there is no shared treasury): a village pays for its own builds from its own stock." So Burgos has 0 stock, it cannot build this turn. It will have 30 wood and 20 iron next turn).
  Salamanca: wood 30, iron 70.
  Toledo: wood 30, iron 110.
  Cordoba: wood 30, iron 80.
  Badajoz: wood 30, iron 100.
  Porto: wood 30, iron 30.
  Sevilha: wood 40, iron 80.

  Let's see what I can build.
  spearman costs 15 wood + 0 iron.
  archer costs 20 wood + 10 iron.
  knight costs 30 wood + 30 iron.

  Let's build spearman in villages that have enough wood and iron, and have space (troops at home < 300).
  All my villages have troops at home well below 300 (max is 14 in Madrid and Salamanca).
  Let's build spearman in:
  Barcelona: wood 40, iron 100. Can build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood). Or 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron). Let's build 2 spearman.
  Tarragona: wood 40, iron 90. Build 2 spearman.
  Girona: wood 40, iron 110. Build 2 spearman.
  Castellon: wood 30, iron 110. Build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood).
  Zaragoza: wood 40, iron 130. Build 2 spearman.
  Huesca: wood 40, iron 110. Build 2 spearman.
  Valencia: wood 30, iron 100. Build 2 spearman.
  Teruel: wood 30, iron 110. Build 2 spearman.
  Madrid: wood 40, iron 110. Build 2 spearman.
  Murcia: wood 30, iron 40. Build 2 spearman.
  Pamplona: wood 70, iron 110. Build 4 spearman (cost 60 wood).
  Salamanca: wood 30, iron 70. Build 2 spearman.
  Toledo: wood 30, iron 110. Build 2 spearman.
  Cordoba: wood 30, iron 80. Build 2 spearman.
  Badajoz: wood 30, iron 100. Build 2 spearman.
  Porto: wood 30, iron 30. Build 2 spearman.
  Sevilha: wood 40, iron 80. Build 2 spearman.

  Wait, is it better to build archers or knights?
  Knights are much better (attack 4, defense 2, fast), but cost 30 wood + 30 iron.
  Let's see which villages can afford knights:
  Barcelona: wood 40, iron 100. Can build 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron).
  Tarragona: wood 40, iron 90. Can build 1 knight.
  Girona: wood 40, iron 110. Can build 1 knight.
  Castellon: wood 30, iron 110. Can build 1 knight.
  Zaragoza: wood 40, iron 130. Can build 1 knight.
  Huesca: wood 40, iron 110. Can build 1 knight.
  Valencia: wood 30, iron 100. Can build 1 knight.
  Teruel: wood 30, iron 110. Can build 1 knight.
  Madrid: wood 40, iron 110. Can build 1 knight.
  Pamplona: wood 70, iron 110. Can build 2 knights (cost 60 wood, 60 iron).
  Salamanca: wood 30, iron 70. Can build 1 knight.
  Toledo: wood 30, iron 110. Can build 1 knight.
  Cordoba: wood 30, iron 80. Can build 1 knight.
  Badajoz: wood 30, iron 100. Can build 1 knight.
  Porto: wood 30, iron 30. Can build 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron).
  Sevilha: wood 40, iron 80. Can build 1 knight.

  Building knights is very expensive but they are much stronger. However, since I already have 18 villages and just need to hold them for 2 turns, maybe building spearman is more efficient to quickly reinforce the borders.
  Wait, the enemy has knights and archers too. But my spearman are numerous.
  Let's look at the plan from last turn:
  "Focus on three fronts this turn: attack Porto from Salamanca, Burgos from Madrid, and Sevilha from Cordoba to finish the southern push. Send reinforcements from Toledo to Cordoba and Zaragoza to Madrid to maintain momentum. Build spearmen in all villages to grow our army. Aim to capture Porto, Burgos, and Sevilha next turn to reach 18 villages and secure the win condition."
  Ah! Last turn I attacked Porto, Burgos, and Sevilha and conquered them! So now I have 18 villages.
  The plan says "to reach 18 villages and secure the win condition." I have reached 18 villages!
  Now I need to HOLD 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns.
  So this turn, my main goal is DEFENSE. I must not lose any village.
  The enemy is attacking Sevilha. I must reinforce Sevilha.
  Are there any other threats?
  Let's look at the enemy villages:
  [1] Santarem: defense 23, 6 spearmen, 2 archers, 1 knight.
  [3] Coimbra: defense 18, 6 spearmen, 1 archer.
  [5] Faro: defense 13, 4 spearmen, 1 archer.
  [10] Vigo: defense 5, 1 spearman, 1 knight.
  [0] Lisboa: capital, unknown.
  [2] Evora: unexplored.

  My border villages:
  [14] Burgos: border with [10] Vigo. Defense 18, 7 troops.
  [7] Salamanca: border with [3] Coimbra. Defense 35, 14 troops.
  [4] Badajoz: border with [1] Santarem, [5] Faro. Defense 20, 8 troops.
  [6] Porto: border with [3] Coimbra, [10] Vigo. Defense 30, 12 troops.
  [9] Sevilha: border with [5] Faro. Defense 10, 4 troops. (Being attacked!)

  Let's reinforce the border villages to make sure they can defend themselves if attacked next turn.
  Specifically, Sevilha is being attacked this turn. I must send reinforcements to Sevilha.
  I can send from Cordoba [11] and Badajoz [4].
  Let's send 6 spearman from Cordoba [11] to Sevilha [9].
  Cordoba has 8 spearman. Sending 6 leaves 2, which is fine since no enemy is marching on Cordoba.
  Let's also send 4 spearman and 2 knight from Badajoz [4] to Sevilha [9].
  Badajoz has 5 spearman, 3 knight. Sending 4 spearman and 2 knight leaves 1 spearman, 1 knight in Badajoz. Badajoz is border with Santarem and Faro. Leaving only 1 spearman and 1 knight might be risky if they attack Badajoz. But Santarem and Faro are not currently marching on Badajoz. However, they might order an attack this turn.
  To be safe, maybe I should send fewer from Badajoz, or send from somewhere else?
  Is there another village close to Sevilha?
  Sevilha connects to [4] Badajoz, [5] Faro, [11] Cordoba.
  So only Badajoz and Cordoba are 1 turn away.
  What about [8] Toledo? Toledo connects to [4], [11], [12], [13]. So Toledo to Cordoba is 1 turn, Cordoba to Sevilha is 1 turn. Total 2 turns. Too slow.
  So only Badajoz and Cordoba can reach Sevilha in 1 turn.
  Let's send 6 spearman from Cordoba to Sevilha.
  And from Badajoz, let's send 3 spearman and 1 knight to Sevilha. This leaves 2 spearman and 2 knight in Badajoz, which is a decent defense (defense 2 * 2 = 4, plus knight, plus village bonus).
  Wait, let's look at the enemy army marching on Sevilha. It says "enemy army marching toward [9] Sevilha, arrives in 1 turn". It doesn't specify the size, but usually it's a mix. With 6 spearman from Cordoba and 3 spearman, 1 knight from Badajha, plus the existing 3 spearman, 1 knight in Sevilha, the garrison will be:
  Spearman: 6 (from Cordoba) + 3 (from Badajoz) + 3 (existing) = 12 spearman.
  Knight: 1 (from Badajoz) + 1 (existing) = 2 knights.
  Total 14 troops. This is a very strong garrison for Sevilha (defense 10 currently with 4 troops, with 14 troops it will be much higher, probably around 30+).
  This should easily hold Sevilha.

  Let's check if I should send any troops to other border villages just in case.
  Salamanca [7] has 14 troops (13 spearman, 1 archer). It borders Coimbra [3] (6 spearmen, 1 archer). Salamanca's defense is 35, which is very high. It is safe.
  Porto [6] has 12 troops (8 spearman, 4 knight). It borders Coimbra and Vigo. Defense 30. Safe.
  Burgos [14] has 7 troops (5 spearman, 2 archer). It borders Vigo (1 spearman, 1 knight). Defense 18. Safe.
  Badajoz [4] will have 2 spearman, 2 knight left. Defense 20. It borders Santarem (6 spearmen, 2 archers, 1 knight) and Faro (4 spearmen, 1 archer). If both attack Badajoz, 2 spearman and 2 knight might not be enough. But they are not currently marching on Badajoz, and they can only attack one village at a time per army. Since the only marching army is towards Sevilha, Badajoz is likely safe this turn.
  Wait, can the enemy attack multiple villages? Yes, they can send armies from different villages. But we don't see their orders. We only see the army marching on Sevilha.
  To be safe, should I reinforce Badajoz?
  I can send troops from Toledo [8] to Badajoz [4]. Toledo to Badajoz is 1 turn.
  Toledo has 2 spearman. I can send them to Badajoz.
  But if I send them, Badajoz will have 4 spearman, 2 knight. That's better.
  Let's send 2 spearman from Toledo [8] to Badajoz [4].
  Wait, Toledo is interior, so it's safe.
  Let's check the movement rules: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination."
  Since Badajoz is mine, troops from Toledo to Badajoz will just arrive and join the garrison.

  Let's review the builds.
  I should build troops to replenish and grow my army.
  Since I need to hold 18 villages, having a strong army is key.
  Let's build spearman in all villages that can afford it.
  Let's list the builds:
  Barcelona: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood)
  Tarragona: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood)
  Girona: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood)
  Castellon: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood)
  Zaragoza: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood)
  Huesca: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood)
  Valencia: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood)
  Teruel: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood)
  Madrid: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood)
  Murcia: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood)
  Pamplona: 4 spearman (cost 60 wood)
  Salamanca: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood)
  Toledo: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood)
  Cordoba: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood)
  Badajoz: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood)
  Porto: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood)
  Sevilha: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood)

  Wait, Burgos has wood 0, iron 0. So I cannot build in Burgos this turn.
  Let's check if I should build knights instead of spearman in some villages.
  Knights are much better, but cost 30 wood + 30 iron.
  Let's see which villages have excess iron and wood.
  Pamplona: wood 70, iron 110. Can build 2 knights (cost 60 wood, 60 iron). This is very good because Pamplona is interior and safe, so I can build knights there and then move them to the border later.
  Madrid: wood 40, iron 110. Can build 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron).
  Girona: wood 40, iron 110. Can build 1 knight.
  Zaragoza: wood 40, iron 130. Can build 1 knight.
  Huesca: wood 40, iron 110. Can build 1 knight.
  Barcelona: wood 40, iron 100. Can build 1 knight.
  Tarragona: wood 40, iron 90. Can build 1 knight.
  Castellon: wood 30, iron 110. Can build 1 knight.
  Valencia: wood 30, iron 100. Can build 1 knight.
  Teruel: wood 30, iron 110. Can build 1 knight.
  Salamanca: wood 30, iron 70. Can build 1 knight.
  Toledo: wood 30, iron 110. Can build 1 knight.
  Cordoba: wood 30, iron 80. Can build 1 knight.
  Badajoz: wood 30, iron 100. Can build 1 knight.
  Porto: wood 30, iron 30. Can build 1 knight.
  Sevilha: wood 40, iron 80. Can build 1 knight.

  If I build knights, I spend 30 wood and 30 iron, leaving less for spearman.
  But knights are much more valuable.
  Let's build 1 knight in Pamplona, Madrid, Girona, Zaragoza, Huesca, Barcelona, Tarragona, Castellon, Valencia, Teruel, Salamanca, Toledo, Cordoba, Badajoz, Porto, Sevilha.
  Wait, if I build 1 knight in all of them, that's 16 knights!
  Let's check the wood and iron cost:
  For villages with wood 30, iron 100+: building 1 knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Leaves 0 wood, 70 iron. I cannot build spearman because spearman costs 15 wood.
  So I have to choose: either build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood) or 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron).
  Since I already have a lot of spearman (94 spearman, 5 archer, 11 knight), maybe building more knights is better to increase my offensive/defensive power, especially since knights are fast and have high attack.
  But spearman are cheaper and I have 94 of them. More spearman means more bodies.
  Let's look at the enemy's strength:
  Santarem: 6 spearmen, 2 archers, 1 knight.
  Coimbra: 6 spearmen, 1 archer.
  Faro: 4 spearmen, 1 archer.
  Vigo: 1 spearman, 1 knight.
  The enemy has mostly spearman and archers, with a few knights.
  My army has 94 spearman, 5 archer, 11 knight.
  If I build more spearman, I will have an overwhelming number of spearman.
  Let's build spearman in most villages, and maybe knights in the richest ones.
  Let's build 2 spearman in:
  Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Castellon, Zaragoza, Huesca, Valencia, Teruel, Madrid, Murcia, Salamanca, Toledo, Cordoba, Badajoz, Porto, Sevilha.
  And in Pamplona, build 4 spearman (since it has 70 wood, it can build 4 spearman for 60 wood).
  This is simple and gives me a huge number of spearman.
  Wait, what about archers? I have 5 archers. Archers cost 20 wood + 10 iron. They are good against spearman. But I have so many spearman, building archers might not be necessary.
  Let's stick to spearman for simplicity and mass.

  Let's double check the movements.
  I want to send reinforcements to Sevilha [9].
  From Cordoba [11]: send 6 spearman.
  From Badajoz [4]: send 3 spearman, 1 knight.
  From Toledo [8]: send 2 spearman to Badajoz [4] to reinforce it after sending troops to Sevilha.
  Wait, if I send 2 spearman from Toledo to Badajoz, and 3 spearman, 1 knight from Badajoz to Sevilha, the net change in Badajoz is -1 spearman, -1 knight, +2 spearman = +1 spearman, -1 knight. But the troops from Toledo take 1 turn to arrive, and the troops from Badajoz take 1 turn to leave. They happen simultaneously.
  So Badajoz sends 3 spearman, 1 knight, and receives 2 spearman. The garrison at the end of the turn will be: original 5 spearman, 3 knight - 3 spearman, 1 knight + 2 spearman = 4 spearman, 2 knight. This is good.
  And Toledo sends 2 spearman, leaving 0 spearman? Toledo has 2 spearman at home. If I send 2, it leaves 0. Toledo is interior, so it's safe.
  Let's check Toledo's troops: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight". So yes, I can send 2 spearman.

  Let's check Cordoba's troops: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 8 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight". I will send 6 spearman to Sevilha. This leaves 2 spearman in Cordoba. Cordoba is interior, so it's safe.

  Let's check Sevilha's troops: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 3 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight". I am not sending from Sevilha, I am sending to Sevilha.
  So Sevilha will receive 6 spearman from Cordoba, 3 spearman and 1 knight from Badajoz.
  Total received: 9 spearman, 1 knight.
  Existing: 3 spearman, 1 knight.
  Total garrison after arrival: 12 spearman, 2 knight.
  This is a very strong defense.

  Let's check if there are any other movements I should make.
  Should I attack any enemy villages?
  The enemy villages are: Vigo, Coimbra, Faro, Santarem, Lisboa, Evora.
  If I attack and conquer more villages, I will have more than 18, which also helps. But the win condition is holding 18 for 2 turns. If I conquer more, I still need to hold them.
  Attacking is risky because I might lose troops.
  But if I can conquer Lisboa (the capital), that would be great. However, Lisboa is unexplored and its garrison is unknown. Also, taking it is not required to win.
  The safest strategy is to defend what I have and wait for the next turn to secure the win.
  Wait, if I just defend, will the enemy attack me? Yes, they are attacking Sevilha. If I defend successfully, I keep 18 villages. Next turn, if I still have 18, I win!
  So the goal is purely defensive this turn.
  Let's make sure I don't lose any villages.
  Is there any other enemy army on the march?
  "ENEMY (only what your watchmen can see):
  - enemy army marching toward [9] Sevilha, arrives in 1 turn"
  Only one army is visible. There could be others that I don't see because of fog of war. But I can only react to what I know or what is likely.
  The most likely targets for the enemy are my border villages: Badajoz, Porto, Salamanca, Burgos, Sevilha.
  I have reinforced Sevilha.
  Porto has 12 troops, defense 30. Safe.
  Salamanca has 14 troops, defense 35. Safe.
  Burgos has 7 troops, defense 18. It borders Vigo (1 spearman, 1 knight). Vigo is weak, so they might attack Burgos. But Burgos has 7 troops, which is enough to defend against Vigo's small garrison unless they send massive reinforcements from elsewhere.
  Badajoz has 4 spearman, 2 knight after reinforcements. It borders Santarem (6 spearmen, 2 archers, 1 knight) and Faro (4 spearmen, 1 archer). If they attack Badajoz, 4 spearman and 2 knight might be enough to defend, especially with defense 20.
  So my defenses seem solid.

  Let's write down the exact orders.

  Builds:
  I will build 2 spearman in:
  Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Castellon, Zaragoza, Huesca, Valencia, Teruel, Madrid, Murcia, Salamanca, Toledo, Cordoba, Badajoz, Porto, Sevilha.
  And 4 spearman in Pamplona.
  Wait, what about Burgos? Burgos has wood 0, iron 0. So no build there.

  Let's check the resource costs for 2 spearman:
  2 spearman cost 30 wood, 0 iron.
  All these villages have at least 30 wood.
  Barcelona: wood 40 -> 10 left.
  Tarragona: wood 40 -> 10 left.
  Girona: wood 40 -> 10 left.
  Castellon: wood 30 -> 0 left.
  Zaragoza: wood 40 -> 10 left.
  Huesca: wood 40 -> 10 left.
  Valencia: wood 30 -> 0 left.
  Teruel: wood 30 -> 0 left.
  Madrid: wood 40 -> 10 left.
  Murcia: wood 30 -> 0 left.
  Salamanca: wood 30 -> 0 left.
  Toledo: wood 30 -> 0 left.
  Cordoba: wood 30 -> 0 left.
  Badajoz: wood 30 -> 0 left.
  Porto: wood 30 -> 0 left.
  Sevilha: wood 40 -> 10 left.
  Pamplona: wood 70 -> 10 left (after 4 spearman, cost 60 wood).

  This is perfectly affordable.

  Movements:
  1. From Cordoba [11] to Sevilha [9]: 6 spearman.
  2. From Badajoz [4] to Sevilha [9]: 3 spearman, 1 knight.
  3. From Toledo [8] to Badajoz [4]: 2 spearman.

  Let's double check if I can send knights from Badajoz.
  Badajoz has: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 5 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight".
  So yes, I can send 3 spearman and 1 knight.
  Wait, the total troops at home in Badajoz is 8. If I send 4, 4 remain.
  Let's check the exact count:
  "troops at home: 8 / 300"
  "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 5 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight"
  So 5 spearman + 3 knight = 8 troops.
  If I send 3 spearman and 1 knight, I send 4 troops, leaving 2 spearman and 2 knight (4 troops).
  Then Toledo sends 2 spearman, so Badajoz will have 4 spearman and 2 knight. This is correct.

  Let's check Cordoba:
  "troops at home: 8 / 300"
  "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 8 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight"
  If I send 6 spearman, 2 spearman remain. Correct.

  Let's check Toledo:
  "troops at home: 2 / 300"
  "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight"
  If I send 2 spearman, 0 remain. Correct.

  Let's check Sevilha:
  "troops at home: 4 / 300"
  "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 3 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight"
  I am not sending from Sevilha. Correct.

  Let's write the plan and statement.

  Plan:
  "This turn is purely defensive. We have reached 18 villages, which is the threshold to win if we hold it for 2 consecutive turns. The enemy is attacking Sevilha, so we are sending heavy reinforcements from Cordoba and Badajoz to secure it. We are also reinforcing Badajoz from Toledo to maintain its defense after sending troops to Sevilha. We build spearman in all possible villages to grow our army for future operations. Our goal is to hold our 18 villages and secure the victory next turn."

  Statement:
  "We have reached the victory threshold of 18 villages! Now we must hold the line. The enemy is attacking Sevilha, so we are rushing reinforcements from Cordoba and Badajoz to repel them. We also reinforce Badajoz from Toledo to keep our borders strong. We build spearman across our empire to ensure we have the manpower to defend our hard-won territory."

  Let's review the JSON format.
  {
    "build": [
      {"villageId": 22, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
      {"villageId": 21, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
      {"villageId": 23, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
      {"villageId": 18, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
      {"villageId": 17, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
      {"villageId": 20, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
      {"villageId": 16, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
      {"villageId": 13, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
      {"villageId": 12, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
      {"villageId": 15, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
      {"villageId": 19, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
      {"villageId": 7, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
      {"villageId": 8, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
      {"villageId": 11, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
      {"villageId": 4, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
      {"villageId": 6, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
      {"villageId": 9, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
    ],
    "movements": [
      {"fromId": 11, "toId": 9, "troops": {"spearman": 6, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
      {"fromId": 4, "toId": 9, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
      {"fromId": 8, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}}
    ],
    "plan": "...",
    "statement": "..."
  }

  Let's double check the village IDs.
  Barcelona: 22
  Tarragona: 21
  Girona: 23
  Castellon: 18
  Zaragoza: 17
  Huesca: 20
  Valencia: 16
  Teruel: 13
  Madrid: 12
  Murcia: 15
  Pamplona: 19
  Salamanca: 7
  Toledo: 8
  Cordoba: 11
  Badajoz: 4
  Porto: 6
  Sevilha: 9

  Yes, the IDs match the list.
  Let's check if I missed any village in the build list.
  My villages: 22, 21, 23, 18, 17, 20, 16, 13, 12, 15, 19, 14 (Burgos - no build because wood 0), 7, 8, 11, 4, 6, 9.
  Total 18 villages. I have builds for 17 of them (all except Burgos). This is correct.

  Let's check the movements again.
  From 11 (Cordoba) to 9 (Sevilha): 6 spearman.
  From 4 (Badajoz) to 9 (Sevilha): 3 spearman, 1 knight.
  From 8 (Toledo) to 4 (Badajoz): 2 spearman.

  Is there any other movement?
  Should I move troops from the interior to other border villages?
  For example, Madrid [12] to Burgos [14]?
  Madrid has 12 spearman, 2 archer. Burgos has 5 spearman, 2 archer.
  Burgos borders Vigo, which is weak. But Burgos has 7 troops, which is enough.
  Salamanca [7] to Porto [6]?
  Salamanca has 13 spearman, 1 archer. Porto has 8 spearman, 4 knight.
  Porto is already strong.
  So no other urgent movements.

  Let's review the combat rules to ensure my reinforcements will actually help.
  "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
  Wait! This is crucial!
  "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
  And "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements."
  If they join the garrison, do they fight together with the garrison?
  "each send fights alone, one at a time" applies to troops sent from different villages. But what about the garrison?
  If I send troops from Cordoba to Sevilha, they arrive and join the garrison.
  If I send troops from Badajoz to Sevilha, they also arrive and join the garrison.
  Do they fight together with the garrison, or do they fight separately?
  "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
  This implies that the send from Cordoba fights alone, the send from Badajoz fights alone, and the existing garrison fights alone? Or do the sends join the garrison first and then the whole garrison fights?
  "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements."
  If they join the garrison, they become part of the garrison. Then the garrison fights as one force.
  But the rule says "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
  This might mean that if I send from Cordoba and Badajoz to Sevilha, they arrive as two separate armies and fight the enemy one after the other, without adding up with each other or the garrison?
  Wait, "join that village's garrison as reinforcements" suggests they merge. But "each send fights alone" suggests they don't merge for combat.
  Let's re-read carefully:
  "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
  This is under "MOVEMENT RULES".
  "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements."
  If they join the garrison, they are no longer a "send", they are part of the garrison.
  But if two sends arrive at the same time, do they fight separately?
  "each send fights alone, one at a time."
  This means the send from Cordoba fights, then the send from Badajoz fights, then the garrison fights? Or the garrison fights first because it was already there?
  Actually, if they join the garrison, they might fight together. But the rule explicitly says "each send fights alone, one at a time" for troops sent from different villages.
  To be safe, maybe I should only send from ONE village to Sevilha?
  If I send from Cordoba only, say 8 spearman (all of them).
  Then the send from Cordoba fights. Since it's only one send, it fights as one force.
  But wait, the existing garrison is also there. Does the garrison fight with the send?
  If the send joins the garrison, they fight together.
  If I send from both Cordoba and Badajoz, they might fight separately, which is less efficient because the enemy can defeat them in detail.
  Let's send from Cordoba only.
  Cordoba has 8 spearman. I can send all 8 to Sevilha.
  This is one send. It will arrive and join the garrison (or fight as one send).
  If I send from Badajoz as well, it's a second send, which might fight separately.
  So sending from only one village is safer and more efficient.
  Let's send 8 spearman from Cordoba [11] to Sevilha [9].
  This leaves 0 in Cordoba, but Cordoba is interior and safe.
  And I don't send from Badajoz, so Badajoz keeps its 5 spearman, 3 knight to defend itself.
  This is much better!
  Let's check if 8 spearman from Cordoba + 3 spearman, 1 knight in Sevilha is enough.
  Total spearman: 11. Knight: 1.
  This is a strong force.
  And I don't weaken Badajoz at all.
  What about Toledo to Badajoz? I don't need to send from Toledo if I don't send from Badajoz.
  So the only movement is:
  From Cordoba [11] to Sevilha [9]: 8 spearman.

  Let's re-read: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
  Yes, this confirms that sending from multiple villages to the same target is bad because they fight separately. Sending from one village is much better.
  So I will only send from Cordoba to Sevilha.
  This simplifies the movements a lot.

  Let's check Cordoba's resources and troops:
  Cordoba has 8 spearman. I send 8 spearman.
  Cordoba has wood 30, iron 80. I can build 2 spearman this turn.
  So Cordoba will have 2 spearman next turn.

  Let's check Badajoz:
  I don't send any troops from Badajoz.
  Badajoz keeps 5 spearman, 3 knight.
  Badajoz has wood 30, iron 100. I can build 2 spearman.

  This is a very clean plan.

  Let's write the JSON with only one movement.
  Movements:
  [
    {"fromId": 11, "toId": 9, "troops": {"spearman": 8, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}}
  ]

  Let's double check if I should send any other troops.
  What about the enemy army marching on Sevilha? If it's strong, 8 spearman might not be enough. But Sevilha already has 3 spearman and 1 knight. 8 spearman + 3 spearman + 1 knight = 11 spearman, 1 knight. This is a very solid defense.
  And the enemy army is marching from where?
  The road network shows Sevilha [9] connects to [4] Badajoz, [5] Faro, [11] Cordoba.
  The enemy army could be coming from Faro [5] (enemy) or Badajoz [4] (mine, so not from there unless they conquered it, but it's mine).
  So the enemy army is likely coming from Faro [5].
  Faro has 4 spearmen, 1 archer. The marching army might be similar in size or slightly larger.
  11 spearman and 1 knight should easily defeat 4 spearmen and 1 archer, especially with the village defense bonus.

  Let's review the build list again.
  I will build 2 spearman in:
  22, 21, 23, 18, 17, 20, 16, 13, 12, 15, 19 (4 spearman), 7, 8, 11, 4, 6, 9.
  This is 17 villages.
  Let's write the JSON carefully.

  {
    "build": [
      {"villageId": 22, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
      {"villageId": 21, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
      {"villageId": 23, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
      {"villageId": 18, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
      {"villageId": 17, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
      {"villageId": 20, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
      {"villageId": 16, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
      {"villageId": 13, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
      {"villageId": 12, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
      {"villageId": 15, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
      {"villageId": 19, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
      {"villageId": 7, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
      {"villageId": 8, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
      {"villageId": 11, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
      {"villageId": 4, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
      {"villageId": 6, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
      {"villageId": 9, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
    ],
    "movements": [
      {"fromId": 11, "toId": 9, "troops": {"spearman": 8, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}}
    ],
    "plan": "We have reached the victory threshold of 18 villages. This turn is purely defensive to secure the win condition of holding 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns. The enemy is attacking Sevilha, so we send all 8 spearman from Cordoba to reinforce it. We do not weaken other border villages like Badajoz to keep our defenses strong. We build spearman in all possible villages to grow our army for future operations.",
    "statement": "We have reached the victory threshold of 18 villages! Now we must hold the line. The enemy is attacking Sevilha, so we are rushing all available spearman from Cordoba to reinforce it and repel the assault. We keep our other borders strong and build spearman across the empire to ensure we have the manpower to defend our hard-won territory."
  }

  Let's check the length of plan and statement.
  Plan: ~600 characters? Let's count.
  "We have reached the victory threshold of 18 villages. This turn is purely defensive to secure the win condition of holding 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns. The enemy is attacking Sevilha, so we send all 8 spearman from Cordoba to reinforce it. We do not weaken other border villages like Badajoz to keep our defenses strong. We build spearman in all possible villages to grow our army for future operations."
  This is around 500 characters. Under 600. Good.
  Statement:
  "We have reached the victory threshold of 18 villages! Now we must hold the line. The enemy is attacking Sevilha, so we are rushing all available spearman from Cordoba to reinforce it and repel the assault. We keep our other borders strong and build spearman across the empire to ensure we have the manpower to defend our hard-won territory."
  This is around 400 characters. Under 600. Good.

  Let's do a final check of the rules.
  - "Each village you hold produces resources every turn, and resources are what build your army." (Checked, I only build what they can afford).
  - "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS" (Checked).
  - "Each troop type has its own ATTACK and DEFENSE values" (Checked).
  - "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup" (Checked, spearman will be most numerous).
  - "Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle" (Checked, effective defense is already given).
  - "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." (Checked, 2 spearman costs 30 wood, all villages have >= 30 wood except Burgos which has 0, and Pamplona has 70 wood so 4 spearman costs 60 wood).
  - "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there" (Checked, Cordoba to Sevilha is direct, no intermediate villages).
  - "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up" (Checked, I only send from one village to Sevilha).
  - "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own" (Checked, Sevilha is mine).
  - "A MIXED army marches at the speed of its SLOWEST troop." (Checked, only sending spearman, so slow speed, but Cordoba to Sevilha is 1 slow turn, which is fine since the enemy arrives in 1 turn).
  - "The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival." (Checked, I am reinforcing before the attack).

  Everything looks solid. I will output the JSON.

ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":11,"destinoId":9,"tropas":{"lanceiro":8,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [20]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [20]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [13]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [13]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [12]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [12]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [15]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [15]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [8]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [8]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO envio [11]->[9]: 8S
plano (volta no proximo prompt): We have reached the victory threshold of 18 villages. This turn is purely defensive to secure the win condition of holding 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns. The enemy is attacking Sevilha, so we send all 8 spearman from Cordoba to reinforce it. We do not weaken other border villages like Badajoz to keep our defenses strong. We build spearman in all possible villages to grow our army for future operations.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): We have reached the victory threshold of 18 villages! Now we must hold the line. The enemy is attacking Sevilha, so we are rushing all available spearman from Cordoba to reinforce it and repel the assault. We keep our other borders strong and build spearman across the empire to ensure we have the manpower to defend our hard-won territory.
REFORCO [1] Santarem dono A: 2S
REFORCO [3] Coimbra dono A: 2S+1A
REFORCO [5] Faro dono A: 2S
REFORCO [6] Porto dono A: 2S
COMBATE [10] Vigo: atacante A Fatk=10 (ef 15) Fdef=8 (ef 10) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~3
REFORCO [12] Madrid dono B: 4S+1A
REFORCO [12] Madrid dono B: 2S+1A
REFORCO [7] Salamanca dono B: 4S
REFORCO [12] Madrid dono B: 2S
REFORCO [11] Cordoba dono B: 2S
COMBATE [9] Sevilha: atacante B Fatk=7 (ef 7) Fdef=10 (ef 13) vant=0 -> vence defensor | baixas~3
COMBATE [9] Sevilha: atacante B Fatk=4 (ef 4) Fdef=8 (ef 10) vant=0 -> vence defensor | baixas~2
COMBATE [6] Porto: atacante B Fatk=30 (ef 30) Fdef=8 (ef 10) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~5
COMBATE [14] Burgos: atacante B Fatk=14 (ef 14) Fdef=8 (ef 10) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~5
COMBATE [9] Sevilha: atacante B Fatk=12 (ef 12) Fdef=6 (ef 8) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~4
REFORCO [11] Cordoba dono B: 4S
REFORCO [12] Madrid dono B: 2S
placar: A 6 ald/tropas 18 | B 18 ald/tropas 102 | neutras 0 | transito 5 (A 4 | B 1)

########## TURNO 14 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3804 | resposta 29805 | raciocinio 25076 | finish stop | ms 336859
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 10, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 2, \"toId\": 5, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 3, \"toId\": 1, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 0, \"toId\": 1, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Building archers everywhere to counter enemy spearmen.\\nReinforcing Santarem with Coimbra's archer and Lisboa's knight.\\nReinforcing Faro with Evora's knight.\\nPreparing attack on Badajoz from Santarem next turn.\",\n  \"statement\": \"This turn we focused on building archers, as knights are countered by spearmen.\\nWe reinforced our border villages to deter enemy attacks.\\nThe Sevilha force will be lost, but we are readying a strong attack on Badajoz.\"\n}"
raciocinio: We are King A. We need to hold 18 of 24 villages for 2 consecutive turns or eliminate every enemy village. Currently hold 6. Enemy capital is Barcelona (unexplored). Enemy has many villages. We need to expand.

We have 6 villages: Lisboa (0), Santarem (1), Evora (2), Coimbra (3), Faro (5), Vigo (10). We have some troops at home and some marching. Currently 5 marching: 4 spearmen, 1 archer from Faro to Sevilha (arrives in 1 turn). That's the only march.

We need to decide builds and movements for this turn.

Let's analyze resources and available troops per village.

Village 0: Lisboa (capital). wood 30, iron 40. Troops at home: 1 spearman? Actually "troops at home: 1 / 300" and available: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. So it has 1 knight at home? Wait, "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight" means it has 1 knight available to send. But total troops at home is 1? It says "1 / 300" meaning 1 troop at home. So that 1 troop is the knight. So we can send that knight. Also we can build. Resources: wood 30, iron 40. Can build spearman (15 wood, 0 iron), archer (20 wood, 10 iron), knight (30 wood, 30 iron). With 30 wood and 40 iron, we can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 0 wood, 10 iron. Or build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) but only 30 wood, so can't. Or build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) total 35 wood, too much. So only 1 knight or 2 spearmen (30 wood) or 1 spearman + 1 archer? 15+20=35 wood >30. So max: 2 spearmen (30 wood, 0 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 30 iron (can't build more). Since we want to build army, maybe build 2 spearmen? But we need to consider cap: 300 troops per village, we are far from cap.

Village 1: Santarem. wood 30, iron 60. Troops at home: 11/300. Available: 6 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. So we can send up to those numbers. Resources: can build. wood 30, iron 60. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 0 wood, 30 iron. Or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) but only 30 wood, so 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 35 wood >30. So max: 2 spearmen (30 wood) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 50 iron. Better to build knights? But we need to consider what we can send.

Village 2: Evora. wood 40, iron 80. Troops at home: 1/300. Available: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. So 1 knight at home. Resources: can build. wood 40, iron 80. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 10 wood, 50 iron. Or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) leaving 0 wood, 60 iron. Or 2 spearmen (30 wood) + maybe more. Actually 2 spearmen (30 wood) leaves 10 wood, 80 iron. Or 1 archer + 1 spearman (35 wood) leaves 5 wood. So many options.

Village 3: Coimbra. wood 40, iron 70. Troops at home: 8/300. Available: 6 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Resources: can build. wood 40, iron 70. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 10 wood, 40 iron. Or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) leaving 0 wood, 50 iron. Or 2 spearmen (30 wood) + 1 archer? 30+20=50 wood >40. So 2 spearmen + 0 archer, or 1 archer + 1 spearman (35 wood) leaves 5 wood. Or 1 knight + 1 spearman? 30+15=45 wood >40. So best: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 2 spearmen (30 wood) + 1 archer? No.

Village 5: Faro. wood 30, iron 60. Troops at home: 3/300. Available: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. Also already marching out: 4 spearmen, 1 archer (to Sevilha). So those are not available. Resources: wood 30, iron 60. Can build: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 spearmen (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Since we have 0 archer available, but we can build archers? The available list is what we have at home now, not what we can build. We can build more. So we can build archers if we have resources. But we need to consider that the village pays for its own builds from its own stock. So we can build any combination that fits resources.

Village 10: Vigo. wood 30, iron 20. Troops at home: 2/300. Available: 1 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. Resources: wood 30, iron 20. Can build: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) but only 20 iron, so cannot. Can build 2 spearmen (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 10 iron. Or 1 spearman + 1 archer? 15+20=35 wood >30. So max: 2 spearmen or 1 archer.

Now, we need to decide on builds and movements. We want to expand south and capture enemy villages. Our immediate neighbors: Badajoz (4) enemy, Porto (6) enemy, Salamanca (7) enemy, Sevilha (9) enemy, Burgos (14) enemy. We have attacked Sevilha many times, but it was reinforced. Currently Sevilha has 11 spearmen, 1 knight, defense 30. We are sending 4 spearmen, 1 archer from Faro to Sevilha, arriving in 1 turn. That's a small force. We need to decide if we should send more.

Also, we have other fronts. Let's think about our overall strategy. We need 18 villages. Currently 6. We need to capture 12 more. The enemy has many villages: Badajoz, Porto, Salamanca, Sevilha, Toledo, Cordoba, Madrid, Teruel, Burgos, Murcia (neutral), and the capital Barcelona, plus Girona, Valencia, Castellon, Zaragoza, Huesca, Pamplona, Tarragona. That's a lot. We need to conquer them or hold 18. Since we can't eliminate all enemy villages easily, we should aim to hold 18. That means we need to capture and hold 12 enemy/neutral villages. We need to build a large army.

We should focus on a front. The south front: from Faro to Sevilha to Cordoba to Murcia to Valencia etc. The north front: from Coimbra to Porto to Salamanca to Madrid etc. The east front: from Vigo to Burgos to Zaragoza etc.

We have limited resources. We need to build troops in all villages and send them to attack. But we must be careful not to lose too many.

Let's analyze the enemy strengths. Sevilha: 11 spearman, 1 knight, defense 30. Badajoz: 7 spearman, 3 knights, defense 25. Porto: 10 spearman, 4 knights, defense 35. Salamanca: 15 spearman, 1 archer, defense 40. Burgos: 5 spearman, 2 archers, defense 18. These are the ones we can see. Toledo, Cordoba, Madrid, Teruel are last seen but likely reinforced.

We need to find a weak target. Burgos has defense 18, relatively weak. It's connected to Vigo (10) and Madrid (12) and Pamplona (19). We could attack Burgos from Vigo. Vigo has 1 spearman, 1 knight available. We can send those plus maybe build more. But Vigo's resources are limited (30 wood, 20 iron). We can build 2 spearmen or 1 archer. Let's see if we can reinforce Vigo from other villages. Coimbra is connected to Porto and Salamanca, not directly to Vigo. Actually, road network: Vigo is connected to Porto (6) and Burgos (14). So to get from Coimbra to Vigo, we'd have to go through Porto (enemy) - we can't march past an enemy village. So we can't send from Coimbra to Vigo directly. We can only send from Vigo to attack Burgos, or from Vigo to Porto (but Porto is strong). So Vigo is somewhat isolated on the north coast. We could also send from Lisboa to Santarem to Coimbra to Porto? No, Porto is enemy. So our territory is split: we have Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, Coimbra in the west/central, and Faro in the south, and Vigo in the northwest. They are connected? Let's check road network: Lisboa (0) connects to Santarem (1) and Evora (2). Santarem connects to Coimbra (3) and Badajoz (4). Evora connects to Faro (5). Faro connects to Sevilha (9) and Badajoz (4). Coimbra connects to Porto (6) and Salamanca (7). Vigo connects to Porto (6) and Burgos (14). So our villages: 0-1-3 are connected (via 1 to 3). 0-2-5 are connected. But 5 is connected to 4 (enemy) and 9 (enemy). 3 is connected to 6 (enemy) and 7 (enemy). 10 is connected to 6 (enemy) and 14 (enemy). So our three groups are not connected to each other except through enemy territory. We cannot move troops between groups without going through enemy villages, which would cause battles. So we have three separate armies.

Group 1: Lisboa, Santarem, Coimbra (and Evora? Evora is connected to Lisboa and Faro, but not directly to Santarem. Actually, Lisboa to Evora to Faro. So Lisboa, Evora, Faro are connected. Santarem is connected to Lisboa and Coimbra. So actually all our villages except Vigo are connected? Let's see: Lisboa (0) connects to Santarem (1) and Evora (2). So from Santarem we can go to Lisboa and then to Evora? Yes, roads: 0-1, 0-2. So Lisboa is a hub. From Evora (2) we can go to Faro (5). So Faro is connected to Lisboa via Evora. From Santarem (1) we can go to Coimbra (3). So Coimbra is connected to Lisboa via Santarem. So all of 0,1,2,3,5 are connected. Vigo (10) is only connected to Porto (6) and Burgos (14). So Vigo is isolated from the rest. To reinforce Vigo, we would need to go through Porto (enemy) or Burgos (enemy). So Vigo is on its own.

Thus, we have a main group of 5 villages (0,1,2,3,5) and a detached group of 1 village (10). We need to decide where to attack with the main group.

The main group has several border villages: Badajoz (4) from Santarem and Faro; Porto (6) from Coimbra; Salamanca (7) from Coimbra; Sevilha (9) from Faro. Also we can see Toledo (8) from Badajoz? Actually, Toledo is connected to Badajoz, but we don't control Badajoz, so we can't see beyond. We can attack Badajoz from Santarem or Faro. If we take Badajoz, we can then attack Toledo, Cordoba, etc.

We need to assess which enemy village is weakest. Let's look at effective defense numbers: Badajoz 25, Porto 35, Salamanca 40, Sevilha 30, Burgos 18. Burgos is weakest but we can only attack it from Vigo, which is isolated and has few resources. We could try to reinforce Vigo? But we can't reach it without going through enemy territory. Unless we first capture Porto from Coimbra, then we can move from Coimbra to Porto to Vigo? But Porto is strong (defense 35). Alternatively, we could attack Burgos from Vigo, but Vigo has limited troops. We can build in Vigo: it has 30 wood, 20 iron. We can build 2 spearmen (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Currently Vigo has 1 spearman, 1 knight at home. We can send those plus any builds. But we need to consider that marching takes time. Vigo to Burgos: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So we can send troops and they arrive in 1 turn (if fast). But we need to have enough to defeat Burgos. Burgos has 5 spearmen, 2 archers, defense 18. We need to calculate effective force. Let's recall combat rules: attacker counts attack, defender counts defense (with location bonus already included in the effective defense number). So we just compare our attack power to their effective defense. The most numerous type sets the counter matchup. We need to design our army to counter their most numerous type. Burgos garrison: 5 spearmen, 2 archers. Most numerous is spearman. So the counter matchup is based on our most numerous type. If we send mostly knights, we are countered by spearman? Wait, counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. So if enemy is mostly spearman, they counter our knights. So we should send mostly archers to counter spearman? Actually, archer counters spearman. So if we send archers, we get the counter bonus (1.5x). If we send knights, they are countered by spearman, so we get no bonus (or maybe penalty? The rule says: "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't say being countered reduces, just that you get a bonus if you have the counter. So if we are countered, we just don't get the bonus. So we should always try to have the counter. So against spearman-heavy enemies, we should send archers. Against archer-heavy, send knights. Against knight-heavy, send spearman.

Burgos: 5 spearmen, 2 archers. Most numerous spearman. So we should send archers to counter. But we also need to have enough attack power. Effective defense is 18. Our attack power: each archer has attack 2. If we send, say, 4 archers, our attack is 8. With counter bonus 1.5x, effective attack = 12. That's less than 18. We need more. We could send knights? But knights are countered, so no bonus. Knight attack 4. If we send 3 knights, attack 12, no bonus, still 12 < 18. We need to send a mix. The most numerous type sets the counter. If we send a mix, we need to ensure our most numerous type is the one that counters theirs. So if we send mostly archers, we get the bonus. Let's calculate: we need effective attack > 18. With archers, each archer contributes 2 attack. With bonus 1.5, each archer effectively contributes 3. So we need at least 7 archers to get 21 effective attack. But we also have to consider that the defender's defense is already effective. So we need our effective attack > their effective defense. So we need 7 archers. But we can also include some knights or spearmen, but they won't get the bonus if they are not the most numerous. Actually, the bonus applies to the whole force? The rule: "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It says "your force", so it multiplies the total attack? Or each unit? Usually it's total attack. So if we have a mixed army, the most numerous type determines if we get the counter. If we get the counter, our total attack is multiplied by 1.5. So we can mix in other units. For example, if we send 6 archers (attack 12) and 2 knights (attack 8), total attack 20, with counter bonus 1.5 = 30 effective attack. That would beat 18. But we need to have archers be the most numerous. 6 archers vs 2 knights, yes. So we can do that.

But can we get 6 archers? We need to build them. Vigo can build 1 archer per turn (20 wood, 10 iron). It has 30 wood, 20 iron, so it can build 1 archer this turn, leaving 10 wood, 10 iron. Next turn it can build another? But we need to send them. We also have other villages that can build archers and send them to Vigo? But we can't send to Vigo because it's isolated. We would have to send them to Porto and then to Vigo? But Porto is enemy, so they would fight at Porto. We could attack Porto first, but Porto is strong. Alternatively, we could send from Coimbra to Porto? Coimbra to Porto is 1 turn. If we attack Porto with a large army, we might take it, then we can move through Porto to Vigo. But that's a long-term goal.

Maybe we should focus on the main group where we have more flexibility. Let's look at the south: Faro to Sevilha. We already have 4 spearmen, 1 archer marching to Sevilha. They will arrive next turn. Sevilha has defense 30, garrison 11 spearmen, 1 knight. Most numerous spearman. So we should counter with archers. But our marching force is 4 spearmen, 1 archers - that's mostly spearmen, which is countered by spearman? Actually, spearman vs spearman: no counter bonus (since spearman counters knight, not spearman). So we get no bonus. Our attack: spearmen have attack 1, archer attack 2. Total attack = 4*1 + 2 = 6. No bonus. Their defense is 30. We will lose. That's why we lost last turn. We need to send a better army. We should recall that we can send from other villages to Faro, then to Sevilha? But Faro is our village, we can send reinforcements to Faro, and then from Faro to Sevilha. But the march from Faro to Sevilha takes 1 turn. So if we send troops to Faro this turn, they won't arrive until next turn, and then they'd need another turn to go to Sevilha. So we need to plan ahead.

Alternatively, we could attack Badajoz from Santarem or Faro. Badajoz: 7 spearmen, 3 knights, defense 25. Most numerous spearman. So we should counter with archers. We can build archers in Santarem or Faro. Santarem has 30 wood, 60 iron. It can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) this turn, leaving 10 wood, 50 iron. It can also build more next turn. Faro has 30 wood, 60 iron, can build 1 archer. Coimbra has 40 wood, 70 iron, can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Lisboa can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Evora can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). So we can produce many archers.

We need to decide on a target. Let's consider the enemy's overall strength. We have seen that enemy villages are reinforced every turn. We need to attack with overwhelming force. But we also need to hold captured villages. To hold 18, we need to capture and hold many. We should try to capture a village that is not too strong and then use it as a base to expand.

Looking at the map, the enemy seems to have a lot of villages in the center and east. We have the west. We could try to capture Badajoz, then Toledo, then Madrid, etc. Or capture Sevilha, then Cordoba, etc. Or capture Porto, then Vigo, etc.

Let's check the distances and our ability to reinforce. Our main group has Lisboa as a central hub. We can move troops from Lisboa to Santarem or Evora easily. We can also move from Coimbra to Santarem? Coimbra to Santarem: road? Coimbra connects to Santarem? Actually, road network: [3] Coimbra: [1], [6], [7]. So Coimbra connects to Santarem (1) and Porto (6) and Salamanca (7). So yes, Coimbra to Santarem is direct. So we can move troops between Coimbra and Santarem. Also Lisboa to Santarem, Lisboa to Evora. So we can concentrate forces.

Let's list our available troops per village (what we can send now, not including what we can build this turn). We need to decide on builds and then movements. The orders are simultaneous, so we must decide what to build and what to send based on current resources and troops. We can build this turn and then send those newly built troops? The rules: "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." And "Each village you hold produces resources every turn, and resources are what build your army." It implies that we collect resources, then we can build. The builds are ready in 1 turn. So if we build this turn, the troops will be available next turn? Or are they available immediately? The rule says: "spearman: costs 15 wood + 0 iron, ready in 1 turn." So if we order a build, it takes 1 turn to be ready. So they are not available for movement this turn. They will be available next turn. So when we plan movements, we can only send troops that are currently at home (the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" list). We cannot send troops we are building this turn. So we need to use existing troops, or we can build and then send next turn.

So for this turn, we can only send what is listed as available. Let's summarize available troops to send now:

Village 0 (Lisboa): 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight.
Village 1 (Santarem): 6 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight.
Village 2 (Evora): 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight.
Village 3 (Coimbra): 6 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
Village 5 (Faro): 2 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. (plus 4 spearmen, 1 archer already marching to Sevilha, not available)
Village 10 (Vigo): 1 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight.

Total available: spearman: 6+6+2+1 = 15? Actually: Santarem 6, Coimbra 6, Faro 2, Vigo 1 = 15 spearman. Archer: Santarem 2, Coimbra 1 = 3 archer. Knight: Lisboa 1, Santarem 3, Evora 1, Coimbra 1, Faro 1, Vigo 1 = 8 knights. Total 26 troops available to send. Plus 5 marching.

We need to decide where to send these available troops. We can send them to attack enemy villages or to reinforce our own villages. Since we want to expand, we should attack enemy villages. But we need to choose targets that we can reach and win.

Let's evaluate possible attacks:

1. Attack Badajoz (4) from Santarem (1) or Faro (5). Santarem to Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So we can send from Santarem and they arrive in 1 turn (if knights) or 1 turn (if slow). Actually, travel time: "from here to your nearest border village [1] Santarem: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means that from Lisboa to Santarem takes 1 turn for any speed? Wait, the report says: "from here to your nearest border village [1] Santarem: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means the distance is such that a slow troop takes 1 turn, medium 1 turn, fast 1 turn. So all take 1 turn? Actually, it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" meaning the number of turns for each speed is 1. So it's a 1-turn march for all. Similarly, from Santarem to Badajoz: the report says for Badajoz: "march from [5] Faro: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So from Faro to Badajoz is 1 turn. From Santarem to Badajoz? Not listed, but we can infer from road network: Santarem connects to Badajoz? Road: [1] Santarem: [0], [3], [4]. So yes, Santarem to Badajoz is direct. The distance is probably also 1 turn. We can check: in the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" section, Badajoz says "march from [5] Faro: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". It doesn't list from Santarem, but since it's connected, we can assume similar. We can estimate: from Santarem to Badajoz is likely 1 turn as well. So we can attack from Santarem or Faro.

2. Attack Porto (6) from Coimbra (3). Coimbra to Porto: 1 turn (as per report: "march from [3] Coimbra: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns").

3. Attack Salamanca (7) from Coimbra (3). March: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" from Coimbra. So slow troops take 2 turns, medium 1, fast 1.

4. Attack Sevilha (9) from Faro (5). March: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" from Faro. So we already have troops marching there.

5. Attack Burgos (14) from Vigo (10). March: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".

6. Attack Toledo (8) from? We don't control any village connected to Toledo except through Badajoz. So we can't attack Toledo directly yet.

7. Attack Cordoba (11) from? Connected to Sevilha and Toledo. Not directly from our territory.

8. Attack Madrid (12) from? Connected to Salamanca and Burgos and Zaragoza. Not directly.

So our immediate options are: Badajoz, Porto, Salamanca, Sevilha, Burgos.

We need to consider the strength of each and our ability to send troops. We can send from multiple villages to the same target? The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if we send from Santarem and Faro to Badajoz, they will fight separately. That means we need each send to be strong enough to win on its own, or we can send sequentially? But they arrive at the same time? Actually, they march and arrive at the same turn? The rules say they fight one at a time, but they are separate battles. So we can't combine them into one big army. However, we can send from one village a large army, and from another a smaller one, and they will fight in some order. The order is not specified, but presumably the defender fights them one by one. If the first battle is lost, the defender's garrison might be reduced? Actually, the rules: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So if we send from Santarem to Badajoz, they fight at Badajoz. If we also send from Faro to Badajoz, they also fight at Badajoz. They will fight the same garrison. The garrison's defense might be worn down? But the rules don't specify if the garrison is restored between battles. Typically in such games, the garrison is fixed and each attacking army fights it independently. But if multiple armies attack the same target on the same turn, they fight one at a time. The first battle uses the full garrison, then the second battle uses the remaining garrison? Or does the garrison reset? The rules don't explicitly say. Usually, in these types of games, the garrison is the same for all attacks that turn, meaning you need to defeat it multiple times? That would be very hard. Actually, reading: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This implies that each send fights the garrison separately. But if the first send wins, it captures the village, then the second send would arrive at a village that is now yours? But they are sent to attack the enemy village. If the first send captures it, the second send would arrive at a friendly village and stop? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So if the first send captures Badajoz, then Badajoz becomes ours. The second send, arriving at Badajoz, would find it is now ours, so it would stop and reinforce? But they are simultaneous: the enemy writes orders at the same time. So the enemy garrison is what it is at the start of the turn. The attacks are resolved simultaneously? The rules say: "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." So all movements and builds happen based on the current state. Then combat is resolved. If multiple armies attack the same village, they probably fight the same garrison, but the garrison's troops are not replenished between fights. So the first battle might reduce the garrison, then the second battle faces the reduced garrison. But the rules don't specify the order. It might be that all attacking armies are considered to attack simultaneously, but since they don't add up, they fight sequentially in some order. To be safe, we should assume that sending multiple armies to the same target is risky because they might fight the full garrison each time if the garrison is not depleted? Actually, in many similar games, the defender's troops are fixed for the turn, and each attacking army fights the full garrison. That would mean you need to send an army that can beat the garrison on its own, and sending multiple just wastes troops because they each face the full garrison. But if the first army wins, it captures the village, and then the second army would be attacking a village that is already captured? But since orders are simultaneous, the second army was ordered to attack the enemy village, so it would still march there and then find it captured? That would be a waste. So it's better to send one strong army from one village, or if from multiple, ensure they are coordinated so that the first one captures it and the others can be redirected? But we can't redirect after sending. So probably we should focus on sending one army per target.

We need to decide which target to attack with our main force. Let's calculate the effective attack of our available armies if we send them from various villages.

First, we need to consider the composition of our armies. We have 15 spearman, 3 archer, 8 knights available. We can choose which to send from each village. We want to form an army that can counter the enemy's most numerous type and have enough attack to beat their defense.

Let's list the enemy garrisons we can see:
- Badajoz: 7 spearman, 3 knights. Most numerous: spearman (7). Effective defense: 25.
- Porto: 10 spearman, 4 knights. Most numerous: spearman (10). Effective defense: 35.
- Salamanca: 15 spearman, 1 archer. Most numerous: spearman (15). Effective defense: 40.
- Sevilha: 11 spearman, 1 knight. Most numerous: spearman (11). Effective defense: 30.
- Burgos: 5 spearman, 2 archers. Most numerous: spearman (5). Effective defense: 18.

All have spearman as most numerous. So to counter, we need our most numerous to be archer. So we should build and send archers. But we only have 3 archers available currently. We can build more archers this turn, but they won't be available for movement this turn. So for this turn, we can only send the 3 archers we have, plus some spearmen and knights. But if we send a mixed army where archers are the most numerous, we need at least as many archers as any other type. With only 3 archers total, we can't have them be the most numerous if we send many spearmen. So we could send a small army of just archers? But 3 archers have attack 6, with counter bonus 1.5 = 9 effective attack. That's not enough against any target (lowest defense 18). So we need to include other troops but still have archers be the most numerous. That means we can include at most 2 other troops of another type if we have 3 archers? Actually, to have archers be the most numerous, we need the number of archers to be strictly greater than the number of any other single type. So if we send 3 archers, we can send up to 2 knights and up to 2 spearmen. But then the total attack: 3 archers (6) + 2 knights (8) + 2 spearmen (2) = 16 attack. With counter bonus 1.5 = 24 effective. That could beat Burgos (18) or maybe Badajoz (25)? 24 < 25, so not quite. If we send 3 archers, 1 knight, 2 spearmen: attack 6+4+2=12, *1.5=18, ties Badajoz? Tie favors defender, so we lose. So we need more.

We could send a force without archers, relying on knights or spearmen. But then we don't get the counter bonus because enemy has spearman, which counters knights. If we send knights, they are countered, so no bonus. If we send spearmen, no counter bonus (since spearman doesn't counter spearman). So we just compare raw attack to effective defense. For Badajoz defense 25: if we send all knights from available? We have 8 knights total. Their attack is 4 each, total 32. No bonus. 32 > 25, so we would win. But we can't send all knights from one village because they are spread out. We can send from Santarem 3 knights, from Lisboa 1, from Evora 1, from Coimbra 1, from Faro 1, from Vigo 1. To attack one target, we can send from one village only. The largest number of knights we can send from one village is Santarem with 3 knights. 3 knights have attack 12. That's less than 25. So we need to send from a village that has more knights, but we don't have more. We could send a mix from Santarem: 3 knights + 6 spearmen + 2 archers. That's 11 troops. Attack: knights 12, spearmen 6, archers 4 = 22 total. If we have archers as most numerous? 2 archers vs 3 knights vs 6 spearmen: most numerous is spearmen (6). So no counter bonus (since spearmen don't counter spearman). Effective attack 22 < 25, lose. If we send only knights and spearmen but make knights most numerous? We have 3 knights, 6 spearmen: knights not most numerous. So no bonus. If we send from Coimbra: 1 knight, 6 spearmen, 1 archer. Most numerous spearmen, no bonus. Attack: 4+6+2=12, too low. From Faro: 1 knight, 2 spearmen. Attack 4+2=6. From Lisboa: 1 knight, attack 4. So no single village can send enough troops to beat Badajoz without the counter bonus.

But we can build troops this turn, and they will be available next turn. So we can prepare a larger army for next turn. This turn, we might just want to build and maybe send some troops to reinforce or to attack a weaker target. Burgos is the weakest (defense 18). We can attack Burgos from Vigo. Vigo has 1 spearman, 1 knight available. That's attack 1+4=5, too low. But we can build in Vigo this turn. Vigo can build 2 spearmen (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). If we build 2 spearmen, next turn Vigo will have 1 spearman (existing) + 2 new = 3 spearman, plus the 1 knight. But we can also send the existing 1 spearman and 1 knight this turn. If we send them now, they arrive next turn (1 turn march). So we could send the available troops from Vigo to Burgos now, and then next turn we have newly built troops to send? But if we send the available troops, they will fight at Burgos next turn. With 1 spearman and 1 knight, attack 5, defense 18, we lose. So we shouldn't send them alone. We could instead keep them in Vigo and build more, then send a larger force next turn. But we need to decide: do we want to attack Burgos? If we attack Burgos, we need to send a force that can win. Let's calculate what we need to beat Burgos. Burgos defense 18. If we send an army with archers as most numerous, we need effective attack > 18. With counter bonus 1.5, we need raw attack > 12. So raw attack at least 13. If we send all archers: each archer attack 2, so 7 archers give 14 raw, 21 effective. If we mix: e.g., 6 archers (12) + 1 knight (4) = 16 raw, 24 effective. Or 5 archers (10) + 2 knights (8) = 18 raw, 27 effective. Or we could send knights without bonus: need raw attack > 18, so 5 knights (20) would work. But we don't have that many knights in one village. We could send spearmen: need >18, so 19 spearmen. Not feasible.

So to attack Burgos, we need to build up Vigo's forces. Vigo currently has 1 spearman, 1 knight at home. It can build this turn: 2 spearmen (using 30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). If we build 1 archer, next turn Vigo will have 1 spearman, 1 knight, 1 archer. That's 3 troops. If we send them all, most numerous? 1 each, tie? Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So most numerous would be spearman? Actually, tie in count: the rule says "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight". So if all counts are 1, the most numerous is spearman. So no counter bonus. Attack: 1+4+2=7, too low. If we build 2 spearmen, next turn Vigo has 3 spearman, 1 knight. Most numerous spearman (3). No bonus. Attack: 3+4=7. Still too low. So Vigo cannot attack Burgos next turn either. We need to build over multiple turns. Vigo produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. It can build 1 archer every turn (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearmen (30 wood). To get enough archers, we need to build multiple turns. But Vigo is limited by the cap of 300, but we are far. So we could just build archers in Vigo over several turns and then attack. But meanwhile, the enemy is also building. Burgos is neutral? No, Burgos is enemy (King B). It will also be reinforced? The rule: "Neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type." Enemy villages don't automatically reinforce unless the enemy player builds there. But the enemy player can build. So Burgos might be reinforced by the enemy. We saw that Badajoz's defense went from 10 to 25 in 5 turns, so the enemy is building.

So attacking Burgos from Vigo is a long-term project. Meanwhile, we could also try to capture Porto from Coimbra, which would connect Vigo to our main group. But Porto is strong (defense 35). Let's see if we can attack Porto. From Coimbra, we have 6 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight available. That's 8 troops. Attack: 6+2+4=12 raw. No bonus (most numerous spearman). Defense 35, lose. We need to build more in Coimbra. Coimbra can build this turn: wood 40, iron 70. It can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 spearmen (30 wood) etc. If we build 2 archers, next turn Coimbra will have 6 spearman, 1 archer (existing) + 2 new archers = 6 spearman, 3 archers, 1 knight. That's 10 troops. Most numerous still spearman (6). So no bonus. Attack: 6 + 6 + 4 = 16. Still low. If we build knights? 1 knight gives 7 spearman? Actually, we have 6 spearman, so if we build a knight, we have 6 spearman, 2 knights, 1 archer. Most numerous spearman. Attack: 6+8+2=16. To get knights as most numerous, we need more knights. We could build multiple knights over time. But Coimbra can only build 1 knight per turn due to wood? 30 wood, 30 iron, it has 40 wood, 70 iron, so it can build 1 knight and have 10 wood left. Next turn it can build another. So we could eventually get a knight-heavy army.

But maybe there's a better target: Sevilha. We already have troops marching there (4 spearmen, 1 archer). They will arrive next turn and fight. That force has attack 4+2=6, no bonus, defense 30, so they will lose. We might want to reinforce them by sending more from Faro or other villages this turn, to arrive at the same time? But they fight separately. If we send from Faro additional troops, they will arrive at Sevilha at the same time as the first group? Actually, the first group is from Faro to Sevilha, arriving in 1 turn. If we send more from Faro now, they will also arrive in 1 turn (since march is 1 turn for medium/fast? Actually, from Faro to Sevilha: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". The marching force is 4 spearmen (slow) and 1 archer (medium). So the slowest is slow, so they take 2 turns? Wait, the report says: "already marching out (NOT available): 4 spearmen, 1 archer" and they are from [5] to [9], arrives in 1 turn. But the march time says "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means if you send slow troops, they take 2 turns; medium takes 1 turn; fast takes 1 turn. But the army on the march is mixed: spearmen are slow, archer is medium. The speed of a mixed army is the speed of its slowest troop, so it should take 2 turns. But the report says "arrives in 1 turn". There's a contradiction. Let's re-read: "already marching out (NOT available): 4 spearmen, 1 archer" and under Faro: "from here to your nearest border village [5] Faro: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" - that's for Faro's nearest border village? Actually, the line "from here to your nearest border village [5] Faro: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" is under Lisboa? No, under each village it says "from here to your nearest border village...". For Faro, it doesn't say that. For Sevilha, it says "march from [5] Faro: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So the march from Faro to Sevilha takes 2 slow turns. But the army on the march is 4 spearmen, 1 archer. Since spearmen are slow, the army should take 2 turns. Yet it says "arrives in 1 turn". That might be an error in the report, or maybe "arrives in 1 turn" means it has been marching for 1 turn and will arrive next turn? The report says: "=== ARMIES ON THE MARCH === YOURS: - 4 spearmen, 1 archer: [5] -> [9], arrives in 1 turn". That means it will arrive in 1 turn from now. So it was sent last turn, and it takes 2 turns total? If it takes 2 turns, and it arrives in 1 turn, that means it has been marching for 1 turn already. So it was sent on turn 13? We are on turn 14. So it was sent last turn, and it will arrive on turn 15. So the march time is 2 turns for slow, but since it was sent last turn, it has 1 turn left. So if we send new troops from Faro to Sevilha now, they will start marching this turn. If we send slow troops, they will take 2 turns, arriving on turn 16. If we send medium/fast, they take 1 turn, arriving on turn 15. So they could arrive at the same time as the first group? Actually, the first group arrives on turn 15. If we send fast troops now, they also arrive on turn 15. But they fight separately. So we could send a reinforcing army that arrives on the same turn, but they will fight independently. If the first group loses, the garrison remains, and then the second group fights the same garrison. If the first group wins, it captures Sevilha, and then the second group would arrive at a friendly village? But since orders are simultaneous, the enemy doesn't know the first group will win. The second group was ordered to attack Sevilha. If Sevilha is captured by the first group, the second group might stop at Sevilha (now ours) and reinforce. That could be good. But we need to ensure the first group can win. The first group is 4 spearmen, 1 archer, which likely loses. So we might want to not send them, but they are already sent. We can't cancel them. So next turn they will arrive and probably lose. We could try to send additional troops now to arrive later? Or we could send troops to attack a different village.

Maybe we should focus on Badajoz. Badajoz defense 25. We can attack from Santarem or Faro. Let's see what we can send from Santarem. Santarem has 6 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight available. That's 11 troops. We can choose which to send. We want to maximize effective attack. Since Badajoz has spearman most numerous, we want archers to counter. But we only have 2 archers in Santarem. If we send both archers, we need to make them the most numerous. So we can send at most 1 other type of 1 unit? Actually, to have archers most numerous, we need the number of archers > number of any other single type. So if we send 2 archers, we can send at most 1 knight and at most 1 spearman? But we have 6 spearman, so if we send 2 archers and 2 spearman, then spearman count (2) is not greater than archer count (2)? Tie: tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So if we have 2 archers and 2 spearmen, the tie goes to spearman, so most numerous is spearman. So we need archers to be strictly greater than any other. So with 2 archers, we can send at most 1 spearman and 1 knight? Actually, if we send 2 archers, 1 spearman, 1 knight: counts: archer 2, spearman 1, knight 1. Archer is strictly greater, so most numerous is archer. Good. So we can send 2 archers, 1 spearman, 1 knight from Santarem. That's 4 troops. Attack: archers 4, spearman 1, knight 4 = 9 raw. With counter bonus 1.5 = 13.5 effective. Not enough for 25. If we send 2 archers and 3 knights? But knights count 3 > archers 2, so most numerous knight, no bonus. Attack: 4+12=16, no bonus, 16 < 25. If we send 2 archers and 6 spearmen? Spearmen 6 > 2, most numerous spearman, no bonus. Attack: 4+6=10. So with only 2 archers, we can't get enough attack even with bonus because we are limited in how many other troops we can add while keeping archers most numerous. We could send only archers? But we only have 2. So Santarem cannot beat Badajoz on its own with its current troops.

What if we send from Faro? Faro has 2 spearman, 1 knight available. No archers. So no counter bonus possible. Attack: 2+4=6, too low.

What if we send from Lisboa? 1 knight, attack 4.

What if we send from Coimbra? 6 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. We have 1 archer. To have archer most numerous, we need archer count > others. So we can send 1 archer and 0 others? That's attack 2, bonus 1.5 = 3. Or send 1 archer and some others but keep others less than 1? Impossible. So no bonus. Most numerous will be spearman if we send any spearmen. So no bonus. Attack from Coimbra: max if we send all: 6 spearman (6), 1 archer (2), 1 knight (4) = 12 raw. No bonus. 12 < 25.

So no single village can beat Badajoz with current troops. We need to build more troops first. So this turn, we should focus on building, and maybe send some troops to reinforce or to attack a weaker target like Burgos? But Burgos is also too strong for Vigo's current troops.

Wait, what about neutral villages? We have Murcia (15) which is neutral, last seen with 4 knights. It is neutral, so it doesn't belong to the enemy. We could attack it? But it's far: from Faro to Murcia: "3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns". And it has 4 knights, defense? It's a neutral village, so it has defense based on its location? The effective defense is not given because it's not in sight. But we saw last seen: "garrison was 4 knights". Neutral villages harden every 5 turns, so it might have more now. But we don't know its current state because it's out of sight. We could send a scout? We don't have scouts. We can only send troops to attack, which will reveal the garrison. But we can't see it now. We could send troops to Murcia, but they would have to go through Cordoba? Actually, road: Faro to Sevilha to Cordoba to Murcia. We don't control Sevilha, so we can't march past it. So we can't reach Murcia without first taking Sevilha or Cordoba.

So our best option might be to build up forces and then attack. But we need to decide where to build and what to build. We should consider that we need to hold 18 villages. We currently hold 6. We need to capture 12. We should try to capture villages that are relatively weak and can be used as stepping stones.

Let's think about the enemy's overall layout. The enemy capital is Barcelona (22), which is in the northeast. The enemy has many villages in the center and east. We are in the west. To get to 18, we probably need to capture a large swath of the map. We might try to capture Badajoz, then Toledo, then Madrid, then Zaragoza, then Barcelona? Or capture Sevilha, then Cordoba, then Murcia, then Valencia, then Barcelona? Or capture Porto, then Salamanca, then Madrid, etc.

We need to choose a direction and commit. Given our resources, we might want to focus on the south because we have Faro and Evora there, and the path to Sevilha and Cordoba seems less defended? Actually, Sevilha has defense 30, Badajoz 25, Porto 35, Salamanca 40. So Badajoz is the weakest visible enemy village. Also, Badajoz is a gateway to Toledo and Cordoba. If we take Badajoz, we can attack from there. But we need to get enough troops to Badajoz.

We can send troops from Santarem to Badajoz. Santarem is close. We can also send from Faro to Badajoz. But they fight separately. Maybe we can send from Santarem a large army, and from Faro a small army to distract? But the enemy might also send reinforcements. The enemy is also playing.

We need to consider that we have 5 villages that can produce troops. We should build the most effective troops. Since the enemy has many spearmen, we should build archers to counter. Archers cost 20 wood, 10 iron. We can build them in many villages. Let's calculate our total resource production per turn across all our villages:

Village 0: wood 30, iron 40 (but production is +30 wood, +20 iron? Actually, it says "wood 30 (+30/turn) | iron 40 (+20/turn)" meaning it currently has 30 wood, and produces 30 per turn? Or it produces 30 and has 30 stock? The notation: "wood 30 (+30/turn)" likely means current stock 30, and production per turn is 30. But the rule says "Each village you hold produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn." So every village produces exactly 30 wood and 20 iron per turn. The numbers in parentheses are the production? Actually, it says "wood 30 (+30/turn) | iron 40 (+20/turn)". That might mean it has 30 wood in stock, and it produces 30 wood per turn? But the rule says each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn. So the production is fixed at 30 wood, 20 iron. The numbers before the parentheses are the current stock. So Lisboa has 30 wood, 40 iron. It produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. So its stock increases by 30 wood, 20 iron each turn, unless we spend it. So we have a total of across 6 villages: wood: 30+30+40+40+30+30 = 200 wood? Actually, let's sum current stock: Lisboa 30, Santarem 30, Evora 40, Coimbra 40, Faro 30, Vigo 30 = 200 wood. Iron: 40+60+80+70+60+20 = 330 iron. And each turn we get 6*30=180 wood, 6*20=120 iron. So we have a lot of resources. We can build many troops.

But each village has its own stock and builds from its own stock. So we need to distribute builds. We can build multiple troops per turn in a village if we have enough stock. For example, Santarem has 30 wood, 60 iron. It can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and have 10 wood, 50 iron left. It cannot build a second archer because it needs 20 wood. It could build a spearman (15 wood) but then wood would be -5? No, it can't. So it can only build 1 archer or 2 spearmen (30 wood) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). So per turn, a village can typically build 1-2 troops.

We need to plan our builds for this turn to start building up a larger army. We should probably build archers in our villages that can produce them, because archers are effective against the enemy's spearmen. Let's see which villages can build archers this turn:

- Lisboa: wood 30, iron 40. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Leaves 10 wood, 30 iron. Also could build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 0 wood, 10 iron. Or 2 spearmen (30 wood) leaves 0 wood, 40 iron.
- Santarem: wood 30, iron 60. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaves 10 wood, 50 iron. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 0 wood, 30 iron. Or 2 spearmen (30 wood) leaves 0 wood, 60 iron.
- Evora: wood 40, iron 80. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) leaves 0 wood, 60 iron. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 10 wood, 50 iron. Or 2 spearmen (30 wood) + 1 archer? 30+20=50 wood >40. So 2 spearmen (30 wood) leaves 10 wood, 80 iron. Or 1 archer + 1 spearman (35 wood) leaves 5 wood.
- Coimbra: wood 40, iron 70. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) leaves 0 wood, 50 iron. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 10 wood, 40 iron. Or 2 spearmen (30 wood) leaves 10 wood, 70 iron.
- Faro: wood 30, iron 60. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaves 10 wood, 50 iron. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 0 wood, 30 iron. Or 2 spearmen (30 wood) leaves 0 wood, 60 iron.
- Vigo: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaves 10 wood, 10 iron. Or 2 spearmen (30 wood) leaves 0 wood, 20 iron. Cannot build knight (needs 30 iron).

So we can build a total of: Lisboa 1 archer, Santarem 1 archer, Evora 2 archers, Coimbra 2 archers, Faro 1 archer, Vigo 1 archer = 8 archers this turn! That would use: wood: 20+20+40+40+20+20 = 160 wood. We have total wood 200, so we can afford it. Iron: 10+10+20+20+10+10 = 80 iron. We have 330 iron, so fine. But we must consider that each village builds from its own stock. Let's check each village's stock after building:

Lisboa: start 30 wood, 40 iron. Build 1 archer: -20 wood, -10 iron -> 10 wood, 30 iron.
Santarem: 30 wood, 60 iron -> build 1 archer: 10 wood, 50 iron.
Evora: 40 wood, 80 iron -> build 2 archers: -40 wood, -20 iron -> 0 wood, 60 iron.
Coimbra: 40 wood, 70 iron -> build 2 archers: -40 wood, -20 iron -> 0 wood, 50 iron.
Faro: 30 wood, 60 iron -> build 1 archer: 10 wood, 50 iron.
Vigo: 30 wood, 20 iron -> build 1 archer: 10 wood, 10 iron.

All have non-negative resources. So we can build 8 archers this turn. They will be ready next turn. Next turn, we will have many more archers available. We can then send them to attack.

But we also need to consider what to do this turn with movements. We can send some troops now to attack or to reinforce. Since we want to build up, maybe we should hold back our current troops to defend our villages, or we can send some to attack a weak target to get a head start. We have the 4 spearmen, 1 archer already marching to Sevilha. They will arrive next turn and likely lose. We might want to send reinforcements to Faro so that next turn we can send a larger army to Sevilha? Or we could send troops to Badajoz.

Let's think about the enemy's possible moves. The enemy might attack our villages. Our villages have defenses: Lisboa defense 3 (weak), Santarem defense 28 (strong), Evora defense 3 (weak), Coimbra defense 20 (strong), Faro defense 8 (weak), Vigo defense 5 (weak). So our weak villages are Lisboa, Evora, Faro, Vigo. Santarem and Coimbra are well defended. The enemy might try to attack our weak villages. But they are not directly connected to many? Badajoz is connected to Santarem and Faro. So they could attack Santarem or Faro. Porto is connected to Coimbra and Vigo. So they could attack Coimbra or Vigo. Sevilha is connected to Faro. So Faro is under threat from multiple sides. We might want to reinforce Faro. But we can't send troops to Faro from other villages without them having to march. From Evora to Faro is 1 turn. From Lisboa to Evora to Faro is 2 turns? Actually, Lisboa to Evora is 1 turn, Evora to Faro is 1 turn. So we can send from Lisboa to Evora, then next turn from Evora to Faro. But that takes time. We can send directly from Evora to Faro in 1 turn. So we could send Evora's knight to Faro now. Or from Lisboa to Faro? Lisboa connects to Evora and Santarem, not directly to Faro. So to get from Lisboa to Faro, we must go through Evora. So we can send from Lisboa to Evora this turn, and then from Evora to Faro next turn. But if the enemy attacks Faro this turn, they will fight before our reinforcements arrive. So we need to consider the timing.

Given that we don't know the enemy's moves, we should try to strengthen our defenses. But we also need to expand. Perhaps we can do both: build archers in all villages, and send our available troops to attack Badajoz from Santarem, while also sending some to reinforce Faro. But we need to decide on a coherent strategy.

Let's re-read the note from last turn: "Building knights in all villages to boost army. Sending Lisboa's knight to Santarem to prepare for attack on Badajoz. Sending Evora's spearman to Faro, and Faro's troops to Sevilha to reinforce after conquest. Focus on south expansion via Sevilha to Cordoba. Do not attack Porto or Salamanca yet, too strong. Keep Vigo defended."

So last turn we planned to attack Badajoz and Sevilha. We sent Lisboa's knight to Santarem? Actually, the movements last turn: we sent? The report says: "Your reinforcement (1 knight) arrived at [1] Santarem" and "Your reinforcement (2 spearmen) arrived at [5] Faro". So we sent from Lisboa to Santarem? And from somewhere to Faro? Also we sent Faro's troops to Sevilha. So we are following that plan.

Now, we need to decide this turn's orders. We have the knight from Lisboa already at Santarem. We have 2 spearmen at Faro from somewhere. We have the marching force to Sevilha.

We should continue the plan: build up for an attack on Badajoz. But we need archers, not knights, because enemy has spearmen. So we should change the build plan to archers instead of knights. Last turn we might have built knights, but now we realize archers are better. So this turn, we should build archers.

We also need to decide movements. We have available troops in each village. We could send some to attack Badajoz now, but as calculated, we don't have enough to win. So maybe we should just build and not send any attacks this turn, except maybe the already marching ones. But we can order new movements. We could send some troops to reinforce our border villages against possible attacks. For example, send from Lisboa to Santarem? Lisboa has 1 knight available. We could send it to Santarem to increase Santarem's defense. Or send it to Evora to then go to Faro. But Lisboa is weak (defense 3), so we might want to keep troops there? Actually, if we send all troops from Lisboa, it becomes defenseless. But it's interior, no enemy border, so maybe safe? The rule: "INTERIOR (no enemy border)" means no enemy can directly attack it without first going through another village? Actually, the road network: Lisboa connects to Santarem and Evora. Both are ours. So to reach Lisboa, the enemy would have to go through Santarem or Evora, which are ours. So they can't reach Lisboa without first capturing one of those. So Lisboa is safe as long as we hold Santarem and Evora. So we can send troops away from Lisboa safely. Similarly, Evora is interior, safe. So we can send troops from Lisboa and Evora to the border.

Santarem is border with Badajoz (enemy). Coimbra is border with Porto and Salamanca. Faro is border with Badajoz and Sevilha. Vigo is border with Porto and Burgos.

So we should reinforce our border villages. But we also want to attack. We need to choose a target and build up.

Let's consider attacking Badajoz from Santarem. We need to send a winning army. To beat Badajoz (defense 25), we need an effective attack > 25. With archers counter, we need raw attack > 16.67, so at least 17 raw attack. If we send a mixed army with archers most numerous, we can calculate: let A = number of archers, S = spearman, K = knight. We need A > S and A > K. Raw attack = 2A + S + 4K. We need 1.5*(2A+S+4K) > 25 => 2A+S+4K > 16.67. We also are limited by what we can send from one village. Santarem currently has 6S, 2A, 3K. If we send all from Santarem, we have A=2, S=6, K=3. A is not > S, so no bonus. Raw attack = 4+6+12=22. No bonus, 22 < 25, lose. If we send only a subset: we want A to be the largest. With A=2, we can have at most S=1, K=1 to keep A largest? Actually, if we send A=2, S=1, K=1, then A=2 > S=1 and > K=1, so bonus. Raw attack = 4+1+4=9, bonus 13.5 < 25. If we send A=2, S=1, K=2? Then K=2 > A=2? Tie? K=2, A=2, tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So knight wins? Actually, tie between archer and knight: order is spearman, archer, knight. So archer is higher priority? Wait, "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight." That means if there's a tie for most numerous, the one that appears first in that order is considered most numerous. So if we have 2 archers and 2 knights, the tie breaks in favor of archer? Because archer comes before knight. So most numerous would be archer. So we can have A=2, K=2, and still archer is most numerous. Let's check: counts: A=2, K=2. Tie. Order: spearman, archer, knight. So archer is chosen. So we can have A=2, K=2, S=0. Then raw attack = 4 + 8 = 12, bonus 18 < 25. If we add a spearman: A=2, K=2, S=1 -> then A=2, K=2, S=1. Most numerous? A=2, K=2 tie, archer wins. Raw attack = 4+8+1=13, bonus 19.5 < 25. If we send A=2, K=3: then K=3 > A=2, so knight most numerous, no bonus. Attack = 4+12=16, no bonus, 16<25. So with only 2 archers, we can't get enough attack even with bonus because we are limited in how many other troops we can add while keeping archers most numerous. The maximum raw attack we can get with A=2 and archer most numerous: we can have K up to 2 (tie goes to archer), and S up to 1? Actually, if we have S=2, then S=2 ties with A=2, but tie goes to spearman? Order: spearman, archer, knight. So if S=2 and A=2, spearman wins. So we can't have S=2. So max S=1. So max raw attack with A=2: A=2, K=2, S=1 -> 2*2 + 4*2 + 1 = 4+8+1=13. Bonus 19.5. Still <25. If we have A=3, then we can have K up to 3 (tie goes to archer? A=3, K=3 tie -> archer wins). S up to 2? If S=3, tie with A=3 -> spearman wins. So S max 2. So with A=3, K=3, S=2: raw attack = 6+12+2=20, bonus 30 > 25. That would work. But we only have 2 archers in Santarem. We need 3 archers. We can build 1 archer in Santarem this turn, but it won't be available for movement this turn. So next turn, Santarem will have 3 archers (2 existing + 1 built). Then we can send from Santarem: A=3, plus some S and K. But we also need to consider that we might send from Santarem this turn to attack, but we don't have enough. So we should wait until next turn to attack Badajoz from Santarem.

What about from Faro? Faro has 2S, 0A, 1K. No archers. We can build 1 archer this turn, so next turn Faro will have 2S, 1A, 1K. That's A=1. To have archer most numerous, we need A > others, so we can only send A=1 and maybe 0 others. Not enough. So Faro is not ready to attack Badajoz.

What about from Coimbra? Coimbra has 6S, 1A, 1K. We can build 2 archers this turn, so next turn Coimbra will have 6S, 3A, 1K. That's A=3, S=6, K=1. Most numerous is S=6, so no bonus. To get archers most numerous, we need to not send all spearmen. We could send only some spearmen. For example, send A=3, S=2, K=1. Then A=3 > S=2, so bonus. Raw attack = 6+2+4=12, bonus 18 < 25. If we send A=3, S=2, K=2? K=2 < A=3, so bonus. Attack = 6+2+8=16, bonus 24 < 25. If we send A=3, S=1, K=3: K=3 tie with A=3 -> archer wins? Actually, tie between A=3 and K=3: archer wins. So bonus. Attack = 6+1+12=19, bonus 28.5 > 25. So that works! So from Coimbra next turn, if we have 3 archers, we can send 3 archers, 3 knights, 1 spearman? But we only have 1 knight in Coimbra. We would need 3 knights. Coimbra can build 1 knight this turn? It can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) instead of 2 archers. But if we build 1 knight, we get +1 knight, but then we have fewer archers. Let's plan Coimbra's builds: currently 6S, 1A, 1K. We want to be able to send an army with A=3, K=3, S=1. That requires 3 archers and 3 knights. We have 1 archer, 1 knight. So we need +2 archers and +2 knights. But we can only build 2 troops per turn in Coimbra? Actually, we can build multiple if we have resources. Coimbra has 40 wood, 70 iron. It can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and then have 10 wood left, can't build another. So it can build at most 2 archers, or 1 knight + maybe 1 spearman? 1 knight (30 wood) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 45 wood > 40. So only 1 knight or 2 archers or 2 spearmen. So next turn, Coimbra can have at most 3 archers (if we build 2 archers) or 2 knights (if we build 1 knight) plus the existing. So we can't get both 3 archers and 3 knights in one turn. We could build archers this turn and knights next turn. So it would take two turns to prepare Coimbra's attack army.

What about from Lisboa? Lisboa has 0A, 1K. We can build 1 archer this turn, so next turn 1A, 1K. Not enough.

So no single village can attack Badajoz next turn with the troops they will have. We need more time. So maybe we should not attack Badajoz yet. Instead, we could attack a weaker target: Burgos from Vigo? But Vigo is also weak. Let's see what Vigo can build. Vigo currently: 1S, 1K. It can build 1 archer this turn (20 wood, 10 iron). Next turn: 1S, 1A, 1K. That's A=1. To attack Burgos (defense 18), we need effective attack > 18. With A=1, max raw attack with A most numerous: we can have K up to 1 (tie? A=1, K=1 tie -> archer wins), S up to 0? If S=1, then S=1, A=1, K=1: tie between all three? Order: spearman, archer, knight. So spearman wins. So we can't have S=1 if we want archer most numerous. So we can send A=1, K=1, S=0. Raw attack = 2+4=6, bonus 9 < 18. Not enough. If we build 2 spearmen instead: next turn Vigo has 3S, 1K. Most numerous S=3, no bonus. Attack = 3+4=7 < 18. So Vigo cannot attack Burgos next turn either.

What about attacking Sevilha? We already have troops marching there, but they will lose. We could send reinforcements from Faro this turn. Faro has 2S, 1K available. If we send them to Sevilha, they will take 1 turn (if fast) or 2 turns (if slow). The marching force already has 4S, 1A. If we send from Faro now, we could send the 1K (fast) and maybe 2S (slow). The fast ones arrive in 1 turn, slow in 2 turns. So the knight would arrive next turn, same time as the first group? Actually, the first group arrives next turn. If we send the knight now, it also arrives next turn. They fight separately. The first group (4S,1A) has attack 6, no bonus, vs defense 30, loses. Then the second group (1K) attacks? But if the first group loses, the garrison is still there. The second group (1K) attack 4, loses. So that's worse. If we send a larger force from Faro, but we only have 2S,1K. Not enough.

What if we send from Evora? Evora has 1K available. We could send it to Faro to reinforce, and then from Faro to Sevilha? But that takes two turns.

Maybe we should just focus on building and not attack this turn. We can build archers in all villages, and also build some knights and spearmen to defend. Then next turn, we can start attacking with larger armies. But we need to choose which village will attack where.

We also need to consider that the enemy might attack us. If we don't defend, we might lose villages. Our weak villages: Lisboa (def 3), Evora (def 3), Faro (def 8), Vigo (def 5). If the enemy attacks them, we could lose. But the enemy has to march there. From Badajoz to Faro is 1 turn. From Sevilha to Faro is 1 turn. From Porto to Coimbra is 1 turn, to Vigo is 1 turn. So they could attack Faro or Coimbra or Vigo. We should reinforce our border villages to deter attacks. We can send troops from interior to border. For example, send Lisboa's knight to Santarem? Santarem already has defense 28, which is high. Send Evora's knight to Faro? Faro defense 8, so reinforcing it could help. Send Coimbra's troops? Coimbra is already border, but it has defense 20. We might want to send some from Coimbra to Porto? No, Porto is enemy.

Let's think about the enemy's perspective. The enemy is King B. They have many villages. They might try to attack our weak villages to reduce our hold. They might attack Faro from Badajoz or Sevilha. Or attack Vigo from Porto or Burgos. Or attack Coimbra from Porto. Or attack Santarem from Badajoz.

We can't know their moves. We should try to make our villages defensible. For Faro, we can send troops from Evora. Evora has 1 knight. We can send it to Faro now. It will arrive in 1 turn. That would increase Faro's defense. But if the enemy attacks Faro this turn, the knight won't be there yet. The enemy attacks this turn, their troops march and fight this turn? Actually, combat happens when armies meet. If the enemy sends troops from Badajoz to Faro this turn, they will march and arrive at Faro either this turn or next turn depending on distance. Badajoz to Faro: 1 turn. So if they send this turn, they arrive this turn? Or next turn? The rules: "Marching takes turns, and during those turns the enemy keeps building and moving." So if they send from Badajoz to Faro, and the distance is 1 turn, they will arrive at the end of this turn? Actually, the turn structure: we give orders, then everything moves simultaneously. An army that marches for 1 turn arrives at the destination at the end of the turn, and then combat occurs? Or does combat occur at the beginning of the next turn? Typically, in these games, if you send an army to an enemy village, it arrives and fights on the same turn it is sent? The report says: "arrives in 1 turn" meaning it will arrive next turn. So if you send on turn 14, it arrives on turn 15. So if the enemy sends on turn 14, they arrive on turn 15. So we have time to reinforce. If we send from Evora to Faro now, they arrive on turn 15. So if the enemy attacks Faro, they also arrive on turn 15. So our reinforcement would arrive at the same time as the enemy? But they fight separately? Actually, if we send reinforcements to Faro, they arrive and join the garrison. The enemy arrives and attacks the garrison. The garrison then fights. So our reinforcement would be there in time to defend. So sending reinforcements to border villages now is good to prepare for enemy attacks next turn.

So we should send troops from interior to border villages to bolster defenses. Which interior villages? Lisboa (def 3) is interior but we can send its troops to Santarem or Evora. But Lisboa itself is weak, but it's interior so safe. We can send its knight to Santarem or Evora. Santarem is already strong. Evora is interior but connects to Faro. We should send Evora's knight to Faro to help defend Faro. Also, we can send Lisboa's knight to Evora? Or to Santarem? Let's see: Lisboa to Santarem is 1 turn. Lisboa to Evora is 1 turn. If we send to Evora, it arrives next turn, and then from Evora to Faro would take another turn. So it's better to send directly to the border if possible. But Lisboa doesn't connect to Faro. So we can send Lisboa's knight to Santarem to help attack Badajoz, or to Evora to then go to Faro? But if we send to Evora, it can't reach Faro in time if the enemy attacks Faro next turn. So maybe we should send Evora's knight to Faro, and Lisboa's knight to Santarem. Coimbra is already border, we might keep its troops or send some to Porto? No, Porto is enemy. We could send Coimbra's troops to Salamanca? That's attacking. Or we could keep them in Coimbra to defend.

Vigo is isolated. We can't reinforce it from others. We just have to build there.

So a reasonable plan: 
- Build archers in all villages that can, to prepare for future attacks.
- Send Evora's knight to Faro to reinforce Faro's defense.
- Send Lisboa's knight to Santarem to reinforce Santarem (or keep it? Santarem already has 11 troops, defense 28, so it's safe. But we might want to send it to Santarem to be part of an attacking army later.)
- Send Coimbra's available troops? Coimbra has 6S, 1A, 1K. We could send some to attack Porto? But Porto is strong. Or we could keep them to defend Coimbra. Coimbra's defense is 20, which is decent but could be attacked from Porto. We might want to send reinforcements to Coimbra from somewhere? But we can't reach Coimbra from Lisboa without going through Santarem? Actually, Lisboa to Santarem to Coimbra. So we could send from Lisboa to Santarem, and then from Santarem to Coimbra? But that takes two turns. So not in time for next turn. We could send from Santarem to Coimbra? Santarem has troops, we could send some to Coimbra to reinforce. But Santarem is also a border. Let's check: Santarem to Coimbra is direct? Road: [1] Santarem: [0], [3], [4]. So yes, Santarem to Coimbra is direct. So we can send from Santarem to Coimbra in 1 turn. That would reinforce Coimbra. But then Santarem would have fewer troops. We need to balance.

Maybe we should not move troops around much this turn, just build and wait for a better opportunity. But we need to do something. The enemy might think we are weak and attack. We should try to discourage attacks by having strong defenses. Our weakest border villages are Faro (def 8) and Vigo (def 5). Coimbra is def 20, Santarem def 28. So we should reinforce Faro and Vigo. Vigo we can't reinforce from outside, so we just build there. Faro we can reinforce from Evora. So send Evora's knight to Faro. That's one move.

What about Lisboa's knight? We could send it to Santarem, and then from Santarem we can later send it to Coimbra or Badajoz. Or we could send it to Evora to then go to Faro? But that's slower. Let's send Lisboa's knight to Santarem, as per last turn's plan.

What about Coimbra's troops? We could send some to attack Porto? But Porto is strong. Or we could send some to Salamanca? Salamanca is very strong. Not good. We could keep them in Coimbra to defend. Or we could send them to Santarem? That would be moving from one border to another, but they are already border. Actually, Coimbra is border with Porto and Salamanca. If we send troops away, Coimbra's defense drops. So maybe keep them.

What about the marching force to Sevilha? We can't cancel it. It will arrive next turn and lose. That's unfortunate. Maybe we should have not sent it, but it's done. We could try to reinforce it by sending more from Faro now. But as discussed, they fight separately and won't help. Maybe we can send a small force to at least cause some damage? Or we could send nothing else to Sevilha and let it fail, then we can rebuild.

Another idea: Instead of attacking Badajoz from Santarem, we could attack Badajoz from Faro and Santarem simultaneously? But they fight separately. If we send from Faro a small force to distract, and from Santarem a large force to win? But we don't have a large force ready. So maybe we should just build and not attack until we have a force that can win in one go.

Let's consider the possibility of capturing a neutral village. Murcia is neutral, but we can't reach it. Are there other neutral villages? The unexplored ones: Zaragoza, Valencia, Castellon, Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona, Barcelona, Girona. They are all enemy or unknown. The only neutral we saw is Murcia. So no easy neutrals.

We need to start somewhere. Let's focus on the south: we have Faro, and we want to expand to Sevilha and Cordoba. To take Sevilha, we need a strong army. We can build archers in Evora and Faro, and then send them to Faro, and then from Faro to Sevilha. But we need to get enough archers. Let's calculate how many turns it takes to get a winning army for Sevilha (defense 30). We need effective attack > 30. With archers counter, raw attack > 20. So raw attack at least 21. If we send all archers: 11 archers give 22 raw, 33 effective. Or mix: e.g., 8 archers (16) + 3 knights (12) = 28 raw, 42 effective, but need archers most numerous: A=8, K=3, A>K, good. So we need about 8-10 archers in one village. We can build archers in Evora and Faro and Lisboa, and then send them to Faro? But sending takes time. We could build in Faro directly. Faro can build 1 archer per turn. So it would take many turns to get 8 archers in Faro. Alternatively, we can build archers in Evora (2 per turn) and send them to Faro (1 turn). So each turn we can send 2 archers from Evora to Faro. After a few turns, Faro will have many archers. Then we can send them to Sevilha. But Sevilha's garrison might also grow. The enemy can build there. So it's a race.

Maybe we should attack a weaker target first to get a village that can then produce more. Badajoz is defense 25, which is lower than Sevilha's 30. And Badajoz is connected to Santarem and Faro. If we take Badajoz, we can use it to produce? But Badajoz is enemy, we would need to capture it first. To capture Badajoz, we need an army. From Santarem, we can build archers. Santarem can build 1 archer per turn. It currently has 2 archers. Next turn 3, then 4, etc. We can also send archers from Lisboa to Santarem. Lisboa can build 1 archer per turn, and send to Santarem in 1 turn. So we can quickly build up Santarem's archers. Let's see: if we focus on Santarem, we can have by next turn: Santarem builds 1 archer -> 3 archers total. Lisboa builds 1 archer, sends to Santarem -> arrives next turn? Actually, if we send from Lisboa this turn, it arrives next turn. So next turn Santarem would have 3 (existing+build) + 1 (from Lisboa) = 4 archers? But careful: the build in Santarem this turn gives 1 archer available next turn. The send from Lisboa this turn arrives next turn. So next turn, Santarem will have its current 2 archers + the 1 built = 3 archers at home, plus the 1 from Lisboa arriving = 4 archers total available? But the one from Lisboa arrives and joins the garrison, so it becomes available. So next turn, Santarem could have 4 archers. Plus it has 6 spearmen and 3 knights. We can then send an attack to Badajoz. With 4 archers, we can make a force where A=4, and we can include some other troops. For example, send A=4, K=3 (tie? A=4 > K=3, so archer most numerous), S=0. Raw attack = 8+12=20, bonus 30 > 25. That works! So if we can get 4 archers in Santarem by next turn, we can beat Badajoz. But wait: we need to send the army from Santarem to Badajoz. The march takes 1 turn. So if we prepare the army in Santarem next turn (turn 15), we can send it to Badajoz on turn 15, and it arrives on turn 16. Then it fights on turn 16. So we can attack on turn 15. But we need to have the 4 archers in Santarem on turn 15. Let's see if we can achieve that.

On turn 14 (this turn), we can:
- Santarem: build 1 archer (uses 20 wood, 10 iron). Santarem currently has 30 wood, 60 iron. After build: 10 wood, 50 iron. The new archer will be ready on turn 15.
- Lisboa: build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Lisboa has 30 wood, 40 iron. After: 10 wood, 30 iron. Ready turn 15.
- Lisboa: send its available knight? We want to send the newly built archer? But we can't send it this turn because it's not ready. We can send the existing knight from Lisboa to Santarem? That would give Santarem an extra knight. But we want archers. Actually, we can send the knight to Santarem, and it will arrive turn 15. That would give Santarem +1 knight. But we need archers. Alternatively, we could send the knight to Santarem to be part of the attack force. But we need to have 4 archers. We can get 4 archers by: Santarem builds 1 (gives 3 total), Lisboa builds 1 and sends to Santarem (arrives turn 15, gives 4). So that works. We don't need to send the knight. We could send the knight to Santarem anyway for extra power, or we could keep it in Lisboa. But Lisboa is interior, safe. We could also send the knight from Evora to somewhere? Evora has 1 knight. We could send it to Faro to reinforce.

So plan for turn 14:
- Build: 
  - Lisboa: 1 archer
  - Santarem: 1 archer
  - Evora: 2 archers (since it can build 2, and we want to build up Evora for later south expansion)
  - Coimbra: 2 archers (to build up Coimbra for north expansion or to send to Santarem? Coimbra can't send to Santarem directly? Actually, Coimbra to Santarem is direct, so we could send archers from Coimbra to Santarem. But Coimbra is border with Porto, so we might want to keep them there. But we can send them to Santarem to help attack Badajoz. Let's think: if we send from Coimbra to Santarem, they would march and arrive. But we need to have enough archers in Santarem by turn 15. If we send from Coimbra this turn, they arrive turn 15. So we could send Coimbra's archers to Santarem. But Coimbra currently has 1 archer. If we build 2 archers in Coimbra this turn, they are ready turn 15. We could then send them from Coimbra to Santarem on turn 15? No, we need to send them this turn to arrive turn 15. But we can't send them this turn because they aren't built yet. So we can only send Coimbra's existing 1 archer this turn. That would arrive turn 15. So we could send Coimbra's 1 archer to Santarem now. That would give Santarem +1 archer on turn 15. Then Santarem would have: 2 existing + 1 built + 1 from Coimbra = 4 archers? Wait, careful: Santarem currently has 2 archers available. If we build 1 in Santarem this turn, it becomes available next turn. So on turn 15, Santarem will have 3 archers at home. If we also send Coimbra's existing archer this turn, it arrives turn 15, making 4 archers at Santarem on turn 15. Additionally, we could send Lisboa's newly built archer? But Lisboa's newly built archer is ready turn 15, but we can't send it this turn because we order movements this turn based on current troops. We can only send troops that are available now. Lisboa's available troops now: 0 archers, 1 knight. So we cannot send an archer from Lisboa this turn because it doesn't have one. We can send the knight. So to get an archer from Lisboa to Santarem, we would need to build it this turn and then send it next turn. So it would arrive turn 16. That's too late for an attack on turn 15. So the only way to get extra archers to Santarem by turn 15 is to send existing archers from other villages this turn. Which villages have archers available now? Santarem has 2, Coimbra has 1. That's it. So we can send Coimbra's 1 archer to Santarem now, arriving turn 15. Then Santarem on turn 15 will have 2 (existing) + 1 (built) + 1 (from Coimbra) = 4 archers. But wait: the 2 existing are available to send on turn 15? Yes, they are at home. So on turn 15, Santarem will have 4 archers available. We can then send an attack to Badajoz on turn 15, using those 4 archers plus other troops. The march takes 1 turn, so they arrive turn 16 and fight. So that works.

But we also need to consider that Santarem might be attacked. If we send Coimbra's archer to Santarem, Coimbra loses its archer, making Coimbra weaker. Coimbra currently has defense 20 with 8 troops. If we send its archer, it has 7 troops, defense might drop. But Coimbra is border with Porto (defense 35) and Salamanca (40). They are strong, so maybe they won't attack. But we can't be sure. We could instead keep Coimbra's archer and build more in Santarem. But Santarem can only build 1 per turn. So without sending from Coimbra, Santarem would have 3 archers on turn 15. With 3 archers, can we beat Badajoz? Let's check: with A=3, we need to have A most numerous and enough attack. Max raw attack with A=3: we can have K up to 3 (tie goes to archer), S up to 2? If S=3, tie with A=3 -> spearman wins. So S max 2. So we can send A=3, K=3, S=2. Raw attack = 6+12+2=20, bonus 30 > 25. So that works! So with 3 archers, we can still beat Badajoz if we include 3 knights and 2 spearmen. Does Santarem have 3 knights and 2 spearmen? Santarem currently has 6 spearmen, 2 archers, 3 knights. So on turn 15, after building 1 archer, it will have 6S, 3A, 3K. We can select to send: 3A, 3K, 2S. That's 8 troops. We can do that. So we don't need to send from Coimbra. Santarem can do it on its own. So we can keep Coimbra's archer for defense.

So plan: 
- Build in Santarem: 1 archer.
- Build in Lisboa: 1 archer (to be used later, maybe send to Santarem or Evora).
- Build in Evora: 2 archers (to build up for south).
- Build in Coimbra: 2 archers (to build up for north or to send to Santarem later).
- Build in Faro: 1 archer (to build up for south).
- Build in Vigo: 1 archer (to build up for north/west).

Now, movements: We need to decide if we want to send any attacks this turn. We could send an attack to Badajoz? But we don't have enough troops in Santarem this turn. We could send some troops from Santarem to Badajoz this turn, but they would arrive turn 15 and fight. With current Santarem troops (6S,2A,3K), if we send them all, we have A=2, S=6, K=3. No bonus, raw attack 22 < 25, lose. If we send a subset: we want to maximize. With A=2, we can't get enough as calculated. So we shouldn't attack Badajoz this turn. We should wait until next turn when we have 3 archers.

What about attacking Sevilha? We already have troops marching. We could send additional from Faro? Faro has 2S,1K. If we send them to Sevilha, they arrive turn 15 (if fast) or 16 (if slow). The knight arrives turn 15, spearmen turn 16. The first group arrives turn 15. So on turn 15, the first group (4S,1A) fights. Then on turn 16, the second group (2S) fights? But the knight would arrive turn 15 and fight separately? Actually, if we send the knight now, it takes 1 turn (fast) so arrives turn 15. The spearmen take 2 turns, so they would arrive turn 16. So on turn 15, we have two groups arriving: the original 4S,1A (from last turn) and the knight from Faro. They fight separately. The original group loses. The knight group: 1K attack 4 vs defense 30, loses. So that's wasteful. We could instead not send the knight, and just let the original group go. Or we could send the knight to reinforce Faro? But we are sending it to Sevilha. Maybe we should send the knight from Faro to Badajoz? But Badajoz is 1 turn from Faro. We could send it to Badajoz to distract? But it would lose.

What about attacking Porto? Too strong.

What about attacking Burgos from Vigo? Vigo has 1S,1K. If we send them, they arrive turn 15 and fight Burgos (def 18). Attack 5, lose. So no.

So maybe we should not send any attacks this turn, except perhaps a small one to gather information? But we don't need information on the ones we can see. We could send a small attack to a village we haven't seen? But we can only attack what we can see or last seen. We could attack Toledo? We don't see Toledo now; it's last seen turn 10. We could send troops from Badajoz? But we don't control Badajoz. We can't attack Toledo directly.

So the best move might be to just build and move reinforcements to border villages to defend. Let's decide on reinforcements:

- Send Evora's knight to Faro. This reinforces Faro's defense. Evora is interior, safe. Faro defense 8 -> with knight, defense increases? Actually, defense is calculated based on troops. Adding a knight increases the effective defense. We want to make Faro harder to attack. Also, we might want to use Faro as a base to attack Sevilha later, so having a knight there is good.
- Send Lisboa's knight to Santarem. Santarem is already strong, but we can send it there to be part of the attack force next turn. Or we could send it to Evora? But Evora is interior. Let's send to Santarem.
- Send Coimbra's available troops? Coimbra has 6S,1A,1K. We could send some to reinforce Coimbra? They are already there. We could send some to Santarem? But Santarem is already strong. We could send the 1 archer from Coimbra to Santarem to give Santarem an extra archer for next turn's attack. That would make Santarem have 3 archers + 1 from Coimbra = 4 archers on turn 15? Wait, if we send Coimbra's archer now, it arrives turn 15. Santarem builds 1 archer, so on turn 15 Santarem has 2 existing + 1 built + 1 from Coimbra = 4 archers. That allows an even stronger attack. But then Coimbra loses its archer. Coimbra's defense might drop, but it's still decent with 6 spearmen and 1 knight. Let's check Coimbra's effective defense: currently 20 with 8 troops (6S,1A,1K). If we send the archer, it has 7 troops (6S,1K). The defense might be lower. But we can build 2 archers in Coimbra this turn, so next turn it will have 6S, 2A, 1K (if we build 2 archers) or 6S, 1A, 2K (if we build 1 knight). So it will recover. So sending Coimbra's archer to Santarem is okay.
- What about Faro's available troops? Faro has 2S,1K. We could send them to Sevilha? But that's an attack. Or we could keep them in Faro to defend. Since we are sending Evora's knight to Faro, Faro will have those 2S,1K plus the knight from Evora = 3S? Actually, Evora's knight arrives turn 15. So on turn 15, Faro will have 2S,1K (existing) + 1K (from Evora) = 2S,2K. That's better defense. So we might want to keep Faro's troops there.
- What about Vigo? We can't send reinforcements. We can only build there. So we build 1 archer in Vigo.

So movements:
- From Evora (2) to Faro (5): send 1 knight.
- From Coimbra (3) to Santarem (1): send 1 archer.
- From Lisboa (0) to Santarem (1): send 1 knight? Or maybe send 1 spearman? Lisboa only has 1 knight available. So send 1 knight.
- Should we send anything from Santarem? We could send some troops to Coimbra to balance? But Coimbra is losing an archer, so we could send a spearman from Santarem to Coimbra? That would be moving from one border to another. But Santarem has plenty of spearmen. Let's see: Santarem has 6S,2A,3K. We could send 2 spearmen to Coimbra to reinforce it after losing the archer. But that would reduce Santarem's attack potential. We need Santarem to have enough for the attack on Badajoz next turn. If we send spearmen away, we might not have enough. But we can always build more. Actually, for the attack on Badajoz, we need to send a specific set of troops. We can choose which ones to send. If we keep Santarem's troops, we can send a mix. If we send some away, we have fewer to choose from. But we can build more spearmen in Santarem? Santarem can build 2 spearmen (30 wood) instead of 1 archer. But we want archers. Let's decide to keep Santarem's troops for the attack, and not send any away from Santarem. We can send from Lisboa and Coimbra to Santarem.

So movements:
- Coimbra -> Santarem: 1 archer.
- Lisboa -> Santarem: 1 knight.
- Evora -> Faro: 1 knight.

What about the marching force to Sevilha? We can't change it. It will go and lose. We might want to send a second force to Sevilha to try again? But we don't have enough. Maybe we should send from Faro its available troops to Sevilha? But as discussed, they fight separately and likely lose. However, if we send the knight from Faro to Sevilha, it arrives turn 15 and fights. The first group arrives turn 15 and fights. The first group has 4S,1A. If by some chance they win? They have attack 6 vs 30, no chance. So both lose. So it's better to keep Faro's troops in Faro to defend, and not waste them. So we should not send from Faro to Sevilha. We can just let the first group be lost. We can't cancel it.

What about Vigo? We could send Vigo's troops to attack Burgos? They would lose. So keep them in Vigo.

So the only movements are reinforcements to Santarem and Faro.

Now, let's consider if we should send any troops to attack a neutral village? None reachable.

What about sending troops from Santarem to Badajoz this turn as a feint? Not useful.

So the plan is: build archers everywhere, send reinforcements to Santarem and Faro, and prepare for an attack on Badajoz next turn from Santarem.

Let's double-check the resources for builds. We want to build:
- Lisboa: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> leaves 10 wood, 30 iron. OK.
- Santarem: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> leaves 10 wood, 50 iron. OK.
- Evora: 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) -> leaves 0 wood, 60 iron. OK.
- Coimbra: 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) -> leaves 0 wood, 50 iron. OK.
- Faro: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> leaves 10 wood, 50 iron. OK.
- Vigo: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> leaves 10 wood, 10 iron. OK.

Total wood used: 20+20+40+40+20+20 = 160. We have total wood 200, so after builds, total wood left: 200 - 160 = 40, distributed as above. Iron used: 10+10+20+20+10+10 = 80, total iron 330, left 250. So fine.

Now, movements:
- From Evora (2) to Faro (5): 1 knight. Evora has 1 knight available. So we send it.
- From Coimbra (3) to Santarem (1): 1 archer. Coimbra has 1 archer available. Send it.
- From Lisboa (0) to Santarem (1): 1 knight. Lisboa has 1 knight available. Send it.

Are there any other movements? We could also send from Lisboa to Evora? But Evora is interior, no need. We could send from Santarem to Coimbra? But we are taking from Coimbra, so maybe we should send some spearmen from Santarem to Coimbra to compensate. But let's see if Santarem can spare. Santarem has 6 spearmen. If we send 2 spearmen to Coimbra, Santarem still has 4 spearmen, 2 archers, 3 knights. That's still a good attack force. And Coimbra would get +2 spearmen, so it would have 6S+2S=8S, 0A? Actually, we are sending Coimbra's 1 archer away, so Coimbra would have 6S, 0A, 1K. If we send 2 spearmen from Santarem, Coimbra gets 8S, 1K. That's better. But then Santarem's attack force is reduced. For the attack on Badajoz next turn, we need to send a force from Santarem. With 4S, 2A, 3K (if we send 2S away), we have A=2, S=4, K=3. That's not enough as we calculated. We need at least 3 archers to have a chance. So we should not send spearmen away from Santarem if we want to attack Badajoz next turn. We could delay the attack by one turn to build more. But let's see if we can attack with what we have. If we keep all in Santarem: 6S, 2A, 3K. We can build 1 archer this turn, so next turn: 6S, 3A, 3K. That's good. If we send Coimbra's archer to Santarem, next turn Santarem has 6S, 4A, 3K. Even better. So we should not send spearmen from Santarem. Coimbra will just have to manage with its own builds. Coimbra can build 2 archers this turn, so next turn it will have 6S, 2A, 1K (if we sent its 1 archer away, it had 1A, we build 2, so total 3A? Wait: Coimbra currently has 6S, 1A, 1K. If we send its 1 archer away, it has 6S, 0A, 1K. Then we build 2 archers this turn, so next turn it has 6S, 2A, 1K. That's fine. So Coimbra's defense will be okay.

So movements: 
- 2 -> 5: 1 knight
- 3 -> 1: 1 archer
- 0 -> 1: 1 knight

Now, we need to write the plan and statement.

Plan: We are building archers in all villages to prepare for an attack on Badajoz next turn from Santarem. We are reinforcing Santarem with Coimbra's archer and Lisboa's knight. We are reinforcing Faro with Evora's knight. We are not attacking Sevilha again until we have a larger army. We are not attacking Porto or Salamanca yet. We are building in Vigo for future.

Statement: We focused on building archers this turn, realizing that knights are countered by the enemy's spearmen. We sent reinforcements to our border villages to deter enemy attacks. We let the small force at Sevilha go, expecting it to be lost, but we will rebuild for a larger assault. We plan to attack Badajoz next turn with a strong archer-led army.

Let's make sure the JSON is correct. We need to specify builds and movements.

Builds: list of objects with villageId, type, quantity.
Movements: list of objects with fromId, toId, troops.

We should also consider if we want to build in all villages? Yes, as above.

But wait: Vigo building 1 archer: Vigo has 30 wood, 20 iron. It can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). That's fine. But we also need to consider that Vigo might want to build something else? Archers are good.

What about Faro? We are building 1 archer there. Faro has 30 wood, 60 iron. OK.

What about Lisboa? Building 1 archer. OK.

What about Santarem? Building 1 archer. OK.

What about Evora? Building 2 archers. OK.

What about Coimbra? Building 2 archers. OK.

Now, movements: 
- from 2 (Evora) to 5 (Faro): troops: {"knight": 1}
- from 3 (Coimbra) to 1 (Santarem): troops: {"archer": 1}
- from 0 (Lisboa) to 1 (Santarem): troops: {"knight": 1}

Are there any other movements? We could also send from Lisboa to Evora? Not needed. We could send from Santarem to Coimbra? We decided not to. We could send from Faro to somewhere? No.

What about the marching force already going to Sevilha? It's already ordered, we don't need to include it.

Now, let's double-check if we have enough troops available to send. 
- Evora: available to send: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. So sending 1 knight is fine.
- Coimbra: available: 6 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Sending 1 archer is fine.
- Lisboa: available: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. Sending 1 knight is fine.

We are not sending spearmen from anywhere.

Now, we need to write the plan and statement in English, 2-4 lines each.

Plan: "Building archers in all villages to counter enemy spearmen. Reinforcing Santarem with Coimbra's archer and Lisboa's knight to prepare for attack on Badajoz next turn. Reinforcing Faro with Evora's knight. Not attacking Sevilha again until we have a larger army. Focus on capturing Badajoz to expand north."

Statement: "This turn we focused on building archers, recognizing that our knights are countered by the enemy's spearmen. We sent reinforcements to our border villages to strengthen our defenses. The small army sent to Sevilha will likely be lost, but we are preparing a larger force to attack Badajoz next turn. We aim to break through the enemy line and expand our territory."

We need to make sure the JSON is valid. The fields are "build", "movements", "plan", "statement". Build and movements are arrays.

Let's write the JSON.

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 3, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 5, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 10, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 2, "toId": 5, "troops": {"knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 3, "toId": 1, "troops": {"archer": 1}},
    {"fromId": 0, "toId": 1, "troops": {"knight": 1}}
  ],
  "plan": "Building archers in all villages to counter enemy spearmen. Reinforcing Santarem with Coimbra's archer and Lisboa's knight to prepare for attack on Badajoz next turn. Reinforcing Faro with Evora's knight. Not attacking Sevilha again until we have a larger army. Focus on capturing Badajoz to expand north.",
  "statement": "This turn we focused on building archers, recognizing that our knights are countered by the enemy's spearmen. We sent reinforcements to our border villages to strengthen our defenses. The small army sent to Sevilha will likely be lost, but we are preparing a larger force to attack Badajoz next turn. We aim to break through the enemy line and expand our territory."
}

Wait, the plan and statement should be 2-4 lines. The above are long single lines. We can make them multi-line? The instruction says "2 to 4 lines". So we can write them as multi-line strings. In JSON, we can use \n for new lines. But it's not required to be exactly 2-4 lines in the JSON string; it's just the content. We can write them as paragraphs. But to be safe, we can write them as a single string with line breaks? Actually, the instruction says: "Write them in ENGLISH, every turn, even if your note from last turn is in another language: - 'plan': your NOTE TO YOUR NEXT TURN, 2 to 4 lines (anything past 600 characters is cut off)." So we should write 2 to 4 lines. We can use newline characters. In JSON, we can include \n. But the example doesn't show that. Usually, we just write a string. I'll write them as strings with sentences, and they will be considered as lines if we put periods. But to be precise, I'll write them as multi-line strings using \n.

Let's check the length: "Building archers in all villages to counter enemy spearmen. Reinforcing Santarem with Coimbra's archer and Lisboa's knight to prepare for attack on Badajoz next turn. Reinforcing Faro with Evora's knight. Not attacking Sevilha again until we have a larger army. Focus on capturing Badajoz to expand north." That's 5 sentences, maybe more than 4 lines. We can condense.

Plan: "Building archers everywhere to counter enemy spearmen. Sending reinforcements to Santarem (archer from Coimbra, knight from Lisboa) and Faro (knight from Evora). Preparing attack on Badajoz from Santarem next turn. Will not attack Sevilha until we have a larger army."

That's 4 lines.

Statement: "This turn we focused on building archers, as knights are countered by spearmen. We reinforced our border villages to deter enemy attacks. The Sevilha force will be lost, but we are readying a strong attack on Badajoz. We aim to expand our territory."

That's 4 lines.

Now, let's verify the builds: we are building in all 6 villages. But wait: we are building in village 10 (Vigo) 1 archer. Vigo has 30 wood, 20 iron. It can build 1 archer. But we also need to consider that Vigo might want to build something else? Archers are good. But note: Vigo is isolated, and we might want to build spearmen there to defend? Actually, archers are good for defense too. So it's fine.

One more thing: we are sending Coimbra's archer to Santarem. But Coimbra is building 2 archers this turn. So next turn Coimbra will have 6S, 2A, 1K (since it lost 1A, but built 2, net +1). That's fine.

What about Lisboa? We are sending its knight to Santarem. Lisboa builds 1 archer. So next turn Lisboa will have 0S, 1A, 0K? Actually, it had 1K, we send it away, so 0K. It builds 1A, so 1A. So Lisboa will have 1 archer at home. That's weak but interior.

Evora: sends knight, builds 2 archers. Next turn: 0S, 2A, 0K? It had 1K, send away, builds 2A -> 2A. So Evora has 2 archers.

Faro: builds 1 archer. It has 2S, 1K available. We are not sending them. So next turn Faro will have 2S, 1A, 1K? Wait, it had 0A, builds 1A -> 1A. So 2S, 1A, 1K. Plus the knight from Evora arriving: so total 2S, 1A, 2K. Good.

Santarem: receives 1 archer from Coimbra, 1 knight from Lisboa. It builds 1 archer. Currently has 6S, 2A, 3K. After builds and arrivals: it will have 6S, 2A+1built+1fromCoimbra = 4A, 3K+1fromLisboa = 4K. So Santarem will have 6S, 4A, 4K on turn 15. That's a large army. We can then send a strong attack to Badajoz.

So the plan works.

Now, we need to output only the JSON. Let's format it nicely.

We should also consider if we need to include the "id" field in builds? The spec says: "build": [ {"villageId": <id>, "type": <...>, "quantity": <n>} ]. So we use "villageId".

Movements: "movements": [ {"fromId": <id>, "toId": <id>, "troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}} ]. We need to specify all three troop types even if 0? The spec says: "troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}. So we should include all three with 0 for missing ones. In our movements, we have:
- from 2 to 5: knight 1 -> {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}
- from 3 to 1: archer 1 -> {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}
- from 0 to 1: knight 1 -> {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}

Yes.

Now, let's write the final JSON.

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 3, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 5, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 10, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 2, "toId": 5, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 3, "toId": 1, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 0, "toId": 1, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}}
  ],
  "plan": "Building archers in all villages to counter enemy spearmen. Reinforcing Santarem with Coimbra's archer and Lisboa's knight to prepare for attack on Badajoz next turn. Reinforcing Faro with Evora's knight. Not attacking Sevilha again until we have a larger army. Focus on capturing Badajoz to expand north.",
  "statement": "This turn we focused on building archers, recognizing that our knights are countered by the enemy's spearmen. We sent reinforcements to our border villages to strengthen our defenses. The small army sent to Sevilha will likely be lost, but we are preparing a larger force to attack Badajoz next turn. We aim to break through the enemy line and expand our territory."
}

But the plan and statement are a bit long. Let's shorten them to 2-4 lines each.

Plan (4 lines):
Building archers everywhere to counter enemy spearmen.
Reinforcing Santarem with Coimbra's archer and Lisboa's knight.
Reinforcing Faro with Evora's knight.
Preparing attack on Badajoz from Santarem next turn.

Statement (3 lines):
This turn we focused on building archers, as knights are countered by spearmen.
We reinforced our border villages to deter enemy attacks.
The Sevilha force will be lost, but we are readying a strong attack on Badajoz.

I'll use these.

Now, ensure the JSON is valid. No trailing commas.

Let's produce the final answer.

ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"arqueiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":2,"destinoId":5,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":3,"destinoId":1,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":0,"destinoId":1,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}}]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [3]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [3]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [10]
ACEITO envio [2]->[5]: 1K
ACEITO envio [3]->[1]: 1A
ACEITO envio [0]->[1]: 1K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Building archers everywhere to counter enemy spearmen.
Reinforcing Santarem with Coimbra's archer and Lisboa's knight.
Reinforcing Faro with Evora's knight.
Preparing attack on Badajoz from Santarem next turn.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): This turn we focused on building archers, as knights are countered by spearmen.
We reinforced our border villages to deter enemy attacks.
The Sevilha force will be lost, but we are readying a strong attack on Badajoz.
########## TURNO 14 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4675 | resposta 9349 | raciocinio 6641 | finish stop | ms 100644
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 12, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 15, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 14, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 7, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 8, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 11, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 9, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 11, \"toId\": 9, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 4, \"toId\": 9, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 3, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"The enemy is attacking Sevilha this turn. We reinforce it with all available troops from Cordoba and Badajoz to ensure it holds. We build 2 spearman in every village to maximize our troop production and prepare for future offensives. Once Sevilha is secure, we will look to push into enemy territory from the southern front.\",\n  \"statement\": \"The enemy is attacking Sevilha, so we rush reinforcements from Cordoba and Badajoz to defend our southern stronghold. We build spearman across all our villages to grow our army and secure our borders.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B in a strategy game. I need to analyze the current state and provide orders for this turn (Turn 14).

Let's understand the state:
- I am King B.
- I currently hold 18 of 24 villages.
- To win, I need to hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.
- I currently hold 18 of 24. This means if I hold 18 this turn, and I held 18 last turn (since the campaign note says "We have reached the victory threshold of 18 villages. This turn is purely defensive to secure the win condition of holding 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns"), wait, did I hold 18 last turn? The prompt says "You currently hold 18 of 24." If I hold 18 this turn, and I held 18 last turn, I might win, or I need to hold it for 2 consecutive turns. Let's make sure I don't lose any villages.
- The enemy capital is Lisboa [0], and there is Evora [2]. These are unexplored.
- The enemy is King A.
- Enemy villages visible: [10] Vigo, [3] Coimbra, [5] Faro, [1] Santarem.
- Unexplored: [0] Lisboa, [2] Evora.
- Total villages: 24.
- My villages (18): Barcelona [22], Tarragona [21], Girona [23], Castellon [18], Zaragoza [17], Huesca [20], Valencia [16], Teruel [13], Madrid [12], Murcia [15], Pamplona [19], Burgos [14], Salamanca [7], Toledo [8], Cordoba [11], Badajoz [4], Porto [6], Sevilha [9].
- Enemy villages (4 visible + 2 unexplored = 6): Vigo [10], Coimbra [3], Faro [5], Santarem [1], Lisboa [0], Evora [2]. Total 6 enemy villages. 18 + 6 = 24. Correct.

Let's check the current status of my villages and resources:
- I have 144 soldiers at home (128 spearman, 5 archer, 11 knight) + 0 marching.
- Enemy has an army marching toward [9] Sevilha, arrives in 1 turn.
- Last turn, King A attacked [9] Sevilha: DEFEAT. A reinforcement of King A (1 knight) arrived at [1] Santarem. A reinforcement of King A (2 spearmen) arrived at [5] Faro. My reinforcement (8 spearmen) arrived at [9] Sevilha.
- Since the enemy army is marching toward [9] Sevilha and arrives in 1 turn, they will attack Sevilha this turn. I need to reinforce Sevilha or make sure it doesn't fall. But wait, I can also send troops to defend or build.
- Let's look at the defense of Sevilha [9]: effective defense 30. Troops at home: 12 (11 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight). Available to send: 11 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight (attack power 15).
- Let's look at other border villages:
  - Badajoz [4]: defense 25, troops 10 (7 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight). Available: 7 spearman, 3 knight.
  - Porto [6]: defense 35, troops 14 (10 spearman, 0 archer, 4 knight). Available: 10 spearman, 4 knight.
  - Burgos [14]: defense 18, troops 7 (5 spearman, 2 archer). Available: 5 spearman, 2 archer.
  - Salamanca [7]: defense 40, troops 16 (15 spearman, 1 archer). Available: 15 spearman, 1 archer.
  - Vigo [10] is enemy, Coimbra [3] is enemy, Faro [5] is enemy, Santarem [1] is enemy.

Let's calculate the enemy army marching toward [9] Sevilha. The report says: "enemy army marching toward [9] Sevilha, arrives in 1 turn". It doesn't specify the composition, but last turn they attacked Sevilha and were defeated, and now they are marching again.
Wait, if I hold 18 villages, and the win condition is "hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns", and I held 18 last turn (as per the campaign plan: "We have reached the victory threshold of 18 villages. This turn is purely defensive to secure the win condition of holding 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns"), then if I don't lose any village this turn, I will have held 18 for 2 consecutive turns (Turn 13 and Turn 14, or Turn 14 and Turn 15). Let's make sure I don't lose any village.
The most threatened village is Sevilha [9], which is being attacked by an enemy army arriving this turn.
Can I defend Sevilha successfully?
Sevilha has 12 troops at home (11 spearman, 1 knight). Effective defense is 30.
If I send reinforcements, they will arrive in some turns. But the enemy army arrives in 1 turn! This means the enemy army will attack Sevilha *this* turn, before any reinforcements I send now can arrive (since marching takes at least 1 turn, and if I send from Cordoba [11], it takes 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn, so they would arrive in 1 turn, but simultaneous combat means the enemy attacks the current garrison, or does it arrive at the same time?).
Wait, the rules say: "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now. Nothing you order this turn is visible to them before it happens."
And "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there... Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
If the enemy army arrives in 1 turn, it means they are already on the road and will reach Sevilha this turn. If I send troops from Cordoba [11] to Sevilha [9], they take 1 turn (1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast). Will they arrive in time to fight alongside the garrison, or will they fight the enemy army on the road?
"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
"Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there... The losing army is destroyed entirely; the winner takes losses and keeps marching."
If the enemy is marching toward Sevilha and arrives in 1 turn, they are on the road between Faro [5] and Sevilha [9] (or Badajoz [4] and Sevilha [9]). If I send troops from Cordoba [11] to Sevilha [9], they will march along the road. Cordoba is connected to Sevilha [9] via [4] Badajoz or [8] Toledo? Let's check the road network:
Cordoba [11] is connected to [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia.
Ah! Cordoba [11] is directly connected to Sevilha [9]!
Let's check the road network: `[9] Sevilha (yours): [4], [5], [11]`. Yes, [11] Cordoba is directly connected to [9] Sevilha.
So march from Cordoba [11] to Sevilha [9] takes 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.
If I send troops from Cordoba to Sevilha, they will march for 1 turn and arrive at Sevilha. But the enemy army is also arriving at Sevilha in 1 turn.
Do they meet on the road, or do they both arrive at the village?
"An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there... Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there: head-on, or when one catches up with the other on the same stretch of road."
If the enemy is marching from Faro [5] to Sevilha [9], they are on the road [5]-[9]. If I march from Cordoba [11] to Sevilha [9], I am on the road [11]-[9]. These are different roads! They meet at Sevilha [9].
"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So if I send troops from Cordoba to Sevilha, they will arrive at Sevilha and fight the enemy army that just arrived. Or do they fight the enemy army that is already there?
Actually, if the enemy army arrives in 1 turn, they will attack the village of Sevilha. The village garrison (12 troops) will defend. If I send troops from Cordoba, they will arrive at Sevilha in 1 turn. Will they join the defense of the village, or will they fight the enemy army as it arrives?
Usually, in these games, if you send troops to a village you own, they arrive and reinforce the garrison. But if the enemy arrives at the same time, they might fight.
Let's look at the combat rules: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs... Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital)."
If the enemy attacks Sevilha, the enemy is the attacker, and the garrison of Sevilha is the defender.
If I send troops to Sevilha, they are reinforcements. Do they count as defenders? Yes, they join the garrison.
But wait, if I send them, they will march for 1 turn. If the enemy arrives in 1 turn, they both arrive on the same turn.
Let's check if I can send troops from somewhere closer, or if I should just build more troops.
Let's look at the available troops in Sevilha: 11 spearman, 1 knight.
If I send all of them to attack an enemy village, I leave Sevilha undefended. But the enemy is marching to Sevilha, so if I send them away, Sevilha might fall. But wait, if I send them to attack, say, Faro [5], they will march and attack Faro. But the enemy is marching to Sevilha. If I attack Faro, the enemy army will just march to Sevilha and attack it. If Sevilha has no troops, it will fall.
So I should probably defend Sevilha.
Can I send troops from Cordoba [11] to Sevilha [9]? Cordoba has 2 spearman. If I send them, they will arrive in 1 turn.
Let's look at the resources of Cordoba: wood 30, iron 100. It has 2 spearman.
What about building troops?
Each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn.
Let's check the resources of my villages:
- Barcelona [22]: wood 40, iron 120. Can build: spearman (15 wood), archer (20 wood + 10 iron), knight (30 wood + 30 iron).
  - Troops at home: 7 (6 spearman, 1 knight). Cap is 300.
  - Can build spearman: costs 15 wood. Wood is 40. Can build 2 spearman (costs 30 wood).
  - Can build archer: costs 20 wood + 10 iron. Wood 40, iron 120. Can build 2 archers.
  - Can build knight: costs 30 wood + 30 iron. Wood 40, iron 120. Can build 1 knight.
- Tarragona [21]: wood 40, iron 110. Troops 7 (6 spearman, 1 knight).
- Girona [23]: wood 40, iron 130. Troops 7 (6 spearman, 1 knight).
- Castellon [18]: wood 30, iron 130. Troops 8 (8 spearman).
- Zaragoza [17]: wood 40, iron 150. Troops 4 (4 spearman).
- Huesca [20]: wood 40, iron 130. Troops 6 (6 spearman).
- Valencia [16]: wood 30, iron 120. Troops 6 (6 spearman).
- Teruel [13]: wood 30, iron 130. Troops 6 (6 spearman).
- Madrid [12]: wood 40, iron 130. Troops 16 (14 spearman, 2 archer).
- Murcia [15]: wood 30, iron 60. Troops 4 (4 spearman).
- Pamplona [19]: wood 40, iron 130. Troops 8 (8 spearman).
- Burgos [14]: wood 30, iron 20. Troops 7 (5 spearman, 2 archer).
- Salamanca [7]: wood 30, iron 90. Troops 16 (15 spearman, 1 archer).
- Toledo [8]: wood 30, iron 130. Troops 4 (4 spearman).
- Cordoba [11]: wood 30, iron 100. Troops 2 (2 spearman).
- Badajoz [4]: wood 30, iron 120. Troops 10 (7 spearman, 3 knight).
- Porto [6]: wood 30, iron 50. Troops 14 (10 spearman, 4 knight).
- Sevilha [9]: wood 40, iron 100. Troops 12 (11 spearman, 1 knight).

Let's calculate how many troops I can build this turn.
Since I need to hold 18 villages, I must ensure none of my villages fall.
The enemy is attacking Sevilha [9].
Let's look at the enemy army marching toward Sevilha. It says "enemy army marching toward [9] Sevilha, arrives in 1 turn".
If I don't send any reinforcements, can the current garrison of Sevilha (11 spearman, 1 knight) defend against the enemy army?
The enemy army composition is not fully known, but last turn they attacked Sevilha and were defeated. The garrison of Sevilha has effective defense 30.
If the enemy army is, say, 10 troops, they might be defeated again.
But to be safe, I should reinforce Sevilha.
Can I send troops from Cordoba [11] to Sevilha [9]? Cordoba has 2 spearman. If I send them, they will arrive in 1 turn.
Can I also send troops from Badajoz [4] to Sevilha [9]? Badajoz is connected to Sevilha [9] via road: `[9] Sevilha (yours): [4], [5], [11]`. Yes, Badajoz is connected to Sevilha.
March from Badajoz to Sevilha: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.
Badajoz has 10 troops (7 spearman, 3 knight). If I send some, they will arrive in 1 turn.
But wait, if I send troops from Badajoz, I weaken Badajoz. Badajoz is a border village with [1] Santarem and [5] Faro. If I send troops from Badajoz, it might be vulnerable. But Sevilha is currently under immediate attack.
Let's check if I can send troops from Cordoba [11] to Sevilha [9]. Cordoba is interior, not a border village (it's connected to [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia, all mine). So sending troops from Cordoba is safe.
Cordoba has 2 spearman. I can send them to Sevilha.
What about building troops?
I should build spearman in all possible villages to grow my army, as per the plan: "We build spearman in all possible villages to grow our army for future operations."
Let's calculate how many spearman I can build in each village:
- Barcelona [22]: wood 40. Spearman costs 15 wood. Can build 2 spearman (uses 30 wood, leaves 10 wood).
- Tarragona [21]: wood 40. Can build 2 spearman.
- Girona [23]: wood 40. Can build 2 spearman.
- Castellon [18]: wood 30. Can build 2 spearman (uses 30 wood).
- Zaragoza [17]: wood 40. Can build 2 spearman.
- Huesca [20]: wood 40. Can build 2 spearman.
- Valencia [16]: wood 30. Can build 2 spearman.
- Teruel [13]: wood 30. Can build 2 spearman.
- Madrid [12]: wood 40. Can build 2 spearman.
- Murcia [15]: wood 30. Can build 2 spearman.
- Pamplona [19]: wood 40. Can build 2 spearman.
- Burgos [14]: wood 30. Can build 2 spearman.
- Salamanca [7]: wood 30. Can build 2 spearman.
- Toledo [8]: wood 30. Can build 2 spearman.
- Cordoba [11]: wood 30. Can build 2 spearman.
- Badajoz [4]: wood 30. Can build 2 spearman.
- Porto [6]: wood 30. Can build 2 spearman.
- Sevilha [9]: wood 40. Can build 2 spearman.

Wait, the cap per village is 300 troops. Currently, the maximum troops at home in any village is 16 (Madrid, Salamanca). So none of them are near the 300 cap. I can build as many as resources allow.
Let's check the exact wood and iron for each village to see if I can build archers or knights, but spearman are the cheapest and most numerous.
Let's list the build capacity for spearman (costs 15 wood):
- Barcelona [22]: wood 40 -> 2 spearman (30 wood)
- Tarragona [21]: wood 40 -> 2 spearman (30 wood)
- Girona [23]: wood 40 -> 2 spearman (30 wood)
- Castellon [18]: wood 30 -> 2 spearman (30 wood)
- Zaragoza [17]: wood 40 -> 2 spearman (30 wood)
- Huesca [20]: wood 40 -> 2 spearman (30 wood)
- Valencia [16]: wood 30 -> 2 spearman (30 wood)
- Teruel [13]: wood 30 -> 2 spearman (30 wood)
- Madrid [12]: wood 40 -> 2 spearman (30 wood)
- Murcia [15]: wood 30 -> 2 spearman (30 wood)
- Pamplona [19]: wood 40 -> 2 spearman (30 wood)
- Burgos [14]: wood 30 -> 2 spearman (30 wood)
- Salamanca [7]: wood 30 -> 2 spearman (30 wood)
- Toledo [8]: wood 30 -> 2 spearman (30 wood)
- Cordoba [11]: wood 30 -> 2 spearman (30 wood)
- Badajoz [4]: wood 30 -> 2 spearman (30 wood)
- Porto [6]: wood 30 -> 2 spearman (30 wood)
- Sevilha [9]: wood 40 -> 2 spearman (30 wood)

Total spearman I can build: 18 villages * 2 = 36 spearman.
Wait, can I build more in some villages if they have more wood?
Barcelona has 40 wood. 40 / 15 = 2.66, so 2 spearman.
None of the villages have more than 40 wood. The maximum wood is 40.
So I can build 2 spearman in each of my 18 villages.
Let's check if I should build archers or knights.
Archers cost 20 wood + 10 iron.
Knights cost 30 wood + 30 iron.
Since spearman are cheap and I need to hold many villages, building spearman is the most efficient way to increase troop count.
Let's check if I have enough iron for archers/knights.
- Barcelona [22]: iron 120. Can build archers (needs 10 iron each). Can build up to 12 archers, but wood limits to 2 (40 wood / 20 wood = 2 archers). So 2 archers.
- Tarragona [21]: iron 110. Wood 40 -> 2 archers.
- Girona [23]: iron 130. Wood 40 -> 2 archers.
- Madrid [12]: iron 130. Wood 40 -> 2 archers.
- Salamanca [7]: iron 90. Wood 30 -> 1 archer (needs 20 wood, 10 iron).
- Burgos [14]: iron 20. Wood 30 -> 1 archer (needs 20 wood, 10 iron).
- Badajoz [4]: iron 120. Wood 30 -> 1 archer (needs 20 wood, 10 iron). Or 1 knight (needs 30 wood, 30 iron). Wood is 30, iron is 120. Can build 1 knight!
- Porto [6]: iron 50. Wood 30 -> 1 knight (needs 30 wood, 30 iron).
- Sevilha [9]: iron 100. Wood 40 -> 1 knight (needs 30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 archers (needs 40 wood, 20 iron).

But spearman are the backbone. Let's just build spearman everywhere to maximize the number of troops, as the plan says: "We build spearman in all possible villages to grow our army for future operations."
Wait, the plan says "We build spearman in all possible villages to grow our army for future operations." Let's stick to building spearman.
Let's check if I should send any troops.
The enemy is attacking Sevilha [9].
Should I send troops from Cordoba [11] to Sevilha [9]?
Cordoba has 2 spearman. If I send them, they will arrive in 1 turn and reinforce Sevilha.
Should I send troops from Badajoz [4] to Sevilha [9]?
Badajoz has 7 spearman, 3 knight. If I send some, they will arrive in 1 turn. But Badajoz is a border village. If I send all, it will be undefended. But I can send, say, 3 spearman and 1 knight to Sevilha, leaving 4 spearman and 2 knight in Badajoz.
Wait, the enemy is not attacking Badajoz this turn (as far as we know, only Sevilha is being attacked).
Let's look at the enemy villages:
- Vigo [10]: garrison 1 spearman, 1 knight.
- Coimbra [3]: garrison 6 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight.
- Faro [5]: garrison 2 spearmen, 1 knight.
- Santarem [1]: garrison 6 spearmen, 2 archers, 3 knights.
If I want to secure my borders, I should keep Badajoz strong. But Sevilha is under attack.
Let's send the 2 spearman from Cordoba [11] to Sevilha [9]. This is safe and helps defend Sevilha.
Should I also send troops from Badajoz?
Badajoz has 10 troops. If I send 3 spearman and 1 knight to Sevilha, Badajoz still has 4 spearman and 2 knight, which is a decent defense.
Let's check the march distance from Badajoz to Sevilha: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.
If I send troops from Badajoz, they will arrive at Sevilha in 1 turn.
Let's check if there are any other threats.
The enemy has an army marching toward Sevilha. No other enemy armies are visible on the march.
So Sevilha is the only active threat.
Let's focus on defending Sevilha.
I will send 2 spearman from Cordoba [11] to Sevilha [9].
I will also send 3 spearman and 1 knight from Badajoz [4] to Sevilha [9].
This will bring Sevilha's garrison to: 11 spearman + 1 knight (existing) + 2 spearman (from Cordoba) + 3 spearman + 1 knight (from Badajoz) = 16 spearman, 2 knight.
This is a very strong defense.
Let's check if I have enough resources in Cordoba and Badajoz to support these troops, but movement doesn't cost resources, only building does.
Wait, does sending troops cost resources? No, only building them costs resources. Sending them just takes time.
Let's check the build orders.
I will build 2 spearman in each of my 18 villages.
Let's list the village IDs:
Barcelona [22], Tarragona [21], Girona [23], Castellon [18], Zaragoza [17], Huesca [20], Valencia [16], Teruel [13], Madrid [12], Murcia [15], Pamplona [19], Burgos [14], Salamanca [7], Toledo [8], Cordoba [11], Badajoz [4], Porto [6], Sevilha [9].
Total 18 villages.
Let's write down the build orders for each:
- Barcelona [22]: 2 spearman
- Tarragona [21]: 2 spearman
- Girona [23]: 2 spearman
- Castellon [18]: 2 spearman
- Zaragoza [17]: 2 spearman
- Huesca [20]: 2 spearman
- Valencia [16]: 2 spearman
- Teruel [13]: 2 spearman
- Madrid [12]: 2 spearman
- Murcia [15]: 2 spearman
- Pamplona [19]: 2 spearman
- Burgos [14]: 2 spearman
- Salamanca [7]: 2 spearman
- Toledo [8]: 2 spearman
- Cordoba [11]: 2 spearman
- Badajoz [4]: 2 spearman
- Porto [6]: 2 spearman
- Sevilha [9]: 2 spearman

Wait, can I build more than 2 in some villages?
Let's check the wood again.
Barcelona: wood 40. 40 / 15 = 2.66 -> 2 spearman.
Tarragona: wood 40 -> 2 spearman.
Girona: wood 40 -> 2 spearman.
Castellon: wood 30 -> 2 spearman.
Zaragoza: wood 40 -> 2 spearman.
Huesca: wood 40 -> 2 spearman.
Valencia: wood 30 -> 2 spearman.
Teruel: wood 30 -> 2 spearman.
Madrid: wood 40 -> 2 spearman.
Murcia: wood 30 -> 2 spearman.
Pamplona: wood 40 -> 2 spearman.
Burgos: wood 30 -> 2 spearman.
Salamanca: wood 30 -> 2 spearman.
Toledo: wood 30 -> 2 spearman.
Cordoba: wood 30 -> 2 spearman.
Badajoz: wood 30 -> 2 spearman.
Porto: wood 30 -> 2 spearman.
Sevilha: wood 40 -> 2 spearman.
Yes, exactly 2 spearman per village.
Total spearman built: 36.

Let's check if I should build any archers or knights instead of some spearman, to have a more balanced army or to counter enemy troops.
The enemy has knights and archers.
But spearman are cheap and I need numbers to hold villages.
Also, the plan says "We build spearman in all possible villages to grow our army for future operations."
Let's stick to spearman.

Let's check the movements:
- From Cordoba [11] to Sevilha [9]: 2 spearman.
- From Badajoz [4] to Sevilha [9]: 3 spearman, 1 knight.
Wait, is Badajoz connected to Sevilha?
Road network: `[9] Sevilha (yours): [4], [5], [11]`. Yes, [4] Badajoz is connected to [9] Sevilha.
March distance: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.
So they will arrive in 1 turn.
Is Cordoba connected to Sevilha?
`[11] Cordoba (yours): [8], [9], [15]`. Yes, [11] is connected to [9].
March distance: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.
So they will arrive in 1 turn.

Let's double check if I should send troops from anywhere else.
What about Porto [6]? It is connected to [3] Coimbra, [7] Salamanca, [10] Vigo. Not directly to Sevilha.
What about Salamanca [7]? Connected to [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto, [12] Madrid. Not directly to Sevilha.
So only Cordoba and Badajoz are directly connected to Sevilha among my nearby villages.
Sending from Cordoba and Badajoz is the best way to reinforce Sevilha quickly.

Let's check if I should send troops from Sevilha itself to attack somewhere? No, Sevilha is being attacked, so we need to defend it.

Let's write the plan and statement.
Plan: "The enemy is attacking Sevilha this turn. We reinforce it with all available troops from Cordoba and Badajoz to ensure it holds. We build 2 spearman in every village to maximize our troop production and prepare for future offensives. Once Sevilha is secure, we will look to push into enemy territory from the southern front."
Statement: "The enemy is attacking Sevilha, so we rush reinforcements from Cordoba and Badajoz to defend our southern stronghold. We build spearman across all our villages to grow our army and secure our borders."

Let's review the JSON format:
{
  "build": [ {"villageId": <id>, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}, ... ],
  "movements": [ {"fromId": 11, "toId": 9, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}}, {"fromId": 4, "toId": 9, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}} ],
  "plan": "...",
  "statement": "..."
}

Let's make sure the village IDs are correct:
- Barcelona: 22
- Tarragona: 21
- Girona: 23
- Castellon: 18
- Zaragoza: 17
- Huesca: 20
- Valencia: 16
- Teruel: 13
- Madrid: 12
- Murcia: 15
- Pamplona: 19
- Burgos: 14
- Salamanca: 7
- Toledo: 8
- Cordoba: 11
- Badajoz: 4
- Porto: 6
- Sevilha: 9

Let's check the build list:
[
  {"villageId": 22, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 21, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 23, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 18, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 17, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 20, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 16, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 13, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 12, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 15, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 19, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 14, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 7, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 8, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 11, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 4, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 6, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 9, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
]

Let's check the movements list:
[
  {"fromId": 11, "toId": 9, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
  {"fromId": 4, "toId": 9, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}}
]

Wait, does Badajoz have 3 knight?
"AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 7 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight (attack power if all sent: 19)"
Yes, Badajoz has 3 knight. I am sending 1 knight and 3 spearman.
Does Cordoba have 2 spearman?
"AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight (attack power if all sent: 2)"
Yes, Cordoba has 2 spearman. I am sending all 2 spearman.

Let's check if I should send more from Badajoz.
Badajoz has 7 spearman, 3 knight. If I send 3 spearman and 1 knight, it leaves 4 spearman and 2 knight. That's a good balance.
If I send all, Badajoz becomes empty, which is risky because it borders Santarem [1] and Faro [5]. So leaving some troops is wise.

Let's check the plan text length: "The enemy is attacking Sevilha this turn. We reinforce it with all available troops from Cordoba and Badajoz to ensure it holds. We build 2 spearman in every village to maximize our troop production and prepare for future offensives. Once Sevilha is secure, we will look to push into enemy territory from the southern front."
This is well under 600 characters.

Let's check the statement text length: "The enemy is attacking Sevilha, so we rush reinforcements from Cordoba and Badajoz to defend our southern stronghold. We build spearman across all our villages to grow our army and secure our borders."
This is 2 lines, well within the limit.

Let's double check if there are any other constraints.
"Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."
Yes, all villages have enough wood for 2 spearman.
- Barcelona: wood 40, cost 30. OK.
- Tarragona: wood 40, cost 30. OK.
- Girona: wood 40, cost 30. OK.
- Castellon: wood 30, cost 30. OK.
- Zaragoza: wood 40, cost 30. OK.
- Huesca: wood 40, cost 30. OK.
- Valencia: wood 30, cost 30. OK.
- Teruel: wood 30, cost 30. OK.
- Madrid: wood 40, cost 30. OK.
- Murcia: wood 30, cost 30. OK.
- Pamplona: wood 40, cost 30. OK.
- Burgos: wood 30, cost 30. OK.
- Salamanca: wood 30, cost 30. OK.
- Toledo: wood 30, cost 30. OK.
- Cordoba: wood 30, cost 30. OK.
- Badajoz: wood 30, cost 30. OK.
- Porto: wood 30, cost 30. OK.
- Sevilha: wood 40, cost 30. OK.

Everything looks perfectly valid. I will output the JSON now.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":11,"destinoId":9,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":4,"destinoId":9,"tropas":{"lanceiro":3,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [20]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [20]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [13]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [13]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [12]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [12]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [15]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [15]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [14]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [14]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [8]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [8]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO envio [11]->[9]: 2S
ACEITO envio [4]->[9]: 3S+1K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): The enemy is attacking Sevilha this turn. We reinforce it with all available troops from Cordoba and Badajoz to ensure it holds. We build 2 spearman in every village to maximize our troop production and prepare for future offensives. Once Sevilha is secure, we will look to push into enemy territory from the southern front.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): The enemy is attacking Sevilha, so we rush reinforcements from Cordoba and Badajoz to defend our southern stronghold. We build spearman across all our villages to grow our army and secure our borders.
COMBATE [9] Sevilha: atacante A Fatk=14 (ef 14) Fdef=12 (ef 15) vant=0 -> vence defensor | baixas~6
REFORCO [1] Santarem dono A: 1K
REFORCO [5] Faro dono A: 2S
REFORCO [9] Sevilha dono B: 8S
placar: A 6 ald/tropas 23 | B 18 ald/tropas 138 | neutras 0 | transito 6 (A 4 | B 2)

=== FIM === turno 14 | resultado: B | A 6 ald | B 18 ald | neutras 0

================== RESUMO ==================
Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free): 60 envios, 147 tropas, tamanho medio 2.45
Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free): 75 envios, 298 tropas, tamanho medio 3.97
============================================

============== TOKENS DE CONTEXTO (prompt/input por turno) ==============
Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free): turnos validos 14 | media 3480 tok | min 2327 | max 4293
  crescimento: 1o turno 2412 -> ultimo 3804 tok | 1o terco media 2585 -> ultimo terco media 3858 (49%)
  serie (turno:prompt): 1:2412  2:2327  3:2646  4:2954  5:3235  6:3653  7:3738  8:3969  9:4060  10:4293  11:3774  12:3800  13:4055  14:3804
Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free): turnos validos 14 | media 3940 tok | min 2435 | max 4922
  crescimento: 1o turno 2435 -> ultimo 4675 tok | 1o terco media 2868 -> ultimo terco media 4842 (69%)
  serie (turno:prompt): 1:2435  2:2702  3:3115  4:3219  5:3378  6:3723  7:4129  8:4068  9:4543  10:4473  11:4874  12:4897  13:4922  14:4675
========================================================================