=== PARTIDA Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) vs Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) | seed 9 | maxTurnos 30 | 9/28/2026, 3:21:38 AM ===
condicoes: ambiente=iberia | temp=0 | prompt=P4 EN (esquema declarado, sem exemplo, sem minimos, vitoria real, reforco, quantidade) + FOG OF WAR + P5 EXPERIMENTAL (A: campanha | B: P4) + combate v3 (atq/def, counter 1.5) + clamp | regras=v4 (counter 1.5, cav def2/1t, madeira 30, dist x0.2, vitoria 75%/2t) | mesa: ordem espelhada + chegada sorteada | thinking=on (sem limite) | max_tokens_resposta=128000 (default alto, auto-ajustavel por modelo)

########## TURNO 1 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 2436 | resposta 11247 | raciocinio 10265 | finish stop | ms 134338
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\n      \"villageId\": 0,\n      \"type\": \"archer\",\n      \"quantity\": 1\n    }\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\n      \"fromId\": 0,\n      \"toId\": 1,\n      \"troops\": {\n        \"spearman\": 1,\n        \"archer\": 2,\n        \"knight\": 0\n      }\n    },\n    {\n      \"fromId\": 0,\n      \"toId\": 2,\n      \"troops\": {\n        \"spearman\": 1,\n        \"archer\": 2,\n        \"knight\": 0\n      }\n    }\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Capture Santarem and Evora to secure a foothold. Next turn, build archers and spearmen in all three villages, then send armies from Santarem to Coimbra and Badajoz, and from Evora to Faro. Continue expanding along the roads, capturing neutral villages and eventually confronting the enemy. Aim to reach 18 villages quickly while building a strong army.\",\n  \"statement\": \"I have ordered the construction of an archer and dispatched my forces to take the neutral villages of Santarem and Evora. With my archers leading the charge, I expect swift victories, and I will expand my kingdom's borders!\"\n}"
raciocinio: We need to produce a JSON response. The user is King A, playing a turn-based strategy game. We have 1 village (Lisboa) with 12 troops. Goal: hold at least 18 of 24 villages for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. Currently hold 1 of 24.

We need to decide on build orders and movement orders. Also write plan and statement.

First, analyze the situation. We have 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight at home. Resources: wood 30 (+30/turn), iron 20 (+20/turn). So we produce 30 wood and 20 iron each turn. Village can build troops: costs: spearman 15 wood, 0 iron; archer 20 wood, 10 iron; knight 30 wood, 30 iron. We have 30 wood and 20 iron available now. We can build some troops this turn.

We need to expand. The nearest neutral villages are Santarem (1) and Evora (2), both 1 turn away (any speed). They each have 1 spearman garrison, defense 3 (effective). We can attack them with our troops. But we must consider that we only have 12 troops. If we send all, we might capture one, but then our capital will be empty? Actually we can leave some at home. But we need to build more troops to have enough to hold captured villages and continue expanding.

Also note: we can build troops this turn. We have resources to build maybe a few archers or knights? Let's calculate.

Current stock: wood 30, iron 20.
If we build 1 archer: cost 20 wood, 10 iron -> wood 10, iron 10 left.
If we build 1 knight: cost 30 wood, 30 iron -> not enough iron (only 20). So can't build knight.
If we build 1 spearman: cost 15 wood, 0 iron -> wood 15, iron 20 left.
We could build 2 spearmen: 30 wood, 0 iron -> wood 0, iron 20.
Or 1 spearman + 1 archer: 15+20=35 wood >30, not enough.
So max: either 2 spearmen, or 1 archer, or 1 spearman. Also we could build nothing.

But we also need to consider that the village produces resources each turn, so we could save for next turn. However, we need to expand quickly to reach 18 villages. The enemy capital is Barcelona, but we don't need to take it. We need to conquer many villages.

We have 1 village, need 18. There are 24 total, so we need to capture 17 more. The enemy likely has many villages. We need to build a strong army.

Given the slow start, maybe we should build archers because they have higher attack (2) and cost 20 wood, 10 iron. With 30 wood, 20 iron, we can build 1 archer and have 10 wood, 10 iron left. Or we could build 2 spearmen (30 wood) and have 20 iron left. Spearmen are cheaper but attack 1, defense 2. Archers attack 2, defense 2. Knights attack 4 but need 30 iron, so can't build yet.

We also need to consider counter triangle. But for now, against neutral villages with 1 spearman, any troop can win easily. The effective defense of neutral village is 3 (including location bonus). If we attack with, say, 5 spearman, they have attack 5, defense 3, we win. But we need to consider that we might lose some troops.

We should send troops to capture Santarem and Evora. They are both 1 turn away. We can send part of our army to each, or all to one. Since they are neutral, we can take them. But we need to hold them. After capture, they become ours, and we can use their resources to build more troops.

We need to decide on builds and movements.

Let's think about the road network. Lisboa connects to Santarem (1) and Evora (2). From Santarem, we can go to Coimbra (3) and Badajoz (4). From Evora, to Faro (5). So we have two branches.

We need to expand quickly. Perhaps we should send all troops to capture one village, then use that village to build more, then capture the other. But if we send all to Santarem, Evora remains neutral, and we might be attacked? The enemy might also move. But we don't know enemy positions.

Since we only see our own villages and adjacent ones, we don't know where the enemy is. But we know the enemy capital is Barcelona (22), which is far away. The enemy likely has villages around there. So maybe the enemy is in the east. We are in the west (Lisboa). So we have time to expand before meeting the enemy.

We should capture both Santarem and Evora as soon as possible. We can send, say, 5 spearman to Santarem and 4 archer + 3 knight to Evora? But we need to consider that troops sent from different villages never add up; they fight separately. But here we are sending from one village (Lisboa) to two different targets. That's fine: we can split our forces. However, the movement orders: we can send multiple armies from the same village? The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." But sending from the same village to different targets is allowed. We can have multiple movement orders from the same village? The JSON format allows an array of movements. Typically, you can send multiple armies from the same village, but they would all depart simultaneously. However, the village has a total number of troops; you can allocate them into different groups. So we can send some to Santarem, some to Evora.

But we need to consider that the village's garrison can be split. We have 12 troops at home. We can send, say, 6 to Santarem and 6 to Evora. But we need to decide composition.

Let's calculate the fight. Neutral village has 1 spearman, effective defense 3. If we attack with, say, 3 spearman: attack 3, defense 3 (but defender gets defense x1.25? Wait, the rule: "Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital)." The effective defense given in the report already includes the location bonus. So for Santarem, effective defense is 3. That means the garrison's defense after bonus is 3. The garrison is 1 spearman, which has defense 2. In a village, defense x1.25 gives 2.5, maybe rounded? 2 * 1.25 = 2.5, but they show 3. So maybe it's rounded up. Anyway, we use the given effective defense 3.

Our attack power: if we send 5 spearman, attack = 5. We win, but we take losses. The winner takes losses against the loser's effective force. The loser's effective force is 3 (defense). So our losses would be based on that. The rules: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So we would lose some troops. How many? Probably the losses are proportional. The exact formula isn't given, but we can assume we lose some. With 5 spearman vs defense 3, we might lose, say, 1 or 2. But we can afford it.

If we send archers: attack 2 each. 4 archers = attack 8. They have defense 3. We win with fewer losses? Actually, the loss calculation might be: your losses = (enemy effective force) * (some factor). But we don't know. To be safe, we might want to send minimal force to reduce losses. But we also need to capture the village. The garrison is only 1 spearman, but with defense bonus it's effective 3. If we send just 2 spearman (attack 2), we lose because attack 2 vs defense 3, tie favors defender, so we lose. So we need at least attack > 3 to win. With 4 spearman (attack 4) we win. Or 2 archers (attack 4) win. Or 1 knight (attack 4) win. But knight is fast, but costs a lot.

We could send 4 spearman to Santarem and 4 spearman to Evora? But we only have 5 spearman total. We need to split wisely.

Maybe we should send all to one village, capture it, then use that village's resources to build more, then capture the other. But if we leave our capital with only a few troops, it might be vulnerable? But the enemy is far, so probably safe.

Alternatively, we can build more troops this turn before sending. We have resources to build 2 spearmen (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). If we build 2 spearmen, we'd have 7 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight = 14 troops. Then we could send, say, 5 spearman to Santarem, 5 spearman to Evora? But we only have 7 spearman, so we can't send 5 to each. We could send 4 spearman to one and 3 spearman + some archers to the other? But archers have higher attack.

Let's think about the composition. Against a single spearman with defense 3, archers are efficient: 2 archers have attack 4, which is enough to win (4 > 3). Spearman: 4 spearman have attack 4. So both work. But archers cost more iron. We have 20 iron, so we can build some archers.

Maybe we should build 1 archer this turn, giving us 5 archer. Then we can send 2 archers to one village and 3 archers to the other? But we also have spearman and knights. We could mix.

But note: when attacking, the counter triangle matters. The garrison is spearman. If we send archers, archers counter spearman? Wait: "spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer." So archer counters spearman. That means if our army's most numerous type is archer, and the enemy is spearman, we get a 1.5x multiplier on our force. So if we send all archers, we get a bonus. That could make our attack even stronger.

So using archers against these spearman garrisons is good. We have 4 archers already. If we build 1 more, we have 5. We could send 3 archers to Santarem and 2 archers to Evora? But 2 archers attack 4, with counter bonus? If we send 2 archers, the most numerous type is archer (2 vs 0 others), so we get the counter bonus? The rule: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So if we send only archers, the most numerous is archer. The enemy garrison is 1 spearman, so their most numerous is spearman. Archer counters spearman, so our force is multiplied by 1.5. So 2 archers would have effective attack 4 * 1.5 = 6? Or is the multiplier applied to the total attack? The rule: "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So our total attack force is multiplied. So 2 archers (attack 2 each) = 4, times 1.5 = 6 effective attack. That's more than enough. We might win with just 1 archer? 1 archer attack 2, with counter? But if we send 1 archer, the most numerous is archer (only type), so counter applies: 2 * 1.5 = 3. That equals the defense 3. Tie favors defender, so we would lose or tie? "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER." So 3 vs 3 tie, defender wins, we lose. So we need at least 2 archers to get 4*1.5=6 > 3, win. Or 1 archer and some other type? If we mix, the most numerous type might not be archer if we send, say, 1 archer and 1 spearman. Then tie in count breaks in order spearman, archer, knight: so spearman is considered most numerous? That would be bad because spearman does not counter spearman (no bonus). So we should send only archers to get the bonus.

Similarly, if we send only spearmen, spearman vs spearman: no counter (since spearman counters knight, not spearman). So no bonus. So we need 4 spearmen to get attack 4 > 3.

So archers are more efficient: 2 archers can take a village, costing 40 wood, 20 iron (if we build them). But we already have 4 archers. We can send 2 archers to each village, using 4 archers total. That leaves us with 5 spearman and 3 knight at home. That seems good.

But we also need to consider that after capturing, we will have new villages with their own troops. The neutral villages have 1 spearman garrison; when we capture, do we get that garrison? Probably we capture the village, and the garrison becomes ours? Or is it destroyed? Typically in these games, when you capture, the enemy garrison is eliminated, and you can then use the village as your own, with its resources and capacity to build troops. The initial garrison might be lost. So we might not get the 1 spearman. So we need to build new troops there.

So our plan: this turn, we should build more troops if possible, and send forces to capture Santarem and Evora.

Let's decide on builds. We have 30 wood, 20 iron. We can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 10 iron. Or we can build 2 spearmen (30 wood) leaving 20 iron. Or we can build nothing and save for next turn. Since we need to capture quickly, building something is better. Archers are more effective against these garrisons, but they cost iron. We have 20 iron, so we can build 1 archer and have 10 iron left. Next turn, we'll produce 30 wood, 20 iron, so we'll have 40 wood, 30 iron? Actually, resources are per village. Our capital produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. The new villages will also produce once captured. So we need to consider that.

Maybe we should build 2 spearmen because they are cheaper in iron, and we can use them to capture villages. But spearmen are slow, and we might want faster troops later. However, for now, we need to expand.

Let's think about the long term. We need 18 villages. We have 1, need 17 more. There are 21 neutral/enemy villages. We need to conquer most of them. The enemy capital is Barcelona, but we don't need to take it. The enemy likely has many villages around Barcelona. We need to avoid being destroyed.

Our initial troops: 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight. Knights are fast and have high attack (4), but they cost a lot to build. We already have 3, which is good. We might want to use them as a strike force. But they are few.

We should use our existing troops to capture the nearest villages. Let's plan movements.

We can send:
- To Santarem: 2 archers (or 4 spearmen)
- To Evora: 2 archers (or 4 spearmen)

But we only have 4 archers total. If we send 2 to each, we use all archers. That leaves our capital with 5 spearman and 3 knight. That might be okay for defense, but we might want to keep some archers at home? The enemy might attack us, but they are far. So it's probably safe.

Alternatively, we could send 3 archers to one and 1 archer + something to the other? But 1 archer alone is not enough (tie). So we need at least 2 archers per target if going pure archers.

We could mix: send 1 archer + some spearman? But then the most numerous might be spearman if we send more spearmen. For example, send 2 spearman and 1 archer: most numerous is spearman (2 vs 1), no counter bonus. Attack: spearman 2*1=2, archer 2, total 4. Defense 3, we win but without bonus. That works, but we use more troops. But we have plenty of spearman? We have 5 spearman. We could send 3 spearman to one and 2 spearman + 1 archer to the other? But we need to ensure we win with acceptable losses.

Actually, the loss calculation: we want to minimize losses. With archers, we get counter bonus, so we likely suffer fewer losses because our effective force is higher. But the exact loss formula isn't given. In many similar games, losses are proportional to the enemy's effective force divided by yours. So a larger force multiplier means fewer losses. So using archers with counter is better.

So I'll go with sending 2 archers to each neutral village. That uses all 4 archers. We'll have 5 spearman and 3 knight left at Lisboa.

But we also need to consider that we might want to build more archers this turn. If we build 1 archer, we'd have 5 archers. Then we could send 2 to one, 3 to the other, or 2 to each and keep 1 at home. But building an archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. We have 30 wood, 20 iron. If we build 1 archer, we have 10 wood, 10 iron left. Then we send 2 archers to Santarem and 2 to Evora? That would leave 1 archer at home (the newly built one) plus the 5 spearman and 3 knight. But we need to specify which troops we send. The movement order specifies quantities of each type. We can send any number we have.

So if we build 1 archer, total archers = 5. We can send 2 to Santarem, 2 to Evora, and keep 1 at home. Or send 3 to one and 2 to the other. Since both have same defense, either is fine.

But do we need to keep troops at home? The capital is safe for now, but if we leave it empty, it could be captured. But with 5 spearman and 3 knight, it's not empty. We can leave some.

Let's decide: build 1 archer? Or build 2 spearmen? Building 2 spearmen costs 30 wood, 0 iron, giving us 7 spearman. Then we could send, say, 4 spearman to Santarem and 3 spearman to Evora? But 3 spearman attack 3 vs defense 3, tie -> defender wins. So we need at least 4 spearman to win without counter. So we could send 4 to one and 3 to the other? 3 is not enough. We could send 4 to each, but we only have 7. So we can't do both with spearmen only. We would need to mix with archers or knights.

If we build 2 spearmen, we have 7 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight. We could send 4 spearman to Santarem, and for Evora send 2 archer + 1 spearman? But then the most numerous for Evora force: if we send 2 archer and 1 spearman, most numerous is archer (2 vs 1), so counter bonus applies: archer counters spearman, so our force is multiplied by 1.5. Attack: 2 archers (4) + 1 spearman (1) = 5, times 1.5 = 7.5, definitely wins. But we use 2 archers and 1 spearman. That leaves us with 7-4=3 spearman at home, 4-2=2 archers, 3 knights. That's okay.

But building 2 spearmen uses all our wood, leaving 20 iron. We could also build an archer? No, wood is 0 after building 2 spearmen. So we can't build archer same turn if we build 2 spearmen.

Maybe we should not build this turn, and just send our existing troops. We have 4 archers, 5 spearman, 3 knight. We can send 2 archers to each, leaving 5 spearman, 3 knight. That works without building. But then we waste a turn of building. Next turn, we'll have resources to build, and we can use the captured villages' resources.

I think it's better to build something this turn to grow our army. Since we have iron, we might want to build archers because they are more powerful. But we need wood too. Let's check next turn's production: our capital will produce 30 wood, 20 iron. If we capture two villages, they will also produce. Santarem and Evora are neutral; we don't know their production, but likely they also produce 30 wood, 20 iron? The rule says: "Each village you hold produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn." So all villages produce the same. So once captured, they will produce that.

So if we capture both, we'll have 3 villages producing 30 wood, 20 iron each = 90 wood, 60 iron per turn. That's a lot. So we can quickly build a large army.

So this turn, we should capture both villages. We can do it with our existing troops without building, to save resources for next turn when we can build more efficiently. But if we don't build this turn, we have 30 wood, 20 iron just sitting there. We could build something now, and it will be ready next turn? Actually, builds take 1 turn: "ready in 1 turn." So if we order a build this turn, it will be available at the start of next turn? The rules: "spearman: costs 15 wood + 0 iron, ready in 1 turn." So if we order today, they are ready tomorrow. So we can order builds now, and they will be available for movement tomorrow. So we should build now to have more troops tomorrow.

What should we build? We need to consider what we will need next. After capturing Santarem and Evora, we'll want to expand further. From Santarem, we can go to Coimbra (3) and Badajoz (4). From Evora, to Faro (5). Those are neutral (unexplored). We'll need troops to capture them. They might have larger garrisons because "Neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type." Since it's turn 1, they have only 1 spearman. But as turns pass, they will gain more. So we should expand quickly.

We might want to build archers or knights. Knights are very powerful (attack 4, fast) but cost 30 wood, 30 iron. We have 20 iron, so we can't build a knight this turn unless we get more iron. We have 20 iron, so we could build 1 archer (10 iron) and have 10 iron left, or 2 archers (20 iron) but that would cost 40 wood, we only have 30 wood. So max 1 archer this turn. Or we could build 2 spearmen (30 wood, 0 iron). Spearmen are cheaper and we can use them to garrison captured villages or attack.

Given that we already have 4 archers, and we're sending them all to capture villages, we might want to keep some archers at home? Actually, after sending 2 to each, we have 0 archers left. That might be okay, but then our capital has only spearman and knights. Knights are fast and good, but they are few. We might want to build more archers for future attacks because they counter spearman, which is common.

Let's think about the enemy. The enemy capital is Barcelona, likely surrounded by enemy villages. The enemy might have archers and knights. We need a balanced army.

I think a good strategy is to build 1 archer this turn, giving us 5 archers. Then we can send 2 archers to Santarem, 2 archers to Evora, and keep 1 archer at home. That uses 4 archers, leaves 1. We also have 5 spearman and 3 knight. We can leave the spearman and knight at home for defense, or send some spearman to reinforce the captured villages? But we don't need to send more than necessary; we want to minimize losses. The 2 archers should be enough to take the village. After capture, we can build troops there.

But wait: when we send 2 archers to a village, they will fight the garrison. If they win, they capture the village. Any surviving troops will be in the village? Probably the army that captures will remain there as garrison? Or we can order them to move elsewhere after? The rules: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So if we send to a neutral village, they stop and fight. After winning, they are in that village. They become the garrison? Typically yes. Then we can later move them out if we want.

So after capturing, we'll have troops in those villages. We might want to leave some troops there to defend, but they can also be used to build more.

So this turn, let's build 1 archer, and send 2 archers to Santarem, 2 archers to Evora. That uses 4 archers, leaving 1 newly built archer at home? Actually, we start with 4 archers. If we build 1, we have 5. We send 2 to Santarem, 2 to Evora, so 4 sent, 1 remains at home. That's good.

But we also have 5 spearman and 3 knight at home. We could also send some spearman to reinforce, but it's not necessary. We might want to send some to reduce the risk of the enemy recapturing? But the enemy is far. So we can leave them at home to build more or prepare for next expansion.

Alternatively, we could send 3 archers to one and 2 to the other, but both are same.

Let's check resources: if we build 1 archer, cost 20 wood, 10 iron. We have 30 wood, 20 iron. After build: wood 10, iron 10. Then we send troops, but sending troops doesn't cost resources (only building does). So we'll have 10 wood, 10 iron at the end of turn. Next turn, our capital will produce 30 wood, 20 iron, so we'll have 40 wood, 30 iron. Plus the two new villages will produce, so we'll have a lot.

Now, what about the plan and statement?

Plan: We need to write a campaign plan for the next several turns. We should describe our strategy: capture Santarem and Evora, then expand to Coimbra, Badajoz, Faro, etc., building up our army, and eventually push towards the enemy capital or take enough villages to reach 18. We need to consider the road network and likely enemy positions.

Statement: A short text for the audience about what we did this turn. For example: "I built an archer and sent forces to capture Santarem and Evora, expanding my territory."

Now, we need to output JSON. The fields: build, movements, plan, statement.

Build: we want to build 1 archer at Lisboa (villageId 0). So build: [{"villageId": 0, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}]

Movements: we need to send troops from Lisboa (0) to Santarem (1) and Evora (2). We'll send 2 archers to each. So movements: [
  {"fromId": 0, "toId": 1, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 0}},
  {"fromId": 0, "toId": 2, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 0}}
]

But wait: we have 5 archers total after building? Actually, we start with 4, build 1, so 5. We send 2 to each, total 4 sent, so 1 remains. That's fine. But we need to specify the exact numbers. The troops we send are from the village's available troops. The village has 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight initially. After building, it will have 5 spearman, 5 archer, 3 knight? Actually, the build adds to the home troops. So at the moment of sending, we have those numbers. We can send any number up to what we have. So sending 2 archers to each is fine.

But do we need to send spearman or knights? Probably not, to keep our core army at home.

We could also send some spearman to the villages after capture to garrison them, but we can do that later.

So movements as above.

Now, plan: We need to write a 2-6 line plan. Let's draft:

"Capture Santarem and Evora to expand my territory. Then, use their resources to build more troops. Next, push to Coimbra and Badajoz from Santarem, and Faro from Evora. Continue expanding westward and southward, securing as many villages as possible. Build a strong army of archers and knights to counter the enemy. Aim to reach 18 villages quickly."

That's a bit long. We can make it concise.

Statement: "I built an archer and sent two groups of two archers to capture the neutral villages of Santarem and Evora, securing my first new territories."

But we need to be careful: the statement should be 2-4 lines. It can be emotional.

Now, we must ensure we follow the rules: we only order builds that the village can pay for. Lisboa has 30 wood, 20 iron. Building 1 archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron, so it can pay. We have enough.

Also, we need to consider that the village's cap is 300 troops, we have only 12, so no issue.

Now, let's double-check the effective defense of the neutral villages: they have 1 spearman, effective defense 3. Our 2 archers: attack 2 each, total 4. With counter bonus (archer vs spearman), multiplier 1.5, effective attack 6. So we win easily. Losses: we'll lose some troops, but with 6 vs 3, we probably lose 1 or 2 archers? The exact loss formula isn't specified, but we can assume we'll have some losses. But we have 5 archers, so sending 4 might result in 2 or 3 surviving. That's okay; they can stay as garrison.

We might want to send more troops to ensure we have enough to hold the village. But the rules say: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there." After winning, the army is in the village. It can then be used as garrison. If we send only 2 archers and they both die, we might not have any troops left to hold? But the village is captured; I think the capturing army becomes the garrison, but if they all die, the village might become neutral again? Usually in these games, if you kill all your troops, you don't capture. But the rule says "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER. The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So the winner takes losses, meaning some of your troops die, but you still win and capture. The surviving troops remain. So you need at least some survivors to occupy. With 2 archers, effective attack 6 vs defense 3, we should have at least 1 survivor. Probably fine.

But to be safe, we could send 3 archers to each? That would use 6 archers, but we only have 5 after building. So we can't send 3 to each. We could send 3 to one and 2 to the other. Both will win. The one with 3 will have more survivors. That's fine.

Alternatively, we could send 4 spearman to one and 4 spearman to the other? But we only have 5 spearman. So we can't.

We could mix: send 2 archers and 1 spearman to each? That uses 4 archers and 2 spearmen. Then we have 3 spearman left. But then the most numerous type in each force: 2 archers vs 1 spearman -> archer is most numerous, so counter bonus applies. Attack: 2 archers (4) + 1 spearman (1) = 5, times 1.5 = 7.5. That's even better. But we use more troops. We have plenty of spearman (5). So we could send 2 archers + 1 spearman to Santarem, and 2 archers + 1 spearman to Evora. That uses 4 archers and 2 spearmen, leaving 3 spearman and 3 knight at home. That might be better because the extra spearman adds a bit of attack and also provides a garrison troop that can defend the village (spearman have good defense). Also, after capture, we'll have those troops there.

But do we need to conserve archers? We have 4 initially, building 1 gives 5. So we can send 2 to each, that's 4, leaving 1 archer at home. If we add spearmen, we use more troops but that's okay.

I think sending 2 archers + 1 spearman to each is a good idea. It ensures we have a mix in the new villages, and we still have 3 spearman and 3 knight at home. Let's do that.

So movements:
- to Santarem: 2 archer, 1 spearman
- to Evora: 2 archer, 1 spearman

That uses 4 archers, 2 spearmen. We have 5 archers after build? Wait, we start with 4, build 1 -> 5. So we send 4, leave 1. Spearman: start with 5, send 2, leave 3. Knight: 3, send 0, leave 3.

Now, check if we can afford the build: build 1 archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. We have 30 wood, 20 iron. After build: wood 10, iron 10. Then we send troops; no cost. So fine.

But wait: the build is at Lisboa. The troops we send include the newly built archer? Yes, because it's ready in 1 turn, meaning it's available at the start of the next turn? Or is it available immediately? The phrase "ready in 1 turn" typically means if you order it now, it will be available next turn. But the rules say: "Each troop type has its own ATTACK and DEFENSE values... costs... ready in 1 turn." And "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." It doesn't specify exactly when they are available. In many turn-based games, if you build something, it appears at the beginning of the next turn. But the movement orders are simultaneous with the enemy's orders over the snapshot of the map. So if we order a build, does it affect the troops we can send this turn? Typically, you can only send troops that exist at the time of the order. Since the build takes 1 turn, the new troops are not available for movement this turn. So we should not count the newly built archer in the troops we send this turn. We need to be careful.

Let's read the rules: "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." And "Each troop type... ready in 1 turn." In the context of simultaneous orders, it likely means that if you order a build, the troops will be available at the start of the next turn, after the current turn's movements have resolved. So you cannot send them this turn. Therefore, we should only send troops that we currently have. Our current troops: 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight. So we cannot send 2 archers to each if we only have 4 archers total? We have 4 archers now. If we send 2 to each, that's 4, so we use all our archers. That's fine. But if we build an archer, it won't be available until next turn. So we can still send our existing 4 archers this turn. The build will add 1 archer to our home village for next turn.

So our movement should be based on current troops. We have 4 archers. We can send 2 to Santarem and 2 to Evora. That uses all 4. We also have 5 spearman; we can send some of those. So we can send 2 archers + 1 spearman to each, using 4 archers and 2 spearmen. That works.

But wait: if we send 2 archers to Santarem, we are using 2 of our 4 archers. So after sending, we have 0 archers left at home. That's okay. The build will give us 1 archer next turn.

So the build is independent of this turn's movements. So we can build 1 archer now, and it will be ready next turn. Our movements use current troops.

So let's finalize:

Build: 1 archer at Lisboa (villageId 0).

Movements: 
- from 0 to 1 (Santarem): spearman 1, archer 2, knight 0.
- from 0 to 2 (Evora): spearman 1, archer 2, knight 0.

That uses 2 spearman and 4 archers from our current 5 spearman, 4 archer. We have 3 spearman and 3 knight left at home.

Now, plan: We need to write a plan for the next several turns. Let's think about what we'll do next turn. After capturing Santarem and Evora, we'll have those villages. They will have some troops: the armies we sent will be there (after losses). We can then build troops there. Next turn, we can send troops from Lisboa and from the new villages to capture more. From Santarem, we can attack Coimbra (3) and Badajoz (4). From Evora, attack Faro (5). We might also want to reinforce the new villages to defend them. But since the enemy is far, we can focus on expansion.

We should also consider that we need to eventually reach 18 villages. The map has 24 villages. We need to capture 17 more. The enemy capital is Barcelona (22), but we don't need to take it. The enemy likely controls many villages in the east. We need to conquer enough.

Our plan: "Expand aggressively from my capital. Capture Santarem and Evora this turn. Next turn, use their resources to build troops and send armies to Coimbra, Badajoz, and Faro. Continue pushing eastward, capturing villages to reach the required 18. Build a strong core of archers and knights for battles. Keep an eye on the enemy capital but focus on outnumbering the enemy."

That's a bit generic. Let's make it more specific.

Plan: "Capture Santarem and Evora. Then, from Santarem, march on Coimbra and Badajoz; from Evora, march on Faro. Use the new villages' resources to build archers and knights. Expand along the road network, securing as many villages as possible. Aim to hold 18 villages by turn 10 or so."

Statement: "I have built an archer and sent my forces to capture Santarem and Evora. My archers and spearmen should easily overcome the sparse neutral garrisons, and I will expand my territory."

But we need to write it in English, 2-4 lines. Statement can be emotional: "I am eager to expand my kingdom! By taking these two villages, I strengthen my hold on the region."

Now, we need to output JSON. Ensure we use the correct format.

Check the village IDs: Lisboa is 0, Santarem 1, Evora 2. So build villageId: 0. Movements fromId: 0, toId: 1 and 2.

Troops: we need to specify spearman, archer, knight. For each movement, we send 1 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight.

Now, what about the fact that we are sending troops from Lisboa, which is our capital. Is there any restriction on sending all our troops? No, we can send any number. But we should leave some for defense. We leave 3 spearman and 3 knight, which is a decent defense.

Now, let's consider if we should send any knights. Knights are fast and have high attack, but they are expensive to build. We have 3. We might want to keep them for later when we have more resources to build more, or to use them as a strike force. Against these light garrisons, they are overkill. So we don't need to send them now.

Now, let's write the plan and statement.

Plan: 
"Capture Santarem and Evora to secure a foothold. Next turn, build archers and spearmen in all three villages, then send armies from Santarem to Coimbra and Badajoz, and from Evora to Faro. Continue expanding along the roads, capturing neutral villages and eventually confronting the enemy. Aim to reach 18 villages quickly while building a strong army."

Statement:
"I have ordered the construction of an archer and dispatched my forces to take the neutral villages of Santarem and Evora. With my archers leading the charge, I expect swift victories, and I will expand my kingdom's borders!"

Now, we need to make sure the JSON is valid. The fields are: build, movements, plan, statement.

Build is an array of objects with villageId, type, quantity.
Movements is an array of objects with fromId, toId, troops (object with spearman, archer, knight).

Let's construct the JSON.

{
  "build": [
    {
      "villageId": 0,
      "type": "archer",
      "quantity": 1
    }
  ],
  "movements": [
    {
      "fromId": 0,
      "toId": 1,
      "troops": {
        "spearman": 1,
        "archer": 2,
        "knight": 0
      }
    },
    {
      "fromId": 0,
      "toId": 2,
      "troops": {
        "spearman": 1,
        "archer": 2,
        "knight": 0
      }
    }
  ],
  "plan": "Capture Santarem and Evora to secure a foothold. Next turn, build archers and spearmen in all three villages, then send armies from Santarem to Coimbra and Badajoz, and from Evora to Faro. Continue expanding along the roads, capturing neutral villages and eventually confronting the enemy. Aim to reach 18 villages quickly while building a strong army.",
  "statement": "I have ordered the construction of an archer and dispatched my forces to take the neutral villages of Santarem and Evora. With my archers leading the charge, I expect swift victories, and I will expand my kingdom's borders!"
}

Check character limits: plan must be 2-6 lines, anything past 600 characters is cut off. Our plan is about 400 characters, so fine. Statement 2-4 lines, ours is 2 lines.

Now, double-check if we need to consider that the enemy might also be moving. The report says "ENEMY (only what your watchmen can see): - none sighted". So we don't see any enemy armies. So we are safe to move without interference.

Also, note that the neutral villages harden every 5 turns. It's turn 1, so they have 1 spearman. So our attack should succeed.

One more thing: the movement rules say "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." Our destinations are Santarem and Evora, which are directly connected to Lisboa by road. So they will go there and fight. No issues.

Also, "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." We are sending from the same village to two different targets, so that's fine.

Now, what about the build? We are building an archer. The village has 30 wood, 20 iron. After building, it will have 10 wood, 10 iron. But the resources are produced at the end of the turn? Or at the beginning? The rule: "Each village you hold produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn." Typically, production happens at the start or end. But the report shows current resources: wood 30 (+30/turn), iron 20 (+20/turn). So we have 30 wood now, and we will get +30 next turn. So we can spend the 30 now. Building an archer costs 20 wood, so we can do it.

Now, is there any reason to build something else? Maybe we should build a spearman instead because it costs less iron, and we might need iron for knights later. But we have 20 iron, and we can afford an archer. Archers are better against the current garrisons and likely against future ones. I think archer is a good choice.

Alternatively, we could build nothing and save resources for next turn to build more. But building now gives us an extra archer next turn, which is useful. So building is better.

What about building a knight? Not enough iron.

So the build is fine.

Now, let's consider if we should send all 4 archers to one village and some spearmen to the other? That might be more efficient because we could use the counter bonus more effectively? But both villages are same. Splitting is fine.

We could also send 3 archers to Santarem and 1 archer + 2 spearmen to Evora? But then Evora force: 1 archer, 2 spearmen. Most numerous: spearman (2 vs 1), so no counter bonus. Attack: 2 spearmen (2) + 1 archer (2) = 4. Defense 3, win but without bonus. That's still a win, but we use more troops and no bonus. Our current plan gives both forces the counter bonus, which is better.

So I'll stick with 2 archers + 1 spearman to each.

Now, check if we have enough spearmen: we have 5. Sending 1 to each uses 2, leaving 3. That's fine.

Now, final JSON.

But wait: the instructions say: "Reply with ONE valid JSON object and nothing else - no text before or after it." So we must output only the JSON.

Let's write it neatly.

{
  "build": [
    {
      "villageId": 0,
      "type": "archer",
      "quantity": 1
    }
  ],
  "movements": [
    {
      "fromId": 0,
      "toId": 1,
      "troops": {
        "spearman": 1,
        "archer": 2,
        "knight": 0
      }
    },
    {
      "fromId": 0,
      "toId": 2,
      "troops": {
        "spearman": 1,
        "archer": 2,
        "knight": 0
      }
    }
  ],
  "plan": "Capture Santarem and Evora to secure a foothold. Next turn, build archers and spearmen in all three villages, then send armies from Santarem to Coimbra and Badajoz, and from Evora to Faro. Continue expanding along the roads, capturing neutral villages and eventually confronting the enemy. Aim to reach 18 villages quickly while building a strong army.",
  "statement": "I have ordered the construction of an archer and dispatched my forces to take the neutral villages of Santarem and Evora. With my archers leading the charge, I expect swift victories, and I will expand my kingdom's borders!"
}

Make sure there are no trailing commas, valid JSON.

Now, I'll output that.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":0,"destinoId":1,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":0,"destinoId":2,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":0}}]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO envio [0]->[1]: 1S+2A (alvo neutra lanceiro)
ACEITO envio [0]->[2]: 1S+2A (alvo neutra lanceiro)
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Capture Santarem and Evora to secure a foothold. Next turn, build archers and spearmen in all three villages, then send armies from Santarem to Coimbra and Badajoz, and from Evora to Faro. Continue expanding along the roads, capturing neutral villages and eventually confronting the enemy. Aim to reach 18 villages quickly while building a strong army.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): I have ordered the construction of an archer and dispatched my forces to take the neutral villages of Santarem and Evora. With my archers leading the charge, I expect swift victories, and I will expand my kingdom's borders!
########## TURNO 1 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 2413 | resposta 19181 | raciocinio 17283 | finish stop | ms 217656
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [ {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1} ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 22, \"toId\": 21, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 5, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 22, \"toId\": 23, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 2}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"I have attacked Tarragona and Girona with split forces. Tarragona: 5 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight. Girona: 3 archers, 2 knights. I built an archer at Barcelona. Next turn, I will survey the newly captured villages (Zaragoza, Castellon from Tarragona; Huesca from Girona) and plan further expansion. Tarragona will have a garrison of 4; Girona 2. I must reinforce them and explore the road network.\",\n  \"statement\": \"My armies struck at both neutral villages simultaneously. The spearmen lead the assault on Tarragona, while archers and knights overwhelm Girona. At Barcelona, I train an archer to rebuild my ranks.\"\n}"
raciocinio: We need to respond with a JSON object containing "build", "movements", "plan", "statement".

We are King B, holding Barcelona (id 22). We have 12 soldiers at home: 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight. Resources: wood 30, iron 20, each turn +30 wood, +20 iron. So we can build some troops. Costs: spearman 15 wood, 0 iron; archer 20 wood, 10 iron; knight 30 wood, 30 iron. We have enough wood for maybe 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). But we also need to consider building to increase army.

We need to hold at least 18 of 24 villages for 2 consecutive turns to win, or eliminate every enemy village. Currently hold 1 of 24. Enemy capital is Lisboa (id 0), unknown garrison. We need to expand.

We see two neutral villages: Tarragona (21) and Girona (23), both have 1 spearman garrison, effective defense 3. They are 1 turn away (any speed). We could attack them to capture. But we need to consider combat rules: attacking with our troops. We can send all 12 troops? But we might want to keep some at home to defend and build. However, we need to expand quickly.

We can send troops to attack neutral villages. Since they are neutral, we need to defeat their garrison. They have 1 spearman each, defense 3 (including location bonus). Our troops: spearman attack 1, defense 2; archer attack 2, defense 2; knight attack 4, defense 2. We can send a mix. The effective defense is 3, which is low. We can send maybe 1 knight (attack 4) to defeat it. But we need to consider that we might want to capture the village. After defeating garrison, we capture it? The rules: when you attack a village, you fight the garrison. If you win, you capture it? Probably yes, you become the new holder. Then you can start building there.

We have only 1 village, so we need to capture more. We can send troops to Tarragona (21) and Girona (23). They are both 1 turn away. We can send all troops to one of them, or split. But note: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if we send from same village, they are one army. We can send one army from Barcelona to Tarragona, and maybe another to Girona? But we can only send from one village (Barcelona). We can send multiple armies from the same village? The rules say "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up", but from same village they are one army. However, we can order multiple movements from the same village? The JSON "movements" is a list of movements. Each movement is from a village to a destination. We can have multiple movements from the same village? The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This implies that if we send multiple armies from the same village to the same target, they might be considered separate sends? But typically in such games, you can only send one army per turn per village? The instructions: "movements: [ {"fromId": <id of one of YOUR villages>, "toId": <id of ANY other village - enemy or neutral to attack it, one of YOURS to reinforce it>, "troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}} ]" It doesn't forbid multiple movements from the same village. But we need to consider that the troops we send are subtracted from the village's garrison. We have 12 troops total. We could send 5 spearman to Tarragona and 4 archer to Girona, etc. But we must ensure we don't send more than we have.

However, we also need to think about building new troops. We can build troops at Barcelona. We have 30 wood, 20 iron. We could build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) - but we don't have enough iron for knight (need 30, have 20). So we can build 2 spearman or 1 archer. Or we could build a mix: 1 spearman (15 wood) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 35 wood, 10 iron, we have 30 wood, so not enough. So only options: 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). We could also build nothing.

We need to decide on strategy. Since we need 18 villages to win, we need to expand quickly. The neutral villages are weak. We should capture them. We can send our entire army to one of them, capture it, then next turn build there. But we also need to consider that the enemy might attack our village. We have no enemy sighted, but we should keep some defense? The enemy capital is far away. We could send all troops to attack, leaving Barcelona undefended. But if we lose Barcelona, we might be set back. However, we need to capture villages to win. Perhaps we should send a portion to capture one neutral village, and keep the rest at home to defend. But we don't know if enemy is nearby. The road network shows Barcelona is connected to Tarragona and Girona. The enemy is in the west (Lisboa). They are far. So we can safely send all troops to capture one neutral village. But we might want to capture both? We can send one army to Tarragona and one to Girona. But we need to consider that we only have 12 troops. If we split, each army might be weaker. Tarragona has 1 spearman, defense 3. We can send 1 knight (attack 4) to defeat it. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron to build, but we already have 3 knights. We could send 1 knight, 1 archer, etc. But we need to ensure we win. Let's calculate combat.

Combat rules: When attacking, we count our ATTACK; defender counts DEFENSE. Effective defense values already include location bonus. For neutral village, effective defense is 3. So defender has defense 3. Our attack power is sum of attack values of our troops. If we send 1 knight (attack 4), our attack is 4. Defender defense 3. We win, but we take losses? The winner takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force). So we will lose some troops. The attrition is based on the loser's effective force. The loser's effective force is their attack? Actually, "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So we need to compute effective force of the defender. The defender has 1 spearman. Its attack is 1, defense 2. But effective defense is 3 (including location bonus). The attrition is against the loser's effective force. I think the loser's effective force is their attack power? Or their defense? The rules: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER." Effective force is computed as: attacker counts ATTACK, defender counts DEFENSE (with bonus). So for attacker, effective force = sum of attacks. For defender, effective force = sum of defenses (with bonus). Then if attacker wins, defender loses troops equal to attacker's effective force? No, "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So the winner suffers losses equal to the loser's effective force? That seems harsh. Actually, typical rules: both sides suffer losses equal to the opponent's effective force? Let's read carefully: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER. The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." This is ambiguous. Usually, losses are inflicted on the loser equal to winner's force, and winner takes losses equal to loser's force? But it says "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So the winner suffers attrition based on the loser's effective force. That means if we win, we still lose troops. The number of troops lost? Probably we lose troops equal to the loser's effective force divided by something? Or maybe we lose a number of troops equal to the loser's effective force? But effective force is a number, not a troop count. In many games, each troop has strength, and losses are proportional. But here we have individual troops. The rules don't specify exactly how losses are computed. We need to infer from typical mechanics. Possibly, the loser is destroyed entirely, and the winner takes losses equal to the loser's effective force? But effective force of 1 spearman with defense 3 is 3. Does that mean we lose 3 troops? Or we lose 3 "points" of troops? Since we have 12 troops, losing 3 is significant. But we need to capture the village to get resources. We might accept losses.

Alternatively, we could send a larger force to minimize losses? Actually, losses might be based on the difference. The rules: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So if we win, we still lose troops. The number lost might be the loser's effective force? Or maybe it's the loser's attack? The phrase "attrition against the loser's effective force" suggests that the winner's losses are equal to the loser's effective force (maybe rounded). So if defender has effective defense 3, we lose 3 troops? But we have 12, so we'd have 9 left. That's okay.

But we also need to consider the counter triangle. If we have a mix, the most numerous type sets the counter matchup. If we send only knights, most numerous is knight, which counters archer? Actually, spearman counters knight, archer counters spearman, knight counters archer. So knight vs spearman? Knight does not counter spearman; spearman counters knight. So if we send knights against spearman, we don't get the bonus. Actually, the counter triangle: spearman counters knight (so spearman vs knight gets bonus), archer counters spearman, knight counters archer. So if we send knights against a spearman defender, the defender is spearman, which counters knight? Wait, "spearman counters knight" means spearman is strong against knight? Usually, spearman counters knight because spears are good against cavalry. So if attacker is knight and defender is spearman, the defender gets the counter bonus? The rule: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counts knight; archer counts spearman; knight counts archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So it says "spearman counts knight" meaning spearman is effective against knight? Or "spearman counters knight" means when spearman attacks knight, it gets bonus? The phrasing is ambiguous: "spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer." Usually, the unit that counters gets the bonus when attacking. But the rule says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't specify attacker or defender. It says "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup". So for each army, we look at the most numerous type, and then see if that type counters the opponent's most numerous type? Or the other way? The typical interpretation: If your most numerous type counters the enemy's most numerous type, your force is multiplied by 1.5. So if we have knights and they have spearman, knight does not counter spearman; spearman counters knight. So we don't get bonus; they might get bonus if they were attacking. But they are defending, so the counter bonus might apply to the defender? The rule says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't specify attacker or defender, so it applies to whichever side has the counter. So if defender's most numerous type counters attacker's most numerous type, defender gets 1.5 multiplier on their defense? Or attack? It says "multiplies your force", which could be the effective force. So we need to determine who gets the multiplier. Since it's a bonus for having the counter, it likely applies to the army that has the counter type as most numerous. So if attacker's most numerous is knight, and defender's most numerous is spearman, then defender has the counter (spearman counters knight), so defender's force is multiplied by 1.5. That would make effective defense even higher. So we want to avoid that. We should send a most numerous type that is not countered by the defender's type. The defender has 1 spearman, so its most numerous is spearman. Spearman is countered by archer (archer counters spearman). So if we send archers as most numerous, we get the bonus. If we send knights, defender gets bonus. If we send spearmen, it's neutral? Spearman vs spearman: no counter. So to minimize losses, we should send archers as the most numerous type to get the 1.5 multiplier. We have 4 archers and 5 spearman. If we send all, most numerous is spearman (5), which does not counter spearman, so no bonus. If we send only archers and knights, with more archers, we get bonus. But we need to have enough attack power. Defender defense is 3. With bonus, our attack is multiplied by 1.5. So if we send 2 archers (attack 2 each, total 4) and 1 knight (attack 4), total attack 8, with bonus 12, we can overcome defense 3 easily. But we need to consider losses.

Actually, we might want to send a small force to minimize losses. Since defender has only 1 spearman, we could send just 1 archer (attack 2). Without bonus, attack 2 vs defense 3, we lose? The side with higher effective force wins. Attack 2 vs defense 3, defender wins, we lose. So we need attack > defense. With 1 archer, attack 2 < 3, we lose. With 2 archers, attack 4 > 3, we win. But if we send 2 archers, most numerous is archer (2), which counters spearman, so we get 1.5 multiplier: effective attack = 4 * 1.5 = 6. Defender defense 3, we win. We would take losses equal to defender's effective force? Defender's effective force is their defense (since they are defending) which is 3. So we lose 3 troops? But we only sent 2 archers. How can we lose more than we sent? The rules: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." It might mean we lose a number of troops equal to the loser's effective force, but not exceeding the number we sent. Or maybe it's a proportion. This is unclear. In many similar games, losses are determined by comparing forces: each troop has a strength, and casualties are inflicted based on the opponent's strength. But here we have discrete troops. Let's look for clues in the report: "effective defense (location bonus included): 36" for Barcelona. That's a large number. For a village with 12 troops, effective defense is 36. How is that computed? The troops at home: 5 spearman (defense 2 each = 10), 4 archer (defense 2 each = 8), 3 knight (defense 2 each = 6). Total defense = 24. Location bonus: village defense counts x1.25, so 24 * 1.25 = 30. But it says 36. So maybe there's also a counter bonus? Or maybe the effective defense includes something else. Let's recalc: 5 spearman defense 2 = 10, 4 archer defense 2 = 8, 3 knight defense 2 = 6, sum = 24. Village bonus 1.25 gives 30. But report says 36. So maybe the defense values are different? Wait, the report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 36". So it's already computed. How did they get 36? Perhaps the troops' defense values are not all 2. Spearman defense 2, archer defense 2, knight defense 2. That's what the rules say. So 24 * 1.25 = 30. Not 36. Maybe there's a counter bonus? The most numerous type is spearman (5). If the enemy's most numerous type counters spearman? But we are defending, so we don't have an enemy. The counter bonus might apply if we are attacked. But for a village's defense, maybe it's just the sum of defenses times location bonus. 36 is 30% more than 30? 30 * 1.2 = 36. Could the location bonus be 1.5 for a capital? The rules: "Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital)." Barcelona is our capital, so it should be x1.5. 24 * 1.5 = 36. Yes! So capital bonus is 1.5, not 1.25. So that explains it. So effective defense = sum of troop defenses * 1.5 for capital.

Now, for neutral villages, they are villages, so bonus 1.25. They have 1 spearman, defense 2. 2 * 1.25 = 2.5, rounded? The report says effective defense 3. So maybe they round up? Or maybe they have some other troops? It says garrison: 1 spearman, effective defense 3. 2 * 1.25 = 2.5, rounded to 3. So they use standard rounding.

Now, combat losses: The rules don't specify exactly how losses are computed. We might need to infer from typical gameplay. In many strategy games, when you attack, your troops fight and both sides lose troops based on the opponent's attack power. But here it says "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." This suggests that the winner suffers losses equal to the loser's effective force (maybe divided by something). Since we don't have a clear formula, we might assume that the number of troops lost is proportional to the effective force. But we need to decide on a move.

Given the ambiguity, we should probably send a small force to capture a neutral village, accepting some losses. We can afford to lose a few troops. We have 12, we can send maybe 3 archers and 2 knights? But we need to ensure we win. Let's calculate effective attack with counter bonus.

We want to attack Tarragona (21). Defender: 1 spearman, effective defense 3. If we send a force with most numerous type archer, we get 1.5 multiplier on our attack. Our attack power is sum of attacks. If we send 2 archers (attack 2 each = 4) and 1 knight (attack 4), total base attack = 8. With bonus, effective attack = 12. Defender effective defense = 3. We win. Losses: we take losses equal to defender's effective force? That would be 3. But we have 3 troops, we might lose all? Or maybe we lose a number of troops equal to the defender's attack? The defender's attack is 1 (spearman). So maybe we lose 1 troop? This is unclear.

Alternatively, we could send just 1 knight (attack 4). Most numerous is knight (1). Knight vs spearman: spearman counters knight, so defender gets counter bonus? The rule: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup". So if we have 1 knight, most numerous is knight. Defender has 1 spearman, most numerous is spearman. Spearman counters knight, so defender has the counter. That means defender's force is multiplied by 1.5. So effective defense becomes 3 * 1.5 = 4.5? Or maybe the bonus applies to the defender's defense. Then our attack 4 vs defense 4.5, we lose. So sending knight alone is bad.

If we send 1 archer (attack 2), most numerous archer. Archer counters spearman, so we get bonus. Effective attack = 2 * 1.5 = 3. Defender defense 3. Tie? Tie favors defender. So we lose. So we need more than 1 archer.

If we send 2 archers (attack 4), bonus 1.5 = 6 vs 3, win. But we lose troops. How many? If losses are based on defender's effective force (3), we might lose 3 troops, but we only have 2 archers. That would mean we lose all. So maybe losses are not that high. Perhaps the winner takes losses equal to the loser's effective force divided by the winner's effective force? Or something like that. In many games, casualties are proportional. For example, if attacker has 6 effective and defender 3, defender loses all, attacker loses a fraction. But we need to capture the village. The rules say: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." This could mean that the winner's losses are equal to the loser's effective force, but maybe it's applied as a deduction from the winner's army. Since we are attacking, our army is the winner. We take losses equal to the defender's effective force (3). That could mean we lose 3 "points" of troops. Each troop has a certain point value? Not defined.

Given the lack of clarity, perhaps we should look at the example in the rules: "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again." So for combat, we just compare our attack sum (with counter bonus if applicable) to the effective defense number. The effective defense number is what we see. For Tarragona, it's 3. So we need our effective attack (after counter bonus) to be > 3. Then we win. The losses we take might be determined by the difference? The rules don't give a formula. In some versions of this game, the winner loses a number of troops equal to the loser's effective force divided by the winner's effective force, rounded up? Or maybe it's simply: the loser is destroyed, and the winner loses a number of troops equal to the loser's effective force? But that would be 3, which is more than the 1 spearman. That seems odd.

Maybe "effective force" for the loser is their attack power, not defense. When defending, the defender's effective force is their attack? The rule: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs." So for determining winner, attacker uses attack, defender uses defense. But for losses, "attrition against the loser's effective force" - the loser's effective force might be whatever they were using in the combat? If defender loses, their effective force is their defense? Or if attacker loses, their effective force is their attack? It says "the loser's effective force", so it's the force of the losing side. If defender loses, their effective force is their defense (since they were defending). So winner takes losses equal to loser's defense. That would mean we take losses equal to the defender's effective defense (3). So we lose 3 troops. But we only sent 2 archers, we can't lose 3. So we must send at least that many. So we should send at least 3 troops to ensure we have enough to absorb losses. Or maybe losses are subtracted from the army, and if we don't have enough, we are destroyed? That would be bad.

Let's think about the neutral village: it has 1 spearman. If we send 3 archers (attack 6, bonus 1.5 = 9) vs defense 3, we win. We take losses equal to 3? We have 3 archers, we might lose all 3? Then we capture the village but lose all troops. That might be acceptable if we can then build new troops there. But we also have resources. The village we capture will have its own resources? The rules: "Each village you hold produces resources every turn". So if we capture Tarragona, it will produce 30 wood and 20 iron per turn. But it starts with what? Probably empty. We can then build troops there. However, we need to consider that we also have Barcelona producing. If we send all our troops and lose them, Barcelona will be undefended. But the enemy is far.

Maybe we should send a balanced force to capture with minimal losses. Another interpretation: The winner takes losses equal to the loser's effective force, but that force is divided among the winner's troops? Or maybe each troop has health? This is too vague.

Let's search for similar game rules. This appears to be a variant of "King's Bounty" or a turn-based strategy game. The phrase "effective force" might be a single number. In some games, combat is resolved by comparing total strength, and casualties are inflicted proportionally. For example, if attacker has strength 9 and defender 3, defender is eliminated, attacker loses 3/9 of its force? That would be 1/3 of 3 troops = 1 troop. That seems more reasonable.

Given the ambiguity, I'll assume that losses are proportional: the winner loses a number of troops equal to (loser's effective force / winner's effective force) * winner's number of troops, rounded up? Or maybe it's simpler: the loser is destroyed, and the winner loses a number of troops equal to the loser's effective force divided by the winner's attack? Not sure.

Let's look at the report: Barcelona has effective defense 36. That's a large number. If an enemy attacks it, they would need to overcome that. If they win, they would take losses equal to 36? That would be huge. So likely, losses are not that absolute. Maybe "effective force" is just a number for comparison, and losses are determined by the difference. For instance, if attacker's effective force > defender's, defender loses all troops, and attacker loses a number of troops equal to the difference? Or something.

Another clue: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." This might mean that the winner's troops are worn down by the fight, and they lose a number of troops equal to the loser's effective force, but not more than the winner's troop count. So if loser's effective force is 3, winner loses 3 troops. If winner only has 2 troops, they all die, but the winner still wins? That would be weird.

Perhaps we can test by sending a small force and seeing what happens. But we only have one turn. We need to decide.

Alternatively, we could send a mix that ensures we have enough troops to absorb losses. For example, send 5 spearman and 4 archer? That's 9 troops. Most numerous spearman (5) vs spearman defender, no counter. Attack: spearman attack 1 each = 5, archer attack 2 each = 8, total attack 13. No bonus. Defense 3. Win. Losses: maybe we lose 3 troops? We have 9, so we keep 6. That's okay. But we use a lot of troops for one village. We could instead send a smaller force.

What if we send 3 archers and 1 knight? Most numerous archer (3), counter bonus 1.5. Attack: 3*2 + 4 = 10, bonus 15 vs 3. Win. Losses: maybe 3? We have 4 troops, lose up to 3, keep at least 1. That's efficient.

But we need to consider that we also want to capture Girona. Can we send two armies? We can send one army to Tarragona and one to Girona from Barcelona. But they will fight separately. We need to have enough troops in each to win. We could send 3 archers to Tarragona and 2 spearman + 1 knight to Girona? But we need to ensure each wins. Girona also has 1 spearman, defense 3. If we send 2 spearman (attack 2) and 1 knight (attack 4), total attack 6. Most numerous spearman (2) vs spearman, no bonus. Attack 6 vs 3, win. Losses maybe 3? We have 3 troops, might lose all. That's risky.

Maybe we should focus on capturing one village this turn, and next turn capture the other. That seems safer.

We also need to consider building new troops. We have resources at Barcelona. We can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). If we send our existing troops, we might want to build more to reinforce. But if we send all troops, we have none to defend Barcelona. But we can build new ones while they march? The build order is for the village. If we send all troops, Barcelona will have 0 troops, but we can build new ones there. However, building takes 1 turn, and they will be ready next turn. But if we send troops, they are gone for 1 turn (to Tarragona). So by next turn, we might have new troops at Barcelona, and the sent troops will arrive at Tarragona and fight. If they win, we capture Tarragona. Then we have troops there? Actually, after capturing, the surviving troops become the garrison? Probably yes. So we can send all 12 troops to Tarragona. They will fight, take losses, and the survivors will be in Tarragona. Then we can build at Barcelona and Tarragona next turn.

But we need to leave enough to defend Barcelona if enemy attacks. Since no enemy is sighted, it's probably safe.

Let's decide: Send all 12 troops to Tarragona? But we need to specify the troop composition in the movement. We have 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight. We can send them all. But we need to consider the counter bonus. Most numerous is spearman (5). Defender has spearman. No counter. So effective attack = sum attacks = 5*1 + 4*2 + 3*4 = 5 + 8 + 12 = 25. Defender defense 3. We win massively. Losses: we take losses equal to defender's effective force? That's 3. So we lose 3 troops. Which ones? Probably the game decides, or we can choose? The rules don't specify. We might lose 3 random troops. But we still have 9 left. Then we capture Tarragona. Next turn, we can build there.

But we also have Girona nearby. We could send a portion to Girona. If we split, we need to ensure both win. Let's see if we can win both with small forces. For Tarragona: send 3 archer, 1 knight? That's 4 troops. For Girona: send 2 spearman, 2 archer? That's 4 troops. Total 8, leaving 4 at home. But we need to consider that each army fights separately. For Tarragona: 3 archer (attack 6) + 1 knight (4) = 10, most numerous archer (3) gives bonus 1.5 -> 15 vs 3, win. Losses: maybe 3? We have 4 troops, might lose 3, leaving 1. For Girona: 2 spearman (2) + 2 archer (4) = 6, most numerous? 2 spearman, 2 archer, tie. Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So most numerous is spearman (since tie goes to spearman first). So no counter bonus. Attack 6 vs 3, win. Losses: maybe 3? We have 4 troops, might lose 3, leaving 1. So we might end up with 1 in each, plus 4 at home. That's 6 troops total. But we also have resources to build.

Alternatively, we could send all to one village to minimize losses? If we send all 12, we lose 3, keep 9. That's better than splitting and losing 3+3=6. So sending all to one is better.

But which village to target? Tarragona is connected to Zaragoza (17) and Castellon (18) and Barcelona (22). Girona is connected to Huesca (20) and Barcelona (22). Both are neutral. Capturing either gives us a foothold. We might want to capture the one that leads to more villages. Looking at the road network: Tarragona (21) connects to Zaragoza (17) and Castellon (18). Girona (23) connects to Huesca (20). Zaragoza is a larger city? It's unexplored. Huesca is also unexplored. We need to expand. Perhaps we should capture Tarragona because it's closer to the enemy? Actually, the enemy is in Lisboa, far west. We are in the northeast. We need to capture 18 villages. There are 24 total. We have 1, need 17 more. We should expand in all directions. But we can only see adjacent villages. From Barcelona, we see Tarragona and Girona. We should capture both eventually. This turn, we can capture one. Let's pick Tarragona.

But wait: we also need to consider that we might want to build troops at Barcelona before sending them, to have a larger army. We have 30 wood, 20 iron. We can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). If we build, we increase our army. But if we send immediately, the new troops won't be ready until next turn? The rules: "ready in 1 turn." So if we order a build this turn, they will be available next turn. If we send our current troops this turn, they march for 1 turn (to Tarragona) and arrive next turn? Actually, travel time: "march from [22] Barcelona: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So if we send troops, they take 1 turn to arrive. They will fight at the start of next turn? The orders are simultaneous. So we write orders now. The enemy writes orders. Then the turn resolves. Our troops will march and arrive at Tarragona at the end of the turn? Or at the beginning of next turn? Typically, movement takes the number of turns listed, and they arrive at the start of the turn after that. So if we send them now, they will be on the march next turn, and arrive at the start of the following turn? The report says "march from [22] Barcelona: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means it takes 1 turn for any speed. So they will arrive at the same time next turn? Actually, if it's 1 turn, they arrive at the end of this turn? The rules: "Marching takes turns, and during those turns the enemy keeps building and moving. The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival." So if we send troops, they will be marching during the next turn, and arrive at the end of that turn? Or at the start of the next? This is confusing. Usually, if travel time is 1 turn, they arrive at the start of the next turn, so they can fight then. But the report says "march from [22] Barcelona: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" meaning it takes 1 turn to reach. So if we order them now, they will be on the march for this turn? Actually, the turn we are in is Turn 1. We are writing orders for Turn 1. The movement will happen during Turn 1, and they will arrive at the end of Turn 1? Or at the start of Turn 2? The typical interpretation: At the start of the turn, you give orders. Then the turn resolves: troops march, battles happen. If a troop takes 1 turn to march, they arrive at the destination at the end of the turn, and can fight in that same turn? Or they fight at the start of the next turn? The rules: "The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival." That implies that when they arrive, the defense might have changed. So if they arrive next turn, the defense will be whatever it is then. So if we send troops now, they will arrive at the start of Turn 2, and fight against the Turn 2 defense. But the report we see is Turn 1 defense. So we need to consider that the neutral village might have been building new troops? Neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop. So it's only Turn 1, so no change. So the defense will still be 3.

Given that travel is 1 turn, if we send now, they will be on the march during Turn 1? Actually, if we send now, they leave Barcelona and travel for 1 turn. They would arrive at Tarragona at the end of Turn 1 or start of Turn 2. In either case, they will fight the garrison at Tarragona. If they arrive at the end of Turn 1, they might fight immediately? The rules: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So if they arrive at Tarragona, they fight. So the battle would happen in Turn 1? But then the result would be known this turn. However, the report says "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN: - nothing you could see". So we are at the start of Turn 1, nothing has happened yet. So if we send troops, they will march and fight in this turn? That would mean we get the result next turn. Typically, in these games, you send orders, then the turn resolves, and you see the outcome next turn. So if we send troops to Tarragona, they will fight the garrison this turn, and we will see the result next turn. So we can send them and they will attack now.

But we also need to consider building. If we build, the new troops will be ready at the end of this turn? Or at the start of next turn? "ready in 1 turn" means they are built after 1 turn. So if we order build now, they will be available at the start of next turn. So they can be sent next turn.

So we have a choice: send existing troops now, or build more and send next turn. Since we need to expand quickly, we should send now to capture a village this turn. Then next turn we can build and use the new village's resources.

But we also need to consider that if we send all troops, Barcelona will have 0 troops. If the enemy attacks Barcelona next turn, we might be defenseless. But the enemy is far, and we have no indication they will attack. So it's probably safe.

Let's decide to send all 12 troops to Tarragona (21). We'll specify the movement with all troops. Then we can build something at Barcelona with our remaining resources. We have 30 wood, 20 iron. We can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Since we sent away our archers and knights, we might want to rebuild. But we also need to consider that after capturing Tarragona, we might want to build there. But we don't have resources there yet; it will produce starting next turn? The rules: "Each village you hold produces resources every turn". So if we capture it this turn, does it produce this turn? Probably not; it produces at the end of the turn? Typically, resources are produced at the start or end. We need to check. The report shows Barcelona has wood 30 (+30/turn), iron 20 (+20/turn). That suggests it produced 30 wood and 20 iron this turn? Or it will produce? The numbers: "wood 30 (+30/turn)" likely means current stock is 30, and it produces 30 per turn. So at the start of the turn, we have 30. We can spend them. If we capture a new village, it will start producing from next turn? Probably.

So if we send all troops, we need to have enough resources to build at Barcelona. We have 30 wood, 20 iron. We can build 2 spearman. That would give us 2 spearman at home next turn. But we also might want to build an archer to have a mix. 1 archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. We have 20 iron, so we can afford 1 archer and have 10 wood left? Actually, 20 wood for archer, we have 30 wood, so after building 1 archer, we have 10 wood left. We could also build 1 spearman (15 wood) but we only have 10 left, so no. So we can build 1 archer, or 2 spearman, or 1 spearman + 1 archer? 15+20=35 wood > 30, so no. So best is 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Which is better? Spearman are cheaper, but they have lower attack. We might want to rebuild our army with a mix. If we build 2 spearman, we have 2 spearman. Next turn we can also build at Tarragona if we capture it. Tarragona will have its own resources. We might want to build archers there because they counter spearman? Not sure.

Let's think about the enemy. The enemy capital is Lisboa. They have many villages. We need to eventually fight them. We need a balanced army. So building archers might be good. But we need wood for multiple builds. We have 30 wood, 20 iron. If we build 1 archer, we spend 20 wood, 10 iron, leaving 10 wood, 10 iron. Next turn, we can build another archer? We need 20 wood, 10 iron. We'll have 10 wood + 30 from Barcelona = 40 wood, 10 iron + 20 = 30 iron. So we can build 2 archers? Actually, 2 archers cost 40 wood, 20 iron. We would have 40 wood, 30 iron, so we can build 2 archers. But we also might want to build knights. Knights cost 30 wood, 30 iron. We could build 1 knight next turn if we have enough.

Alternatively, if we build 2 spearman now, we spend 30 wood, leaving 0 wood, 20 iron. Next turn we have 30 wood, 40 iron. We can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and have 10 wood, 30 iron left. Or build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 0 wood, 10 iron. So both options are similar.

I think we should build 1 archer now to start rebuilding our archer corps, since we sent away our archers. But we also sent away knights. We might want to rebuild those too. But we can only build one thing per village per turn? The rules don't limit the number of builds per village per turn, except by resources and cap. We can build multiple units in one turn as long as we have resources and the village's population? The cap is 300 troops. We can build multiple units simultaneously? The rules: "Cap per village: when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building". It doesn't say we can only build one type per turn. We can order multiple builds in the same turn, as long as we can pay for them. The JSON "build" is a list of build orders. So we can build multiple units at Barcelona this turn. We have 30 wood, 20 iron. We could build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) but that's 35 wood > 30. So we can't. We could build 2 spearman (30 wood) and 0 iron. Or 1 archer and 0 spearman. Or we could build nothing. So we can only build either 2 spearman or 1 archer. Let's build 1 archer to get some archers back.

But wait, we also have the option to send troops to Girona instead of Tarragona. Let's evaluate both.

Tarragona (21) connects to Zaragoza (17) and Castellon (18). Girona (23) connects to Huesca (20). Which is more strategically valuable? Looking at the road network, Zaragoza is a hub connecting to many villages: Madrid, Teruel, etc. Castellon connects to Valencia. So Tarragona is a gateway to the interior. Girona connects to Huesca, which connects to Pamplona and Zaragoza. So both are useful. But Tarragona might lead to more populated areas. However, we also need to consider that we can only see adjacent villages. If we capture Tarragona, we will see Zaragoza and Castellon. If we capture Girona, we will see Huesca. We want to explore. Tarragona gives us two new villages to see. So I'll go with Tarragona.

Now, what about the movement? We need to specify the troops to send. We have 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight. We can send all. But we need to consider the order of battles if we send multiple armies? We are only sending one army to Tarragona. So we'll send all 12. But we might want to keep some at home to defend? Since no enemy is near, we can send all. But if we send all, Barcelona will have 0 troops. If we build 1 archer this turn, it will be ready next turn, so Barcelona will have 1 archer next turn. That's something. But if the enemy attacks Barcelona next turn, they would face 1 archer. That's weak. But we don't know if they will. The enemy is in Lisboa, very far. They have to march many turns. So it's safe.

Let's consider the losses. If we send all 12, we might lose 3 troops (as per effective defense 3). So we'll have 9 troops arrive and capture Tarragona. Then we have 9 troops there. Next turn, we can build at Barcelona and Tarragona. We'll have resources from both. That's a good start.

But wait: the rule "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." We are sending from one village, so it's one army. So that's fine.

Now, we need to write the JSON. The "build" field: we can build at Barcelona. Let's build 1 archer. So build: [{"villageId": 22, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}]. That costs 20 wood, 10 iron. We have 30 wood, 20 iron, so we can afford it.

Movements: send all troops from Barcelona (22) to Tarragona (21). Troops: {"spearman": 5, "archer": 4, "knight": 3}.

But we need to consider: do we want to send all? What if we lose more than 3? If the loss is proportional, we might lose more. But with overwhelming force, losses might be minimal. The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." If effective force of loser is 3, we take 3 losses. That seems plausible. So we'll lose 3 troops. Which ones? The game might choose randomly or based on something. We don't control which ones are lost. So we just send all.

Alternatively, we could send a smaller force to reduce losses. For example, send 3 archer, 2 knight? That's 5 troops. Attack: 3*2 + 2*4 = 6+8=14. Most numerous archer (3) gives bonus 1.5 -> 21 vs 3. Win. Losses: 3. We lose 3, leaving 2. So we capture with 2 troops. That's fewer troops to hold the village. But we also leave 7 troops at home. That might be safer. But we need to consider that we want to grow our army. If we leave 7 at home, they can defend and we can build more. But we also want to capture quickly. If we send a small force, we might fail if the defense is higher than expected? The defense is 3, so any force with effective attack >3 wins. But we also need to have enough troops to absorb losses. If we send 3 archer and 2 knight, we have 5 troops. We lose 3, keep 2. That's fine. But then we have 7 troops at home (5 spearman, 0 archer? Wait, we have 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight total. If we send 3 archer, 2 knight, we have left: 5 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight = 7 troops. That's a good defense for Barcelona. And we can build more. So that might be better.

But we also need to consider that we might want to capture Girona simultaneously. If we send a small force to Tarragona, we could send another small force to Girona. For Girona, same defense 3. We could send, say, 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight? That's 4 troops. Attack: 2*1 + 2 + 4 = 8. Most numerous spearman (2) vs spearman, no bonus. Attack 8 vs 3, win. Losses: 3? We have 4, lose 3, keep 1. So we could capture both with total losses 6, leaving 6 at home. That might be better because we get two villages this turn. Then next turn we have 3 villages producing. That accelerates growth.

Let's see if we can afford to send two armies. We need to split our 12 troops into two groups. We need to ensure each group wins. For Tarragona: we can send 3 archer, 1 knight (4 troops). For Girona: send 2 spearman, 2 archer? That's 4 troops. But we only have 4 archer total. If we send 3 to Tarragona and 2 to Girona, that's 5 archer, but we only have 4. So we can't. Let's allocate carefully.

We have: 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight.
We want two armies, each with enough to win. Let's try:
Army 1 (to Tarragona): 2 archer, 2 knight? Attack: 2*2 + 2*4 = 4+8=12. Most numerous? 2 archer, 2 knight - tie. Tie breaks spearman, archer, knight. So most numerous is archer (since archer before knight). So bonus 1.5 -> 18 vs 3. Win. Losses: 3? We have 4 troops, lose 3, keep 1. But we used 2 archer, 2 knight.
Army 2 (to Girona): 5 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight? That's 8 troops. Attack: 5*1 + 2*2 + 1*4 = 5+4+4=13. Most numerous spearman (5), no bonus. Attack 13 vs 3. Win. Losses: 3? We have 8, lose 3, keep 5. But we only have 3 knights total, so if we send 2 to Tarragona, we have 1 left for Girona. That works. But we have 4 archer total; if we send 2 to Tarragona, we have 2 left for Girona. So Army 2: 5 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight = 8 troops. That uses all remaining. So we send 4 to Tarragona, 8 to Girona. Total 12. But wait, Army 1 has 2 archer, 2 knight = 4 troops. Army 2 has 5 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight = 8 troops. That's 4+8=12, correct. But we need to check if Army 2's most numerous is spearman (5), which does not counter spearman defender, so no bonus. Attack 13 vs 3, win. Army 1's most numerous: 2 archer, 2 knight. Tie between archer and knight. The rule: "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight." So archer wins. So most numerous is archer, which counters spearman. So bonus 1.5 on Army 1's attack. So both win.

But we need to consider losses. For Army 1, we have 4 troops, lose 3 (effective defense of defender is 3). So we might lose 3 of the 4. Which ones? Possibly the game chooses randomly or based on type. We might end up with only 1 troop in Tarragona. For Army 2, we have 8 troops, lose 3, keep 5. So Girona would have 5 troops. That's a good garrison. Tarragona would have 1. That's okay.

But we also need to consider that we are sending troops from the same village. The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." Since we are sending from the same village to different targets, that's fine. They are separate armies.

However, we need to ensure that the troops we send are available. We have to specify the exact numbers in the movements. We can have two movement orders from Barcelona: one to 21, one to 23. That's allowed.

But wait: the movement orders are simultaneous. The enemy writes orders at the same time. So we can send two armies from the same village in the same turn? The rules don't forbid it. The JSON allows multiple movements. So we can do that.

But we need to think about the timing: both armies leave Barcelona this turn. They will travel for 1 turn and arrive at their destinations at the same time? They will fight the garrisons. Since they are separate, they fight independently. That's fine.

Now, what about building? We have resources at Barcelona. We spent 30 wood, 20 iron? We haven't spent any yet. We have 30 wood, 20 iron. If we send all troops, we have no troops left at Barcelona, but we can still build because building doesn't require troops, just resources and the village. The build order is placed now, and the troops will be ready next turn. So we can build even if we have 0 troops currently. The cap is 300, so we can build. So we can build something. With 30 wood, 20 iron, we can build 2 spearman or 1 archer. Let's build 1 archer to start rebuilding. But we also might want to build spearman to have a mix. Since we sent away most of our spearman? Actually, in the split above, we sent all 5 spearman to Girona, all 4 archer? We sent 2 archer to Tarragona, 2 archer to Girona? Wait, we have 4 archer total. In Army 1: 2 archer, 2 knight. Army 2: 5 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. That uses 2+2=4 archer, 2+1=3 knight, 5 spearman. So we sent all archer and all spearman and all knight. So Barcelona will have 0 troops after sending. Then we build 1 archer, so next turn Barcelona will have 1 archer. That's a start.

But we could also build 2 spearman instead. Which is better? If we build 2 spearman, we have 2 spearman at home. Next turn, we can also build at the captured villages. Tarragona and Girona will have resources. We might want to build archers there because they are more expensive in iron. But we need to consider that we want to eventually build knights. Knights need 30 wood, 30 iron. We have iron production from villages. Each village produces 20 iron per turn. With 3 villages, we'll have 60 iron per turn. So we can build knights quickly.

I think building 1 archer is fine. But we could also build nothing this turn, saving resources for next turn when we have more villages? But resources are per village, so Barcelona's resources are separate. If we don't spend them, they accumulate. But there's no benefit to saving except if we want to build something specific later. Since we can only build one thing per turn per village? Actually, we can build multiple if we have resources. With 30 wood, 20 iron, we can build 1 archer and have 10 wood, 10 iron left. Next turn, Barcelona will produce 30 wood, 20 iron, so we'll have 40 wood, 30 iron. Then we can build, say, 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and have 10 wood, 0 iron left. Or build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) and have 0 wood, 10 iron. So it's okay.

Let's decide on the split. We need to ensure both armies win. Let's recalc effective attack with counter bonus carefully.

Army 1 (to Tarragona): 2 archer, 2 knight.
- Most numerous: tie between archer and knight (2 each). Tiebreak: spearman > archer > knight. So archer wins. So most numerous type is archer.
- Counter bonus: archer counters spearman (defender's type). So our force is multiplied by 1.5.
- Base attack: archer attack 2 each = 4, knight attack 4 each = 8, total = 12.
- Effective attack = 12 * 1.5 = 18.
- Defender effective defense = 3.
- 18 > 3, we win.
- Losses: we take losses equal to defender's effective force? That's 3. So we lose 3 troops. We have 4, so we lose 3, 1 survives.

Army 2 (to Girona): 5 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight.
- Most numerous: spearman (5). No tie.
- Counter bonus: spearman does not counter spearman (defender is spearman). Spearman is countered by archer, but our most numerous is spearman, so no bonus. Actually, the rule: "spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer." So if our most numerous is spearman, and defender is spearman, there is no counter relationship. So no bonus.
- Base attack: spearman 5*1=5, archer 2*2=4, knight 1*4=4, total = 13.
- Effective attack = 13 (no bonus).
- Defender defense = 3.
- 13 > 3, win.
- Losses: 3. We have 8, lose 3, 5 survive.

So we capture both villages. We end up with 1 troop in Tarragona, 5 in Girona, and 0 at Barcelona (plus whatever we build). Next turn, we'll have troops at those villages.

But is it risky to send so few troops to Tarragona? If we lose 3 out of 4, we have 1 left. That's okay. But what if the game randomly chooses which troops are lost? It might lose the knight or archer. We might lose our only knight, etc. But we have more knights in Girona? Actually, we sent 1 knight to Girona, and 2 knights to Tarragona. If Tarragona loses 3, it could lose both knights and an archer, leaving 1 archer. Or lose 2 knights and 1 archer? That would leave 1 archer. Or lose 1 knight, 1 archer, and something else? We only have 4 troops: 2 archer, 2 knight. So losing 3 means we keep 1. The one kept could be an archer or a knight. So we might have a knight or archer. That's fine.

But we also need to consider that the neutral village might have been reinforced? It's turn 1, so no.

Another option: send all to Tarragona, and none to Girona. Then we capture Tarragona with 9 troops (after losses), and we still have Barcelona with 0 troops but we build 1 archer. Next turn, we can send troops to Girona from Tarragona or Barcelona. That might be safer because we concentrate force. But capturing two villages in one turn is faster. We need 18 villages to win. We have 1, need 17 more. Capturing 2 gets us to 3. So faster is better. But we need to ensure we can hold them. With 1 troop in Tarragona, it's vulnerable to attack. But the enemy is far. So it might be okay.

Let's consider the enemy. The enemy capital is Lisboa. They have villages around. They might attack our villages. But we have no visibility on them. They might be far. So taking risks is okay.

I'll go with capturing both. But we need to write the movements. We need to specify the exact troop counts for each movement. We'll send from Barcelona (22) to Tarragona (21): {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 2}. And from Barcelona (22) to Girona (23): {"spearman": 5, "archer": 2, "knight": 1}. That uses all troops.

But wait: we have 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight. In the first movement, we use 0 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. In the second, 5 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. Total: spearman 5, archer 4, knight 3. Correct.

Now, build: we can build at Barcelona. Let's build 1 archer. So build: [{"villageId": 22, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}].

Now, plan and statement.

Plan: We need to write a note to ourselves for next turn. What are we doing? We are capturing Tarragona and Girona to expand our territory. We need to remember to check the new villages, build troops there, and plan next moves. Also note that we left Barcelona with 1 archer (after build). We should not forget to defend Barcelona if needed. Also, we need to explore the newly visible villages: from Tarragona we'll see Zaragoza and Castellon; from Girona we'll see Huesca. We should send scouts? Actually, we see them automatically because they are connected by road. So next turn we'll have more information.

Statement: Tell the audience what we did. Something like: "I ordered my armies to attack the neutral villages of Tarragona and Girona, splitting my forces to capture both quickly. I also began rebuilding my army at Barcelona by training an archer."

Now, we need to ensure the JSON is valid. The fields: build, movements, plan, statement.

Let's double-check the rules about sending multiple armies from the same village. The rules say: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This implies that if we send from the same village to the same target, they might add up? But we are sending to different targets, so it's fine. Also, the rule "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So we can send to our own villages. But we are attacking neutrals.

One more thing: The movement time to Tarragona is 1 turn. To Girona is also 1 turn. So they will arrive next turn? Actually, if we send them now, they will be on the march for this turn? The turn structure: We are at the start of Turn 1. We give orders. Then the turn resolves: troops move, battles happen. If travel time is 1 turn, they arrive at the end of Turn 1? Or at the start of Turn 2? The report says "march from [22] Barcelona: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means it takes 1 turn to reach. So if they leave now, they will arrive at the destination after 1 turn, i.e., at the start of Turn 2? But then they would fight in Turn 2? However, the rules also say: "The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival." That implies that when they arrive, it's a later turn. So if we send now, they arrive next turn, and fight against the defense at that time. But since it's only 1 turn, and neutral villages only gain troops every 5 turns, the defense will be the same. So it's fine.

But what about the build? The build takes 1 turn. If we order a build now, it will be ready at the start of next turn? Or at the end of this turn? Typically, "ready in 1 turn" means it will be available for use in the next turn. So if we build an archer now, it will be in Barcelona's garrison at the start of Turn 2. But we are also sending troops away. They leave Barcelona now. The new archer is built this turn, so it should not be sent this turn because we order builds and movements simultaneously. The new archer will be available next turn. So our movements this turn only include the troops currently at home (the 12). So that's correct.

Now, we need to consider if we should keep some troops at Barcelona to defend. If we send all 12, Barcelona will have 0 troops for the rest of this turn. But the turn resolves, and next turn it will have the newly built archer. During this turn, could the enemy attack Barcelona? The enemy writes orders at the same time, over the same snapshot. So they see Barcelona with 12 troops? Or do they see the map as it is now? The snapshot is the map we are reading now. So the enemy sees Barcelona with 12 troops. They might decide to attack. But they are far away, and they have to march. They would need to be adjacent to Barcelona to attack. Currently, only Tarragona and Girona are adjacent, and they are neutral. The enemy is not adjacent. So they cannot attack Barcelona this turn. So it's safe to leave it empty.

Thus, our plan is sound.

Let's write the JSON.

Build: [{"villageId": 22, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}]

Movements: [
  {"fromId": 22, "toId": 21, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 2}},
  {"fromId": 22, "toId": 23, "troops": {"spearman": 5, "archer": 2, "knight": 1}}
]

Plan: "I have attacked Tarragona and Girona with split forces to capture both neutral villages this turn. I left no troops at Barcelona but built an archer to start rebuilding. Next turn, I will survey the newly captured villages, check the revealed enemy villages (Zaragoza, Castellon, Huesca), and plan further expansion. I must be cautious about the low garrison in Tarragona."

Statement: "My armies have struck at the neutral villages of Tarragona and Girona, dividing my forces to seize both simultaneously. Despite the odds, we shall capture them and expand my empire. At home, I have begun training a new archer to replenish my ranks."

We need to keep plan and statement within 2-4 lines, under 600 characters. They are short.

Let's check character counts. Plan is about 150 characters. Statement about 100. Fine.

Now, ensure we use only valid IDs. 22 is Barcelona, 21 Tarragona, 23 Girona. All good.

One more thing: The rule "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." Barcelona has 30 wood, 20 iron. Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. So we can pay. We have 10 wood, 10 iron left. That's fine.

But wait: The report says "wood 30 (+30/turn) | iron 20 (+20/turn)". So current wood is 30, iron 20. After building 1 archer, we spend 20 wood, 10 iron, leaving 10 wood, 10 iron. That's okay.

Now, what about the fact that we are sending 2 knights to Tarragona and 1 to Girona? We have 3 knights total. That's fine.

Let's double-check the effective attack for Army 2 again. We have 5 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous spearman (5). Defender is spearman. Does spearman counter spearman? No. So no bonus. Attack = 5*1 + 2*2 + 1*4 = 5+4+4=13. Effective defense of Girona is 3. 13>3, win. Losses: we take losses equal to defender's effective force? That's 3. So we lose 3 troops. Which ones? The game might choose. But we have 8, so we keep 5. That's fine.

For Army 1: 2 archer, 2 knight. Most numerous tie between archer and knight. Tiebreak: spearman (0) > archer (2) > knight (2). So archer is most numerous. Archer counters spearman. So bonus 1.5. Attack = 2*2 + 2*4 = 4+8=12. Effective attack = 18. Win. Losses: 3. We have 4, lose 3, keep 1.

So we capture both.

Now, we need to consider that after capturing, the villages become ours. Their garrisons will be the surviving troops. They will start producing resources next turn? The rule: "Each village you hold produces resources every turn". So at the start of the next turn, they will produce. But we need to check if they produce this turn? The report shows Barcelona's resources as 30 wood, 20 iron, with +30/+20 per turn. That suggests that at the start of the turn, we have 30 wood, 20 iron, and then they produce? Or the production happens at the end? Typically, you collect resources at the start of the turn. So if we capture a village this turn, it might not produce until next turn. That's fine.

Now, we should also think about whether we should send a smaller force to Tarragona to preserve more troops. For instance, send 3 archer, 1 knight? That's 4 troops, same as before but with more archers. Attack: 3*2 + 4 = 10, bonus 1.5 = 15. Losses 3, keep 1. Same result. Or send 4 archer? Attack 8, bonus 1.5 = 12. Losses 3, keep 1. So we always lose 3 and keep 1 if we send 4. If we send 5 troops, we lose 3, keep 2. So to have a stronger garrison, we could send more troops to Tarragona. But we also want to capture Girona. If we send more to Tarragona, we have fewer for Girona. We could send, say, 3 archer, 2 knight to Tarragona (5 troops), and 5 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight to Girona (7 troops). Then Tarragona keeps 2, Girona keeps 4. That's better. Let's check if we have enough archer: we have 4 archer. If we send 3 to Tarragona, we have 1 left for Girona. Knights: we have 3. If we send 2 to Tarragona, we have 1 for Girona. Spearman: 5 to Girona. So that works: Tarragona: 3 archer, 2 knight = 5 troops. Girona: 5 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight = 7 troops. Total 12.

Check Tarragona: 3 archer, 2 knight. Most numerous: archer (3) vs knight (2). So archer is most numerous. Bonus 1.5. Attack: 3*2 + 2*4 = 6+8=14. Effective = 21. Win. Losses 3, keep 2.
Girona: 5 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous spearman (5). No bonus. Attack: 5+2+4=11. Win. Losses 3, keep 4.
So we end with 2 in Tarragona, 4 in Girona. That's better than 1 and 5. So let's use that allocation.

We need to specify: 
Movement 1: to Tarragona (21): {"spearman": 0, "archer": 3, "knight": 2}
Movement 2: to Girona (23): {"spearman": 5, "archer": 1, "knight": 1}
Total: spearman 5, archer 4, knight 3. Correct.

Now, build: still 1 archer at Barcelona.

Let's update plan and statement accordingly.

Plan: "I have attacked Tarragona and Girona with split forces to capture both. Tarragona force is 3 archers and 2 knights; Girona force is 5 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight. I built an archer at Barcelona. Next turn, I will survey the new villages and plan expansion. Tarragona garrison will be small (2 troops), so I must be cautious."

Statement: "My armies divided to strike at both Tarragona and Girona simultaneously. The archers lead the assault on Tarragona, while the spearmen push into Girona. At Barcelona, I train an archer to rebuild my forces."

Now, check if we need to consider the order of battles? Since the movements are simultaneous, the enemy might also move. But there are no enemy armies sighted. So no enemy movements to worry about. The neutral villages don't move. So it's fine.

One more thing: The rule "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." Our destinations are Tarragona and Girona, which are the first villages on the path? From Barcelona, the road goes directly to Tarragona and Girona. There are no other villages in between. So they will fight there.

Also, we need to ensure that we don't accidentally march through an enemy village. The roads: Barcelona (22) connects to Tarragona (21) and Girona (23). So direct.

Now, let's write the final JSON.

We need to make sure the JSON is valid. Use double quotes.

{
  "build": [ {"villageId": 22, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1} ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 22, "toId": 21, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 3, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 22, "toId": 23, "troops": {"spearman": 5, "archer": 1, "knight": 1}}
  ],
  "plan": "I have attacked Tarragona and Girona with split forces to capture both neutral villages. Tarragona force: 3 archers, 2 knights. Girona force: 5 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight. I built an archer at Barcelona. Next turn, I will survey the newly captured villages and the revealed enemy villages (Zaragoza, Castellon, Huesca), and plan further expansion. Tarragona garrison will be small, so I must be cautious.",
  "statement": "My armies divided to strike at both Tarragona and Girona simultaneously. The archers lead the assault on Tarragona, while the spearmen push into Girona. At Barcelona, I train an archer to rebuild my forces."
}

Check character lengths: Plan is about 200 characters, fine. Statement is about 80.

We should also consider if we want to build something else. Maybe we should build 2 spearman instead of 1 archer, because we sent away all spearman? Actually, we sent all 5 spearman to Girona. So we have no spearman left at Barcelona. But we have 0 troops at Barcelona after sending. If we build 2 spearman, we have 2 spearman at home next turn. If we build 1 archer, we have 1 archer. Which is better for defense? Spearman have defense 2, archer defense 2. But spearman are cheaper. However, we might want to rebuild a balanced army. Since we have iron, building an archer uses iron, which we produce. We have 20 iron now, and will get 20 more next turn. If we build 1 archer, we spend 10 iron, leaving 10 iron. Next turn we'll have 30 iron (10+20). We can build something. If we build 2 spearman, we spend 30 wood, leaving 0 wood, 20 iron. Next turn we have 30 wood, 40 iron. So both are fine. I think archer is better because we need archers for their counter bonus against spearman. Also, we sent away most of our archers? Actually, we sent 3 to Tarragona, 1 to Girona, so all 4 archers are sent. So we have no archers at home. Building an archer gives us a start. So I'll keep the archer.

But wait: we also have the option to build multiple units. Could we build 1 archer and also something else? We have 30 wood, 20 iron. After building 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron), we have 10 wood, 10 iron left. Not enough for another archer (needs 20 wood) or spearman (15 wood). So we can only build 1 archer. So that's it.

Now, let's consider if we should send a small force to Tarragona and a larger to Girona, or vice versa. Tarragona is closer to the interior, so it might be more valuable to have a stronger garrison there? Actually, from Tarragona, we can go to Zaragoza and Castellon. From Girona, we go to Huesca. Zaragoza is a bigger city? Not sure. But we might want to have a stronger force at the village that leads to more villages. Tarragona connects to two unexplored villages, Girona connects to one. So Tarragona is more strategically important. So we might want to send a stronger force there. But we sent 3 archer, 2 knight to Tarragona (5 troops), and 5 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight to Girona (7 troops). Actually, 7 > 5, so Girona has more. That's the opposite. We could swap: send 5 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight to Tarragona, and 3 archer, 2 knight to Girona. But then Tarragona's most numerous would be spearman (5), no bonus, attack 11, win, keep 4. Girona's most numerous archer (3), bonus, attack 10? 3*2 + 2*4 = 6+8=14, bonus 21, win, keep 2. So Tarragona would have 4, Girona 2. That might be better because Tarragona is more valuable. Let's do that.

So swap: 
Tarragona: 5 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight = 7 troops. Attack: 5+2+4=11, no bonus, win. Losses 3, keep 4.
Girona: 3 archer, 2 knight = 5 troops. Attack: 6+8=14, bonus 1.5 = 21, win. Losses 3, keep 2.
So Tarragona gets 4, Girona gets 2. That seems better.

But wait, we need to check the most numerous for Tarragona: spearman (5) vs archer (1) vs knight (1). So spearman most numerous. No bonus. Attack 11 vs 3, win. Losses 3, keep 4. Good.
Girona: archer (3) vs knight (2). Most numerous archer, bonus 1.5. Attack 14*1.5=21 vs 3, win. Losses 3, keep 2. Good.

So let's use that.

Movements:
to Tarragona (21): {"spearman": 5, "archer": 1, "knight": 1}
to Girona (23): {"spearman": 0, "archer": 3, "knight": 2}

Total: spearman 5, archer 4, knight 3. Correct.

Now, build: still 1 archer at Barcelona.

Plan: update accordingly.

Plan: "I have attacked Tarragona and Girona. Tarragona force: 5 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight. Girona force: 3 archers, 2 knights. I built an archer at Barcelona. Next turn, I will survey the new villages (Zaragoza, Castellon from Tarragona; Huesca from Girona) and plan further expansion. Tarragona will have a garrison of 4; Girona 2. I must reinforce them."

Statement: "My armies struck at both neutral villages. The spearmen lead the assault on Tarragona, while archers and knights overwhelm Girona. At Barcelona, I train an archer to rebuild my ranks."

Now, check if we need to consider that the enemy might have seen our movements? The enemy sees only what their villages and armies reach. They don't see our villages unless they are connected. So they might not see Barcelona. They might see Tarragona and Girona if they have villages nearby? But they are neutral, so no. So our movements are hidden.

Now, final JSON. Ensure no trailing commas.

Let's write it.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"arqueiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":22,"destinoId":21,"tropas":{"lanceiro":5,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":22,"destinoId":23,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":2}}]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [22]
ACEITO envio [22]->[21]: 5S+1A+1K (alvo neutra lanceiro)
ACEITO envio [22]->[23]: 3A+2K (alvo neutra lanceiro)
plano (volta no proximo prompt): I have attacked Tarragona and Girona with split forces. Tarragona: 5 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight. Girona: 3 archers, 2 knights. I built an archer at Barcelona. Next turn, I will survey the newly captured villages (Zaragoza, Castellon from Tarragona; Huesca from Girona) and plan further expansion. Tarragona will have a garrison of 4; Girona 2. I must reinforce them and explore the road network.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): My armies struck at both neutral villages simultaneously. The spearmen lead the assault on Tarragona, while archers and knights overwhelm Girona. At Barcelona, I train an archer to rebuild my ranks.
placar: A 1 ald/tropas 6 | B 1 ald/tropas 0 | neutras 22 | transito 4 (A 2 | B 2)

########## TURNO 2 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 2365 | resposta 1252 | raciocinio 1252 | finish content_filter | ms 17135
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: We are King A. We have 3 villages: Lisboa (capital), Santarem, Evora. We have 13 troops at home: 5 spearman, 5 archer, 3 knight. We need to hold 18 of 24 villages for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. We currently hold 3 of 24. The enemy capital is Barcelona (22), but taking it is not required.

We have resources: Lisboa has wood 40, iron 30; Santarem and Evora have 0 wood, 0 iron. Each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. So Lisboa will produce 30 wood, 20 iron next turn; Santarem and Evora will also produce, but they have 0 now. However, we can build in Lisboa because it has resources. We can also build in Santarem and Evora if we send resources? No, resources are per village; each village pays for its own builds from its own stock. So Santarem and Evora have 0 wood and 0 iron, so they cannot build anything this turn unless we send resources? But the rules say: "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." So we cannot build in Santarem or Evora because they have 0 resources. We could send resources to them? But resources are not transferable? The rules say: "Resources belong to EACH village (there is no shared treasury): a village pays for its own builds from its own stock." So we cannot transfer resources. So only Lisboa can build this turn.

We can build in Lisboa: it has 40 wood, 30 iron. We can build spearman (15 wood, 0 iron), archer (20 wood, 10 iron), knight (30 wood, 30 iron). We can build multiple units as long as we have resources. Let's see what we can afford. We have 40 wood, 30 iron. We could build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) leaving 0 wood, 10 iron. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 10 wood, 0 iron. Or 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron) leaving 10 wood, 30 iron. Or combinations. But we also have troops at home: 7/300, so we can build more.

We also have movements: we can send troops from our villages to attack neutral villages or reinforce. We see Coimbra (neutral, 1 knight, defense 3), Badajoz (neutral, 2 spearmen, defense 5), Faro (neutral, 2 spearmen, defense 5). We can attack these from Santarem or Evora. But we need to consider travel time. From Santarem to Coimbra: 1 slow/medium/fast turn. From Santarem to Badajoz: 1 turn. From Evora to Faro: 1 turn. So we can reach them in 1 turn. But we need to have troops to send. We have available: Lisboa: 3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight; Santarem: 1 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight; Evora: 1 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight. We can send them.

We need to decide on a campaign plan. We want to expand quickly. We should capture Coimbra, Badajoz, Faro to get more villages. Each village we capture will produce resources and allow more builds. We also need to consider that neutral villages harden over time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type. So we should attack them before they get stronger.

We also need to think about the enemy. We don't see any enemy armies, but we know the enemy capital is Barcelona. We need to eventually confront the enemy, but first we need to build up.

Let's plan for this turn: Build in Lisboa to increase our army. Since we want to attack neutral villages, we might want to send troops from Santarem and Evora to attack Coimbra, Badajoz, Faro. But we need to consider the garrisons. Coimbra has 1 knight, defense 3. Badajoz has 2 spearmen, defense 5. Faro has 2 spearmen, defense 5. We need to win the battles. We can send troops from Santarem to Coimbra and Badajoz? But we can only send one army per village? We can send multiple armies from the same village? The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So we can send multiple armies from the same village? It says "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up", but it doesn't say we can't send multiple from the same village. But typically, we send one army from a village. The "movements" field is a list, so we can have multiple movements from the same village? Probably yes, but they would be separate armies. However, if we send them at the same time, they would arrive at the same time? The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if we send from the same village, they might be considered one army? Actually, the rules say "Each army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So if we send multiple armies from the same village to the same target, they might be considered separate armies? But they would be marching along the same road, and they might meet? The rules: "Your own armies never fight each other: they pass freely." So they could both go to the same target and fight sequentially? But it's simpler to send one combined army from a village. The "movements" entry expects a list of movements, each with fromId, toId, and troops. We can send multiple from
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
########## TURNO 2 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 2837 | resposta 7748 | raciocinio 5730 | finish stop | ms 82806
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 21, \"toId\": 18, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 21, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 23, \"toId\": 20, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 22, \"toId\": 21, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 0}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"I am launching a triple attack this turn to expand my territory. Tarragona will attack Castellon and Zaragoza, while Girona attacks Huesca. Barcelona will build a spearman and an archer, and send its existing archer to reinforce Tarragona. I must remember to consolidate my newly conquered villages and start building up their economies.\",\n  \"statement\": \"Orders are given for a major expansion! My forces from Tarragona will strike Castellon and Zaragoza, while Girona's army takes Huesca. Barcelona is on war production, building a spearman and an archer, and sending its archer to Tarragona. We are moving to secure the northern route!\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B in a turn-based strategy game.
Let's analyze the rules, the current state, and what my options are.

Current state:
- I am King B.
- I own 3 villages: Barcelona (22), Tarragona (21), Girona (23).
- Total troops at home: 12 soldiers (4 spearman, 5 archer, 3 knight) + 0 marching.
- Village details:
  - Barcelona [22]: wood 40 (+30/turn), iron 30 (+20/turn). Effective defense: 3. Troops at home: 1/300 (1 archer). Available to send: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight.
  - Tarragona [21]: wood 0 (+30/turn), iron 0 (+20/turn). Effective defense: 15. Troops at home: 6/300 (4 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight). Available to send: 4 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
  - Girona [23]: wood 0 (+30/turn), iron 0 (+20/turn). Effective defense: 13. Troops at home: 5/300 (0 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight). Available to send: 0 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight.
- Neutral villages I can see:
  - Castellon [18]: garrison 1 knight, defense 3. March from Tarragona [21]: 1 fast turn.
  - Zaragoza [17]: garrison 2 spearmen, defense 5. March from Tarragona [21]: 1 fast turn.
  - Huesca [20]: garrison 2 spearmen, defense 5. March from Girona [23]: 1 fast turn.
- Unexplored villages: 18 of them, including enemy capital Lisboa [0].
- Road network is provided.
- Enemy: no armies sighted.
- Goal: hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. Currently hold 3 of 24.
- Enemy capital is the hardest single target, taking it is NOT required to win.

Let's look at the economy:
- Each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn.
- Costs:
  - spearman: 15 wood + 0 iron (ready in 1 turn)
  - archer: 20 wood + 10 iron (ready in 1 turn)
  - knight: 30 wood + 30 iron (ready in 1 turn)
- Cap per village: 300 troops.
- Neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type.
- Only order a build the village can pay for NOW.
- Barcelona has wood 40, iron 30. It can build:
  - 1 archer (costs 20 wood + 10 iron) -> wood 20, iron 20 left.
  - Or 1 spearman (costs 15 wood) -> wood 25, iron 30 left.
  - Or 2 spearman (costs 30 wood) -> wood 10, iron 30 left.
  - Or 1 knight (costs 30 wood + 30 iron) -> wood 10, iron 0 left.
  - Let's check what makes sense. Barcelona has 1 archer already. It can build another archer or spearman or knight. Let's build 1 spearman or 1 archer. Let's build 1 spearman (costs 15 wood, 0 iron). Or maybe 1 archer (costs 20 wood, 10 iron). Let's build 1 spearman to have some defense, or 1 archer. Let's see: Tarragona and Girona have 0 wood and 0 iron, so they cannot build anything this turn unless they produce resources first? Wait, "Each village you hold produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn." But Tarragona and Girona have wood 0 and iron 0. Does that mean they start with 0 and will get 30 wood and 20 iron at the end of this turn? Yes, "wood 0 (+30/turn) | iron 0 (+20/turn)". So they cannot build this turn because they have 0 resources now. Only Barcelona can build because it has wood 40, iron 30.
Let's see what Barcelona can build:
- knight: costs 30 wood + 30 iron. Barcelona has 40 wood, 30 iron. It can build 1 knight! But is it worth it? 1 knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. It would leave wood 10, iron 0.
- Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) -> total 35 wood, 10 iron. Leaves wood 5, iron 20.
- Or 2 archers: 40 wood, 20 iron. Leaves wood 0, iron 10.
Let's build 1 archer and 1 spearman, or just 1 spearman and 1 archer, or 1 knight. Let's build 1 spearman and 1 archer to diversify, or 1 knight for heavy hitting. Let's build 1 spearman and 1 archer in Barcelona. Cost: 15 wood + 20 wood = 35 wood, 10 iron. We have 40 wood, 30 iron, so we can afford both. Or we can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 0 spearman/archer. Let's build 1 spearman and 1 archer.

Let's look at the military situation.
We have:
- Tarragona [21]: 4 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
- Girona [23]: 0 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight.
- Barcelona [22]: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight.
We want to expand.
From Tarragona, we can attack Castellon [18] or Zaragoza [17].
Castellon has 1 knight, defense 3.
Zaragoza has 2 spearmen, defense 5.
From Girona, we can attack Huesca [20].
Huesca has 2 spearmen, defense 5.

Let's calculate combat strength.
Combat rules:
- spearman: attack 1, defense 2, speed slow.
- archer: attack 2, defense 2, speed medium.
- knight: attack 4, defense 2, speed fast.
- Counter triangle: spearman counters knight (multiplies force by 1.5); archer counters spearman (multiplies force by 1.5); knight counters archer (multiplies force by 1.5).
- The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties break in order spearman, archer, knight).
- Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village, x1.5 in a castle. In open field, no bonus.
- The side with HIGHER effective force wins. Tie favors defender.
- Winner takes losses (attrition against loser's effective force).
- Effective defense in report ALREADY includes location bonus.

Let's look at Castellon [18]:
- Garrison: 1 knight.
- Defense: 3 (effective defense, already includes location bonus). Since it's a village, defense of knight is 2 * 1.25 = 2.5, rounded to 3.
- If we attack with Tarragona's troops: 4 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
  - Most numerous: spearman (4). So the matchup is spearman vs knight? No, the defender has only 1 knight, so their most numerous is knight. Our most numerous is spearman. Spearman counters knight! So our force is multiplied by 1.5.
  - Let's calculate our attack: spearman attack 1, archer attack 2, knight attack 4.
    - Total attack = 4 * 1 + 1 * 2 + 1 * 4 = 10.
    - Counter bonus: spearman counters knight, so we multiply by 1.5? Or is it the effective force?
    - "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
    - So our attack force of 10 is multiplied by 1.5 -> 15.
    - Defender's effective defense is 3.
    - 15 vs 3, we win easily.
- If we attack Zaragoza [17]:
  - Garrison: 2 spearmen. Defense: 5 (effective defense, spearman defense 2 * 2 = 4, plus village bonus 2 * 1.25 = 2.5 -> 5).
  - Our troops: 4 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous: spearman (4). Defender most numerous: spearman (2). No counter bonus (archer counters spearman, but we have spearman, not archer as most numerous).
  - Our attack: 4 * 1 + 1 * 2 + 1 * 4 = 10.
  - Defender defense: 5.
  - 10 vs 5, we win.
- If we attack Huesca [20] from Girona:
  - Garrison: 2 spearmen. Defense: 5.
  - Girona troops: 3 archer, 2 knight. Most numerous: archer (3). Defender: spearman (2). Archer counters spearman! So our force is multiplied by 1.5.
  - Our attack: 3 * 2 + 2 * 4 = 14.
  - Counter bonus: 1.5 * 14 = 21.
  - Defender defense: 5.
  - 21 vs 5, we win easily.

Wait, we can attack multiple villages in the same turn!
"Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now."
Can we attack Castellon and Zaragoza at the same time?
Yes, we can split Tarragona's troops, or send some to Castellon and some to Zaragoza.
But wait! "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination. You cannot march past an enemy or neutral village to hit one behind it."
And "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So we can send from Tarragona to Castellon, and from Tarragona to Zaragoza. But they will fight separately.
Let's see if we can send some to Castellon and some to Zaragoza.
Tarragona has 4 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
If we send 2 spearman, 1 archer to Castellon, and 2 spearman, 1 knight to Zaragoza.
Let's check if we can win both fights.
Castellon: 1 knight. Defense 3.
- Our troops: 2 spearman, 1 archer. Most numerous: spearman (2). Defender: knight (1). Spearman counters knight! Multiplies by 1.5.
- Attack: 2 * 1 + 1 * 2 = 4. With counter: 4 * 1.5 = 6.
- Defender defense: 3. 6 vs 3, we win.
Zaragoza: 2 spearmen. Defense 5.
- Our troops: 2 spearman, 1 knight. Most numerous: spearman (2). Defender: spearman (2). No counter.
- Attack: 2 * 1 + 1 * 4 = 6.
- Defender defense: 5. 6 vs 5, we win (tie favors defender, but 6 > 5, so we win).
Wait, if we leave Tarragona with 0 troops, is that okay? Yes, we can leave it empty, but then it has no defense. But we just conquered it, and the enemy has no armies sighted. It might be safe for now.
But wait, we also have Girona with 3 archer, 2 knight. We can send them to Huesca [20].
Huesca: 2 spearmen, defense 5.
- Our troops: 3 archer, 2 knight. Most numerous: archer (3). Defender: spearman (2). Archer counters spearman! Multiplies by 1.5.
- Attack: 3 * 2 + 2 * 4 = 14. With counter: 14 * 1.5 = 21.
- Defender defense: 5. 21 vs 5, we win easily.
Can we send all of Girona's troops to Huesca? Yes, 3 archer, 2 knight.
What about Barcelona? Barcelona has 1 archer. We can send it to Tarragona to reinforce, or keep it. But we can also build troops in Barcelona.
Let's think about the build in Barcelona.
Barcelona has 40 wood, 30 iron.
We can build:
- 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron)
- 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron)
- 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron)
If we build 1 knight, we have 10 wood, 0 iron left. We can't build anything else.
If we build 1 archer and 1 spearman, we use 35 wood, 10 iron. We have 5 wood, 20 iron left.
Let's build 1 archer and 1 spearman in Barcelona. This gives us more troops to reinforce or attack.
Wait, can we send the newly built troops this turn?
"ready in 1 turn." This means they are ready at the end of the turn, or at the beginning of the next turn? "ready in 1 turn" usually means they are available to be sent in the NEXT turn, or can they be sent this turn?
"Each troop type has its own ATTACK and DEFENSE values... ready in 1 turn."
Usually, in these games, if you order a build, it is completed at the end of the turn, so you cannot send it in the same turn. But let's check the rules: "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." "ready in 1 turn." It doesn't explicitly say if they can be sent in the same turn, but typically they cannot because orders are simultaneous. Let's assume they are ready for the next turn.

Let's look at the map and road network.
Tarragona [21] is connected to:
- Zaragoza [17] (neutral)
- Castellon [18] (neutral)
- Barcelona [22] (yours)
Girona [23] is connected to:
- Huesca [20] (neutral)
- Barcelona [22] (yours)
Barcelona [22] is connected to:
- Tarragona [21]
- Girona [23]

So we can attack:
- Castellon [18] from Tarragona [21]
- Zaragoza [17] from Tarragona [21]
- Huesca [20] from Girona [23]

Let's plan the attacks:
From Tarragona [21]:
We have 4 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
Let's send 2 spearman, 1 archer to Castellon [18].
Let's send 2 spearman, 1 knight to Zaragoza [17].
From Girona [23]:
We have 3 archer, 2 knight.
Let's send all of them (3 archer, 2 knight) to Huesca [20].
From Barcelona [22]:
We have 1 archer. We can keep it or send it to Tarragona [21] to reinforce. Let's send it to Tarragona [21] to reinforce, or keep it in Barcelona. Let's send it to Tarragona [21] as reinforcements. Wait, Tarragona is ours, so we can send it there. March from Barcelona to Tarragona: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn. So it takes 1 turn to arrive.

Let's double check the combat calculations.
Castellon [18]:
- Defender: 1 knight. Defense 3.
- Attacker: 2 spearman, 1 archer.
  - Attack: 2 * 1 (spearman) + 1 * 2 (archer) = 4.
  - Most numerous: spearman (2). Defender most numerous: knight (1).
  - Spearman counters knight -> multiplier 1.5.
  - Effective attack: 4 * 1.5 = 6.
  - Defender defense: 3.
  - Result: 6 vs 3. Attacker wins.
  - Losses: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
    - Loser's effective force: knight attack is 4. But it's defending, so does it use attack or defense for attrition? "attrition against the loser's effective force." Usually, the loser's effective force is their attack or defense? "attrition against the loser's effective force" - let's assume it's the loser's attack power or defense power. Since it's a defense battle, maybe defense? Or attack? The rule says "attrition against the loser's effective force". Let's not worry too much about the exact attrition unless it's close. 6 vs 3 is a solid win.

Zaragoza [17]:
- Defender: 2 spearmen. Defense 5.
- Attacker: 2 spearman, 1 knight.
  - Attack: 2 * 1 (spearman) + 1 * 4 (knight) = 6.
  - Most numerous: spearman (2). Defender most numerous: spearman (2). No counter.
  - Effective attack: 6.
  - Defender defense: 5.
  - Result: 6 vs 5. Attacker wins.
  - Attrition: 6 vs 5, so we might lose 1 or 2 troops. But we win.

Huesca [20]:
- Defender: 2 spearmen. Defense 5.
- Attacker: 3 archer, 2 knight.
  - Attack: 3 * 2 (archer) + 2 * 4 (knight) = 14.
  - Most numerous: archer (3). Defender most numerous: spearman (2).
  - Archer counters spearman -> multiplier 1.5.
  - Effective attack: 14 * 1.5 = 21.
  - Defender defense: 5.
  - Result: 21 vs 5. Attacker wins with minimal losses.

Let's check if we can send troops from Barcelona to Castellon or Zaragoza.
Barcelona is connected to Tarragona, not directly to Castellon or Zaragoza. So troops from Barcelona would have to go through Tarragona. But "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". Since Tarragona is ours, they would pass through it. But they would arrive at Tarragona first, then next turn they could go to Castellon. So we cannot attack Castellon from Barcelona in 1 turn.

Let's check the build order for Barcelona.
Barcelona has 40 wood, 30 iron.
We can build:
- 1 spearman (costs 15 wood, 0 iron)
- 1 archer (costs 20 wood, 10 iron)
Total cost: 35 wood, 10 iron.
Remaining: 5 wood, 20 iron.
This is a good build because it gives us 2 troops for the price of 1 knight (which costs 30 wood, 30 iron).
Let's build 1 spearman and 1 archer in Barcelona.

Let's write down the movements:
- From Tarragona [21] to Castellon [18]: 2 spearman, 1 archer.
- From Tarragona [21] to Zaragoza [17]: 2 spearman, 1 knight.
- From Girona [23] to Huesca [20]: 3 archer, 2 knight.
- From Barcelona [22] to Tarragona [21]: 1 archer (to reinforce Tarragona).

Wait, if we send all troops from Tarragona, Tarragona will have 0 troops left.
Is that wise? Tarragona has an effective defense of 15. If we leave it empty, its defense drops to 0 (or whatever the village defense is without troops). But we just conquered it, and the enemy is far away. It might be okay to leave it empty for one turn to capture Castellon and Zaragoza, which will then produce resources and can reinforce Tarragona.
Actually, if we capture Castellon and Zaragoza, they will become ours, and we can use their resources.
Let's check if we should leave some troops in Tarragona.
If we leave 1 spearman in Tarragona, we can only send 3 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
We could send 1 spearman, 1 archer to Castellon, and 2 spearman, 1 knight to Zaragoza.
Let's check if 1 spearman, 1 archer can beat Castellon (1 knight, defense 3).
- Attack: 1 * 1 + 1 * 2 = 3.
- Most numerous: spearman (1) and archer (1). Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So spearman is most numerous.
- Spearman counters knight -> multiplier 1.5.
- Effective attack: 3 * 1.5 = 4.5 -> 4 or 5.
- Defender defense: 3.
- 4.5 vs 3, we still win! But it's closer.
What if we send 2 spearman, 1 archer to Castellon, and 2 spearman, 1 knight to Zaragoza? That leaves 0 troops in Tarragona.
Let's look at the note from last turn: "Tarragona will have a garrison of 4; Girona 2. I must reinforce them and explore the road network."
Actually, we want to expand. Leaving Tarragona empty for one turn is a common tactic in these games to maximize offensive power, as long as the enemy cannot attack it this turn. The enemy has no armies sighted, and the nearest enemy territory is far away (Lisboa, etc.). So it is safe to leave Tarragona empty for this turn.

Let's review the troop counts:
Tarragona [21] has: 4 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
We send:
- to Castellon [18]: 2 spearman, 1 archer.
- to Zaragoza [17]: 2 spearman, 1 knight.
Total sent: 4 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. This perfectly uses all of Tarragona's troops!

Girona [23] has: 3 archer, 2 knight.
We send:
- to Huesca [20]: 3 archer, 2 knight.
Total sent: 3 archer, 2 knight. This perfectly uses all of Girona's troops!

Barcelona [22] has: 1 archer.
We send:
- to Tarragona [21]: 1 archer.
This reinforces Tarragona for next turn.

Builds in Barcelona [22]:
- 1 spearman
- 1 archer
This uses 35 wood, 10 iron. Barcelona has 40 wood, 30 iron, so it can afford it.

Let's double check if there are any other villages we can see or attack.
"VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE (3) - sorted by march distance from your nearest"
- Castellon [18] (neutral)
- Zaragoza [17] (neutral)
- Huesca [20] (neutral)
These are the only ones we can see and attack right now.

Let's check the road network to make sure the marches are valid.
- Tarragona [21] to Castellon [18]: road exists? Yes, [18] Castellon is connected to [21] Tarragona. March distance: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- Tarragona [21] to Zaragoza [17]: road exists? Yes, [17] Zaragoza is connected to [21] Tarragona. March distance: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- Girona [23] to Huesca [20]: road exists? Yes, [20] Huesca is connected to [23] Girona. March distance: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- Barcelona [22] to Tarragona [21]: road exists? Yes, [21] Tarragona is connected to [22] Barcelona. March distance: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

Everything is perfectly aligned!

Let's write the "plan" and "statement".
Plan:
"I am launching a triple attack this turn to expand my territory. Tarragona will attack Castellon and Zaragoza, while Girona attacks Huesca. Barcelona will build a spearman and an archer, and send its existing archer to reinforce Tarragona. I must remember to consolidate my newly conquered villages and start building up their economies."

Statement:
"Orders are given for a major expansion! My forces from Tarragona will strike Castellon and Zaragoza, while Girona's army takes Huesca. Barcelona is on war production, building a spearman and an archer, and sending its archer to Tarragona. We are moving to secure the northern route!"

Let's format the JSON correctly.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 21, "toId": 18, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 21, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 23, "toId": 20, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 3, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 22, "toId": 21, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}}
  ],
  "plan": "I am launching a triple attack this turn to expand my territory. Tarragona will attack Castellon and Zaragoza, while Girona attacks Huesca. Barcelona will build a spearman and an archer, and send its existing archer to reinforce Tarragona. I must remember to consolidate my newly conquered villages and start building up their economies.",
  "statement": "Orders are given for a major expansion! My forces from Tarragona will strike Castellon and Zaragoza, while Girona's army takes Huesca. Barcelona is on war production, building a spearman and an archer, and sending its archer to Tarragona. We are moving to secure the northern route!"
}

Let's double check the troop counts in the movements.
Tarragona [21] has: 4 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
Movement 1 (to 18): 2 spearman, 1 archer.
Movement 2 (to 17): 2 spearman, 1 knight.
Total sent from 21: 4 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Correct.

Girona [23] has: 3 archer, 2 knight.
Movement 3 (to 20): 3 archer, 2 knight.
Total sent from 23: 3 archer, 2 knight. Correct.

Barcelona [22] has: 1 archer.
Movement 4 (to 21): 1 archer.
Total sent from 22: 1 archer. Correct.

Builds in Barcelona [22]:
- 1 spearman (costs 15 wood)
- 1 archer (costs 20 wood, 10 iron)
Total cost: 35 wood, 10 iron.
Barcelona has 40 wood, 30 iron. Correct.

Let's check if the JSON is valid and matches the requested schema.
Schema:
{
  "build": [ {"villageId": <id>, "type": <type>, "quantity": <qty>} ],
  "movements": [ {"fromId": <id>, "toId": <id>, "troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}} ],
  "plan": "<string>",
  "statement": "<string>"
}
My JSON matches perfectly.

Let's review the rules again to ensure no violations.
- "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." -> Barcelona has 40 wood, 30 iron. Spearman costs 15 wood, archer costs 20 wood + 10 iron. Total 35 wood, 10 iron. Yes, it can pay.
- "Use only ids that appear in the report above." -> 22, 21, 23, 18, 17, 20 are all in the report. Yes.
- "Empty lists are valid orders." -> Not using empty lists, but good to know.
- "Write them in ENGLISH, every turn, even if your note from last turn is in another language" -> Yes, plan and statement are in English.
- "Reply with ONE valid JSON object and nothing else - no text before or after it." -> Yes, I will output only the JSON.

Let's do a quick sanity check on the combat math for Zaragoza.
Zaragoza: 2 spearmen, defense 5.
Our troops: 2 spearman, 1 knight.
Attack: 2 * 1 + 1 * 4 = 6.
Most numerous: spearman (2). Defender: spearman (2). No counter.
Effective attack: 6.
Defender defense: 5.
6 > 5, so we win.
Is there any chance of losing?
"The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER."
6 is higher than 5, so we win.
"The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
Loser's effective force is 5. So we will take some losses, probably 1 or 2 troops. But we will capture Zaragoza.

What about Castellon?
Castellon: 1 knight, defense 3.
Our troops: 2 spearman, 1 archer.
Attack: 2 * 1 + 1 * 2 = 4.
Most numerous: spearman (2). Defender: knight (1).
Spearman counters knight -> 1.5 multiplier.
Effective attack: 4 * 1.5 = 6.
Defender defense: 3.
6 > 3, we win.

What about Huesca?
Huesca: 2 spearmen, defense 5.
Our troops: 3 archer, 2 knight.
Attack: 3 * 2 + 2 * 4 = 14.
Most numerous: archer (3). Defender: spearman (2).
Archer counters spearman -> 1.5 multiplier.
Effective attack: 14 * 1.5 = 21.
Defender defense: 5.
21 > 5, we win.

Everything looks extremely solid. I am ready to output the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"arqueiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":21,"destinoId":18,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":21,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":23,"destinoId":20,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":22,"destinoId":21,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":0}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [22]
ACEITO envio [21]->[18]: 2S+1A (alvo neutra cavaleiro)
ACEITO envio [21]->[17]: 2S+1K (alvo neutra lanceiro)
ACEITO envio [23]->[20]: 3A+2K (alvo neutra lanceiro)
ACEITO envio [22]->[21]: 1A
plano (volta no proximo prompt): I am launching a triple attack this turn to expand my territory. Tarragona will attack Castellon and Zaragoza, while Girona attacks Huesca. Barcelona will build a spearman and an archer, and send its existing archer to reinforce Tarragona. I must remember to consolidate my newly conquered villages and start building up their economies.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): Orders are given for a major expansion! My forces from Tarragona will strike Castellon and Zaragoza, while Girona's army takes Huesca. Barcelona is on war production, building a spearman and an archer, and sending its archer to Tarragona. We are moving to secure the northern route!
COMBATE [1] Santarem: atacante A Fatk=5 (ef 8) Fdef=2 (ef 3) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~1
COMBATE [2] Evora: atacante A Fatk=5 (ef 8) Fdef=2 (ef 3) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~1
COMBATE [21] Tarragona: atacante B Fatk=11 (ef 11) Fdef=2 (ef 3) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~1
COMBATE [23] Girona: atacante B Fatk=14 (ef 21) Fdef=2 (ef 3) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~1
placar: A 3 ald/tropas 13 | B 3 ald/tropas 0 | neutras 18 | transito 4 (A 0 | B 4)

########## TURNO 3 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 2227 | resposta 1266 | raciocinio 1266 | finish content_filter | ms 18521
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A in a turn-based strategy game. I need to analyze the current state and provide orders in a specific JSON format.

Current state:
- I hold 3 of 24 villages (Lisboa, Santarem, Evora).
- Goal: hold 18 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.
- Enemy capital is Barcelona (id 22), but taking it is not required to win.
- Current troops: 13 at home (5 spearman, 5 archer, 3 knight).
- Resources: Lisboa has 70 wood, 50 iron. Santarem has 30 wood, 20 iron. Evora has 30 wood, 20 iron.
- Neutral villages nearby: Coimbra (1 knight), Badajoz (2 spearmen), Faro (2 spearmen).
- Road network connects villages.

Economy:
- Each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn.
- Costs: spearman 15 wood + 0 iron; archer 20 wood + 10 iron; knight 30 wood + 30 iron.
- Cap: 300 troops per village.

Combat:
- Attack/Defense: spearman (1/2), archer (2/2), knight (4/2).
- Counter triangle: spearman vs knight (1.5x), archer vs spearman (1.5x), knight vs archer (1.5x).
- Most numerous type sets counter.
- Defense bonus: village x1.25, castle x1.5, open field none.
- Tie favors defender.
- Effective defense in report includes bonus.

Movement:
- March along roads.
- Stop at first enemy/neutral village.
- Troops from different villages fight separately.
- Speeds: spearman slow, archer medium, knight fast.

Fog of war: I see my villages, connected villages, and armies on march.

Turn 3: No armies marching. Enemy not sighted.

My villages:
- Lisboa (0): 7 troops (3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight). Available to send: 3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight. Defense: 21.
- Santarem (1): 3 troops (1 spearman, 2 archer). Available: 1 spearman, 2 archer. Defense: 8.
- Evora (2): 3 troops (1 spearman, 2 archer). Available: 1 spearman, 2 archer. Defense: 8.

Neutral villages:
- Coimbra (3): 1 knight, defense 3. March from Santarem: 1 fast turn.
- Badajoz (4): 2 spearmen, defense 5. March from Santarem: 1 fast turn.
- Faro (5): 2 spearmen, defense 5. March from Evora: 1 fast turn.

Strategy:
- I need to expand. I have 3 villages, need 15 more.
- I should attack neutral villages to gain territory and resources.
- Coimbra has 1 knight, defense 3. If I send troops from Santarem: 1 spearman, 2 archer. Attack power: spearman 1, archer 2 each. Total attack: 1 + 2 + 2 = 5. But counter: archer vs spearman? Coimbra has knight. Knight is most numerous. My army: 1 spearman, 2 archer. Most numerous: archer (2). Archer vs knight: no counter (knight counters archer). So no bonus. Effective attack: 5. Defense: 3 (knight defense 2, but location bonus? Effective defense is 3, so already included). 5 vs 3, I win. But knight is fast, so march time 1 turn.
- Badajoz: 2 spearmen, defense 5. From Santarem: 1 spearman, 2 archer. Most numerous: archer (2). Archer vs spearman: counter! 1.5x bonus. Attack: spearman 1, archer 2 each. With bonus: archers count as 3 each? Or total attack multiplied? Rule: "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So total attack: (1 + 2 + 2) * 1.5 = 5 * 1.5 = 7.5. Defense: 5. I win.
- Faro: 2 spearmen, defense 5. From Evora: 1 spearman, 2 archer. Same as Badajoz: attack 7.5 vs defense 5. Win.

But I need to consider resources and building.
- I should build more troops to increase army.
- Lisboa has 70 wood, 50 iron. Can build: spearman (15 wood), archer (20 wood, 10 iron), knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- I can build knights: 30 wood, 30 iron. Lisboa has 50 iron, so can build 1 knight (30 iron). Wood: 70, so 2 knights (60 wood). But only 3 knights at home? Actually, "troops at home: 7 / 300" means current troops. I can build more.
- I should build troops to attack neutrals.
- But I also need to defend. My villages have low defense: Santarem and Evora have 8, which is okay but might be attacked.

Plan:
- Turn 3: Build troops in Lisboa to reinforce. Send troops from Santarem to Coimbra and Badajoz? But I can only send one army per village? No, I can send multiple armies from different villages. But from one village, I can send one army? The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So I can send from Santarem to Coimbra, and from Evora to Faro, etc. But I can also send from Lisboa to reinforce.

But I need to consider march times. Coimbra is 1 fast turn from Santarem. So if I send now, it arrives next turn.

I should attack Coimbra, Badajoz, and Faro simultaneously.
- From Santarem: send 1 spearman, 2 archer to Coimbra. Attack: 5 vs defense 3. Win.
- From Santarem: but I only have 1 spearman, 2 archer. I can't split them? I can send all to one target. But I have two targets from Santarem: Coimbra and Badajoz. I can only send one army from Santarem this turn? The rules don't say I can't send multiple armies from the same village, but "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up" implies I can send from the same village to different targets? Actually, it says "Tro
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
########## TURNO 3 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3153 | resposta 15967 | raciocinio 12803 | finish stop | ms 164181
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 20, \"toId\": 19, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 22, \"toId\": 23, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 1, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 21, \"toId\": 18, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 0}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Attacking Pamplona with all troops from Huesca to expand territory. Reinforcing Castellon from Tarragona for the upcoming attack on Valencia. Building troops in Barcelona, Tarragona, and Girona to grow the army and defend Girona. Next turn: consolidate Pamplona, launch attack on Valencia, and begin building in newly conquered villages. Consider reinforcing Huesca from Zaragoza next turn to avoid leaving it empty.\",\n  \"statement\": \"King B orders a full assault on Pamplona, sending every available soldier from Huesca. Reinforcements march to Castellon and Girona to secure the borders. The army grows as new troops are trained in the capital and Tarragona.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B in a turn-based strategy game. I need to analyze the current state of the game, make decisions on building troops and moving armies, and provide a JSON response with my orders, a plan note, and a statement for the audience.

Let's break down the current state from the report:

**My Villages (6):**
- Barcelona (Capital): wood 35, iron 40. Troops: 2 (1 spearman, 1 archer). Can build: 1 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight.
- Tarragona: wood 30, iron 20. Troops: 1 (1 archer). Can build: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight.
- Girona: wood 30, iron 20. Troops: 0. Can build: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight.
- Castellon: wood 0, iron 0. Troops: 3 (2 spearman, 1 archer). Can build: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight.
- Zaragoza: wood 0, iron 0. Troops: 2 (1 spearman, 1 knight). Can build: 1 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight.
- Huesca: wood 0, iron 0. Troops: 5 (0 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight). Can build: 0 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight.

**Neutral Villages I can see:**
- Valencia (16): garrison 2 knights. Def 5. March from Castellon: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns.
- Teruel (13): garrison 3 spearmen. Def 8. March from Castellon: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns.
- Madrid (12): garrison 3 spearmen. Def 8. March from Zaragoza: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns.
- Pamplona (19): garrison 3 archers. Def 8. March from Zaragoza: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns.

**Unexplored Villages (14):**
- Murcia, Burgos, Salamanca, Toledo, Cordoba, Badajoz, Porto, Vigo, Coimbra, Sevilha, Faro, Santarem, Lisboa (Enemy Capital), Evora.

**Road Network:**
- Barcelona (22) connects to Tarragona (21) and Girona (23).
- Tarragona (21) connects to Zaragoza (17), Castellon (18), Barcelona (22).
- Girona (23) connects to Huesca (20), Barcelona (22).
- Castellon (18) connects to Teruel (13), Valencia (16), Tarragona (21).
- Zaragoza (17) connects to Madrid (12), Teruel (13), Pamplona (19), Huesca (20), Tarragona (21).
- Huesca (20) connects to Zaragoza (17), Pamplona (19), Girona (23).

**Goal:**
Hold at least 18 of 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. Currently hold 6 of 24. Need to expand.

**Economy:**
Each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn.
Barcelona has 35 wood, 40 iron.
Tarragona has 30 wood, 20 iron.
Girona has 30 wood, 20 iron.
Castellon, Zaragoza, Huesca have 0 wood, 0 iron (just conquered, need time to produce).

**Troop Costs:**
- spearman: 15 wood + 0 iron
- archer: 20 wood + 10 iron
- knight: 30 wood + 30 iron

**Combat Rules:**
- spearman: attack 1, defense 2, slow
- archer: attack 2, defense 2, medium
- knight: attack 4, defense 2, fast
- Counter triangle: spearman counters knight (1.5x), archer counters spearman (1.5x), knight counters archer (1.5x). Most numerous type sets counter.
- Defense in village: defense x1.25. Castle: x1.5. Open field: no bonus.
- Tie favors defender.

**Current Troops Available to Send:**
- Barcelona: 1 spearman, 1 archer
- Tarragona: 1 archer
- Castellon: 2 spearman, 1 archer
- Zaragoza: 1 spearman, 1 knight
- Huesca: 3 archer, 2 knight

**Strategy:**
I need to expand my territory. The nearest neutrals are Valencia, Teruel, Madrid, Pamplona.
- Valencia (16): 2 knights, def 5. March from Castellon (18) is 1 turn.
- Teruel (13): 3 spearmen, def 8. March from Castellon (18) is 2 slow turns.
- Madrid (12): 3 spearmen, def 8. March from Zaragoza (17) is 1 slow turn.
- Pamplona (19): 3 archers, def 8. March from Zaragoza (17) is 2 slow turns.

Let's evaluate attacks:
- Valencia: 2 knights. Defenders: knights. Attackers need to counter knights. Spearman counters knights. But I don't have many spearmen. Archers don't counter knights. Knights don't counter knights. If I send spearman, they get 1.5x bonus. Castellon has 2 spearman, 1 archer. If I send all from Castellon: 2 spearman (attack 2), 1 archer (attack 2). Total attack 4. Defenders: 2 knights (defense 2 each, but defense in village is x1.25, so effective defense is 5 as reported). Wait, the report says effective defense is 5. Let's check: 2 knights defense 2 each = 4. Village bonus x1.25 = 5. Yes.
If I attack with 2 spearman, 1 archer. Most numerous is spearman (2 vs 1). Spearman counters knight, so 1.5x bonus. Attack power: spearman attack 1 * 1.5 = 1.5 each. 2 spearman = 3. Archer attack 2. Total attack = 5. Defender effective defense = 5. Tie favors defender. So I would lose. Not good.
Maybe send more? Barcelona has 1 spearman, 1 archer. If I send from Barcelona to Castellon, then from Castellon to Valencia? But movement takes time. I can send directly from Barcelona to Valencia? Road network: Barcelona (22) -> Tarragona (21) -> Castellon (18) -> Valencia (16). That's 3 turns. Too slow.
I can send from Zaragoza? Zaragoza -> Teruel -> Valencia? No direct road. Zaragoza -> Teruel -> Castellon -> Valencia? Too long.
So Castellon is the closest. Can I send from Tarragona? Tarragona -> Castellon -> Valencia. 2 turns.
Can I send from Zaragoza to Madrid? Zaragoza -> Madrid is 1 slow turn. Madrid has 3 spearmen, def 8. I have 1 spearman, 1 knight in Zaragoza. If I send both: spearman (attack 1) and knight (attack 4). Most numerous is 1 vs 1, tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So spearman is most numerous? No, tie in count. Order: spearman, archer, knight. So spearman is considered most numerous? "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight". So if I have 1 spearman and 1 knight, spearman is most numerous. Spearman counters knight, but defenders are spearmen. Archer counters spearman. So if attacker is spearman, no counter bonus. If attacker is knight, no counter bonus. Wait, the counter is based on the attacker's most numerous type vs defender's type. Attacker most numerous: spearman. Defender: spearmen. Spearman does not counter spearmen. So no bonus. Attack: spearman 1, knight 4 = 5. Defense: 3 spearmen defense 2 each = 6. Village bonus x1.25 = 7.5, but report says effective defense 8. So 8. Attack 5 vs defense 8. Lose.
What if I send only knight? Knight attack 4 vs defense 8. Lose.
What if I send from Barcelona to Zaragoza to Madrid? Too slow.

Let's look at Pamplona (19): 3 archers, def 8. March from Zaragoza: 2 slow turns. Zaragoza has 1 spearman, 1 knight. If I send both: most numerous spearman (tie break). Spearman counters knight, but defenders are archers. No bonus. Attack: spearman 1, knight 4 = 5. Defense: 3 archers defense 2 each = 6. Village bonus x1.25 = 7.5 -> 8. Lose.
If I send only knight: attack 4 vs defense 8. Lose.
If I send only spearman: attack 1 vs defense 8. Lose.

What about Huesca (20)? It's mine. Can send troops to Pamplona? Huesca -> Zaragoza -> Pamplona. 2 slow turns. Huesca has 3 archer, 2 knight. If I send all: most numerous archer (3). Archer counters spearman, but defenders are archers. No bonus. Attack: 3 archers * 2 = 6, 2 knights * 4 = 8. Total 14. Defense: 3 archers defense 2 each = 6. Village bonus x1.25 = 7.5 -> 8. Attack 14 vs defense 8. Win! But march takes 2 slow turns. During that time, defenders might get reinforcements? "Neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type." It's turn 3, so no hardening yet.
But wait, if I send from Huesca, it takes 2 slow turns. Huesca is 2 slow turns from Pamplona? Let's check road: Huesca (20) -> Zaragoza (17) -> Pamplona (19). Yes, 2 slow turns.
But I also need to consider that the enemy might attack my villages. I have no enemy troops sighted.

Let's think about building troops.
Barcelona: wood 35, iron 40. Can build spearman (15 wood) and archer (20 wood, 10 iron). I have 1 spearman, 1 archer available to send. If I build, I get more.
Tarragona: wood 30, iron 20. Can build archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
Girona: wood 30, iron 20. Can build nothing? It says available to send: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. But it has wood 30, iron 20. It can build a spearman (15 wood) or archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Wait, "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" means troops already built. It says "troops at home: 0 / 300". So it has no troops. But it has resources. Can it build? "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." It has 30 wood, 20 iron. It can build a spearman (15 wood) or archer (20 wood, 10 iron). The report says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight". That means no troops are currently there to send. But I can order a build! The build order is separate. The "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" is for movements. I can build in Girona even though it has 0 troops now. The build will take 1 turn, so next turn it will have troops.
Wait, the report says "troops at home: 0 / 300" for Girona. So it has no troops. But I can build there.
Let's check the build rules: "spearman: costs 15 wood + 0 iron, ready in 1 turn." So if I order a build in Girona, it will be ready next turn.
Similarly, Castellon has wood 0, iron 0. It cannot build anything this turn because it has no resources. But it produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. So next turn it will have resources. Wait, "Each village you hold produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn." Does it produce at the start of the turn or end? Usually, resources are produced and then you can spend them. The report shows wood 0 (+30/turn) for Castellon. That means it currently has 0, but will get +30 next turn. So I cannot build this turn in Castellon.
Zaragoza: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.
Huesca: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.

So only Barcelona, Tarragona, and Girona can build this turn.
Barcelona: can build spearman and/or archer.
Tarragona: can build archer.
Girona: can build spearman or archer.

Let's plan builds:
- Barcelona: build 1 spearman (cost 15 wood) and 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron). Total cost: 35 wood, 10 iron. It has 35 wood, 40 iron. So it can afford both. After build, it will have 0 wood, 30 iron. Troops at home will increase by 2.
- Tarragona: build 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron). It has 30 wood, 20 iron. After build: 10 wood, 10 iron. Troops: 1 archer already there, plus 1 new = 2 archers.
- Girona: build 1 spearman (cost 15 wood). It has 30 wood, 20 iron. After build: 15 wood, 20 iron. Troops: 1 spearman.

Now, movements.
I need to attack neutrals to expand.
Possible targets:
- Valencia (16): 2 knights, def 5. Closest from Castellon (18). But Castellon has no resources to build. It has 2 spearman, 1 archer. If I send them, attack is 2 spearman (attack 2 with counter? Wait, counter: spearman vs knight is 1.5x. So 2 spearman attack = 2 * 1.5 = 3. Archer attack 2. Total 5. Def 5. Tie, defender wins. So I need more troops.
Can I send from Tarragona? Tarragona has 1 archer. If I send it to Castellon, then from Castellon to Valencia? But movements are simultaneous. I can send Tarragona -> Castellon (1 turn), and Castellon -> Valencia (1 turn). But the troops from Tarragona won't arrive at Castellon until next turn, so they can't be sent to Valencia this turn. I can send Castellon's troops to Valencia now, and Tarragona's troops to Castellon as reinforcement.
If I send Castellon's 2 spearman, 1 archer to Valencia: attack 5 vs def 5, tie, defender wins. I lose.
What if I send from Barcelona? Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Castellon -> Valencia. 3 turns. Too slow.
What if I send from Zaragoza? Zaragoza -> Teruel -> Valencia? No direct road. Zaragoza -> Teruel -> Castellon -> Valencia. 3 turns.
So Valencia is hard to take this turn without reinforcements.

- Teruel (13): 3 spearmen, def 8. March from Castellon: 2 slow turns. Or from Zaragoza: 1 slow turn? Wait, report says march from Castellon: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. March from Zaragoza? Road: Zaragoza (17) -> Teruel (13). Yes, 1 slow turn. Let's check road network: [13] Teruel: [8], [16], [17], [18]. So Teruel connects to Zaragoza (17) and Castellon (18). March from Zaragoza is 1 slow turn.
Zaragoza has 1 spearman, 1 knight. Attack: spearman 1, knight 4 = 5. Defenders: 3 spearmen, def 8. Lose.
If I send from Huesca? Huesca -> Zaragoza -> Teruel. 2 slow turns. Huesca has 3 archer, 2 knight. Attack: 3 archer * 2 = 6, 2 knight * 4 = 8. Total 14. Most numerous archer. Archer counters spearman! So 1.5x bonus. Attack: archers 6 * 1.5 = 9. Knights 8 (no bonus). Total 17. Defenders: 3 spearmen defense 2 each = 6. Village bonus x1.25 = 7.5 -> 8. Attack 17 vs def 8. Win! But march takes 2 slow turns. During those turns, Teruel might get reinforcements? It's turn 3, neutral villages harden every 5 turns. So no hardening yet. But the enemy might do something. However, I don't see any enemy armies.
But wait, if I send from Huesca, it takes 2 slow turns. That means they arrive at Zaragoza next turn, then Teruel the turn after. So they won't attack until turn 5. By then, Teruel might have hardened? "every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop". Turn 5 is a multiple of 5? "every 5 turns" might mean turns 5, 10, 15... So on turn 5, it gains +1 troop. If my troops arrive on turn 5, do they fight before or after the hardening? Probably after. So Teruel would have 4 spearmen. Def would be 8 * 4/3 = 10.6 -> maybe 11. Still less than 17. So win.
But I need to consider that Huesca is my village, and I need to defend it. Currently no enemy sighted.

- Madrid (12): 3 spearmen, def 8. March from Zaragoza: 1 slow turn. Zaragoza has 1 spearman, 1 knight. Attack 5 vs def 8. Lose.
If I send from Huesca to Zaragoza to Madrid? 2 slow turns. Huesca troops: 3 archer, 2 knight. Attack vs Madrid: most numerous archer. Archer counters spearman. 1.5x bonus. Attack: archers 6 * 1.5 = 9, knights 8. Total 17. Defenders: 3 spearmen, def 8. Win. March takes 2 slow turns.

- Pamplona (19): 3 archers, def 8. March from Zaragoza: 2 slow turns. Huesca -> Zaragoza -> Pamplona. 2 slow turns. Huesca troops: 3 archer, 2 knight. Most numerous archer. Archer counters spearman, but defenders are archers. No bonus. Attack: archers 6, knights 8 = 14. Defenders: 3 archers defense 2 each = 6. Village bonus x1.25 = 7.5 -> 8. Attack 14 vs def 8. Win. But no counter bonus, so more losses.

So attacking from Huesca seems powerful because it has many troops. But Huesca is far from the neutrals. It takes 2 turns to reach Zaragoza, then another 1-2 turns to reach the neutrals.
Wait, Huesca is connected to Zaragoza (17) and Pamplona (19) and Girona (23). Road: [20] Huesca: [17], [19], [23]. So Huesca to Pamplona is directly connected! Let's check: [19] Pamplona: [14], [17], [20]. Yes! Pamplona connects to Huesca (20) and Zaragoza (17) and Burgos (14). So march from Huesca to Pamplona is 1 slow turn! The report says "march from [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". It doesn't mention Huesca. But the road network shows Huesca (20) connects to Pamplona (19). So march from Huesca should be 1 slow turn.
Let's verify: [20] Huesca: [17], [19], [23]. [19] Pamplona: [14], [17], [20]. Yes, direct road.
So Huesca to Pamplona is 1 slow turn.
Huesca to Madrid? Huesca -> Zaragoza -> Madrid. 2 slow turns.
Huesca to Teruel? Huesca -> Zaragoza -> Teruel. 2 slow turns.
Huesca to Valencia? Huesca -> Zaragoza -> Teruel -> Castellon -> Valencia? Too long.

So Pamplona is the best target from Huesca: 1 slow turn, 3 archers, def 8. Huesca has 3 archer, 2 knight. Attack: 14 vs def 8. Win.
But wait, Huesca has 0 wood, 0 iron. It cannot build this turn. It can only send existing troops.
If I send all from Huesca to Pamplona: 3 archer, 2 knight. Attack 14 vs def 8. Win. But what about losses? "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So I will lose some troops.
Let's calculate effective force:
Attackers: 3 archer (attack 2 each = 6), 2 knight (attack 4 each = 8). Total attack = 14.
Defenders: 3 archer (defense 2 each = 6). Village bonus x1.25 = 7.5 -> 8 effective defense.
Attack 14 vs defense 8. Attackers win.
Attrition: loser's effective force is 8. Winner takes losses equal to loser's effective force? "attrition against the loser's effective force". Usually it means the winner loses some troops proportional to the loser's force. The rules say: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." It doesn't specify exact formula. But likely the winner loses some troops. Since I have 5 troops, I might lose some.
But I need to expand. Taking Pamplona gives me a 7th village. I need 18 to win.

What about other targets?
Valencia from Castellon: I need more troops. Can I send from Tarragona to Castellon as reinforcement? Tarragona has 1 archer. If I send it to Castellon, it arrives next turn. Then next turn I can attack Valencia with Castellon's troops + Tarragona's archer. But that's next turn.
This turn, I can send Castellon's troops somewhere else? Or just build and wait.

Let's think about the enemy. The enemy capital is Lisboa (0). I don't know its garrison. The enemy might attack my villages. I have no enemy troops sighted. So I can be aggressive.

My plan:
1. Build troops in Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona.
2. Attack Pamplona from Huesca with all troops (3 archer, 2 knight).
3. Send troops from Tarragona to Castellon to reinforce (1 archer).
4. Send troops from Barcelona to Tarragona? Or build and keep?
Let's check resources and builds.

Barcelona: wood 35, iron 40.
Can build: spearman (15 wood), archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
If I build both: cost 35 wood, 10 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 30 iron.
Troops at home: currently 1 spearman, 1 archer. After build: 2 spearman, 2 archer.
I can send some of them. But I need to defend Barcelona? No enemy near.
I can send the 1 archer from Barcelona to Tarragona? Or keep for defense.
Actually, I need to reinforce my new villages. Castellon, Zaragoza, Huesca have no resources but have troops. I can send troops from older villages to them.

Let's list all troops I have:
Barcelona: 1 spearman, 1 archer (available to send: 1 spearman, 1 archer)
Tarragona: 1 archer (available: 1 archer)
Girona: 0
Castellon: 2 spearman, 1 archer (available: 2 spearman, 1 archer)
Zaragoza: 1 spearman, 1 knight (available: 1 spearman, 1 knight)
Huesca: 3 archer, 2 knight (available: 3 archer, 2 knight)

Total troops: 1+1+0+2+1+1+3+2 = 11? Wait, report says TOTAL: 13 soldiers at home (4 spearman, 6 archer, 3 knight). Let's sum: spearman: Barcelona 1, Castellon 2, Zaragoza 1 = 4. Archer: Barcelona 1, Tarragona 1, Castellon 1, Huesca 3 = 6. Knight: Zaragoza 1, Huesca 2 = 3. Total 13. Yes.

Available to send:
Barcelona: 1 spearman, 1 archer
Tarragona: 1 archer
Castellon: 2 spearman, 1 archer
Zaragoza: 1 spearman, 1 knight
Huesca: 3 archer, 2 knight

I can send troops from any of these to any other village.

Let's consider attacking Pamplona from Huesca. Huesca to Pamplona is 1 slow turn. If I send all 5 troops from Huesca, they will arrive next turn and fight. But wait, "march from [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Pamplona. That implies from Zaragoza it's 2 slow turns. But from Huesca it should be 1 slow turn because they are directly connected. The report doesn't give march distance from Huesca to Pamplona. But the road network says they are connected. So I can send from Huesca to Pamplona. The travel time: Huesca is [20], Pamplona is [19]. They are adjacent. So 1 slow turn.
But wait, the report says "march from [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That's from Zaragoza. From Huesca, it should be less. Since the report doesn't list it, I can assume it's 1 slow turn because they are directly connected.
However, the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" section only lists march distances from my nearest village. Pamplona's nearest is Zaragoza (2 slow turns). But Huesca is also mine and is connected. So I can send from Huesca. The distance is not given, but I can infer it's 1 slow turn.
Let's check the road: [19] Pamplona: [14], [17], [20]. [20] Huesca: [17], [19], [23]. Yes, direct connection. So 1 slow turn.

If I send from Huesca to Pamplona, I send 3 archer, 2 knight. They march 1 slow turn. Next turn they arrive and attack Pamplona.
Pamplona garrison: 3 archers, def 8.
Attack: 3 archer (6) + 2 knight (8) = 14. Most numerous: archer (3). Defender: archer (3). No counter bonus. Attack 14 vs def 8. Win.
Losses: I don't know exact formula, but I should expect to lose some troops. Maybe 2-3 troops.
After winning, I capture Pamplona. It will have 0 troops (all lost), and I can send reinforcements next turn.

But is it worth it? I lose troops, and Pamplona produces resources. But I need to hold 18 villages. Currently 6. Pamplona makes 7. I need 11 more.

What about other neutrals?
Teruel (13): 3 spearmen, def 8. From Zaragoza: 1 slow turn. Zaragoza has 1 spearman, 1 knight. Attack 5 vs def 8. Lose.
From Castellon: 2 slow turns. Castellon has 2 spearman, 1 archer. Attack: 2 spearman (2) + 1 archer (2) = 4. Most numerous spearman. Defender spearmen. No counter. Attack 4 vs def 8. Lose.
So Teruel is too strong for now.

Madrid (12): 3 spearmen, def 8. From Zaragoza: 1 slow turn. Zaragoza has 1 spearman, 1 knight. Attack 5 vs def 8. Lose.
From Huesca: 2 slow turns (via Zaragoza). Huesca troops: 3 archer, 2 knight. Attack 14 vs def 8. Win. But takes 2 turns.

Valencia (16): 2 knights, def 5. From Castellon: 1 slow turn. Castellon has 2 spearman, 1 archer. Attack: 2 spearman (2 with counter? Wait, spearman vs knight: counter bonus 1.5x. So 2 spearman attack = 2 * 1.5 = 3. Archer attack 2. Total 5. Def 5. Tie, defender wins. Lose.
If I send only spearman: 2 spearman attack 3 vs def 5. Lose.
If I send only archer: 1 archer attack 2 vs def 5. Lose.
If I send from Tarragona to Castellon first, then next turn attack? But this turn I can only send Castellon's troops. So Valencia is not winnable this turn.

So the only winnable attack this turn is Pamplona from Huesca.
But wait, I can also send troops from Zaragoza to Madrid? No, too weak.
What about sending from Barcelona to somewhere? Barcelona to Tarragona is 1 slow turn. Tarragona to Castellon is 1 slow turn. So Barcelona to Castellon is 2 slow turns. Too slow.

Maybe I should build troops and wait.
But I need to expand quickly. Pamplona is the best bet.

Let's consider the enemy. The enemy might attack my villages. I have no sight of enemy troops. So I can assume they are far. But I should leave some troops for defense.
My villages and their defenses:
Barcelona: def 6 (effective). Troops: 1 spearman, 1 archer. Can build more.
Tarragona: def 3. Troops: 1 archer.
Girona: def 0. Troops: 0. Very weak!
Castellon: def 8. Troops: 2 spearman, 1 archer.
Zaragoza: def 5. Troops: 1 spearman, 1 knight.
Huesca: def 13. Troops: 3 archer, 2 knight.

Girona has 0 defense! If the enemy attacks it, I lose. But I have no enemy sighted. The enemy might be far. But I should consider building troops in Girona to defend it. Girona has 30 wood, 20 iron. I can build a spearman (15 wood) or archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Building a spearman gives 1 troop for defense. Building an archer gives 1 troop with attack 2. But defense in village: spearman defense 2, archer defense 2. So either is fine. I'll build a spearman because it's cheaper on iron.

Tarragona has def 3, which is low. I can build an archer there to increase troops.

Barcelona is the capital, def 6. I can build troops there.

Let's decide on builds:
- Barcelona: build 1 spearman and 1 archer. Cost: 35 wood, 10 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 30 iron. Troops: 2 spearman, 2 archer.
- Tarragona: build 1 archer. Cost: 20 wood, 10 iron. Remaining: 10 wood, 10 iron. Troops: 2 archer.
- Girona: build 1 spearman. Cost: 15 wood. Remaining: 15 wood, 20 iron. Troops: 1 spearman.

Now movements:
I want to attack Pamplona from Huesca. Send all from Huesca: 3 archer, 2 knight.
But wait, if I send all from Huesca, Huesca will be empty. Its defense is 13, but with no troops, if the enemy attacks, it might fall? The defense value includes location bonus. "effective defense (location bonus included): 13". That means even with 0 troops, the village has a defense of 13? No, effective defense is calculated from troops. The report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 13 | troops at home: 5". So the 13 comes from the 5 troops. If I send all 5 troops away, the defense will drop to 0. So Huesca would be undefended!
That's a risk. But I have no enemy sighted. The enemy might be far. However, the enemy could have troops marching that I can't see. If I leave Huesca empty, it might be captured.
Maybe I should leave some troops in Huesca. How many? I have 5 troops. If I send 3 archer, 2 knight, all go. I could send only 3 archer and 1 knight, leaving 1 knight? But then attack power is lower.
Let's calculate attack if I send 3 archer, 1 knight: attack 3*2 + 4 = 10. Defenders: 3 archer, def 8. Attack 10 vs def 8. Win, but with fewer troops, more losses? Actually, attrition is based on loser's effective force. Loser's force is 8. Winner takes losses equal to 8? That might mean I lose 8 points of troops? But I only have 4 troops. That doesn't make sense. The attrition rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." It probably means the winner loses a number of troops equal to the loser's effective force divided by something, or just a proportional loss. Without exact formula, it's hard to say. But typically in these games, losses are significant.
If I send all 5, I have a better chance of winning with fewer losses? Actually, more attackers means more damage to defenders, but also more losses for attackers? The rule says "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER. The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So the winner always takes losses, equal to the loser's effective force? That would mean if loser has 8 effective force, winner loses 8 troops? But I only have 5. That can't be. Maybe it's a ratio. Or maybe "attrition" means the winner loses troops equal to the loser's force minus something? I think it's a fixed proportion. Let's look at last turn: "You attacked [18] Castellon: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 0 troops)". So I lost 0 troops. That means attrition can be 0 if the difference is large? Or maybe the defender's effective force was low.
Last turn I attacked Castellon and lost 0 troops. I attacked Zaragoza and lost 1 troop. I attacked Huesca and lost 0 troops.
So losses depend on the battle.

Given the uncertainty, I'll send all troops from Huesca to Pamplona to ensure victory and capture the village. If I leave some, I risk losing the attack or taking more losses. Since no enemy is sighted, I'll risk Huesca being empty for one turn. I can reinforce it next turn from other villages.

What about Zaragoza? It has 1 spearman, 1 knight. I can send them to Madrid? But Madrid is too strong. Or send them to Teruel? Too strong. Or send them to Huesca to reinforce? But Huesca is far from enemy. Or keep them in Zaragoza for defense. Zaragoza is on the border of my territory, near neutrals. I'll keep them there.

Castellon: 2 spearman, 1 archer. I can send them to Valencia? But Valencia is too strong (tie would lose). Or send them to Teruel? Too strong. Or keep them for defense. Castellon has def 8, which is good.

Tarragona: 1 archer. I can send it to Castellon to reinforce, so next turn Castellon has more troops for Valencia. Or send it to Barcelona? Or keep it.

Barcelona: after building, has 2 spearman, 2 archer. I can send some to Tarragona or Girona to reinforce. Girona is weak (def 0). I should send at least 1 troop to Girona. Barcelona to Girona is 1 slow turn? Road: Barcelona (22) -> Girona (23). Yes, direct. So 1 slow turn. I can send 1 spearman or archer to Girona to give it defense.

Let's plan movements:
1. Huesca -> Pamplona: send 3 archer, 2 knight. (Attack Pamplona)
2. Barcelona -> Girona: send 1 spearman (to defend Girona). Or send 1 archer? Spearman is fine.
3. Tarragona -> Castellon: send 1 archer (to reinforce Castellon for future attack on Valencia).
4. Castellon, Zaragoza: keep troops for defense.

Wait, if I send Barcelona's spearman to Girona, Barcelona will have 1 spearman, 2 archer left. That's fine.
But I also need to consider that I might want to attack from Barcelona. Barcelona is my capital, I should keep some troops.

Let's check the road from Barcelona to Girona: [22] Barcelona: [21], [23]. [23] Girona: [20], [22]. Yes, direct. 1 slow turn.

What about sending from Barcelona to Tarragona? Tarragona is also connected. But Tarragona has troops already.

Let's think about the overall strategy. I need 18 villages. I have 6. I need to conquer 12 more. The neutrals I can see are 4. The unexplored ones are 14, including enemy villages. I need to explore and conquer.
This turn, I can attack Pamplona. That gives me 7.
Next turn, I can attack Valencia from Castellon (if I reinforce it). Or attack Teruel from Zaragoza (if I reinforce). Or attack Madrid from Zaragoza (if I reinforce).
But I also need to build troops in newly conquered villages. They start with 0 resources, so they can't build for a few turns. But they produce resources each turn. "Each village you hold produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn." So after conquering, next turn they will have 30 wood, 20 iron, and can build.

Let's simulate next turn if I attack Pamplona:
- I capture Pamplona. It will have 0 troops, 0 resources (but produces 30 wood, 20 iron next turn? Actually, resources are produced each turn. The report shows wood 0 (+30/turn) for newly conquered villages. So they have 0 now, but next turn they will have 30 wood, 20 iron before I order builds? The turn structure: at the start of a turn, resources are produced. Then I order builds and movements. So if I conquer Pamplona this turn (it becomes mine at the end of the turn?), wait, the attack happens when the troops arrive. If I send them now, they march for 1 turn, and arrive next turn. So next turn, they fight, and if they win, the village becomes mine. Then next turn (turn 5), I get resources from it. So on turn 5, Pamplona will have 30 wood, 20 iron to spend.
But I need to hold 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns to win. So I need to expand rapidly.

Let's decide on the exact orders.

Builds:
- Barcelona: build 1 spearman, 1 archer.
- Tarragona: build 1 archer.
- Girona: build 1 spearman.

Movements:
- Huesca -> Pamplona: 3 archer, 2 knight.
- Barcelona -> Girona: 1 spearman (or 1 archer? Let's send 1 spearman to Girona for defense. Girona has no troops, so 1 spearman gives def 2 in village = 2.5 effective? Actually, defense in village is x1.25. So spearman defense 2 * 1.25 = 2.5. That's better than 0.)
- Tarragona -> Castellon: 1 archer. (Reinforce Castellon)
- Zaragoza: keep 1 spearman, 1 knight for defense.
- Castellon: keep 2 spearman, 1 archer for defense? But I might want to send them to Valencia next turn. If I send them now, they would march and arrive next turn? Wait, if I send Castellon to Valencia now, they march 1 slow turn, arrive next turn and fight. But I calculated that they would lose. So I should not send them this turn. I should wait for reinforcements from Tarragona. Tarragona's archer will arrive at Castellon next turn. Then next turn I can send Castellon's troops + Tarragona's archer to Valencia. That would be: 2 spearman, 2 archer. Attack: 2 spearman (2) + 2 archer (4) = 6. Most numerous: spearman (2) vs archer (2) tie, breaks to spearman. Spearman vs knight: counter bonus 1.5x. So spearman attack = 2 * 1.5 = 3. Archer attack 4. Total 7. Defenders: 2 knights, def 5. Attack 7 vs def 5. Win! So that works. But I need to send Tarragona's archer to Castellon this turn, so it arrives next turn. Then next turn I send from Castellon to Valencia.
But wait, Tarragona's archer is currently in Tarragona. If I send it to Castellon, it takes 1 slow turn. So it arrives at Castellon next turn. Then next turn, I can send from Castellon to Valencia. That means Valencia is attacked on turn 5. That's fine.

What about Zaragoza? I can send its troops to Madrid? But Madrid is too strong. I need to build more troops. Zaragoza has 0 resources, so it can't build this turn. Next turn it will have 30 wood, 20 iron. It can build a spearman or archer. Then I can attack Madrid or Teruel.

Let's also consider sending from Barcelona to Tarragona? Tarragona has 1 archer, and I'm building 1 more there. If I send Barcelona's troops to Tarragona, they can then go to Castellon? But that would take too long.

I think the plan is good.

But wait, I need to check if I can afford the builds.
Barcelona: wood 35, iron 40.
Build spearman: -15 wood. Wood = 20.
Build archer: -20 wood, -10 iron. Wood = 0, iron = 30.
So Barcelona can afford both. Remaining: 0 wood, 30 iron.

Tarragona: wood 30, iron 20.
Build archer: -20 wood, -10 iron. Wood = 10, iron = 10.
Can afford.

Girona: wood 30, iron 20.
Build spearman: -15 wood. Wood = 15, iron = 20.
Can afford.

Castellon, Zaragoza, Huesca: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.

Now, movements:
Huesca -> Pamplona: send 3 archer, 2 knight. Is this allowed? "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight". Yes.
Barcelona -> Girona: send 1 spearman. Barcelona has 1 spearman available. After building, it will have 2 spearman, 2 archer. So it can send 1 spearman.
Tarragona -> Castellon: send 1 archer. Tarragona has 1 archer available. After building, it will have 2 archer. So it can send 1 archer.

What about the order of movements? They are simultaneous. So I can send from Barcelona to Girona, and from Tarragona to Castellon, and from Huesca to Pamplona.

But wait, if I send Barcelona's spearman to Girona, Barcelona will have 1 spearman, 2 archer left. That's fine for defense.

Let's double-check the road for Barcelona to Girona: [22] Barcelona connects to [23] Girona. Yes, 1 slow turn.

What about Girona's defense? After I send the spearman there, it will have 1 spearman. But the spearman won't arrive until next turn. So this turn, Girona has 0 troops. If the enemy attacks Girona this turn, it falls. But I have no enemy sighted. The enemy might be far. I'll take the risk.

Is there any other movement I should consider?
Maybe I should send Zaragoza's troops to Huesca to reinforce? But Huesca is sending all troops away, so it will be empty. If I send Zaragoza's troops to Huesca, they would take 1 slow turn (Zaragoza -> Huesca). They would arrive next turn, so Huesca would have troops next turn. That might be good. Zaragoza has 1 spearman, 1 knight. If I send them to Huesca, Zaragoza becomes empty. Zaragoza is on the border, near Madrid and Teruel. If the enemy attacks Zaragoza, it falls. But again, no enemy sighted.
I could send Zaragoza's troops to Huesca, and then next turn send from Huesca to somewhere else? But Huesca is far from the neutrals except Pamplona. Pamplona is already being attacked.
Maybe I should keep Zaragoza's troops for defense. I'll leave them.

What about Castellon? I'm keeping 2 spearman, 1 archer for defense. But I want to attack Valencia next turn. If I leave them in Castellon, they are safe. Next turn I can send them to Valencia with the reinforcements from Tarragona.

Let's consider the enemy capital Lisboa. I don't know its garrison. I should not attack it yet.

Now, let's write the plan and statement.

Plan: I need to write a note to myself for next turn.
"Attacking Pamplona from Huesca with all troops. Reinforcing Castellon from Tarragona for future attack on Valencia. Building troops in Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona. Defending Girona with spearman from Barcelona. Next turn, consolidate Pamplona, prepare attack on Valencia, build in newly conquered villages."

Statement: For the audience.
"King B launches an attack on Pamplona with his full force from Huesca. Meanwhile, reinforcements are sent to Castellon and Girona to secure the borders and prepare for the next push into Valencia."

Let's make sure the JSON is correct.

Builds:
[
  {"villageId": 22, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 22, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 21, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 23, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 1}
]

Movements:
[
  {"fromId": 20, "toId": 19, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 3, "knight": 2}},
  {"fromId": 22, "toId": 23, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
  {"fromId": 21, "toId": 18, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}}
]

Wait, I need to check if I can send 1 spearman from Barcelona. Barcelona has 1 spearman available to send now. After building, it will have 2. So I can send 1. The build and movement are simultaneous? The rules: "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." So the snapshot shows Barcelona with 1 spearman, 1 archer available. If I order a build, does the build happen before or after movement? "Each troop type... ready in 1 turn." So if I order a build, it will be ready next turn. This turn, the troops available to send are those currently there. So I can only send what is available now. The build adds troops for next turn. So I cannot send the newly built troops this turn. That means from Barcelona, I can only send the 1 spearman and 1 archer that are already there. I cannot send the newly built ones. So my movement from Barcelona should only use existing troops. I planned to send 1 spearman from Barcelona to Girona. That's fine because Barcelona has 1 spearman available. But wait, the report says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 1 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight". So I can send 1 spearman. After building, next turn it will have 2 spearman, 2 archer (if I don't send the existing ones). But if I send the existing spearman, then next turn after building, it will have 1 spearman (the new one) + 1 archer (existing) + 1 archer (new) = 1 spearman, 2 archer. That's fine.

But wait, if I send the existing spearman, and build a new spearman, the new one isn't available to send this turn. So my movement of 1 spearman from Barcelona is valid because I'm using the existing one.

Similarly, Tarragona has 1 archer available. I can send it. I also build an archer there, which will be ready next turn.

So movements are valid.

Let's double-check the troop counts after orders:
Barcelona: start with 1 spearman, 1 archer. Build 1 spearman, 1 archer. Send 1 spearman. End of turn: 1 spearman (new), 2 archer (1 old, 1 new). Total 3 troops.
Tarragona: start with 1 archer. Build 1 archer. Send 1 archer. End of turn: 1 archer (new). Total 1 troop.
Girona: start with 0. Build 1 spearman. Receive 1 spearman from Barcelona. End of turn: 2 spearman? Wait, the spearman from Barcelona arrives next turn. So this turn, Girona ends with 0 troops? No, the build is ready in 1 turn, so it will be ready next turn. The movement from Barcelona takes 1 turn, so it arrives next turn. So at the end of this turn, Girona has 0 troops. But next turn it will have 1 spearman (build) + 1 spearman (from Barcelona) = 2 spearman.
Castellon: start with 2 spearman, 1 archer. Receive 1 archer from Tarragona (arrives next turn). End of turn: 2 spearman, 1 archer.
Zaragoza: start with 1 spearman, 1 knight. No changes. End of turn: 1 spearman, 1 knight.
Huesca: start with 3 archer, 2 knight. Send all. End of turn: 0 troops.
Pamplona: start neutral. Receive attack from Huesca (arrives next turn). If win, becomes mine.

This seems okay.

But I'm concerned about Huesca being empty. Is there a way to leave some troops? I could send only 3 archer and 1 knight from Huesca, leaving 1 knight. Then Huesca has 1 knight for defense. Attack on Pamplona: 3 archer, 1 knight. Attack = 3*2 + 4 = 10. Defenders: 3 archer, def 8. Attack 10 vs def 8. Win. But losses might be higher? Actually, with fewer attackers, I might lose more? Or less? The attrition is against the loser's effective force. Loser's force is 8. So I might lose 8 points of troops? But I only have 4 troops. That doesn't make sense. Maybe attrition is a percentage. Without knowing, I'll assume sending all is better because it guarantees victory and might reduce losses if the defender's force is wiped out. If I send all, the defender's force is destroyed, and I take some losses. If I send fewer, the defender might survive and I take losses. Actually, the rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." It might mean the winner loses troops equal to the loser's effective force divided by the winner's effective force? No, it says "attrition against the loser's effective force". Probably means the winner loses a number of troops equal to the loser's effective force? That would be 8 troops, but I only have 5. So that can't be. Maybe it's a ratio: winner loses (loser's force / winner's force) * winner's troops? Or something.
Looking at last turn: "You attacked [18] Castellon: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 0 troops)". So I lost 0. That means if the attack is overwhelming, losses can be 0. "You attacked [17] Zaragoza: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 1 troop)". So I lost 1. "You attacked [20] Huesca: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 0 troops)". So losses vary.
I think the losses are calculated based on the difference in force. If I have a large advantage, I lose fewer troops. Sending all 5 gives me attack 14 vs def 8, difference 6. Sending 4 gives attack 10 vs def 8, difference 2. So sending all might result in fewer losses proportionally. I'll send all.

But I need to consider that Huesca is my village. If it's empty, the enemy could capture it easily. But I have no enemy sighted. The enemy might be far. I'll take the risk.

What about Zaragoza? It has 1 spearman, 1 knight. I could send them to Huesca to reinforce after the attack? But they would take 1 turn to arrive, so Huesca would have troops next turn. But if I send them, Zaragoza is empty. Zaragoza is closer to the enemy? The unexplored areas are to the west. Zaragoza is on the road to Madrid, which is neutral. The enemy is likely to the west. So Zaragoza is more exposed than Huesca. I should keep troops in Zaragoza.

Maybe I can send 1 knight from Huesca to Zaragoza? But Huesca is sending all to Pamplona. I can't split the march? I can send different troops to different places. I could send 3 archer to Pamplona, and 2 knight to Zaragoza? But then Pamplona attack is weaker. 3 archer attack = 6. Defenders: 3 archer, def 8. Attack 6 vs def 8. Lose. So I need the knights for the attack.

What if I send 3 archer, 2 knight to Pamplona, but also send some troops from Zaragoza to Huesca? That would reinforce Huesca. But Zaragoza's troops would take 1 turn to reach Huesca. So Huesca would have troops next turn. That's good. But Zaragoza would be empty. Is that okay? I have no enemy sighted. I could send Zaragoza's 1 spearman and 1 knight to Huesca. Then Zaragoza is empty, Huesca has 1 spearman, 1 knight next turn. But then I lose the ability to defend Zaragoza. And I lose the ability to attack from Zaragoza next turn. I think it's better to keep Zaragoza's troops for defense and future attacks. The enemy is not here yet.

Let's check the map. My territory is in the northeast. The enemy capital is Lisboa (0) in the west. The neutrals between us are Madrid, Teruel, etc. The enemy might come through Madrid or Teruel. So Zaragoza and Castellon are on the front line. I should keep troops there.

Huesca is in the rear, connected to Girona and Barcelona. It's safer. So emptying Huesca for one turn is acceptable.

Let's finalize the orders.

Builds:
- Barcelona (22): build 1 spearman, 1 archer.
- Tarragona (21): build 1 archer.
- Girona (23): build 1 spearman.

Movements:
- Huesca (20) to Pamplona (19): 3 archer, 2 knight.
- Barcelona (22) to Girona (23): 1 spearman.
- Tarragona (21) to Castellon (18): 1 archer.

Wait, I also need to consider if I should send anything to Zaragoza? No.

What about the note from last turn? "I am launching a triple attack this turn to expand my territory. Tarragona will attack Castellon and Zaragoza, while Girona attacks Huesca. Barcelona will build a spearman and an archer, and send its existing archer to reinforce Tarragona. I must remember to consolidate my newly conquered villages and start building up their economies."
That was the plan for last turn. It seems I executed it and conquered Castellon, Zaragoza, Huesca. Now I have them. The note says "start building up their economies." But they have 0 resources this turn. I can't build in them yet. Next turn they will have resources.

So my plan for this turn is to continue expanding.

Let's write the plan note:
"Attacking Pamplona with all troops from Huesca. Reinforcing Castellon from Tarragona for future attack on Valencia. Building troops in Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona. Defending Girona with spearman from Barcelona. Next turn, consolidate Pamplona, prepare attack on Valencia, build in newly conquered villages. Do not leave Huesca empty for too long; consider reinforcing from Zaragoza next turn if possible."

Statement:
"King B orders a full assault on Pamplona, sending every available soldier from Huesca. Reinforcements march to Castellon and Girona to secure the borders. The army grows as new troops are trained in the capital and Tarragona."

Now, let's format the JSON.

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 1}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 20, "toId": 19, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 3, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 22, "toId": 23, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 21, "toId": 18, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}}
  ],
  "plan": "Attacking Pamplona with all troops from Huesca. Reinforcing Castellon from Tarragona for future attack on Valencia. Building troops in Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona. Defending Girona with spearman from Barcelona. Next turn, consolidate Pamplona, prepare attack on Valencia, build in newly conquered villages. Do not leave Huesca empty for too long; consider reinforcing from Zaragoza next turn if possible.",
  "statement": "King B orders a full assault on Pamplona, sending every available soldier from Huesca. Reinforcements march to Castellon and Girona to secure the borders. The army grows as new troops are trained in the capital and Tarragona."
}

Wait, I need to check if Girona can build a spearman. Girona has wood 30, iron 20. Spearman costs 15 wood. Yes.
But the report says for Girona: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight". That means it has no troops to send. But it can build. The build order is separate. So I can order a build there.

Also, I need to make sure the village IDs are correct.
My villages: 22 Barcelona, 21 Tarragona, 23 Girona, 18 Castellon, 17 Zaragoza, 20 Huesca.
Neutrals: 16 Valencia, 13 Teruel, 12 Madrid, 19 Pamplona.

Yes.

Let's double-check the movement from Huesca to Pamplona. Huesca is 20, Pamplona is 19. Road: [20] Huesca: [17], [19], [23]. [19] Pamplona: [14], [17], [20]. So direct connection. The report says "march from [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Pamplona. That's from Zaragoza. From Huesca, it should be 1 slow turn. I'm sending 3 archer (medium) and 2 knight (fast). The slowest is medium? Wait, archer is medium, knight is fast. So the army marches at medium speed? "A MIXED army marches at the speed of its SLOWEST troop." So if I send archer (medium) and knight (fast), the slowest is medium. So it takes 1 medium turn? The report says for Pamplona from Zaragoza: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means if I send slow troops, it takes 2 turns; medium takes 1 turn; fast takes 1 turn. So from Huesca, which is closer, it might be 1 slow turn? Or 1 medium turn? The distance in roads: Huesca to Pamplona is 1 road segment. So travel time should be 1 turn for any speed? Actually, the report gives travel time per speed. For a given distance, slow troops take more turns. If the distance is 1 road segment, it might be 1 slow turn, 1 medium turn, 1 fast turn? But the report says for Zaragoza to Pamplona: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means the distance is such that slow troops take 2 turns, medium takes 1, fast takes 1. So the distance is probably 2 "slow units". From Huesca, the distance is probably 1 "slow unit", so it would be 1 slow turn, and maybe 1 medium and 1 fast as well? Or maybe 1 slow, 1 medium, 1 fast? Actually, if the distance is 1, all speeds take 1 turn. But if the distance is 2, slow takes 2, medium takes 1, fast takes 1. So from Huesca, since it's directly connected, the distance is likely 1, so all troops take 1 turn. But I'm sending mixed troops, so they all travel together at the speed of the slowest. If I send archers (medium) and knights (fast), the slowest is medium. So they take 1 medium turn? But if the distance is 1, it's 1 turn regardless. The report doesn't specify the distance from Huesca. I'll assume it's 1 turn for all, so the army arrives next turn.

Wait, the rules say: "The report shows travel time per speed (e.g. 'march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns')." So for a given route, it tells you how many turns for each speed. For Pamplona from Zaragoza, it says "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means if I send slow troops, it takes 2 turns; medium takes 1; fast takes 1. So the route has a length of 2 "slow units". From Huesca to Pamplona, the route is shorter. Since it's not listed, I have to infer. But I can just send the order; the game will calculate the travel time. I don't need to specify the travel time in the order, just the destination.

So the movement is valid.

One more thing: I am sending 1 spearman from Barcelona to Girona. Barcelona has 1 spearman available. But after I build 1 spearman and 1 archer, the total troops at Barcelona will be 1 old spearman, 1 old archer, 1 new spearman, 1 new archer = 4 troops. I send 1 old spearman. So next turn it will have 1 new spearman, 2 archer. That's fine.

But wait, the build order: I build 1 spearman and 1 archer in Barcelona. The cost is 15 wood + 20 wood = 35 wood, and 10 iron. Barcelona has 35 wood, 40 iron. So it can afford it. After building, wood = 0, iron = 30. Then it sends 1 spearman. The spearman is already there, so no resource cost for movement. So that's fine.

Tarragona: build 1 archer. Cost 20 wood, 10 iron. Has 30 wood, 20 iron. After build: 10 wood, 10 iron. Sends 1 archer (existing). So next turn it has 1 new archer.

Girona: build 1 spearman. Cost 15 wood. Has 30 wood, 20 iron. After build: 15 wood, 20 iron. Receives 1 spearman from Barcelona next turn.

Castellon: receives 1 archer from Tarragona next turn. No build.

Zaragoza: no changes.

Huesca: sends all troops. No build.

Pamplona: attacked.

I think this is a solid turn.

Let's write the final JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":20,"destinoId":19,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":22,"destinoId":23,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":21,"destinoId":18,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":0}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [22]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO envio [20]->[19]: 3A+2K (alvo neutra arqueiro)
ACEITO envio [22]->[23]: 1S
ACEITO envio [21]->[18]: 1A
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Attacking Pamplona with all troops from Huesca to expand territory. Reinforcing Castellon from Tarragona for the upcoming attack on Valencia. Building troops in Barcelona, Tarragona, and Girona to grow the army and defend Girona. Next turn: consolidate Pamplona, launch attack on Valencia, and begin building in newly conquered villages. Consider reinforcing Huesca from Zaragoza next turn to avoid leaving it empty.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): King B orders a full assault on Pamplona, sending every available soldier from Huesca. Reinforcements march to Castellon and Girona to secure the borders. The army grows as new troops are trained in the capital and Tarragona.
COMBATE [18] Castellon: atacante B Fatk=4 (ef 6) Fdef=2 (ef 3) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~1
COMBATE [17] Zaragoza: atacante B Fatk=6 (ef 6) Fdef=4 (ef 5) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~3
COMBATE [20] Huesca: atacante B Fatk=14 (ef 21) Fdef=4 (ef 5) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~2
REFORCO [21] Tarragona dono B: 1A
placar: A 3 ald/tropas 13 | B 6 ald/tropas 6 | neutras 15 | transito 3 (A 0 | B 3)

########## TURNO 4 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 2671 | resposta 5837 | raciocinio 4229 | finish stop | ms 63165
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 1, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 1, \"archer\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 2, \"toId\": 5, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 1, \"archer\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 0, \"toId\": 1, \"troops\": {\"knight\": 2, \"archer\": 1}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Our immediate goal is to secure our borders by capturing the nearby neutral villages of Badajoz and Faro, which will provide us with vital resources and a stepping stone for further expansion. We will reinforce Santarem from Lisboa to prepare for the next wave of attacks on Coimbra and deeper into the peninsula. In the long term, we will push north and east to connect our territories and eventually confront the enemy capital in Barcelona, aiming to hold 18 villages to secure victory.\",\n  \"statement\": \"We have launched a coordinated assault on the neutral territories, sending our elite archers and spearmen to capture Badajoz and Faro. Simultaneously, our knights from the capital are marching to reinforce Santarem, ensuring our lines remain strong and ready for the next push. The expansion begins now!\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A in a strategy game.
I need to provide a JSON object with the fields: `build`, `movements`, `plan`, `statement`.

Let's look at the current state:
- My capital is Lisboa [0], with 7 troops at home (3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight) - wait, the text says:
  "TOTAL: 13 soldiers at home (5 spearman, 5 archer, 3 knight) + 0 marching"
  [0] Lisboa: troops at home: 7 / 300. AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight (attack power if all sent: 17)
  [1] Santarem: troops at home: 3 / 300. AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 1 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight (attack power if all sent: 5)
  [2] Evora: troops at home: 3 / 300. AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 1 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight (attack power if all sent: 5)
  Total available to send: 3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight from Lisboa; 1 spearman, 2 archer from Santarem; 1 spearman, 2 archer from Evora.
  Total troops at home: 7 + 3 + 3 = 13.

Let's look at the neutral villages nearby:
- Coimbra [3]: neutral, garrison 1 knight, effective defense 3. March from Santarem [1]: 1 fast turn (since knight is fast, wait, 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns means 1 turn for fast, 1 for medium, 1 for slow? Let's check: "march from [1] Santarem: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". It means 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast).
- Badajoz [4]: neutral, garrison 2 spearmen, effective defense 5. March from Santarem [1]: 1 turn.
- Faro [5]: neutral, garrison 2 spearmen, effective defense 5. March from Evora [2]: 1 turn.

Let's look at the road network:
[0] Lisboa: [1], [2]
[1] Santarem: [0], [3], [4]
[2] Evora: [0], [5]
[3] Coimbra: [1], [6], [7]
[4] Badajoz: [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]
[5] Faro: [2], [4], [9]

If I want to expand, I should capture neutral villages to get more resources and troops, and eventually reach the enemy.
The enemy capital is Barcelona [22].
I currently hold 3 of 24 villages. I need 18 to win (75%).
To get more villages, I need to conquer neutral ones first.
Let's see what is nearby:
Coimbra [3] is 1 turn from Santarem [1]. It has 1 knight, defense 3.
Badajoz [4] is 1 turn from Santarem [1]. It has 2 spearmen, defense 5.
Faro [5] is 1 turn from Evora [2]. It has 2 spearmen, defense 5.

Let's plan the attack on Coimbra, Badajoz, or Faro.
To attack Coimbra (garrison 1 knight, defense 3):
If I send knights from Lisboa to Coimbra? Wait, Coimbra is connected to Santarem [1], not directly to Lisboa [0] except via Santarem.
March from Santarem to Coimbra is 1 turn.
If I send troops from Santarem: I have 1 spearman, 2 archer.
If I send troops from Lisboa to Santarem first? No, I can send them directly from Lisboa to Coimbra? No, Lisboa is connected to Santarem, and Santarem to Coimbra. So from Lisboa to Coimbra takes 2 turns (Lisboa -> Santarem -> Coimbra).
Wait, can I send troops from Lisboa to Coimbra? Yes, they will march via Santarem. But they take 2 turns.
If I send them from Santarem, they take 1 turn.
Let's check the troops in Santarem: 1 spearman, 2 archer.
If I attack Coimbra with 1 spearman, 2 archer:
Enemy has 1 knight (attack 4, defense 2). Since it's a village, defense is x1.25. Effective defense is 3 (so 2 * 1.25 = 2.5, rounded to 3).
My troops:
spearman: attack 1
archer: attack 2 each, total 4.
Total attack: 5.
Counter triangle: archer vs spearman? The enemy has knight, I have spearman and archer. Most numerous: archer (2) vs knight (1). Archer does not counter knight (knight counters archer). So no counter bonus.
My attack is 5. Enemy effective defense is 3. I win, but I take losses.
What if I send knights from Lisboa? Lisboa has 3 knights. If I send them to Coimbra, they take 2 turns (Lisboa -> Santarem -> Coimbra). But they will stop at Santarem if Santarem is mine, they won't fight, they just pass through. Wait, "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". Since Santarem is mine, they pass through and arrive at Coimbra on turn 2.
But I want to capture villages quickly.
Let's attack Faro [5] from Evora [2]. Faro has 2 spearmen, defense 5.
Evora has 1 spearman, 2 archer.
If I send 1 spearman, 2 archer from Evora to Faro:
Enemy: 2 spearmen (attack 1, defense 2). Defense in village: 2 * 1.25 = 2.5 -> 3? But the text says effective defense is 5. Why 5? "garrison: 2 spearmen | effective defense (location bonus included): 5".
Ah, maybe the garrison has some upgrades or the village has some defense structure, or 2 spearmen have defense 2 each, 2 * 2 = 4, with village bonus 1.25 = 5.
My attack: 1 spearman (1) + 2 archer (4) = 5.
Enemy defense: 5.
Tie favors defender, so I might lose or it's a tie. I need more troops.
Let's look at Badajoz [4]: 2 spearmen, defense 5.
What if I send troops from Lisboa to Santarem, and then from Santarem to Badajoz?
Actually, I can just send troops from Santarem to Badajoz, and from Lisboa to Santarem to reinforce Santarem.
Let's look at the resources:
Lisboa: wood 100, iron 70. Cap is 300, currently 7 troops.
Santarem: wood 60, iron 40.
Evora: wood 60, iron 40.
I can build troops!
Let's build some troops in Lisboa.
Knight costs 30 wood + 30 iron. Lisboa has 100 wood, 70 iron. I can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
Archer costs 20 wood + 10 iron. I can build archers.
Spearman costs 15 wood + 0 iron.
Let's build knights and archers in Lisboa to build up a strong army.
Let's build 2 knights in Lisboa. Cost: 60 wood, 60 iron. Remaining: 40 wood, 10 iron.
And maybe 2 archers? Cost 40 wood, 20 iron. But I only have 10 iron left. So only 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or spearmen (15 wood). I can build 2 spearmen (30 wood).
Let's build 2 knights and 1 archer in Lisboa.
In Santarem: wood 60, iron 40. I can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron - total 70 wood, too much). So 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> total 50 wood, 40 iron. Or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood) -> 55 wood, 20 iron.
Let's build 1 knight and 1 archer in Santarem.
In Evora: wood 60, iron 40. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).

Let's look at the movements.
I want to capture Coimbra [3], Badajoz [4], Faro [5].
Let's send troops to attack Coimbra.
Coimbra has 1 knight, defense 3.
If I send from Santarem: 1 spearman, 2 archer. Attack 5, defense 3. I should win.
Let's also send reinforcements from Lisboa to Santarem, so Santarem can hold more and send more.
From Lisboa to Santarem: send 3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight? That's a lot, but Lisboa will be left with 0. Maybe send 2 knights and 1 archer to Santarem.
Let's calculate the travel time from Lisboa to Santarem: Lisboa is connected to Santarem. It's 1 turn.
If I send them now, they arrive next turn.
Let's write down the plan:
We need to expand from our 3 villages (Lisboa, Santarem, Evora) to the neutrals (Coimbra, Badajoz, Faro) to secure resources and population.
We will attack Coimbra from Santarem, Faro from Evora, and Badajoz from Santarem (or reinforce Santarem first).
Let's attack Coimbra and Faro this turn, as they are 1 turn away.
For Coimbra: send from Santarem [1] to Coimbra [3]: 1 spearman, 2 archer.
For Faro: send from Evora [2] to Faro [5]: 1 spearman, 2 archer.
For Badajoz: maybe next turn, after reinforcing Santarem.
Let's also send reinforcements from Lisboa to Santarem: 2 knights, 1 archer. This will help Santarem defend and launch further attacks.
And build troops:
In Lisboa: build 2 knights, 1 archer (or 2 knights, 2 spearmen if iron is tight, but 2 knights + 1 archer is good).
In Santarem: build 1 knight, 1 archer.
In Evora: build 1 knight, 1 archer.

Let's double check the resource costs and availability.
Lisboa: wood 100, iron 70.
Build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 80 wood, 70 iron. This is exactly what I have! So Lisboa will have 20 wood, 0 iron.
Santarem: wood 60, iron 40.
Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 50 wood, 40 iron. Remaining: 10 wood, 0 iron.
Evora: wood 60, iron 40.
Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 50 wood, 40 iron. Remaining: 10 wood, 0 iron.

Let's check the troops available to send:
From Lisboa [0] to Santarem [1]:
Currently available: 3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight.
If I send 2 knights, 1 archer, 1 spearman? Let's send 2 knights, 1 archer.
From Santarem [1] to Coimbra [3]:
Currently available: 1 spearman, 2 archer. Send all: 1 spearman, 2 archer.
From Evora [2] to Faro [5]:
Currently available: 1 spearman, 2 archer. Send all: 1 spearman, 2 archer.

Let's check if the attacks will succeed.
Coimbra: defense 3. My attack: 1 spearman (1) + 2 archer (4) = 5. 5 > 3, win.
Faro: defense 5. My attack: 1 spearman (1) + 2 archer (4) = 5. 5 vs 5. Tie favors defender. This might be a tie, and I might lose some troops or it's a draw.
Wait, "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER."
If it's a tie, the defender wins, meaning I lose my troops and don't capture the village.
So 5 vs 5 is a tie, defender wins. I should not attack Faro with only 5 attack if defense is 5.
Wait, is there any counter bonus?
Faro has 2 spearmen. I have 1 spearman, 2 archer.
Most numerous: archer (2) vs spearman (2). Tie in count breaks in the order spearman, archer, knight.
So spearman is the most numerous type for the defender (2 spearmen), and archer is the most numerous for me (2 archers).
Archer counters spearman! So I get the counter bonus of 1.5x!
Let's calculate the effective force with counter bonus:
My attack: 5. Since archer counters spearman, my attack is multiplied by 1.5? "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
So 5 * 1.5 = 7.5.
Enemy defense: 5.
7.5 > 5, so I win!
Let's verify the counter rule: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
My army: 1 spearman, 2 archer. Most numerous: archer (2).
Enemy army: 2 spearmen. Most numerous: spearman (2).
Archer counters spearman. So my archers get the bonus. My total attack is multiplied by 1.5.
Yes, 5 * 1.5 = 7.5, which is greater than 5. So I win the battle!
What about Coimbra?
Enemy: 1 knight. Most numerous: knight.
My army: 1 spearman, 2 archer. Most numerous: archer.
Archer vs knight: knight counters archer. So the enemy gets the counter bonus!
Enemy defense is 3. With counter bonus, is it 3 * 1.5 = 4.5?
"The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup... Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
If the enemy has the counter (knight counters archer), their defense is multiplied by 1.5?
Wait, "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle... Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
It says "your force", meaning the attacker's force if they have the counter, or the defender's force if they have the counter?
Usually, the one who has the counter gets the bonus. If defender has the counter, their defense is multiplied.
If defender (knight) counters my attacker (archer), then defender's effective defense is 3 * 1.5 = 4.5.
My attack is 5. 5 > 4.5, so I still win, but with very small margin.
Wait, if I send 3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight from Lisboa? No, they take 2 turns to arrive.
What if I send knights from Lisboa to Coimbra? They take 2 turns.
Let's just send the troops from Santarem to Coimbra and Evora to Faro.
Is there a better target?
Badajoz [4] has 2 spearmen, defense 5. March from Santarem [1]: 1 turn.
If I attack Badajoz from Santarem with 1 spearman, 2 archer:
Enemy: 2 spearmen. Most numerous: spearman.
My army: 1 spearman, 2 archer. Most numerous: archer.
Archer counters spearman. My attack is 5 * 1.5 = 7.5. Enemy defense is 5. I win!
So both Badajoz and Faro are good targets.
Let's attack Coimbra, Badajoz, and Faro.
But I only have 1 spearman, 2 archer in Santarem. I can only send them to one target.
I can send them to Badajoz, and next turn send more to Coimbra.
Or I can send reinforcements from Lisboa to Santarem this turn, and they arrive next turn, so next turn Santarem has more troops to attack Coimbra and Badajoz.
Let's send the Santarem troops to Badajoz [4] this turn.
And Evora troops to Faro [5] this turn.
And from Lisboa, send 2 knights, 1 archer to Santarem [1] to reinforce.
Let's build:
Lisboa: 2 knights, 1 archer.
Santarem: 1 knight, 1 archer.
Evora: 1 knight, 1 archer.

Let's write the JSON.
`build`:
[
  {"villageId": 0, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 0, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 1, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 1, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 2, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 2, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}
]

`movements`:
[
  {"fromId": 1, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 2}}, // Santarem to Badajoz
  {"fromId": 2, "toId": 5, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 2}}, // Evora to Faro
  {"fromId": 0, "toId": 1, "troops": {"knight": 2, "archer": 1}}  // Lisboa to Santarem
]

Let's check if I have enough troops to send.
Lisboa available: 3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight. Sending 2 knight, 1 archer. OK.
Santarem available: 1 spearman, 2 archer. Sending 1 spearman, 2 archer to Badajoz. OK.
Evora available: 1 spearman, 2 archer. Sending 1 spearman, 2 archer to Faro. OK.

Let's write the `plan`:
"Our immediate goal is to secure our borders by capturing the nearby neutral villages of Badajoz and Faro, which will provide us with vital resources and a stepping stone for further expansion. We will reinforce Santarem from Lisboa to prepare for the next wave of attacks on Coimbra and deeper into the peninsula. In the long term, we will push north and east to connect our territories and eventually confront the enemy capital in Barcelona, aiming to hold 18 villages to secure victory."

Let's write the `statement`:
"We have launched a coordinated assault on the neutral territories, sending our elite archers and spearmen to capture Badajoz and Faro. Simultaneously, our knights from the capital are marching to reinforce Santarem, ensuring our lines remain strong and ready for the next push. The expansion begins now!"

Let's double check the JSON format.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 1, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 2}},
    {"fromId": 2, "toId": 5, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 2}},
    {"fromId": 0, "toId": 1, "troops": {"knight": 2, "archer": 1}}
  ],
  "plan": "Our immediate goal is to secure our borders by capturing the nearby neutral villages of Badajoz and Faro, which will provide us with vital resources and a stepping stone for further expansion. We will reinforce Santarem from Lisboa to prepare for the next wave of attacks on Coimbra and deeper into the peninsula. In the long term, we will push north and east to connect our territories and eventually confront the enemy capital in Barcelona, aiming to hold 18 villages to secure victory.",
  "statement": "We have launched a coordinated assault on the neutral territories, sending our elite archers and spearmen to capture Badajoz and Faro. Simultaneously, our knights from the capital are marching to reinforce Santarem, ensuring our lines remain strong and ready for the next push. The expansion begins now!"
}

Let's review the rules:
- "Each village you hold produces resources every turn, and resources are what build your army." (Already accounted for in the build costs).
- "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."
  Lisboa: 100 wood, 70 iron. 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 80 wood, 70 iron. OK.
  Santarem: 60 wood, 40 iron. 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 50 wood, 40 iron. OK.
  Evora: 60 wood, 40 iron. 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 50 wood, 40 iron. OK.
- "Use only ids that appear in the report above."
  Villages: 0, 1, 2, 4, 5. All are in the report.
- "Do not send troops a village does not have."
  Lisboa has 3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight. Sending 2 knight, 1 archer. OK.
  Santarem has 1 spearman, 2 archer. Sending 1 spearman, 2 archer. OK.
  Evora has 1 spearman, 2 archer. Sending 1 spearman, 2 archer. OK.
- "Empty lists are valid orders." (Not needed here, but good to know).
- "Reply with ONE valid JSON object and nothing else - no text before or after it."

Looks solid. I will output the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":1,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":2}},{"origemId":2,"destinoId":5,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":2}},{"origemId":0,"destinoId":1,"tropas":{"cavaleiro":2,"arqueiro":1}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [0]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [2]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO envio [1]->[4]: 1S+2A (alvo neutra lanceiro)
ACEITO envio [2]->[5]: 1S+2A (alvo neutra lanceiro)
ACEITO envio [0]->[1]: 1A+2K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Our immediate goal is to secure our borders by capturing the nearby neutral villages of Badajoz and Faro, which will provide us with vital resources and a stepping stone for further expansion. We will reinforce Santarem from Lisboa to prepare for the next wave of attacks on Coimbra and deeper into the peninsula. In the long term, we will push north and east to connect our territories and eventually confront the enemy capital in Barcelona, aiming to hold 18 villages to secure victory.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): We have launched a coordinated assault on the neutral territories, sending our elite archers and spearmen to capture Badajoz and Faro. Simultaneously, our knights from the capital are marching to reinforce Santarem, ensuring our lines remain strong and ready for the next push. The expansion begins now!
########## TURNO 4 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3227 | resposta 11413 | raciocinio 8490 | finish stop | ms 113536
resposta crua: "\n\n```json\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 18, \"toId\": 16, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 19, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 21, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"archer\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 22, \"toId\": 21, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 1, \"archer\": 2}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Attack Valencia from Castellon to expand territory. Send all troops from Pamplona and Tarragona to Zaragoza to prepare for the attack on Madrid next turn. Send troops from Barcelona to Tarragona to maintain its garrison. Build troops in all available villages to grow the army.\",\n  \"statement\": \"We launch our attack on Valencia from Castellon, sending all available troops. To secure the next objective, Madrid, we are concentrating forces in Zaragoza by sending reinforcements from Pamplona and Tarragona. Barcelona sends troops to Tarragona to keep it strong. We are building across our empire to grow our army.\"\n}\n```"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B and provide orders for the next turn.
First, analyze the current state of the game:
- I hold 7 of 24 villages (Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Castellon, Zaragoza, Huesca, Pamplona).
- Total troops at home: 15 soldiers (6 spearman, 7 archer, 2 knight) + 0 marching.
- Villages available to send from:
  - Barcelona [22]: 1 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight (attack power 5)
  - Tarragona [21]: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight (attack power 2)
  - Girona [23]: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight (attack power 2)
  - Castellon [18]: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight (attack power 6)
  - Zaragoza [17]: 1 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight (attack power 5)
  - Huesca [20]: 0 troops
  - Pamplona [19]: 0 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight (attack power 8)
- Neutral villages visible:
  - Valencia [16]: 2 knights, defense 5, march from Castellon [18] 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns.
  - Teruel [13]: 3 spearmen, defense 8, march from Castellon [18] 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns.
  - Madrid [12]: 3 spearmen, defense 8, march from Zaragoza [17] 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns.
  - Burgos [14]: 3 knights, defense 8, march from Pamplona [19] 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns.
- Unexplored villages: [15] Murcia, [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [11] Cordoba, [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto, [10] Vigo, [3] Coimbra, [9] Sevilha, [5] Faro, [1] Santarem, [0] Lisboa (Enemy Capital), [2] Evora.
- Economy: Each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn.
- Cap per village: 300 troops.
- Build costs:
  - spearman: 15 wood + 0 iron
  - archer: 20 wood + 10 iron
  - knight: 30 wood + 30 iron

Let's look at resources and what can be built:
- Barcelona [22]: wood 30, iron 50. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Or combinations.
- Tarragona [21]: wood 40, iron 30. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Girona [23]: wood 45, iron 40. Can build 3 spearman (45 wood) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Castellon [18]: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
- Zaragoza [17]: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
- Pamplona [19]: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build anything.
- Huesca [20]: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).

Let's check the note from last turn:
"Attacking Pamplona with all troops from Huesca to expand territory. Reinforcing Castellon from Tarragona for the upcoming attack on Valencia. Building troops in Barcelona, Tarragona, and Girona to grow the army and defend Girona. Next turn: consolidate Pamplona, launch attack on Valencia, and begin building in newly conquered villages. Consider reinforcing Huesca from Zaragoza next turn to avoid leaving it empty."

Current situation:
- Pamplona has been conquered and has 3 troops (0 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight).
- Huesca is empty (0 troops).
- Valencia is neutral with 2 knights, defense 5.
- We need to expand and get to 18 villages.
- Let's plan attacks on neutral villages to expand.
- Valencia [16] is close to Castellon [18]. March time: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So if we send from Castellon, it takes 1 turn for fast troops, 1 for medium, 1 for slow. Since it's 1 fast turn, knights would arrive next turn if sent. But we have no knights in Castellon. We have 2 spearman, 2 archer. March time for mixed army is the speed of the slowest, so 1 slow turn (since spearman is slow). If we send them, they will arrive in 1 turn.
- Let's look at Burgos [14]: 3 knights, defense 8. March from Pamplona [19]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Pamplona has 2 archer, 1 knight. Sending them takes 1 slow turn (archers are medium, knight is fast, wait, if we send archers and knight, the slowest is medium, so 1 medium turn? No, the text says: "march from [19] Pamplona: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". This means the distance is 1 slow turn, 1 medium turn, 1 fast turn. So if we send only knights, it takes 1 fast turn. If we send archers, it takes 1 medium turn. If we send spearmen, it takes 1 slow turn. Since Pamplona has 0 spearmen, if we send archers and knight, the slowest is archer (medium), so it takes 1 medium turn? Wait, the march time is determined by the distance and the speed of the troops. "march from [19] Pamplona: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means the distance to Burgos is such that it takes 1 turn for slow troops, 1 turn for medium, 1 turn for fast. So any troop type takes 1 turn to get there because the distance is short! Let's verify: "march from [18] Castellon: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Valencia. So it takes 1 turn for any troop type.
- Let's check Madrid [12]: march from Zaragoza [17]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Zaragoza has 1 spearman, 1 knight. Sending them takes 1 turn.
- Let's check Teruel [13]: march from Castellon [18]: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Castellon has 2 spearman, 2 archer. Sending spearman takes 2 turns, archers take 1 turn, mixed takes 2 turns.

Let's think about combat.
Attacking Valencia [16]: garrison 2 knights, defense 5.
If we attack with Castellon [18]: 2 spearman, 2 archer.
Attack power: spearman attack 1, archer attack 2. Total attack = 2*1 + 2*2 = 6.
Defender: 2 knights. Defense of knight is 2. Location bonus included in effective defense is 5. Wait, the report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 5". So we just use 5 as the defense value.
Our attack is 6, defense is 5. We win.
But wait, counter triangle: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup". Our army has 2 spearman, 2 archer. It's a tie between spearman and archer. "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight". So the most numerous type is spearman.
Enemy has 2 knights. Most numerous is knight.
Spearman counters knight! So we get a 1.5x multiplier.
Our effective attack = 6 * 1.5 = 9.
Enemy defense = 5.
We win with 9 vs 5.
Losses: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
Loser's effective force is 5. Winner takes losses proportional? Usually, losses are equal to the loser's effective force divided by something, or just the loser's force. "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." This means we will lose some troops. But we will conquer the village.
Let's see if we should attack Valencia. Yes, it's a good move.
What about Madrid [12]? 3 spearmen, defense 8.
If we attack from Zaragoza [17] with 1 spearman, 1 knight.
Attack: 1 spearman (1) + 1 knight (4) = 5.
Most numerous: tie between spearman and knight. Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight -> spearman.
Enemy: 3 spearmen -> spearman.
Spearman vs spearman: no counter. Effective attack = 5.
Defense = 8. We lose.
What if we reinforce Zaragoza first? We can send troops from Barcelona or Tarragona to Zaragoza, then attack Madrid.
Let's look at the road network.
Tarragona [21] is connected to Zaragoza [17]. March distance?
The report says: "[17] Zaragoza (yours): [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]". So Tarragona to Zaragoza is a direct road.
We can send troops from Tarragona to Zaragoza.
Tarragona has 1 archer. We can send it.
Barcelona [22] is connected to Tarragona [21] and Girona [23]. To get to Zaragoza, they have to go through Tarragona.
Let's look at the march distances. They are not explicitly given for all, but we can infer or just send them.
Wait, if we send troops from Castellon [18] to Valencia [16], they will arrive next turn and fight.
Let's decide on builds:
- Barcelona [22]: wood 30, iron 50. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron)? Total wood 50 > 30. Can't.
  Build 2 archers: 40 wood > 30. Can't.
  Build 1 knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. Leaves 0 wood, 20 iron.
  Build 1 archer: 20 wood, 10 iron. Leaves 10 wood, 40 iron.
  Build 1 spearman: 15 wood. Leaves 15 wood, 50 iron.
  Let's build 1 knight and 1 spearman? 30+15 = 45 wood > 30. No.
  Let's build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: 0 wood, 20 iron.
  Or build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood) = 35 wood > 30. No.
  So we can build 1 knight, or 1 archer, or 2 spearman (30 wood).
  Let's build 1 knight in Barcelona.
- Tarragona [21]: wood 40, iron 30. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 35 wood, 10 iron. This is possible! 35 wood <= 40, 10 iron <= 30.
  Let's build 1 archer and 1 spearman in Tarragona.
- Girona [23]: wood 45, iron 40. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 45 wood, 30 iron. This is possible!
  Let's build 1 knight and 1 spearman in Girona.
- Castellon [18]: wood 30, iron 20. Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 35 wood > 30. No.
  Build 2 spearman (30 wood). Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
  Let's build 2 spearman in Castellon.
- Zaragoza [17]: wood 30, iron 20. Build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
  Let's build 1 archer in Zaragoza.
- Pamplona [19]: wood 0, iron 0. Nothing.
- Huesca [20]: wood 30, iron 20. Build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
  Let's build 1 archer in Huesca.

Let's review the builds:
- Barcelona [22]: 1 knight
- Tarragona [21]: 1 spearman, 1 archer
- Girona [23]: 1 spearman, 1 knight
- Castellon [18]: 2 spearman
- Zaragoza [17]: 1 archer
- Huesca [20]: 1 archer

Total wood spent: 30 + 15+20 + 15+30 + 30 + 20 + 20 = 180.
Total iron spent: 30 + 0+10 + 0+30 + 0 + 10 + 10 = 90.
Let's check resources:
- Barcelona: wood 30, iron 50. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. OK.
- Tarragona: wood 40, iron 30. Spearman (15 wood) + archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 35 wood, 10 iron. OK.
- Girona: wood 45, iron 40. Spearman (15 wood) + knight (30 wood, 30 iron) = 45 wood, 30 iron. OK.
- Castellon: wood 30, iron 20. 2 spearman = 30 wood. OK.
- Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 20. 1 archer = 20 wood, 10 iron. OK.
- Huesca: wood 30, iron 20. 1 archer = 20 wood, 10 iron. OK.

Now, movements.
We want to attack Valencia [16] from Castellon [18].
Castellon has 2 spearman, 2 archer. We can send all of them.
Wait, if we send all, Castellon becomes empty. But it's the launching point. Is that okay? Yes, we conquer Valencia and then we can build there.
Let's send 2 spearman, 2 archer from Castellon [18] to Valencia [16].
Wait, the report says Castellon has "troops at home: 4 / 300. AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight".
So we can send all 4.
March time: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Since we send spearman (slow) and archer (medium), the slowest is spearman, so it takes 1 slow turn. The report says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns", meaning the distance is 1 turn for slow troops. So they will arrive next turn.
Wait, "march from [18] Castellon: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means the travel time is 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast. So they all take 1 turn.
Let's send them.

What about Madrid [12]? It's neutral, 3 spearmen, defense 8.
We can attack it from Zaragoza [17]. Zaragoza has 1 spearman, 1 knight. Attack power 5, defense 8. We lose.
We need to reinforce Zaragoza first.
We can send troops from Tarragona [21] to Zaragoza [17].
Tarragona has 1 archer. We can send it.
Wait, Tarragona also has 0 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight available to send now.
If we send the archer from Tarragona to Zaragoza, Zaragoza will have 1 spearman, 1 knight, 1 archer.
Attack on Madrid: 1 spearman, 1 knight, 1 archer.
Attack power: 1 + 4 + 2 = 7.
Most numerous: tie between spearman, archer, knight. Tie breaks to spearman.
Enemy: 3 spearmen -> spearman.
Spearman vs spearman: no counter. Effective attack = 7.
Defense = 8. Still lose!
We need more troops.
Can we send from Barcelona [22] to Tarragona [21], then to Zaragoza? That takes 2 turns.
Or send from Barcelona directly to Zaragoza? Road network: Barcelona [22] is connected to Tarragona [21] and Girona [23]. Tarragona is connected to Zaragoza [17]. So Barcelona to Zaragoza is via Tarragona. It takes 2 turns.
What about Girona [23] to Huesca [20] to Zaragoza [17]? Girona is connected to Huesca [20] and Barcelona [22]. Huesca is connected to Zaragoza [17]. So Girona to Zaragoza is via Huesca. 2 turns.
What about Pamplona [19] to Zaragoza [17]? Direct road! "[17] Zaragoza (yours): [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]". So Pamplona is connected to Zaragoza.
Pamplona has 2 archer, 1 knight. We can send them to Zaragoza.
March time from Pamplona to Zaragoza: not explicitly given, but they are connected. Let's assume 1 turn.
If we send 2 archer, 1 knight from Pamplona to Zaragoza, Zaragoza will have:
Original: 1 spearman, 1 knight.
Reinforcements: 2 archer, 1 knight.
Total: 1 spearman, 2 knights, 2 archers.
Attack on Madrid: 1 spearman, 2 knights, 2 archers.
Attack power: 1*1 + 2*4 + 2*2 = 1 + 8 + 4 = 13.
Most numerous: tie between knight and archer (2 each). Tie breaks to archer (spearman, archer, knight).
Enemy: 3 spearmen -> spearman.
Archer counters spearman! Multiplier 1.5.
Effective attack = 13 * 1.5 = 19.5.
Defense = 8. We win easily!
But wait, if we send all troops from Pamplona, Pamplona becomes empty. Is that okay? We just conquered it. We can leave it empty for now, or send some back. But we don't have troops to send back.
Also, Burgos [14] is connected to Pamplona [19]. If we leave Pamplona empty, we might want to reinforce it later. But for now, let's send troops to Zaragoza to attack Madrid.
Wait, if we send from Pamplona to Zaragoza, and from Zaragoza to Madrid, the troops from Pamplona will arrive at Zaragoza next turn, and then they can march to Madrid the turn after. But the attack on Madrid must be ordered this turn? No, orders are simultaneous. We order the attack on Madrid this turn, but the troops from Pamplona won't be there yet!
"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So we cannot combine the troops from Zaragoza and Pamplona for the attack on Madrid if they arrive on the same turn.
If we send from Pamplona to Zaragoza, they arrive next turn. If we send from Zaragoza to Madrid this turn, they fight alone.
So we should NOT attack Madrid this turn if we want to combine forces.
We should send reinforcements from Pamplona to Zaragoza this turn, and then next turn attack Madrid with the combined force.
So this turn:
- Send from Pamplona [19] to Zaragoza [17]: 2 archer, 1 knight.
- Do NOT attack Madrid this turn.
- Attack Valencia [16] from Castellon [18]: 2 spearman, 2 archer.

Let's check if we can attack Burgos [14] from Pamplona [19] instead of sending to Zaragoza.
Burgos has 3 knights, defense 8.
Pamplona has 2 archer, 1 knight.
Attack: 2 archer (4) + 1 knight (4) = 8.
Most numerous: archer (2).
Enemy: 3 knights -> knight.
Archer vs knight: no counter (archer counters spearman, knight counters archer, spearman counters knight). Wait, knight counters archer! So enemy gets counter bonus?
"The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup... Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
Our most numerous is archer. Enemy most numerous is knight.
Knight counters archer. So the ENEMY gets the counter bonus!
Our effective attack = 8. Enemy defense = 8 * 1.5 = 12? Or does the counter bonus apply to the enemy's attack? "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle... Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
So if we attack, and our most numerous type is countered by the defender's most numerous type, the defender gets the multiplier on their defense?
"Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." This means the side that has the counter gets the multiplier. If we attack with archers and defend with knights, the defender has knights which counter archers. So the defender's force is multiplied by 1.5.
So enemy defense = 8 * 1.5 = 12. Our attack = 8. We lose.
So attacking Burgos with Pamplona's current troops is a bad idea.

What about Teruel [13]? 3 spearmen, defense 8. March from Castellon [18]: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
If we attack from Castellon with 2 spearman, 2 archer.
Attack: 2*1 + 2*2 = 6.
Most numerous: tie spearman/archer -> spearman.
Enemy: 3 spearmen -> spearman.
No counter. Effective attack = 6. Defense = 8. We lose.
If we reinforce Castellon first.

Let's look at the neutral villages we can see:
- Valencia [16]: 2 knights, defense 5. We can win with Castellon's troops.
- Madrid [12]: 3 spearmen, defense 8. We need reinforcements.
- Burgos [14]: 3 knights, defense 8. We need reinforcements.
- Teruel [13]: 3 spearmen, defense 8. We need reinforcements.

So the best move this turn is:
1. Attack Valencia [16] from Castellon [18] with all available troops (2 spearman, 2 archer).
2. Send reinforcements from Pamplona [19] to Zaragoza [17] (2 archer, 1 knight) to prepare for the attack on Madrid next turn.
3. Send reinforcements from Tarragona [21] to Zaragoza [17]? Tarragona has 1 archer. If we send it, Zaragoza gets more troops. But Pamplona is sending 2 archer, 1 knight. Zaragoza already has 1 spearman, 1 knight. Adding Tarragona's archer makes it even bigger.
Wait, if we send from Tarragona to Zaragoza, and from Pamplona to Zaragoza, they will arrive on the same turn?
"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
But they are going to a village WE OWN (Zaragoza). They don't fight, they just reinforce!
"You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements."
So they DO add up when reinforcing! The rule "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up" applies to attacking an enemy or neutral village. For reinforcing your own village, they join the garrison.
So we can send from Tarragona and Pamplona to Zaragoza, and they will all join the garrison.
Let's check Tarragona's troops: 1 archer.
Pamplona's troops: 2 archer, 1 knight.
Zaragoza's current troops: 1 spearman, 1 knight.
Next turn, Zaragoza will have: 1 spearman, 1 knight + 1 archer (from Tarragona) + 2 archer, 1 knight (from Pamplona) = 1 spearman, 2 knights, 3 archers.
Then we can attack Madrid [12] from Zaragoza.
Attack power: 1*1 + 2*4 + 3*2 = 1 + 8 + 6 = 15.
Most numerous: archer (3).
Enemy: 3 spearmen -> spearman.
Archer counters spearman! Multiplier 1.5.
Effective attack = 15 * 1.5 = 22.5.
Defense = 8. We win easily!

Let's check if we can send from Barcelona [22] to Tarragona [21] to reinforce Tarragona, so Tarragona can send more to Zaragoza.
Barcelona has 1 spearman, 2 archer. Tarragona has 1 archer.
If we send from Barcelona to Tarragona, they take some time. But Tarragona is sending its archer to Zaragoza this turn. So Tarragona will be empty next turn unless we send something to arrive later.
We can send from Barcelona to Tarragona this turn, they arrive next turn, and then Tarragona has troops again.
But we need to build troops anyway.
Let's focus on the immediate actions:
- Build troops in all villages that can build.
- Attack Valencia from Castellon.
- Send reinforcements from Pamplona to Zaragoza.
- Send reinforcements from Tarragona to Zaragoza.

Wait, if we send all troops from Castellon to Valencia, Castellon will be empty. Can we send some from Zaragoza to Castellon?
Zaragoza is connected to Castellon? No, Zaragoza is connected to Teruel [13], Madrid [12], Pamplona [19], Huesca [20], Tarragona [21]. Castellon [18] is connected to Teruel [13], Valencia [16], Tarragona [21].
So Zaragoza to Castellon is via Teruel or Tarragona. 2 turns.
We can send from Tarragona to Castellon. Tarragona is connected to Castellon [18] and Zaragoza [17].
If we send Tarragona's archer to Castellon instead of Zaragoza, Castellon gets reinforced.
But Castellon is attacking Valencia this turn. The troops we send from Tarragona will arrive next turn, after the battle. So they can garrison Castellon.
Let's see: if we send Tarragona's archer to Castellon, Castellon will have 2 spearman, 2 archer (after battle, some lost) + 1 archer (from Tarragona).
If we send Tarragona's archer to Zaragoza, Zaragoza gets reinforced for the Madrid attack.
Which is more important?
Madrid is 3 spearmen, defense 8. Valencia is 2 knights, defense 5.
Valencia is easier to take now. Madrid will be taken next turn.
If we take Valencia this turn, we get a new village. We can start building there next turn.
If we take Madrid next turn, we get another village.
So both are important.
Let's send Tarragona's archer to Zaragoza to ensure the Madrid attack is overwhelming.
And we can send Barcelona's troops to Tarragona to keep Tarragona populated.
Barcelona has 1 spearman, 2 archer. We can send 1 spearman, 1 archer to Tarragona.
Let's check march time from Barcelona to Tarragona: "[21] Tarragona (yours): [17], [18], [22]". Direct road. Probably 1 turn.
So we can send 1 spearman, 1 archer from Barcelona to Tarragona.
Then Tarragona will have the archer we sent (arrives next turn) plus whatever we build this turn.
Tarragona is building 1 spearman, 1 archer this turn. So next turn it will have 1 spearman, 1 archer (built) + 1 spearman, 1 archer (from Barcelona) = 2 spearman, 2 archer. That's good.

Let's refine the builds and movements.

Builds:
- Barcelona [22]: build 1 knight. (Cost: 30 wood, 30 iron. Resources: 30 wood, 50 iron -> 0 wood, 20 iron).
- Tarragona [21]: build 1 spearman, 1 archer. (Cost: 35 wood, 10 iron. Resources: 40 wood, 30 iron -> 5 wood, 20 iron).
- Girona [23]: build 1 spearman, 1 knight. (Cost: 45 wood, 30 iron. Resources: 45 wood, 40 iron -> 0 wood, 10 iron).
- Castellon [18]: build 2 spearman. (Cost: 30 wood. Resources: 30 wood, 20 iron -> 0 wood, 20 iron).
- Zaragoza [17]: build 1 archer. (Cost: 20 wood, 10 iron. Resources: 30 wood, 20 iron -> 10 wood, 10 iron).
- Huesca [20]: build 1 archer. (Cost: 20 wood, 10 iron. Resources: 30 wood, 20 iron -> 10 wood, 10 iron).
- Pamplona [19]: cannot build (0 wood, 0 iron).

Movements:
1. From Castellon [18] to Valencia [16] (attack):
   Troops: 2 spearman, 2 archer.
   March time: 1 turn.
2. From Pamplona [19] to Zaragoza [17] (reinforce):
   Troops: 2 archer, 1 knight.
   March time: 1 turn (assumed, direct road).
3. From Tarragona [21] to Zaragoza [17] (reinforce):
   Troops: 1 archer.
   March time: 1 turn (assumed, direct road).
4. From Barcelona [22] to Tarragona [21] (reinforce):
   Troops: 1 spearman, 1 archer.
   March time: 1 turn (assumed, direct road).

Wait, if we send 1 spearman and 1 archer from Barcelona to Tarragona, Barcelona's available troops are 1 spearman, 2 archer. So we can send 1 spearman, 1 archer. Leaves 1 archer at home.
Is it better to send all from Barcelona? If we send 1 spearman, 2 archer, Barcelona is empty. But we just built a knight there, so next turn it will have 1 knight. That's fine.
Let's send 1 spearman, 2 archer from Barcelona to Tarragona.
Wait, the report says Barcelona has "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 1 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight". So we can send all 3.
Let's send 1 spearman, 2 archer from Barcelona to Tarragona.

Let's check if we should send anything to Huesca [20]. Huesca is empty. We are building 1 archer there. Next turn it will have 1 archer. That's okay for now.
What about Girona [23]? We are building 1 spearman, 1 knight. It currently has 2 spearman. Next turn it will have 3 spearman, 1 knight. We can leave it as is.

Let's double check the combat for Valencia [16].
Attacker: Castellon [18] sending 2 spearman, 2 archer.
Enemy: Valencia [16] garrison 2 knights, effective defense 5.
Our attack: spearman (1) * 2 = 2. archer (2) * 2 = 4. Total = 6.
Most numerous: tie (2 spearman, 2 archer). Tie breaks to spearman.
Enemy most numerous: knight (2).
Spearman counters knight. Multiplier 1.5.
Effective attack = 6 * 1.5 = 9.
Enemy defense = 5.
We win. 9 vs 5.
Losses: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
Loser's effective force is 5. We will lose some troops. Probably around 5 / 9 * our troops? Or just some casualties.
But we will conquer Valencia.

Let's check if we can send any troops to Huesca to defend it.
Zaragoza is connected to Huesca. We could send 1 spearman from Zaragoza to Huesca.
But we want to concentrate troops in Zaragoza for the Madrid attack.
If we send 1 spearman to Huesca, Zaragoza has 1 knight left. Then Madrid attack is weaker.
Let's keep Zaragoza's troops for the attack.
Wait, the attack on Madrid is next turn. This turn we just reinforce Zaragoza.
We don't send troops from Zaragoza this turn. We only receive them.
So Zaragoza's current troops (1 spearman, 1 knight) stay there.
We send from Pamplona (2 archer, 1 knight) and Tarragona (1 archer) to Zaragoza.
So Zaragoza's garrison next turn will be: 1 spearman, 1 knight (current) + 2 archer, 1 knight (from Pamplona) + 1 archer (from Tarragona) = 1 spearman, 2 knights, 3 archers.
Then next turn we order the attack on Madrid from Zaragoza.
This seems perfect.

Let's review the JSON format.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 18, "toId": 16, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 2}},
    {"fromId": 19, "toId": 17, "troops": {"archer": 2, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 21, "toId": 17, "troops": {"archer": 1}},
    {"fromId": 22, "toId": 21, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 2}}
  ],
  "plan": "Attack Valencia from Castellon to expand territory. Send all troops from Pamplona and Tarragona to Zaragoza to prepare for the attack on Madrid next turn. Send troops from Barcelona to Tarragona to maintain its garrison. Build troops in all available villages to grow the army.",
  "statement": "We launch our attack on Valencia from Castellon, sending all available troops. To secure the next objective, Madrid, we are concentrating forces in Zaragoza by sending reinforcements from Pamplona and Tarragona. Barcelona sends troops to Tarragona to keep it strong. We are building across our empire to grow our army."
}

Let's double check the village IDs and names.
- Barcelona: 22
- Tarragona: 21
- Girona: 23
- Castellon: 18
- Zaragoza: 17
- Huesca: 20
- Pamplona: 19
- Valencia: 16
- Madrid: 12
- Burgos: 14
- Teruel: 13

Let's check the build quantities and resources again.
Barcelona [22]: wood 30, iron 50.
Build 1 knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 20 iron. OK.
Tarragona [21]: wood 40, iron 30.
Build 1 spearman (15 wood), 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Total: 35 wood, 10 iron. Remaining: 5 wood, 20 iron. OK.
Girona [23]: wood 45, iron 40.
Build 1 spearman (15 wood), 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Total: 45 wood, 30 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 10 iron. OK.
Castellon [18]: wood 30, iron 20.
Build 2 spearman (30 wood). Remaining: 0 wood, 20 iron. OK.
Zaragoza [17]: wood 30, iron 20.
Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Remaining: 10 wood, 10 iron. OK.
Huesca [20]: wood 30, iron 20.
Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Remaining: 10 wood, 10 iron. OK.

Movements:
- Castellon [18] to Valencia [16]: 2 spearman, 2 archer.
  Castellon has 2 spearman, 2 archer available. OK.
- Pamplona [19] to Zaragoza [17]: 2 archer, 1 knight.
  Pamplona has 0 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight available. OK.
- Tarragona [21] to Zaragoza [17]: 1 archer.
  Tarragona has 0 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight available. OK.
- Barcelona [22] to Tarragona [21]: 1 spearman, 2 archer.
  Barcelona has 1 spearman, 2 archer available. OK.

Wait, if we send 1 spearman, 2 archer from Barcelona to Tarragona, Barcelona's available troops are exactly that. So Barcelona will have 0 troops left at home (until the knight we build arrives next turn). That's fine.
Tarragona sends its 1 archer to Zaragoza. So Tarragona has 0 troops left at home (until the build and reinforcement arrive). That's fine.
Pamplona sends all troops to Zaragoza. Pamplona becomes empty. That's fine, we just conquered it and we can rebuild later.
Castellon sends all troops to Valencia. Castellon becomes empty. But we conquer Valencia, so we can use it next turn.

Let's check if there are any constraints on sending troops to a village we own.
"You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements."
So sending from Tarragona to Zaragoza is valid.
Sending from Barcelona to Tarragona is valid.
Sending from Pamplona to Zaragoza is valid.

Let's check the road network for the movements.
- Castellon [18] to Valencia [16]: "[16] Valencia (neutral): [13], [15], [18]". Direct road. OK.
- Pamplona [19] to Zaragoza [17]: "[17] Zaragoza (yours): [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]". Direct road. OK.
- Tarragona [21] to Zaragoza [17]: "[17] Zaragoza (yours): [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]". Direct road. OK.
- Barcelona [22] to Tarragona [21]: "[21] Tarragona (yours): [17], [18], [22]". Direct road. OK.

Everything seems perfectly aligned.

Let's write the plan and statement.
Plan: "Attack Valencia from Castellon to expand territory. Send all troops from Pamplona and Tarragona to Zaragoza to prepare for the attack on Madrid next turn. Send troops from Barcelona to Tarragona to maintain its garrison. Build troops in all available villages to grow the army."
Statement: "We launch our attack on Valencia from Castellon, sending all available troops. To secure the next objective, Madrid, we are concentrating forces in Zaragoza by sending reinforcements from Pamplona and Tarragona. Barcelona sends troops to Tarragona to keep it strong. We are building across our empire to grow our army."

Let's review the rules again to ensure no mistakes.
- "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS": yes, we write orders based on the snapshot.
- "Each village you hold produces resources every turn": yes, we used the production.
- "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW": yes, we checked resources.
- "Cap per village: when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300": we are well below 300.
- "Neutral villages harden with time": Valencia is "stable for 3 turns", so no extra troops yet.
- "Armies march along the ROAD NETWORK": we used the road network.
- "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours": Valencia is the first village on the path from Castellon. OK.
- "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn": we are sending to Zaragoza which is OUR village, so they add up. We are sending to Valencia from only one village (Castellon). OK.
- "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there": no enemy armies on the road.
- "Each troop type has a speed": we considered the slowest troop for march time, but since the distance is 1 turn for all, it doesn't matter much.
- "The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival": we know this.

Let's double check the combat math for Valencia.
Attacker: 2 spearman, 2 archer.
Attack values: spearman 1, archer 2. Total raw attack = 2*1 + 2*2 = 6.
Most numerous type: tie between spearman and archer. Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So spearman is the most numerous type.
Enemy: 2 knights. Most numerous type: knight.
Counter triangle: spearman counters knight. So attacker gets the counter bonus.
Multiplier: 1.5.
Effective attack = 6 * 1.5 = 9.
Enemy defense: effective defense (location bonus included) is 5.
9 > 5, so we win.
This is correct.

Let's double check the combat math for Madrid (next turn, just to be sure our plan works).
Zaragoza will have: 1 spearman, 2 knights, 3 archers.
Attack values: spearman 1, knight 4, archer 2. Total raw attack = 1*1 + 2*4 + 3*2 = 1 + 8 + 6 = 15.
Most numerous type: archer (3).
Enemy: 3 spearmen. Most numerous type: spearman.
Counter triangle: archer counters spearman. So attacker gets the counter bonus.
Multiplier: 1.5.
Effective attack = 15 * 1.5 = 22.5.
Enemy defense: effective defense (location bonus included) is 8.
22.5 > 8, so we win.
This is correct.

The plan is solid. I will output the JSON.
One small detail: the prompt says "Write them in ENGLISH, every turn, even if your note from last turn is in another language". My plan and statement are in English.
The prompt also says "Reply with ONE valid JSON object and nothing else - no text before or after it." I will ensure the output is only the JSON.

Let's check the JSON structure again.
{
  "build": [ {"villageId": <id>, "type": <type>, "quantity": <n>} ],
  "movements": [ {"fromId": <id>, "toId": <id>, "troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}} ],
  "plan": "<string>",
  "statement": "<string>"
}
My JSON matches this.

Let's verify the village IDs in the build list.
22: Barcelona
21: Tarragona
23: Girona
18: Castellon
17: Zaragoza
20: Huesca
All are my villages. OK.

Let's verify the village IDs in the movements list.
fromId: 18 (Castellon), toId: 16 (Valencia) - OK.
fromId: 19 (Pamplona), toId: 17 (Zaragoza) - OK.
fromId: 21 (Tarragona), toId: 17 (Zaragoza) - OK.
fromId: 22 (Barcelona), toId: 21 (Tarragona) - OK.

Everything looks correct. I'm ready to generate the response.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"arqueiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":18,"destinoId":16,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":2}},{"origemId":19,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":21,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"arqueiro":1}},{"origemId":22,"destinoId":21,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":2}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [21]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [17]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [20]
ACEITO envio [18]->[16]: 2S+2A (alvo neutra cavaleiro)
ACEITO envio [19]->[17]: 2A+1K
ACEITO envio [21]->[17]: 1A
ACEITO envio [22]->[21]: 1S+2A
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Attack Valencia from Castellon to expand territory. Send all troops from Pamplona and Tarragona to Zaragoza to prepare for the attack on Madrid next turn. Send troops from Barcelona to Tarragona to maintain its garrison. Build troops in all available villages to grow the army.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): We launch our attack on Valencia from Castellon, sending all available troops. To secure the next objective, Madrid, we are concentrating forces in Zaragoza by sending reinforcements from Pamplona and Tarragona. Barcelona sends troops to Tarragona to keep it strong. We are building across our empire to grow our army.
COMBATE [19] Pamplona: atacante B Fatk=14 (ef 14) Fdef=6 (ef 8) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~4
REFORCO [23] Girona dono B: 1S
REFORCO [18] Castellon dono B: 1A
placar: A 3 ald/tropas 4 | B 7 ald/tropas 4 | neutras 14 | transito 7 (A 3 | B 4)

########## TURNO 5 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3103 | resposta 9811 | raciocinio 7408 | finish stop | ms 98870
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 1, \"toId\": 3, \"troops\": {\"knight\": 3, \"archer\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 0, \"toId\": 3, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 3, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 2, \"toId\": 0, \"troops\": {\"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 4, \"toId\": 1, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 1, \"archer\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 5, \"toId\": 2, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 1, \"archer\": 1}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Consolidate forces towards the northern hub. Capture Coimbra this turn with the Santarem garrison, then reinforce it with troops from Lisboa next turn. Move all troops from the southern villages (Badajoz, Faro, Evora) to the main hubs (Lisboa, Santarem) to prepare for the next wave of expansions towards Porto and Salamanca. Build archers and spearmen in the resource-producing villages to grow the army.\",\n  \"statement\": \"Turn 5: We have consolidated our recent conquests of Badajoz and Faro. I am sending the elite knights from Santarem to capture Coimbra, the gateway to the north. The rest of the army is marching to reinforce our capital and the newly captured territories. We are building archers and spearmen to swell our ranks for the push into the unexplored lands. The campaign for the peninsula is underway!\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A and provide orders for the next turn based on the game state provided.

Let's analyze the current state:
- I am King A.
- I currently hold 5 of 24 villages (Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, Badajoz, Faro).
- To win, I need to hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.
- My current troops:
  - Lisboa: 7 at home (3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight available to send? Wait, the text says "troops at home: 7 / 300. AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight". Total available to send is 7. Let's look closely at the troop counts. Ah, "troops at home: 7 / 300" and "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight" means I have 3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight in Lisboa that I can send, or maybe some are building? No, "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" means the troops currently stationed there that can be marched).
  - Santarem: 5 at home (0 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight available to send).
  - Evora: 2 at home (0 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight available).
  - Badajoz: 2 at home (1 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight available).
  - Faro: 2 at home (1 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight available).
  - Total troops at home: 7 + 5 + 2 + 2 + 2 = 18.
  - Total available to send:
    - Spearman: 3 (Lisboa) + 1 (Badajoz) + 1 (Faro) = 5
    - Archer: 1 (Lisboa) + 2 (Santarem) + 1 (Evora) + 1 (Badajoz) + 1 (Faro) = 6
    - Knight: 3 (Lisboa) + 3 (Santarem) + 1 (Evora) = 7
    - Total: 5 + 6 + 7 = 18 troops.

Let's look at the resources:
- Lisboa: wood 50, iron 20. Cap 300. Troops at home: 7.
- Santarem: wood 40, iron 20. Cap 300. Troops at home: 5.
- Evora: wood 40, iron 20. Cap 300. Troops at home: 2.
- Badajoz: wood 0, iron 0. Cap 300. Troops at home: 2.
- Faro: wood 0, iron 0. Cap 300. Troops at home: 2.

Wait, resources are per village. Each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn.
Let's see what I can build.
Build costs:
- spearman: 15 wood + 0 iron.
- archer: 20 wood + 10 iron.
- knight: 30 wood + 30 iron.

Villages with resources:
- Lisboa: wood 50, iron 20.
  - Can build:
    - spearman: costs 15 wood. Can build up to 3 (uses 45 wood).
    - archer: costs 20 wood + 10 iron. Can build 2 (uses 40 wood, 20 iron).
    - knight: costs 30 wood + 30 iron. Cannot build because iron is only 20.
- Santarem: wood 40, iron 20.
  - Can build:
    - spearman: 15 wood. Can build 2 (30 wood).
    - archer: 20 wood + 10 iron. Can build 2 (40 wood, 20 iron).
    - knight: cannot build (needs 30 iron).
- Evora: wood 40, iron 20.
  - Can build:
    - spearman: 15 wood. Can build 2 (30 wood).
    - archer: 20 wood + 10 iron. Can build 2 (40 wood, 20 iron).
    - knight: cannot build.
- Badajoz: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build anything.
- Faro: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build anything.

Let's look at the neutral villages I can see:
- Coimbra (neutral): garrison 2 knights, defense 5. March from Santarem: 1 fast turn.
- Salamanca (neutral): garrison 4 spearmen, defense 10. March from Badajoz: 1 fast turn.
- Toledo (neutral): garrison 4 spearmen, defense 10. March from Badajoz: 1 fast turn.
- Sevilha (neutral): garrison 4 archers, defense 10. March from Badajoz: 1 fast turn.

Let's look at the road network:
- Lisboa: [1] Santarem, [2] Evora.
- Santarem: [0] Lisboa, [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz.
- Evora: [0] Lisboa, [5] Faro.
- Badajoz: [1] Santarem, [5] Faro, [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha.
- Faro: [2] Evora, [4] Badajoz, [9] Sevilha.

My current territory:
Lisboa (0), Santarem (1), Evora (2), Badajoz (4), Faro (5).
This forms a connected network:
Lisboa - Santarem - Badajoz - Faro - Evora - Lisboa (a loop).
Also, from Santarem, I can go to Coimbra (3).
From Badajoz, I can go to Salamanca (7), Toledo (8), Sevilha (9).
From Faro, I can go to Sevilha (9).

The enemy capital is Barcelona (22). The enemy is somewhere in the east/north-east (unexplored villages like Cordoba, Madrid, Zaragoza, Barcelona, etc.).
My goal is to expand and capture 18 villages.
Currently I have 5. I need 13 more.
The neutral villages nearby are:
- Coimbra (3): 2 knights, defense 5.
- Salamanca (7): 4 spearmen, defense 10.
- Toledo (8): 4 spearmen, defense 10.
- Sevilha (9): 4 archers, defense 10.

Let's calculate the march distances and combat effectiveness.
To attack Coimbra (3):
- From Santarem (1): 1 fast turn. So knights take 1 turn, archers 1 turn, spearmen 1 turn (wait, march from Santarem: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. This means it takes 1 turn for all of them because the distance is 1 unit of fast travel? Or is the distance 1 slow turn, which is also 1 medium and 1 fast? Usually "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast" means the distance is 1 step, so slow troops take 1 turn, medium 1 turn, fast 1 turn).
Let's check the march from Badajoz to Salamanca: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". This means the distance is such that slow troops take 2 turns, medium takes 1 turn, fast takes 1 turn.
So for Coimbra from Santarem: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" -> distance is 1 turn for fast/medium, 1 turn for slow. So everyone arrives in 1 turn.

Let's look at the troops I can send to Coimbra:
Coimbra defense: 5 (location bonus included). It has 2 knights.
If I send troops from Santarem: 2 archer, 3 knight.
Knights: attack 4, defense 2. Archer: attack 2, defense 2.
Enemy: 2 knights. Defense of knight is 2. In a village, defense counts x1.25. But the "effective defense (location bonus included): 5" is already given.
Wait, "effective defense (location bonus included): 5". How is this calculated?
Garrison: 2 knights. Knight defense is 2. 2 * 2 = 4 base defense. With village bonus x1.25, it's 5. Yes, 4 * 1.25 = 5.
So the defender has effective defense 5.
If I attack with 3 knights and 2 archers:
My attack power:
Most numerous type: knight (3). No tie, so knight is the main type.
Wait, "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
My army: 3 knight, 2 archer. Most numerous: knight.
Enemy army: 2 knights. Most numerous: knight.
Counter matchup: knight vs knight. No counter bonus.
My attack power:
Each knight has attack 4. 3 knights = 12 attack.
Each archer has attack 2. 2 archers = 4 attack.
Total attack = 12 + 4 = 16? Or does only the most numerous type attack?
"When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs."
So all my troops count their attack: 3 * 4 + 2 * 2 = 16.
Defender counts defense: effective defense is 5.
So 16 vs 5. I win easily.
But wait, how is the counter triangle applied?
"Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
If I have the counter, my force is multiplied by 1.5.
Here, knight vs knight, no counter.
What if I send spearmen? Spearman counters knight.
If I send spearmen as the most numerous type, and they fight knights, I get 1.5x.
But I don't have many spearmen. I have 3 in Lisboa, 1 in Badajoz, 1 in Faro.
If I send 3 spearman from Lisboa to Coimbra (via Santarem? No, Lisboa is connected to Santarem, and Santarem to Coimbra. So I'd have to send from Lisboa to Santarem first, then to Coimbra? Or can I send directly from Lisboa to Coimbra?
Road network: Lisboa [0] is connected to [1] Santarem. Santarem [1] is connected to [3] Coimbra.
So to go from Lisboa to Coimbra, the path is Lisboa -> Santarem -> Coimbra.
But Santarem is MY village. "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements."
"An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination."
Since Santarem is mine, the army would march Lisboa -> Santarem, and since Santarem is mine, does it stop there or continue to Coimbra?
"An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination."
This implies if I order from Lisboa to Coimbra, the path is Lisboa -> Santarem -> Coimbra. Santarem is mine, so it is NOT "not yours". It will pass through Santarem and stop at Coimbra (which is neutral).
Wait, "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So I can send from Lisboa to Coimbra, and from Santarem to Coimbra. They will arrive on the same turn but fight separately.
But the travel time:
From Lisboa to Coimbra: Lisboa to Santarem is 1 step, Santarem to Coimbra is 1 step. Total 2 steps.
From Santarem to Coimbra: 1 step.
So troops from Santarem arrive in 1 turn, troops from Lisboa arrive in 2 turns (or 1 turn if fast? Let's check the speed).
March from Lisboa to Santarem: what is the distance?
The report doesn't give the distance from Lisboa to Santarem, but they are connected.
Let's look at the march distances in the report:
- Coimbra: march from [1] Santarem: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- Salamanca: march from [4] Badajoz: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- Toledo: march from [4] Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- Sevilha: march from [4] Badajoz: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

I don't have the march distance from Lisboa to Santarem, but I can infer it's probably 1 or 2 steps.
If I want to attack Coimbra, I should send troops from Santarem because it's closest (1 turn).
I have 2 archers and 3 knights in Santarem.
If I send all of them: 3 knights, 2 archers.
Enemy in Coimbra: 2 knights, defense 5.
My attack: 3 knights (attack 4 each = 12) + 2 archers (attack 2 each = 4) = 16.
Enemy defense: 5.
Result: I win, take some losses, and capture Coimbra.
Let's see if I should also send from Lisboa.
Lisboa has 3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight.
If I send them to Coimbra, they will take longer to arrive. But the enemy will have reinforced? "Neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type."
We are on turn 5. So next turn (turn 6) is not a multiple of 5, so no hardening.
But if I attack Coimbra now, it has 2 knights.
If I send from Santarem, they arrive in 1 turn (turn 6) and fight.
If I also send from Lisboa, they arrive in 2 turns (turn 7). By then, Coimbra might be mine, so they would just reinforce it. Or if the first attack fails, the second attack arrives.
But sending from Santarem is enough to take it.
Let's look at other targets.
Salamanca (7): 4 spearmen, defense 10. March from Badajoz: 1 fast turn.
Toledo (8): 4 spearmen, defense 10. March from Badajoz: 1 fast turn.
Sevilha (9): 4 archers, defense 10. March from Badajoz: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. March from Faro: probably similar.

Let's look at my resources and what I can build.
I need to grow my army.
Currently, my villages with resources:
Lisboa: wood 50, iron 20.
Santarem: wood 40, iron 20.
Evora: wood 40, iron 20.
Badajoz and Faro have 0 resources because I just conquered them last turn ("You attacked [4] Badajoz: VICTORY, conquered ... You attacked [5] Faro: VICTORY, conquered ...").
Wait, "Each village you hold produces resources every turn".
So this turn (turn 5), Badajoz and Faro produced 0 because they had 0 at the start of the turn? Or do they produce at the end of the turn?
"Each village you hold produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn."
Usually, resources are added at the end of the turn or start of the next. The report says "wood 50 (+30/turn) | iron 20 (+20/turn)" for Lisboa, meaning it has 50 now, and will produce 30 next turn.
For Badajoz: "wood 0 (+30/turn) | iron 0 (+20/turn)". This means it has 0 now, and will produce 30 next turn.
So I cannot build in Badajoz or Faro this turn.
I can build in Lisboa, Santarem, Evora.

Let's plan the builds:
Lisboa: wood 50, iron 20.
- Can build 3 spearman (cost 45 wood).
- Can build 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron).
- Can build 0 knight (needs 30 iron).
Let's build 3 spearman and 1 archer in Lisboa.
Total cost: 45 wood + 20 wood = 65 wood? But I only have 50 wood!
Ah, "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."
So I can build EITHER 3 spearman (45 wood) OR 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) OR 2 spearman (30 wood) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 50 wood, 10 iron.
Let's build 2 spearman and 1 archer in Lisboa.
Cost: 30 wood + 20 wood = 50 wood, 10 iron. I have 50 wood, 20 iron. This is affordable.
Or I could build 3 spearman (45 wood) and have 5 wood left, but no iron used.
Let's build 2 spearman and 1 archer.

Santarem: wood 40, iron 20.
- Can build 2 spearman (30 wood).
- Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
- Can build 1 spearman (15 wood) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 35 wood, 10 iron.
Let's build 2 archers in Santarem.
Cost: 40 wood, 20 iron. I have 40 wood, 20 iron. Perfect.

Evora: wood 40, iron 20.
- Can build 2 spearman (30 wood).
- Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
Let's build 2 archers in Evora.
Cost: 40 wood, 20 iron. I have 40 wood, 20 iron. Perfect.

Wait, why build archers instead of knights? I don't have enough iron to build knights (need 30 iron per knight, I only have 20 iron in each village).
So archers and spearmen are the way to go.
Let's check if I should build spearmen instead.
Spearmen cost 15 wood, 0 iron. Archers cost 20 wood, 10 iron.
Archers have attack 2, defense 2. Spearmen have attack 1, defense 2.
Archers are better offensively.
But spearmen counter knights. The enemy capital has knights? "The enemy capital is the hardest single target on the map; taking it is NOT required to win."
Neutral villages: Coimbra has 2 knights. Salamanca, Toledo have 4 spearmen. Sevilha has 4 archers.
If I want to take Coimbra (knights), spearmen are useful. But I already have knights to fight knights.
Let's build a mix.
In Lisboa: 2 spearman, 1 archer.
In Santarem: 2 archers.
In Evora: 2 archers.
Total new troops: 2 spearman, 5 archers.
This will give me more archers, which are versatile.

Let's look at movements.
I need to capture villages to reach 18.
Currently I have 5. I need 13 more.
The visible neutrals are Coimbra (3), Salamanca (7), Toledo (8), Sevilha (9). That's 4 villages.
If I capture these 4, I will have 9.
Then I need to explore and capture more.
The unexplored villages are:
[6] Porto, [10] Vigo, [11] Cordoba, [13] Teruel, [12] Madrid, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza, [16] Valencia, [15] Murcia, [18] Castellon, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona, [23] Girona.
That's 15 villages. 9 + 9 = 18. So I need to capture 9 of the unexplored ones, plus the 4 neutrals, to reach 18 (5 + 4 + 9 = 18).
Wait, 5 (current) + 4 (neutrals) + 9 (unexplored) = 18. Yes.
So I need to expand into the unexplored territory.
To do that, I need to move through the neutrals.
Road network:
- Coimbra (3) connects to Porto (6) and Salamanca (7).
- Salamanca (7) connects to Madrid (12).
- Toledo (8) connects to Cordoba (11) and Madrid (12) and Teruel (13).
- Sevilha (9) connects to Cordoba (11).
So capturing Coimbra, Salamanca, Toledo, Sevilha will open up the roads to the rest of the map.

Let's plan the attacks for this turn.
I can attack Coimbra from Santarem.
I can attack Salamanca, Toledo, Sevilha from Badajoz.
But I need to split my forces.
Let's look at the garrisons of the neutrals:
- Coimbra: 2 knights, defense 5.
- Salamanca: 4 spearmen, defense 10.
- Toledo: 4 spearmen, defense 10.
- Sevilha: 4 archers, defense 10.

Let's calculate the force needed to take each.
Coimbra: 2 knights, defense 5.
If I send from Santarem: 3 knights, 2 archers.
Attack: 3*4 + 2*2 = 16. Defense: 5. Win.
But I need to keep some troops in Santarem for defense? Santarem has defense 13. If I send all troops, defense becomes 0 (or whatever is left).
Wait, "troops at home: 5 / 300. AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight".
If I send all 5, Santarem has 0 troops left.
Is that safe? "INTERIOR (no enemy border)". So no enemy can attack it directly unless they march through other villages.
But it's better to keep some troops.
However, I need to expand quickly.
Let's send 2 knights and 1 archer from Santarem to Coimbra.
Attack: 2*4 + 1*2 = 10. Defense: 5. Still wins, but with less margin.
Actually, if I send 3 knights and 1 archer: attack 14. Defense 5. Win.
Let's send 3 knights and 1 archer from Santarem to Coimbra.
Remaining in Santarem: 1 archer.

What about Badajoz?
Badajoz has: 1 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight.
I can send them to attack Salamanca, Toledo, or Sevilha.
But 1 spearman and 1 archer is very weak.
Attack: 1*1 + 1*2 = 3.
Salamanca defense: 10. I will lose.
So I should reinforce Badajoz first, or attack a weaker target.
Wait, can I send troops from Lisboa to Badajoz?
Lisboa is connected to Santarem, Santarem to Badajoz.
So Lisboa -> Santarem -> Badajoz.
If I send from Lisboa to Badajoz, they will pass through Santarem (mine) and arrive at Badajoz (mine) as reinforcements.
Travel time: Lisboa to Santarem (1 turn?), Santarem to Badajoz (1 turn?). Total 2 turns?
Let's check the march from Santarem to Badajoz. It's not listed, but they are connected.
If I send from Lisboa to Badajoz, they arrive in 2 turns. Too slow to help this turn.
Can I send from Santarem to Badajoz?
Santarem has 1 archer left if I send 3 knights and 1 archer to Coimbra.
I can send that 1 archer to Badajoz. It will arrive in 1 turn.
But Badajoz still needs troops to attack.
What if I don't attack from Badajoz this turn, but just reinforce it?
Or, I can attack Toledo from Badajoz with 1 spearman and 1 archer? No, defense 10, attack 3. I'd get crushed.
So I should not attack from Badajoz this turn.
Instead, I should focus on Coimbra, which is weaker (defense 5).
And maybe send troops from Lisboa to Coimbra to arrive later.
Let's see: Lisboa to Coimbra.
Path: Lisboa -> Santarem -> Coimbra.
If I send from Lisboa to Coimbra, they will arrive in 2 turns (assuming 1 turn per step).
I can send 3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight from Lisboa to Coimbra.
But wait, if I send them to Coimbra, they will march Lisboa -> Santarem -> Coimbra.
Since Santarem is mine, they pass through.
But if I send them to Coimbra, they will arrive on turn 7.
On turn 6, the troops from Santarem attack Coimbra and hopefully capture it.
If they capture it, on turn 7 the troops from Lisboa arrive at Coimbra (now mine) and reinforce it.
This is a good strategy: use the first wave to capture, second wave to reinforce.

Let's check if I can send troops from Lisboa to Coimbra directly.
"movements": [ {"fromId": 0, "toId": 3, "troops": {...}} ]
Yes, I can order from Lisboa (0) to Coimbra (3). The game will handle the pathfinding.

Let's review the available troops in Lisboa:
"AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight"
I can send all of them to Coimbra.
But Lisboa is my capital. I should keep some troops there for defense?
Lisboa defense is 21. If I send all 7 troops, defense drops to 0 (or whatever the village base defense is).
Actually, "effective defense (location bonus included): 21". This probably includes the troops stationed there.
If I send all troops, the defense will drop significantly.
But Lisboa is "INTERIOR (no enemy border)". So it's safe for now.
Still, it's good practice to keep some.
Let's send 2 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight from Lisboa to Coimbra.
Keep 1 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight in Lisboa.
Wait, if I build new troops this turn, they will be ready next turn.
The builds I planned:
Lisboa: 2 spearman, 1 archer.
Santarem: 2 archers.
Evora: 2 archers.
These will be ready at the start of turn 6.
So the troops available to send NOW are the ones currently at home.
Let's decide on the movements:
Wave 1 (arrives turn 6): from Santarem (1) to Coimbra (3).
Troops: 3 knights, 1 archer. (Leaving 1 archer in Santarem).
Wave 2 (arrives turn 7): from Lisboa (0) to Coimbra (3).
Troops: 3 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knights. (Leaving 1 spearman, 1 knight in Lisboa).
Wave 3 (arrives turn 6 or 7): from Evora (2) to ... where?
Evora is connected to Lisboa and Faro.
I can send troops from Evora to Faro or Lisboa, or to Sevilha via Faro?
Road network: Evora [2] -> Faro [5] -> Sevilha [9].
So I can send from Evora to Sevilha.
But Sevilha has defense 10 (4 archers).
If I send from Evora: 1 archer, 1 knight. Attack: 2 + 4 = 6. Defense 10. Lose.
So I should reinforce Evora or send to Faro.
Actually, I want to capture Sevilha. But I need more troops.
Let's send the Evora troops to Faro (5) to reinforce it, and then next turn they can go to Sevilha.
Or send them to Lisboa to reinforce the capital.
Let's send Evora's 1 archer and 1 knight to Lisboa (0). They will arrive in 1 turn (Evora -> Lisboa).
This reinforces the capital.

What about Badajoz (4) and Faro (5)?
They have 1 spearman, 1 archer each.
I can send them to nearby neutrals, but they are too weak.
I can send them to each other? Badajoz to Faro or Faro to Badajoz. That doesn't help.
I can send them to Santarem or Lisboa to consolidate?
But they are already connected.
Let's send Badajoz's 1 spearman and 1 archer to Toledo (8)? No, too weak.
Let's just keep them in Badajoz and Faro for now, or send them to Santarem/Lisboa.
Actually, Badajoz is close to Salamanca, Toledo, Sevilha.
If I send Badajoz's troops to Santarem, they can join the main army.
Let's send Badajoz's 1 spearman and 1 archer to Santarem (1).
Path: Badajoz -> Santarem. Arrives in 1 turn.
And Faro's 1 spearman and 1 archer to Lisboa (0) or Evora (2)?
Path: Faro -> Evora -> Lisboa. Or Faro -> Badajoz -> Santarem.
Let's send Faro's troops to Evora (2). Arrives in 1 turn. Then next turn to Lisboa.
Or send Faro's troops to Sevilha (9) to scout? No, they'd fight and lose.
Let's consolidate my forces towards the north/east.
My main army is in Santarem/Lisboa.
I want to capture Coimbra (3) first.
Coimbra leads to Porto (6) and Salamanca (7).
Porto leads to Vigo (10) and Burgos (14).
Salamanca leads to Madrid (12).
So Coimbra is a key hub.

Let's refine the plan:
Builds:
- Lisboa: 2 spearman, 1 archer. (Cost: 30 wood, 10 iron. Remaining: 20 wood, 10 iron).
- Santarem: 2 archers. (Cost: 40 wood, 20 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 0 iron).
- Evora: 2 archers. (Cost: 40 wood, 20 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 0 iron).

Movements:
- From Santarem (1) to Coimbra (3): 3 knights, 1 archer.
  (Arrives turn 6, attacks Coimbra).
- From Lisboa (0) to Coimbra (3): 3 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knights.
  (Arrives turn 7, reinforces Coimbra).
- From Evora (2) to Lisboa (0): 1 archer, 1 knight.
  (Arrives turn 6, reinforces capital).
- From Badajoz (4) to Santarem (1): 1 spearman, 1 archer.
  (Arrives turn 6, joins Santarem).
- From Faro (5) to Evora (2): 1 spearman, 1 archer.
  (Arrives turn 6, then can move to Lisboa on turn 7).

Wait, why send Faro to Evora and then Lisboa? Just to move them into the main blob.
Is there a better use for Faro's troops?
Faro is connected to Sevilha (9).
If I send Faro's troops to Sevilha, they will fight 4 archers (defense 10) with 1 spearman, 1 archer (attack 3). They will die.
So don't send them to an enemy/neutral they can't beat.
Sending them to Evora is safe (Evora is mine).

Let's double check the troop counts and available to send.
Lisboa: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight"
If I send 3 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight to Coimbra, I have 1 knight left.
Wait, I said "3 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight". That leaves 1 knight in Lisboa.
Santarem: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight"
If I send 3 knights, 1 archer to Coimbra, I have 1 archer left.
Evora: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight"
If I send 1 archer, 1 knight to Lisboa, I have 0 left.
Badajoz: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 1 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight"
Send 1 spearman, 1 archer to Santarem. 0 left.
Faro: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 1 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight"
Send 1 spearman, 1 archer to Evora. 0 left.

Let's check the total troops sent:
To Coimbra: 3 spearman, 2 archer, 5 knights.
To Lisboa: 1 archer, 1 knight.
To Santarem: 1 spearman, 1 archer.
To Evora: 1 spearman, 1 archer.
Total sent: 5 spearman, 6 archer, 7 knight.
This matches the total available to send (18 troops).
All troops are moved out of the minor villages (Badajoz, Faro, Evora) into the main hubs (Lisboa, Santarem, Coimbra).
This is a good consolidation.

Let's review the combat at Coimbra.
Coimbra garrison: 2 knights. Effective defense: 5.
Wave 1 from Santarem: 3 knights, 1 archer.
Attack: 3*4 + 1*2 = 14.
Defense: 5.
Result: Victory. Coimbra captured.
Losses: The attacker takes losses against the defender's effective force.
"The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
Attacker force: 14. Defender force: 5.
Attacker losses: proportional to defender's force? Usually, losses are a fraction.
But since 14 > 5, I win and capture the village.
The troops from Santarem will suffer some losses but survive.
Then on turn 7, the Wave 2 from Lisboa arrives at Coimbra (now mine) and reinforces it.
This is a solid plan.

Let's write the "plan" and "statement".

Plan:
"Consolidate forces towards the northern hub. Capture Coimbra this turn with the Santarem garrison, then reinforce it with troops from Lisboa next turn. Move all troops from the southern villages (Badajoz, Faro, Evora) to the main hubs (Lisboa, Santarem) to prepare for the next wave of expansions towards Porto and Salamanca. Build archers and spearmen in the resource-producing villages to grow the army."

Statement:
"Turn 5: We have consolidated our recent conquests of Badajoz and Faro. I am sending the elite knights from Santarem to capture Coimbra, the gateway to the north. The rest of the army is marching to reinforce our capital and the newly captured territories. We are building archers and spearmen to swell our ranks for the push into the unexplored lands. The campaign for the peninsula is underway!"

Let's check the JSON format.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 1, "toId": 3, "troops": {"knight": 3, "archer": 1}},
    {"fromId": 0, "toId": 3, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 1, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 2, "toId": 0, "troops": {"archer": 1, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 4, "toId": 1, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 1}},
    {"fromId": 5, "toId": 2, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 1}}
  ],
  "plan": "...",
  "statement": "..."
}

Let's double check the build costs and village resources.
Lisboa: wood 50, iron 20.
Build 2 spearman (30 wood) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
Total: 50 wood, 10 iron. Matches resources.
Santarem: wood 40, iron 20.
Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Matches resources.
Evora: wood 40, iron 20.
Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Matches resources.

Are there any other villages I can build in?
Badajoz: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.
Faro: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.
So builds are correct.

Let's check the movements again.
From 1 (Santarem) to 3 (Coimbra): 3 knights, 1 archer.
From 0 (Lisboa) to 3 (Coimbra): 3 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knights.
From 2 (Evora) to 0 (Lisboa): 1 archer, 1 knight.
From 4 (Badajoz) to 1 (Santarem): 1 spearman, 1 archer.
From 5 (Faro) to 2 (Evora): 1 spearman, 1 archer.

Wait, is it better to send Faro's troops to Badajoz instead of Evora?
Faro -> Badajoz -> Santarem.
If I send Faro to Badajoz, they arrive in 1 turn. Then from Badajoz to Santarem on turn 7.
If I send Faro to Evora, they arrive in 1 turn. Then Evora to Lisboa on turn 7.
Either way is fine. Evora to Lisboa is a shorter path to the capital.
Let's keep Faro to Evora.

Is there any risk of the enemy attacking my villages?
"INTERIOR (no enemy border)" for all my villages.
So no immediate threat.
The enemy is far away (Barcelona).
So I have time to consolidate.

Let's review the "plan" text length.
"Consolidate forces towards the northern hub. Capture Coimbra this turn with the Santarem garrison, then reinforce it with troops from Lisboa next turn. Move all troops from the southern villages (Badajoz, Faro, Evora) to the main hubs (Lisboa, Santarem) to prepare for the next wave of expansions towards Porto and Salamanca. Build archers and spearmen in the resource-producing villages to grow the army."
This is around 500 characters, well under the 600 character limit.

Let's review the "statement" text.
"Turn 5: We have consolidated our recent conquests of Badajoz and Faro. I am sending the elite knights from Santarem to capture Coimbra, the gateway to the north. The rest of the army is marching to reinforce our capital and the newly captured territories. We are building archers and spearmen to swell our ranks for the push into the unexplored lands. The campaign for the peninsula is underway!"
This is 4 lines, fits the requirement.

Let's do a final check on the JSON structure.
The fields are:
"build": list of objects with "villageId", "type", "quantity".
"movements": list of objects with "fromId", "toId", "troops" (object with troop types and quantities).
"plan": string.
"statement": string.

Everything looks correct and follows the rules.
I will output the JSON now.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":1,"destinoId":3,"tropas":{"cavaleiro":3,"arqueiro":1}},{"origemId":0,"destinoId":3,"tropas":{"lanceiro":3,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":2,"destinoId":0,"tropas":{"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":4,"destinoId":1,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":1}},{"origemId":5,"destinoId":2,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":1}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO envio [1]->[3]: 1A+3K (alvo neutra cavaleiro)
ACEITO envio [0]->[3]: 3S+1A+2K (alvo neutra cavaleiro)
ACEITO envio [2]->[0]: 1A+1K
ACEITO envio [4]->[1]: 1S+1A
ACEITO envio [5]->[2]: 1S+1A
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Consolidate forces towards the northern hub. Capture Coimbra this turn with the Santarem garrison, then reinforce it with troops from Lisboa next turn. Move all troops from the southern villages (Badajoz, Faro, Evora) to the main hubs (Lisboa, Santarem) to prepare for the next wave of expansions towards Porto and Salamanca. Build archers and spearmen in the resource-producing villages to grow the army.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): Turn 5: We have consolidated our recent conquests of Badajoz and Faro. I am sending the elite knights from Santarem to capture Coimbra, the gateway to the north. The rest of the army is marching to reinforce our capital and the newly captured territories. We are building archers and spearmen to swell our ranks for the push into the unexplored lands. The campaign for the peninsula is underway!
########## TURNO 5 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3320 | resposta 25506 | raciocinio 22176 | finish stop | ms 276314
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 17, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 4, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 21, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 23, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 3, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 18, \"toId\": 16, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 20, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 22, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Attack Madrid with Zaragoza's 4 archers to secure a neutral village and gain western intel. Reinforce Zaragoza with troops from Tarragona, Girona, Huesca, and Barcelona to rebuild its army. Build archers and spearmen across all available villages to prepare for attacks on Teruel, Murcia, and Burgos next turn. Next turn, explore west from Madrid and decide whether to take Teruel or push into enemy territory.\",\n  \"statement\": \"King B's armies move on Madrid! Four archers from Zaragoza storm the neutral city, seeking to expand our dominion and uncover the enemy's secrets. Reinforcements from Tarragona, Girona, Huesca, and Barcelona march to Zaragoza to keep our war machine strong. Our builders work day and night, forging archers, spearmen, and knights to swell our ranks. The kingdom grows!\"\n}"
raciocinio: We need to produce a JSON object with fields: build, movements, plan, statement.

We are King B, holding 8 villages. Goal: hold 18 of 24 for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. Currently 8/24. Enemy capital is Lisboa (0) but not required.

We have 8 villages: Barcelona (22), Tarragona (21), Girona (23), Castellon (18), Zaragoza (17), Huesca (20), Valencia (16), Pamplona (19). Total troops at home: 22 soldiers (9 spearman, 9 archer, 4 knight). Available to send: each village lists available troops.

We also see 4 neutral villages: Teruel (13), Madrid (12), Murcia (15), Burgos (14). They have garrisons of 4 spearmen, 4 spearmen, 4 archers, 4 knights respectively. Effective defense 10 each.

We need to decide builds and movements.

Economy: each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. We need to check resources for building. Each village's resource amounts are given: e.g., Barcelona wood 30, iron 40; Tarragona wood 35, iron 40; etc. We can build troops as long as village has enough resources. Costs: spearman 15 wood, 0 iron; archer 20 wood, 10 iron; knight 30 wood, 30 iron.

We need to check each village's resources and see what we can build. Also cap: when number of troops at home reaches 300, stops building. Our villages have low numbers, so no issue.

We need to plan to expand. We have 8 villages, need 18. So we need to conquer 10 more villages (or eliminate enemy villages). There are 24 total villages: we have 8, neutral 4 (12,13,14,15), enemy unknown (12 unexplored). The enemy capital is Lisboa, but there are many enemy villages presumably in the west. We need to expand.

Given our position, we have a cluster in the east (Catalonia/Valencia). Neutral villages: Madrid (12) connected to Zaragoza (17) and others; Teruel (13) connected to Valencia (16), Castellon (18), Zaragoza (17); Murcia (15) connected to Valencia (16); Burgos (14) connected to Pamplona (19). So we can attack these neutrals to gain territory. Also from there we can push west towards enemy.

We need to decide which neutral to attack first. We have troops available. Let's list available troops per village:

Barcelona (22): 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. (total 1 knight)
Tarragona (21): 2 spearman, 3 archer, 0 knight.
Girona (23): 3 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight.
Castellon (18): 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight.
Zaragoza (17): 1 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight.
Huesca (20): 0 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight.
Valencia (16): 1 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight.
Pamplona (19): 0 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight.

Total available: spearman: 2+3+2+1+1 = 9? Let's sum: Tarragona 2, Girona 3, Castellon 2, Zaragoza 1, Valencia 1 = 9 spearman. Archer: Tarragona 3, Zaragoza 4, Huesca 1, Valencia 1 = 9 archer. Knight: Barcelona 1, Girona 1, Zaragoza 2 = 4 knight. That matches total 22 soldiers.

We can send troops from multiple villages to attack a neutral. But remember: troops from different villages fight separately, one at a time. So sending from multiple villages to same target may be risky because they fight sequentially, and if the first wave fails, the second wave may face fresh defenders? Actually, the combat resolves per send. The defender's garrison is fixed? The neutral villages have a garrison (4 spearmen etc). When you attack, you fight the garrison. If you win, you capture the village. If you lose, your army is destroyed. The garrison presumably remains? Actually, when you attack a neutral village, you fight its garrison. If you win, you take the village, and the garrison is eliminated. If you lose, your army is destroyed, and the garrison remains. There is no reinforcement during battle. So sending multiple waves sequentially: first wave fights garrison; if it wins, village is captured, subsequent waves would arrive at a friendly village (no fight). If first wave loses, second wave would fight the same garrison (assuming it hasn't been reinforced). But the garrison might have been reinforced by neutral hardening? The report says neutral villages harden every 5 turns, gaining +1 troop of its own type. It's turn 5, so they might have hardened? The report says effective defense was 8, 4 turns ago, now 10. So they have hardened? Actually, they gained +1? They had 4 troops, now effective defense 10. The defense includes location bonus. We don't know exact garrison size, but likely still 4? The hardening adds +1 troop every 5 turns. Since it's turn 5, they might have just hardened? But the report says "was 8, 4 turns ago", so they might have increased. We'll assume garrison is as listed: 4 spearmen, etc. But effective defense 10 includes location bonus. For neutral villages, location bonus? They are villages, so defense x1.25? The effective defense given is 10. We need to compute our attack power to beat them.

Combat rules: When attacking, your troops count their ATTACK; defender counts DEFENSE. Counter triangle: spearman counters knight (x1.5), archer counters spearman (x1.5), knight counters archer (x1.5). The most numerous type sets the counter matchup. If tie, order spearman, archer, knight. So we need to choose troops to counter their garrison.

Neutral villages:
Teruel (13): garrison 4 spearmen. Effective defense 10. To counter spearmen, we need archers (archer counters spearman). So we should send archers. If we send archers, our attack is multiplied by 1.5. We need to beat defense 10. Attack power: each archer has attack 2. So if we send N archers, total attack = 2N * 1.5 = 3N. Need 3N > 10? Actually, the side with higher effective force wins. Effective force = attack (after counter) vs defense. Defender's effective defense is given as 10 (already includes location bonus). So we need our effective attack > 10. If we send archers, effective attack = (2 * N) * 1.5 = 3N. So need 3N > 10 => N >= 4 (3*3=9 <10, 3*4=12 >10). So we need at least 4 archers to beat Teruel. But we can also send a mix? If we send mixed, the most numerous type sets counter. If we send 3 archers and 1 knight, most numerous is archer, counter vs spearman (x1.5). Then attack: archers 3*2=6, knight 4, total 10, times 1.5 = 15 >10. But careful: the counter multiplier applies to the whole force? The rule: "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It says "your force" - likely total attack. So yes, if we have counter, total attack *1.5. So we could send 3 archers + 1 knight: total base attack = 3*2 + 4 = 10, times 1.5 = 15 >10. But we need to consider that the most numerous type must be the counter. If we send 3 archers and 1 knight, archers are most numerous, so we get archer vs spearman counter (x1.5). That works. But we also need to consider that the defender's defense is 10. So we win. However, we also suffer losses. The winner takes losses against the loser's effective force. So we will lose some troops. We need to see if we can afford it.

Alternatively, we could send just archers. We have 9 archers available total. We could send 4 archers from one village. But we need to check which villages have archers. Tarragona has 3, Zaragoza has 4, Huesca 1, Valencia 1. So Zaragoza can send 4 archers. Or we could combine from multiple villages, but they fight separately. So better to send from one village a stack that can win.

Similarly, Madrid (12): garrison 4 spearmen, defense 10. Same situation.
Murcia (15): garrison 4 archers, defense 10. To counter archers, we need knights (knight counters archer). So we need knights. We have knights in Barcelona (1), Girona (1), Zaragoza (2). Total 4 knights. If we send knights, base attack 4 each. Counter vs archer gives x1.5. So effective attack per knight = 4*1.5 = 6. Need total >10. 2 knights give 12 >10. So 2 knights suffice. But we need to send from one village. Zaragoza has 2 knights, so can send 2 knights to Murcia. Or Barcelona 1 + Girona 1, but they fight separately. So better to send from Zaragoza 2 knights.

Burgos (14): garrison 4 knights, defense 10. To counter knights, we need spearmen (spearman counters knight). We have spearmen: Tarragona 2, Girona 3, Castellon 2, Zaragoza 1, Valencia 1. Total 9. Need spearmen to counter. Spearman attack 1, counter x1.5 => 1.5 per spearman. Need >10 => need 7 spearmen (7*1.5=10.5). But we can also mix? If we send 6 spearmen + something, but most numerous must be spearman. 6 spearmen give 9, not enough. 7 spearmen give 10.5 >10. So we need 7 spearmen. But we don't have 7 spearmen in one village. Max in one village: Girona has 3, Tarragona 2, etc. So we would need to send from multiple villages, but they fight separately. So attacking Burgos with spearmen from one village is not possible because no village has 7 spearmen. We could send a mixed stack where most numerous is spearman but we have enough total attack. For example, if we send 6 spearmen + 2 archers? Most numerous is spearman (6 vs 2), so counter vs knight (x1.5). Total base attack = 6*1 + 2*2 = 10, times 1.5 = 15 >10. So we could win with 6 spearmen + 2 archers. But do we have that many in one village? Girona has 3 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. Tarragona has 2 spearman, 3 archer. So Tarragona could send 2 spearman + 3 archers: most numerous is archer (3 vs 2), so counter would be archer vs spearman? Actually, defender is knight, so archer does not counter knight. The counter triangle: archer counters spearman, spearman counters knight, knight counters archer. If we send archers against knights, no counter. So we need the most numerous type to be the one that counters the defender. For Burgos (knights), we need most numerous to be spearman. So we need more spearmen than any other type. In Tarragona, we have 2 spearman and 3 archer. If we send both, archers are more numerous, so no counter (or counter vs spearman, which is irrelevant). So we would lose the multiplier. Then effective attack = total attack = 2*1 + 3*2 = 8, which is less than defense 10, so we lose. So we need a stack where spearmen are the largest group. We could send from Girona: 3 spearman + 0 archer + 1 knight? That's 3 spearman, 1 knight. Most numerous is spearman (3 vs 1), so counter vs knight (x1.5). Total base attack = 3*1 + 4 = 7, times 1.5 = 10.5 >10. So Girona can send 3 spearman + 1 knight and win. But we need to check if Girona has that many available: it has 3 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. Yes. So Girona could attack Burgos with 3 spearman + 1 knight. That would win. But we also have Castellon with 2 spearman, etc. Could also combine from multiple villages? They fight separately, so not good.

Alternatively, we could attack Burgos later with more spearmen. But we need to expand.

We also need to consider building more troops. We have resources. Let's check each village's resources and what we can build.

We need to decide on a strategy. We have 8 villages, need 10 more. The neutral villages are 4, so if we take all 4, we'd have 12. Then we need 6 more from enemy. The enemy has 12 villages (including capital). We need to find and attack them.

But we also need to hold 18 for 2 consecutive turns. So we need to expand quickly.

Given our troop availability, we can attack some neutrals this turn. We can also build troops to reinforce.

Let's list each village's resources and possible builds:

Barcelona: wood 30, iron 40. Can build: spearman (15 wood) -> 2 max (30 wood), archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaves 10 wood, 30 iron; could also build knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 0 wood, 10 iron. So we can build 1 knight or 1 archer + something? Actually, we can build multiple types as long as resources allow. We have 30 wood, 40 iron. Options: 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron) leaving 0 wood, 40 iron; or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 30 iron; then we could also build 1 spearman? 10 wood not enough for spearman (15). So 1 archer + 0 spearman. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 0 wood, 10 iron. Or 1 archer + 1 spearman? 20+15=35 wood >30, no. So best: either 2 spearman, or 1 archer, or 1 knight. Since we already have many spearman and archers, maybe build knights? Knights are expensive but powerful. We might want to build knights for offensive power. But we need to consider that we have limited iron. Barcelona iron 40, but building knight uses 30 iron. We might want to save iron for archers? Actually, archers need iron too. Let's see overall economy.

We need to produce resources each turn. Each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron. So total per turn from all 8: 240 wood, 160 iron. But resources are per village, so we must consider each village's stock.

We can order builds for each village. We should build troops that we need for attacks. We are planning to attack neutrals. For Teruel and Madrid (spearmen), we need archers. For Murcia (archers), we need knights. For Burgos (knights), we need spearmen (or mixed with spearman majority). So we need a mix.

We also need to defend our villages? They are interior, no enemy border, so safe for now.

Let's decide on attacks for this turn. We can attack one or more neutrals. Since orders are simultaneous, we can order multiple attacks from different villages. But remember: each send fights alone. So we can attack multiple neutrals at once if we have troops.

We should try to capture as many as possible. We have troops to capture Teruel, Madrid, Murcia, Burgos? Let's see if we can capture all four this turn.

For Teruel (13): from Valencia (16) march 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn. Actually, march from Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. That means if we send troops from Valencia, they arrive in 1 turn if fast, but mixed speed? The report says "march from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means travel time: if sending slow troops, 1 turn; medium, 1 turn; fast, 1 turn? Actually, it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" meaning it takes 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast? That seems all 1 turn. Probably because distance is short. So we can reach Teruel in 1 turn from Valencia. Similarly, from Zaragoza to Madrid: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. From Valencia to Murcia: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. From Pamplona to Burgos: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So all these neutrals are 1 turn away from our villages.

So we can order attacks now, and they will arrive next turn (turn 6) and fight. But we need to consider that the enemy also moves and builds. But we are in fog, so we don't know enemy moves. We should just attack.

We need to assign troops to each attack. We must ensure each attacking stack can win against the garrison. We also need to consider that after we win, we capture the village and our troops suffer losses. The losses are attrition against the loser's effective force. The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So we will lose some troops. How many? It says "attrition against the loser's effective force". The loser's effective force is their attack? Or defense? In combat, attacker counts attack, defender counts defense. The loser's effective force is the lower one? Actually, it says: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER. The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So the winner suffers losses equal to the loser's effective force? Or some proportion? It doesn't specify exactly. In many such games, losses are equal to the loser's effective force divided by something? We need to interpret. The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." Probably means the winner's losses are equal to the loser's effective force (or a fraction). But we don't know. We'll assume that the winner loses troops equal to the loser's effective force? That would be devastating. But likely it's a fraction. Since it's not specified, we might assume that the winner loses some troops, but we can't quantify. We'll just accept some losses.

Given that, we should aim to win with minimal losses by using counters and overwhelming force.

Let's plan attacks:

1. Teruel (13): garrison 4 spearmen, defense 10. We need archers. We have archers in several villages. Best to send from a village with many archers. Zaragoza has 4 archers, but Zaragoza is also needed for Madrid? We can send from Zaragoza to Madrid, and from Valencia to Teruel? Valencia has 1 archer, not enough. Tarragona has 3 archers, but Tarragona is far from Teruel? Tarragona is connected to Zaragoza, etc. To attack Teruel, we must march from a village along the road. Teruel is connected to [8] Toledo, [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon. So we can attack from Valencia, Zaragoza, or Castellon. Castellon has 0 archers. Zaragoza has 4 archers. Valencia has 1 archer. So best to use Zaragoza's archers for Teruel? But Zaragoza is also the closest to Madrid. We could send Zaragoza's archers to Madrid instead, and use Valencia's troops for Teruel? But Valencia has only 1 archer, not enough. We could send a mixed stack from Valencia: 1 archer + some spearman? But spearman don't counter spearmen. If we send 1 archer + 1 spearman, most numerous? 1 vs 1, tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So spearman would be considered more numerous? The rule: "ties break in the order spearman, archer, knight." So if we have 1 spearman and 1 archer, the tie break makes spearman the most numerous? That would be bad because spearman does not counter spearmen. So we need to avoid ties. We need a clear majority of the counter type.

So for Teruel, we need archers as most numerous. We could send from Zaragoza: 4 archers. That would win (effective attack 4*2*1.5=12 >10). Or we could send from Tarragona: 3 archers, but Tarragona is not directly connected to Teruel. Tarragona is connected to Zaragoza, etc. To attack Teruel from Tarragona, we'd have to march through Zaragoza? But armies stop at the first village not yours. If we send from Tarragona to Teruel, they would march along roads: Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> Teruel? Actually, road network: Tarragona [21] connected to [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [22] Barcelona. To get to Teruel [13], from Tarragona, you'd go to Zaragoza then to Teruel? But Zaragoza is ours, so they would pass through? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination. You cannot march past an enemy or neutral village to hit one behind it." Since Zaragoza is ours, they would not stop there; they would continue. But they would have to travel through Zaragoza, which is friendly, so they can pass. However, the march distance would be longer. The report gives march distances from specific villages. For Teruel, it only lists march from Valencia: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. It doesn't list from Zaragoza or Castellon. But we can infer: from Zaragoza to Teruel is likely also 1 turn? Zaragoza is connected to Teruel directly? Road network: [17] Zaragoza connected to [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona. So yes, Zaragoza is directly connected to Teruel. So march from Zaragoza to Teruel would be similar distance. But the report only shows "march from [16] Valencia" for Teruel. That might be because it's the nearest? Actually, the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" section lists for each neutral the march distance from your nearest village. For Teruel, it says march from [16] Valencia: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So from Valencia it's 1 turn. From Zaragoza, it might be 1 or 2? We need to check the road network: Zaragoza to Teruel is a direct road? [17] Zaragoza - [13] Teruel is listed. So it's directly connected. The distance in terms of travel time might be similar. But we don't have the exact travel time from Zaragoza. The report only gives the nearest. We can assume that if we send from Zaragoza, it will also take some turns. But we can order from any of our villages. We need to know the travel time to decide when they arrive. Since it's simultaneous, we order now, they march, and arrive next turn? If it takes more than 1 turn, they arrive later. We need to see the travel time from each origin. The report doesn't give travel times for all origins, only the nearest. But we can estimate based on the road network: the map is not to scale, but the travel time is given in turns per speed. The report says "march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns" as an example. For our neutrals, it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" from the nearest. That suggests that from that origin, all troop types take 1 turn. So if we send from that origin, they arrive next turn. If we send from a different origin, it might take longer. We should probably use the nearest origin to minimize travel time.

For Teruel, nearest is Valencia (16). But Valencia has only 1 archer. Not enough. Next nearest? Zaragoza (17) is also connected. We need to know travel time from Zaragoza. We can look at the road network: Zaragoza to Teruel is a direct link. The distance might be similar to Valencia to Teruel? Valencia to Teruel is via road: [16] Valencia - [13] Teruel is direct? Actually, road network: [16] Valencia connected to [13] Teruel, [15] Murcia, [18] Castellon. So yes, direct. So both Valencia and Zaragoza are directly connected to Teruel. The travel time might be 1 turn from both. But the report only lists from Valencia. Perhaps because Valencia is the closest in terms of "march distance"? It might be that from Zaragoza it's also 1 turn, but we can't be sure. To be safe, we should use the origins that the report gives the march distance for, because those are confirmed. The report says for Teruel: "march from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So we know that if we send from Valencia, it takes 1 turn. For other origins, we might need to compute based on the road network. But the game likely provides that info if we can see it. Since we only see the report as given, we might need to infer from the road network. The rule says: "The report shows travel time per speed (e.g. 'march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns')." So the report should show travel times for each village we can see? In the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" section, it lists each neutral with march distance from your nearest. It doesn't list from all your villages. So we only know the travel time from that specific village. If we want to send from another village, we might not know the travel time. But we can estimate: if the nearest is 1 turn, others might be 1 or 2. Since the map is small, likely all these neutrals are 1 turn from multiple of our villages. But to be precise, we should only use the origins given to ensure we know the arrival time. However, we can also send from other villages and just accept it might take longer. Since we are writing orders for this turn, we can specify the origin. The game will compute the travel time. We just need to decide.

Given the urgency, we might want to attack with the troops we have in the nearest villages. Let's see what we can do from each origin:

- From Valencia (16): can send to Teruel (13) and Murcia (15). Valencia has 1 spearman, 1 archer. Not enough for either.
- From Zaragoza (17): can send to Madrid (12) and Teruel (13) and also to others. Zaragoza has 1 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight. So Zaragoza is our strongest village.
- From Pamplona (19): can send to Burgos (14). Pamplona has 0 troops.
- From Castellon (18): can send to Teruel (13). Castellon has 2 spearman.
- From Tarragona (21): can send to? Tarragona is connected to Zaragoza, Castellon, Barcelona. Not directly to any neutral? Actually, to get to a neutral, troops would have to go through Zaragoza or Castellon. So they would stop at the first non-friendly? Zaragoza and Castellon are ours, so they can pass. But then they'd continue to the neutral. The travel time would be longer. We might not want to send from far away.

Better to use the villages that are directly connected to neutrals: Valencia, Zaragoza, Pamplona, Castellon. Also Girona? Girona is connected to Huesca, Barcelona, etc. Not directly to neutrals. Huesca connected to Zaragoza, Pamplona, Girona. Barcelona connected to Tarragona, Girona.

So our best offensive bases are Zaragoza (for Madrid and Teruel), Valencia (for Teruel and Murcia), Pamplona (for Burgos), Castellon (for Teruel).

We need to decide which neutrals to attack. We can attack multiple. Let's see if we can win against each with available troops:

- Madrid (12): garrison 4 spearmen, defense 10. Nearest: Zaragoza (17) with 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. Zaragoza has 4 archers, 2 knights, 1 spearman. We can send a stack that counters spearmen. Need archers as most numerous. Send 4 archers: effective attack 12 >10, win. But we might also send 3 archers + 1 knight? That also wins. But we want to preserve archers for other targets? We have 9 archers total. If we send 4 from Zaragoza to Madrid, we use 4. We also might want to attack Teruel (needs archers) and Murcia (needs knights). We have only 4 knights total. So we need to allocate.

- Teruel (13): garrison 4 spearmen, defense 10. Nearest: Valencia (16) but Valencia has only 1 archer. We could send from Zaragoza as well. If we send Zaragoza's archers to Madrid, we can't also send them to Teruel (unless we split, but splitting would weaken both). We could send from Valencia a mixed stack: 1 archer + 1 spearman? That tie would be bad. Or we could send from Castellon: 2 spearman, but spearman don't counter. So we need archers from somewhere else. Tarragona has 3 archers. Could we send Tarragona's archers to Teruel? They would have to travel via Zaragoza or Castellon. If we send from Tarragona to Teruel, path: Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> Teruel. Since Zaragoza is ours, they pass. Travel time: Tarragona to Zaragoza is 1 turn? The report doesn't say, but likely 1 turn. Then Zaragoza to Teruel is 1 turn? So total 2 turns? Or maybe they can go directly? The road network: Tarragona [21] connected to [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [22] Barcelona. To get to Teruel [13], they must go through Zaragoza or Castellon. Both are 1 hop. So total 2 hops. Travel time would be 2 turns for slow? Actually, each hop might take 1 turn for slow? The example "5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns" suggests that travel time is measured in turns, and different speeds have different times. So if the distance is 2 road segments, slow might take 2 turns, medium 1? We need to know the speed definitions. The rule: "Each troop type has a speed: spearman (slow), archer (medium), knight (fast). A MIXED army marches at the speed of its SLOWEST troop." And "Travel time is measured along the roads: a village that looks close on the map can be far by road." So we don't have exact times for all routes. The report only gives times from the nearest village. So we should probably only attack from the villages where the report gives the march time, because we know they will arrive next turn. If we send from elsewhere, they might arrive later, and we might not know if they'll encounter enemies along the way. Also, the enemy might move.

Given the fog, we might want to attack from the nearest villages to ensure arrival next turn and maximize surprise. But we have limited troops in those villages. Let's list the troops in the villages that are nearest to neutrals:

- Valencia (16): nearest to Teruel and Murcia. Troops: 1 spearman, 1 archer.
- Zaragoza (17): nearest to Madrid. Troops: 1 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight.
- Pamplona (19): nearest to Burgos. Troops: 0.
- Castellon (18): nearest to? It is connected to Teruel, but the report says Teruel's nearest is Valencia. Castellon might be 1 turn as well? Actually, Castellon is connected to Teruel directly: [18] Castellon - [13] Teruel. So it's also directly connected. The report might list Valencia because it's the closest? Or maybe it's the only one with a march time given? The "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" section lists for each neutral the march distance from your nearest. For Teruel, it says march from [16] Valencia. That implies that Valencia is the nearest. So from Castellon, it might be longer. But we don't know.

We could also move troops from one village to another to consolidate. For example, move troops from Pamplona (which has none) to somewhere else? But Pamplona has no troops to move. We could move troops from Barcelona or Girona to reinforce front-line villages. But they are far.

We need to decide on a plan. Since we need 10 more villages, we should be aggressive. We can attack Madrid with Zaragoza's archers, and perhaps attack Teruel with a mixed force from Valencia and Castellon? But Valencia has only 1 archer, Castellon 2 spearman. If we combine them, they fight separately. So we could send Valencia's 1 archer + 1 spearman to Teruel, and Castellon's 2 spearman to Teruel separately. They would fight sequentially. The first send (say Valencia) would fight the garrison. If it loses, the garrison remains and the second send fights the same garrison. If it wins, the village is captured and the second send arrives to find it friendly (no fight). So we could try to wear down the garrison with multiple waves? But if the first wave loses, the garrison might be reinforced? The neutral hardening happens every 5 turns, not every turn. So if we send multiple waves, the first wave might reduce the garrison? Actually, combat: when you attack, you fight the garrison. If you win, you capture the village and the garrison is eliminated. If you lose, your army is destroyed and the garrison remains intact (no losses). So you cannot wear it down; you must win in one battle. So sending multiple waves is only useful if the first wave wins; then the second wave is just reinforcements. If the first wave loses, the second wave faces the same full garrison. So we need each attacking stack to be strong enough to win on its own.

Therefore, we should only send a stack if it can win against the full garrison. So for Teruel, we need a stack with effective attack >10. With the counter, we need either 4 archers, or 3 archers + something, or 6 spearmen + something with spearman majority? But spearmen don't counter spearmen. Actually, against spearmen, the counter is archers. So we need archers to be the most numerous type. If we send a mixed stack with spearmen and archers, if archers are more numerous, we get the counter. So we could send, say, 3 archers and 1 spearman: archers most numerous, counter x1.5. Total base attack = 3*2 + 1 = 7, times 1.5 = 10.5 >10. So that wins. So we need at least 3 archers in the stack. We have 1 archer in Valencia, 0 in Castellon. So neither alone has 3 archers. We could send from Tarragona (3 archers) to Teruel. But Tarragona is not directly connected; it would have to go through Zaragoza or Castellon. If we send from Tarragona to Teruel via Zaragoza, the travel time might be 2 turns. But we can do it. However, we might want to use Tarragona's archers for something else? Tarragona is near Barcelona, etc. We could also move troops from Tarragona to Zaragoza first, then from Zaragoza to Teruel? That would take two turns. But we can also just send them directly to Teruel; they will pass through Zaragoza (friendly) and continue. The order would be: from Tarragona to Teruel. The march path: Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> Teruel. Since Zaragoza is ours, they don't stop. So they will arrive in whatever travel time that distance takes. We need to know if they will encounter any enemy? No, because Zaragoza is ours and Teruel is neutral. So it's safe. But we don't know the exact arrival turn. We can estimate: if Zaragoza to Teruel is 1 turn, and Tarragona to Zaragoza is 1 turn, then total 2 turns for slow? Actually, the travel time depends on speed. If we send archers (medium), they might take 1 turn per segment? The example: "5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns" for some distance. So medium is faster than slow. If a segment is 1 slow turn, it might be 1 medium turn as well? Or maybe medium takes fewer turns. Typically, slow = 1 turn per unit distance, medium = 1 turn per 1.5? Not clear. Since the report gives "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for the short distance, that means for that distance, all speeds take 1 turn. So that distance is 1 "slow turn". For a longer distance, it might be 2 slow turns, etc. So if Tarragona to Zaragoza is also 1 slow turn, then Tarragona to Teruel would be 2 slow turns. So archers (medium) might take 1 turn? Actually, if the distance is 2 slow turns, medium might take 1 turn? The example: "5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns" means for that route, slow takes 5 turns, medium 3, fast 2. So medium is faster. So if a route is 2 slow turns, medium might take 1 or 2? We can't be sure. To avoid uncertainty, we might prefer to use origins with known 1-turn travel.

Given the complexity, maybe we should focus on attacking Madrid and Murcia this turn, since we have clear forces for them, and leave Teruel and Burgos for later when we can build more troops or move reinforcements.

Let's check Murcia (15): garrison 4 archers, defense 10. Nearest: Valencia (16) with 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. Valencia has 1 spearman, 1 archer. Not enough to counter archers (need knights). We have knights in Zaragoza (2), Barcelona (1), Girona (1). To attack Murcia, we need knights. The nearest village with knights that can reach Murcia? Murcia is connected to [11] Cordoba, [16] Valencia. So from Valencia, we can attack. But Valencia has no knights. We could send knights from Zaragoza to Murcia? Zaragoza is connected to Teruel, Madrid, etc., not directly to Murcia. To get to Murcia from Zaragoza, they'd have to go through Valencia? Road: Zaragoza -> Teruel -> Valencia -> Murcia? Or Zaragoza -> Madrid -> ? Actually, check road network: [17] Zaragoza connected to [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona. Not directly to Valencia. Valencia is [16], connected to [13] Teruel, [15] Murcia, [18] Castellon. So from Zaragoza to Murcia: Zaragoza -> Teruel -> Valencia -> Murcia? Or Zaragoza -> Teruel -> Murcia? Teruel is connected to Murcia? No, [13] Teruel connected to [8] Toledo, [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon. Not directly to Murcia. So to get to Murcia from Zaragoza, you must go through Valencia. So path: Zaragoza -> Teruel (1 turn?) -> Valencia (1 turn?) -> Murcia (1 turn?). That's 3 hops. Travel time would be longer. So not good for a quick attack.

Alternatively, we could move knights from Zaragoza to Valencia first, then next turn attack Murcia. That might be better: reinforce Valencia with knights, then attack. But we need to consider that Valencia is our village, so we can send troops there to reinforce. They will march and arrive in some turns. We can do that.

Similarly, for Burgos (14): garrison 4 knights, defense 10. Nearest: Pamplona (19) with 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. Pamplona has 0 troops. We need to send spearmen to Burgos. We have spearmen in Girona (3), Tarragona (2), Castellon (2), etc. We could send from Girona to Pamplona? Girona is connected to Huesca, Barcelona, etc. To get to Pamplona, they'd go through Huesca? Road: Girona [23] -> Huesca [20] -> Pamplona [19]? Actually, [23] Girona connected to [20] Huesca and [22] Barcelona. [20] Huesca connected to [17] Zaragoza, [19] Pamplona, [23] Girona. So Girona -> Huesca -> Pamplona is 2 hops. Then from Pamplona to Burgos is 1 hop. So total 3 hops. Or we could send from Zaragoza to Pamplona? Zaragoza -> Pamplona is direct? [17] Zaragoza connected to [19] Pamplona. Yes, direct. So Zaragoza to Pamplona is 1 hop. Then Pamplona to Burgos is 1 hop. So 2 hops total. We could send spearmen from Zaragoza to Pamplona, then from Pamplona to Burgos? But we can just send them directly to Burgos from Zaragoza? The path would be Zaragoza -> Pamplona -> Burgos. Since Pamplona is ours, they pass. So they would arrive in 2 hops. Travel time: if each hop is 1 slow turn, then 2 slow turns. For spearmen (slow), that's 2 turns. So they would arrive turn 7. We could also send from Castellon? Castellon -> Teruel -> Zaragoza -> Pamplona -> Burgos? Too long.

So maybe we should focus on building up our armies and attacking the easier neutrals first.

Let's consider building troops. We have resources. We should build troops that we need for the next attacks. We can build in all villages. Let's calculate what we can build in each village this turn, considering we want to prepare for attacks.

We need to decide which villages to build what. Since we need archers for Teruel and Madrid, knights for Murcia, spearmen for Burgos. We can build in villages that have the resources.

Let's list each village's current resources and what they can build:

Barcelona (22): wood 30, iron 40. Can build: 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Best to build knight? Or archer? We need knights for Murcia. But Barcelona already has 1 knight at home. Building another knight would give 2 knights total there. But Barcelona is far from Murcia. We could build knights and then send them to Zaragoza or Valencia. Or build archers for Teruel/Madrid. Let's see overall needs.

Tarragona (21): wood 35, iron 40. Can build: 2 spearman (30 wood) leaving 5 wood; or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 15 wood, 30 iron; or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 5 wood, 10 iron. Could also build 1 archer + 1 spearman? 20+15=35 wood, 10 iron, leaving 0 wood, 30 iron. That's possible: 1 archer + 1 spearman. Or 2 archers? 40 wood >35, no. So options: 2 spearman, or 1 archer + 1 spearman, or 1 knight, or 1 archer. Since Tarragona already has 2 spearman, 3 archer, building more archers might be good for Teruel/Madrid. But we also need spearmen? Actually, we have many spearmen already. Let's see total available after building.

Girona (23): wood 30, iron 30. Can build: 2 spearman (30 wood), or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron), or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Already has 3 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. Building 2 spearman would give 5 spearman there. Or build archer to diversify.

Castellon (18): wood 30, iron 40. Can build: 2 spearman (30 wood), or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron), or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Already has 2 spearman.

Zaragoza (17): wood 40, iron 30. Can build: 2 spearman (30 wood), or 2 archer? 2 archer = 40 wood, 20 iron -> yes, 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron) leaving 0 wood, 10 iron. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 10 wood, 0 iron. Or 1 archer + 1 spearman? 20+15=35 wood, 10 iron, leaving 5 wood, 20 iron. Since Zaragoza already has 1 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight, building more archers would give it 6 archer, which is great for attacking spearmen neutrals. But we also might want knights. Let's see.

Huesca (20): wood 40, iron 30. Can build: 2 spearman (30 wood), or 2 archer? 40 wood, 20 iron -> yes, 2 archer. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Already has 0 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight. Building archers would give it 3 archer, which could be used for Teruel.

Valencia (16): wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build anything this turn because no resources. It just produced resources? It says wood 0 (+30/turn) iron 0 (+20/turn). So it has 0 stock. It will produce 30 wood and 20 iron next turn, but cannot build now. So we cannot build in Valencia this turn.

Pamplona (19): wood 30, iron 20. Can build: 2 spearman (30 wood) leaving 0 wood, 20 iron; or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 10 iron; or 1 knight? 30 wood, 30 iron -> not enough iron (only 20). So can build spearman or archer. Already has 0 troops. Building 2 spearman would give it 2 spearman, which could be sent to Burgos? But we need spearmen to counter knights. 2 spearman not enough alone. We could build more there over time.

So we have many options. We need to decide on a strategy for this turn and next.

Given that we need 10 more villages, and we have 4 neutrals, we should try to capture as many as possible. But we also need to consider the enemy. The enemy has 12 villages including capital. They might be building and moving too. Since we are in fog, we don't know their positions. But we can assume they are in the west: Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, Coimbra, Porto, Vigo, Badajoz, Faro, Sevilha, Cordoba, etc. We need to eventually attack them. But first, we should secure the neutrals to increase our economy and army.

Let's think about the turn order: we are on turn 5. We order builds and movements. The enemy does the same. Then turn 6 happens: our marches arrive, battles occur, resources are produced, etc. Then we get the report for turn 6. We need to survive and expand.

We should aim to capture at least one neutral this turn to start growing. Which one is easiest? Madrid from Zaragoza with 4 archers is a guaranteed win. We should do that. Zaragoza has 4 archers, we can send all 4 to Madrid. That uses all archers from Zaragoza. But Zaragoza also has 2 knights and 1 spearman. We could send a mixed stack to Madrid: 3 archers + 1 knight? That would leave 1 archer in Zaragoza. But we might want to keep some archers for other uses. Actually, if we send 4 archers, Zaragoza loses all its archers. Then it has only 1 spearman and 2 knights left for defense. But Madrid is neutral, so after we capture it, it will become ours and produce resources. We can then build there. So it's okay to empty Zaragoza's archers.

What about Teruel? We could send from Valencia? But Valencia has only 1 archer. Not enough. We could send from Tarragona? Tarragona has 3 archers. If we send Tarragona's 3 archers to Teruel, they would travel via Zaragoza? But if we also send Zaragoza's archers to Madrid, then Zaragoza might be empty. Tarragona's archers would pass through Zaragoza (friendly) and continue to Teruel. They would arrive later. But we need to know if they can win. 3 archers from Tarragona: effective attack = 3*2*1.5 = 9, which is less than defense 10. So 3 archers is not enough. We need 4 archers to beat Teruel (12 >10). So Tarragona alone cannot do it. We could send 3 archers from Tarragona + something else? But they fight alone. So we need to send a stack of at least 4 archers or equivalent from one village. No single village has 4 archers except Zaragoza. So if we use Zaragoza's archers for Madrid, we can't also use them for Teruel. We could instead send Zaragoza's archers to Teruel, and use something else for Madrid? Madrid is also spearmen, so also needs archers. So we have to choose one. Which is better? Madrid is connected to Zaragoza, and from Madrid we can push further west into enemy territory? Actually, Madrid is [12], connected to [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza. So capturing Madrid gives us a bridgehead into the center. Teruel is [13], connected to [8] Toledo, [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon. Teruel is more to the east, closer to our existing lands. Maybe we should take Teruel first to link up with Valencia and Castellon? Actually, we already have Valencia and Castellon. Teruel is between them and Zaragoza. Taking Teruel would connect our eastern cluster. Madrid is further west. Both are valuable.

We could also attack Murcia with knights. We have knights in Zaragoza (2), Barcelona (1), Girona (1). To attack Murcia, we need to get knights to Valencia, from where we can attack Murcia. We could move knights from Zaragoza to Valencia this turn, and then next turn attack Murcia. But movement takes time. Let's check travel time from Zaragoza to Valencia: Zaragoza -> Teruel -> Valencia? That's 2 hops. Or Zaragoza -> Madrid -> ? Not directly. So it would take at least 2 turns. Alternatively, we could move knights from Barcelona or Girona to Valencia? Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> Teruel -> Valencia? Too long. So maybe we should focus on the neutrals we can reach in 1 turn: Madrid from Zaragoza, Teruel from Valencia (but we lack troops), Burgos from Pamplona (lack troops), Murcia from Valencia (lack troops). So only Madrid is attackable this turn with a winning force.

We could also move troops from other villages to Valencia to enable an attack on Teruel or Murcia next turn. For example, move archers from Tarragona or Zaragoza to Valencia, then next turn attack Teruel. But if we move Zaragoza's archers to Valencia, they would take time to get there. And we would lose the ability to attack Madrid this turn. Maybe we can do both: attack Madrid with some of Zaragoza's archers, and move others? But we need a winning stack for Madrid. If we send 3 archers + 1 knight from Zaragoza to Madrid, that wins. Then Zaragoza still has 1 archer left. We could then move that 1 archer to Valencia? Or we could send the 1 archer to Teruel? But 1 archer is not enough. We could also move troops from Tarragona to Zaragoza to reinforce Zaragoza's archers? But that would take time.

Let's consider building this turn to prepare for next turn's attacks. We can build in several villages. We should build archers where possible, because we need them for Teruel/Madrid. We can build knights for Murcia. We can build spearmen for Burgos.

Let's maximize our economy. We have 8 villages. We should build the most cost-effective troops? Actually, all troops are built in 1 turn. We want to grow our army as fast as possible. We should build whatever we can afford in each village, prioritizing troops that we need for the next attacks.

We need to decide on a sequence: attack Madrid now, then next turn attack Teruel and Murcia? But we need to have troops in place.

Let's list all available troops and possible moves:

We can send from Zaragoza to Madrid: 4 archers (or 3 archers + 1 knight). Let's say we send 4 archers. That uses all Zaragoza archers. Zaragoza will have 1 spearman, 2 knights left.

We can also send from Valencia to Teruel? But Valencia has 1 archer, 1 spearman. If we send both, they fight. 1 archer + 1 spearman: most numerous? tie, spearman wins tiebreak? The rule: "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight." So spearman is considered more numerous. So counter would be spearman vs spearman? No, the counter triangle: spearman counters knight, archer counters spearman, knight counters archer. If the most numerous is spearman, and defender is spearman, there is no counter (spearman does not counter spearman). So no multiplier. Effective attack = 1*1 + 2 = 3. Defense 10. Lose. So sending Valencia's troops to Teruel is suicide. We should not send them.

We could send from Castellon to Teruel: 2 spearman. No counter, attack 2*1=2, lose.

We could send from Pamplona to Burgos: 0 troops, nothing.

We could send from Tarragona to somewhere? Tarragona has 2 spearman, 3 archer. We could send them to Zaragoza to reinforce? But Zaragoza is ours, so we can send reinforcements. They would march and arrive in some turns. We could send Tarragona's archers to Zaragoza, and then next turn from Zaragoza to Madrid or Teruel. But if we send them now, they will take time to reach Zaragoza. Meanwhile, we can still send Zaragoza's own troops to Madrid this turn. So we can do both: send Zaragoza's archers to Madrid, and send Tarragona's archers to Zaragoza to replenish. That way, Zaragoza loses archers but gains new ones later. Also, we could send Tarragona's spearman somewhere else.

We could send from Girona to somewhere? Girona has 3 spearman, 1 knight. We could send them to Zaragoza or Barcelona to reinforce.

We could also build new troops in villages and then send them. But builds take 1 turn, so they are ready at the end of the turn? The rule: "ready in 1 turn." So if we order a build, the troops are available next turn? Actually, "ready in 1 turn" means they are built by next turn? Typically, in such games, when you order a build, they are added to your army at the end of the turn, so they can be used for movement next turn. But the order is simultaneous: you write orders for builds and movements. The builds will produce troops that can then be used for movements in the next turn. So if we build troops this turn, we cannot send them this turn; they will be available for next turn's movements. So we need to plan ahead.

So for this turn, we can only send troops that are already available (the ones listed). We can also build troops for next turn.

Let's think about the enemy. We don't know where they are. They might be moving towards us. We should also defend our villages. Our villages are interior, no enemy border, so they are safe from immediate attack. But as we expand, we might create borders.

We should also consider that the enemy capital is Lisboa. We don't need to take it to win, but eliminating every enemy village is an alternative win condition. If we can destroy all enemy villages, we win. That might be easier than holding 75% for 2 turns? Actually, holding 75% requires capturing and holding many villages, which is hard because the enemy will try to retake. Eliminating every enemy village means we must conquer all of them. That's also hard. But we can try to expand and eventually eliminate them.

Given the situation, I think a good plan is:
- Attack Madrid with Zaragoza's 4 archers. This captures a neutral village and gives us a new base.
- Move troops from Tarragona and Girona to Zaragoza to reinforce it after it loses troops. Tarragona can send its 3 archers to Zaragoza (they will arrive in some turns). Girona can send its 3 spearman and 1 knight to Zaragoza? Or maybe to Barcelona? We need to think about travel times.
- Build troops in all available villages to grow the army. Specifically, build archers in Tarragona, Girona, Castellon, Huesca, Zaragoza (if resources allow), Barcelona, Pamplona. Build knights where we can (Barcelona, Girona, Zaragoza). Build spearmen where we have excess wood.
- Prepare for next attacks: after taking Madrid, we can push to Salamanca or Toledo or Burgos. We need to see the map.

But we also need to consider that after we attack Madrid, our troops will suffer losses. The report says "the winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So when we win, we lose some troops. How many? The loser's effective force is the defender's effective defense? Or the loser's attack? The rule: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. ... The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." In this case, the loser is the defender (the neutral garrison). Their effective force is their defense? Or their attack? The rule says "effective force" is the result of attack/defense and counter. For the defender, their effective force is their defense (which is given as 10). So the winner takes losses equal to the loser's effective force? That would mean we lose 10 troops? That seems too high. Maybe it's a fraction. In many games, losses are proportional. Since it's not specified, we might assume that the winner loses some troops, but we don't know the exact number. The report from last turn says: "You attacked [16] Valencia: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 2 troops)". That was when we attacked Valencia. Valencia was a neutral? Actually, last turn we attacked Valencia and conquered it, losing 2 troops. Valencia had some defense. We can learn from that. Valencia was neutral, we attacked and won, lost 2 troops. So the losses are not huge. So we can expect to lose a few troops per attack.

So attacking Madrid with 4 archers: we might lose 1-2 archers. After the battle, the survivors will be in Madrid. So we can then use them.

Now, let's decide on the exact orders for this turn.

We need to output a JSON with "build" and "movements". We can have multiple builds and movements.

Let's list possible builds for each village, considering we want to prepare for next turns. We should build troops that we can use to attack the remaining neutrals. We need archers for Teruel, knights for Murcia, spearmen for Burgos. We can build in:

- Barcelona: can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Or 2 spearman. Or 1 archer. Since we need knights for Murcia, building a knight here is good. But Barcelona is far from Murcia. We could build knight and then send it to Zaragoza or Valencia later. Or we could build archers to reinforce Zaragoza. Let's see: we have iron 40. Building a knight uses 30 iron. Building an archer uses 10 iron. We might want to save iron for multiple archers. Actually, we can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and have 10 wood, 30 iron left. We could also build 2 spearman? But spearman don't need iron. We have many spearman already. Let's build 1 knight in Barcelona to increase knight count. Knights are valuable for attacking Murcia and for general offensive power. But we need to get it to the front. We can send it later.

- Tarragona: wood 35, iron 40. Can build 1 archer + 1 spearman (35 wood, 10 iron) leaving 0 wood, 30 iron. Or 2 spearman (30 wood) leaving 5 wood, 40 iron. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 5 wood, 10 iron. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 15 wood, 30 iron. Since we need archers for Teruel, building 1 archer is good. We could also build 1 spearman to have more infantry. But let's build 1 archer. Actually, we can build 1 archer and 1 spearman? That uses 35 wood, 10 iron. That's efficient. Let's do that: build 1 archer and 1 spearman in Tarragona. That gives us +1 archer, +1 spearman.

- Girona: wood 30, iron 30. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). We need spearmen for Burgos? Actually, Burgos needs spearmen to counter knights. We have Girona with 3 spearman already. Building 2 more spearman gives it 5 spearman. That could be a core for attacking Burgos. But we also might want archers. Let's build 2 spearman in Girona to prepare for Burgos. Or we could build 1 knight? We need knights for Murcia. Girona already has 1 knight. Building another knight gives 2 knights there. But Girona is far from Murcia. We can send them later. Let's build 2 spearman for now, since we have plenty of wood.

- Castellon: wood 30, iron 40. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). We need archers for Teruel. Castellon has 0 archers. Building 1 archer would give it 1 archer. But 1 archer is not enough to attack Teruel alone. We could build 1 archer and then combine with Valencia's archer? But they fight separately. So maybe we should build 2 spearman to reinforce Castellon's garrison, or build 1 knight for later. Since Castellon is close to Teruel, we might want to build archers there to eventually attack Teruel. But we can only build 1 archer this turn. Let's build 1 archer in Castellon. That uses 20 wood, 10 iron, leaving 10 wood, 30 iron. We could also build 1 spearman? 10 wood not enough. So just 1 archer.

- Zaragoza: wood 40, iron 30. Can build 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron) or 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer + 1 spearman (35 wood, 10 iron). Since we are sending Zaragoza's archers to Madrid, we might want to rebuild them. But we can't use newly built troops this turn anyway. So we should build for next turn. If we send all 4 archers to Madrid, Zaragoza will have 0 archers. So we should build archers in Zaragoza to replenish. Let's build 2 archers in Zaragoza. That uses 40 wood, 20 iron, leaving 0 wood, 10 iron. That's good. We could also build a knight? Not enough wood. So 2 archers.

- Huesca: wood 40, iron 30. Can build 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron) or 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Huesca has 1 archer. Building 2 archers gives it 3 archers. That could be useful for Teruel. But Huesca is not directly connected to Teruel? Huesca is connected to Zaragoza, Pamplona, Girona. To attack Teruel from Huesca, they'd go through Zaragoza. So we could build archers here and then send them to Zaragoza or directly to Teruel later. Let's build 2 archers in Huesca.

- Valencia: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.

- Pamplona: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). We need spearmen for Burgos. Pamplona is right next to Burgos. Building 2 spearman here gives us 2 spearman to eventually attack Burgos. But 2 spearman is not enough; we need more. But we can build over time. Let's build 2 spearman in Pamplona.

So builds summary:
- Barcelona: 1 knight? Or maybe we should build something else. Let's check Barcelona's resources: wood 30, iron 40. If we build 1 knight, we use 30 wood, 30 iron, leaving 0 wood, 10 iron. That's fine. But we might want to build archers instead because we need archers desperately. However, Barcelona can only build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 30 iron. Then we could also build 2 spearman? No, not enough wood. So 1 archer is less efficient use of iron? Actually, we have plenty of iron overall. Let's see total iron: we have 40+40+30+40+30+30+0+20 = 230 iron total across all villages. We need iron for knights and archers. Building knights uses a lot of iron. We might want to conserve iron for knights. But we also need many archers. Let's think about the long term: we need to conquer 10 more villages. Each village we conquer gives us +30 wood, +20 iron per turn. So economy will boom. We should build the troops that are most effective for the next attacks. We need archers to counter the spearmen neutrals (Teruel, Madrid). We already have 9 archers. We are sending 4 to Madrid. That leaves 5 archers in other villages. We need to attack Teruel, which requires at least 4 archers (or 3+something). We have Tarragona 3, Huesca 1, Valencia 1, plus builds. After building, we will have more. So let's build archers where possible.

But we also need to consider that after we take Madrid, we might want to push further west into enemy territory. The enemy villages we can see? We don't see any yet. We need to explore. Madrid is connected to Salamanca (7), Toledo (8), Burgos (14), Zaragoza (17). Salamanca is unexplored (7), Toledo (8) unexplored, Burgos is neutral (14). So from Madrid, we can see those villages? Actually, the fog rule: you see villages directly connected to yours by road. So once we take Madrid, we will be able to see Salamanca, Toledo, and Burgos? Burgos is already seen because it's connected to Pamplona? Actually, we see Burgos now because it's connected to Pamplona? The report says we can see Burgos because it's connected to Pamplona? The "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" section lists Burgos with march from Pamplona. So we already see it. But Salamanca and Toledo are unexplored; we will see them once we have a village connected to them. Madrid is connected to Salamanca (7) and Toledo (8). So after we take Madrid, we will see Salamanca and Toledo. That will give us info about enemy villages.

So taking Madrid is very valuable for intel.

Now, movements: we need to decide where to send our available troops.

We have troops available in each village. We can send them to attack neutrals, or to reinforce friendly villages.

Let's decide on movements for this turn:

1. From Zaragoza (17) to Madrid (12): send 4 archers. (We could also send the spearman and knights, but they are not needed and would slow down the march? Actually, if we send a mixed army, the speed is slowest. If we send only archers (medium), they travel at medium speed. The travel time from Zaragoza to Madrid is given as 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So if we send only archers, they will take 1 medium turn? Actually, it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" meaning that for that route, a slow troop takes 1 turn, medium takes 1 turn, fast takes 1 turn. So all take 1 turn. So speed doesn't matter for this route; it's 1 turn regardless. So we can send any mix. But if we send a mixed army with slow troops, it still takes 1 turn. So we could send all Zaragoza troops to Madrid. But we might want to keep the spearman and knights in Zaragoza for defense or other attacks. Since Zaragoza is interior and safe, we can send them all. But if we send all, Zaragoza will have 0 troops, and if the enemy comes, they could take it? But the enemy is far, and we have no enemy sightings. So it's probably safe to send all troops from Zaragoza to Madrid. However, after we win, our troops will be in Madrid, which is now ours. We can then decide next turn whether to leave some in Madrid or move them. So sending all is fine. But we might want to keep the knights in Zaragoza to use them for Murcia later? Actually, knights from Zaragoza could be sent to Murcia via Valencia, but that takes time. If we send them to Madrid, they will be in Madrid, which is further from Murcia. So maybe we should keep the knights in Zaragoza to prepare for a move to Valencia? Let's think: to attack Murcia, we need knights at Valencia. We could move knights from Zaragoza to Valencia. That route: Zaragoza -> Teruel -> Valencia. That's 2 hops. If we send them now, they will arrive in Valencia in 2 turns? Actually, travel time: if each hop is 1 turn, then 2 turns. So they would arrive turn 7. Then from Valencia, we can attack Murcia on turn 8. Alternatively, we could send knights from Barcelona or Girona to Valencia? That would take longer. So keeping knights in Zaragoza is good for a future move to Valencia. So we should not send the knights to Madrid. We should send only the archers to Madrid, because archers are what we need to beat Madrid. The spearman and knights can stay in Zaragoza. But if we leave them, they will defend Zaragoza. That's fine.

So movement: Zaragoza -> Madrid: 4 archers.

2. We need to prepare for Teruel. We have archers in Tarragona (3), Huesca (1), Valencia (1), plus builds. We could send some archers to Teruel now. But as we saw, 3 archers from Tarragona is not enough (9 < 10). We could send from Tarragona to Teruel via Zaragoza? If we send Tarragona's 3 archers to Teruel, they will travel: Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> Teruel. Since Zaragoza is ours, they pass. They will arrive in 2 turns? We need to know the travel time. The report doesn't give it. But we can order it. However, they might not arrive in time to be useful, and they might be weak. We could instead send Tarragona's archers to Zaragoza to reinforce Zaragoza, and then next turn send a combined force from Zaragoza to Teruel. That seems better because we can also build new archers in Zaragoza. So let's send Tarragona's 3 archers to Zaragoza (reinforce). They will march from Tarragona to Zaragoza. Travel time: Tarragona to Zaragoza is direct? [21] Tarragona connected to [17] Zaragoza. So 1 hop. The report doesn't give the time, but likely 1 turn. So they will arrive next turn. That way, Zaragoza will have archers again for next turn's attacks.

3. We also have Girona's troops. Girona has 3 spearman, 1 knight. We could send them to Zaragoza as well to reinforce. Or we could send them to Barcelona? Let's send Girona's 3 spearman and 1 knight to Zaragoza. That will make Zaragoza a powerful hub. Travel time: Girona -> Huesca? Actually, Girona to Zaragoza: Girona [23] -> Huesca [20] -> Zaragoza [17]? Or Girona -> Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza? The road network: Girona connected to Huesca and Barcelona. Huesca connected to Zaragoza. So Girona -> Huesca -> Zaragoza is 2 hops. Or Girona -> Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza is 3 hops. So the shorter path is via Huesca. So they would go Girona -> Huesca -> Zaragoza. Huesca is ours, so they pass. Travel time: likely 2 turns. So they would arrive turn 7. That's fine.

4. We have Castellon with 2 spearman. We could send them to Teruel? But they are spearman, not enough. We could send them to Valencia to reinforce? Valencia is ours. Castellon to Valencia: [18] Castellon connected to [16] Valencia. So 1 hop. We can send Castellon's 2 spearman to Valencia. They will arrive next turn. Then Valencia will have those spearman plus its own. That could help for future attacks.

5. Huesca has 1 archer. We could send it to Zaragoza or somewhere. Let's send Huesca's 1 archer to Zaragoza as well. Huesca to Zaragoza: [20] Huesca connected to [17] Zaragoza. 1 hop. Arrive next turn.

6. Valencia has 1 spearman, 1 archer. We might want to send them to Teruel? But as said, not enough. We could send them to Murcia? Murcia is neutral, but we don't have enough to win. So we should keep them in Valencia for now. Or we could send them to Castellon? Not needed.

7. Pamplona has 0 troops, so nothing to send.

8. Barcelona has 1 knight. We could send it to Zaragoza to help with knights? Barcelona to Zaragoza: Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza (2 hops) or Barcelona -> Girona -> Huesca -> Zaragoza (3 hops). So 2 hops via Tarragona. We could send the knight to Tarragona first? Actually, we can send directly to Zaragoza; it will pass through Tarragona (friendly). Travel time: 2 turns? Let's send Barcelona's 1 knight to Zaragoza to reinforce. That will take 2 turns.

But we also need to consider that we are sending many troops to Zaragoza, making it a big stack. But Zaragoza is interior and safe. That's fine.

We also need to think about the enemy. If the enemy is moving, they might attack our villages. Our villages are interior, but as we expand, we might create borders. Currently, no enemy border. So we are safe.

Now, let's also consider building troops. We decided on builds. Let's finalize builds:

- Barcelona: build 1 knight? Or maybe we should build 1 archer? Let's see: we are sending many archers to Zaragoza, but we also need knights for Murcia. Barcelona already has 1 knight. Building another knight gives us 2 knights there. We can later send them to Zaragoza. So build 1 knight in Barcelona.

- Tarragona: build 1 archer + 1 spearman? Or just 1 archer? We have wood 35, iron 40. 1 archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. 1 spearman costs 15 wood. Total 35 wood, 10 iron. That uses all wood and leaves 30 iron. That's good. So build 1 archer, 1 spearman.

- Girona: build 2 spearman? Wood 30, iron 30. 2 spearman cost 30 wood. Leaves 30 iron. Good. So build 2 spearman.

- Castellon: build 1 archer? Wood 30, iron 40. 1 archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. Leaves 10 wood, 30 iron. Could we build 2 spearman? 30 wood, leaves 10 wood? Actually, 2 spearman = 30 wood, 0 iron. Leaves 0 wood, 40 iron. That might be better because we need spearmen for Burgos. But we also need archers. Let's build 1 archer in Castellon to start archer production there. But we could build 2 spearman and then next turn build archers. Since Castellon has iron 40, we can build archers next turn. Let's build 2 spearman in Castellon to have more infantry for defense and for Burgos. Actually, Burgos needs spearmen. So building spearmen is good. Let's build 2 spearman in Castellon.

- Zaragoza: build 2 archers? Wood 40, iron 30. 2 archers cost 40 wood, 20 iron. Leaves 0 wood, 10 iron. Good. So build 2 archers.

- Huesca: build 2 archers? Wood 40, iron 30. 2 archers cost 40 wood, 20 iron. Leaves 0 wood, 10 iron. Good. Build 2 archers.

- Valencia: cannot build.

- Pamplona: build 2 spearman? Wood 30, iron 20. 2 spearman cost 30 wood. Leaves 0 wood, 20 iron. Good. Build 2 spearman.

So builds:
Barcelona: 1 knight
Tarragona: 1 archer, 1 spearman
Girona: 2 spearman
Castellon: 2 spearman
Zaragoza: 2 archers
Huesca: 2 archers
Pamplona: 2 spearman

Now movements:
- Zaragoza -> Madrid: 4 archers
- Tarragona -> Zaragoza: 3 archers (reinforce)
- Girona -> Zaragoza: 3 spearman, 1 knight (reinforce)
- Castellon -> Valencia: 2 spearman (reinforce)
- Huesca -> Zaragoza: 1 archer (reinforce)
- Barcelona -> Zaragoza: 1 knight (reinforce)
- Valencia: no move (keep 1 spearman, 1 archer)
- Pamplona: no move (0 troops)

But wait: we also have troops in Zaragoza after we send 4 archers: Zaragoza will have 1 spearman, 2 knights left. Should we send those somewhere? We could send them to Madrid as well? But they are not needed for the battle, and if we send them, they would be in Madrid after the battle. We might want to keep them in Zaragoza for defense. But Zaragoza will be empty of archers, but have spearman and knights. That's fine. We could also send the spearman and knights to Madrid to occupy it. But then Zaragoza would be empty. Since Zaragoza is deep in our territory, it's probably safe. But we might want to keep some troops there in case the enemy comes. However, we have no enemy sightings. I think it's fine to leave the spearman and knights in Zaragoza.

But we also need to consider that after we take Madrid, we might want to send troops from Madrid to explore further. But we can do that next turn.

Now, we need to write the plan and statement.

Plan: Note to next turn. We should describe what we are doing and what to do next.

Statement: For the audience, describe our actions this turn.

Let's draft:

Plan: "Attack Madrid with Zaragoza's archers to capture our first neutral village and gain intel on western provinces. Reinforce Zaragoza with troops from Tarragona, Girona, Huesca, and Barcelona to rebuild its army for next attacks. Build troops in all villages to prepare for attacks on Teruel, Murcia, and Burgos. Next turn, assess new intel from Madrid and decide whether to push west or secure Teruel."

Statement: "King B's forces strike at Madrid, sending 4 archers from Zaragoza to capture the neutral city. We reinforce Zaragoza with archers and knights from surrounding villages to maintain our war machine. Our builders work overtime, producing archers, spearman, and knights across the realm. We expand our territory and bring glory to the kingdom!"

Now, we need to ensure the JSON is valid. The fields are: build, movements, plan, statement.

Build is a list of objects with villageId, type, quantity. Note: type must be one of "spearman", "archer", "knight". Quantity is integer.

Movements is a list of objects with fromId, toId, troops (object with spearman, archer, knight keys). Note: toId can be any village id (enemy, neutral, or ours). We need to use the correct ids.

Let's list the ids: our villages: 22,21,23,18,17,20,16,19. Neutrals: 13,12,15,14. Unexplored: 0-11 etc.

We need to be careful: the movements must not send troops that the village doesn't have. We have the available troops from the report. Let's verify each movement:

Zaragoza (17) to Madrid (12): troops: {"spearman": 0, "archer": 4, "knight": 0}. Zaragoza available: 1 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight. So we can send 4 archers.

Tarragona (21) to Zaragoza (17): troops: {"spearman": 0, "archer": 3, "knight": 0}. Tarragona available: 2 spearman, 3 archer, 0 knight. So we can send 3 archers. (We leave 2 spearman in Tarragona.)

Girona (23) to Zaragoza (17): troops: {"spearman": 3, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}. Girona available: 3 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. So we send all.

Castellon (18) to Valencia (16): troops: {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}. Castellon available: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. Send all.

Huesca (20) to Zaragoza (17): troops: {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}. Huesca available: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight. Send all.

Barcelona (22) to Zaragoza (17): troops: {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}. Barcelona available: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. Send all.

Valencia (16): no movement. We leave its 1 spearman, 1 archer there.

Pamplona (19): no movement.

Now, what about the troops we are sending to Zaragoza? They will arrive at different times. Tarragona to Zaragoza: 1 hop? We need to ensure they don't fight. Since Zaragoza is ours, they just join. So that's fine.

But we must consider that when we send troops from Tarragona to Zaragoza, they might encounter enemy on the road? The rule: "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there... Your own armies never fight each other: they pass freely." Since we are sending our own armies to our own village, they will not fight. But what if there is an enemy army on the road? We don't know. The report says no enemy armies sighted. So probably safe.

Now, builds: we need to specify quantity. For each build, we need villageId, type, quantity.

Let's list builds:
- Barcelona (22): build knight, quantity 1.
- Tarragona (21): build archer 1, spearman 1. We can either combine into one object? The build field is a list of objects, each with villageId, type, quantity. So we can have two separate objects for Tarragona: one for archer, one for spearman. Or we can have one object? The schema says: "build": [ {"villageId": <id>, "type": <...>, "quantity": <n>} ]. So each object is one type. So we need multiple objects for multiple types in same village.

So:
- Tarragona: archer 1, spearman 1.
- Girona: spearman 2.
- Castellon: spearman 2.
- Zaragoza: archer 2.
- Huesca: archer 2.
- Pamplona: spearman 2.

Also, we could build in Valencia? No resources.

Now, check if any village exceeds the cap of 300 troops. Our villages have low numbers, so no issue.

Now, we need to write the plan and statement in English, 2-4 lines each.

Plan: "Attack Madrid with Zaragoza's 4 archers to secure a neutral village and gain western intel. Reinforce Zaragoza with troops from Tarragona, Girona, Huesca, and Barcelona to rebuild its army. Build archers and spearmen across all available villages to prepare for attacks on Teruel, Murcia, and Burgos next turn. Next turn, explore west from Madrid and decide whether to take Teruel or push into enemy territory."

Statement: "King B's armies move on Madrid! Four archers from Zaragoza storm the neutral city, seeking to expand our dominion and uncover the enemy's secrets. Reinforcements from Tarragona, Girona, Huesca, and Barcelona march to Zaragoza to keep our war machine strong. Our builders work day and night, forging archers, spearmen, and knights to swell our ranks. The kingdom grows!"

We need to ensure the JSON is valid. Let's construct it.

One thing: the movements list should include all movements. We have 6 movements. We need to make sure the troop counts are correct.

Let's double-check available troops:

From the report:
Barcelona: available: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. We send 1 knight. OK.
Tarragona: available: 2 spearman, 3 archer, 0 knight. We send 3 archers. OK.
Girona: available: 3 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. We send 3 spearman, 1 knight. OK.
Castellon: available: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. We send 2 spearman. OK.
Zaragoza: available: 1 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight. We send 4 archers. OK. (We leave 1 spearman, 2 knights)
Huesca: available: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight. We send 1 archer. OK.
Valencia: available: 1 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight. We send nothing. OK.
Pamplona: available: 0,0,0. Nothing.

Now, builds: we need to ensure resources are sufficient.

Barcelona: wood 30, iron 40. Build 1 knight: cost 30 wood, 30 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 10 iron. OK.
Tarragona: wood 35, iron 40. Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) = 35 wood, 10 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 30 iron. OK.
Girona: wood 30, iron 30. Build 2 spearman: 30 wood, 0 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 30 iron. OK.
Castellon: wood 30, iron 40. Build 2 spearman: 30 wood, 0 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 40 iron. OK.
Zaragoza: wood 40, iron 30. Build 2 archers: 40 wood, 20 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 10 iron. OK.
Huesca: wood 40, iron 30. Build 2 archers: 40 wood, 20 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 10 iron. OK.
Pamplona: wood 30, iron 20. Build 2 spearman: 30 wood, 0 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 20 iron. OK.

All good.

Now, we need to output the JSON. The fields must be exactly as specified.

Let's write the JSON:

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 19, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 17, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 4, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 21, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 3, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 23, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 18, "toId": 16, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 20, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 22, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}}
  ],
  "plan": "Attack Madrid with Zaragoza's 4 archers to secure a neutral village and gain western intel. Reinforce Zaragoza with troops from Tarragona, Girona, Huesca, and Barcelona to rebuild its army. Build archers and spearmen across all available villages to prepare for attacks on Teruel, Murcia, and Burgos next turn. Next turn, explore west from Madrid and decide whether to take Teruel or push into enemy territory.",
  "statement": "King B's armies move on Madrid! Four archers from Zaragoza storm the neutral city, seeking to expand our dominion and uncover the enemy's secrets. Reinforcements from Tarragona, Girona, Huesca, and Barcelona march to Zaragoza to keep our war machine strong. Our builders work day and night, forging archers, spearmen, and knights to swell our ranks. The kingdom grows!"
}

We should check if there are any constraints: "Use only ids that appear in the report above." Our ids are all from the report. "Do not send troops a village does not have." We checked. "Empty lists are valid orders." We have no empty lists, but we could have omitted movements with 0 troops. It's fine.

One potential issue: The movement from Girona to Zaragoza: Girona is 23, Zaragoza 17. The path: Girona -> Huesca -> Zaragoza. Huesca is ours, so they pass. But we are also sending Huesca's archer to Zaragoza. They might meet on the road? The rule: "Your own armies never fight each other: they pass freely." So they can share the road without issue. However, they might have different speeds. Girona's force has 3 spearman (slow) and 1 knight (fast). The slowest is spearman, so the army moves at slow speed. Huesca's archer is medium. They might travel at different speeds. But since they are going to the same destination, they might arrive at different times. That's fine.

Another thing: We are sending Barcelona's knight to Zaragoza. That path: Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza. Tarragona is ours. But we are also sending Tarragona's archers to Zaragoza. They might travel together? They are from different origins, so they are separate armies. They will not fight each other. They might arrive on the same turn? Possibly. But the rule says "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." Since they are all going to a friendly village (Zaragoza), there is no fight. They just reinforce. So it's fine.

Now, we need to consider the order of arrivals. The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there." Since all intermediate villages are ours, they will not stop. So they will reach Zaragoza.

Now, what about the march from Zaragoza to Madrid? Madrid is neutral, so they will fight there. We send 4 archers. They will arrive next turn (turn 6) and fight. We expect to win.

Now, we should also consider if we should send any troops to attack Teruel or other neutrals this turn. We don't have enough. So our plan is to attack Madrid and reinforce.

One more thing: we are building 2 archers in Zaragoza, but we are sending all 4 existing archers to Madrid. So Zaragoza will have 0 archers after the send, but the new builds will be ready next turn. So next turn, Zaragoza will have 2 archers (newly built) plus the reinforcements from Tarragona (3 archers) and Huesca (1 archer) that are arriving? Actually, Tarragona's 3 archers will arrive next turn? We need to know travel time. Tarragona to Zaragoza: 1 hop. If it's 1 turn, they arrive turn 6. Huesca to Zaragoza: 1 hop, arrive turn 6. Girona to Zaragoza: 2 hops, arrive turn 7. Barcelona to Zaragoza: 2 hops, arrive turn 7. So on turn 6, Zaragoza will receive Tarragona's 3 archers and Huesca's 1 archer, plus the 2 newly built archers (if builds complete at end of turn 5? Actually, builds are ready in 1 turn, so they will be available at the start of turn 6? Typically, builds are completed at the end of the turn, so they are available for movement on the next turn. So on turn 6, Zaragoza will have the 2 new archers, plus the incoming reinforcements? But the reinforcements from Tarragona and Huesca are marching during turn 5 and will arrive at the start of turn 6? Or during turn 6? The rule: "Marching takes turns, and during those turns the enemy keeps building and moving." So if we order a march on turn 5, it takes some number of turns. If it takes 1 turn, the army arrives at the beginning of turn 6? Or at the end of turn 5? Usually, in simultaneous turn-based games, movements ordered now will execute and arrive at the next turn report. So when we get the turn 6 report, the armies have arrived. So on turn 6, we will see the results. So on turn 6, Madrid battle will happen, and our reinforcements will be in Zaragoza. So Zaragoza will have: the 1 spearman and 2 knights that stayed, plus the newly built 2 archers (if we built them, they are ready at start of turn 6), plus Tarragona's 3 archers and Huesca's 1 archer arriving. So Zaragoza will have 6 archers, 1 spearman, 2 knights on turn 6. That's great for next attacks.

Now, we need to write the plan to reflect that we will decide next turn based on what we see.

Let's refine the plan and statement to be concise (2-4 lines). The plan is a note to ourselves. The statement is for the audience.

Plan: "Attack Madrid with Zaragoza's archers. Reinforce Zaragoza with archers from Tarragona and Huesca, and spearmen/knights from Girona and Barcelona. Build archers and spearmen everywhere. Next turn, check intel from Madrid and decide whether to attack Teruel or push west into Salamanca/Toledo."

Statement: "Our armies strike at Madrid! Zaragoza's archers march to capture the neutral city and reveal the western provinces. Reinforcements from across the realm converge on Zaragoza to keep our spearheads sharp. Our builders work tirelessly, producing archers, spearmen, and knights to swell our ranks. The kingdom expands!"

Now, we need to ensure the JSON is exactly one object. We'll output it.

But wait: there is a note from last turn: "Attack Valencia from Castellon to expand territory. Send all troops from Pamplona and Tarragona to Zaragoza to prepare for the attack on Madrid next turn. Send troops from Barcelona to Tarragona to maintain its garrison. Build troops in all available villages to grow the army."

We followed part of it: we sent troops from Tarragona to Zaragoza, but not from Pamplona (since it had none). We didn't send from Barcelona to Tarragona; we sent from Barcelona to Zaragoza instead. That's a change. We also attacked Madrid instead of just preparing. So our plan is consistent with the spirit.

Now, let's check if there are any other moves we should consider. For instance, we have 1 knight in Zaragoza that we didn't send. Should we send it to Madrid? Not necessary. We have 1 spearman in Zaragoza. We could send it to Madrid to occupy, but it would just be a garrison. We can leave it.

What about Valencia? We left 1 spearman and 1 archer there. Could we send them to Teruel? They would die. So no.

What about Castellon? We sent its 2 spearman to Valencia. That leaves Castellon empty. Is that safe? Castellon is interior, no enemy border. So safe.

What about Pamplona? We built 2 spearman there, but they won't be ready until next turn. So Pamplona will have 0 troops this turn. But we are not moving from Pamplona. However, Pamplona is connected to Burgos (neutral). If the enemy attacks Pamplona? The enemy is not near. So safe.

Now, we should also consider that the enemy might be building and moving. Since we don't see them, we can't plan for specific threats. But we can assume they are far.

One more thing: the rule says "The enemy capital is the hardest single target on the map; taking it is NOT required to win." So we don't need to focus on Lisboa.

We need to hold 18 of 24 villages for 2 consecutive turns. That means we need to capture and hold many villages. Our current plan captures Madrid (1 village). Next we need Teruel, Murcia, Burgos, and then enemy villages. We should be aggressive.

But we also need to ensure we have enough troops to defend the villages we capture. If we capture a village, it will have our troops, but the enemy might attack it. We need to leave enough garrison. However, our villages are currently interior and safe. Once we capture Madrid, it will be on the border? Madrid is connected to Salamanca, Toledo, Burgos, Zaragoza. Salamanca and Toledo are unexplored (likely enemy or neutral). Burgos is neutral. So Madrid will be a forward base. We might want to send some troops to stay there. In our current movement, we send 4 archers to Madrid. They will fight and win, but they will take losses. After the battle, some archers will survive. They will be in Madrid. We can then decide next turn whether to leave them there or move them. We could also send additional troops from Zaragoza to Madrid to reinforce the garrison. But we didn't. We could send the 1 spearman and 2 knights from Zaragoza to Madrid as well, to garrison it. That would leave Zaragoza empty, but we are reinforcing Zaragoza with other troops. However, those reinforcements arrive later. If we send all Zaragoza troops to Madrid, Zaragoza would be empty until reinforcements arrive. But Zaragoza is deep in our territory, so it's probably safe. But to be cautious, we might want to leave the spearman and knights in Zaragoza for now. I think it's fine.

Let's consider the timing: On turn 6, our 4 archers will be in Madrid (after battle). The reinforcements from Tarragona and Huesca will be in Zaragoza. The builds will be complete. So we will have a decent army in Zaragoza and some in Madrid. We can then decide next turn.

Now, let's write the final JSON. We need to make sure the plan and statement are within 600 characters? The note says: "anything past 600 characters is cut off" for the plan. So we should keep the plan under 600 characters. Our plan is about 300, so fine. Statement is 2-4 lines, we can keep it short.

Let's count characters in the plan: 
"Attack Madrid with Zaragoza's 4 archers to secure a neutral village and gain western intel. Reinforce Zaragoza with troops from Tarragona, Girona, Huesca, and Barcelona to rebuild its army. Build archers and spearmen across all available villages to prepare for attacks on Teruel, Murcia, and Burgos next turn. Next turn, explore west from Madrid and decide whether to take Teruel or push into enemy territory."
That's about 350 characters. Good.

Statement: "King B's armies move on Madrid! Four archers from Zaragoza storm the neutral city, seeking to expand our dominion and uncover the enemy's secrets. Reinforcements from Tarragona, Girona, Huesca, and Barcelona march to Zaragoza to keep our war machine strong. Our builders work day and night, forging archers, spearmen, and knights to swell our ranks. The kingdom grows!"
That's about 300 characters.

Now, we need to ensure the JSON is valid. We'll output it.

But wait: there is a potential issue with the movement from Girona to Zaragoza. Girona is 23, Zaragoza 17. The troops: 3 spearman, 1 knight. That's fine. But we also have movement from Barcelona to Zaragoza: 1 knight. And from Tarragona to Zaragoza: 3 archers. And from Huesca to Zaragoza: 1 archer. All these are going to Zaragoza. That's a lot of troops converging. But they are all friendly, so no problem.

One more thing: we are building in Pamplona 2 spearman. But Pamplona has wood 30, iron 20. Building 2 spearman uses 30 wood. That's fine. But we are not sending any troops from Pamplona. So those 2 spearman will stay in Pamplona. They will be ready next turn. We might want to send them to Burgos next turn. But we need more than 2 spearman to attack Burgos. So we will need to gather more.

Now, let's consider if we should also build in Valencia? Valencia has 0 resources, so no.

Now, let's think about the enemy. The enemy might be doing something. Since we don't know, we can't plan. But we can assume they are not attacking us immediately.

I think this is a solid turn.

Let's produce the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":17,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":4,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":21,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":23,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":3,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":18,"destinoId":16,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":20,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":22,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [17]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [17]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [20]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [20]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO envio [17]->[12]: 4A (alvo neutra lanceiro)
ACEITO envio [21]->[17]: 3A
ACEITO envio [23]->[17]: 3S+1K
ACEITO envio [18]->[16]: 2S
ACEITO envio [20]->[17]: 1A
ACEITO envio [22]->[17]: 1K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Attack Madrid with Zaragoza's 4 archers to secure a neutral village and gain western intel. Reinforce Zaragoza with troops from Tarragona, Girona, Huesca, and Barcelona to rebuild its army. Build archers and spearmen across all available villages to prepare for attacks on Teruel, Murcia, and Burgos next turn. Next turn, explore west from Madrid and decide whether to take Teruel or push into enemy territory.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): King B's armies move on Madrid! Four archers from Zaragoza storm the neutral city, seeking to expand our dominion and uncover the enemy's secrets. Reinforcements from Tarragona, Girona, Huesca, and Barcelona march to Zaragoza to keep our war machine strong. Our builders work day and night, forging archers, spearmen, and knights to swell our ranks. The kingdom grows!
COMBATE [4] Badajoz: atacante A Fatk=5 (ef 8) Fdef=4 (ef 5) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~2
COMBATE [5] Faro: atacante A Fatk=5 (ef 8) Fdef=4 (ef 5) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~2
REFORCO [1] Santarem dono A: 1A+2K
COMBATE [16] Valencia: atacante B Fatk=6 (ef 9) Fdef=4 (ef 5) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~2
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 2A+1K
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 1A
REFORCO [21] Tarragona dono B: 1S+2A
placar: A 5 ald/tropas 2 | B 8 ald/tropas 7 | neutras 11 | transito 11 (A 5 | B 6)

########## TURNO 6 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3258 | resposta 7140 | raciocinio 5318 | finish stop | ms 76417
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 0, \"toId\": 3, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 1, \"toId\": 3, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 1, \"archer\": 4}},\n    {\"fromId\": 2, \"toId\": 0, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 1, \"archer\": 3}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Consolidate the northern front. Move all available troops from Lisboa, Santarem, and Evora to Coimbra to create a massive strike force. Next turn, launch coordinated attacks on Porto (using spearmen to counter knights) and Salamanca (using archers to counter spearmen). Secure the northern route, then push towards Madrid and the enemy capital Barcelona. Keep the southern villages producing troops to feed the main army.\",\n  \"statement\": \"Turn 6. I have consolidated my forces towards the northern hub. Troops from Lisboa, Santarem, and Evora are marching to reinforce Coimbra, the recently captured village. I have ordered the construction of infantry and archers across my producing villages to grow my army for the upcoming assaults on Porto and Salamanca.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A and provide a valid JSON response with build orders, movement orders, a campaign plan, and a statement.

Let me analyze the current state:

**My Villages:**
- [0] Lisboa (Capital): 6/300 troops at home (2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight available to send). 3 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights already marching to [3] Coimbra.
- [1] Santarem: 5/300 troops at home (1 spearman, 4 archer, 0 knight available).
- [2] Evora: 4/300 troops at home (1 spearman, 3 archer, 0 knight available).
- [3] Coimbra: 3/300 troops at home (0 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight available). Just conquered.
- [4] Badajoz: 0/300 troops.
- [5] Faro: 0/300 troops.

**Neutral Villages (visible):**
- [6] Porto: 3 knights, defense 8. March from [3] Coimbra: 1 fast turn.
- [7] Salamanca: 4 spearmen, defense 10. March from [3] Coimbra: 1 medium turn.
- [8] Toledo: 4 spearmen, defense 10. March from [4] Badajoz: 1 fast turn.
- [9] Sevilha: 4 archers, defense 10. March from [4] Badajoz: 1 medium turn.

**Unexplored:** 14 villages including enemy capital Barcelona [22].

**Road Network:**
- Coimbra [3] connects to Porto [6] and Salamanca [7].
- Badajoz [4] connects to Toledo [8], Sevilha [9], Salamanca [7].

**Current Troops Marching:**
- 3 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights from [0] Lisboa to [3] Coimbra, arriving in 1 turn.

**Economy:**
- Each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn.
- Costs: spearman (15 wood), archer (20 wood + 10 iron), knight (30 wood + 30 iron).
- Lisboa has 30 wood, 30 iron. Can build: 2 spearman (30 wood), or 1 archer (20 wood + 10 iron), or 1 knight (30 wood + 30 iron).
- Santarem has 30 wood, 20 iron. Can build: 1 spearman (15 wood), or 1 archer (20 wood + 10 iron).
- Evora has 30 wood, 20 iron. Can build: 1 spearman (15 wood), or 1 archer (20 wood + 10 iron).
- Coimbra has 0 wood, 0 iron. Cannot build anything.
- Badajoz has 30 wood, 20 iron. Can build.
- Faro has 30 wood, 20 iron. Can build.

**Win Condition:** Hold 18 of 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. Currently hold 6.

**Strategy:**
I need to expand. The northern front (Coimbra -> Porto/Salamanca) is the priority.
The army marching to Coimbra will arrive next turn. Then I can push to Porto and Salamanca.
I should build troops in my producing villages to reinforce.

Let me plan the builds:
- Lisboa: Build 2 spearman (costs 30 wood, 0 iron). Wait, Lisboa has 30 wood and 30 iron. 2 spearmen cost 30 wood. That's fine. Or I could build 1 knight (30 wood + 30 iron). But I already have knights marching. Let's build 2 spearmen or 1 archer + 1 spearman?
Wait, Lisboa has 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight available to send. The "available" means already built and ready to ship.
The resources are: wood 30 (+30/turn), iron 30 (+20/turn). This means current stock is 30 wood, 30 iron.
So I can build:
- 2 spearman (30 wood)
- 1 archer (20 wood + 10 iron)
- 1 knight (30 wood + 30 iron)
I'll build 2 spearmen to pad the infantry numbers.

- Santarem: wood 30, iron 20. Build 1 spearman (15 wood) and 1 archer (20 wood + 10 iron) = 35 wood... wait, 30 wood total. Can't do both.
Let's build 1 archer (20 wood + 10 iron) or 2 spearmen (30 wood). I'll build 1 archer.

- Evora: wood 30, iron 20. Build 1 archer (20 wood + 10 iron).

- Badajoz: wood 30, iron 20. Build 1 spearman (15 wood) or 1 archer. Let's build 1 spearman.

- Faro: wood 30, iron 20. Build 1 spearman.

Wait, I need to think about the counter triangle.
Spearman counters knight (1.5x).
Archer counters spearman (1.5x).
Knight counters archer (1.5x).
Most numerous type sets the counter.

Porto has 3 knights. I should send spearmen to counter them.
Salamanca has 4 spearmen. I should send archers to counter them.

Let's look at the march times:
From Coimbra [3] to Porto [6]: 1 fast turn (knights). Wait, the report says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". This means it takes 1 turn for fast troops, 1 for medium, 1 for slow? No, "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" usually means 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast. So it's 1 turn for everyone.
From Coimbra [3] to Salamanca [7]: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So 2 turns for slow, 1 for medium/fast.

If I send from Coimbra now (after the marching troops arrive):
The marching troops (3 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight) arrive at Coimbra next turn.
Coimbra currently has 1 archer, 2 knight at home.
So next turn, Coimbra will have 3 spearman, 2 archer, 4 knight (plus the 1 archer, 2 knight already there = 3 spearman, 3 archer, 4 knight? No, the marching ones arrive and join the garrison).
Wait, the marching troops are "3 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights: [0] -> [3], arrives in 1 turn".
So next turn they arrive. Coimbra will have: 3 spearman (arriving) + 0 (home) = 3 spearman. 1 archer (arriving) + 1 (home) = 2 archers. 2 knights (arriving) + 2 (home) = 4 knights.
Total at Coimbra next turn: 3 spearman, 2 archer, 4 knight.

I can order movements now from Coimbra [3] that will depart next turn? No, orders are simultaneous. If I order from Coimbra now, the troops there are only 1 archer, 2 knight. The marching ones haven't arrived yet.
So I should order from Lisboa, Santarem, etc. to reinforce Coimbra, or order Coimbra's current troops to attack.
If I send Coimbra's current troops (1 archer, 2 knight) to Porto, they will fight the 3 knights.
Archer (2 archery, 2 def) vs Knight (4 attack, 2 def).
Wait, the attacker counts ATTACK, defender counts DEFENSE.
If I attack Porto (3 knights) with 1 archer, 2 knights:
Attacker: 2 knights (4 attack), 1 archer (2 attack). Most numerous is knight (2 vs 1). Knight counters archer? No, knight counters archer, but the defender is knight. Spearman counters knight. So no counter bonus.
Total attack: 2*4 + 2 = 10.
Defender: 3 knights. Defense in village: 2 * 1.25 = 2.5 each? The report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 8".
So defender effective defense is 8.
Attacker force 10 vs defender 8. Attacker wins but takes losses.
Actually, the effective defense is already calculated. So 10 vs 8, attacker wins.
But I'd lose some troops.

Maybe I should wait for the reinforcements to arrive at Coimbra, then attack?
But orders are simultaneous. If I order from Lisboa to Coimbra, they arrive next turn. Then I can order from Coimbra the turn after.
However, the neutral villages harden every 5 turns. Porto was 5 turns ago (was 5, now 8). So it will harden again in... wait, "was 5, 5 turns ago" means it was 5 five turns ago, now it's 8. It gains +1 every 5 turns. So next硬化 in 5 turns? Or does it mean it gained 3 in 5 turns? "every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop". So 5 turns ago it was 5, now it's 8... that's +3. Maybe it's +1 every 5 turns, so it went 5 -> 6 -> 7 -> 8 over 15 turns? The text says "was 5, 5 turns ago". This implies the base was 5, and it gained 3 over 5 turns? That doesn't match "+1 every 5 turns".
Actually, "was 5, 5 turns ago" might mean the defense was 5 five turns ago, and now it's 8. The defense includes location bonus. Maybe the garrison was 3 knights (attack 4, defense 2). In a village, defense is 2 * 1.25 = 2.5. 3 * 2.5 = 7.5, rounded to 8. So garrison is 3 knights. "was 5" might mean 2 knights (2 * 2.5 = 5).
So the garrison grew from 2 to 3 knights in 5 turns. That's +1 knight every 5 turns. Makes sense.

So Porto has 3 knights. Salamanca has 4 spearmen (defense 10: 4 * 2.5 = 10).

I need to attack Porto and Salamanca to expand.
To attack Porto (3 knights), I should use spearmen (counter knight, 1.5x bonus).
To attack Salamanca (4 spearmen), I should use archers (counter spearman, 1.5x bonus).

My available troops to send now:
- Lisboa: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight.
- Santarem: 1 spearman, 4 archer.
- Evora: 1 spearman, 3 archer.
- Coimbra: 1 archer, 2 knight.

If I send the 2 spearman from Lisboa to Coimbra, they will march. March from [0] to [3] is 1 turn (the report says the 3 spearmen etc arrive in 1 turn). So 2 spearman would arrive next turn.
If I send 4 archers from Santarem to Coimbra, they will arrive in some turns. Santarem to Coimbra: [1] to [3] is connected via [1] -> [3]? Road network: [1] Santarem: [0], [3], [4]. So direct road. March time? Not specified, but likely 1 or 2 turns.
If I send 3 archers from Evora to Coimbra: [2] Evora: [0], [5]. No direct road to [3]. Must go through [0] Lisboa. So [2] -> [0] -> [3]. That's 2 legs.

Let's focus on the immediate next turn.
I can send troops from Coimbra [3] to Porto [6] now, using the 1 archer and 2 knights. But that's weak.
Better: send reinforcements to Coimbra now, and attack next turn.
But I can also attack now with Coimbra's troops. If I attack Porto with 1 archer, 2 knights, I might win but lose troops.
Let's calculate the battle:
Attacker: 2 knights (4 attack), 1 archer (2 attack). Most numerous: knight (2). Defender is knight. No counter (spearman counters knight).
Total attack = 2*4 + 2 = 10.
Defender: 3 knights. Effective defense = 8 (given in report).
Attacker wins (10 > 8).
Losses: Attacker loses (defender's effective force) / (attacker's effective force + defender's effective force)? No, "attrition against the loser's effective force".
Actually, the rules say: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
Usually, losses are proportional. Defender has 8 effective force. Attacker has 10.
Attacker loses roughly 8/10 of their force? Or defender loses 8, attacker loses some fraction.
If I lose 2 knights and 1 archer, I gain nothing but lose the village's garrison.
It's better to wait and attack with a larger, counter-matched army.

So, plan:
1. Build troops in producing villages.
2. Send reinforcements to Coimbra.
3. Next turn, attack Porto with spearmen (from Coimbra + arriving reinforcements) and Salamanca with archers.

Let's check resources and builds:
- Lisboa: 30 wood, 30 iron. Build 2 spearmen (30 wood). Remaining: 0 wood, 30 iron.
- Santarem: 30 wood, 20 iron. Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Remaining: 10 wood, 10 iron.
- Evora: 30 wood, 20 iron. Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Remaining: 10 wood, 10 iron.
- Badajoz: 30 wood, 20 iron. Build 1 spearman (15 wood). Remaining: 15 wood, 20 iron.
- Faro: 30 wood, 20 iron. Build 1 spearman (15 wood). Remaining: 15 wood, 20 iron.

Movements:
- From Lisboa [0] to Coimbra [3]: Send 2 spearmen, 2 archers, 2 knights? Wait, Lisboa has 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight available to send NOW. The 3 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights are already marching.
I can send the remaining 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight to Coimbra. That empties Lisboa's garrison but reinforces Coimbra heavily.
Wait, Lisboa is the capital. Should I leave it undefended? The enemy is far (Barcelona). No enemy troops sighted. It's safe to empty Lisboa for now.
- From Santarem [1] to Coimbra [3]: Send 1 spearman, 4 archers.
- From Evora [2] to Lisboa [0]: Send 1 spearman, 3 archers. Then from Lisboa to Coimbra next turn. Or send directly to Coimbra via Lisboa? The rules say "armies march along the road network". Can I order a multi-step march? "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". If I order Evora to Coimbra, they go Evora -> Lisboa (mine) -> Coimbra (mine). They pass through Lisboa. Do they stop? "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours". Lisboa is mine, so they don't stop. They continue to Coimbra.
But the travel time would be the sum of the legs. Evora to Lisboa: 1 turn? Lisboa to Coimbra: 1 turn. Total 2 turns.
If I send them to Lisboa now, they arrive next turn. Then I can send them to Coimbra the turn after.
It's simpler to send Evora's troops to Lisboa now, and Lisboa's troops to Coimbra now.
- From Coimbra [3]: Send nothing yet, or send the 1 archer, 2 knights to Salamanca? No, wait for reinforcements.
Actually, I can order Coimbra to attack Porto [6] now with the 1 archer, 2 knights. But I don't want to.
I'll order Coimbra to hold. Wait, can I order "defend" or just not move? The movements list is for sending troops. If I don't list Coimbra, they stay.
But I need to send Coimbra's troops somewhere eventually.
Let's send Coimbra's 1 archer, 2 knights to Salamanca [7]? Salamanca has 4 spearmen. Archer counters spearman. 1 archer, 2 knights vs 4 spearmen.
Attacker: 2 knights (4 attack), 1 archer (2 attack). Most numerous: knight. Defender: spearman. Archer counters spearman, but my most numerous is knight. No counter bonus.
Total attack: 10.
Defender: 4 spearmen. Defense in village: 2 * 1.25 = 2.5 each. Total = 10.
Tie favors defender. So I would lose.
So don't attack Salamanca yet.

What about sending Coimbra's troops to reinforce somewhere? They are already at Coimbra. I can just leave them there.

Let's refine the movements:
- Lisboa [0] -> Coimbra [3]: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. (Total 6 troops).
- Santarem [1] -> Coimbra [3]: 1 spearman, 4 archer. (Total 5 troops).
- Evora [2] -> Lisboa [0]: 1 spearman, 3 archer. (Total 4 troops).
- Badajoz [4] -> ? Badajoz connects to [1] Santarem, [5] Faro, [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha.
I should send Badajoz's troops to a useful front. Badajoz has 0 troops at home, but I can build 1 spearman there. Where to send it?
To Coimbra? Badajoz -> Santarem -> Coimbra. That's 2 legs.
Or Badajoz -> Salamanca (neutral) -> Coimbra? Can't march through neutral without fighting.
So Badajoz -> Santarem -> Coimbra.
- Faro [5] -> ? Faro connects to [2] Evora, [4] Badajoz, [9] Sevilha.
Send Faro's built spearman to Evora -> Lisboa -> Coimbra.

Let's simplify.
Turn 6 orders:
Builds:
- Lisboa: 2 spearman.
- Santarem: 1 archer.
- Evora: 1 archer.
- Badajoz: 1 spearman.
- Faro: 1 spearman.

Movements:
- Lisboa [0] -> Coimbra [3]: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. (Reinforce Coimbra).
- Santarem [1] -> Coimbra [3]: 1 spearman, 4 archer. (Reinforce Coimbra).
- Evora [2] -> Lisboa [0]: 1 spearman, 3 archer. (Move towards capital/Lisboa to then go to Coimbra).
- Badajoz [4] -> Santarem [1]: 1 spearman. (Move towards the main army).
- Faro [5] -> Evora [2]: 1 spearman. (Move towards the main army).

Wait, the troops I'm sending from Badajoz and Faro are the ones I just built? No, builds happen this turn, so they are ready next turn. Movements are for troops already available.
"AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" lists the troops already built.
Badajoz has 0 available to send now. So I can't send from Badajoz this turn.
Faro has 0 available to send now.
So movements can only use the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" troops.

Available to send now:
- Lisboa: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight.
- Santarem: 1 spearman, 4 archer.
- Evora: 1 spearman, 3 archer.
- Coimbra: 1 archer, 2 knight.

So movements:
- Lisboa [0] -> Coimbra [3]: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight.
- Santarem [1] -> Coimbra [3]: 1 spearman, 4 archer.
- Evora [2] -> Lisboa [0]: 1 spearman, 3 archer.
- Coimbra [3] -> Porto [6]: 1 archer, 2 knight? No, too weak.
- Coimbra [3] -> Salamanca [7]: 1 archer, 2 knight? No, too weak.
Leave Coimbra's troops there to defend the newly conquered village.

Let's check the march times.
Lisboa to Coimbra: The report says "3 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights: [0] -> [3], arrives in 1 turn". So 1 turn.
Santarem to Coimbra: [1] to [3] is direct. Likely 1 turn.
Evora to Lisboa: [2] to [0] is direct. Likely 1 turn.

So next turn (Turn 7):
Coimbra will have:
- Arriving from Lisboa: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight.
- Arriving from Santarem: 1 spearman, 4 archer.
- Already there (from previous march): 3 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight (arriving next turn from the Turn 5 order).
- Already at home: 1 archer, 2 knight.
Wait, the "already marching out" from Lisboa (3 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights) arrives in 1 turn. So next turn they are there.
The home troops (1 archer, 2 knight) are there now.
If I don't move them, they stay.
So next turn Coimbra garrison:
3 spearman (arriving) + 2 spearman (from new order) + 1 spearman (from Santarem) = 6 spearman.
1 archer (arriving) + 2 archer (from Lisboa) + 4 archer (from Santarem) + 1 archer (home) = 8 archers.
2 knights (arriving) + 2 knights (from Lisboa) + 2 knights (home) = 6 knights.
Total: 6 spearman, 8 archer, 6 knight. Very strong!
Plus Evora's troops (1 spearman, 3 archer) will arrive at Lisboa next turn, then can go to Coimbra the turn after.

This is a good consolidation.

Let's double check the build costs and resources.
Lisboa: wood 30, iron 30.
2 spearman = 30 wood, 0 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 30 iron.
Can I build anything else? Knight costs 30 wood + 30 iron. I have 0 wood left. So no.
Santarem: wood 30, iron 20.
1 archer = 20 wood + 10 iron. Remaining: 10 wood, 10 iron.
Evora: wood 30, iron 20.
1 archer = 20 wood + 10 iron. Remaining: 10 wood, 10 iron.
Badajoz: wood 30, iron 20.
1 spearman = 15 wood. Remaining: 15 wood, 20 iron.
Faro: wood 30, iron 20.
1 spearman = 15 wood. Remaining: 15 wood, 20 iron.

All builds are valid.

Now, the "plan" text.
I need to write a campaign plan for the next several turns.
Plan: Consolidate the northern front. Move all available troops from Lisboa, Santarem, and Evora to Coimbra to create a strike force. Next turn, attack Porto with spearmen (counter knights) and Salamanca with archers (counter spearmen). Use the southern villages (Badajoz, Faro) as secondary production hubs, sending their troops north via the road network. Aim to secure the northern route and then push towards the enemy capital Barcelona.

"statement" text.
Statement: Turn 6. I have consolidated my forces towards the northern hub. Troops from Lisboa, Santarem, and Evora are marching to reinforce Coimbra, the recently captured village. I have ordered the construction of infantry and archers across my producing villages to grow my army for the upcoming assaults on Porto and Salamanca.

Let's format the JSON.

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 4, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 5, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 1}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 0, "toId": 3, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 2, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 1, "toId": 3, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 4}},
    {"fromId": 2, "toId": 0, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 3}}
  ],
  "plan": "Consolidate the northern front. Move all available troops from Lisboa, Santarem, and Evora to Coimbra to create a massive strike force. Next turn, launch coordinated attacks on Porto (using spearmen to counter knights) and Salamanca (using archers to counter spearmen). Secure the northern route, then push towards Madrid and the enemy capital Barcelona. Keep the southern villages (Badajoz, Faro) producing troops to feed the main army.",
  "statement": "Turn 6. I have consolidated my forces towards the northern hub. Troops from Lisboa, Santarem, and Evora are marching to reinforce Coimbra, the recently captured village. I have ordered the construction of infantry and archers across my producing villages to grow my army for the upcoming assaults on Porto and Salamanca."
}

Wait, the plan text is a bit long. Let's keep it under 600 characters.
"Consolidate the northern front. Move all available troops from Lisboa, Santarem, and Evora to Coimbra to create a massive strike force. Next turn, launch coordinated attacks on Porto (using spearmen to counter knights) and Salamanca (using archers to counter spearmen). Secure the northern route, then push towards Madrid and the enemy capital Barcelona. Keep the southern villages producing troops to feed the main army."
Length: ~500 characters. Good.

Let's review the rules again.
"Each village you hold produces resources every turn, and resources are what build your army."
"Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."
"Use only ids that appear in the report above."
"Empty lists are valid orders."

Ids used: 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. All are my villages.
Troops sent: from 0 to 3, from 1 to 3, from 2 to 0.
Troops available:
Lisboa: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. Sent: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. OK.
Santarem: 1 spearman, 4 archer. Sent: 1 spearman, 4 archer. OK.
Evora: 1 spearman, 3 archer. Sent: 1 spearman, 3 archer. OK.
Coimbra: 0 sent. OK.

Looks solid.

One thing: the marching troops from Lisboa (3 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights) are already on the way. I don't need to order them again.
The "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" lists the troops not yet ordered to march.
So my orders are correct.

Let's double check the JSON format.
{
  "build": [ {"villageId": <id>, "type": <type>, "quantity": <n>} ],
  "movements": [ {"fromId": <id>, "toId": <id>, "troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}} ],
  "plan": "<text>",
  "statement": "<text>"
}

My JSON matches.

Final check on the plan and statement.
Plan: Focus on the north. Coimbra is the key. Porto and Salamanca are the next targets. Southern villages support.
Statement: Informative, slightly optimistic.

I will output the JSON.

ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":0,"destinoId":3,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":1,"destinoId":3,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":4}},{"origemId":2,"destinoId":0,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":3}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO envio [0]->[3]: 2S+2A+2K
ACEITO envio [1]->[3]: 1S+4A
ACEITO envio [2]->[0]: 1S+3A
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Consolidate the northern front. Move all available troops from Lisboa, Santarem, and Evora to Coimbra to create a massive strike force. Next turn, launch coordinated attacks on Porto (using spearmen to counter knights) and Salamanca (using archers to counter spearmen). Secure the northern route, then push towards Madrid and the enemy capital Barcelona. Keep the southern villages producing troops to feed the main army.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): Turn 6. I have consolidated my forces towards the northern hub. Troops from Lisboa, Santarem, and Evora are marching to reinforce Coimbra, the recently captured village. I have ordered the construction of infantry and archers across my producing villages to grow my army for the upcoming assaults on Porto and Salamanca.
########## TURNO 6 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 2896 | resposta 10597 | raciocinio 10597 | finish content_filter | ms 140131
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B in a strategy game. I need to analyze the current state, decide on builds and movements, and provide a plan and statement.

Let's analyze the current state:
- Turn 6.
- My villages: 9 (Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Castellon, Zaragoza, Huesca, Valencia, Madrid, Pamplona).
- Total troops at home: 29 (13 spearman, 12 archer, 4 knight) + 4 marching (3 spearmen, 1 knight from Girona to Zaragoza, arriving in 1 turn).
- Resources:
  - Barcelona: wood 30, iron 30. Troops: 1/300. Available: 1 knight.
  - Tarragona: wood 30, iron 50. Troops: 4/300. Available: 3 spearman, 1 archer.
  - Girona: wood 30, iron 50. Troops: 2/300. Available: 2 spearman. Marching out: 3 spearmen, 1 knight.
  - Castellon: wood 30, iron 60. Troops: 2/300. Available: 2 spearman.
  - Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 30. Troops: 10/300. Available: 1 spearman, 6 archer, 3 knight.
  - Huesca: wood 30, iron 30. Troops: 2/300. Available: 2 archer.
  - Valencia: wood 30, iron 20. Troops: 4/300. Available: 3 spearman, 1 archer.
  - Madrid: wood 0, iron 0. Troops: 2/300. Available: 2 archer.
  - Pamplona: wood 30, iron 40. Troops: 2/300. Available: 2 spearman.

Neutral villages visible:
- Teruel: 4 spearmen, defense 10. March from Valencia: 1 turn.
- Murcia: 4 archers, defense 10. March from Valencia: 1 turn.
- Burgos: 4 knights, defense 10. March from Madrid: 1 turn.
- Salamanca: 4 spearmen, defense 10. March from Madrid: 1 turn.
- Toledo: 4 spearmen, defense 10. March from Madrid: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

Unexplored: Cordoba, Badajoz, Porto, Vigo, Coimbra, Sevilha, Faro, Santarem, Lisboa (enemy capital), Evora.

Road network:
- Madrid connects to Salamanca, Toledo, Burgos, Zaragoza.
- Valencia connects to Teruel, Murcia, Castellon.
- Zaragoza connects to Madrid, Teruel, Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona.
- etc.

Goal: Hold 18 of 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. Currently hold 9.
Enemy capital is Lisboa.

Let's think about strategy.
We need to expand. We have 9 villages. We need 18.
We can see some neutral villages: Teruel, Murcia, Burgos, Salamanca, Toledo.
We should attack these neutrals to expand.
But we need to build troops first, or send existing troops.
Let's check resources and build capabilities.
Each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn.
Costs:
- spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron.
- archer: 20 wood, 10 iron.
- knight: 30 wood, 30 iron.

Let's calculate what we can build this turn.
Barcelona: wood 30, iron 30. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 spearman (30 wood). Let's build 2 archers or 1 knight. Knight is expensive but powerful. Archers are good. Let's build 2 archers.
Tarragona: wood 30, iron 50. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 2 spearman (30 wood). Let's build 2 archers.
Girona: wood 30, iron 50. Can build 2 archers or 1 knight. Let's build 2 archers.
Castellon: wood 30, iron 60. Can build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Let's build 3 archers.
Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 30. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Let's build 2 archers.
Huesca: wood 30, iron 30. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight. Let's build 2 archers.
Valencia: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearman (30 wood). Let's build 1 archer and 1 spearman? Wait, 1 archer is 20 wood, 10 iron. 1 spearman is 15 wood. Total 35 wood, 10 iron. We have 30 wood, 20 iron. So we can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron). Total 35 wood, 10 iron. Yes.
Madrid: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build anything.
Pamplona: wood 30, iron 40. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 2 archers.

Let's plan attacks.
We have troops available to send.
From Valencia: can send 3 spearman, 1 archer to Teruel or Murcia. Teruel has 4 spearmen, defense 10. Murcia has 4 archers, defense 10.
If we send 3 spearman, 1 archer to Teruel:
Attack power: spearman attack 1, archer attack 2. Total attack = 3*1 + 2 = 5.
Counter: spearman counters knight, archer counters spearman, knight counters archer.
Defender is 4 spearmen. Most numerous is spearman.
Our most numerous is spearman (3 vs 1 archer). So matchup is spearman vs spearman. No counter bonus.
Defender defense: spearman defense 2. Location bonus included in effective defense 10.
Wait, effective defense is 10. This already includes location bonus.
So defender effective force is 10.
Our attack force is 5. We lose.
If we send to Murcia: 4 archers. Our 3 spearman, 1 archer. Most numerous is spearman. Defender is archer. Knight counters archer, but we have spearman. No counter. Our attack 5, defense 10. Lose.

From Madrid: can send 2 archer to Salamanca (4 spearmen, defense 10) or Burgos (4 knights, defense 10) or Toledo (4 spearmen, defense 10).
2 archers attack 4. Defender defense 10. Lose.

We need to send more troops.
We can send troops from other villages to reinforce Madrid or Valencia, then attack.
But movement takes time.
Zaragoza has 1 spearman, 6 archer, 3 knight. Attack power 25.
We can send Zaragoza to Madrid (1 turn? Madrid to Zaragoza is connected. Let's check road: Madrid [12] connects to [7], [8], [14], [17] (Zaragoza). So Zaragoza to Madrid is 1 turn? Wait, march from Zaragoza to Madrid: road distance. Let's check the report for march distances. It doesn't list distances from Zaragoza to Madrid, but they are connected. Usually 1 turn for adjacent.
Wait, the report says "march from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Teruel. So adjacent is 1 turn.
Zaragoza to Madrid is adjacent. So 1 turn.
But if we send Zaragoza's troops to Madrid, they arrive next turn, then we can attack from Madrid the turn after.
Alternatively, we can send Zaragoza to Teruel directly? Zaragoza connects to Teruel [13] via [17] Zaragoza - [13] Teruel? Road network: [13] Teruel connects to [8], [16], [17], [18]. So Zaragoza [17] to Teruel [13] is adjacent. 1 turn.
Zaragoza has 1 spearman, 6 archer, 3 knight. Attack power: 1*1 + 6*2 + 3*4 = 1 + 12 + 12 = 25.
Teruel defense: 4 spearmen, effective defense 10.
Our most numerous: archer (6). Defender: spearman. Archer counters spearman! So we get 1.5x multiplier.
Effective attack = 25 * 1.5 = 37.5. Defense 10. We win easily.
But wait, we need to send troops from Zaragoza. Can we send all? Yes, "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 1 spearman, 6 archer, 3 knight".
If we send them to Teruel, they march 1 turn. During that turn, Teruel's defense is 10. On arrival, we attack.
Is it better to send from Zaragoza to Teruel? Yes, we can take Teruel.
What about Murcia? Murcia has 4 archers, defense 10.
From Valencia, we have 3 spearman, 1 archer. Not enough.
From Zaragoza to Murcia: Zaragoza [17] -> [13] Teruel -> [16] Valencia -> [15] Murcia? Or Zaragoza -> Madrid -> ... No, road network: [15] Murcia connects to [11], [16]. [16] Valencia connects to [13], [15], [18]. So Murcia is only reachable via Valencia or Cordoba. So Zaragoza to Murcia would go through Teruel (neutral) or Valencia (ours). If we go through Teruel, we stop there. So we must take Teruel first.
So attacking Teruel from Zaragoza is a good move.
Let's check if we can send Zaragoza's troops to Teruel.
Zaragoza to Teruel: 1 turn.
Troops: 1 spearman, 6 archer, 3 knight.
Attack: 25. Counter: archer vs spearman = 1.5x. Effective attack = 37.5. Defense 10. Win.
Losses: We lose some troops. Attrition is against loser's effective force. Loser is defender with 10. Winner is attacker with 37.5. Attrition is proportional? "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." Usually it's a fraction. Let's assume we lose some but win.
After winning, we take Teruel. Teruel becomes ours. We lose some troops, but we gain a village.
What about Madrid? Madrid is ours. We can send troops from Madrid to attack Salamanca or Burgos.
Madrid has 2 archer. Not enough.
We can send troops from Zaragoza to Madrid to reinforce, but if we send Zaragoza to Teruel, Zaragoza will be empty.
We can send troops from other villages to Zaragoza to rebuild.
Let's look at the plan from last turn: "Attack Madrid with Zaragoza's 4 archers to secure a neutral village and gain western intel. Reinforce Zaragoza with troops from Tarragona, Girona, Huesca, and Barcelona to rebuild its army. Build archers and spearmen across all available villages to prepare for attacks on Teruel, Murcia, and Burgos next turn."
Wait, last turn we attacked Madrid? "You attacked [12] Madrid: VICTORY, conquered". Madrid was neutral, now it's ours.
So the plan was to attack Madrid, which we did.
Now we have Madrid.
Next step: explore west from Madrid, decide whether to take Teruel or push into enemy territory.
We can see Salamanca, Toledo, Burgos from Madrid.
We can also see Teruel, Murcia from Valencia.
We should attack Teruel from Zaragoza, and maybe Salamanca from Madrid?
But Madrid only has 2 archer. We need to reinforce Madrid.
We can send troops from Pamplona to Madrid? Pamplona [19] connects to [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza, [20] Huesca. Not directly to Madrid. To get to Madrid, they'd have to go through Zaragoza or Burgos. Zaragoza is ours, so Pamplona to Zaragoza to Madrid. But that's 2 turns.
We can send troops from Tarragona to Zaragoza, then to Madrid? Tarragona [21] connects to [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [22] Barcelona. So Tarragona to Zaragoza is 1 turn.
We can send Tarragona's troops to Zaragoza, then next turn to Madrid.
But we need to act now.
Let's prioritize taking Teruel with Zaragoza's troops. It's a sure win and gives us a 10th village.
Then we can build in Teruel and expand.
Let's check if we can send Zaragoza to Teruel and also send Valencia to Murcia? Valencia has 3 spearman, 1 archer. Attack 5. Murcia defense 10. Not enough. We need to reinforce Valencia first.
We can send Castellon's troops to Valencia? Castellon [18] connects to [13] Teruel, [16] Valencia, [21] Tarragona. So Castellon to Valencia is 1 turn. Castellon has 2 spearman. We can send them to Valencia to reinforce, then next turn attack Murcia.
But we need to build and send.
Let's decide on builds and movements for this turn.

Builds:
We need to build troops to replace losses and expand.
Let's build archers and spearmen where we have resources.
Barcelona: 2 archers (cost 40 wood, 20 iron. We have 30 wood, 30 iron. Wait, 40 wood > 30. So we can't build 2 archers. We can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron). Total 35 wood, 10 iron. Yes. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 1 archer and 1 spearman.
Tarragona: wood 30, iron 50. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) - we have 30 wood, so no. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) = 35 wood, 10 iron. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 1 knight? Knight is expensive but useful. Or 1 archer and 1 spearman. Let's build 1 archer and 1 spearman.
Girona: wood 30, iron 50. Same, 1 archer and 1 spearman.
Castellon: wood 30, iron 60. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) = 35 wood, 10 iron. Or 2 archers? 40 wood > 30. So 1 archer and 1 spearman.
Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 30. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) = 35 wood, 10 iron. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 1 archer and 1 spearman.
Huesca: wood 30, iron 30. Same, 1 archer and 1 spearman.
Valencia: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) = 35 wood, 10 iron. Yes.
Madrid: wood 0, iron 0. Nothing.
Pamplona: wood 30, iron 40. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) = 35 wood, 10 iron. Yes.

Wait, let's check the exact resources.
Barcelona: wood 30, iron 30.
- 1 archer: 20 wood, 10 iron. Remaining: 10 wood, 20 iron.
- 1 spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron. Remaining: -5 wood. Not enough!
Ah, wood is 30. 1 archer (20) + 1 spearman (15) = 35 wood. We only have 30. So we can't build both.
We can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> remaining 10 wood, 20 iron.
Or 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron) -> remaining 0 wood, 30 iron.
Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> remaining 0 wood, 0 iron.
Let's build 2 spearman in Barcelona. Cost 30 wood.
Tarragona: wood 30, iron 50.
- 2 spearman: 30 wood. Remaining 0 wood, 50 iron.
- 1 archer: 20 wood, 10 iron. Remaining 10 wood, 40 iron.
- 1 knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. Remaining 0 wood, 20 iron.
Let's build 1 knight in Tarragona? Or 2 spearman and 1 archer? 2 spearman (30 wood) + 1 archer (20 wood) = 50 wood > 30. So we can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood) or 1 knight (30 wood).
Let's build 1 knight in Tarragona for defense/power. Or 2 spearman. Let's build 2 spearman.
Girona: wood 30, iron 50. Same, 2 spearman.
Castellon: wood 30, iron 60. 2 spearman.
Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 30. 2 spearman.
Huesca: wood 30, iron 30. 2 spearman.
Valencia: wood 30, iron 20. 2 spearman.
Pamplona: wood 30, iron 40. 2 spearman.

Wait, archers cost 20 wood, 10 iron. Spearman cost 15 wood, 0 iron.
If we build 2 spearman, cost 30 wood. We have 30 wood. So we can build 2 spearman in all villages except Madrid (0 wood).
Let's do that: build 2 spearman in Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Castellon, Zaragoza, Huesca, Valencia, Pamplona. That's 8 villages * 2 = 16 spearman.
But we need archers too. Archers are good for counter.
Can we build 1 archer in some villages?
Barcelona: wood 30, iron 30. 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 10 wood left. Can't build spearman (needs 15). So 1 archer.
Tarragona: wood 30, iron 50. 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 10 wood left. Can't build spearman. So 1 archer.
Girona: same, 1 archer.
Castellon: wood 30, iron 60. 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 10 wood left. 1 archer.
Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 30. 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 10 wood left. 1 archer.
Huesca: wood 30, iron 30. 1 archer.
Valencia: wood 30, iron 20. 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 10 wood left. 1 archer.
Pamplona: wood 30, iron 40. 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 10 wood left. 1 archer.
So we can build 1 archer in all 8 villages. That's 8 archers.
But we also need spearman. We can't build both because wood is only 30.
Wait, what if we build 1 spearman (15 wood) and 1 archer (20 wood) = 35 wood. We only have 30. So we must choose.
Let's build 1 archer in each village. That gives us 8 archers.
Or we can build 2 spearman in some, 1 archer in others.
Let's look at our current troops: 13 spearman, 12 archer, 4 knight.
We have more archers already. Spearman are cheap and good for defense and countering knights.
Let's build 2 spearman in Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Castellon, Zaragoza, Huesca, Valencia, Pamplona. That's 16 spearman.
Wait, Tarragona has 3 spearman, 1 archer available. If we build 2 spearman, we get 5 spearman.
Let's just build 2 spearman everywhere we can. It's simple and builds a strong infantry base.
But we need iron for archers and knights. Iron is produced but we don't use it for spearman. That's fine.
Let's build 2 spearman in all 8 villages.
Wait, Valencia has wood 30, iron 20. 2 spearman cost 30 wood. Yes.
Madrid has 0 wood, so nothing.

Movements:
We need to attack Teruel from Zaragoza.
Zaragoza has 1 spearman, 6 archer, 3 knight. Send all to Teruel.
Teruel has 4 spearmen, defense 10.
Our attack: 1*1 + 6*2 + 3*4 = 1 + 12 + 12 = 25.
Counter: our most numerous is archer (6). Defender is spearman (4). Archer counters spearman. 1.5x multiplier.
Effective attack = 37.5. Defense 10. Win.
We should send all available troops from Zaragoza to Teruel.
What about Madrid? Madrid has 2 archer. We can send them to Salamanca or Burgos? But 2 archer attack 4, defense 10. Lose.
We can send Madrid's 2 archer to Zaragoza to reinforce? But Zaragoza is sending all troops away. If we send to Zaragoza, they arrive next turn, but Zaragoza will be empty. Then we can build in Zaragoza and send next turn.
Actually, if we send Zaragoza's troops to Teruel, they arrive next turn and fight. Zaragoza will be empty until we build more.
We can send Madrid's 2 archer to Madrid? No, they are already there.
We can send Madrid's 2 archer to Toledo? Toledo is neutral, 4 spearmen, defense 10. 2 archer attack 4, lose.
We can send Madrid's 2 archer to Salamanca? Same.
So Madrid's troops are not useful for attacking yet. We can keep them in Madrid for defense, or send them to Zaragoza to join the next attack.
Let's send Madrid's 2 archer to Zaragoza. They will arrive next turn. Then next turn, we can send them to Teruel? No, Teruel will be ours by then (if we win this turn). Actually, the attack on Teruel happens next turn (march time 1 turn). So the troops from Zaragoza arrive at Teruel next turn and fight. The troops from Madrid to Zaragoza arrive next turn. Then the turn after, we can send them from Zaragoza to somewhere else.
Alternatively, we can send Madrid's 2 archer to Salamanca? No, they would fight alone and lose.
Let's send Madrid's 2 archer to Zaragoza to reinforce for future operations.
What about Valencia? Valencia has 3 spearman, 1 archer. Attack 5. Teruel defense 10. If we send to Teruel, they fight alone and lose. Murcia defense 10, lose.
We can send Valencia's troops to reinforce Zaragoza? Valencia to Zaragoza: Valencia [16] -> [13] Teruel (neutral) -> [17] Zaragoza. But we can't march through a neutral village without stopping and fighting. So we can't send Valencia to Zaragoza directly unless we go through our villages. Valencia to Castellon [18] to Tarragona [21] to Zaragoza [17]? That's 3 turns. Too slow.
Valencia to Teruel is 1 turn. If we send them to Teruel, they fight the garrison? Wait, if we send Valencia's troops to Teruel, and Zaragoza's troops to Teruel, they arrive on the same turn but fight separately. "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So Valencia's 3 spearman, 1 archer would fight Teruel's 4 spearmen alone. Attack 5, defense 10. Lose. Then Zaragoza's troops fight the remaining? Actually, if Valencia loses, they are destroyed. Then Zaragoza fights the full garrison? Or does the garrison get weakened? The rules say "each send fights alone". So the garrison is full for each fight unless the first fight somehow reduced it? Usually in these games, the defender's troops are not reduced until after all attacks? The prompt says "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." It doesn't specify if the defender's troops are depleted between attacks. But "each send fights alone, one at a time" implies sequential fights. If the first attack fails, the defender might take losses? "The winner also takes losses". If the attacker loses, the attacker is destroyed entirely. The defender takes losses? "attrition against the loser's effective force". The loser is the attacker. So the defender takes no losses if they win? Or do they take attrition? "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." This means the winner takes losses equal to some fraction of the loser's effective force. So if the attacker loses, the attacker is destroyed, and the defender takes losses? Wait, "the winner also takes losses" implies even the winner loses some troops. So if Valencia attacks Teruel and loses, Valencia's troops are destroyed, and Teruel takes some losses? But Teruel's effective defense is 10. Valencia's attack is 5. Loser is Valencia. Winner is Teruel. Teruel takes losses against Valencia's effective force (5). So Teruel's defense might drop from 10 to something lower. Then Zaragoza's troops fight a weakened Teruel. That could work!
But it's risky. If Valencia's attack fails, they are all lost. And Teruel's defense might only drop slightly.
Let's calculate: Teruel defense 10. Valencia attack 5. Teruel wins. Teruel takes attrition against Valencia's attack (5). How much attrition? "attrition against the loser's effective force". Usually it's a ratio. If it's 1:1, Teruel loses 5 troops? But Teruel only has 4 spearmen! So they would all be lost? That doesn't make sense. Probably attrition is a fraction, like winner loses (loser's force / winner's force) * winner's troops? Or something.
The prompt doesn't give the exact formula for attrition. It says "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." This is vague.
Given the ambiguity, it's safer to send a strong force that wins decisively, minimizing losses.
Zaragoza's force of 25 attack vs 10 defense is a decisive win. We should send just Zaragoza's troops.
Sending Valencia's weak force might just get them wiped out for little gain.
So let's only send Zaragoza to Teruel.
What about other movements?
We can send troops from other villages to reinforce Zaragoza for future turns.
Tarragona has 3 spearman, 1 archer. Send to Zaragoza? Tarragona [21] to Zaragoza [17] is 1 turn. Yes, send them.
Girona has 2 spearman. Send to Zaragoza? Girona [23] to Zaragoza [17] via [20] Huesca? Road: [23] Girona connects to [20] Huesca and [22] Barcelona. [20] Huesca connects to [17] Zaragoza. So Girona to Zaragoza is 2 turns (Girona -> Huesca -> Zaragoza). Too slow.
Castellon has 2 spearman. Castellon [18] to Zaragoza [17] via [21] Tarragona? Or [18] to [13] Teruel to [17] Zaragoza? Castellon connects to [13], [16], [21]. Zaragoza connects to [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]. So Castellon to Zaragoza via Tarragona is 2 turns. Via Teruel is 2 turns. Too slow.
Huesca has 2 archer. Huesca [20] to Zaragoza [17] is 1 turn. Send them.
Pamplona has 2 spearman. Pamplona [19] to Zaragoza [17] is 1 turn. Send them.
Barcelona has 1 knight. Barcelona [22] to Zaragoza [17] via [21] Tarragona is 2 turns. Or via [23] Girona -> [20] Huesca -> [17] Zaragoza is 3 turns. Too slow.
So we can send Tarragona, Huesca, Pamplona to Zaragoza. That reinforces Zaragoza for next turn.
What about Madrid? Madrid has 2 archer. Send to Zaragoza? Madrid [12] to Zaragoza [17] is 1 turn. Yes, send them.
So we send:
- Zaragoza to Teruel: 1 spearman, 6 archer, 3 knight.
- Tarragona to Zaragoza: 3 spearman, 1 archer.
- Huesca to Zaragoza: 2 archer.
- Pamplona to Zaragoza: 2 spearman.
- Madrid to Zaragoza: 2 archer.
This leaves Tarragona, Huesca, Pamplona, Madrid with few troops, but they can build more.
Wait, Tarragona has 4 troops at home. If we send 3 spearman, 1 archer, it has 0 left. But it has resources to build.
Huesca has 2 archer, send all, 0 left.
Pamplona has 2 spearman, send all, 0 left.
Madrid has 2 archer, send all, 0 left.
Zaragoza will have its own builds (2 spearman) plus the incoming reinforcements. Next turn it will have a strong army.
But we need to defend our villages. If we send all troops away, we are vulnerable. However, the enemy is far (Lisboa, etc.) and we don't see any enemy armies. The fog of war hides them. But our interior villages have no enemy border. So they might be safe from immediate attack.
The prompt says "INTERIOR (no enemy border)" for all our villages. So they are not adjacent to enemy territory. That means the enemy cannot reach them in one turn without going through neutral villages or our other villages. So we are relatively safe.
Let's check the road network for enemy access.
Enemy capital is Lisboa [0]. It connects to Santarem [1] and Evora [2].
Santarem connects to Coimbra [3] and Badajoz [4].
Badajoz connects to Faro [5], Salamanca [7], Toledo [8], Sevilha [9].
Salamanca is neutral, connects to Madrid [12] (ours).
Toledo is neutral, connects to Madrid [12] and Cordoba [11].
So the enemy could potentially reach Salamanca or Toledo, then attack Madrid. But they would have to go through neutrals or our villages. Since we just took Madrid, the enemy might not know or might be far.
Given the "INTERIOR (no enemy border)" status, it seems the enemy is not adjacent to any of our villages. So we can safely send troops away.

Let's double check the "INTERIOR (no enemy border)" tag. It means no enemy village is directly connected by road to this village. So the enemy cannot attack it directly from an adjacent village. They would have to march through other villages. Since we own all villages around us (except neutrals), the enemy would have to conquer neutrals first. So we are safe for now.

Let's plan the builds:
We need to build troops to replace the ones we send.
We can build in:
- Barcelona: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood)
- Tarragona: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood) - wait, we send all troops from Tarragona. So we build 2 spearman.
- Girona: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood) - Girona already has 2 spearman at home, and 3 spearmen, 1 knight marching out. So we can build 2 more spearman.
- Castellon: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood)
- Zaragoza: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood) - we send all available, but we build 2.
- Huesca: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood) - we send 2 archer, build 2 spearman.
- Valencia: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood)
- Pamplona: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood) - we send 2 spearman, build 2.
- Madrid: 0 wood, so nothing.

Wait, can we build archers instead? Spearman are cheaper and we need numbers. But archers are better for attack. Let's build a mix.
Let's look at the resources again.
Barcelona: wood 30, iron 30. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spearman? No, 35 wood. So either 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Let's build 2 spearman.
Tarragona: wood 30, iron 50. 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Let's build 2 spearman.
Girona: wood 30, iron 50. 2 spearman.
Castellon: wood 30, iron 60. 2 spearman.
Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 30. 2 spearman.
Huesca: wood 30, iron 30. 2 spearman.
Valencia: wood 30, iron 20. 2 spearman.
Pamplona: wood 30, iron 40. 2 spearman.
This gives us 16 spearman builds. We also have 1 knight in Barcelona? No, Barcelona has 1 knight at home. We can't build more because we send it? Wait, Barcelona's available to send is 1 knight. We are not sending it. So it stays.
Actually, let's check if we should send the knight from Barcelona to Zaragoza. Barcelona to Zaragoza is 2 turns via Tarragona, or 3 via Girona. Too slow. So keep it in Barcelona for defense.

What about building archers? We have iron. We can build 1 archer in each village if we don't build the second spearman.
1 archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. 1 spearman costs 15 wood. Total 35 wood. We only have 30 wood. So we can't build both.
We can build 1 archer and 0 spearman, leaving 10 wood unused. Or 2 spearman, using all wood.
Since we need troops quickly, 2 spearman is better than 1 archer because we get 2 troops instead of 1, and spearman are useful.
Let's build 2 spearman in all 8 villages.

Wait, what about the marching troops? Girona has 3 spearmen, 1 knight marching to Zaragoza. They arrive in 1 turn. So next turn Zaragoza will have those plus the ones we send from Tarragona, Huesca, Pamplona, Madrid.
Let's calculate next turn's Zaragoza garrison if we do this:
Current Zaragoza: 10 troops (1 spearman, 6 archer, 3 knight). We send all to Teruel. So 0 left.
Incoming this turn:
- From Girona: 3 spearmen, 1 knight (arrives next turn)
- From Tarragona: 3 spearman, 1 archer (arrives next turn)
- From Huesca: 2 archer (arrives next turn)
- From Pamplona: 2 spearman (arrives next turn)
- From Madrid: 2 archer (arrives next turn)
Total incoming: 8 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight = 14 troops.
Plus builds this turn in Zaragoza: 2 spearman. So next turn Zaragoza will have 2 spearman (built) + 14 (incoming) = 16 troops.
That's a good army.
Then we can attack next turn from Zaragoza to somewhere else. Teruel will be ours by then (if we win this turn's march). So we can expand from Teruel or Zaragoza.

Let's check the march from Zaragoza to Teruel. It takes 1 turn. So they arrive next turn and fight. The result of the fight will be known next turn.
If we win, we take Teruel. Then we have 10 villages.
Then we can build in Teruel and expand.
Teruel is connected to Valencia, Zaragoza, Castellon, Toledo. So we can attack Murcia from Valencia (via Teruel? No, Valencia to Murcia is direct. Valencia [16] to [15] Murcia is 1 turn). Or attack Toledo from Madrid or Teruel.
We also need to secure the west. Madrid connects to Salamanca, Toledo, Burgos.
We can send troops from Zaragoza to Madrid next turn to reinforce Madrid, then attack Salamanca or Burgos.
But we need to build in Madrid. Madrid has 0 wood, 0 iron. It produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn, but currently has 0. So next turn it will have 30 wood, 20 iron. Then we can build 2 spearman or 1 archer.
Wait, "wood 0 (+30/turn) | iron 0 (+20/turn)". This means it currently has 0, but produces 30 and 20 per turn. So next turn it will have 30 wood, 20 iron. So we can build next turn.
For now, we can't build in Madrid.

Let's refine the movements.
We want to attack Teruel with Zaragoza's troops.
We want to reinforce Zaragoza with Tarragona, Huesca, Pamplona, Madrid.
We want to keep Girona's marching troops (they are already marching, we can't cancel).
What about Castellon? Castellon has 2 spearman. We can send them to Valencia to reinforce for a future attack on Murcia. Castellon to Valencia is 1 turn. Yes, send Castellon's 2 spearman to Valencia.
Valencia currently has 3 spearman, 1 archer. If we send 2 spearman from Castellon, next turn Valencia will have 5 spearman, 1 archer. Attack power: 5*1 + 2 = 7. Still less than Murcia's 10 defense. But if we also send from Zaragoza? Zaragoza is going to Teruel. After taking Teruel, we can send troops from Teruel to Valencia? Teruel to Valencia is 1 turn. Or from Zaragoza to Valencia via Teruel? That's 2 turns.
Maybe we should send Valencia's troops to Teruel as well? But they fight alone. If we send Valencia's 3 spearman, 1 archer to Teruel, they attack with 5. Teruel defense 10. They lose, but might weaken Teruel. Then Zaragoza's 25 attack fights a weakened Teruel. That could work, but we lose Valencia's troops. It's risky.
Better to keep Valencia's troops and reinforce them with Castellon, then attack Murcia next turn or the turn after. But Murcia defense is 10. We need more troops. We can send troops from Zaragoza to Valencia after they take Teruel? Zaragoza to Valencia is 2 turns (Zaragoza -> Teruel -> Valencia). Too slow.
We can send troops from Tarragona to Valencia? Tarragona to Valencia via Castellon is 2 turns.
So taking Murcia might take time. We should focus on the west first? Or the east?
The enemy capital is Lisboa, in the west. To get there, we need to go through the west: Madrid -> Salamanca -> Badajoz -> Lisboa? Or Madrid -> Toledo -> Cordoba -> Sevilha -> Lisboa? Let's check the road network.
Lisboa [0] connects to Santarem [1] and Evora [2].
Santarem [1] connects to Coimbra [3] and Badajoz [4].
Badajoz [4] connects to Salamanca [7], Toledo [8], Sevilha [9], Faro [5].
Salamanca [7] connects to Madrid [12], Coimbra [3], Porto [6], Badajoz [4].
Toledo [8] connects to Madrid [12], Badajoz [4], Cordoba [11], Teruel [13].
So from Madrid, we can go to Salamanca (northwest) or Toledo (south). Both lead to Badajoz, which is a gateway to the enemy capital.
Taking Salamanca and Toledo will give us access to Badajoz, then Santarem or Evora, then Lisboa.
So the west is the key to the enemy capital.
But we also need to hold 18 villages. We currently have 9. We need 9 more.
The neutral villages we can see: Teruel, Murcia, Burgos, Salamanca, Toledo. That's 5. If we take all of them, we have 14. We still need 4 more from the unexplored ones: Cordoba, Badajoz, Porto, Vigo, Coimbra, Sevilha, Faro, Santarem, Lisboa, Evora. Some of these are enemy villages. Lisboa is enemy capital. The others might be enemy or neutral.
We need to explore and conquer.
Taking Teruel, Salamanca, Toledo, Burgos, Murcia would give us 14. Then we need 4 more from the unexplored. That's a lot.
We should expand in all directions.
But we have limited troops.
Let's prioritize the west because the enemy capital is there, and taking it is NOT required to win, but eliminating enemy villages is an alternative win condition. Also, the west has more unexplored villages that might be enemy.
Actually, the win condition is: hold 18 of 24 villages for 2 consecutive turns, OR eliminate every enemy village.
We don't know how many enemy villages there are. The map has 24 villages total. We have 9. There are 5 visible neutrals. That leaves 10 unexplored. Some of those are enemy (Lisboa is one). So maybe 5-9 enemy villages.
If we eliminate all enemy villages, we win. That might be easier than holding 18 if the enemy has few villages.
But we don't know.
Let's focus on expanding and building a strong army.
For this turn, the main attack is Zaragoza -> Teruel.
Let's write the orders.

Builds:
- Barcelona: 2 spearman
- Tarragona: 2 spearman
- Girona: 2 spearman
- Castellon: 2 spearman
- Zaragoza: 2 spearman
- Huesca: 2 spearman
- Valencia: 2 spearman
- Pamplona: 2 spearman
Total: 16 spearman.

Wait, can we build knights? Knights are expensive (30 wood, 30 iron). We have iron, but wood is limited. 2 spearman cost 30 wood. 1 knight costs 30 wood. So we can build 1 knight instead of 2 spearman in some villages. Knights are faster and have higher attack (4 vs 2 defense). But spearman are cheaper and counter knights.
Let's stick with spearman for now to build numbers.

Movements:
- Zaragoza to Teruel: 1 spearman, 6 archer, 3 knight. (Send all available)
- Tarragona to Zaragoza: 3 spearman, 1 archer. (Send all available)
- Huesca to Zaragoza: 2 archer. (Send all available)
- Pamplona to Zaragoza: 2 spearman. (Send all available)
- Madrid to Zaragoza: 2 archer. (Send all available)
- Castellon to Valencia: 2 spearman. (Send all available)

Wait, if we send all from Tarragona, Huesca, Pamplona, Madrid, Castellona, they will have no troops left for defense. But they are interior and we just built 2 spearman each, so next turn they will have 2 spearman. That's a small garrison but okay for now.
What about Girona? Girona has 2 spearman at home, and 3 spearmen, 1 knight marching out. We build 2 spearman, so next turn it will have 4 spearman. We don't send any from Girona (the marching ones are already sent).
Barcelona has 1 knight at home. We build 2 spearman, so next turn it has 1 knight, 2 spearman. We don't send any.
Valencia has 3 spearman, 1 archer. We send none from Valencia (we only send Castellon's troops to Valencia). So Valencia will have 3 spearman, 1 archer + 2 spearman from Castellon = 5 spearman, 1 archer next turn.
Zaragoza sends all, but receives a lot. Next turn it will have the incoming troops plus the 2 spearman we build.

Let's check if we can send Castellon's troops to Valencia. Castellon [18] to Valencia [16] is 1 turn. Yes.
Why send to Valencia? To prepare for attacking Murcia. Murcia has 4 archers, defense 10. Valencia next turn will have 5 spearman, 1 archer. Attack = 5*1 + 2 = 7. Still not enough. But we can send more from Zaragoza next turn? Zaragoza will have 16 troops. We can send some to Valencia after they take Teruel. But Zaragoza to Valencia is 2 turns. So the turn after next, we can send Zaragoza troops to Valencia, arriving in 2 turns? No, if we send next turn from Zaragoza to Valencia, they march 2 turns? Let's check distance: Zaragoza [17] to Valencia [16] via [13] Teruel. [17] to [13] is 1 turn, [13] to [16] is 1 turn. Total 2 turns. So if we send next turn, they arrive in 2 turns (turn 8). Meanwhile, we can attack Murcia from Valencia on turn 8? Valencia's troops can attack Murcia on turn 7 (next turn). If we send Valencia's troops to Murcia next turn, they attack with 7 vs 10. Lose. So we need to reinforce Valencia before attacking Murcia. We can send Castellon's troops to Valencia now, arriving turn 7. Then on turn 7, Valencia has 5 spearman, 1 archer. We can send them to attack Murcia on turn 7? They would march 1 turn, arrive turn 8. So attack on turn 8. By then, we might have more troops. Or we can send Zaragoza's troops to Valencia on turn 7, arriving turn 9. That's slow.
Maybe we should focus on the west first. Madrid is our gateway to the west. We should reinforce Madrid and attack Salamanca and Toledo.
We can send Zaragoza's troops to Madrid next turn (after they take Teruel? No, Zaragoza's troops are going to Teruel this turn. Next turn they are at Teruel. We can't send them to Madrid from Teruel? Teruel to Madrid is not directly connected. Teruel [13] connects to [8] Toledo, [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon. Madrid [12] connects to [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza. So Teruel to Madrid would go through Toledo or Zaragoza. That's 2 turns.
So Zaragoza's troops are committed to the east (Teruel) for now.
We can send the reinforcements we are sending to Zaragoza instead to Madrid? But they are coming from Tarragona, Huesca, Pamplona, which are closer to Zaragoza than Madrid. Tarragona to Madrid via Zaragoza is 2 turns. Huesca to Madrid via Zaragoza is 2 turns. Pamplona to Madrid via Zaragoza is 2 turns. Madrid to Madrid is 0. So sending them to Zaragoza is faster for reinforcing the east.
If we want to attack the west, we should use Madrid's own troops and build there. But Madrid has 0 resources now. Next turn it will have 30 wood, 20 iron. We can build 2 spearman or 1 archer. Then we can attack Salamanca or Toledo. But Madrid only has 2 archer now. We need to send troops from other villages to Madrid.
Which villages can reach Madrid quickly? Zaragoza is 1 turn away. But Zaragoza is sending troops to Teruel. If we don't send Zaragoza to Teruel, we can send them to Madrid. But Teruel is a neutral village we can take. Taking it gives us a 10th village and expands our territory. It's a good move.
What if we send Zaragoza to Madrid instead of Teruel? Then we reinforce Madrid, and next turn we can attack Salamanca or Burgos from Madrid. But we lose the chance to take Teruel this turn. Teruel will remain neutral and might harden (gain +1 troop every 5 turns). It already has 4 spearmen, defense 10. It was 8 five turns ago, so it's been 5 turns? "was 8, 5 turns ago" means it gained +2? Actually, "every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop". So it gained 2 troops over 5 turns? Wait, 4 spearmen now, was 8? No, "garrison: 4 spearmen | effective defense: 10 (was 8, 5 turns ago)". The defense was 8, now 10. The garrison is 4 spearmen. So the garrison didn't change? Maybe the defense increased due to location bonus? Or the "was 8" refers to the defense? It says "effective defense (location bonus included): 10 (was 8, 5 turns ago)". So the defense increased from 8 to 10. That might be due to the +1 troop? If it gained 1 spearman, defense might go up. But garrison is 4 spearmen. So maybe it had 3 spearmen before? Anyway, it's a neutral village that will keep growing if we don't take it.
Taking it now is good.
But we also need to expand west.
Let's think about the big picture. We have 9 villages. We need 18. The map has 24. The enemy has at least 1 (Lisboa). There are 10 unexplored. Some are enemy, some neutral.
If we take all 5 visible neutrals, we have 14. We need 4 more from the 10 unexplored. That means we must explore and conquer some of the unexplored ones. Many of them are likely enemy (since the enemy capital is Lisboa, and the unexplored include Badajoz, Porto, Vigo, Coimbra, Sevilha, Faro, Santarem, Evora, Cordoba). Some of these might be enemy villages. If we eliminate all enemy villages, we win. So we should focus on finding and destroying the enemy villages.
The enemy capital is Lisboa. The enemy likely has villages around it. The unexplored ones near Lisboa are Santarem, Evora, Badajoz, Faro, Sevilha, Coimbra, Porto, Vigo. That's 8 villages. Plus Cordoba. So maybe 9 enemy villages? If we have 9, and there are 5 neutrals, that's 9+5+9=23? Wait, total 24. We have 9. Neutrals visible: 5. Unexplored: 10. So 9+5+10=24. The 10 unexplored include Lisboa (enemy capital). So 9 other unexplored. Some of them might be neutral, some enemy. If the enemy has, say, 5 villages including capital, then there are 5 neutral unexplored. We need to take all neutrals and enemy villages to reach 18? Actually, to hold 18, we need to own 18. If we take all 5 visible neutrals, we have 14. We need 4 more from the 10 unexplored. If some unexplored are neutral, we can take them. If they are enemy, we must conquer them. So we need to expand in all directions.
Given the limited troops, we should expand where we can win quickly.
Taking Teruel is a sure win (25 attack vs 10 defense). It gives us a village and connects us to more of the map.
Taking Salamanca or Burgos from Madrid requires more troops. Madrid only has 2 archer. We need to reinforce Madrid. We can send troops from Zaragoza to Madrid next turn, but Zaragoza is going to Teruel. What if we send some troops from Zaragoza to Madrid and some to Teruel? We can split Zaragoza's troops? "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 1 spearman, 6 archer, 3 knight". We can send, say, 1 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight to Teruel, and the rest to Madrid? But they fight separately. If we send a weak force to Teruel, they might lose. We need a strong force to take Teruel. So we should send all to Teruel.
Then, to reinforce Madrid, we can send troops from other villages to Madrid. Which villages are close to Madrid? Zaragoza is 1 turn. Pamplona is 2 turns (via Zaragoza). Huesca is 2 turns. Tarragona is 2 turns. Barcelona is 3 turns. Girona is 3 turns. Castellon is 2 turns (via Tarragona or Teruel). Valencia is 2 turns (via Teruel or Zaragoza). So only Zaragoza is 1 turn from Madrid. But Zaragoza is sending to Teruel. So we can't use Zaragoza for Madrid next turn.
What about sending from Pamplona to Madrid? Pamplona [19] to Madrid [12] via [17] Zaragoza. That's 2 turns. If we send now, they arrive turn 8. Then they can attack on turn 8. That's okay, but slow.
What about sending from Madrid to Salamanca? Madrid has 2 archer. Attack 4 vs Salamanca defense 10. Lose. So we need to build in Madrid first. Next turn Madrid will have 30 wood, 20 iron. We can build 2 spearman or 1 archer. Then Madrid will have 2 archer + 
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
COMBATE [12] Madrid: atacante B Fatk=8 (ef 12) Fdef=8 (ef 10) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~3
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 3A
REFORCO [16] Valencia dono B: 2S
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 1A
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 1K
COMBATE [3] Coimbra: atacante A Fatk=14 (ef 14) Fdef=4 (ef 5) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~3
REFORCO [0] Lisboa dono A: 1A+1K
REFORCO [1] Santarem dono A: 1S+1A
REFORCO [2] Evora dono A: 1S+1A
placar: A 6 ald/tropas 3 | B 9 ald/tropas 29 | neutras 9 | transito 5 (A 4 | B 1)

########## TURNO 7 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3239 | resposta 14904 | raciocinio 11891 | finish stop | ms 151925
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 3, \"toId\": 6, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 4}},\n    {\"fromId\": 3, \"toId\": 7, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 6, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 0, \"toId\": 3, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 3, \"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 1, \"toId\": 3, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 4, \"toId\": 3, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 1, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Launch coordinated attacks on Porto and Salamanca from Coimbra this turn: spearmen+knight vs Porto (counter bonus), archers vs Salamanca (counter bonus). After capturing both, push to Vigo and Madrid. Keep reinforcing Coimbra from Lisboa, Santarem, and Badajoz. Build troops at all villages to feed the northern advance. Southern villages (Badajoz, Faro) build archers for future push towards Toledo and Sevilha.\",\n  \"statement\": \"Ordered the assembly of a strike force at Coimbra and launched a two-pronged attack: spearmen and knights against Porto (leveraging the spearman-knight counter) and archers against Salamanca (leveraging the archer-spearmen counter). Reinforcements from Lisboa, Santarem, and Badajoz are marching to Coimbra to sustain the push. All six villages are producing troops for the campaign.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A and provide a JSON response with my orders for this turn, along with a plan and statement.

Let me analyze the current state:

**My Villages (6):**
- [0] Lisboa: 6/300 troops (3 spearman, 3 archer, 0 knight available) + 2 spearmen, 2 archers, 2 knights marching in
- [1] Santarem: 1/300 (0 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight available)
- [2] Evora: 1/300 (0 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight available)
- [3] Coimbra: 14/300 (4 spearman, 6 archer, 4 knight available) - effective defense 35
- [4] Badajoz: 1/300 (1 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight available)
- [5] Faro: 1/300 (1 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight available)

**Neutral Villages (visible):**
- [6] Porto: 3 knights, defense 8
- [7] Salamanca: 4 spearmen, defense 10
- [8] Toledo: 4 spearmen, defense 10
- [9] Sevilha: 4 archers, defense 10

**Unexplored:** 14 villages including Madrid, Barcelona, etc.

**Road Network:**
- Coimbra [3] connects to Porto [6] and Salamanca [7]
- Badajoz [4] connects to Salamanca [7], Toledo [8], Sevilha [9]
- Porto [6] connects to Vigo [10]
- Salamanca [7] connects to Madrid [12]
- Toledo [8] connects to Cordoba [11], Madrid [12], Teruel [13]
- Sevilha [9] connects to Cordoba [11]

**Current troops at home:** 24 total (9 spearman, 11 archer, 4 knight) + 6 marching

**My last plan:** Consolidate northern front, move troops to Coimbra, attack Porto and Salamanca, then push towards Madrid and Barcelona.

Let me think about what to do this turn.

First, let me check resources:
- Lisboa: wood 30, iron 50
- Santarem: wood 40, iron 30
- Evora: wood 40, iron 30
- Coimbra: wood 30, iron 20
- Badajoz: wood 45, iron 40
- Faro: wood 45, iron 40

Troops available to build:
- spearman: 15 wood + 0 iron
- archer: 20 wood + 10 iron
- knight: 30 wood + 30 iron

Let me check what each village can build:
- Lisboa: wood 30, iron 50. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Wait, 30 wood exactly for knight. Let me see: 30 wood, 30 iron. Yes, can build 1 knight.
- Santarem: wood 40, iron 30. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Evora: wood 40, iron 30. Same as Santarem.
- Coimbra: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Cannot build knight (needs 30 iron).
- Badajoz: wood 45, iron 40. Can build 3 spearman (45 wood) or 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Faro: wood 45, iron 40. Same as Badajoz.

Now, what's my strategy? I need to hold 18 of 24 villages for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.

Currently I have 6 villages. I need to capture 12 more.

Let me think about the nearest targets:
- Porto [6]: 3 knights, defense 8. March from Coimbra: 1 fast turn.
- Salamanca [7]: 4 spearmen, defense 10. March from Coimbra: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

Wait, march times from Coimbra:
- Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns
- Salamanca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns

So if I send knights from Coimbra to Porto, they arrive in 1 turn. If I send spearmen, they take 1 slow turn. Wait, "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means it takes 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast? That seems odd. Let me re-read.

"march from [3] Coimbra: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" - this likely means the distance is such that slow troops take 1 turn, medium take 1 turn, fast take 1 turn. So all take 1 turn.

For Salamanca: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" - slow troops take 2 turns, medium take 1, fast take 1.

OK so from Coimbra to Porto is 1 turn for all. To Salamanca is 2 turns for slow, 1 for medium/fast.

From Badajoz:
- Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns
- Sevilha: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns

Now, let me think about attacks.

Porto has 3 knights, defense 8. If I attack with, say, 4 spearmen + 6 archers + 4 knights from Coimbra:
- My most numerous type: archers (6). That sets the counter matchup: archers vs spearmen. But Porto has knights. So archers don't counter knights. No bonus.
- Wait, ties break in order spearman, archer, knight. My most numerous is archer (6), then spearman (4), then knight (4). So archer is most numerous.
- Enemy has 3 knights, most numerous is knight.
- Archer vs knight: no counter bonus.

Effective attack: archers have attack 2, so 6*2 = 12. Spearmen have attack 1, so 4*1 = 4. Knights have attack 4, so 4*4 = 16. Total attack = 32.
Effective defense: 8 (already includes location bonus).

Wait, but the combat rules say "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup". So my most numerous is archer (6), enemy's most numerous is knight (3). Archer vs knight: no counter. So no 1.5x bonus.

32 vs 8, I win easily.

But wait, I need to consider that I might want to send all available troops from Coimbra. That's 4 spearman, 6 archer, 4 knight.

Actually, let me think about what I should build and where.

My plan says to consolidate at Coimbra and attack Porto and Salamanca.

Let me think about building:
- Coimbra has wood 30, iron 20. Can build 2 spearman or 1 archer. I'd rather build spearman since they're cheaper and I need numbers.
- Actually, let me think about what I need. I need to capture villages. Porto has 3 knights. Spearmen counter knights (1.5x bonus). So I should send spearmen against Porto.

Wait, the counter triangle: spearman counters knight. So if my most numerous type is spearman, and enemy's most numerous is knight, I get 1.5x bonus.

So for attacking Porto (3 knights), I should make spearman my most numerous type.

From Coimbra, I have 4 spearman, 6 archer, 4 knight. If I send all, archer is most numerous. That's bad for the counter.

If I send only 4 spearman and 4 knight (no archers), then spearman and knight are tied at 4. Ties break in order spearman, archer, knight. So spearman is most numerous. That gives me the counter bonus against Porto's knights!

4 spearman: attack 4*1 = 4, with counter bonus: 4 * 1.5 = 6
4 knight: attack 4*4 = 16, no bonus
Total effective attack: 22

Enemy defense: 8. I still win.

But wait, I should also consider sending archers. If I send 5 spearman and 4 knight, spearman is most numerous. But I only have 4 spearman available at Coimbra.

Hmm, let me reconsider. What if I build more spearman at Coimbra? I can build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood). That would give me 6 spearman at Coimbra.

Then I could send 6 spearman + 4 knight. Spearman most numerous (6), counter bonus vs knights. Attack: 6*1*1.5 = 9 + 4*4 = 16. Total 25 vs defense 8. Overkill.

Actually, let me think about what's most efficient. I want to capture villages with minimal losses.

Let me also consider the other villages. Santarem has 1 archer, Evora has 1 archer, Badajoz has 1 spearman, Faro has 1 spearman. Lisboa has 3 spearman, 3 archer.

I should probably gather troops at Coimbra as per my plan.

Let me think about movements:
- From Lisboa to Coimbra: The road is [0] Lisboa -> [1] Santarem -> [3] Coimbra. Wait, Lisboa connects to [1] Santarem and [2] Evora. Santarem connects to [0], [3], [4]. So from Lisboa to Coimbra, I go through Santarem. But Santarem is mine, so I can pass through.

Actually, wait. The movement rules say armies march along roads and stop at the first non-friendly village. Since Santarem is mine, troops from Lisboa going to Coimbra would pass through Santarem and continue to Coimbra.

But what's the march time? The report doesn't give distances from Lisboa to Coimbra directly. Let me estimate: Lisboa to Santarem is probably 1 turn, Santarem to Coimbra is probably 1 turn. So 2 turns total for slow troops.

Hmm, but I don't have exact march times from Lisboa to Coimbra. The report only gives march times from the visible villages to the neutral ones.

Let me focus on what I can do this turn.

**Build orders:**
- Coimbra: build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood, 0 iron). Coimbra has wood 30, iron 20. After build: wood 0, iron 20.
- Lisboa: build 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Lisboa has wood 30, iron 50. After: wood 0, iron 20. Or build 2 spearman (30 wood). Let me think...

Actually, I need to think about what I'm attacking and when.

Porto is 1 turn from Coimbra. If I send troops now, they arrive next turn and fight. I need to have enough to win.

Salamanca is 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast from Coimbra. If I send knights/archers, they arrive in 1 turn. If I send spearmen, they take 2 turns.

Let me plan for this turn:
1. Build spearman at Coimbra to increase numbers.
2. Send troops from Coimbra to Porto.
3. Send troops from Coimbra to Salamanca (or wait for reinforcements).

Actually, I should also consider moving troops from other villages to Coimbra to build up a bigger force.

From Lisboa: 3 spearman, 3 archer available. March to Coimbra via Santarem. Probably 2 turns for slow (spearman), 1-2 for medium (archer). Wait, I don't know the exact times.

Hmm, let me just focus on what I can do this turn with reasonable certainty.

**Attack on Porto:**
Porto has 3 knights, defense 8.
From Coimbra, I have 4 spearman, 6 archer, 4 knight available.
If I send 4 spearman + 4 knight (leaving archers behind), spearman is most numerous (tied with knight but spearman breaks tie), giving counter bonus.
Effective attack: 4*1*1.5 + 4*4 = 6 + 16 = 22 vs defense 8. I win with 22 vs 8.

Losses: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So my losses are proportional to enemy's effective force. Enemy effective force is their attack? Wait, let me re-read.

"When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs."
"The side with the HIGHER effective force wins."
"The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."

So the loser's effective force determines the winner's losses. In this case, the defender's effective force is their defense (8). So my losses would be based on 8.

Hmm, the exact loss calculation isn't specified, but presumably some troops die. Let me not worry too much about exact losses and focus on winning.

Actually, I should also consider that Porto is neutral, not enemy. When I capture it, it becomes mine.

**Attack on Salamanca:**
Salamanca has 4 spearmen, defense 10.
From Coimbra, march time: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast.
If I send knights, they arrive in 1 turn. If I send archers, 1 turn. If I send spearmen, 2 turns.

For Salamanca (spearmen), archers counter spearmen. So I should send archers as the most numerous type.

But I also need to think about coordinating attacks. If I attack Porto this turn (arriving next turn), and Salamanca next turn (arriving in 1 turn if I send knights/archers), they might arrive at the same time. But the rules say "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So I can't combine forces from different villages for a single attack.

But I can send from the same village to different targets? Actually, I think I can send different groups from the same village to different targets. Let me re-read...

The rules say "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up". So troops from the same village going to the same target would add up. But can I split a village's troops to multiple targets? The JSON format allows multiple movements from the same fromId. Let me check if that's allowed.

Looking at the JSON format: "movements": [ {"fromId": ..., "toId": ..., "troops": {...}}, ... ]

I think I can have multiple movements from the same fromId to different toIds. That should be fine.

OK, let me plan my turn:

**Build:**
- Coimbra: 2 spearman (wood 30 -> 0, iron stays 20)
- Lisboa: 2 spearman (wood 30 -> 0, iron stays 50) or 1 knight (wood 30 -> 0, iron 50 -> 20)

Actually, let me think about what I need more of. I need spearman to counter knights, and archers to counter spearmen. Knights are expensive but powerful.

Let me build:
- Coimbra: 2 spearman (to reinforce for Porto attack)
- Lisboa: 1 knight (to build up heavy troops)
- Badajoz: 2 spearman (wood 30, iron 0) or 1 archer (wood 20, iron 10)

Wait, Badajoz has wood 45, iron 40. Can build 3 spearman (45 wood) or 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).

Let me think about the southern front. Badajoz connects to Toledo [8] and Sevilha [9]. These are neutral with 4 spearmen and 4 archers respectively.

Toledo: 4 spearmen, defense 10. Archer counters spearman.
Sevilha: 4 archers, defense 10. Knight counters archer.

From Badajoz, Toledo is 1 turn for all speeds, Sevilha is 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast.

So I could attack Toledo with archers from Badajoz. But Badajoz only has 1 spearman available. I need to build archers there.

Let me build at Badajoz: 2 archer (cost 40 wood, 20 iron). Then Badajoz has wood 5, iron 20.

Then from Badajoz, I could send 2 archer to attack Toledo. But 2 archers have attack 4, defense... wait, when attacking, only attack counts. 2 archers = attack 4. Toledo defense = 10. I'd lose.

I need more troops. Let me think about gathering troops from multiple villages.

Actually, let me focus on the northern front first as per my plan.

**Movements:**
1. From Coimbra [3] to Porto [6]: send 4 spearman + 4 knight. Arrive in 1 turn (all speeds are 1 turn from Coimbra to Porto).
   - Wait, spearman is slow, knight is fast. The mixed army marches at the speed of the slowest. So spearman speed = slow. March time for slow from Coimbra to Porto is 1 turn. So it takes 1 turn.
   - Actually, the report says "march from [3] Coimbra: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Porto. So slow takes 1 turn, medium 1, fast 1. All take 1 turn. Good.

2. From Coimbra [3] to Salamanca [7]: send 6 archer. March time: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. Archer is medium, so 1 turn.
   - Wait, if I send only archers, they're medium speed, so 1 turn to Salamanca.
   - 6 archers: attack 12. Counter bonus vs spearmen (archer counters spearman). So 12 * 1.5 = 18 effective attack. Defense 10. I win.

3. From Lisboa [0] to Coimbra [3]: send 3 spearman + 3 archer. March time unknown, but probably 2 turns for slow, 1-2 for medium.

4. From Santarem [1] to Coimbra [3]: send 1 archer. March time probably 1 turn.

5. From Evora [2] to Coimbra [3]: send 1 archer. March time probably 2 turns via Lisboa? Wait, Evora connects to [0] Lisboa and [5] Faro. To get to Coimbra, I'd go Evora -> Lisboa -> Santarem -> Coimbra. That's 3 hops. Or Evora -> Faro -> Badajoz -> Santarem -> Coimbra? That's 4 hops. The first route is shorter.

Actually, wait. Let me re-read the road network:
[2] Evora (yours): [0], [5]
[0] Lisboa (yours): [1], [2]
[1] Santarem (yours): [0], [3], [4]
[3] Coimbra (yours): [1], [6], [7]

So Evora -> Lisboa -> Santarem -> Coimbra. 3 hops.

For slow troops, that might be 3 turns. For medium, maybe 2 turns. For fast, 1-2 turns.

Hmm, this is getting complicated. Let me simplify.

Let me focus on this turn's orders:

**Build:**
- Coimbra: 2 spearman
- Lisboa: 1 knight (or 2 spearman)
- Badajoz: 2 archer
- Santarem: nothing (only 40 wood, 30 iron. Can build 2 spearman for 30 wood, or 1 archer for 20 wood 10 iron, or 1 knight for 30 wood 30 iron). Let me build 1 knight at Santarem? Wood 40, iron 30. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Yes, can build 1 knight.
- Evora: same as Santarem. Build 1 knight? Wood 40, iron 30. Yes.
- Faro: wood 45, iron 40. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron) or 3 spearman (45 wood). Let me build 1 knight.

Wait, I need to think about what makes sense strategically. I'm gathering at Coimbra for the northern push. But Coimbra has limited resources. Let me build spearman there since they're useful for countering knights at Porto.

Let me also think about the timing. If I send troops from Coimbra to Porto now, they arrive next turn and fight. Then Porto becomes mine. Then I can use Porto as a stepping stone to Vigo and beyond.

For Salamanca, if I send archers now, they arrive next turn and fight. Then Salamanca becomes mine. Then I can push to Madrid.

Let me plan:
- Coimbra: build 2 spearman (wood 30 -> 0)
- Lisboa: build 2 spearman (wood 30 -> 0) 
- Santarem: build 1 knight (wood 40 -> 10, iron 30 -> 0)
- Evora: build 1 knight (wood 40 -> 10, iron 30 -> 0)
- Badajoz: build 2 archer (wood 45 -> 5, iron 40 -> 20)
- Faro: build 1 knight (wood 45 -> 15, iron 40 -> 10)

Wait, but I also need to think about cap. Coimbra has 14 troops at home. After building 2 spearman, it has 16. Cap is 300, so fine.

Lisboa has 6 troops. After building 2 spearman, 8. Fine.

Now movements:
1. Coimbra -> Porto: 4 spearman + 4 knight (or 6 spearman + 4 knight if I build 2 more)
   After building 2 spearman, Coimbra has 6 spearman, 6 archer, 4 knight.
   Send 6 spearman + 4 knight to Porto. Spearman most numerous (6), counter bonus vs knights.
   Effective attack: 6*1*1.5 + 4*4 = 9 + 16 = 25 vs defense 8. Overkill but good.
   Wait, but I should keep some archers for Salamanca.
   
   Send 6 spearman + 4 knight to Porto. That uses all spearman and knight. Leaves 6 archer at Coimbra.
   
   Then send 6 archer to Salamanca. Archer most numerous, counter vs spearmen.
   Effective attack: 6*2*1.5 = 18 vs defense 10. Win.

2. Lisboa -> Coimbra: send 3 spearman + 3 archer + 1 knight (after building). Reinforce Coimbra.
   Wait, Lisboa has 3 spearman, 3 archer available. After building 2 spearman, it has 5 spearman, 3 archer. But the build happens this turn, so the new troops are available immediately? Let me re-read.

"Each troop type has its own ATTACK and DEFENSE values... costs... ready in 1 turn."
"Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."

So if I order a build, the troops are ready in 1 turn. That means they're available next turn, not this turn. So I can only send what's currently available.

Wait, "ready in 1 turn" means they take 1 turn to build. So if I order them now, they'll be ready next turn. I can't send them this turn.

So for Lisboa, available to send now: 3 spearman, 3 archer, 0 knight. After building, next turn there will be 5 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight (if I build 2 spearman + 1 knight).

OK so this turn, from Lisboa I can send 3 spearman + 3 archer to Coimbra.

From Santarem: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight available. Send 1 archer to Coimbra.

From Evora: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight available. Send 1 archer to Coimbra. But march time is probably 3 turns via Lisboa and Santarem.

From Badajoz: 1 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight available. Send to... maybe Coimbra? Road: Badajoz -> Santarem -> Coimbra. 2 hops. Or Badajoz -> Sevilha -> ... no, that's the wrong direction.

Actually, Badajoz connects to [1] Santarem, [5] Faro, [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha. To get to Coimbra, go through Santarem. Badajoz -> Santarem -> Coimbra. 2 hops.

From Faro: 1 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight available. Road: Faro -> Badajoz -> Santarem -> Coimbra. 3 hops. Or Faro -> Evora -> Lisboa -> Santarem -> Coimbra. 4 hops. The first is shorter.

Hmm, this is getting complex. Let me simplify and focus on the key actions.

**This turn's orders:**

Build:
- Coimbra: 2 spearman
- Lisboa: 2 spearman
- Santarem: 1 knight
- Evora: 1 knight
- Badajoz: 2 archer
- Faro: 1 knight

Movements:
1. Coimbra [3] -> Porto [6]: 6 spearman, 4 knight (after building 2 more spearman, Coimbra has 6 spearman, 6 archer, 4 knight. Wait, building takes 1 turn, so the 2 new spearman aren't available this turn. So I can only send 4 spearman, 6 archer, 4 knight.)

Hmm, so this turn I can send from Coimbra: 4 spearman, 6 archer, 4 knight.

Let me reconsider. If I send 4 spearman + 4 knight to Porto, spearman is most numerous (tied with knight, but spearman breaks tie). Counter bonus vs knights. Effective attack: 4*1*1.5 + 4*4 = 6 + 16 = 22 vs defense 8. Win.

And send 6 archer to Salamanca. Archer most numerous, counter vs spearmen. Effective attack: 6*2*1.5 = 18 vs defense 10. Win.

But wait, can I split Coimbra's troops like that? The JSON allows multiple movements from the same fromId. Let me check if there's any rule against it.

The rules say "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up". This implies troops from the SAME village CAN add up. But can I send them to different targets? I think so - the rule is about them not adding up when they arrive at the same target from different villages. Sending to different targets should be fine.

Actually, wait. Let me re-read: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."

This means if I send from Coimbra to Porto and from Lisboa to Porto, they fight separately. But if I send from Coimbra to Porto and from Coimbra to Salamanca, that's fine because they're going to different targets.

OK, so my movements:
1. Coimbra [3] -> Porto [6]: 4 spearman, 4 knight
2. Coimbra [3] -> Salamanca [7]: 6 archer
3. Lisboa [0] -> Coimbra [3]: 3 spearman, 3 archer
4. Santarem [1] -> Coimbra [3]: 1 archer
5. Badajoz [4] -> Coimbra [3]: 1 spearman (via Santarem, 2 hops)
6. Evora [2] -> Coimbra [3]: 1 archer (via Lisboa, Santarem, 3 hops)
7. Faro [5] -> Coimbra [3]: 1 spearman (via Badajoz, Santarem, 3 hops)

Wait, but movements 5, 6, 7 might take multiple turns. That's fine, they'll arrive eventually.

Actually, let me reconsider. Do I really need to send the tiny stacks from Badajoz, Evora, Faro to Coimbra? They're just 1-2 troops each. Maybe I should use them for something else, or just leave them for defense.

Actually, those villages have almost no troops. Their defense is 3 (effective). They're not really defended. But since they're interior (no enemy border), they're safe for now.

Let me focus on the main actions.

Hmm, but wait. I need to think about whether I can actually send 4 spearman + 4 knight from Coimbra to Porto. The available troops at Coimbra are 4 spearman, 6 archer, 4 knight. So yes, I can send 4 spearman and 4 knight, leaving 6 archer.

And I can send 6 archer to Salamanca, leaving 0 at Coimbra.

But then Coimbra has 0 troops left for defense! Its effective defense is 35, but that's with troops. Without troops, the defense might be lower. Actually, the effective defense of 35 is the location bonus included. Let me check: "effective defense (location bonus included): 35". This is the defense value when troops are present. If no troops, the defense is just the location bonus? Or is the 35 the total including troops?

Hmm, looking at other villages: Lisboa has effective defense 18 with 6 troops. Santarem has effective defense 3 with 1 troop. So the effective defense includes both the location bonus and the troops' defense.

Wait, that doesn't make sense. Let me re-read: "effective defense (location bonus included): 18" for Lisboa with 6 troops (3 spearman, 3 archer). 

Lisboa is a capital, so location bonus is x1.5. Troops: 3 spearman (defense 2 each = 6) + 3 archer (defense 2 each = 6) = 12 total defense. With x1.5 bonus: 18. That matches!

Santarem: 1 archer (defense 2). Village bonus x1.25. 2 * 1.25 = 2.5, rounded to 3. That matches!

Coimbra: 14 troops (4 spearman, 6 archer, 4 knight). Defense: 4*2 + 6*2 + 4*2 = 8 + 12 + 8 = 28. Location bonus... Coimbra is a village, so x1.25. 28 * 1.25 = 35. That matches!

So if I remove all troops from Coimbra, its defense would be 0 * 1.25 = 0. That's vulnerable!

But Coimbra is interior (no enemy border), so it might be safe. But I should keep some troops for defense, or at least not strip it completely.

Let me reconsider. Maybe I should send only part of Coimbra's troops.

Option A: Send 4 spearman + 4 knight to Porto, keep 6 archer at Coimbra for defense and for Salamanca attack later.
Option B: Send all troops out, rely on reinforcements arriving.

I think Option A is safer. But then I can't attack Salamanca this turn.

Actually, I could send 6 archer to Salamanca and keep 4 spearman + 4 knight at Coimbra. But then I can't attack Porto.

Hmm, let me think about timing. Porto is 1 turn away. Salamanca is 1 turn away for archers (medium speed). If I send to both this turn, both arrive next turn and fight. Then I capture both. Then I have 8 villages (6 original + Porto + Salamanca). That's 8/24 = 33%. Not enough yet.

But capturing Porto and Salamanca opens up routes to Vigo, Madrid, etc.

Let me go with:
1. Coimbra -> Porto: 4 spearman, 4 knight
2. Coimbra -> Salamanca: 6 archer
3. Lisboa -> Coimbra: 3 spearman, 3 archer (reinforce Coimbra)
4. Santarem -> Coimbra: 1 archer
5. Badajoz -> Coimbra: 1 spearman

This leaves Coimbra with 0 troops for now, but reinforcements are coming (3 spearman, 3 archer from Lisboa; 1 archer from Santarem; 1 spearman from Badajoz). Lisboa to Coimbra is probably 2 turns for slow, 1-2 for medium. Santarem to Coimbra is probably 1 turn. Badajoz to Coimbra is probably 2 turns.

Actually, I'm worried about leaving Coimbra empty. Let me keep 2 archer there for defense. Then I send 4 archer to Salamanca instead of 6.

4 archer: attack 8. Counter bonus vs spearmen: 8 * 1.5 = 12. Defense 10. I win, but barely. Losses might be significant.

Hmm, let me check: 12 vs 10. I win by 2. The winner takes losses against the loser's effective force (10). So I'd lose some archers.

With 6 archers: 18 vs 10. I win by 8. Losses against 10.

The loss calculation isn't specified, but presumably it's proportional. With 12 vs 10, I might lose more proportionally than with 18 vs 10. But with 6 archers I have more to lose.

Actually, I think the losses are a fraction of the loser's force. Let me not overthink this and go with 6 archers to Salamanca for a decisive victory.

But then Coimbra is empty. Let me check if that's OK. Coimbra is interior, no enemy border. The enemy can only reach it through Santarem or Porto (after I capture it). Since Santarem is mine and Porto will be mine, Coimbra is safe for now.

OK, let me go with:
1. Coimbra -> Porto: 4 spearman, 4 knight
2. Coimbra -> Salamanca: 6 archer
3. Lisboa -> Coimbra: 3 spearman, 3 archer
4. Santarem -> Coimbra: 1 archer
5. Badajoz -> Coimbra: 1 spearman
6. Evora -> Coimbra: 1 archer
7. Faro -> Coimbra: 1 spearman

Builds:
- Coimbra: 2 spearman (next turn)
- Lisboa: 2 spearman (next turn)
- Santarem: 1 knight (next turn)
- Evora: 1 knight (next turn)
- Badajoz: 2 archer (next turn)
- Faro: 1 knight (next turn)

Wait, I should also think about whether I need to send troops from Evora and Faro. They're far away and the march takes many turns. Maybe I should just build there and leave them for local defense/recruitment.

Actually, let me reconsider the whole strategy. My plan says to consolidate at Coimbra and push north. But maybe I should also consider the southern front.

Badajoz connects to Toledo [8] and Sevilha [9]. These are neutral. If I capture them, I open routes to Cordoba, Madrid, etc.

But Badajoz only has 1 spearman. I need to build there.

Let me simplify my orders:

**Build:**
- Coimbra: 2 spearman
- Lisboa: 2 spearman
- Santarem: 1 knight
- Evora: 1 knight
- Badajoz: 2 archer
- Faro: 1 knight

**Movements:**
1. Coimbra [3] -> Porto [6]: 4 spearman, 4 knight
2. Coimbra [3] -> Salamanca [7]: 6 archer
3. Lisboa [0] -> Coimbra [3]: 3 spearman, 3 archer
4. Santarem [1] -> Coimbra [3]: 1 archer
5. Badajoz [4] -> Coimbra [3]: 1 spearman

I'll leave Evora and Faro alone for now. Their 1 archer and 1 spearman aren't worth the long march.

Wait, but I should also consider: can I send from Badajoz to Salamanca instead? Badajoz -> Salamanca is a direct road. March time: "march from [4] Badajoz: ... [7] Salamanca" - wait, the report says for Salamanca: "march from [3] Coimbra: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". It doesn't give the march time from Badajoz to Salamanca.

Looking at the road network: [4] Badajoz connects to [7] Salamanca. So there's a direct road. The march time is probably 1-2 turns.

If I send the 1 spearman from Badajoz to Salamanca, it would take some number of turns. But 1 spearman isn't going to make a difference in the battle.

Let me keep it simple and just send the 1 spearman from Badajoz to Coimbra for reinforcement.

Actually, wait. I should also think about what happens after I capture Porto and Salamanca. Porto connects to Vigo [10] and Salamanca [7]. Salamanca connects to Madrid [12]. So after capturing them, I can push to Vigo and Madrid.

Let me also think about the enemy. The enemy capital is Barcelona [22]. The enemy probably has troops somewhere. But I can't see them because of fog of war.

OK, let me finalize my orders.

Actually, one more thing. Let me re-read the build rules: "Cap per village: when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building (it still produces resources and can still receive reinforcements)."

So building is capped at 300 troops. None of my villages are close to that.

Also: "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."

Let me verify each build:
- Coimbra: wood 30, iron 20. Build 2 spearman: cost 30 wood, 0 iron. Can pay. ✓
- Lisboa: wood 30, iron 50. Build 2 spearman: cost 30 wood, 0 iron. Can pay. ✓
- Santarem: wood 40, iron 30. Build 1 knight: cost 30 wood, 30 iron. Can pay. ✓
- Evora: wood 40, iron 30. Build 1 knight: cost 30 wood, 30 iron. Can pay. ✓
- Badajoz: wood 45, iron 40. Build 2 archer: cost 40 wood, 20 iron. Can pay. ✓
- Faro: wood 45, iron 40. Build 1 knight: cost 30 wood, 30 iron. Can pay. ✓

All good.

Now let me write the plan and statement.

**Plan:** My campaign is to consolidate the northern front, capture Porto and Salamanca, then push towards Madrid and Barcelona. I'm gathering troops at Coimbra as a strike force. After capturing Porto and Salamanca, I'll have routes to Vigo and Madrid. I need to keep building troops and expanding.

**Statement:** I ordered the assembly of a strike force at Coimbra and launched a two-pronged attack: spearmen and knights against Porto (leveraging the spearman-knight counter) and archers against Salamanca (leveraging the archer-spearmen counter). Reinforcements from Lisboa, Santarem, and Badajoz are marching to Coimbra to sustain the push. All six villages are producing troops for the campaign.

Wait, I should also think about whether sending 4 spearman + 4 knight to Porto is the right composition. Porto has 3 knights, defense 8. 

With 4 spearman + 4 knight:
- Most numerous: tie between spearman and knight (4 each). Tiebreak: spearman, archer, knight. So spearman is most numerous.
- Counter: spearman vs knight = 1.5x bonus.
- Effective attack: 4*1*1.5 + 4*4 = 6 + 16 = 22.
- Defense: 8.
- I win 22 vs 8.

Losses: winner takes losses against loser's effective force. Loser's effective force is 8 (defense). So my losses are based on 8. Not too bad.

What if I send fewer? Like 3 spearman + 3 knight?
- Most numerous: tie (3 each). Spearman most numerous.
- Effective attack: 3*1*1.5 + 3*4 = 4.5 + 12 = 16.5, rounded to 17? Or 16?
- Defense: 8. Still win.

But I want to minimize losses while ensuring victory. 4+4 seems fine.

What about sending some archers to Porto? If I send 4 spearman + 4 knight + 2 archer:
- Most numerous: spearman and knight tied at 4, archer at 2. Spearman most numerous.
- Counter bonus applies to spearman only.
- Effective attack: 4*1*1.5 + 4*4 + 2*2 = 6 + 16 + 4 = 26.
- More overkill, more losses potentially.

I'll stick with 4 spearman + 4 knight for Porto.

For Salamanca with 6 archer:
- Most numerous: archer (6). Counter vs spearmen: 1.5x.
- Effective attack: 6*2*1.5 = 18.
- Defense: 10.
- Win 18 vs 10.

What about sending 4 archer + 2 spearman?
- Most numerous: archer (4). Counter vs spearmen: 1.5x.
- Effective attack: 4*2*1.5 + 2*1 = 12 + 2 = 14.
- Defense: 10. Win 14 vs 10. Closer, potentially more losses.

I'll stick with 6 archer for a cleaner victory.

OK, I think my orders are solid. Let me write the JSON.

Actually, one more consideration: the movement from Lisboa to Coimbra. The road is Lisboa -> Santarem -> Coimbra. That's 2 hops. For slow troops (spearman), it might take 2 turns. For medium (archer), 1-2 turns. For fast (knight), 1 turn.

I'm sending 3 spearman + 3 archer from Lisboa. The mixed army marches at the speed of the slowest, which is spearman (slow). So it takes the slow march time. If the distance is 2 hops, and each hop is 1 turn for slow, then 2 turns.

But I don't know the exact march times. The report only gives times for visible neutral villages. Let me just send them and see.

Similarly, Santarem to Coimbra is 1 hop. Badajoz to Santarem to Coimbra is 2 hops.

OK, let me finalize.

Wait, I just realized something. The report says "already marching out (NOT available): 2 spearmen, 2 archers, 2 knights" from Lisboa. These are the troops I sent last turn that are arriving at Coimbra this turn. The report says "Your reinforcement (3 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights) arrived at [3] Coimbra" and "Your reinforcement (1 spearman, 3 archers) arrived at [3] Coimbra" and "Your reinforcement (1 spearman, 3 archers) arrived at [0] Lisboa".

Wait, that's confusing. Let me re-read the "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" section:
- Your reinforcement (3 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights) arrived at [3] Coimbra
- Your reinforcement (1 spearman, 4 archers) arrived at [3] Coimbra
- Your reinforcement (1 spearman, 3 archers) arrived at [0] Lisboa

So last turn I sent troops to Coimbra and Lisboa. They arrived this turn. That's why Coimbra now has 14 troops (it had some before, plus these reinforcements).

And the "already marching out" from Lisboa: 2 spearmen, 2 archers, 2 knights. These are troops that were sent from Lisboa last turn and are still marching. Wait, but the report says they arrived at Coimbra. Let me re-read.

"already marching out (NOT available): 2 spearmen, 2 archers, 2 knights" - this is under Lisboa [0]. So these troops left Lisboa last turn and are still marching. They haven't arrived yet.

But the "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" says some reinforcements arrived at Coimbra. Those might have been from a different village, or from Lisboa in a previous turn.

Actually, looking at the numbers: Coimbra has 14 troops at home. The reinforcements that arrived were (3+1+1=5 spearman, 1+4=5 archer, 2 knight). That's 12 troops. But Coimbra has 14. So it had 2 before? Or maybe some of the "already marching" troops from Lisboa were actually sent from Coimbra?

Hmm, this is getting confusing. Let me just focus on the current state as given in the report.

Current state:
- Lisboa: 6 troops at home (3 spearman, 3 archer) + 2 spearmen, 2 archers, 2 knights marching out
- Coimbra: 14 troops at home (4 spearman, 6 archer, 4 knight)
- etc.

The "already marching out" from Lisboa means those troops are on the road and will arrive at their destination next turn (or later). I don't need to worry about them this turn.

OK, let me finalize my JSON.

One more thing: the plan text. My previous plan was:
"Consolidate the northern front. Move all available troops from Lisboa, Santarem, and Evora to Coimbra to create a massive strike force. Next turn, launch coordinated attacks on Porto (using spearmen to counter knights) and Salamanca (using archers to counter spearmen). Secure the northern route, then push towards Madrid and the enemy capital Barcelona. Keep the southern villages producing troops to feed the main army."

This plan still makes sense. I'm executing it now. I should update it to reflect that I'm launching the attacks this turn.

Updated plan:
"Launch coordinated attacks on Porto and Salamanca from Coimbra this turn: spearmen+knight vs Porto, archers vs Salamanca. After capturing both, push to Vigo and Madrid. Keep reinforcing Coimbra from Lisboa, Santarem, and Badajoz. Build troops at all villages to feed the northern advance. Southern villages (Badajoz, Faro) should build archers and knights for future push towards Toledo and Sevilha."

OK, let me write the final JSON.

Actually, I want to double-check one thing. Can I send troops from Coimbra to two different targets in the same turn? The JSON format allows multiple movements. Let me check if there's any rule against it.

The rules don't explicitly forbid it. They say "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up", which implies troops from the same village can be split. I'll go with it.

Also, I need to make sure I'm not sending more troops than available. Coimbra has 4 spearman, 6 archer, 4 knight. I'm sending 4 spearman + 4 knight to Porto, and 6 archer to Salamanca. Total: 4 spearman, 6 archer, 4 knight. Exactly what's available. Good.

From Lisboa: 3 spearman, 3 archer available. I'm sending 3 spearman, 3 archer. Good.

From Santarem: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight available. I'm sending 1 archer. Good.

From Badajoz: 1 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight available. I'm sending 1 spearman. Good.

From Evora: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight available. I'm not sending anything. Good.

From Faro: 1 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight available. I'm not sending anything. Good.

All good. Let me write the JSON.

Wait, one more thought. Should I send the 1 spearman from Badajoz to Salamanca instead of Coimbra? Badajoz connects directly to Salamanca. If I send it there, it might arrive in time to help with the Salamanca attack. But 1 spearman isn't going to make a difference, and the march time might be different.

Actually, Badajoz -> Salamanca is a direct road. The march time is probably 1-2 turns. If it arrives in 1 turn, it could participate in the Salamanca battle. But 1 spearman adds attack 1, which is negligible.

I'll just send it to Coimbra for reinforcement. That's more useful in the long run.

OK, final answer.

Let me also think about the statement. It should be 2-4 lines telling the audience what I did this turn.

"Ordered the assembly of a strike force at Coimbra and launched a two-pronged attack: spearmen and knights against Porto (leveraging the spearman-knight counter) and archers against Salamanca (leveraging the archer-spearmen counter). Reinforcements from Lisboa, Santarem, and Badajoz are marching to Coimbra to sustain the push. All six villages are producing troops for the campaign."

That's 3 lines. Good.

Let me write the JSON now.

Actually, I want to reconsider the build orders. Should I be building more spearman or archers? 

For the northern push, I need spearman to counter knights (at Porto, and potentially at Vigo which might have knights) and archers to counter spearmen (at Salamanca, Madrid, etc.).

Coimbra: building 2 spearman. Good for countering knights.
Lisboa: building 2 spearman. Good.
Santarem: building 1 knight. Knights are expensive but powerful. Good for breaking through.
Evora: building 1 knight. Same.
Badajoz: building 2 archer. Good for countering spearmen.
Faro: building 1 knight. Good.

This seems balanced. I have a mix of troop types being produced.

One concern: knights cost 30 wood + 30 iron. That's expensive. Santarem has wood 40, iron 30. After building 1 knight: wood 10, iron 0. Next turn, Santarem produces 30 wood, 20 iron. So wood 40, iron 20. Can build another knight? 30 wood, 30 iron. No, not enough iron. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).

Evora: same situation. After building 1 knight: wood 10, iron 0. Next turn: wood 40, iron 20. Same as Santarem.

Faro: wood 45, iron 40. After building 1 knight: wood 15, iron 10. Next turn: wood 45, iron 30. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Yes!

OK, the economy seems sustainable. Let me finalize.

Hmm, actually I want to reconsider whether I should build knights at all. Knights are expensive and I need to capture 12 more villages. Maybe I should focus on cheaper troops.

Spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron. Cheap.
Archer: 20 wood, 10 iron. Moderate.
Knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. Expensive.

For capturing villages, I need to defeat their garrisons. The garrisons are:
- Porto: 3 knights
- Salamanca: 4 spearmen
- Toledo: 4 spearmen
- Sevilha: 4 archers

To counter knights, I need spearmen. To counter spearmen, I need archers. To counter archers, I need knights.

So I need a mix. But knights are expensive. Let me focus on spearmen and archers for now, and only build knights when needed.

Actually, I already have 4 knights at Coimbra. That's enough for now. Let me build more spearmen and archers instead.

Revised builds:
- Coimbra: 2 spearman (30 wood)
- Lisboa: 2 spearman (30 wood)
- Santarem: 2 spearman (30 wood) - wait, Santarem has wood 40, iron 30. 2 spearman cost 30 wood. Can do.
- Evora: 2 spearman (30 wood) - Evora has wood 40, iron 30. Can do.
- Badajoz: 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron) - Badajoz has wood 45, iron 40. Can do.
- Faro: 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron) - Faro has wood 45, iron 40. Can do.

This gives me more troops faster and cheaper. I can always build knights later when I have more iron.

But wait, I need knights to counter archers. Sevilha has 4 archers. To attack Sevilha, I should use knights. But I can get to Sevilha later.

For now, let me focus on Porto and Salamanca. Porto needs spearmen (counter knights). Salamanca needs archers (counter spearmen). I have both at Coimbra.

OK, let me go with the cheaper build plan:
- Coimbra: 2 spearman
- Lisboa: 2 spearman
- Santarem: 2 spearman
- Evora: 2 spearman
- Badajoz: 2 archer
- Faro: 2 archer

This produces: 8 spearman, 4 archer per turn (across all villages). That's a good rate.

Actually, wait. Let me check resources again:
- Santarem: wood 40, iron 30. 2 spearman = 30 wood. After: wood 10, iron 30.
- Evora: wood 40, iron 30. 2 spearman = 30 wood. After: wood 10, iron 30.
- Faro: wood 45, iron 40. 2 archer = 40 wood, 20 iron. After: wood 5, iron 20.

Next turn:
- Santarem: wood 10+30=40, iron 30+20=50. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Evora: same as Santarem.
- Faro: wood 5+30=35, iron 20+20=40. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).

OK, this works. Let me go with this.

Actually, I realize I should also think about what happens after I capture Porto and Salamanca. I'll have 8 villages. Then I need to push further.

Porto connects to Vigo [10] and Salamanca [7]. Vigo is unexplored. Salamanca connects to Madrid [12].

After capturing Porto, I can attack Vigo. After capturing Salamanca, I can attack Madrid.

But I don't know the garrisons of Vigo and Madrid. They're unexplored. I'll need to scout them first.

For now, let me focus on capturing Porto and Salamanca.

OK, final JSON:

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 3, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 4, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 5, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 3, "toId": 6, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 0, "knight": 4}},
    {"fromId": 3, "toId": 7, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 6, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 0, "toId": 3, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 3, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 1, "toId": 3, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 4, "toId": 3, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}}
  ],
  "plan": "Launch coordinated attacks on Porto and Salamanca from Coimbra this turn: spearmen+knight vs Porto (counter bonus), archers vs Salamanca (counter bonus). After capturing both, push to Vigo and Madrid. Keep reinforcing Coimbra from Lisboa, Santarem, and Badajoz. Build troops at all villages to feed the northern advance. Southern villages (Badajoz, Faro) build archers for future push towards Toledo and Sevilha.",
  "statement": "Ordered the assembly of a strike force at Coimbra and launched a two-pronged attack: spearmen and knights against Porto (leveraging the spearman-knight counter) and archers against Salamanca (leveraging the archer-spearmen counter). Reinforcements from Lisboa, Santarem, and Badajoz are marching to Coimbra to sustain the push. All six villages are producing troops for the campaign."
}

Wait, I need to double-check: can I send 0 archers and 0 knights in the movements? The JSON format says "troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}. It doesn't say I can omit them. I should include all three with 0 for the ones I'm not sending.

Actually, looking at the format more carefully: "troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}. I think I need to include all three keys. Let me use 0 for unused types.

Also, I should verify that the movements are valid:
- Coimbra [3] -> Porto [6]: road exists. ✓
- Coimbra [3] -> Salamanca [7]: road exists. ✓
- Lisboa [0] -> Coimbra [3]: road exists via Santarem. ✓
- Santarem [1] -> Coimbra [3]: road exists. ✓
- Badajoz [4] -> Coimbra [3]: road exists via Santarem. ✓

All good.

One more thing: the plan says "Southern villages (Badajoz, Faro) build archers for future push towards Toledo and Sevilha." But I'm building archers at Badajoz and Faro. Badajoz connects to Toledo and Sevilha. Faro connects to Badajoz and Sevilha. So yes, they can push south.

Actually, wait. Faro connects to [2] Evora, [4] Badajoz, [9] Sevilha. So from Faro, I can go to Sevilha directly. And from Badajoz, I can go to Toledo and Sevilha.

OK, the plan makes sense.

Let me also think about whether I should send the 1 spearman from Badajoz to Coimbra or somewhere else. Badajoz -> Coimbra is via Santarem, 2 hops. It might take 2 turns for slow. That's fine, it'll arrive as reinforcement.

Alternatively, I could send it to Salamanca (1 hop) to help with the battle. But 1 spearman won't make a difference in the Salamanca battle (6 archers vs 4 spearmen, defense 10). Adding 1 spearman gives attack 1, which is negligible.

I'll send it to Coimbra for long-term reinforcement.

OK, I'm confident in my answer. Let me write it.

Hmm, actually one more thought. The plan text is a bit long. Let me check the character count.

"Launch coordinated attacks on Porto and Salamanca from Coimbra this turn: spearmen+knight vs Porto (counter bonus), archers vs Salamanca (counter bonus). After capturing both, push to Vigo and Madrid. Keep reinforcing Coimbra from Lisboa, Santarem, and Badajoz. Build troops at all villages to feed the northern advance. Southern villages (Badajoz, Faro) build archers for future push towards Toledo and Sevilha."

That's about 400 characters. Under 600. Good.

Statement: "Ordered the assembly of a strike force at Coimbra and launched a two-pronged attack: spearmen and knights against Porto (leveraging the spearman-knight counter) and archers against Salamanca (leveraging the archer-spearmen counter). Reinforcements from Lisboa, Santarem, and Badajoz are marching to Coimbra to sustain the push. All six villages are producing troops for the campaign."

About 350 characters. Under the limit. Good.

OK, final answer.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":3,"destinoId":6,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":4}},{"origemId":3,"destinoId":7,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":6,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":0,"destinoId":3,"tropas":{"lanceiro":3,"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":1,"destinoId":3,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":4,"destinoId":3,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [4]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [4]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO envio [3]->[6]: 4S+4K (alvo neutra cavaleiro)
ACEITO envio [3]->[7]: 6A (alvo neutra lanceiro)
ACEITO envio [0]->[3]: 3S+3A
ACEITO envio [1]->[3]: 1A
ACEITO envio [4]->[3]: 1S
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Launch coordinated attacks on Porto and Salamanca from Coimbra this turn: spearmen+knight vs Porto (counter bonus), archers vs Salamanca (counter bonus). After capturing both, push to Vigo and Madrid. Keep reinforcing Coimbra from Lisboa, Santarem, and Badajoz. Build troops at all villages to feed the northern advance. Southern villages (Badajoz, Faro) build archers for future push towards Toledo and Sevilha.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): Ordered the assembly of a strike force at Coimbra and launched a two-pronged attack: spearmen and knights against Porto (leveraging the spearman-knight counter) and archers against Salamanca (leveraging the archer-spearmen counter). Reinforcements from Lisboa, Santarem, and Badajoz are marching to Coimbra to sustain the push. All six villages are producing troops for the campaign.
########## TURNO 7 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 2668 | resposta 14315 | raciocinio 14315 | finish content_filter | ms 169328
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: The goal is to hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. Currently hold 9 of 24. The enemy capital is Lisboa [0], which is the hardest single target but not required to win.

Let's analyze the map and resources.

My villages (9):
- [22] Barcelona (Capital): 1 knight. Wood 60, Iron 50.
- [21] Tarragona: 3 spearman, 1 archer. Wood 60, Iron 70.
- [23] Girona: 2 spearman. Wood 60, Iron 70.
- [18] Castellon: 2 spearman. Wood 60, Iron 80.
- [17] Zaragoza: 4 spearman, 6 archer, 4 knight. Wood 60, Iron 50. (Total troops: 14)
- [20] Huesca: 2 archer. Wood 60, Iron 50.
- [16] Valencia: 3 spearman, 1 archer. Wood 60, Iron 40.
- [12] Madrid: 2 archer. Wood 30, Iron 20.
- [19] Pamplona: 2 spearman. Wood 60, Iron 60.

Total troops at home: 33 soldiers (16 spearman, 12 archer, 5 knight).

Neutral villages visible:
- [13] Teruel: 4 spearmen. Defense 10. March from [16] Valencia: 1 turn.
- [15] Murcia: 4 archers. Defense 10. March from [16] Valencia: 1 turn.
- [14] Burgos: 4 knights. Defense 10. March from [12] Madrid: 1 turn.
- [7] Salamanca: 4 spearmen. Defense 10. March from [12] Madrid: 1 turn.
- [8] Toledo: 4 spearmen. Defense 10. March from [12] Madrid: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

Unexplored:
- [11] Cordoba
- [4] Badajoz
- [6] Porto
- [10] Vigo
- [3] Coimbra
- [9] Sevilha
- [5] Faro
- [1] Santarem
- [0] Lisboa (Enemy Capital)
- [2] Evora

Road network:
- My interior villages: [12] Madrid connects to [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza.
- [16] Valencia connects to [13] Teruel, [15] Murcia, [18] Castellon.
- [17] Zaragoza connects to [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona.
- [18] Castellon connects to [13] Teruel, [16] Valencia, [21] Tarragona.
- [19] Pamplona connects to [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza, [20] Huesca.
- [20] Huesca connects to [17] Zaragoza, [19] Pamplona, [23] Girona.
- [21] Tarragona connects to [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [22] Barcelona.
- [22] Barcelona connects to [21] Tarragona, [23] Girona.
- [23] Girona connects to [20] Huesca, [22] Barcelona.

To win, I need 18 villages. I currently have 9. I need 9 more.
The neutral villages I can see are: Teruel, Murcia, Burgos, Salamanca, Toledo.
If I capture these 5, I'll have 14. I still need 4 more, which are in the unexplored area (Cordoba, Badajoz, Porto, Vigo, Coimbra, Sevilha, Faro, Santarem, Lisboa, Evora).
The enemy capital is Lisboa. The enemy likely holds some of these.
Since the enemy capital is the hardest, maybe the enemy holds several villages around it.
I should expand into the neutral villages first, then push into enemy territory.

Let's look at troop production.
Each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn.
Costs:
- spearman: 15 wood + 0 iron.
- archer: 20 wood + 10 iron.
- knight: 30 wood + 30 iron.

Let's check resources for each village:
- Barcelona: wood 60, iron 50. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 4 spearman (60 wood) or 3 archer (60 wood, 30 iron). Actually, wood 60 allows 4 spearman (60 wood) or 3 archer (60 wood). Iron 50 allows 1 knight (30 iron) or 5 archer (50 iron). So max builds: 1 knight, or 3 archer, or 4 spearman.
- Tarragona: wood 60, iron 70. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 4 spearman or 3 archer.
- Girona: wood 60, iron 70. Same.
- Castellon: wood 60, iron 80. Same.
- Zaragoza: wood 60, iron 50. Same as Barcelona.
- Huesca: wood 60, iron 50. Same.
- Valencia: wood 60, iron 40. Can build 4 spearman or 3 archer (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Actually, 40 iron allows 1 knight (30 iron) or 4 archer (40 iron). Wood 60 allows 4 spearman or 3 archer/knight. So max: 1 knight, or 3 archer, or 4 spearman.
- Madrid: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 0 knight (needs 30 wood, 30 iron).
- Pamplona: wood 60, iron 60. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 4 spearman or 3 archer.

Total resources per turn:
Wood: 9 * 30 = 270. (Madrid only 30, others 60? Wait, Madrid says wood 30 (+30/turn), so it produces 30. Others produce 30? Wait, the report says "wood 60 (+30/turn)" which means current stock is 60, production is 30. So all produce 30 wood per turn. Madrid has 30 wood, so it's the same production but lower stock? Actually, "wood 30 (+30/turn)" means it has 30 wood now, and produces 30 per turn. So production is the same for all: 30 wood, 20 iron. Madrid just has less stock because it's a smaller village or something. Wait, the report says "wood 30 (+30/turn)" for Madrid, but "wood 60 (+30/turn)" for others. So Madrid has 30 wood stock, others have 60. Production is 30 for all. Iron: Madrid has 20, others have 40-80. Production is 20 for all.
So total production: 9 * 30 = 270 wood, 9 * 20 = 180 iron.
But Madrid has low stock, so it can't build much.

Let's plan attacks.
Neutral villages have 4 troops each, defense 10.
To attack a neutral village, I need to send troops. The defense is 10 (including location bonus). The garrison is 4 spearmen (defense 2 each, but effective defense is 10). Wait, the report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 10". So the total defense is 10.
If I attack with, say, 4 spearmen (attack 4), I lose. I need to have higher effective force.
Attack values: spearman 1, archer 2, knight 4.
Defense values: spearman 2, archer 2, knight 2. But in a village, defense counts x1.25. So a spearman has defense 2.5, archer 2.5, knight 2.5. With 4 troops, total defense = 10. That matches the effective defense 10.
So to beat defense 10, I need attack > 10, or if I have the counter, attack * 1.5 > 10.
If I send 4 knights (attack 16), no counter, 16 > 10, win.
If I send 4 archers (attack 8), 8 < 10, lose.
If I send 4 spearmen (attack 4), lose.
If I send a mix, the most numerous type sets the counter. If I send 3 knights and 1 spearman, knights are most numerous, no counter (knights don't counter themselves). Attack = 3*4 + 1 = 13 > 10, win.
If I send 3 archers and 1 spearman, archers most numerous, no counter. Attack = 3*2 + 1 = 7 < 10, lose.
If I send 3 spearmen and 1 archer, spearmen most numerous, counter vs knights? No, spearmen counter knights, but the defenders are spearmen. Wait, the counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. So if attackers are spearmen and defenders are spearmen, no counter. If attackers are archers and defenders are spearmen, archers counter spearmen! So archers vs spearmen gets 1.5x bonus.
So if I send 4 archers (attack 8) vs 4 spearmen, archers counter spearmen, so attack = 8 * 1.5 = 12 > 10, win!
But wait, the report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 10". The defense already includes the location bonus. So I just compare my attack (with counter) to 10.
So 4 archers would have attack 8, with counter 12, beats 10.
But I need to consider losses. The winner takes losses against the loser's effective force. The loser's effective force is their attack? No, the rules say: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." What is the loser's effective force? Probably their attack value. The defenders have 4 spearmen, attack 4. So I would take losses equal to 4? But I might lose some troops.
Actually, the combat rules: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER. The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
So if I win, I take losses equal to the loser's effective force? That would mean I lose some troops. But the loser is destroyed entirely? "The losing army is destroyed entirely; the winner takes losses and keeps marching." Wait, that's for open field. For village attack, it says "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs." And "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER. The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
So if I attack a village, the defender's effective force is their defense (10). My effective force is my attack (with counter). If I win, I take losses equal to the defender's effective force? That would be 10 losses! That seems harsh. But maybe "attrition against the loser's effective force" means the loser's attack? Let's read carefully: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." The loser's effective force is the one they used. For defender, it's defense. For attacker, it's attack. So if I win, I take losses equal to the defender's defense? That would mean I lose 10 troops? But I only sent 4. That can't be right.
Maybe "effective force" means the force after bonuses? Or maybe it means the loser's force is reduced by the winner's force? Let's look at the open field rule: "The losing army is destroyed entirely; the winner takes losses and keeps marching." So in open field, the loser is destroyed, and the winner takes losses. How many? "attrition against the loser's effective force" - maybe the winner loses a number of troops equal to the loser's effective force? But if the loser is destroyed, their effective force is their attack. So if I have 10 attack and enemy has 6 attack, I win, but I lose 6 troops? That would make winning very costly.
But in the village attack, the defender has defense 10. If I win, do I lose 10 troops? That would mean I can never win a village without losing more than I send.
Wait, the report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 10". That's the defense value. If I attack with 4 archers (attack 12 with counter), I win. But I take losses. How many? The loser's effective force is their defense? Or their attack? The garrison has 4 spearmen, attack 4. Maybe the loser's effective force is their attack (4), so I lose 4 troops? But I sent 4, so I'd lose all? That would be a pyrrhic victory.
Let's check the rules again: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." It doesn't specify if it's attack or defense. In a village defense, the defender uses defense. So the loser's effective force is their defense. If I win, I take losses equal to their defense? That would be 10. But I only sent 4 archers. I can't lose 10 if I only have 4. So maybe the losses are capped by the number of troops sent? Or maybe "effective force" means the force value, and you lose that many troops, but if you don't have that many, you lose all? That would mean attacking a village with 4 troops against defense 10 would result in losing all 4 even if I win? That doesn't make sense.
Perhaps "attrition" means you lose a percentage? Or maybe it means the loser's effective force is subtracted from your effective force, and you lose the difference? No, "takes losses" implies losing troops.
Let's look for clues in the report. The neutral villages have "effective defense (location bonus included): 10 (was 8, 5 turns ago)". So they have 4 troops, defense 10. If I attack and win, what happens? I don't have a report of a past battle.
Maybe the losses are equal to the loser's effective force, but the loser's effective force in a village defense is their defense, but that's the total defense, not per troop. So if I win, I lose 10 troops? But I only sent 4. So maybe I lose 10 "attack points" worth of troops? That is, I lose troops whose total attack equals 10? That would be 10 spearmen, or 5 archers, or 2.5 knights. But I sent 4 archers (attack 8). If I lose 10 attack, I'd lose all 4 and still owe 2. That doesn't work.
Maybe the rule is that the winner takes losses equal to the loser's effective force, but the loser's effective force is their attack? In a village, the defender's attack is 4 (4 spearmen). So I lose 4 troops? But I sent 4 archers, so I'd lose all 4, but the village is captured? That would be a win with total losses. But then the village would have no troops? That might be how it works: you capture the village but lose all your attacking troops. But then the village's garrison is destroyed, and you take the village with no troops? But the rules say "The winner also takes losses". So if I send 4 archers and win, I might lose some of them. How many? If the loser's effective force is 4 (attack), I lose 4 troops. But I only have 4, so I lose all. That would mean I capture the village but my army is wiped out. That's possible.
But wait, the open field rule says: "The losing army is destroyed entirely; the winner takes losses and keeps marching." So in open field, the loser is destroyed, and the winner takes losses but keeps marching. So the winner doesn't lose all, just some. How many? "attrition against the loser's effective force". If the loser has 6 attack, the winner loses 6 troops? But the winner might have 10 troops, so they lose 6 and keep 4. That makes sense.
So in a village attack, the defender's effective force is their defense (10). If I win, I lose 10 troops? But I only sent 4. So I can't lose 10. Therefore, the losses must be capped by the number of troops sent. Or maybe the defender's effective force for attrition is their attack, not defense. Let's assume the loser's effective force is their attack value. For the neutral villages, they have 4 spearmen, attack 4. So if I win, I lose 4 troops. If I send 4 archers, I lose all 4. If I send 5 archers, I lose 4 and keep 1. That seems plausible.
But the rule says "the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs" for the combat resolution. For attrition, it says "attrition against the loser's effective force". The loser is the defender, so their effective force is the one they used, which is defense. So it's ambiguous.
Let's look at the effective defense values: they are 10. If I attack with 4 knights (attack 16), I win. If attrition is based on defense (10), I lose 10 troops. I only sent 4 knights, so I'd lose all 4 and still not cover 10. That would mean I can never win without losing more than I send, which is impossible. So attrition must be based on the loser's attack, or it's a proportion.
Maybe "effective force" means the force after applying the counter? No, it says "effective force" in the context of the side with higher effective force wins. The effective force is the attack or defense after bonuses. For the loser, their effective force is the one they used. If they were defending, it's their defense. But then the winner takes losses equal to that? That would mean the winner loses a number of troops equal to the loser's effective force value. But since troops have different attack values, maybe it's not a direct troop count, but a point loss. For example, if you lose 10 effective force points, you might lose 10 spearmen (attack 1 each) or 5 archers (attack 2 each) or 2.5 knights. But you choose which troops to lose? The rules don't specify.
Given the complexity, I'll assume that the losses are such that you lose some troops, but not necessarily all. In many games, the loser's force is subtracted from the winner's force, and the difference is the remaining force. But the rule says "takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)". It might mean that the winner's force is reduced by the loser's effective force. So if I have attack 16 and defender has defense 10, my remaining force is 6. That 6 is the number of troops I have left? But troops have different attack values. If I sent 4 knights (attack 16), and I lose 10 attack worth of troops, that's 2.5 knights, so I might lose 2 or 3 knights. That makes sense.
So the formula might be: winner's remaining effective force = winner's effective force - loser's effective force. Then the winner loses troops accordingly. But the rule says "takes losses", not "remaining force". It says "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So the losses are equal to the loser's effective force. So if I have 16 attack and defender has 10 defense, I win but I lose 10 attack worth of troops. So I lose 10/4 = 2.5 knights, so maybe 3 knights. That would leave me with 1 knight. That seems reasonable.
But then if I attack with 4 archers (attack 8) vs defense 10, I lose. So I need attack > 10 to win. With counter, 4 archers have attack 12, so I win. I lose 10 defense worth of troops? But I only have 8 attack. So I'd lose all 4 archers? That would be a win with no troops left. But I'd capture the village. Then the village would have no garrison? But the defender's troops are destroyed. So I'd have an empty village. That might be okay, but then I can't defend it.
Actually, the rule says "The losing army is destroyed entirely". So the defender's 4 spearmen are destroyed. The winner takes losses. If the winner's attack is less than the loser's defense, how can they take losses equal to the defense? They can't, because they don't have that many troops. So maybe the losses are capped by the winner's force. Or maybe the attrition is proportional: winner loses (loser's force / winner's force) of their troops? No, it says "attrition against", which might mean you compare and lose some.
Let's look at the open field example: "The losing army is destroyed entirely; the winner takes losses and keeps marching." If two armies meet on a road, both count attack. Suppose army A has 10 attack, army B has 6 attack. A wins. B is destroyed entirely. A takes losses. How many? "attrition against the loser's effective force" - so A loses 6 attack worth of troops. If A had 10 spearmen (attack 10), they lose 6 spearmen, keep 4. That makes sense.
So in a village attack, the defender's effective force is their defense (10). If I win, I lose 10 attack worth of troops. If I sent 4 knights (attack 16), I lose 10 attack, which is 2.5 knights, so I lose 3 knights (or 2 knights and some other). But the game might just reduce my troop count by the difference? Actually, the rule says "takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)". It doesn't say the winner's force is reduced by that amount; it says the winner takes losses. So the winner loses a number of troops equal to the loser's effective force? But that can't be if the winner has fewer troops.
Maybe the "effective force" for attrition is the loser's attack, not defense. In a village defense, the garrison has an attack value too. The neutral villages have 4 spearmen, so attack 4. If I win, I lose 4 attack worth of troops. That's more manageable. If I send 4 archers (attack 8), I lose 4 attack, which is 2 archers (since each archer has attack 2). So I'd lose 2 archers, keep 2. That seems fair.
But the rule says "the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs" for the combat resolution. For attrition, it says "attrition against the loser's effective force". The loser is the defender, so their effective force is the one they used, which is defense. But maybe "effective force" refers to the force value used in the comparison. The winner's effective force is their attack, the loser's is their defense. So the loser's effective force is defense. So attrition is against defense.
Given the ambiguity, I'll assume that the losses are based on the loser's attack, because that's the only way the numbers work without wiping out the attacker completely. But let's check the neutral village stats: "effective defense (location bonus included): 10". It doesn't list their attack. But they have 4 spearmen, so attack 4. If I attack with 4 knights (attack 16), I win. If I lose 4 troops (attack 4), that's 1 knight (attack 4). So I'd lose 1 knight, keep 3. That's a good trade.
If I attack with 4 archers (attack 8, with counter 12), I win. I lose 4 attack worth of troops, which is 2 archers. So I keep 2 archers. That's also good.
If I attack with 4 spearmen (attack 4), I lose. My troops are destroyed.
So I'll assume the loser's effective force for attrition is their attack value. But the rule says "effective force" which might be the same as the one used in the comparison. In the comparison, the defender uses defense. So it's defense. But then if I win with 4 knights, I lose 10 attack worth of troops. 10 attack is 2.5 knights. So I lose 3 knights, keep 1. That's also possible. But then if I win with 4 archers (attack 12), I lose 10 attack, but I only have 8 attack total. So I'd lose all 4 archers. That would mean I capture the village but lose all my troops. That's a pyrrhic victory. But maybe that's how it works: you can capture a village but lose your army. Then you'd have to rebuild.
Given that the game is about holding villages, losing all your troops on capture would make it very hard to hold the village. So probably the attrition is based on the loser's attack, not defense. Or maybe the defender's effective force for attrition is their attack, because they do fight back. The rule says "the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs" for the win condition, but for attrition, it might be the loser's attack. Let's read the exact wording: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." It doesn't specify attack or defense. In the open field, both use attack, so it's clear. In a village attack, the loser is the defender, so their effective force is defense? Or is it their attack? The phrase "effective force" is used earlier: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins." So effective force is the value used in the comparison. For the attacker, it's attack; for the defender, it's defense. So the loser's effective force is the one they used. So if the defender loses, their effective force is defense. So attrition is against defense.
But then if I win, I lose troops equal to the defender's effective force (defense). That means I lose 10 attack worth of troops. If I sent 4 knights (16 attack), I lose 10, so I keep 6 attack, which is 1.5 knights, so maybe 1 knight and some others? But I only sent knights. So I'd lose 2 or 3 knights. If I sent 4 archers (8 attack, 12 with counter), I win but I lose 10 attack, which is more than I have, so I lose all. That would be a win with no troops. Then the village is captured but empty. The next turn, the village would start building troops from scratch? But it's a neutral village that I captured, so it becomes mine. It would have 0 troops. That's a valid outcome.
But is that the intended mechanic? It seems harsh. Let's look for any example in the report. The report says "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN: - Your reinforcement (3 spearmen, 1 knight) arrived at [17] Zaragoza". No combat.
Maybe I can find clues in the rules. "Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital)." So the effective defense is already multiplied. The neutral villages have effective defense 10. That's the number I compare to. So if I attack with 4 archers, my attack is 8, with counter 12. 12 > 10, I win. Then I take losses. The loser's effective force is 10. So I lose 10 "points" of troops. Since I have 4 archers worth 8 points, I lose all 4. So I win but lose all troops. That means I capture the village with no army. Then the village is mine but has no troops. Next turn, it can start building. But it will take time to build troops. Meanwhile, it's vulnerable.
If I attack with 5 archers (attack 10, with counter 15), I win. I lose 10 points, so I keep 5 points, which is 2.5 archers, so maybe 2 archers survive. That's better.
So to capture a neutral village efficiently, I should send enough troops to overcome the defense and still have some left. The defense is 10. If I send troops with attack > 10, and after subtracting 10, I have some left. For example, send 6 archers (attack 12, with counter 18). Win, lose 10, keep 8 points, so 4 archers survive. That's a good return.
But I need to consider the counter. The defenders are 4 spearmen. Archers counter spearmen, so attack x1.5. Knights do not counter spearmen. Spearmen do not counter spearmen. So archers are best for attacking spearmen.
For Murcia, it has 4 archers. Defenders are archers. Knights counter archers. So knights are best for Murcia.
For Burgos, it has 4 knights. Spearmen counter knights. So spearmen are best for Burgos.
So I should match the counter.

Let's list the neutral villages and their garrisons:
- [13] Teruel: 4 spearmen. Counter: archers.
- [15] Murcia: 4 archers. Counter: knights.
- [14] Burgos: 4 knights. Counter: spearmen.
- [7] Salamanca: 4 spearmen. Counter: archers.
- [8] Toledo: 4 spearmen. Counter: archers.

My available troops:
- Zaragoza [17]: 4 spearman, 6 archer, 4 knight. (Total 14)
- Valencia [16]: 3 spearman, 1 archer. (Total 4)
- Tarragona [21]: 3 spearman, 1 archer. (Total 4)
- Huesca [20]: 2 archer. (Total 2)
- Castellon [18]: 2 spearman. (Total 2)
- Girona [23]: 2 spearman. (Total 2)
- Pamplona [19]: 2 spearman. (Total 2)
- Madrid [12]: 2 archer. (Total 2)
- Barcelona [22]: 1 knight. (Total 1)

I can also build new troops. Each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron. Costs: spearman 15 wood, archer 20 wood + 10 iron, knight 30 wood + 30 iron.
Let's see what each village can build this turn:
- Barcelona: wood 60, iron 50. Can build 1 knight (30w, 30i) -> leaves 30w, 20i. Or 3 archer (60w, 30i) -> leaves 0w, 20i. Or 4 spearman (60w) -> leaves 0w, 50i.
- Tarragona: wood 60, iron 70. Can build 1 knight (30w, 30i) -> leaves 30w, 40i. Or 3 archer (60w, 30i) -> leaves 0w, 40i. Or 4 spearman (60w) -> leaves 0w, 70i.
- Girona: wood 60, iron 70. Same.
- Castellon: wood 60, iron 80. Can build 1 knight (30w, 30i) -> leaves 30w, 50i. Or 3 archer (60w, 30i) -> leaves 0w, 50i. Or 4 spearman (60w) -> leaves 0w, 80i.
- Zaragoza: wood 60, iron 50. Same as Barcelona.
- Huesca: wood 60, iron 50. Same.
- Valencia: wood 60, iron 40. Can build 1 knight (30w, 30i) -> leaves 30w, 10i. Or 2 archer (40w, 20i) -> leaves 20w, 20i. Or 4 spearman (60w) -> leaves 0w, 40i.
- Madrid: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 2 spearman (30w) -> leaves 0w, 20i. Or 1 archer (20w, 10i) -> leaves 10w, 10i. Or 0 knight.
- Pamplona: wood 60, iron 60. Can build 1 knight (30w, 30i) -> leaves 30w, 30i. Or 3 archer (60w, 30i) -> leaves 0w, 30i. Or 4 spearman (60w) -> leaves 0w, 60i.

I want to capture the neutral villages to expand. I should send troops from nearby villages.
Let's consider the march distances:
- Teruel [13] from Valencia [16]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So if I send from Valencia, it takes 1 turn for fast troops, 1 for medium, 1 for slow? Actually, it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means if I send slow troops, it takes 1 turn? Wait, "march from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means the travel time is 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast? That can't be right; usually slow takes longer. Maybe it means the distance is such that slow troops take 1 turn, medium takes 1 turn, fast takes 1 turn? But that would mean all take 1 turn. The notation might be: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast? Or maybe it's a list: the first number is slow, second is medium, third is fast. So for Teruel from Valencia, it's 1 slow turn, 1 medium turn, 1 fast turn. That implies the distance is very short, so all troop types take 1 turn. But then why list them separately? Maybe it's a bug in the report? Let's check other distances:
- Murcia [15] from Valencia [16]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- Burgos [14] from Madrid [12]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- Salamanca [7] from Madrid [12]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- Toledo [8] from Madrid [12]: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
So Toledo is 2 slow turns, 1 medium, 1 fast. That makes sense: slow troops take 2 turns, medium and fast take 1 turn. So the format is "X slow / Y medium / Z fast turns". For most, it's 1/1/1, meaning all take 1 turn. For Toledo, it's 2/1/1.
So Teruel, Murcia, Burgos, Salamanca are all 1 turn away from their respective starting villages (Valencia or Madrid). Toledo is 2 turns for slow, 1 for others.

So I can reach Teruel, Murcia, Burgos, Salamanca in 1 turn with any troops. Toledo takes 2 turns for spearmen (slow), but 1 turn for archers and knights.

Now, I need to decide which villages to attack. I have 9 villages. I need 18 total. The neutral villages I can see are 5. If I take all 5, I'll have 14. Then I need 4 more from the unexplored area. The unexplored area has 10 villages, including the enemy capital. The enemy likely holds some of them. I should explore by sending armies to the unexplored villages to see what's there. But I can only see villages connected to my villages. My villages are in the east and center. The unexplored are in the west and south. To see them, I need to move armies to border villages or capture neutral villages that connect to them.
For example, if I capture Salamanca [7], I can see Coimbra [3], Porto [6], Vigo [10]? Salamanca connects to [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto, [12] Madrid. So from Salamanca, I can see Coimbra, Porto, Badajoz? Actually, the rule: "You see: your own villages, every village directly connected to one of yours by road, and the destination of each army you have on the march." So if I own Salamanca, I will see all villages connected to it: Coimbra, Badajoz, Porto, Madrid. So capturing Salamanca would reveal Coimbra, Porto, Badajoz.
Similarly, capturing Burgos [14] connects to [10] Vigo, [12] Madrid, [19] Pamplona. So it reveals Vigo.
Capturing Toledo [8] connects to [4] Badajoz, [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel. So it reveals Badajoz, Cordoba.
Capturing Teruel [13] connects to [8] Toledo, [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon. It doesn't reveal new unexplored ones? Actually, Teruel is already connected to my villages, so I already see it. But capturing it would give me a village that connects to Toledo, etc.
Capturing Murcia [15] connects to [11] Cordoba, [16] Valencia. So it reveals Cordoba.
So by capturing these neutral villages, I can reveal the unexplored ones.

But first, I need to capture them. Let's plan attacks.
I need to send troops to attack the neutral villages. The garrisons are 4 troops of various types. The effective defense is 10.
To win, I need my attack (with counter) > 10.
And I want to minimize losses. I assume losses are based on the defender's attack? Or defense? Let's assume the worst case: losses are based on defense (10). So I need to send enough troops to absorb 10 points of losses and still have some left to occupy the village? Actually, when you capture a village, the enemy garrison is destroyed. You don't need to leave troops there; the village becomes yours and you can build troops there next turn. But if you lose all your attacking troops, the village is empty. That's okay, but it's vulnerable. Ideally, I want to have some troops survive to defend the new village.
If losses are based on defense (10), then to have survivors, my total attack must be > 10 + (survivors' attack). For example, if I want 2 archers to survive (attack 4), I need total attack > 14. With counter, archers have attack 2 each, so 7 archers would have attack 14, with counter 21, win, lose 10, keep 11 points, which is 5.5 archers, so maybe 5 survive. That's a lot.
If losses are based on attack (4), then I need total attack > 4 + survivors. That's easier.
Let's test with a small attack. Suppose I send 4 archers to Teruel (4 spearmen). Attack 8, with counter 12. Win. If losses are based on defense (10), I lose 10 points, but I only have 8, so I lose all 4. If losses are based on attack (4), I lose 4 points, which is 2 archers, so I keep 2. Which one is more likely? In many strategy games, the loser's force is subtracted from the winner's force. So the winner's remaining force = winner's force - loser's force. Here, winner's force is attack (12), loser's force is defense (10) or attack (4)? If it's defense, remaining = 12 - 10 = 2 points, which is 1 archer. If it's attack, remaining = 12 - 4 = 8 points, which is 4 archers. But the rule says "takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)". It doesn't say remaining force = difference. It says takes losses equal to the loser's effective force. So if loser's effective force is 10, I lose 10 points. If I have 12 points, I lose 10, keep 2. That matches the difference. So it's equivalent to subtracting the loser's effective force from the winner's effective force. So the remaining effective force is winner's force - loser's force.
So if I attack with 4 archers (12) vs defense 10, remaining = 2 points, so I keep 1 archer (since 1 archer is 2 points). If I attack with 4 knights (16) vs defense 10, remaining = 6 points, so I keep 1.5 knights, maybe 1 knight (4 points) and 1 archer? But I only sent knights, so I keep 1 knight (4 points) and lose 12 points? That doesn't add up. Actually, if I send 4 knights (attack 16), and I lose 10 points, I lose 2.5 knights. So I might lose 3 knights and keep 1. That would be remaining 4 points. But 16 - 10 = 6, so I should keep 6 points, which is 1.5 knights. The game might round down? Or maybe it tracks troops individually.
Given the ambiguity, I'll try to send a mix that ensures I have a good number of survivors. I'll aim to send about 6-8 troops of the counter type to neutral villages, so I have some left.
But I also need to consider that I want to build up my army. I should use my resources to build troops, then send them.
Let's decide on a strategy for this turn.

I have 9 villages. I want to capture the 5 neutral villages. I can reach 4 of them in 1 turn: Teruel, Murcia, Burgos, Salamanca. Toledo takes 2 turns for slow troops, but 1 turn for archers/knights.
I should attack them simultaneously. But I need to allocate troops from my villages.
My strongest village is Zaragoza with 14 troops (4 spearman, 6 archer, 4 knight). I can send some from there.
Valencia has 4 troops (3 spearman, 1 archer).
Tarragona has 4 troops (3 spearman, 1 archer).
Huesca has 2 archer.
Castellon has 2 spearman.
Girona has 2 spearman.
Pamplona has 2 spearman.
Madrid has 2 archer.
Barcelona has 1 knight.

I can also build new troops this turn. Let's see what I can build.
I want to capture:
- Teruel (4 spearmen): need archers to counter. I can send archers from Zaragoza (6), Valencia (1), Tarragona (1), Huesca (2), Madrid (2). Total archers available: 12. But I also need to keep some for defense? My villages are interior, no enemy border, so they are safe for now. I can send most of my troops.
- Murcia (4 archers): need knights to counter. I have knights in Zaragoza (4), Barcelona (1). Total 5 knights. Knights are valuable, so I might want to keep some. But I can send them.
- Burgos (4 knights): need spearmen to counter. I have spearmen in Zaragoza (4), Valencia (3), Tarragona (3), Castellon (2), Girona (2), Pamplona (2). Total 16 spearmen.
- Salamanca (4 spearmen): need archers.
- Toledo (4 spearmen): need archers.

So I have plenty of troops. But I need to consider march distances and stacking.
Remember: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if I send troops from multiple villages to the same target, they fight separately. That means I can't combine them into one big army. Each send must be strong enough to win on its own. So I should send one strong send from one village, or multiple sends that each can win.
But if I send multiple sends to the same village, they will arrive one at a time and fight sequentially. The first send will fight the garrison. If it wins, it captures the village, and the garrison is destroyed. Then the second send arrives and finds the village owned by me? Actually, the rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So if I send to a neutral village, it stops and fights. If I send multiple armies to the same neutral village, the first one arrives and fights. If it wins, the village becomes mine. Then the second army arrives at a village that is now mine, so it doesn't fight; it just reinforces? The rule: "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." But the orders are simultaneous. The enemy writes orders at the same time. So if I send two armies to the same neutral village, they both march and arrive on the same turn? Or different turns? If they both take 1 turn, they arrive simultaneously. But the rule says "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So they fight one at a time. The first one fights the garrison. If it wins, the village is captured. Then the second one fights... what? The garrison is already destroyed. So maybe the second one just arrives and joins? But the rule says they fight alone, one at a time. So if the first one wins, the second one might not need to fight. But the order of fighting might be determined by the game. To avoid confusion, I should send only one send per target, or if multiple, they should be from the same village? Actually, the rule says "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up". So if I send from Zaragoza and Valencia to Teruel, they will fight separately. The first one might win and capture it, then the second one arrives and reinforces. That could work, but it's risky because if the first one loses, the second one might also lose? Actually, if the first one loses, the village is still neutral, and the second one will fight the same garrison? But the garrison might have been reinforced by the neutral village's own production? No, neutral villages harden every 5 turns. It's turn 7, so they hardened at turn 5? "every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type." So at turn 5, they gained +1. The report says "was 8, 5 turns ago", meaning at turn 2, defense was 8. At turn 7, it's 10. So they have 4 troops now. They won't gain more until turn 10. So the garrison is static for now.
If I send two armies, the first one fights the 4 troops. If it wins, it captures the village. The second one then arrives at a friendly village and reinforces. That's actually a good way to build up the garrison. But I need to ensure the first one wins. So I should send a winning force first, and then a reinforcing force second. But since orders are simultaneous, I can't control the order of arrival? They both take 1 turn, so they arrive at the same time. The rule says they fight one at a time. The game will probably process them in some order. To be safe, I should send only one army per target, and make it strong enough to win and have some survivors. Then next turn, I can send reinforcements from other villages.
Alternatively, I can send a strong army from one village, and from other villages send troops to the same target but they will arrive later? No, if they all take 1 turn, they arrive simultaneously. So they will fight sequentially. The first one will fight the garrison, the second will fight... maybe the second will fight the first one? No, they are both mine. The rule says "Your own armies never fight each other: they pass freely." So if the first one wins and captures the village, the second one will just arrive and join. So it's safe to send multiple armies to the same target, as long as the first one wins. But I don't know which one will be processed first. To guarantee a win, I should make each send capable of winning on its own? But if the first one wins, the second one doesn't need to fight. So I can send a weak army and a strong army; if the strong one goes first, it wins and the weak one reinforces; if the weak one goes first, it loses and the strong one then fights the garrison? But if the weak one loses, its troops are destroyed, and the garrison is still there. Then the strong one fights. So it's better to send only strong armies.
Given that I have limited troops, I should send one strong army per target from the closest village.

Let's plan the attacks:
1. Teruel [13] from Valencia [16] or Zaragoza [17]? Zaragoza is stronger. But Zaragoza is connected to Teruel via [13]? Road network: Zaragoza [17] connects to [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona. So yes, Zaragoza can send to Teruel. March distance from Zaragoza to Teruel: not listed, but since they are connected, it's probably 1 turn. The report lists march distances from specific villages. For Teruel, it says "march from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". It doesn't list from Zaragoza. But since Zaragoza is connected to Teruel, I can send from there. The distance might be similar. I'll assume it's 1 turn for all types from Zaragoza as well, since they are neighbors.
Actually, looking at the road network: [17] Zaragoza - [13] Teruel. They are directly connected. So march from Zaragoza to Teruel should be 1 turn. The report only lists march distances from the nearest village for each neutral village. For Teruel, it lists from Valencia. But I can also send from Zaragoza. I'll need to specify the fromId in my order. The game will calculate the march time based on the road distance. Since I don't have the exact march time from Zaragoza, I'll assume it's similar (1 turn). But to be safe, I can send from Valencia, which is listed as 1 turn.
Valencia has 3 spearman, 1 archer. That's not enough to beat Teruel's 4 spearmen (defense 10). If I send 3 spearman and 1 archer, attack: spearman 1 each, archer 2. Most numerous is spearman (3), so no counter? Actually, spearmen vs spearmen, no counter. Total attack = 3*1 + 2 = 5. Less than 10, lose. If I send just the 1 archer, attack 2, lose. So Valencia cannot win alone.
Zaragoza has 4 spearman, 6 archer, 4 knight. I can send a mix. To counter spearmen, I need archers as the most numerous type. So I should send mostly archers. For example, send 6 archers. Attack = 6*2 = 12. With counter (archers vs spearmen) x1.5 = 18. Win. Losses: if based on defense 10, remaining = 8 points, so 4 archers survive. If based on attack 4, remaining = 14 points, so 7 archers survive? But I only sent 6, so I'd keep all? That doesn't make sense. Let's assume losses = loser's effective force (defense 10). So I lose 10 points. 6 archers = 12 points. So I lose 10, keep 2 points = 1 archer. So I'd capture Teruel with 1 archer left. That's okay.
But I might want to send more to have a stronger garrison. I could send 4 spearman and 6 archers? That's 10 troops. Attack: most numerous? 6 archers vs 4 spearmen, archers are most numerous, so counter applies. Total attack = 4*1 + 6*2 = 16. With counter x1.5 = 24. Win. Lose 10 points. Remaining = 14 points. That would leave some troops. But I need to specify the exact numbers. The order requires "troops": {"spearman": n, "archer": n, "knight": n}. I can send any number I have.
I want to capture multiple villages this turn. I should allocate troops to different targets.
Let's list the targets and the counter type:
- Teruel [13]: spearmen -> counter archers. Send from Zaragoza or Valencia.
- Murcia [15]: archers -> counter knights. Send from Zaragoza or Valencia? Murcia is connected to [11] Cordoba, [16] Valencia. So from Valencia, it's 1 turn. From Zaragoza, it would have to go through Valencia? Road: Zaragoza to Valencia is not direct? Zaragoza [17] connects to [16] Valencia? No, [17] connects to [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]. [16] Valencia connects to [13], [15], [18]. So to go from Zaragoza to Murcia, you'd have to go Zaragoza -> Teruel -> Valencia -> Murcia? Or Zaragoza -> Valencia? There's no direct road. The road network shows [17] Zaragoza connects to [13] Teruel, and [16] Valencia connects to [13] Teruel. So Zaragoza to Valencia is via Teruel. That's 2 turns? Actually, [17] to [13] is 1 turn, [13] to [16] is 1 turn, so 2 turns total. But the rule says "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So if I send from Zaragoza to Murcia, it would stop at Teruel (neutral) and fight there first. So I can't send from Zaragoza to Murcia directly; I'd have to capture Teruel first. So for Murcia, I should send from Valencia.
- Burgos [14]: knights -> counter spearmen. Burgos connects to [10] Vigo, [12] Madrid, [19] Pamplona. So from Madrid [12] or Pamplona [19]. Madrid is 1 turn away. Pamplona is also connected? [19] Pamplona connects to [14] Burgos. So from Pamplona, it's 1 turn. I can send from either.
- Salamanca [7]: spearmen -> counter archers. Salamanca connects to [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto, [12] Madrid. So from Madrid [12], it's 1 turn.
- Toledo [8]: spearmen -> counter archers. Toledo connects to [4] Badajoz, [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel. From Madrid, it's 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So I can send archers or knights from Madrid in 1 turn.

So my sources:
- Teruel: from Valencia (1 turn) or Zaragoza (1 turn, but Zaragoza to Teruel is direct). Actually, Zaragoza to Teruel is direct: [17] - [13]. So I can send from Zaragoza. March distance: not listed, but since they are connected, it's probably 1 turn. I'll assume 1 turn for all types from Zaragoza to Teruel. But to be safe, I'll use Valencia for Teruel? Valencia is weaker. I'll use Zaragoza for Teruel because it has more archers.
- Murcia: from Valencia (1 turn). Valencia has 3 spearman, 1 archer. Not enough to beat 4 archers (defense 10). I need knights to counter archers. Valencia has no knights. So I can't send from Valencia alone. I could send from Zaragoza, but Zaragoza to Murcia is not direct; it would stop at Teruel. So I need to either capture Teruel first, or send knights from somewhere else to Valencia to then go to Murcia? But that would take multiple turns. Alternatively, I can send from Zaragoza to Teruel, capture it, and then next turn send from Teruel to Murcia? But Teruel to Murcia is not direct either; Teruel connects to Valencia, and Valencia to Murcia. So that's 2 turns. This is a problem.
Wait, the road network: [15] Murcia connects to [11] Cordoba and [16] Valencia. So to reach Murcia, I must go through Valencia. So I need to own Valencia to send troops to Murcia? Actually, I already own Valencia! Valencia is mine. So I can send troops from Valencia to Murcia directly, because Valencia is my village and Murcia is neutral. The army will march from Valencia to Murcia along the road. It doesn't need to go through Teruel. So I can send from Valencia to Murcia. But Valencia has no knights. I could send knights from another village to Valencia, and then from Valencia to Murcia? But that would take two turns: first turn, send knights from Zaragoza to Valencia (reinforce Valencia). They would march Zaragoza -> Teruel -> Valencia? That path goes through Teruel, which is neutral, so they would stop at Teruel and fight there! So I can't send troops from Zaragoza to Valencia without first capturing Teruel. Alternatively, is there another route? Zaragoza to Valencia: the road network shows [17] Zaragoza connects to [13] Teruel, and [13] Teruel connects to [16] Valencia. That's the only route? What about [17] to [18] Castellon to [16] Valencia? [17] Zaragoza connects to [21] Tarragona, [21] connects to [18] Castellon, [18] connects to [16] Valencia. So Zaragoza -> Tarragona -> Castellon -> Valencia. That's 3 turns, and all are my villages! So I can send troops from Zaragoza to Valencia via Tarragona and Castellon without fighting, because they are all my villages. That would take 3 turns? Let's check distances: Zaragoza to Tarragona: 1 turn? They are connected. Tarragona to Castellon: 1 turn. Castellon to Valencia: 1 turn. So 3 turns. That's too slow.
But wait, I can just send knights from Zaragoza directly to Murcia? No, because the road doesn't exist. The only road to Murcia is from Valencia. So to attack Murcia, I must launch from Valencia. So I need to have knights in Valencia. I can build knights in Valencia? Valencia has wood 60, iron 40. It can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) this turn. That knight would be ready in 1 turn. So next turn, I can send that knight from Valencia to Murcia. But this turn, I can't send knights from Valencia because it has none.
Alternatively, I can send troops from Zaragoza to Teruel, capture it, and then from Teruel go to... Teruel connects to [8] Toledo, [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon. It doesn't connect to Murcia. So Teruel doesn't help reach Murcia.
So to attack Murcia this turn, I need to send from Valencia. But Valencia only has 3 spearman and 1 archer. That's not enough to beat 4 archers (defense 10). Even with counter? Spearman vs archer: archer counters spearman? No, the counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. So if attackers are spearmen and defenders are archers, archers counter spearmen? Wait, the rule: "spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer." So archer counters spearman. That means if the attacker is spearman and defender is archer, the defender has the counter! So the attacker does not get the bonus; the defender does? The rule says: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't specify attacker or defender; it says "your force". So if I attack with spearmen and the defender has archers, the defender has the counter? The rule says "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup". So we look at the attacker's most numerous type and the defender's most numerous type. If the attacker's type counters the defender's type, the attacker gets the bonus. If the defender's type counters the attacker's type, the defender gets the bonus? The rule says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't say only the attacker can have the counter. So if I attack with spearmen and the defender has archers, the defender's archers counter my spearmen, so the defender's force is multiplied by 1.5. That would make defense even stronger. So I should never attack with a type that is countered by the defender's type.
So for Murcia (defenders are archers), I should attack with knights (knights counter archers) or with archers? Archers vs archers: no counter. Spearmen vs archers: archers counter spearmen, so defender gets bonus. So I must attack with knights to get the counter bonus. Or I can attack with a mix where my most numerous type is knights.
So for Murcia, I need knights. Valencia has no knights. So I cannot attack Murcia this turn unless I send knights from somewhere else to Valencia first, but that takes time.
What about from Zaragoza directly to Murcia? No road.
So maybe I should skip Murcia for now, and focus on the others.
Let's re-evaluate the neutral villages and my ability to attack them this turn:
- Teruel [13]: 4 spearmen. I can attack with archers from Zaragoza or Valencia. Zaragoza has 6 archers. I can send them. March from Zaragoza to Teruel: 1 turn (assumed).
- Burgos [14]: 4 knights. I need spearmen to counter. I can send spearmen from Madrid (2 archers only, no spearmen), Pamplona (2 spearmen), or Zaragoza (4 spearmen). But Zaragoza to Burgos: road? Zaragoza [17] connects to [19] Pamplona, [19] connects to [14] Burgos. So Zaragoza -> Pamplona -> Burgos. That's 2 turns, and Pamplona is mine, so no fight. But it takes 2 turns. From Madrid [12] to Burgos [14]: 1 turn. Madrid has 2 archers, no spearmen. So I can't send spearmen from Madrid. From Pamplona [19] to Burgos [14]: 1 turn. Pamplona has 2 spearmen. That's not enough to beat 4 knights (defense 10). 2 spearmen attack 2, no counter, lose. So I need more spearmen. I could send spearmen from Zaragoza to Pamplona to reinforce, then from Pamplona to Burgos? That would take two turns: first turn, send spearmen from Zaragoza to Pamplona (1 turn, Pamplona is mine, so they reinforce). Next turn, send from Pamplona to Burgos. So I can't capture Burgos this turn.
- Salamanca [7]: 4 spearmen. Need archers. From Madrid [12]: 1 turn. Madrid has 2 archers. 2 archers attack 4, with counter (archers vs spearmen) x1.5 = 6. Less than 10, lose. So Madrid alone is not enough. I could send from Zaragoza to Madrid to reinforce, then from Madrid to Salamanca? Zaragoza to Madrid: 1 turn (direct road [17]-[12]). So I can send archers from Zaragoza to Madrid this turn, and they'll arrive next turn. Then next turn I can send them to Salamanca? But Salamanca is 1 turn from Madrid, so they'd take another turn. So capturing Salamanca would take 2 turns: turn 8 send from Zaragoza to Madrid, turn 9 send from Madrid to Salamanca, arrive turn 10? Actually, if I send from Zaragoza to Madrid on turn 7 (today), they arrive turn 8. Then on turn 8 I can send them from Madrid to Salamanca, arriving turn 9. So I can capture Salamanca on turn 9. But I could also send directly from Zaragoza to Salamanca? Road: Zaragoza [17] to Madrid [12] to Salamanca [7]. That's 2 turns, and Madrid is mine, so no fight. So I can send from Zaragoza directly to Salamanca! The army will march Zaragoza -> Madrid -> Salamanca. Since Madrid is mine, it won't stop; it will pass through. So the march time would be the sum of the two legs: Zaragoza to Madrid (1 turn) + Madrid to Salamanca (1 turn) = 2 turns. But the rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". Madrid is mine, so it doesn't stop. So it goes to Salamanca. So I can send from Zaragoza to Salamanca directly, and it will take 2 turns. But the report says Salamanca march from Madrid is 1 turn. So from Zaragoza, it would be 2 turns. That means the troops would arrive on turn 9. But I want to capture it this turn? I can send them now, they'll arrive in 2 turns. That's fine, but I need to plan for future turns.
- Toledo [8]: 4 spearmen. Need archers. From Madrid: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So archers take 1 turn from Madrid. Madrid has 2 archers, not enough. From Zaragoza to Toledo: Zaragoza -> Madrid -> Toledo. That's 1 turn to Madrid, then 1 turn to Toledo? Actually, Madrid to Toledo is 1 turn for medium/fast. So total 2 turns. Or Zaragoza -> Teruel -> Toledo? Teruel to Toledo is direct: [13] Teruel connects to [8] Toledo. So Zaragoza -> Teruel (1 turn) -> Toledo (1 turn) = 2 turns. But Teruel is neutral, so the army would stop at Teruel and fight there! So I can't go through Teruel until I capture it. So the route via Madrid is better because Madrid is mine.
So for this turn, I can only realistically capture Teruel, because it's the only one I can reach with a winning force in 1 turn. The others require either more time or reinforcement first.
But wait, I can also attack from other villages. Let's check all my villages and what they can reach in 1 turn:
- Barcelona [22]: connects to [21] Tarragona, [23] Girona. Both are mine. No neutral villages directly connected. So Barcelona can't attack anything this turn.
- Tarragona [21]: connects to [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [22] Barcelona. All mine.
- Girona [23]: connects to [20] Huesca, [22] Barcelona. All mine.
- Castellon [18]: connects to [13] Teruel, [16] Valencia, [21] Tarragona. Teruel is neutral! So Castellon can attack Teruel. Castellon has 2 spearman. Not enough.
- Valencia [16]: connects to [13] Teruel, [15] Murcia, [18] Castellon. Teruel and Murcia are neutral. Valencia has 3 spearman, 1 archer. Not enough for either.
- Huesca [20]: connects to [17] Zaragoza, [19] Pamplona, [23] Girona. All mine.
- Madrid [12]: connects to [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza. Salamanca, Toledo, Burgos are neutral. Madrid has 2 archers. Not enough for any.
- Pamplona [19]: connects to [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza, [20] Huesca. Burgos is neutral. Pamplona has 2 spearman. Not enough.
- Zaragoza [17]: connects to [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona. Teruel is neutral. Zaragoza has 4 spearman, 6 archer, 4 knight. This is my strongest village. I can send a force to Teruel.

So the only neutral village I can attack with a winning force this turn is Teruel, from Zaragoza. But wait, I can also send from multiple villages to the same target? As discussed, they fight separately. If I send from Zaragoza a strong force, and from Valencia a weak force, the weak force might lose and the strong force might win. But the weak force would be wasted. Better to just send from Zaragoza.

But maybe I can send from Zaragoza to Teruel, and also from Zaragoza to somewhere else? I can split my forces. I can send some troops from Zaragoza to Teruel, and some to Madrid to reinforce for future attacks. But I need to decide what to do this turn.

Let's think about the big picture. I need 18 villages. I have 9. The 5 neutral villages will give me 14. I need 4 more from the unexplored area. The unexplored area has 10 villages, but some are enemy. The enemy capital is Lisboa. The enemy likely has several villages. I should explore to find them. But to explore, I need to move armies to border villages. I can send armies to my existing villages to see further? No, I only
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
REFORCO [3] Coimbra dono A: 3S+1A+2K
REFORCO [3] Coimbra dono A: 1S+4A
REFORCO [0] Lisboa dono A: 1S+3A
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 3S+1K
placar: A 6 ald/tropas 2 | B 9 ald/tropas 33 | neutras 9 | transito 6 (A 6 | B 0)

########## TURNO 8 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3655 | resposta 40410 | raciocinio 35213 | finish stop | ms 422254
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 6, \"toId\": 10, \"troops\": {\"knight\": 3}},\n    {\"fromId\": 3, \"toId\": 7, \"troops\": {\"knight\": 2, \"archer\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 4, \"toId\": 7, \"troops\": {\"archer\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 5, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"archer\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 1, \"toId\": 3, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 0, \"toId\": 3, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 2, \"toId\": 5, \"troops\": {\"archer\": 1}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Reinforce Salamanca with knights and archers while our knights take Vigo. Build troops everywhere and send reinforcements to the south. Next turn, attack Madrid from Salamanca and Toledo from Badajoz.\",\n  \"statement\": \"This turn we strengthen our borders. Knights overwhelm Vigo, and archers and knights pour into Salamanca. Our villages produce troops for the next offensives.\"\n}"
raciocinio: We need to analyze the current state and decide on orders for this turn (Turn 8). The user wants a JSON response with build, movements, plan, and statement.

Let's parse the current state:
- King A has 8 villages: Lisboa (0), Santarem (1), Evora (2), Coimbra (3), Badajoz (4), Faro (5), Porto (6), Salamanca (7).
- Total troops at home: 31 soldiers (14 spearman, 12 archer, 5 knight) + 7 marching.
- Enemy capital is Barcelona (22), not required to win. Win condition: hold 18 of 24 villages for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.
- Current turn: 8. We hold 8 of 24.

Let's look at the villages and resources:
- Lisboa (0): wood 30, iron 70. Troops: 2 spearman. Marching out: 3 spearmen, 3 archers (to Coimbra, arriving in 1 turn).
- Santarem (1): wood 40, iron 50. Troops: 2 spearman.
- Evora (2): wood 40, iron 50. Troops: 2 spearman, 1 archer.
- Coimbra (3): wood 30, iron 40. Troops: 9 (4 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight). Available to send: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight. Marching in: 3 spearmen, 3 archers from Lisboa (arrives in 1 turn), 1 spearman from Badajoz (arrives in 1 turn).
- Badajoz (4): wood 35, iron 40. Troops: 2 archer. Marching out: 1 spearman (to Coimbra).
- Faro (5): wood 35, iron 40. Troops: 1 spearman, 2 archer.
- Porto (6): wood 0, iron 0. Troops: 6 (3 spearman, 3 knight). Available: 3 spearman, 3 knight.
- Salamanca (7): wood 0, iron 0. Troops: 4 archer. Available: 4 archer.

Neutral villages: Toledo (8), Vigo (10), Sevilha (9).
Enemy: Madrid (12) with 2 archers.

Road network:
- Lisboa (0) connects to Santarem (1), Evora (2).
- Santarem (1) connects to Lisboa (0), Coimbra (3), Badajoz (4).
- Evora (2) connects to Lisboa (0), Faro (5).
- Coimbra (3) connects to Santarem (1), Porto (6), Salamanca (7).
- Badajoz (4) connects to Santarem (1), Faro (5), Salamanca (7), Toledo (8), Sevilha (9).
- Faro (5) connects to Evora (2), Badajoz (4), Sevilha (9).
- Porto (6) connects to Coimbra (3), Salamanca (7), Vigo (10).
- Salamanca (7) connects to Coimbra (3), Badajoz (4), Porto (6), Madrid (12).
- Toledo (8) connects to Badajoz (4), Cordoba (11), Madrid (12), Teruel (13).
- Sevilha (9) connects to Badajoz (4), Faro (5), Cordoba (11).
- Vigo (10) connects to Porto (6), Burgos (14).
- Madrid (12) connects to Salamanca (7), Toledo (8), Burgos (14), Zaragoza (17).
- etc.

Current armies on march:
- Yours: 3 spearmen, 3 archers from Lisboa to Coimbra (arrives in 1 turn).
- Yours: 1 spearman from Badajoz to Coimbra (arrives in 1 turn).
- Enemy: none sighted.

Last turn: Reinforcements arrived at Coimbra. You attacked Porto and Salamanca, both victorious with losses of 2 troops each. So Porto and Salamanca are now yours.

Goal: We need to expand. We have 8 villages. We need 18 to win (75% of 24). We need to conquer neutral and enemy villages.

Let's check the available troops and resources to build.
We can build troops at our villages. Each village produces resources per turn and can build up to 300 troops. Costs: spearman 15 wood, 0 iron; archer 20 wood, 10 iron; knight 30 wood, 30 iron.

Let's see what we can build this turn:
- Lisboa (0): wood 30, iron 70. Can build: spearman (15 wood) -> 2 spearman (30 wood). Or archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Or knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Since we have 2 spearman available, we could build more. But we need to decide on strategy.
- Santarem (1): wood 40, iron 50. Can build: spearman (15) -> 2 (30 wood, 0 iron). Archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 2 (40 wood, 20 iron). Knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 1 (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Evora (2): wood 40, iron 50. Can build: spearman (15) -> 2 (30 wood). Archer (20,10) -> 2 (40 wood, 20 iron). Knight (30,30) -> 1 (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Coimbra (3): wood 30, iron 40. Can build: spearman (15) -> 2 (30 wood). Archer (20,10) -> 2 (40 wood, 20 iron) but only 30 wood, so 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Knight (30,30) -> 1 (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Badajoz (4): wood 35, iron 40. Can build: spearman (15) -> 2 (30 wood). Archer (20,10) -> 1 (20 wood, 10 iron). Knight (30,30) -> 1 (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Faro (5): wood 35, iron 40. Can build: spearman (15) -> 2 (30 wood). Archer (20,10) -> 1 (20 wood, 10 iron). Knight (30,30) -> 1 (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Porto (6): wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build anything (no resources). But we have troops there: 3 spearman, 3 knight. We can send them.
- Salamanca (7): wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build. Troops: 4 archer.

We need to plan movements and builds.

Let's think about the campaign plan from last turn: "Launch coordinated attacks on Porto and Salamanca from Coimbra this turn... After capturing both, push to Vigo and Madrid. Keep reinforcing Coimbra from Lisboa, Santarem, and Badajoz. Build troops at all villages to feed the northern advance. Southern villages (Badajoz, Faro) build archers for future push towards Toledo and Sevilha."

We have captured Porto and Salamanca. Now we need to push to Vigo and Madrid. Also, we have neutral villages Toledo, Sevilha, Vigo. And enemy Madrid.

We need to decide where to send troops. We have troops at Coimbra (9), Porto (6), Salamanca (4), and reinforcements arriving at Coimbra (3+3 from Lisboa, 1 from Badajoz = 7). So Coimbra will have 9 + 7 = 16 troops after arrivals.

We need to attack Vigo (neutral, 4 archers, defense 10) and Madrid (enemy, 2 archers, defense 5). Also, we might want to attack Toledo and Sevilha, but they are neutral and have 4 spearmen and 4 archers respectively, defense 10.

Let's check the distances:
- From Porto to Vigo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn. (Porto is ours, we can send troops from Porto to Vigo).
- From Salamanca to Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.
- From Badajoz to Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.
- From Badajoz to Sevilha: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.
- From Faro to Sevilha: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turn? Actually, Faro connects to Sevilha via Badajoz? Road: Faro (5) connects to Evora (2), Badajoz (4), Sevilha (9). So from Faro to Sevilha is direct: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns? The report says: "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" for Faro. But for Sevilha, it's not listed. We can assume similar.

We need to consider the enemy's possible moves. The enemy is King B, they have Madrid and Barcelona, and possibly other villages. We don't see them except Madrid. They might be building troops and moving.

Our immediate goals:
- Capture Vigo (neutral) to expand north.
- Capture Madrid (enemy) to expand further.
- Capture Toledo and Sevilha to expand south.
- We need to hold 18 villages. Currently 8. We need 10 more. There are 12 unexplored villages, some enemy, some neutral? Actually, total 24 villages. We have 8, enemy has Madrid (1) and Barcelona (1) = 2 known, neutral: Toledo, Vigo, Sevilha (3). Unexplored: 12. So total known: 8 + 2 + 3 = 13. Unexplored: 11? Wait, list: unexplored: Cordoba (11), Teruel (13), Burgos (14), Zaragoza (17), Valencia (16), Murcia (15), Castellon (18), Pamplona (19), Huesca (20), Tarragona (21), Barcelona (22), Girona (23). That's 12. So total: 8 ours + 2 enemy + 3 neutral + 12 unexplored = 25? But the map has 24 villages. Let's count: 0-23 is 24 villages. Ours: 0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7 (8). Enemy: 12 (Madrid), 22 (Barcelona) - but Barcelona is unexplored, we haven't seen it. So enemy known: Madrid. Neutral known: 8,10,9. Unexplored: 11,13,14,17,16,15,18,19,20,21,22,23. That's 8+1+3+12=24. Yes, 24.

So we need to conquer many villages. We should focus on the nearest ones first.

Let's consider the enemy's defense: Madrid has 2 archers, defense 5. It's weak. We can easily take it. Vigo has 4 archers, defense 10. Toledo has 4 spearmen, defense 10. Sevilha has 4 archers, defense 10.

We have troops available:
- Coimbra: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight (available to send). Plus arriving reinforcements: 3 spearmen, 3 archers from Lisboa, 1 spearman from Badajoz. So we can send a large army from Coimbra.
- Porto: 3 spearman, 3 knight.
- Salamanca: 4 archer.
- Badajoz: 2 archer (and 1 spearman marching out, but that's already ordered).
- Faro: 1 spearman, 2 archer.
- Lisboa: 2 spearman.
- Santarem: 2 spearman.
- Evora: 2 spearman, 1 archer.

We need to decide which village to attack first. Since we have multiple fronts, we can attack Madrid from Salamanca, Vigo from Porto, and maybe Toledo from Badajoz. But we need to consider that movements are simultaneous and we can only send one army per village per turn? Actually, we can send multiple armies from different villages. Each village can send its available troops.

We should coordinate. Let's think about the counter triangle. When attacking, we want to use the counter bonus. For Madrid (2 archers), we could send spearmen? Actually, archers counter spearman, but we are attacking, so we want to counter their troops. Madrid has 2 archers. The most numerous type in their garrison is archer. So we want to counter archers: knights counter archers. But we have few knights. We have 2 knights at Coimbra, 3 at Porto. We could send knights from Coimbra or Porto. But Madrid is connected to Salamanca. From Salamanca, we have only 4 archers. If we send archers, they don't counter themselves. We could send spearmen? Spearmen don't counter archers. So we should send knights if possible. But we need to consider travel time: from Salamanca to Madrid is 1 turn. From Coimbra to Madrid is via Salamanca? Actually, Coimbra connects to Salamanca, and Salamanca to Madrid. So if we send from Coimbra to Madrid, they would march to Salamanca first? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." Since Salamanca is ours, they would pass through Salamanca and continue to Madrid. But they would have to travel from Coimbra to Salamanca (2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn? Actually, from Coimbra to Salamanca: "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Coimbra. So it takes 2 slow turns? Wait, the report says: "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Coimbra. So a mixed army would take the speed of the slowest. If we send knights, they are fast, so 1 fast turn? Actually, the travel time is given as "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means if the army is all slow, it takes 2 turns; all medium, 1 turn; all fast, 1 turn. Mixed takes the slowest. So if we send knights, it takes 1 turn. If we send spearmen, 2 turns. So from Coimbra to Madrid would be: Coimbra to Salamanca (1 fast turn if knights) + Salamanca to Madrid (1 fast turn) = 2 turns? Actually, the march distance from Coimbra to Madrid is not directly given. But we can infer: Coimbra to Salamanca is 1 fast turn, Salamanca to Madrid is 1 fast turn. So total 2 fast turns. But if we send from Salamanca, it's 1 turn. So it's better to send from Salamanca to attack Madrid quickly.

Similarly, Vigo from Porto: 1 turn.

We also need to consider that the enemy might reinforce Madrid. But we don't know their moves.

Let's decide on builds and movements for this turn.

We need to build troops to replace losses and grow. Last turn we lost 2 troops at Porto and 2 at Salamanca. Our total troops at home are 31. We need to build more.

Let's calculate resources and what we can build:
We should build spearmen and archers because they are cheaper. Knights are expensive but useful for counter.

We need to decide which villages to send where.

Plan for this turn:
- Attack Madrid from Salamanca with a strong army. We have 4 archers at Salamanca. But we need to counter archers, so we should send knights. Can we send knights from somewhere else to Salamanca to then attack Madrid? We can send troops from Coimbra to Salamanca to reinforce, and then from Salamanca attack Madrid. But movements are simultaneous: if we send from Coimbra to Salamanca, they will arrive at Salamanca (which is ours) and join the garrison. But they won't be able to attack Madrid in the same turn because they arrive at Salamanca and then would need to march to Madrid. Actually, if we send from Coimbra to Madrid, they will pass through Salamanca and attack Madrid on arrival. But they would take 2 turns. If we send from Salamanca to Madrid, they attack in 1 turn. So we can send the Salamanca garrison to Madrid now, and also send reinforcements from Coimbra to Salamanca to replace the garrison. That way, Salamanca is not left defenseless.

But we need to consider that the enemy might attack our villages. We have border villages: Salamanca borders Madrid. Also, Badajoz borders Toledo and Sevilha (neutral). Porto borders Vigo (neutral). So we might be attacked from Madrid or from neutral villages if they are controlled by enemy? Actually, neutral villages are not enemy, but they might be conquered by enemy and then used as staging ground. We don't know if the enemy is moving.

Let's think about the enemy's perspective. They have Madrid with 2 archers. They might be building troops there or elsewhere. They might attack Salamanca. Our Salamanca has defense 10 (with location bonus). If we send all 4 archers away, its defense drops. We should leave some troops or reinforce it.

Let's list our available troops and decide on a strategy.

We want to capture Madrid, Vigo, Toledo, Sevilha as soon as possible. Then we can expand further.

Let's consider the order of attacks:
- Madrid is weak (2 archers, defense 5). We can take it with a small force.
- Vigo: 4 archers, defense 10. We need a decent force.
- Toledo: 4 spearmen, defense 10.
- Sevilha: 4 archers, defense 10.

We should attack Madrid and Vigo simultaneously since they are close. We can also attack Toledo and Sevilha from Badajoz and Faro.

But we need to have enough troops. Let's count our total available troops (not counting those already marching):
- Lisboa: 2 spearman
- Santarem: 2 spearman
- Evora: 2 spearman, 1 archer
- Coimbra: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight
- Badajoz: 2 archer (1 spearman already marching to Coimbra)
- Faro: 1 spearman, 2 archer
- Porto: 3 spearman, 3 knight
- Salamanca: 4 archer

Total available: spearman: 2+2+2+4+1+3 = 14? Wait, Lisboa 2, Santarem 2, Evora 2, Coimbra 4, Badajoz 0 (1 marching), Faro 1, Porto 3, Salamanca 0. So spearman: 2+2+2+4+1+3 = 14. But we also have 3 spearmen from Lisboa marching to Coimbra (already ordered), and 1 spearman from Badajoz marching to Coimbra. So those are in transit. Archer: Evora 1, Coimba 3, Badajoz 2, Faro 2, Porto 0, Salamanca 4. Total archer: 1+3+2+2+4 = 12. Knight: Coimbra 2, Porto 3. Total knight: 5.

So we have a lot of troops. We can send multiple armies.

Let's design the movements:

1. From Salamanca, send the 4 archers to Madrid. But we need to counter archers. If we send archers, they don't get counter bonus. Their attack is 2 each, total 8. Madrid defense is 5 (with location bonus? Actually, effective defense is 5, which includes location bonus. So we use that directly). Our attack power: archers have attack 2, so 4 archers = 8 attack. No counter bonus. Defender's defense: 5. We have higher force, so we win. But we might take losses. If we send knights instead, they would have attack 4 each, counter bonus 1.5x. But we don't have knights at Salamanca. We could send knights from Coimbra to Salamanca and then to Madrid, but that takes 2 turns. Or we could send knights from Porto to Vigo? Porto has 3 knights. Vigo has 4 archers. Knights counter archers. So from Porto, send 3 knights to Vigo: attack 4 each, total 12, with counter bonus 1.5x = 18. Vigo defense 10. We win with overwhelming force. But we also have 3 spearman at Porto. We could send them too, but they are slow and don't counter. Better to send just knights to minimize losses? Actually, mixed army marches at slowest speed. If we send knights and spearmen, the spearmen slow them down. But we can send them separately? We can send multiple armies from the same village? The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up... each send fights alone". But can we send multiple sends from the same village in one turn? The orders allow multiple movements from the same village? The JSON structure allows a list of movements, each with fromId and toId. It doesn't say we can't send from the same village multiple times. But typically in these games, you can only send one army per village per turn. However, the instructions don't explicitly forbid multiple sends from the same village. Let's check: "Each village you hold produces resources every turn... Only order a build the village can pay for now." For movements, it says: "movements": [ {"fromId": ..., "toId": ..., "troops": {...}} ]. It doesn't restrict multiple from same village. But logically, a village can only send out its available troops once. If we split them, we might send part of the garrison. The "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" lists the troops we can send. We can choose to send a subset. So we can send, say, 2 spearman and 1 archer from a village, and leave the rest. But can we send two separate groups from the same village in the same turn? Probably not, because the troops are all at the same place and would march together. The rules say "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up", implying that troops from the same village do add up. So we should send all troops we want from a village in one movement. So one movement per village per turn.

Thus, from Porto, we can send a mixed army of 3 spearman and 3 knight. But that would march at slow speed (spearman slow, knight fast, so slowest is slow). The travel time from Porto to Vigo: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So if we send a mixed army, it takes 1 slow turn? Actually, the report says: "march from [6] Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means if the army is all slow, it takes 1 turn; all medium, 1 turn; all fast, 1 turn. Wait, it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" meaning the number of turns for each speed type. So if the army is mixed with slowest being slow, it takes 1 slow turn? That would be 1 turn. But earlier it said "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for some routes. So for Porto to Vigo, it's 1 turn regardless of speed? Actually, it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns", which means it takes 1 turn if you have slow troops, 1 turn if medium, 1 turn if fast. So it's always 1 turn. So we can send a mixed army from Porto to Vigo and it arrives in 1 turn.

But we need to consider combat effectiveness. If we send 3 spearman (attack 1 each, total 3) and 3 knight (attack 4 each, total 12), the most numerous type is spearman (3 vs 3 knight? Actually, tie: 3 spearman, 3 knight. The rule: "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight". So spearman wins the tie, so the counter matchup is determined by spearman. Spearman counters knight? Actually, spearman counters knight. But we are attacking, so we want to counter the defender's troops. The defender has 4 archers. The most numerous type in our army is spearman (or tie goes to spearman). So the matchup is spearman vs archer. Spearman does not counter archer; archer counters spearman. So we would not get the counter bonus. Actually, the counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. So if our most numerous is spearman, and the enemy is archer, the enemy counters us! That would be bad. The rule: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It says "having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5". It doesn't say the enemy gets the counter. It says "the MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup". So we compare our most numerous type to the enemy's most numerous type. If our type counters their type, we get a bonus. If their type counters our type, do we get a penalty? It doesn't say. It only mentions a bonus. So likely, there is no penalty, just no bonus. But wait: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER." So if we don't have the counter, we just compare attack vs defense normally. But if the enemy's most numerous type counters our most numerous type, does that affect our defense? No, we are attacking. So we only care about our attack vs their defense. The counter bonus is only for the attacker if their most numerous type counters the defender's most numerous type. So we want to have our most numerous type counter the enemy's most numerous type.

So for Vigo (4 archers), we want our most numerous type to be knight (since knight counters archer). If we send 3 knight and 3 spearman, tie goes to spearman, so our most numerous is spearman, which does not counter archer. So we get no bonus. Better to send only knights, or send more knights than spearman. But we only have 3 knights at Porto. We could send just the 3 knights, leaving the spearman. That would be 3 knights, most numerous is knight, counters archers, so we get 1.5x multiplier on our attack. 3 knights attack = 12, times 1.5 = 18 effective attack. Vigo defense 10. We win easily. But we might take losses. If we send spearman too, they add attack but slow down the army and might not get counter. So it's better to send only knights from Porto to Vigo. We can leave the spearman at Porto to defend or build.

Similarly, for Madrid (2 archers), we want to counter archers with knights. But we don't have knights at Salamanca. We could send knights from Coimbra to Salamanca, but they would take 1 turn to arrive at Salamanca, and then another turn to attack Madrid? Actually, if we send from Coimbra to Madrid, they would pass through Salamanca and attack Madrid on arrival. The travel time from Coimbra to Madrid: Coimbra to Salamanca is 1 fast turn (if knights), Salamanca to Madrid is 1 fast turn. So total 2 fast turns. If we send from Salamanca to Madrid, it's 1 turn. So we can send the Salamanca archers now, but they don't counter. Or we can send knights from Coimbra to Madrid directly, but they take 2 turns. Meanwhile, the enemy might reinforce Madrid. We could also send a mixed army from Coimbra to Madrid with knights as the most numerous. Coimbra has 2 knights. If we send 2 knights and some archers, the most numerous might be archers if we send more archers. We have 3 archers at Coimbra. If we send 2 knight and 3 archer, tie? 2 knight, 3 archer -> most numerous is archer (3). Archer does not counter archer. So no bonus. If we send 2 knight and 1 archer, most numerous is knight (2 vs 1), so knight counters archer, bonus. So we could send 2 knight and 1 archer from Coimbra to Madrid. But they take 2 turns. Alternatively, we can send from Salamanca a force that includes knights if we first send knights from Coimbra to Salamanca to reinforce, and then next turn send them to Madrid. But that delays.

Maybe we should attack Madrid with the Salamanca archers now, even without counter, because it's weak. 4 archers attack 8, defense 5, we win. But we might lose some archers. We can also send additional troops from Coimbra to Salamanca to reinforce Salamanca after we send its garrison. That way, Salamanca remains defended.

Let's think about the overall plan. We need to capture multiple villages. We can do multiple attacks in parallel.

Let's list the attacks we want to launch this turn:
- Attack Madrid from Salamanca.
- Attack Vigo from Porto.
- Attack Toledo from Badajoz? Or maybe attack Sevilha from Faro or Badajoz.
- Also, we need to reinforce our border villages and prepare for future attacks.

We should also consider building troops. We have resources. We should build spearmen and archers at many villages to have a steady stream.

Let's decide on builds:
We need wood and iron. Let's check each village's production and stock.
- Lisboa: wood 30, iron 70. Produces 30 wood, 20 iron. Can build: 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Since we need many troops, let's build spearman. But we also need archers. Maybe build 1 archer and 1 spearman? But we can only build one type per village? The build order allows multiple types? The JSON: "build": [ {"villageId": ..., "type": ..., "quantity": ...} ]. It doesn't say we can't have multiple builds from the same village. But typically, a village can only build one unit type per turn? Or can it build multiple types? The rules: "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." It doesn't restrict to one type. But in many games, you can build multiple types as long as you have resources. However, the "Cap per village: when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building". So we can build multiple types. But we need to consider that building takes 1 turn, and they are ready next turn. So we can build a mix. But we should be efficient.

Let's think about what we need. We need spearman for infantry, archers for ranged, knights for cavalry. We have 5 knights total. We might want to build more knights to counter enemy archers. But knights are expensive (30 wood, 30 iron). We have villages with high iron: Lisboa iron 70, Santarem iron 50, Evora iron 50, Coimbra iron 40, Badajoz iron 40, Faro iron 40. Porto and Salamanca have 0 iron. So we can build knights at those villages. But we also need wood. Let's see if we can build knights at Coimbra: wood 30, iron 40. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. So we can build 1 knight at Coimbra. At Badajoz: wood 35, iron 40 -> 1 knight. At Faro: wood 35, iron 40 -> 1 knight. At Lisboa: wood 30, iron 70 -> 1 knight. At Santarem: wood 40, iron 50 -> 1 knight. At Evora: wood 40, iron 50 -> 1 knight. So we could build up to 6 knights this turn. But we also need spearman and archers to hold villages.

We should build a mix. Let's prioritize building spearman because they are cheap and we need numbers to hold captured villages. Also, we need to replenish losses.

Let's check the available troops at each village and decide what to build and send.

I propose the following moves for Turn 8:

**Movements:**
1. From Salamanca (7): send all 4 archers to Madrid (12). Attack Madrid. (We can also send them with a knight if we had one, but we don't.)
2. From Porto (6): send 3 knights to Vigo (10). Attack Vigo. Leave 3 spearman at Porto.
3. From Coimbra (3): send 2 knights and 1 archer to Salamanca (7) to reinforce it. (They will arrive in 1 turn? Coimbra to Salamanca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. If we send knights, it's 1 fast turn. If we send a mixed army with knight and archer, the slowest is medium? Archer is medium, knight is fast. So mixed army marches at medium speed. The travel time: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So if we send medium, it takes 1 medium turn? Actually, the notation means: if the army is all slow, it takes 2 turns; all medium, 1 turn; all fast, 1 turn. So a mixed army with slowest medium takes 1 turn? Wait, "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means the number of turns for each speed type. So if your army has slow troops, it takes 2 turns; if it has medium but no slow, it takes 1 turn; if it has only fast, it takes 1 turn. So if we send 2 knights (fast) and 1 archer (medium), the slowest is medium, so it takes 1 medium turn? That would be 1 turn. But the "2 slow" means if you have slow troops, it takes 2 turns. So if we don't include slow troops, it takes 1 turn. So sending 2 knights and 1 archer from Coimbra to Salamanca takes 1 turn. Good.
4. From Badajoz (4): send 2 archers to Toledo (8) to attack it? Or maybe send them to Sevilha? Let's think. Badajoz connects to Toledo (1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn) and Sevilha (2 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn). We can attack Toledo now. Toledo has 4 spearmen, defense 10. We have 2 archers at Badajoz. Archers counter spearmen! So if we send 2 archers, most numerous is archer, which counters spearmen. So we get 1.5x bonus. Attack: 2 archers = 4 attack, times 1.5 = 6. Toledo defense 10. We lose. We need more troops. We could send more from somewhere. We have 1 spearman at Badajoz? Actually, we have 1 spearman already marching to Coimbra. So Badajoz has 2 archers available. We could send them, but they are not enough. Maybe we should wait and gather more troops before attacking Toledo. Alternatively, we can send them to reinforce Salamanca or something.
5. From Faro (5): send 1 spearman and 2 archers to Sevilha (9)? Sevilha has 4 archers, defense 10. Our force: 1 spearman (attack 1), 2 archers (attack 4). Most numerous is archer (2 vs 1). Archer does not counter archer. So no bonus. Total attack 5, defense 10, we lose. Not good.
6. From Lisboa (0): send 2 spearman to Coimbra (3) to reinforce. (They will arrive in 1 turn? Lisboa to Coimbra: via Santarem? Actually, Lisboa connects to Santarem (1) and Evora (2). Coimbra connects to Santarem. So from Lisboa to Coimbra: Lisboa to Santarem (1 turn? Let's check distances. The report says for Lisboa: "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". That's to Salamanca. To Coimbra, it's probably similar. We need to see the road network. Lisboa (0) -> Santarem (1) -> Coimbra (3). So two hops. The travel time would be the sum. But we don't have exact numbers. We can assume it takes a few turns. But we already have reinforcements from Lisboa marching to Coimbra: 3 spearmen, 3 archers. They are arriving in 1 turn. So maybe we don't need to send more from Lisboa this turn. We can send them elsewhere.
7. From Santarem (1): send 2 spearman to Coimbra (3) to reinforce.
8. From Evora (2): send 2 spearman and 1 archer to Faro (5) or Badajoz (4)? We need to reinforce our southern border. Badajoz borders neutral villages. We might want to strengthen Badajoz.

We need to be strategic. Let's think about the enemy's possible moves. The enemy has Madrid with 2 archers. They might attack Salamanca. If we send all 4 archers from Salamanca to Madrid, Salamanca will have 0 troops (unless we reinforce it). Its defense is 10 (with location bonus). If the enemy attacks with 2 archers, they would attack Salamanca. Our defense: 10. Their attack: 2 archers = 2 attack? Actually, when attacking, they use attack values. 2 archers attack = 4. No counter bonus unless they have spearmen or knights. So they would deal 4 attack vs our 10 defense, we win easily. But if we leave no troops, the defense is just the location bonus? The effective defense includes location bonus and the troops' defense. The report says: "effective defense (location bonus included): 10". That is the defense value we see. If we have no troops, does the location bonus still apply? The rules: "Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital)." So the location bonus multiplies the defense of the troops. If there are no troops, the defense is 0? Or does the village itself have defense? The "effective defense" in the report likely includes the troops' defense multiplied by the location bonus. For Salamanca, it says effective defense 10 with 4 archers. Archer defense is 2. 4 archers defense = 8. In a village, x1.25 = 10. So that matches. If we remove the troops, the defense would be 0. So we must leave some troops to defend.

So we should not leave Salamanca completely empty. We can send 2 archers from Salamanca to Madrid, leaving 2 archers to defend. Or send all 4 but reinforce from Coimbra. Since Coimbra can send troops to Salamanca in 1 turn, we can send reinforcements that arrive this turn? Wait, movements are simultaneous. If we send from Coimbra to Salamanca, they will arrive at the end of the turn. But if we also send from Salamanca to Madrid, the troops we send from Salamanca are the ones available at the start of the turn. The reinforcements from Coimbra arrive after the movement phase? Actually, the rules: "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." So we order based on the current state. Troops we send from Coimbra to Salamanca will march and arrive at the end of the turn (or during?). The report says: "Your reinforcement (2 spearmen, 2 archers, 2 knights) arrived at [3] Coimbra" last turn. So arrivals happen at the end of the turn? Actually, the turn sequence: we give orders, then everything moves, then we see results. So if we send troops from Coimbra to Salamanca, they will be in transit during the turn and arrive at Salamanca at the end of the turn. Meanwhile, the troops we send from Salamanca to Madrid leave at the start of the turn. So Salamanca's garrison during the enemy's turn (if they attack) would be the troops that stayed. So we need to leave enough troops to defend against a possible attack this turn.

The enemy might attack Salamanca. They have Madrid with 2 archers. They could attack Salamanca. If we leave 2 archers at Salamanca, defense = 2 archers * 2 defense = 4, x1.25 = 5. Enemy attack: 2 archers = 4 attack. We win (5 vs 4). If we leave 0, they win easily. So we should leave at least 2 archers.

Similarly, Porto: we want to send 3 knights to Vigo. Leave 3 spearman. Porto defense: 3 spearman * 2 defense = 6, x1.25? Porto is a village? It says "effective defense (location bonus included): 15" for Porto. That was with 6 troops (3 spearman, 3 knight). Let's calculate: spearman defense 2, knight defense 2. Total defense = 6*2=12. Location bonus? Porto is a village? It was neutral, now ours. Village bonus x1.25 = 15. So 12*1.25=15. If we send 3 knights, leaving 3 spearman, defense = 3*2=6, x1.25 = 7.5 -> 7 or 8? The report says effective defense 15 currently. So if we leave 3 spearman, defense would be lower. But the enemy might not attack Porto because it's not on their border? They are in Madrid, which connects to Salamanca, not Porto. So Porto is safe for now.

Badajoz: borders Toledo and Sevilha (neutral). The enemy doesn't have access to those yet. So Badajoz is safe from enemy attack unless the enemy captures those villages.

Faro: safe.

So we can safely send troops from Salamanca and Porto to attack, as long as we leave a reasonable defense.

Let's refine the attack on Madrid:
We have 4 archers at Salamanca. If we send 2 archers to Madrid, we leave 2 archers. The attack on Madrid: 2 archers attack = 4. Madrid defense 5. We lose? 4 vs 5, defender wins. So we need more than 2 archers to take Madrid. If we send all 4 archers, attack = 8 vs 5, we win. But then Salamanca has 0 defense. Can we reinforce Salamanca from Coimbra in the same turn? If we send from Coimbra to Salamanca, they arrive at the end of the turn. But the enemy might attack Salamanca this turn. If they do, they would fight the garrison that is there at the start of the turn (which is 0 if we send all 4). So we would lose Salamanca. So we should not send all 4. We could send 3 archers, leaving 1. Attack = 6 vs 5, we win. Defense left: 1 archer = 2 defense, x1.25 = 2.5 -> maybe 3? That's weak but might hold against 2 archers? Enemy attack 4 vs our defense 3, they win. So we need to leave at least 2 archers to have defense 5, which beats their attack 4. But if we send 2 archers, attack 4 vs defense 5, we lose the attack. So we cannot take Madrid with just archers from Salamanca without leaving Salamanca vulnerable. We need to either:
- Send a mixed force from Coimbra to Madrid that includes knights to boost attack.
- Or send reinforcements to Salamanca first, then next turn attack with a stronger force.

Let's consider sending from Coimbra to Madrid directly. Coimbra to Madrid: road goes through Salamanca. Distance: Coimbra to Salamanca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Salamanca to Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So total: if we send knights, it takes 1 fast turn from Coimbra to Salamanca and 1 fast turn from Salamanca to Madrid = 2 fast turns. If we send a mixed army with medium, it might take 1 medium turn per hop? Actually, the travel time is per leg. The report gives travel time from a village to its nearest border village. For Coimbra, to Salamanca: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means the entire journey from Coimbra to Salamanca takes that many turns based on speed. So if we send knights, it takes 1 turn. If we send archers (medium), it takes 1 turn? Wait, it says "1 medium" meaning if the army is all medium, it takes 1 turn. So from Coimbra to Salamanca, any army without slow troops takes 1 turn. From Salamanca to Madrid, it's "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns", so any army without slow takes 1 turn. So total from Coimbra to Madrid would be 2 turns if we send without slow troops. So we can launch an attack from Coimbra to Madrid that arrives in 2 turns. Meanwhile, we can leave Salamanca's troops to defend.

But we want to capture Madrid quickly. If we wait 2 turns, the enemy might reinforce Madrid. However, Madrid currently has only 2 archers. They might build more. But we can also attack from Salamanca with a small force to weaken it, or just wait.

Another option: Send the 4 archers from Salamanca to Madrid, but also send knights from Coimbra to Salamanca to reinforce it. The knights would arrive at Salamanca at the end of this turn (1 turn). If the enemy attacks Salamanca this turn, they would face the 0 garrison and win. So that's risky. But maybe the enemy won't attack because they are defending Madrid? We don't know their orders. They might attack Salamanca if they think it's weak. But they only have 2 archers in Madrid. They might not have enough to attack. Or they might have other troops elsewhere.

We need to consider the fog of war. The enemy doesn't know our troop levels exactly. They might attack.

Let's think about the overall strategy. We have 8 villages. We need 18. We should expand in multiple directions. We have a strong army at Coimbra (9 + 7 arriving = 16). We can use Coimbra as a staging ground to attack both north (via Salamanca to Madrid) and east (via Porto to Vigo). We also have Badajoz and Faro for south.

Maybe we should focus on capturing Vigo and Madrid this turn, and then push further. For Madrid, we can send a strong army from Coimbra that includes knights to counter archers. Let's design a Coimbra army to attack Madrid. We want the most numerous type to be knight to counter archers. We have 2 knights at Coimbra. We can also send some archers or spearmen. If we send 2 knights and 1 archer, most numerous is knight (2 vs 1). Attack: knights 4 each = 8, archer 2 = 2, total 10. With counter bonus (knight counters archer): 10 * 1.5 = 15. Madrid defense 5. We win overwhelmingly. But we need to consider that the army will march through Salamanca. Since Salamanca is ours, they will pass through. They will arrive at Madrid in 2 turns. During the turn they arrive, they attack Madrid. That's fine.

But we also need to defend Salamanca in the meantime. If we send the Salamanca archers to Madrid, they would arrive in 1 turn and attack Madrid. That could be a separate attack. But if we send both, they would attack Madrid in different turns? Actually, if we send from Salamanca to Madrid (1 turn) and from Coimbra to Madrid (2 turns), they arrive on different turns. The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So they fight separately. If they arrive on different turns, they fight on their arrival turn. So we could send a small force from Salamanca to attack Madrid now, and a larger force from Coimbra to attack later. But the small force might not take it, and might lose troops. Better to coordinate.

Maybe we should just send from Salamanca a force that can take Madrid, but also leave enough to defend. We could send 3 archers from Salamanca, leaving 1. Attack 6 vs 5, we win. But we lose some archers. Then Salamanca has 1 archer (defense 2.5). If enemy attacks, they might take it. But if we also send reinforcements from Coimbra to Salamanca (say 2 knights and 1 archer), they arrive at the end of this turn. So after this turn, Salamanca will have 1 archer + 2 knights + 1 archer = 4 troops, which is decent. But during the enemy's turn, if they attack Salamanca, they fight the 1 archer. They might win. But do they have troops to attack? Madrid has 2 archers. If they attack Salamanca, they would leave Madrid empty? They might not want to leave Madrid. Or they might have other troops.

Let's check the enemy's other villages. We only know Madrid. They might have Barcelona and others. We don't know their troop numbers. We need to be cautious.

Perhaps we should prioritize defending our border villages while attacking. We can send a portion of Salamanca's troops to Madrid, but not all. Let's calculate the optimal split.

We have 4 archers at Salamanca. We want to attack Madrid with enough to win, but leave enough to defend against a possible attack from Madrid (2 archers). If we leave 2 archers, defense = 5 (as calculated). Enemy attack with 2 archers = 4. They lose. So if we leave 2 archers, Salamanca is safe from that garrison. But we can only send 2 archers to Madrid, which gives attack 4 vs defense 5, we lose. So we cannot take Madrid with 2 archers. So we need to either send more from Salamanca (risking defense) or send from elsewhere.

What if we send 3 archers from Salamanca? Attack 6 vs 5, we win. Leave 1 archer, defense = 2.5 -> 3? Enemy attack 4 vs 3, they win. So Salamanca falls if attacked. But will they attack? They might not, because they might be defending Madrid. Also, if we take Madrid, we capture their garrison. The enemy might not have time to attack Salamanca in the same turn because orders are simultaneous. They write orders based on the current state. If they see Salamanca with 4 archers, they might decide to attack it with their 2 archers, thinking they can win? But 2 archers vs 4 archers: attack 4 vs defense 10 (4 archers defense 8 *1.25=10), they lose. So they wouldn't attack. If we send 3 archers away, leaving 1, they might not know that until next turn? Actually, fog of war: they see Salamanca's garrison? They see the village they are connected to. Madrid is connected to Salamanca. So they can see Salamanca's garrison. They would see 4 archers at the start of the turn. They write orders based on that. So they wouldn't attack because they see 4 archers. They might attack something else. So if we send 3 archers from Salamanca, during the turn, the enemy's orders are already written based on the snapshot with 4 archers. So they won't attack Salamanca this turn because they think it has 4 archers. After the turn, they will see it has 1 archer. So it's safe for one turn. Then next turn they might attack. But by then, our reinforcements from Coimbra will have arrived (if we send them). So we can reinforce Salamanca.

Thus, we can send 3 archers from Salamanca to Madrid, leaving 1. They attack Madrid, win, and capture it. Salamanca is left with 1 archer, but we send reinforcements from Coimbra to Salamanca that arrive this turn (1 turn). So at the end of the turn, Salamanca will have 1 archer + the reinforcements. That should be enough to defend next turn.

Let's check the reinforcements we can send from Coimbra to Salamanca. We have at Coimbra: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight available. Plus arriving this turn: 3 spearmen, 3 archers from Lisboa, 1 spearman from Badajoz. But those arriving are not available to send this turn because they are in transit. We can only send the troops that are currently at home at Coimbra: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight. We can send a mixed group. We want to send a force that can defend Salamanca. Let's send 2 knights and 1 archer to Salamanca. They will arrive in 1 turn (since no slow troops). So at the end of the turn, Salamanca will have 1 archer (left) + 2 knights + 1 archer = 2 archers, 2 knights. That's a defense of: archers 2*2=4, knights 2*2=4, total 8, x1.25 = 10. Good defense.

Now, what about the attack on Madrid from Salamanca? We send 3 archers. Attack: 3 archers = 6 attack. Madrid defense 5. We win. We capture Madrid. Our losses: we lose some archers against Madrid's defense? The combat rules: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So we will lose some troops. The effective force of Madrid is its defense: 5. Our attack is 6. We win, but we take losses equal to the loser's effective force? Actually, "attrition against the loser's effective force" means the winner loses troops equal to the loser's effective force? Or a fraction? The rules don't specify exactly. In many games, losses are proportional. But we can assume we'll lose some archers. We might lose 1 or 2 archers. So after the battle, our 3 archers might be reduced to 1 or 2. But we still capture Madrid.

Now, for Vigo from Porto: We have 3 knights and 3 spearman at Porto. We want to attack Vigo (4 archers, defense 10). We should send a force that counters archers. Knights counter archers. If we send only 3 knights, attack = 12, with counter bonus 1.5x = 18. Vigo defense 10. We win. We might lose some knights. If we send the spearman too, they slow down the army and don't add much attack, and might change the most numerous type. So better to send only 3 knights. Leave 3 spearman at Porto. Porto defense then: 3 spearman = 6 defense, x1.25 = 7.5 -> 8? Actually, Porto is a village? It was neutral, now ours. Location bonus x1.25. So defense = 3*2=6 *1.25=7.5, probably 8. That's okay.

But we also need to consider that Vigo is connected to Burgos (14), which is unexplored. The enemy might have troops there. But for now, Vigo is neutral.

Now, what about other attacks? We could attack Toledo from Badajoz. Badajoz has 2 archers. Toledo has 4 spearmen, defense 10. Archers counter spearmen. If we send 2 archers, attack = 4, with counter bonus 1.5x = 6. Defense 10, we lose. So we need more troops. We could send reinforcements to Badajoz from somewhere. For example, from Faro (1 spearman, 2 archers) to Badajoz? Or from Santarem? Let's see. We have troops at Evora, Santarem, Lisboa. We can send them to Badajoz to reinforce, then next turn attack Toledo. Or we can send them directly to Toledo? But they would have to pass through Badajoz (which is ours) and then to Toledo. The distance from Lisboa to Toledo might be long. Let's check the road: Badajoz connects to Toledo. So to attack Toledo, we must start from Badajoz or from a village connected to Badajoz. Our nearest village to Toledo is Badajoz. So we need to gather troops at Badajoz.

We can send troops from Faro to Badajoz: Faro connects to Badajoz directly? Road: Faro (5) connects to Evora (2), Badajoz (4), Sevilha (9). So yes, Faro to Badajoz is a road. Travel time: from Faro to Badajoz? The report says for Faro: "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". That's to Salamanca via Badajoz? Actually, Faro to Salamanca goes through Badajoz? Road: Faro - Badajoz - Salamanca. So the distance from Faro to Badajoz is part of that. It says "2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" to Salamanca. So to Badajoz, it might be less. But we don't have exact numbers. We can assume it takes 1 or 2 turns. If we send from Faro to Badajoz, they will arrive in time to attack Toledo next turn.

Similarly, we can send from Santarem to Badajoz: Santarem connects to Badajoz directly? Road: Santarem (1) connects to Lisboa (0), Coimbra (3), Badajoz (4). So yes. Travel time: from Santarem to Badajoz? The report says for Santarem: "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". That's to Salamanca via Badajoz? Santarem - Badajoz - Salamanca. So to Badajoz is probably 1 turn.

We can also build troops at Badajoz. Badajoz has wood 35, iron 40. It can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). We should build something there to increase its garrison.

Let's decide on builds for this turn. We need to build troops to sustain our armies. We have many villages with resources. Let's list builds:

- Lisboa (0): wood 30, iron 70. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Since we need knights for counter, and Lisboa has high iron, let's build 1 knight. But knights are expensive. We might want to build more spearman to hold villages. Let's build 2 spearman at Lisboa? But we already have 2 spearman there. We can build more. Actually, we need to increase our total troops. Let's build 1 archer and 1 spearman? But we can only build one type per build order? The JSON allows multiple builds per village? The example shows a list of builds, each with villageId, type, quantity. It doesn't say we can't have multiple for the same village. But typically, a village can only build one unit type per turn? In many games, you can queue multiple types. However, the rules: "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." It doesn't restrict to one type. But to be safe, let's assume we can build multiple types as long as we have resources. But we need to consider that building takes 1 turn, and they all arrive next turn. So we can build a mix.

Let's think about what we need most. We need to replace losses and grow. We have 31 troops at home. We need to conquer many villages. We should build as many troops as possible.

Let's calculate maximum builds per village based on resources:

- Lisboa: wood 30, iron 70. Can build: 2 spearman (30 wood) -> uses all wood, leaves iron 70. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 35 wood (not enough). Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> uses 30 wood, 30 iron, leaves iron 40. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaves wood 10, iron 60. Since we need iron for knights, maybe build 1 knight and 1 spearman? 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 45 wood, not enough. So only 1 knight or 2 spearman or 1 archer. Let's build 1 knight to have a knight for counter. But we already have knights at Coimbra and Porto. Maybe build 2 spearman to have more bodies.

- Santarem: wood 40, iron 50. Can build: 2 spearman (30 wood) + 1 archer? 2 spearman (30) + 1 archer (20) = 50 wood, not enough. 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 spearman (15) = 45 wood, 30 iron -> wood 45 > 40, no. 1 knight (30,30) leaves wood 10, iron 20. Or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) leaves iron 30. Or 1 archer (20,10) + 1 spearman (15) = 35 wood, 10 iron. Let's build 2 archers? Or 1 knight and 1 spearman? Not enough wood for both. Let's build 1 knight and 1 archer? 1 knight (30,30) + 1 archer (20,10) = 50 wood, 40 iron -> wood 50 > 40, no. So max wood is 40. So we can build: 2 spearman (30 wood) and have 10 wood left; or 1 archer (20 wood) and 1 spearman (15) = 35 wood; or 1 knight (30 wood) and 0 others; or 2 archers (40 wood). Since we need knights, maybe 1 knight. But we also need spearman. Let's build 2 spearman and 1 archer? 2 spearman (30) + 1 archer (20) = 50 wood, too much. So we can't do all. Let's build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and leave the rest. Or build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) which uses all wood, leaves iron 30. Archers are useful for attack and defense.

- Evora: wood 40, iron 50. Similar to Santarem. Build 1 knight? Or 2 archers? Let's build 2 archers.

- Coimbra: wood 30, iron 40. Can build: 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). We need to reinforce Coimbra as it's our main staging ground. Let's build 2 spearman? Or 1 knight? Coimbra already has 2 knights. Building another knight might be good. But wood 30, iron 40. 1 knight uses 30 wood, 30 iron. Leaves iron 10. So we can build 1 knight. Or we can build 1 archer and 1 spearman? 1 archer (20,10) + 1 spearman (15) = 35 wood, too much. So only 1 knight or 2 spearman or 1 archer. Let's build 1 knight to have 3 knights total at Coimbra.

- Badajoz: wood 35, iron 40. Can build: 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Let's build 1 knight? Badajoz will be a staging ground for south. We need troops there. Let's build 2 spearman? Or 1 knight. Knights are valuable. Let's build 1 knight.

- Faro: wood 35, iron 40. Similar. Build 1 knight? Or 2 spearman. Let's build 2 spearman to defend and later attack.

- Porto: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.
- Salamanca: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.

So we can build several knights and spearmen. But we also need to consider that we have limited wood. Let's optimize for a balanced army.

We need to think about the counter triangle. We will be attacking neutral villages that have spearmen or archers. To counter spearmen, we need archers. To counter archers, we need knights. So we should build a mix.

Let's list the neutral villages we plan to attack:
- Vigo: 4 archers -> need knights.
- Toledo: 4 spearmen -> need archers.
- Sevilha: 4 archers -> need knights.
- Cordoba (11): unknown, but likely has troops.
- etc.

So we need both archers and knights. Spearmen are good for defense and as cheap troops, but they are weak against archers.

We should build archers at villages with good iron, and knights at villages with good wood and iron.

Let's decide on builds for this turn:

- Lisboa: build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Leaves wood 0, iron 40. (We have 2 spearman there already, so total troops at Lisboa after build: 2 spearman + 1 knight.)
- Santarem: build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Leaves wood 0, iron 30. (Current: 2 spearman. After build: 2 spearman, 2 archer.)
- Evora: build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Leaves wood 0, iron 30. (Current: 2 spearman, 1 archer. After: 2 spearman, 3 archer.)
- Coimbra: build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Leaves wood 0, iron 10. (Current: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight. After: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 3 knight.)
- Badajoz: build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Leaves wood 5, iron 10. (Current: 2 archer. After: 2 archer, 1 knight.)
- Faro: build 2 spearman (30 wood). Leaves wood 5, iron 40. (Current: 1 spearman, 2 archer. After: 3 spearman, 2 archer.)

This uses a lot of wood and iron. Let's check if we have enough:
Lisboa: wood 30 -> 0, iron 70 -> 40. OK.
Santarem: wood 40 -> 0, iron 50 -> 30. OK.
Evora: wood 40 -> 0, iron 50 -> 30. OK.
Coimbra: wood 30 -> 0, iron 40 -> 10. OK.
Badajoz: wood 35 -> 5, iron 40 -> 10. OK.
Faro: wood 35 -> 5, iron 40 -> 40. OK.

Total knights built: 1 (Lisboa) + 1 (Coimbra) + 1 (Badajoz) = 3 knights.
Total archers built: 2 (Santarem) + 2 (Evora) = 4 archers.
Total spearman built: 2 (Faro) = 2 spearman.

This seems good. We are producing a mix.

Now, movements for this turn:

We need to send troops to attack and reinforce.

Let's finalize the movements:

1. From Salamanca (7): send 3 archers to Madrid (12). (Attack)
2. From Porto (6): send 3 knights to Vigo (10). (Attack)
3. From Coimbra (3): send 2 knights and 1 archer to Salamanca (7). (Reinforce) - Wait, we are building 1 knight at Coimbra this turn, but it won't be ready until next turn. So we can only send the existing troops: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight. We want to send 2 knights and 1 archer. That uses 2 of our 2 knights, leaving 0 knights at Coimbra. But we need to keep some troops at Coimbra for future. We can send 1 knight and 2 archers? Or send 2 knights and 1 archer, but then Coimbra will have 4 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight. That might be okay. We can also send some spearman. But we need to defend Coimbra? Coimbra is interior, no enemy border, so it's safe. We can send more. Let's send 2 knights and 2 archers? That would be 2 knights, 2 archers. Travel time: mixed with knights (fast) and archers (medium) -> slowest is medium, so 1 turn. That's fine. But we need to leave some archers for future. We have 3 archers at Coimbra. If we send 2, we leave 1. That's okay. Let's send 2 knights and 2 archers to Salamanca. That gives Salamanca a strong defense: 1 archer (left) + 2 knights + 2 archers = 3 archers, 2 knights. Defense: archers 3*2=6, knights 2*2=4, total 10, x1.25 = 12.5 -> 12 or 13. Good.

But wait, we also have reinforcements arriving at Coimbra this turn: 3 spearmen, 3 archers from Lisboa, 1 spearman from Badajoz. They arrive at the end of the turn. So Coimbra will have those plus what we leave. If we send 2 knights and 2 archers, we leave 4 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knights. Then after arrivals, Coimbra will have 4+3+1=8 spearman, 1+3=4 archers, 0 knights. That's a lot of spearman. We might want to send some of those spearman elsewhere next turn.

4. From Badajoz (4): we have 2 archers available. We want to attack Toledo? But we don't have enough. We could send them to Sevilha? Or send them to Coimbra to reinforce? Or send them to Salamanca? But we are already reinforcing Salamanca from Coimbra. Maybe we should send the Badajoz archers to Toledo to attack, even if we lose, to weaken it? But we want to capture villages, not just weaken. We could send them to Badajoz's own defense? No, we need to send them somewhere. We can send them to Coimbra to reinforce, but Coimbra is interior and already has many troops. Better to send them to the front. We have two fronts: north (Salamanca/Madrid) and south (Toledo/Sevilha). We should develop the south front. Badajoz is our southern border. We need to attack Toledo and Sevilha. We can send the Badajoz archers to Toledo, but they are not enough. We could send them to Sevilha? Sevilha has 4 archers, defense 10. 2 archers attack 4, no bonus (archer vs archer), lose. So not good. We could send them to reinforce Salamanca? But Salamanca is already getting reinforcements. We could send them to Madrid? But Madrid is being attacked from Salamanca. If we send from Badajoz to Madrid, they would have to go through Salamanca? Badajoz connects to Salamanca directly? Road: Badajoz (4) connects to Santarem (1), Faro (5), Salamanca (7), Toledo (8), Sevilha (9). So Badajoz to Salamanca is a road. Travel time: from Badajoz to Salamanca: "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So if we send archers (medium), it takes 1 turn. They would arrive at Salamanca at the end of this turn. But Salamanca is sending its own troops to Madrid. If we send Badajoz archers to Salamanca, they reinforce Salamanca. That could be useful. But we already have Coimbra sending reinforcements to Salamanca. Maybe we don't need more there. Alternatively, we can send Badajoz archers to Toledo to attack, but we need more. We could send them to Faro? No.

What about sending from Faro? Faro has 1 spearman, 2 archers. We could send them to Sevilha to attack? Sevilha defense 10. Our force: 1 spearman (attack 1), 2 archers (attack 4). Most numerous: archer (2). Archer vs archer: no bonus. Total attack 5 vs 10, lose. Not good. We could send them to Badajoz to reinforce, then next turn attack Toledo. That seems better. Let's send Faro's troops to Badajoz. Travel time: Faro to Badajoz? Road: Faro (5) to Badajoz (4) is direct. The report says for Faro: "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". That's to Salamanca via Badajoz. So to Badajoz, it's probably 1 turn? Let's assume 1 turn for medium speed. So we can send Faro's 1 spearman and 2 archers to Badajoz. They will arrive in 1 turn, reinforcing Badajoz. Then next turn, Badajoz will have its own 2 archers + 1 knight (if we build) + Faro's 1 spearman, 2 archers = 2 archers, 1 knight, 1 spearman, 2 archers? Actually, careful: Badajoz currently has 2 archers. We are building 1 knight there (arrives next turn). Faro sends 1 spearman, 2 archers (arrive this turn). So at the end of this turn, Badajzo will have: 2 archers (original) + 1 spearman, 2 archers (from Faro) = 1 spearman, 4 archers. Plus next turn the built knight arrives. Then we can attack Toledo or Sevilha.

But wait, we also need to consider that Badajoz might be attacked. It borders Toledo and Sevilha (neutral). The enemy doesn't have access there yet. So it's safe.

So movement: from Faro (5): send 1 spearman and 2 archers to Badajoz (4).

Now, what about Lisboa and Santarem and Evora? We have troops there. We can send them to reinforce Coimbra or other places. Coimbra is our main staging ground. We already have reinforcements from Lisboa (3 spearmen, 3 archers) arriving at Coimbra this turn. Santarem has 2 spearman. We can send them to Coimbra. Evora has 2 spearman, 1 archer. We can send them to Faro or Badajoz? Let's send Santarem's 2 spearman to Coimbra. Send Evora's 2 spearman and 1 archer to Faro? Or to Badajoz? We already sent Faro's troops to Badajoz. Maybe we should send Evora's troops to Faro to reinforce Faro, since Faro will be our southern base after we send its troops. Let's send Evora's 2 spearman, 1 archer to Faro (5). Travel time: Evora to Faro? Road: Evora (2) connects to Lisboa (0) and Faro (5). So direct. Distance: from Evora to Faro? The report says for Evora: "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns". That's to Salamanca via Badajoz? Actually, Evora to Salamanca: Evora - Faro - Badajoz - Salamanca? Or Evora - Lisboa - Santarem - Coimbra - Salamanca? The road network: Evora connects to Lisboa and Faro. To get to Salamanca, the shortest road is probably via Faro and Badajoz. So the distance to Salamanca is 3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast. So to Faro, it's less. Probably 1 turn. Let's assume 1 turn for medium. So we can send them to Faro.

But we also need to consider that we are building troops at these villages. The builds we ordered will be ready next turn. So we don't need to send troops away from villages that are building, because the new troops will be there next turn. We can send the existing troops to the front.

Let's list all movements we plan:

- Salamanca (7) -> Madrid (12): 3 archers (attack)
- Porto (6) -> Vigo (10): 3 knights (attack)
- Coimbra (3) -> Salamanca (7): 2 knights, 2 archers (reinforce)
- Badajoz (4) -> ? We have 2 archers available. We could send them to Coimbra? Or to Salamanca? Or keep them? Let's send them to Coimbra to reinforce the staging ground. But Coimbra is already sending troops away. It might be good to keep Coimbra strong. Actually, Coimbra is sending 2 knights and 2 archers, leaving 4 spearman, 1 archer. That's weak. If we send Badajoz's 2 archers to Coimbra, Coimbra will have 4 spearman, 3 archers. Better. But Badajoz might need them for defense? Badajoz is interior? It says "INTERIOR (no enemy border)" for Badajoz? Wait, check the report: Badajoz is listed as "INTERIOR (no enemy border)". But it connects to Toledo and Sevilha which are neutral. So it's not bordering enemy, but it's a border to neutral. So it's safe from enemy attack for now. We can send its troops away. Let's send Badajoz's 2 archers to Coimbra (3). Travel time: Badajoz to Coimbra? Road: Badajoz (4) connects to Santarem (1), and Santarem connects to Coimbra (3). So Badajoz -> Santarem -> Coimbra. Distance: from Badajoz to Coimbra? The report says for Badajoz: "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That's to Salamanca. To Coimbra via Santarem: probably similar. If we send archers (medium), it might take 2 turns? We need to be careful. If we send them to Coimbra, they will take some turns to arrive. We might want to send them to a closer village. Alternatively, we can send them to Salamanca directly? Badajoz to Salamanca is 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So if we send archers, it takes 1 turn? Actually, "1 medium" means if all medium, it takes 1 turn. So Badajoz to Salamanca takes 1 turn for medium. So we can send Badajoz archers to Salamanca to reinforce, instead of from Coimbra. That might be better because Salamanca is the border. Let's send Badajoz's 2 archers to Salamanca (7). Then Salamanca gets: 1 archer (left) + 2 archers (from Badajoz) + reinforcements from Coimbra (2 knights, 2 archers) = 1 archer, 2 archers, 2 knights, 2 archers = 5 archers, 2 knights. That's a lot. But wait, we are sending 3 archers from Salamanca to Madrid. So the 1 archer left is after sending. If we send Badajoz's archers to Salamanca, they arrive at the end of the turn, after the attack on Madrid. So they don't participate in the attack. That's fine, they reinforce.

But we need to consider travel time: Badajoz to Salamanca takes 1 turn for medium. So they arrive this turn. Good.

So movement: Badajoz (4) -> Salamanca (7): 2 archers.

Now, what about Faro? We decided to send Faro's 1 spearman and 2 archers to Badajoz. That reinforces Badajoz. Travel time: Faro to Badajoz: probably 1 turn. So they arrive this turn.

Now, Santarem (1): we have 2 spearman. Send them to Coimbra (3) to reinforce. Travel time: Santarem to Coimbra: road direct? Santarem connects to Coimbra. Distance: from Santarem to Coimbra? The report says for Santarem: "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". That's to Salamanca via Badajoz? Or via Coimbra? Actually, Santarem to Salamanca: Santarem - Coimbra - Salamanca? Or Santarem - Badajoz - Salamanca? The road network: Santarem connects to Lisboa, Coimbra, Badajoz. To get to Salamanca, the shortest is probably via Coimbra? Let's check: Santarem (1) -> Coimbra (3) -> Salamanca (7). Or Santarem (1) -> Badajoz (4) -> Salamanca (7). Both are two hops. The report says "2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" to Salamanca. So to Coimbra, it's one hop, so likely 1 turn for medium? Actually, if to Salamanca is 2 medium turns, then to Coimbra (one hop) might be 1 medium turn. So we can send Santarem's 2 spearman to Coimbra, they arrive in 1 turn (since spearman are slow, it might take 2 slow turns? Wait, the travel time depends on the troop speed. If we send spearman (slow), the time is based on the slowest. For Santarem to Coimbra, if the distance is such that "2 slow" means it takes 2 turns if all slow, then sending spearman takes 2 turns. But we need to know the exact distance. The report gives travel time to the nearest border village. For Santarem, the nearest border village is Salamanca? It says "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So that's the distance to Salamanca. To Coimbra, which is not a border village but an interior village, the distance might be shorter. Coimbra is between Santarem and Salamanca? Actually, road: Santarem - Coimbra - Salamanca. So Santarem to Coimbra is one leg, Coimbra to Salamanca is another. The travel time from Coimbra to Salamanca is "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" (from Coimbra's report). So if Santarem to Salamanca is 2 slow, and Coimbra to Salamanca is 2 slow, then Santarem to Coimbra might be 0? That doesn't make sense. Let's look at the numbers:

From Coimbra: to Salamanca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast.
From Santarem: to Salamanca: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast.
From Badajoz: to Salamanca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast.
From Porto: to Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. (Wait, Porto to Salamanca? Porto connects to Salamanca directly? Road: Porto (6) connects to Coimbra (3), Salamanca (7), Vigo (10). So Porto to Salamanca is direct. The report for Porto says: "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So that's 1 turn for any speed.

So the distances vary. For Santarem to Salamanca, it's 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast. That suggests the road from Santarem to Salamanca is longer for slow troops. Since Santarem to Salamanca goes through either Coimbra or Badajoz, the distance is the sum of two legs. If we assume each leg has a certain length, we can infer. But we don't need exact times for all; we just need to know if sending troops from Santarem to Coimbra will arrive in time. Since Coimbra is interior and not a border, we might not have the exact travel time from Santarem to Coimbra. But we can estimate: if Santarem to Salamanca is 2 slow turns, and Coimbra to Salamanca is 2 slow turns, then Santarem to Coimbra might be very short, maybe 1 slow turn? Actually, if both are 2 slow turns to Salamanca, that suggests the route from Santarem to Salamanca might be via Badajoz? Let's check the road: Santarem (1) connects to Badajoz (4) and Coimbra (3). Badajoz connects to Salamanca (7). Coimbra connects to Salamanca. So there are two routes: Santarem -> Badajoz -> Salamanca, or Santarem -> Coimbra -> Salamanca. The game likely uses the shortest path. The travel time from Santarem to Salamanca is given as 2 slow. That could be either route. We don't know which is shorter. But we can look at the numbers: from Badajoz to Salamanca is 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. From Coimbra to Salamanca is 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. So both are 2 slow. So Santarem to Salamanca via either is 2 slow + something? Actually, if Badajoz to Salamanca is 2 slow, then Santarem to Badajoz must be 0 slow? That can't be. The numbers are total travel time from the village to the destination. So from Santarem to Salamanca, the total is 2 slow. That means the entire journey takes 2 turns for a slow army. So if we go Santarem -> Badajoz -> Salamanca, and Badajoz to Salamanca takes 2 slow, then Santarem to Badajoz must take 0 slow, which is impossible. So the route must be Santarem -> Coimbra -> Salamanca? But Coimbra to Salamanca takes 2 slow, so again Santarem to Coimbra would be 0. This suggests that the "2 slow" might be the number of turns if the army is all slow, but the distance might be measured in "slow turns" where each road segment has a length. Perhaps the numbers are not additive in a simple way. Actually, the report says: "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". That means if you send an all-slow army, it takes 3 turns; all-medium takes 2 turns; all-fast takes 1 turn. So the distance is such that slow troops take 3 turns, medium take 2, fast take 1. This implies the distance is 3 "slow units", 2 "medium units", 1 "fast unit". For different routes, the numbers differ.

For our purposes, we can just use the given travel times from the source village. If we want to send troops from Santarem to Coimbra, we need to know the travel time. It's not given directly. But we can infer from the fact that Coimbra is connected to Santarem. We can look at the travel time from Coimbra to Santarem? The report for Coimbra doesn't list Santarem; it lists the nearest border village. But we can assume that the distance between Santarem and Coimbra is the same as between Coimbra and Santarem. Since Coimbra is interior, its report gives distance to Salamanca. From Coimbra to Salamanca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. So if we want to send from Santarem to Coimbra, we can think of it as the reverse. But the distance might be symmetric. However, the travel time from Santarem to Coimbra might be different from Coimbra to Santarem? Usually symmetric. But we don't have the number. We can estimate: if Santarem to Salamanca is 2 slow, and Coimbra to Salamanca is 2 slow, then Santarem to Coimbra is likely 1 slow? Or maybe 2 slow? Actually, if both are 2 slow to Salamanca, that suggests the path from Santarem to Salamanca does not go through Coimbra, because if it did, the distance would be Santarem->Coimbra + Coimbra->Salamanca, which would be longer than Coimbra->Salamanca alone. Since both are 2 slow, it implies that Santarem to Salamanca is via a different route (maybe direct via Badajoz) that is also 2 slow. Let's check the road: Santarem to Badajoz is a road. Badajoz to Salamanca is 2 slow. So Santarem to Badajoz must be 0 slow? That doesn't work. Unless the "2 slow" from Badajoz to Salamanca is actually the total from Badajoz, and from Santarem to Salamanca is also 2 slow, meaning the route from Santarem to Salamanca might be Santarem -> Lisboa -> Evora -> Faro -> Badajoz -> Salamanca? That's too long. This is confusing.

Maybe the travel times are not additive in the way we think. The report gives the travel time from a specific village to its nearest border village. That border village is always Salamanca for many of them. So the numbers represent the time to reach Salamanca from that village. For Coimbra, it's 2 slow to Salamanca. For Santarem, it's 2 slow to Salamanca. That means both take 2 slow turns to reach Salamanca. If they both take the same time, they must be equally distant from Salamanca. But they are different villages. How can they both be 2 slow turns to Salamanca? Unless the road network has a different topology. Let's look at the road network again:

[0] Lisboa: [1], [2]
[1] Santarem: [0], [3], [4]
[2] Evora: [0], [5]
[3] Coimbra: [1], [6], [7]
[4] Badajoz: [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]
[5] Faro: [2], [4], [9]
[6] Porto: [3], [7], [10]
[7] Salamanca: [3], [4], [6], [12]

So Salamanca (7) connects to Coimbra (3), Badajoz (4), Porto (6), Madrid (12).
Coimbra (3) connects to Santarem (1), Porto (6), Salamanca (7).
Santarem (1) connects to Lisboa (0), Coimbra (3), Badajoz (4).
Badajoz (4) connects to Santarem (1), Faro (5), Salamanca (7), Toledo (8), Sevilha (9).

So from Santarem to Salamanca, the shortest path is either:
- Santarem -> Coimbra -> Salamanca (2 hops)
- Santarem -> Badajoz -> Salamanca (2 hops)

Both are 2 hops. So the travel time should be the sum of the two legs. But the report gives a single number for the whole journey. For Coimbra to Salamanca (1 hop), it's 2 slow. That means a single hop from Coimbra to Salamanca takes 2 slow turns. That's a long hop. For Porto to Salamanca (1 hop), it's 1 slow turn. So hops have different lengths. So Coimbra-Salamanca is a long road (2 slow turns), while Porto-Salamanca is a short road (1 slow turn). Now, Santarem to Salamanca via Coimbra would be Santarem-Coimbra + Coimbra-Salamanca. We don't know Santarem-Coimbra distance. But since Santarem to Salamanca is given as 2 slow, that suggests the total is 2 slow. If Coimbra-Salamanca is already 2 slow, then Santarem-Coimbra must be 0 slow, which is impossible. Therefore, the route from Santarem to Salamanca must be via Badajoz, not Coimbra. Let's check: Santarem-Badajoz + Badajoz-Salamanca. Badajoz-Salamanca is 2 slow (from Badajoz's report: "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"). So if Badajoz-Salamanca is 2 slow, then Santarem-Badajoz must be 0 slow to make the total 2 slow. Again impossible.

This suggests that the travel times are not simply additive per hop. Instead, the game might calculate travel time based on the overall distance along the roads, and the numbers given are the time from that specific village to the border village. It might be that from Santarem, the road to Salamanca is a different route that is shorter than the sum of its parts? Or perhaps the "nearest border village" is not always Salamanca? For Santarem, it says "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So Salamanca is the nearest border village. For Coimbra, it's also Salamanca. For Badajoz, also Salamanca. For Porto, also Salamanca. So all these villages have Salamanca as their nearest border village. That means Salamanca is the only border village they have? Actually, Badajoz also borders Toledo and Sevilha, but those are neutral, not enemy. The report says "BORDER with [12] (enemy)" for Salamanca. For Badajoz, it says "INTERIOR (no enemy border)". So Badajoz does not border an enemy village; it borders neutral villages. So its nearest border village might be defined differently? The report says "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca" for Badajoz. So even though Badajoz doesn't border an enemy, Salamanca is still considered a border village? Or maybe the "nearest border village" means the nearest village that is on the border of your territory? Actually, Salamanca is a border village because it borders an enemy. Badajoz is interior. So the travel time from Badajoz to Salamanca is given. So that's the time to reach the border village Salamanca from Badajoz.

Given the complexity, we should just use the travel times from the source village to the destination if we have it, or estimate based on the number of hops. For movements between our own villages, we can usually assume it takes 1 turn if they are adjacent, but some adjacent hops take 2 turns for slow troops. Since we are sending mixed armies, we care about the speed of the slowest. To simplify, we can just send troops and accept that they will take a certain number of turns. The exact arrival time might not be critical if we are planning multiple turns ahead. The orders are simultaneous, so we just need to issue the orders.

Let's not overcomplicate. We can send reinforcements from Santarem to Coimbra. They will arrive eventually. Since Coimbra is our main staging ground, it's fine.

Let's also send from Lisboa: we have 2 spearman. Send them to Coimbra? Or send them to Santarem? We already have reinforcements from Lisboa marching to Coimbra (3 spearmen, 3 archers). Those are already ordered. We can send the 2 available spearman to Coimbra as well? But they would be a separate army. We can send them to Santarem instead, to reinforce Santarem, and then next turn from Santarem to Coimbra. Or we can send them directly to Coimbra. Let's send them to Coimbra.

From Evora: we have 2 spearman, 1 archer. Send them to Faro to reinforce Faro, as we planned.

Now, let's also consider that we need to attack Sevilha and Toledo eventually. We are gathering troops at Badajoz and Faro. We can send more troops there.

What about the enemy capital Barcelona? We don't need to take it to win, but we might need to eliminate enemy villages. The enemy has Madrid and Barcelona. If we take Madrid, we eliminate one enemy village. We also need to find and eliminate others.

Our plan should be to capture Madrid, Vigo, Toledo, Sevilha, and then push into the unexplored territory.

Let's write the plan for the next several turns:
- This turn: Attack Madrid from Salamanca with 3 archers; attack Vigo from Porto with 3 knights; reinforce Salamanca from Coimbra and Badajoz; reinforce Badajoz from Faro; reinforce Coimbra from Santarem and Lisboa; build troops at all villages.
- Next turn: After capturing Madrid and Vigo, we will have 10 villages. Then we can push to Toledo and Sevilha from Badajoz and Faro. Also, from Madrid, we can push to Toledo and Zaragoza. From Vigo, push to Burgos. We need to continue building troops.

Now, let's finalize the exact movements and builds for this turn.

We need to specify the JSON.

Builds:
We decided on:
- Lisboa (0): build 1 knight.
- Santarem (1): build 2 archers.
- Evora (2): build 2 archers.
- Coimbra (3): build 1 knight.
- Badajoz (4): build 1 knight.
- Faro (5): build 2 spearman.
- Porto (6): cannot build.
- Salamanca (7): cannot build.

But we need to check if we have enough resources for these builds. Let's double-check each village's stock and production. The report gives current wood and iron, and production per turn. The production is added at the start of the turn? Or at the end? Typically, resources are produced and then we can spend them. The report says: "wood 30 (+30/turn) | iron 70 (+20/turn)". That means currently it has 30 wood, 70 iron, and each turn it produces 30 wood and 20 iron. So the production happens, then we can build. So the numbers we see are after production? Or before? The report says "These numbers are from TURN 8." So likely, the numbers shown are the current resources available for this turn's builds. So we can use them.

Let's verify resources for each build:

Lisboa: wood 30, iron 70. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. After build: wood 0, iron 40. OK.
Santarem: wood 40, iron 50. 2 archers cost 40 wood, 20 iron. After: wood 0, iron 30. OK.
Evora: wood 40, iron 50. 2 archers cost 40 wood, 20 iron. After: wood 0, iron 30. OK.
Coimbra: wood 30, iron 40. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. After: wood 0, iron 10. OK.
Badajoz: wood 35, iron 40. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. After: wood 5, iron 10. OK.
Faro: wood 35, iron 40. 2 spearman cost 30 wood, 0 iron. After: wood 5, iron 40. OK.

All builds are affordable.

Now movements:

We need to list each movement with fromId, toId, and troops.

1. Salamanca (7) -> Madrid (12): 3 archers. (We leave 1 archer at Salamanca)
2. Porto (6) -> Vigo (10): 3 knights. (Leave 3 spearman at Porto)
3. Coimbra (3) -> Salamanca (7): 2 knights, 2 archers. (Leave 4 spearman, 1 archer at Coimbra)
4. Badajoz (4) -> Salamanca (7): 2 archers. (Leave 0? Badajoz has 2 archers available. We send both. But we also have 1 spearman already marching to Coimbra from Badajoz (ordered last turn). That spearman is already on the march, so it's not at Badajoz this turn. So Badajoz's available troops are 2 archers. We send both. So Badajoz will have 0 troops left. But we are building 1 knight there this turn (arrives next turn). And we have Faro sending 1 spearman, 2 archers arriving this turn. So Badajoz will end the turn with those reinforcements. So it's okay to send all.
5. Faro (5) -> Badajoz (4): 1 spearman, 2 archers. (Leave 0 at Faro? Faro currently has 1 spearman, 2 archers. We send all. But we are building 2 spearman at Faro this turn (arrives next turn). So Faro will have those next turn. Also, we might send Evora's troops to Faro. So Faro will get reinforcements.)
6. Santarem (1) -> Coimbra (3): 2 spearman. (Leave 0 at Santarem? Santarem has 2 spearman. We send both. We are building 2 archers at Santarem this turn (arrives next turn). So Santarem will have those next turn.)
7. Lisboa (0) -> Coimbra (3): 2 spearman. (Leave 0 at Lisboa? Lisboa has 2 spearman. We send both. We are building 1 knight at Lisboa this turn (arrives next turn). So Lisboa will have 1 knight next turn.)
8. Evora (2) -> Faro (5): 2 spearman, 1 archer. (Leave 0 at Evora? Evora has 2 spearman, 1 archer. We send all. We are building 2 archers at Evora this turn (arrives next turn). So Evora will have 2 archers next turn.)

We also have the already marching troops:
- From Lisboa to Coimbra: 3 spearmen, 3 archers (arriving this turn)
- From Badajoz to Coimbra: 1 spearman (arriving this turn)

So after this turn's movements and arrivals, our villages will have:
- Lisboa: 0 troops (but 1 knight building arrives next turn)
- Santarem: 0 troops (2 archers building arrives next turn)
- Evora: 0 troops (2 archers building arrives next turn)
- Coimbra: left with 4 spearman, 1 archer; plus arriving: 3 spearmen, 3 archers (from Lisboa), 1 spearman (from Badajoz), 2 spearman (from Santarem), 2 spearman (from Lisboa) = total: spearman: 4+3+1+2+2 = 12? Wait, careful: Coimbra initially had 4 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight. We send away 2 knights, 2 archers. So left: 4 spearman, 1 archer. Arriving: from Lisboa (already ordered): 3 spearmen, 3 archers; from Badajoz (already ordered): 1 spearman; from Santarem (new): 2 spearman; from Lisboa (new): 2 spearman. Total arriving: spearman: 3+1+2+2 = 8; archer: 3. So Coimbra ends with: 4+8=12 spearman, 1+3=4 archer, 0 knight. That's a lot of spearman. We might want to send some away next turn.
- Badajoz: left with 0; arriving: from Faro: 1 spearman, 2 archers; plus building 1 knight next turn. So Badajoz ends with 1 spearman, 2 archers.
- Faro: left with 0; arriving: from Evora: 2 spearman, 1 archer; plus building 2 spearman next turn. So Faro ends with 2 spearman, 1 archer.
- Porto: left with 3 spearman; no arrivals. So Porto has 3 spearman.
- Salamanca: left with 1 archer; arriving: from Coimbra: 2 knights, 2 archers; from Badajoz: 2 archers. So Salamanca ends with: 1+2+2=5 archers? Wait: 1 archer left + 2 archers from Coimbra + 2 archers from Badajoz = 5 archers, plus 2 knights. So Salamanca: 5 archers, 2 knights.
- Madrid: we attack with 3 archers from Salamanca. If we win, we capture Madrid and its garrison (2 archers) becomes ours? Actually, when you capture a village, you take over its troops? The rules: "The winner also takes losses... The loser's army is destroyed entirely" for field battles. For village attacks, "the winner takes losses and keeps marching"? No, for attacking a village, the rules say: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So it's a siege. The defender's garrison fights. If we win, we capture the village. What happens to the defender's troops? They are destroyed or captured? Typically, the defender's troops are destroyed, and the village becomes ours with 0 troops? Or do we get some troops? The rules don't specify. In many games, the defender's troops are lost, and the village has no troops after capture. But we can send our own troops to garrison it. We need to check the report from last turn: "You attacked [6] Porto: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 2 troops)". It doesn't say we gained troops. So likely, the enemy garrison is destroyed, and we take the village with 0 troops. We then need to send troops to hold it.

So after capturing Madrid, it will have 0 troops. We can reinforce it next turn.

Similarly, Vigo: we capture it, it will have 0 troops.

Now, we also need to consider that the enemy might have other troops. We don't see any enemy armies on the march. So they might be building or moving in unexplored areas.

Let's think about the enemy's capital Barcelona. We haven't seen it. We need to explore.

Our plan should include exploring the map. We can send armies to unexplored villages to reveal them. But we need to be careful of strong enemy garrisons.

For now, let's focus on the immediate attacks and builds.

One more thing: we need to write the "plan" and "statement" texts.

Plan: We should describe our campaign over the next turns. Since we are capturing Madrid and Vigo this turn, we can then push to Toledo, Sevilha, and beyond. We need to consolidate our gains and build troops.

Statement: We can say something like: "This turn, we launch attacks on Madrid and Vigo. Our archers strike Madrid while our knights overwhelm Vigo. We reinforce our border villages and continue building troops for the next phase of the campaign."

Now, let's construct the JSON.

We need to ensure the JSON is valid and contains the required fields.

Let's list the movements clearly:

Movements:
1. fromId: 7, toId: 12, troops: { "archer": 3 }  (Salamanca to Madrid)
2. fromId: 6, toId: 10, troops: { "knight": 3 }  (Porto to Vigo)
3. fromId: 3, toId: 7, troops: { "knight": 2, "archer": 2 }  (Coimbra to Salamanca)
4. fromId: 4, toId: 7, troops: { "archer": 2 }  (Badajoz to Salamanca)
5. fromId: 5, toId: 4, troops: { "spearman": 1, "archer": 2 }  (Faro to Badajoz)
6. fromId: 1, toId: 3, troops: { "spearman": 2 }  (Santarem to Coimbra)
7. fromId: 0, toId: 3, troops: { "spearman": 2 }  (Lisboa to Coimbra)
8. fromId: 2, toId: 5, troops: { "spearman": 2, "archer": 1 }  (Evora to Faro)

We need to check if any of these movements are invalid. For example, can we send troops from a village that has 0 troops of that type? No, we must only send what's available.

Let's verify availability:
- Salamanca: available: 0 spearman, 4 archer, 0 knight. We send 3 archer. OK.
- Porto: available: 3 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight. We send 3 knight. OK.
- Coimbra: available: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight. We send 2 knight, 2 archer. OK.
- Badajoz: available: 0 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight. We send 2 archer. OK. (Note: 1 spearman is already marching out, so not available.)
- Faro: available: 1 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight. We send 1 spearman, 2 archer. OK.
- Santarem: available: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. We send 2 spearman. OK.
- Lisboa: available: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. We send 2 spearman. OK.
- Evora: available: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight. We send 2 spearman, 1 archer. OK.

All valid.

Now builds:
We need to specify villageId, type, quantity.
- Lisboa: 1 knight
- Santarem: 2 archer
- Evora: 2 archer
- Coimbra: 1 knight
- Badajoz: 1 knight
- Faro: 2 spearman

We can list them as separate objects in the build array.

Now, plan and statement.

Let's write the plan:
"Capture Madrid and Vigo this turn. Then use the expanded territory to build up troops. Next, attack Toledo and Sevilha from the south (Badajoz/Faro) and push north from Madrid into Zaragoza and beyond. Continue reinforcing Coimbra as our central staging point. Build a mix of archers and knights to counter enemy troops."

Statement:
"This turn we strike at Madrid and Vigo. Our archers take Madrid while our knights overwhelm Vigo. We leave enough troops to hold our borders and send reinforcements to the front. The campaign expands on multiple fronts."

Now, we need to output ONLY the JSON. No text before or after.

Let's double-check the JSON format:

{
  "build": [ {"villageId": 0, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}, ... ],
  "movements": [ {"fromId": 7, "toId": 12, "troops": {"archer": 3}}, ... ],
  "plan": "...",
  "statement": "..."
}

Make sure the types are strings: "spearman", "archer", "knight". (Note: the report uses "spearman" with an 'a'? Actually, it says "spearman" in the text. Check: "spearman: attack 1, defense 2". Yes, it's "spearman". In the available troops, it says "spearman". So we use "spearman".)

Also, note that in the report, the available troops say "spearman" but in the JSON example, it might be "spearman". We'll use "spearman".

Let's write the JSON.

We need to be careful with the village IDs. They are numbers.

Let's list builds with villageId:
0: Lisboa - knight 1
1: Santarem - archer 2
2: Evora - archer 2
3: Coimbra - knight 1
4: Badajoz - knight 1
5: Faro - spearman 2

Movements:
from 7 to 12: archer 3
from 6 to 10: knight 3
from 3 to 7: knight 2, archer 2
from 4 to 7: archer 2
from 5 to 4: spearman 1, archer 2
from 1 to 3: spearman 2
from 0 to 3: spearman 2
from 2 to 5: spearman 2, archer 1

Now, we should consider if we need to send any troops to hold Madrid and Vigo after capture. We can do that next turn. For now, we just attack.

Also, we might want to send a small garrison to Madrid from somewhere? But we can't do it in the same turn as the attack because the attack happens and then the village is ours, but the troops we send would have to arrive later. We can send reinforcements to Madrid next turn.

One potential issue: When we attack Madrid with 3 archers from Salamanca, they will fight the garrison of 2 archers. The effective defense of Madrid is 5 (location bonus included). Our attack: 3 archers = 6 attack. We win. But we take losses. How many losses? The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So our losses are based on the loser's effective force. The loser is the defender, its effective force is its defense: 5. So we lose some troops. It might be that we lose 1 or 2 archers. So after the battle, we might have 1 or 2 archers left. They will be at Madrid? Or do they return? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there." So the army stops at Madrid, fights, and if it wins, it captures the village. The surviving troops probably stay at Madrid as a garrison? Or they can continue? The rule doesn't specify. In many games, the army occupies the village and can be used as a garrison. We can assume the surviving troops remain at Madrid. So after the attack, Madrid will have our surviving archers. That's good.

Similarly for Vigo: we send 3 knights, they fight 4 archers (defense 10). Our attack: 3 knights = 12, with counter bonus (knight vs archer) 1.5x = 18. We win. We take losses based on Vigo's effective force (10). So we might lose 2 or 3 knights. Survivors stay at Vigo.

So we don't need to send a separate garrison immediately.

Now, let's consider the travel times for the attacks:
- Salamanca to Madrid: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". We send archers (medium), so it takes 1 turn. They arrive this turn and attack.
- Porto to Vigo: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". We send knights (fast), so it takes 1 turn. Arrive this turn and attack.
- Coimbra to Salamanca: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". We send 2 knights, 2 archers. Slowest is medium (archer). So it takes 1 medium turn? Actually, "1 medium" means if all medium, it takes 1 turn. So they arrive this turn.
- Badajoz to Salamanca: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". We send archers (medium), so 1 turn. Arrive this turn.
- Faro to Badajoz: distance? Not given. But likely 1 turn for medium. We send 1 spearman (slow) and 2 archers (medium). Slowest is slow. So it might take 2 slow turns? The travel time from Faro to its nearest border village (Salamanca) is "2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". That's to Salamanca via Badajoz? So Faro to Badajoz is part of that. If we assume the distance from Faro to Badajoz is such that slow troops take 2 turns? Actually, if the whole journey to Salamanca takes 2 slow turns, then Faro to Badajoz might take 1 slow turn, and Badajoz to Salamanca takes 1 slow turn? But Badajoz to Salamanca takes 2 slow turns according to its own report. So that doesn't add up. This is confusing. Let's look at the numbers again:

From Faro: to Salamanca: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast.
From Badajoz: to Salamanca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast.
From Coimbra: to Salamanca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast.
From Porto: to Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast.
From Santarem: to Salamanca: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast.

Notice that the fast time is always 1 turn, except for some? Actually, all have "1 fast turns" except Santarem has "1 fast"? Wait, Santarem: "2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" - yes, 1 fast. So fast troops always take 1 turn to reach Salamanca from any of these villages? That suggests that Salamanca is very close in terms of fast travel. But slow troops take varying times. This might indicate that the roads have different qualities, or the travel time is not simply distance but also depends on the terrain. The important thing is: we have the travel time from the source village to the destination if we use the given border village as a reference. But for movements between our own villages, we might not have the exact time. However, the game must have a consistent map. We can infer that if we send troops from Faro to Badajoz, they will take some number of turns. Since we don't have the exact number, we might just assume it takes 1 turn for medium, but if we include slow troops, it might take longer. To be safe, we can avoid sending mixed speeds if we want them to arrive quickly. But we need to send the Faro troops to Badajoz to reinforce. We can send just the 2 archers from Faro to Badajoz, leaving the spearman? But we want to send all to reinforce. Alternatively, we can send the spearman from Faro to Badajoz separately? No, we can only send one army per village. So we have to send them together. They will take however long it takes. It might be 2 turns for slow. That's okay; they will arrive eventually. The important thing is that they are on the way.

Given the uncertainty, we should not rely on reinforcements arriving in exactly 1 turn for all movements. But for the attacks on Madrid and Vigo, we know they take 1 turn. For the reinforcements to Salamanca from Coimbra and Badajoz, we know they take 1 turn (since we send medium troops and the time is 1 medium turn). So Salamanca will be reinforced this turn. For Faro to Badajoz, it might take 2 turns if the slowest is slow. That means they might not arrive until turn 10. That's fine; we can plan accordingly.

We could instead send from Faro only the 2 archers (medium) to Badajoz, so they arrive in 1 turn. The spearman can stay or be sent later. But we want to build up Badajoz quickly. Let's send only the 2 archers from Faro to Badajoz. Then Faro keeps the spearman. But we are building 2 spearman at Faro next turn, so Faro will have 3 spearman then. That's okay. Let's adjust: from Faro, send 2 archers to Badajoz. Leave 1 spearman.

Similarly, from Evora, we send 2 spearman, 1 archer to Faro. That includes slow troops, so it might take 2 turns. We could send only the archer from Evora to Faro? But we want to send troops to Faro to replace what we sent. Let's send from Evora: 1 archer to Faro (medium, 1 turn). Leave the 2 spearman at Evora? But we are building 2 archers at Evora next turn, so Evora will have 2 spearman + 2 archers next turn. That's fine. Actually, we want to consolidate. Let's rethink the southern movements.

Our goal for the south: We want to attack Toledo and Sevilha. We need troops at Badajoz and Faro. Currently:
- Badajoz has 2 archers. We are building 1 knight there (next turn). We want to send reinforcements to Badajoz so that next turn we can attack Toledo or Sevilha.
- Faro has 1 spearman, 2 archers. We are building 2 spearman there (next turn). We want to use Faro as a staging ground for Sevilha.

We can send troops from Evora and Santarem and Lisboa to these southern villages. But travel times might be long. Let's check the road distances from our interior villages to Badajoz and Faro.

From Lisboa to Badajoz: Lisboa -> Santarem -> Badajoz. Or Lisboa -> Evora -> Faro -> Badajoz. The shortest is probably via Santarem. From Lisboa to Santarem: 1 hop. Santarem to Badajoz: 1 hop. So 2 hops. Travel time? We don't have exact, but we can estimate from Santarem to Salamanca (2 slow) which is Santarem -> Badajoz -> Salamanca? Or Santarem -> Coimbra -> Salamanca. If Santarem to Salamanca is 2 slow, and that's 2 hops, then each hop might be 1 slow turn. So Lisboa to Badajoz might be 2 hops = 2 slow turns. So if we send slow troops, they take 2 turns. If we send medium, maybe 1 turn? Actually, the time is given in terms of the army's speed. If the distance is 2 slow units, then a medium army might take 1 turn? Because medium is faster. The report gives times for each speed. For a given route, the time for medium is often less than for slow. So if a route is "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast", that means the distance is such that slow takes 2, medium takes 1, fast takes 1. So if we send medium troops, it takes 1 turn. So if we send archers (medium) from Lisboa to Badajoz, they might take 1 turn if the route is similar. But we don't know the exact numbers for that route.

To simplify, we can just send troops and not worry too much about exact arrival times, as long as they are moving in the right direction. The game will handle the travel.

Let's decide on a simpler set of movements that we are more confident about.

We are confident about:
- Salamanca to Madrid: 1 turn (any speed, since it's 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast)
- Porto to Vigo: 1 turn
- Coimbra to Salamanca: 1 turn for medium (since 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast, so medium takes 1 turn)
- Badajoz to Salamanca: 1 turn for medium (2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast)
- Faro to Badajoz: we don't know. Let's check Faro's report: "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So to Salamanca, it's 2 medium turns. That means the distance from Faro to Salamanca takes 2 turns for medium. Since Badajoz is between Faro and Salamanca? Actually, road: Faro - Badajoz - Salamanca. So Faro to Badajoz is part of that journey. If the whole journey takes 2 medium turns, then Faro to Badajoz might take 1 medium turn, and Badajoz to Salamanca takes 1 medium turn? But Badajoz to Salamanca is given as 1 medium turn (from Badajoz's report: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast). So that matches: Faro to Badajoz = 1 medium turn, Badajoz to Salamanca = 1 medium turn, total 2 medium turns. So from Faro to Badajoz, if we send medium troops, it takes 1 turn. If we send slow, it takes 2 turns (since Faro to Salamanca is 2 slow, so Faro to Badajoz is probably 1 slow turn? Actually, if total is 2 slow, and Badajoz to Salamanca is 2 slow, then Faro to Badajoz would be 0 slow, which is impossible. So the slow time doesn't simply add. The slow time from Faro to Salamanca is 2, and from Badajoz to Salamanca is 2. That means both take 2 slow turns to reach Salamanca. That suggests that the route from Faro to Salamanca does not go through Badajoz? But the road network shows Faro connected to Badajoz. The only way to get to Salamanca from Faro is via Badajoz (Faro - Badajoz - Salamanca) or via Evora - Lisboa - Santarem - Coimbra - Salamanca, which is much longer. So it must go through Badajoz. So why is the slow time the same? Perhaps the slow time is not additive because the game rounds or uses a different metric. Anyway, we can look at the medium time: Faro to Salamanca: 2 medium. Badajoz to Salamanca: 1 medium. So Faro to Badajoz must be 1 medium. So if we send medium troops from Faro to Badajoz, they take 1 turn. If we send slow, it might take 2 turns. So to ensure quick reinforcement, we should send only medium troops from Faro to Badajoz. So send the 2 archers, leave the spearman. Or we can send the spearman with the archers, but then the army is slow and might take 2 turns. Since we want Badajoz reinforced quickly for a possible attack next turn, let's send only the 2 archers from Faro to Badajoz.

Similarly, from Evora to Faro: Evora connects to Faro directly. We don't have the travel time from Evora to Faro. But we can infer from Evora to Salamanca: "3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns". That's to Salamanca. The route from Evora to Salamanca likely goes Evora - Faro - Badajoz - Salamanca. So Evora to Faro is one leg. If the total medium time is 2, and Faro to Salamanca is 2 medium? Wait, Faro to Salamanca is 2 medium. So Evora to Faro would be 0 medium? That can't be. So maybe the route from Evora to Salamanca is not via Faro? Let's check the road: Evora connects to Lisboa and Faro. To get to Salamanca, the shortest path is Evora - Faro - Badajoz - Salamanca (3 hops) or Evora - Lisboa - Santarem - Coimbra - Salamanca (4 hops). So it should be 3 hops. The medium time is 2. So each hop is not necessarily 1 turn. The game might calculate total distance. We can't easily deduce the time for a specific hop.

Given the complexity, we can just send troops and accept the travel times. The game will resolve it. We don't need to know exactly when they arrive; we just need to issue valid orders.

Let's simplify the movements to focus on what we know and what is most important.

We want to:
- Attack Madrid and Vigo.
- Reinforce Salamanca.
- Start gathering troops for the south.

Let's do the following movements:

1. Salamanca -> Madrid: 3 archers
2. Porto -> Vigo: 3 knights
3. Coimbra -> Salamanca: 2 knights, 2 archers (reinforce)
4. Badajoz -> Salamanca: 2 archers (reinforce)
5. Faro -> Badajoz: 2 archers (reinforce, leave 1 spearman)
6. Santarem -> Coimbra: 2 spearman (reinforce)
7. Lisboa -> Coimbra: 2 spearman (reinforce)
8. Evora -> Faro: 1 archer (reinforce, leave 2 spearman) - or send 2 spearman and 1 archer? Let's send 1 archer to keep it fast. But we want to send as many as possible. Since we don't know the travel time, let's just send the archer. The spearman can stay and build.

But we also need to consider that we are building troops at these villages. If we send all available troops away, the village will have 0 troops until the new builds arrive. That's fine because they are interior and safe. But we might want to leave some troops for defense if they are on a border. Badajoz is not an enemy border, but it is a border to neutral villages. If those neutral villages are conquered by the enemy, they could become borders. But for now, it's safe.

Let's check each village's border status:
- Lisboa: interior, safe.
- Santarem: interior, safe.
- Evora: interior, safe.
- Coimbra: interior, safe.
- Badajoz: interior (no enemy border), but borders neutral Toledo and Sevilha. Safe for now.
- Faro: interior, safe.
- Porto: interior? It says "INTERIOR (no enemy border)" for Porto? Actually, check the report: Porto is listed under "YOUR VILLAGES" and says "INTERIOR (no enemy border)". Yes, Porto is interior. It borders Vigo (neutral) and Burgos (unexplored). So safe.
- Salamanca: BORDER with Madrid (enemy). So it's a border village. We need to leave some troops there. We are leaving 1 archer and receiving reinforcements. So it will have troops.

So we can safely send all available troops from interior villages.

Let's adjust movements to send all available from interior villages to the front or to staging areas.

We want to build up Coimbra as our main staging ground. So sending troops from Lisboa, Santarem, Evora to Coimbra makes sense. But Coimbra is already sending troops to Salamanca. We might want to send some troops from Coimbra to the south as well. But for now, let's focus on the north.

What about sending troops to the south? We have Badajoz and Faro. We can send troops from Evora and Lisboa to Faro and Badajoz. But the travel times might be long. Alternatively, we can send them to Coimbra, and then from Coimbra to Badajoz next turn. Coimbra to Badajoz? Road: Coimbra -> Santarem -> Badajoz. Or Coimbra -> Salamanca -> Badajoz. That might be faster.

Given the time, let's just send the troops we have to the nearest front. We'll send Evora's troops to Faro, Santarem's to Coimbra, Lisboa's to Coimbra. That seems reasonable.

Now, let's write the final JSON.

We need to make sure the "plan" and "statement" are within the character limits? The instruction says: "2 to 6 lines (anything past 600 characters is cut off)" for plan. So we should keep it under 600 characters. Statement: "2 to 4 lines".

Let's write them concisely.

Plan: "Capture Madrid and Vigo this turn. Then push to Toledo and Sevilha from the south, and advance north from Madrid. Keep building troops at all villages and reinforce Coimbra as the central staging point. Mix archers and knights to counter enemy types."

Statement: "We launch attacks on Madrid and Vigo, using archers and knights to break the enemy. Reinforcements flow to the borders, and our villages build troops for the next phase. The kingdom expands."

Now, let's construct the JSON.

We need to use the exact village IDs and troop types.

Builds:
[
  {"villageId": 0, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 1, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 2, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 3, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 4, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 5, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
]

Movements:
[
  {"fromId": 7, "toId": 12, "troops": {"archer": 3}},
  {"fromId": 6, "toId": 10, "troops": {"knight": 3}},
  {"fromId": 3, "toId": 7, "troops": {"knight": 2, "archer": 2}},
  {"fromId": 4, "toId": 7, "troops": {"archer": 2}},
  {"fromId": 5, "toId": 4, "troops": {"archer": 2}},
  {"fromId": 1, "toId": 3, "troops": {"spearman": 2}},
  {"fromId": 0, "toId": 3, "troops": {"spearman": 2}},
  {"fromId": 2, "toId": 5, "troops": {"archer": 1}}
]

Wait, from Faro (5) to Badajoz (4) we send 2 archers. That's fine.
From Evora (2) to Faro (5) we send 1 archer. That leaves 2 spearman at Evora. But we are building 2 archers at Evora next turn, so Evora will have 2 spearman, 2 archers. That's okay.

But we also have the option to send the 2 spearman from Evora to somewhere. They could go to Faro as well, but that would make the army slow. Let's leave them for now.

Now, check if we need to send any troops to hold Madrid or Vigo after capture. As discussed, the surviving troops from the attack will stay there. So we don't need to send separate garrisons this turn.

One more thing: we have an ongoing march from Lisboa to Coimbra: 3 spearmen, 3 archers. That was ordered last turn. We don't need to repeat it. Similarly, from Badajoz to Coimbra: 1 spearman. Those are already in progress.

Now, let's review the total troops we are sending to Salamanca: from Coimbra (2 knights, 2 archers) + from Badajoz (2 archers) = 2 knights, 4 archers. Plus the 1 archer left at Salamanca. So Salamanca will have 1 + 4 = 5 archers, 2 knights. That's a strong garrison.

After the attack on Madrid, Salamanca sends 3 archers. They will fight and likely lose some. The survivors will be at Madrid. So Salamanca's garrison after the attack but before reinforcements? The attack and reinforcement happen in the same turn? The orders are simultaneous. The troops we send from Salamanca to Madrid leave at the start of the turn. The reinforcements from Coimbra and Badajoz to Salamanca also leave at the start of the turn and arrive at the end of the turn. So during the turn, Salamanca's garrison for defense purposes (if attacked) is the troops that stayed (1 archer). The reinforcements arrive at the end of the turn, so they are not present during the enemy's turn if the enemy attacks? Actually, the turn sequence: we give orders, then all movements and combat happen. The enemy gives orders based on the initial snapshot. Then all moves occur, including arrivals. Then combat is resolved. If the enemy ordered an attack on Salamanca, they would attack the garrison that was there at the start of the turn? Or the garrison after arrivals? The rules: "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." So the enemy's attack is planned based on the initial state. But when does the attack resolve? The enemy's army marches and arrives at Salamanca. If we send reinforcements to Salamanca, they might arrive before or after the enemy army? The rules: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". If the enemy attacks Salamanca, their army will march to Salamanca. Our reinforcements from Coimbra to Salamanca are also marching. Who arrives first? The travel times might differ. If the enemy has a shorter travel time, they might arrive before our reinforcements. But the rules don't specify the order of arrival for different armies. Typically, all moves are simultaneous, and then battles happen. If both an enemy army and our reinforcement arrive at Salamanca on the same turn, do they fight? The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." That applies to attacking the same target. For defense, the garrison is whatever is in the village at the time of battle. If our reinforcements arrive before the enemy attack, they would add to the defense. But since everything is simultaneous, it's ambiguous. In many such games, all arrivals happen at the end of the turn, and then any attacks that turn are resolved against the new garrison? Or against the old? The report from last turn: "Your reinforcement (2 spearmen, 2 archers, 2 knights) arrived at [3] Coimbra" and "You attacked [6] Porto: VICTORY". It doesn't specify if the reinforcement arrived before or after the attack. Since Coimbra was not attacked, it doesn't matter. We need to be careful.

Given the uncertainty, it's generally safe to leave enough troops to defend against a possible attack from the initial garrison size. Since the enemy only has 2 archers in Madrid, even if they attack Salamanca, they would face at least the 1 archer we left, plus any arriving reinforcements if they arrive in time. But we don't know. To be safe, we could leave 2 archers at Salamanca instead of 1, and send only 2 archers from Coimbra? But we want to attack Madrid with 3 archers to ensure victory. If we send 2 archers, we lose the attack. So we need to send 3. We could send 4? We only have 4. If we send all 4, we leave 0. That's risky. So we leave 1.

Alternatively, we could send a knight from Coimbra to Salamanca to arrive quickly and help defend. But we are sending 2 knights anyway. They will arrive at the end of the turn. If the enemy attacks, they might fight the 1 archer first and lose, then our knights arrive and might retake it? But that's complicated.

I think it's unlikely the enemy will attack Salamanca this turn because they are defending Madrid. They might have ordered to attack something else or reinforce. We can't control that. We'll proceed with our plan.

Now, let's finalize the JSON.

We need to ensure the JSON is valid. We'll write it in a compact form.

Let's double-check the troop types: "spearman", "archer", "knight". The report uses "spearman" consistently. In the available troops, it says "spearman". In the build costs, it says "spearman". So we use "spearman".

In the movements, we have "troops": {"spearman": n, "archer": n, "knight": n}. We can omit types with 0.

Now, write the JSON.

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 3, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 4, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 5, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 7, "toId": 12, "troops": {"archer": 3}},
    {"fromId": 6, "toId": 10, "troops": {"knight": 3}},
    {"fromId": 3, "toId": 7, "troops": {"knight": 2, "archer": 2}},
    {"fromId": 4, "toId": 7, "troops": {"archer": 2}},
    {"fromId": 5, "toId": 4, "troops": {"archer": 2}},
    {"fromId": 1, "toId": 3, "troops": {"spearman": 2}},
    {"fromId": 0, "toId": 3, "troops": {"spearman": 2}},
    {"fromId": 2, "toId": 5, "troops": {"archer": 1}}
  ],
  "plan": "Capture Madrid and Vigo this turn. Then push to Toledo and Sevilha from the south, and advance north from Madrid. Keep building troops at all villages and reinforce Coimbra as the central staging point. Mix archers and knights to counter enemy types.",
  "statement": "We launch attacks on Madrid and Vigo, using archers and knights to break the enemy. Reinforcements flow to the borders, and our villages build troops for the next phase. The kingdom expands."
}

Check character count for plan: "Capture Madrid and Vigo this turn. Then push to Toledo and Sevilha from the south, and advance north from Madrid. Keep building troops at all villages and reinforce Coimbra as the central staging point. Mix archers and knights to counter enemy types." That's about 250 characters, well under 600.

Statement: "We launch attacks on Madrid and Vigo, using archers and knights to break the enemy. Reinforcements flow to the borders, and our villages build troops for the next phase. The kingdom expands." That's 2 lines? It's one sentence per line. We can make it two lines by splitting. The instruction says "2 to 4 lines". We can write it as two sentences, each on a new line? Actually, the JSON string can contain newlines. But it's not necessary. We can just write it as a single string with periods. The instruction says "2 to 4 lines telling the audience what you did THIS turn." So we should format it with line breaks? Probably not required, but we can use \n. However, in JSON, newlines are represented as \n. To keep it simple, we'll write it as a single paragraph with 2-4 sentences. That should be fine.

Let's review the movements: fromId 2 to 5 with 1 archer. That's Evora to Faro. We have 1 archer available at Evora. We send it. That's fine.

Now, is there any movement we missed? We have Santarem to Coimbra (2 spearman). Lisboa to Coimbra (2 spearman). Those are good.

What about the already marching troops? They are not in the movements list because they were ordered last turn. We don't need to repeat them.

Now, let's think about the enemy's possible actions. They might have troops in Barcelona or other unexplored villages. We haven't seen them. Our plan should include exploring. We can send a army from Madrid after we capture it to explore north. But for now, we don't have Madrid yet.

We should also consider that we need to eventually attack Barcelona. But we can do that later.

One potential issue: We are sending all available troops from many villages, leaving them with 0 troops until new builds arrive. If the enemy attacks those villages, they will fall. But as we said, they are interior and not bordering enemy. The only border village is Salamanca. We left 1 archer there. Is that enough? If the enemy attacks with 2 archers, they would face 1 archer (defense 2.5) and win. But then our reinforcements arrive and might retake it? The rules: if a village is captured, it becomes enemy. Our reinforcements would then attack it? That would be messy. So we should ensure Salamanca has enough defense to hold against a possible attack from Madrid's 2 archers. As calculated, 1 archer gives defense 2.5, enemy attack 4, so they win. So we need to leave at least 2 archers at Salamanca to have defense 5, which beats their attack 4. But if we leave 2 archers, we can only send 2 archers to Madrid, which gives attack 4 vs defense 5, we lose the attack. So we cannot both hold Salamanca and attack Madrid with the current troops. We need to either:
- Send more troops to Salamanca from elsewhere before the attack, but they would have to arrive before the attack. Since attacks and movements are simultaneous, we can't reinforce before the attack unless the reinforcements have a shorter travel time than the attack? Actually, the attack from Salamanca to Madrid takes 1 turn. The reinforcements from Coimbra to Salamanca also take 1 turn. So they arrive at the same time. But the attack from Salamanca happens when the army reaches Madrid. The reinforcements arrive at Salamanca at the end of the turn. So the sequence might be: Salamanca army leaves, arrives at Madrid, fights. Coimbra army leaves, arrives at Salamanca. If the enemy attacks Salamanca, their army leaves Madrid, arrives at Salamanca. All these happen at the end of the turn. The order of resolution might matter. Typically, all moves are simultaneous, and then battles are resolved. If multiple armies target the same village, they might fight each other? The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This applies to attacking the same target. For defense, the garrison is whatever is in the village at the time of the battle. If our reinforcements arrive at Salamanca at the same time as the enemy army, do they fight? The rule says armies that meet on a road fight. But if they arrive at a village, the village is the target. The enemy army is attacking the village. Our reinforcements are arriving at the village. Do they fight the enemy army? The rules don't specify exactly. In many games, the reinforcements would join the defense. But the rule "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up" suggests that if we send reinforcements to a village that is also being attacked, they might not add to the defense? Actually, that rule is about attacking: if you send troops from different villages to attack the same target, they fight separately. For defense, the garrison is the troops that are in the village. If we send reinforcements, they become part of the garrison upon arrival. If the enemy attacks, they would face the total garrison. But if the enemy attack and our reinforcement arrive on the same turn, which happens first? The game might resolve all arrivals first, then attacks? Or attacks first? We don't know.

To be safe, we should not rely on reinforcements to save a village that we leave too weak. We should leave enough troops in a border village to defend against the most likely attack. The most likely attack from Madrid is their 2 archers. Their attack power is 4. Our defense needs to be at least 5 to win (since tie favors defender, but 4 vs 5 is loss for attacker). So we need effective defense >= 5. With 1 archer, defense is 2.5 -> probably 2 or 3? Actually, effective defense is calculated as (sum of defense of troops) * location bonus. Archer defense 2. 1 archer = 2. Village bonus x1.25 = 2.5. The report shows integers, so maybe it rounds down? Salamanca with 4 archers: 4*2=8 *1.25=10. So it's exact. With 1 archer: 2 *1.25 = 2.5, likely 2 or 3? If it's 2, then enemy attack 4 wins. If it's 3, 4 vs 3 still wins. So 1 archer is not enough.

What if we leave 2 archers? 2*2=4 *1.25=5. Enemy attack 4 vs 5, they lose. So we need to leave at least 2 archers.

But we only have 4 archers at Salamanca. If we leave 2, we can send 2 to Madrid. 2 archers attack = 4 vs Madrid defense 5, we lose. So we cannot take Madrid with 2 archers.

We need to either:
- Send a different mix from Salamanca. For example, if we had a knight, we could send 1 knight and 1 archer? But we have no knights at Salamanca.
- Send reinforcements to Salamanca that arrive before the attack? Not possible if they take 1 turn.
- Attack Madrid from Coimbra instead, which takes 2 turns, while leaving Salamanca's 4 archers to defend. Then next turn, we can attack Madrid from Salamanca with the full force, or from Coimbra.

Let's consider delaying the attack on Madrid. If we don't attack Madrid this turn, we can use Salamanca's 4 archers to defend, and we can send reinforcements from Coimbra to Salamanca to make it even stronger. Then next turn, we can attack Madrid with a larger force that includes knights from Coimbra. That might be more prudent.

But we also want to capture Vigo this turn. We can still attack Vigo from Porto.

What about attacking Madrid from Coimbra? We can send an army from Coimbra to Madrid. They will take 2 turns to arrive. We can send 2 knights and some archers. That gives us time to reinforce Salamanca.

Let's rethink the plan for this turn:

Option A: Attack Madrid from Salamanca with 3 archers, leave 1. Risk Salamanca falling if attacked.
Option B: Do not attack Madrid this turn. Instead, reinforce Salamanca heavily and attack Madrid next turn with a combined force.

Given that we don't know the enemy's moves, and we want to capture Madrid quickly to eliminate an enemy village, Option A might still work if the enemy doesn't attack. But it's risky. However, the enemy might not attack because they are defending Madrid. They might have ordered to build troops in Madrid or move elsewhere. We can't know.

Let's look at the enemy's garrison in Madrid: 2 archers. They might be building more. If we attack now, we might catch them with few troops. If we wait, they might build more. So there's an advantage to attacking now.

Also, if we leave 1 archer at Salamanca, and the enemy attacks, they win and capture Salamanca. Then we lose a village and the enemy gets a foothold. That would be bad. But would the enemy attack? They would have to move their 2 archers from Madrid to Salamanca. That would leave Madrid empty. If they do that, we might retake Madrid easily? But they might not.

We need to consider the counter play. The enemy might have other troops. We only see Madrid. They might have troops in Barcelona that could move to Madrid. We don't know.

Given the uncertainty, a cautious approach is to not leave border villages vulnerable. We should maintain a strong defense at Salamanca while attacking. To do that, we can send a small attack force to Madrid, but not so large that it leaves Salamanca weak. But we need enough to win. If we can't win with the troops we can spare, we should delay the attack and bring in more troops.

Let's calculate the minimum force needed to capture Madrid. Madrid has 2 archers, defense 5. We need an attack value > 5. With archers, attack 2 each. So we need at least 3 archers (attack 6) to win. With knights, attack 4 each, we need 2 knights (attack 8) to win, and with counter bonus (knight vs archer) it's even stronger. So if we can get 2 knights to Madrid, we can take it. We have 2 knights at Coimbra. If we send them from Coimbra to Madrid, they take 2 turns. During those 2 turns, Salamanca can keep its 4 archers. Then on the turn the knights arrive, they attack Madrid. Meanwhile, we can also send archers from Salamanca to attack Madrid on the same turn? But they would fight separately. If we send both, they might fight in sequence? The rule: "each send fights alone, one at a time." If they arrive on different turns, they fight on their arrival turn. If they arrive on the same turn, they fight one at a time, but the order might matter. If we send knights from Coimbra and archers from Salamanca, and both arrive on the same turn, the first one might fight and win, capturing the village, and then the second one would arrive at a friendly village? Actually, if the first one wins, the village becomes ours. The second one would then arrive at our own village and not fight? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". If the village is already ours when the second army arrives, it would not stop; it would continue? Or it would stop and join the garrison? The rule says: "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So if we time it so that the first attack captures Madrid, then the second army would be traveling to Madrid, which is now ours, so it would join the garrison. That could work. But we need to ensure the first attack succeeds. If we send knights first, they might arrive on turn 10, and archers on turn 9? Actually, from Salamanca to Madrid is 1 turn. From Coimbra to Madrid is 2 turns. So if we send both this turn (turn 8), the Salamanca archers arrive on turn 9, the Coimbra knights arrive on turn 10. So they don't arrive on the same turn. The archers would attack on turn 9. If they win, they capture Madrid. Then on turn 10, the knights arrive at Madrid (now ours) and join the garrison. That could work. But on turn 9, the Salamanca archers attack Madrid. At that time, Salamanca's garrison would be whatever we left. If we send 3 archers, we leave 1. That 1 archer is vulnerable on turn 9 if the enemy attacks on turn 9. But the enemy's orders for turn 9 are written based on the snapshot at the end of turn 8? Actually, the enemy writes orders each turn based on the current state. So at the start of turn 9, they see Salamanca with 1 archer (if we sent 3). They might attack then. So the risk remains.

If we send all 4 archers from Salamanca to Madrid on turn 8, they arrive on turn 9 and attack. Salamanca has 0. On turn 9, the enemy might attack Salamanca if they see it empty? But they write orders based on turn 8's snapshot, which shows 4 archers. So they wouldn't attack Salamanca on turn 9 because they think it has 4. On turn 10, they see it has 0 and might attack then. By turn 10, our reinforcements from Coimbra (2 knights, 2 archers) would have arrived at Salamanca on turn 9? Wait, Coimbra to Salamanca takes 1 turn. If we send them on turn 8, they arrive on turn 9. So on turn 9, Salamanca gets reinforced. So by turn 10, Salamanca has troops. So if we send all 4 archers from Salamanca on turn 8, they leave on turn 8, arrive at Madrid on turn 9 and attack. Salamanca is empty during turn 8's movement? But the enemy's turn 8 orders are already written. They might have ordered an attack on Salamanca for turn 8? But turn 8 is the current turn. We are writing orders for turn 8. The enemy is also writing orders for turn 8 based on the snapshot that shows Salamanca with 4 archers. So they won't attack Salamanca on turn 8 because they see 4 archers. On turn 9, they will write orders based on the snapshot at the end of turn 8, which will show Salamanca with whatever troops are left after turn 8 movements. If we send all 4 archers away and our reinforcements haven't arrived yet? Actually, reinforcements from Coimbra to Salamanca take 1 turn. If we send them on turn 8, they arrive on turn 9. So at the end of turn 8, Salamanca will have 0 troops (since the archers left, and reinforcements are still marching). The snapshot for turn 9 orders will show Salamanca with 0 troops. Then the enemy could attack Salamanca on turn 9 with their Madrid garrison. That would be bad. So we need to ensure that at the end of turn 8, Salamanca has enough troops to deter attack on turn 9. If we leave 1 archer, the snapshot shows 1 archer. The enemy might think they can win with 2 archers? 2 archers attack 4 vs 1 archer defense 2.5, they win. So they might attack on turn 9. So we need to leave at least 2 archers to make the snapshot show a defense that can beat their attack. If we leave 2 archers, defense 5, they would see that and likely not attack. But then we can only send 2 archers to Madrid, which is not enough to win on turn 9. So we would need to send additional troops from Coimbra to Madrid to arrive on turn 9 or later. But Coimbra to Madrid takes 2 turns, so they would arrive on turn 10. So on turn 9, the Salamanca archers attack alone and lose. That's no good.

What if we send a mixed force from Coimbra to Madrid that includes knights, and we send them such that they arrive on turn 9? Coimbra to Madrid takes 2 turns if we send on turn 8, they arrive on turn 10. To arrive on turn 9, we would need to send them on turn 7, which we didn't. So we can't have them arrive on turn 9.

Thus, the soonest we can attack Madrid with a force that includes knights from Coimbra is turn 10. On turn 9, we could send a weak attack to draw the enemy out? Not useful.

Maybe we should not attack Madrid at all this turn. Instead, we should focus on reinforcing Salamanca and building up troops. Then next turn, we can launch a strong attack from both Salamanca and Coimbra simultaneously, or just from Coimbra with enough troops to take it quickly.

Let's consider the state of Madrid. It has 2 archers. If we don't attack, the enemy might build more troops there. They have resources? Madrid is an enemy village. It produces resources. They might build troops. So waiting might make Madrid stronger.

But we also have the option to attack from Badajoz? Badajoz to Madrid? Road: Badajoz -> Salamanca -> Madrid? Or Badajoz -> Toledo -> Madrid? Actually, Madrid connects to Toledo and Salamanca. So from Badajoz, we could go via Toledo to Madrid. But Toledo is neutral. We would have to go through Toledo, which means we would have to fight Toledo first. That might not be desirable.

Another idea: We can send a large army from Coimbra to Salamanca to reinforce, and keep Salamanca's archers there. Then from Salamanca, we can attack Madrid next turn with a force that includes the archers and any new arrivals. But we need to have enough to leave a defense. If we reinforce Salamanca, we can then send some of its troops to attack while leaving enough to defend.

Let's plan for next turn (turn 9). By the end of turn 8, Salamanca will have: whatever we leave + reinforcements from Coimbra and Badajoz. If we leave all 4 archers at Salamanca this turn, and send reinforcements from Coimbra (2 knights, 2 archers) and from Badajoz (2 archers), then at the end of turn 8, Salamanca will have 4 archers + 2 knights + 2 archers + 2 archers = 4 knights? No, 2 knights, 8 archers. That's a huge garrison. Then on turn 9, we can send a large army from Salamanca to Madrid, leaving enough to defend. For example, send 6 archers and 1 knight to Madrid. Attack: 6 archers (12) + 1 knight (4) = 16. With knight as most numerous? Actually, if we send 6 archers and 1 knight, most numerous is archer, so no counter bonus. But 16 attack vs 5 defense, we win easily. We can leave 2 archers and 1 knight at Salamanca for defense. That would work.

So the plan for turn 8: Do not attack Madrid. Instead, reinforce Salamanca heavily. Also attack Vigo from Porto (since Porto is not a border village? Actually, Porto is interior, so we can send its troops away without weakening a border. We can send 3 knights to Vigo. Leave 3 spearman at Porto. Porto is interior, so no enemy can attack it easily. So we can do that.

Also, we can start building troops and sending them to the south.

Let's adjust the movements:

- Remove the attack on Madrid from Salamanca.
- Keep Salamanca's 4 archers at Salamanca.
- Send reinforcements to Salamanca from Coimbra and Badajoz as before.
- Attack Vigo from Porto with 3 knights.
- Continue other movements to reinforce Coimbra and the south.

Now, Salamanca will have a strong garrison. Next turn, we can attack Madrid.

But wait: if we don't attack Madrid this turn, what is the enemy doing? They might be building or moving. We can't stop them. But we will be stronger next turn.

Let's check the resources: we need to build troops. Our builds are the same.

Now, movements for turn 8:

1. Porto (6) -> Vigo (10): 3 knights (attack)
2. Coimbra (3) -> Salamanca (7): 2 knights, 2 archers (reinforce)
3. Badajoz (4) -> Salamanca (7): 2 archers (reinforce)
4. Faro (5) -> Badajoz (4): 2 archers (reinforce)
5. Santarem (1) -> Coimbra (3): 2 spearman (reinforce)
6. Lisboa (0) -> Coimbra (3): 2 spearman (reinforce)
7. Evora (2) -> Faro (5): 1 archer (reinforce)

We leave Salamanca's 4 archers in place. So Salamanca will have 4 archers + arriving reinforcements.

Now, we need to consider if we should send any troops to Madrid as a probing attack? No.

What about the south? We are sending Faro's archers to Badajoz, and Evora's archer to Faro. That starts building up the south.

Next turn (turn 9), we can:
- Attack Madrid from Salamanca with a large force.
- Attack Toledo from Badajoz (if we have enough).
- Continue building.

This seems more cautious and sustainable.

Let's verify the travel times for the reinforcements to Salamanca:
- Coimbra to Salamanca: 1 turn for medium (we send 2 knights, 2 archers -> slowest medium, so 1 turn). Arrive turn 9.
- Badajoz to Salamanca: 1 turn for medium (2 archers). Arrive turn 9.
So they arrive at the end of turn 8, ready for turn 9.

Now, what about the enemy attacking Salamanca on turn 8? They write orders based on turn 8 snapshot, which shows Salamanca with 4 archers. They might not attack because they see 4 archers. If they do attack with 2 archers, they lose. So Salamanca is safe.

On turn 9, the snapshot at the end of turn 8 will show Salamanca with 4 archers + 2 knights + 2 archers + 2 archers = 2 knights, 8 archers. That's very strong. The enemy will likely not attack. So we can safely send a large force from Salamanca to Madrid on turn 9, leaving a defense of, say, 2 knights and 2 archers. That defense is strong.

So this plan is much better.

Let's update the plan and statement accordingly.

Plan: "This turn, we reinforce Salamanca heavily while attacking Vigo with our knights. We build troops across our villages and send reinforcements to the south. Next turn, we will launch a major attack on Madrid from Salamanca, and begin pushing into Toledo and Sevilha."

Statement: "We focus on strengthening our borders this turn. Knights strike Vigo, while archers and knights flow into Salamanca. Our villages produce troops for the coming offensives."

Now, let's write the JSON with the updated movements.

Builds: same as before.

Movements:
[
  {"fromId": 6, "toId": 10, "troops": {"knight": 3}},
  {"fromId": 3, "toId": 7, "troops": {"knight": 2, "archer": 2}},
  {"fromId": 4, "toId": 7, "troops": {"archer": 2}},
  {"fromId": 5, "toId": 4, "trops": {"archer": 2}},
  {"fromId": 1, "toId": 3, "troops": {"spearman": 2}},
  {"fromId": 0, "toId": 3, "troops": {"spearman": 2}},
  {"fromId": 2, "toId": 5, "troops": {"archer": 1}}
]

Wait, we need to correct the typo: "trops" -> "troops".

Also, we are not sending any attack from Salamanca. So we remove the Salamanca -> Madrid movement.

Now, check if we have any other attacks. We could attack Toledo from Badajoz? We don't have enough troops there yet. We are sending Faro's archers to Badajoz. By the end of turn 8, Badajoz will have: 2 archers (original) + 2 archers (from Faro) = 4 archers. Plus we are building 1 knight there (arrives turn 9). So on turn 9, Badajoz will have 4 archers, 1 knight. That might be enough to attack Toledo? Toledo has 4 spearmen, defense 10. To attack Toledo, we need to counter spearmen with archers. If we send 4 archers, attack = 8, with counter bonus (archer vs spearman) 1.5x = 12. Defense 10, we win. So on turn 9, we could attack Toledo from Badajoz with 4 archers, leaving the knight for defense. That would be good. So we can plan that.

Similarly, Sevilha from Faro: Faro will have at the end of turn 8: 1 spearman (left) + 1 archer (from Evora) + 2 spearman (building, arrive turn 9) = 1 spearman, 1 archer, 2 spearman? Actually, building arrives next turn. So on turn 9, Faro will have: 1 spearman (original left? Wait, we sent 2 archers from Faro to Badajoz, leaving 1 spearman. Then from Evora we send 1 archer, arriving turn 9? Evora to Faro travel time? If it's 1 turn, they arrive turn 9. So on turn 9, Faro will have: 1 spearman + 1 archer (from Evora) + 2 spearman (building) = 3 spearman, 1 archer. Not enough to attack Sevilha (4 archers, defense 10). We need more. So we might need to send more reinforcements to Faro.

But we can adjust later.

For now, let's finalize turn 8 orders.

One more thing: we have the option to send the 3 spearman from Porto to Vigo along with the knights? But we decided to send only knights for better counter. Leave spearman at Porto.

What about the 3 spearmen and 3 archers from Lisboa that are arriving at Coimbra this turn? They are already on the way. They will arrive at Coimbra at the end of turn 8. So Coimbra will have those plus what we leave. We are sending from Coimbra: 2 knights, 2 archers. Coimbra initially has 4 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight. So left: 4 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight. Arriving: 3 spearmen, 3 archers (from Lisboa), 1 spearman (from Badajoz), plus our new reinforcements: 2 spearman (Santarem), 2 spearman (Lisboa). So total Coimbra at end of turn 8: spearman: 4 + 3 + 1 + 2 + 2 = 12; archer: 1 + 3 = 4; knight: 0. That's a lot of spearman. We might want to send some of those spearman to the south or to Salamanca next turn. But for now, it's okay.

Now, let's write the final JSON.

We need to ensure the "plan" and "statement" are updated.

Plan: "Reinforce Salamanca with knights and archers while our knights take Vigo. Build troops everywhere and send reinforcements to the south. Next turn, attack Madrid from Salamanca and Toledo from Badajoz."

Statement: "This turn we strengthen our borders. Knights overwhelm Vigo, and archers and knights pour into Salamanca. Our villages produce troops for the next offensives."

Let's check the character count for the new plan: "Reinforce Salamanca with knights and archers while our knights take Vigo. Build troops everywhere and send reinforcements to the south. Next turn, attack Madrid from Salamanca and Toledo from Badajoz." That's about 180 characters. Good.

Now, write the JSON.

We'll use the following builds and movements.

Builds:
[{"villageId":0,"type":"knight","quantity":1},
 {"villageId":1,"type":"archer","quantity":2},
 {"villageId":2,"type":"archer","quantity":2},
 {"villageId":3,"type":"knight","quantity":1},
 {"villageId":4,"type":"knight","quantity":1},
 {"villageId":5,"type":"spearman","quantity":2}]

Movements:
[{"fromId":6,"toId":10,"troops":{"knight":3}},
 {"fromId":3,"toId":7,"troops":{"knight":2,"archer":2}},
 {"fromId":4,"toId":7,"troops":{"archer":2}},
 {"fromId":5,"toId":4,"troops":{"archer":2}},
 {"fromId":1,"toId":3,"troops":{"spearman":2}},
 {"fromId":0,"toId":3,"troops":{"spearman":2}},
 {"fromId":2,"toId":5,"troops":{"archer":1}}]

Double-check the fromId and toId:
- 6 to 10: Porto to Vigo. OK.
- 3 to 7: Coimbra to Salamanca. OK.
- 4 to 7: Badajoz to Salamanca. OK.
- 5 to 4: Faro to Badajoz. OK.
- 1 to 3: Santarem to Coimbra. OK.
- 0 to 3: Lisboa to Coimbra. OK.
- 2 to 5: Evora to Faro. OK.

All valid.

Now, let's consider if we should send any troops to hold Vigo after capture. The 3 knights will attack Vigo. They will win, but take losses. The survivors will be at Vigo. So Vigo will have some knights. That's fine.

What about the enemy's reaction? They might attack our newly captured villages? But we haven't captured anything new yet except Vigo (which is neutral, not enemy). So no new border.

We are leaving Salamanca with 4 archers, which is strong. Badajoz with 0 initially, but getting reinforcements. Faro with 1 spearman, getting reinforcements. Coimbra with many spearman. All interior, safe.

This seems solid.

Let's output the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":6,"destinoId":10,"tropas":{"cavaleiro":3}},{"origemId":3,"destinoId":7,"tropas":{"cavaleiro":2,"arqueiro":2}},{"origemId":4,"destinoId":7,"tropas":{"arqueiro":2}},{"origemId":5,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"arqueiro":2}},{"origemId":1,"destinoId":3,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2}},{"origemId":0,"destinoId":3,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2}},{"origemId":2,"destinoId":5,"tropas":{"arqueiro":1}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [3]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO envio [6]->[10]: 3K (alvo neutra arqueiro)
ACEITO envio [3]->[7]: 2A+2K
ACEITO envio [4]->[7]: 2A
ACEITO envio [5]->[4]: 2A
ACEITO envio [1]->[3]: 2S
ACEITO envio [0]->[3]: 2S
ACEITO envio [2]->[5]: 1A
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Reinforce Salamanca with knights and archers while our knights take Vigo. Build troops everywhere and send reinforcements to the south. Next turn, attack Madrid from Salamanca and Toledo from Badajoz.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): This turn we strengthen our borders. Knights overwhelm Vigo, and archers and knights pour into Salamanca. Our villages produce troops for the next offensives.
########## TURNO 8 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3512 | resposta 17634 | raciocinio 15549 | finish stop | ms 184109
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 12, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 17, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 4, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 17, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 17, \"toId\": 19, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"This turn we focus on capturing Teruel with 4 archers from Zaragoza. We also send 2 archers to Madrid and 4 spearman to Pamplona to reinforce and prepare for future attacks. We build troops in Zaragoza, Valencia, Madrid, Tarragona, and Pamplona to replenish our forces. Next turn we will attack Burgos from Pamplona with 7 spearman, and we will consider attacking Murcia or Salamanca. Must not forget to move the spearman from Pamplona to Burgos once they are ready.\",\n  \"statement\": \"King B's armies advance! Archers from Zaragoza march to seize Teruel, while reinforcements strengthen Madrid and Pamplona. Our forges burn day and night, crafting spears and armor for the battles to come. The path to victory is paved with iron and wood.\"\n}"
raciocinio: We need to produce a JSON object with fields: build, movements, plan, statement.

We are King B, currently hold 9 villages. Goal: hold at least 18 of 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. We currently hold 9 of 24. The enemy capital is hardest, but not required.

We need to decide orders for this turn (Turn 8). We have 9 villages with some troops and resources. We need to consider building and movements.

We have no armies on march currently. Enemy also none sighted.

We need to interpret the state.

Our villages:
- Barcelona (22): 1/300 troops: 1 knight. Resources: wood 90, iron 70. Effective defense 3. Available to send: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight.
- Tarragona (21): 4/300 troops: 4 spearman? Actually says troops at home: 4 / 300, available: 3 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight. So total 4 troops: 3 spearman, 1 archer.
- Girona (23): 2/300: 2 spearman.
- Castellon (18): 2/300: 2 spearman.
- Zaragoza (17): 14/300: 4 spearman, 6 archer, 4 knight.
- Huesca (20): 2/300: 2 archer.
- Valencia (16): 4/300: 3 spearman, 1 archer.
- Madrid (12): 2/300: 2 archer.
- Pamplona (19): 2/300: 2 spearman.

Total troops at home: 33 soldiers (16 spearman, 12 archer, 5 knight). Wait sum: spearman: Barcelona 0, Tarragona 3, Girona 2, Castellon 2, Zaragoza 4, Huesca 0, Valencia 3, Madrid 0, Pamplona 2 = 14? Let's recount: Tarragona 3 spearman, Girona 2, Castellon 2, Zaragoza 4, Valencia 3, Pamplona 2 = 16? Actually 3+2+2+4+3+2 = 16 spearman. Archers: Tarragona 1, Zaragoza 6, Huesca 2, Valencia 1, Madrid 2 = 12 archer. Knights: Barcelona 1, Zaragoza 4 = 5 knight. So total 16+12+5=33. Good.

Resources: each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. They have some stockpiles.

We need to decide builds and movements.

We need to expand to reach 18 villages. Currently 9. Need to capture neutral or enemy villages.

Neutral villages we can see: Teruel (13), Murcia (15), Burgos (14), Toledo (8). Also enemy village Salamanca (7). Also unexplored ones.

We need to consider attacks. We can send troops from our villages to attack neutral or enemy villages. Travel times: need to consider road network.

We need to plan to capture villages. Since we need 18 for 2 consecutive turns, we need to capture at least 9 more villages. But we also need to hold them. The enemy may attack back.

We need to consider the enemy's possible actions. They are simultaneous, but we don't know their orders.

We should try to capture neutral villages to increase our count. Also maybe attack enemy village Salamanca (7) to reduce enemy.

But we must be careful not to lose our own villages.

We have limited troops. We need to build more troops to have enough to attack.

We can build troops in our villages. Each village can build up to 300 troops, but currently have small numbers. We need to consider resources and build times (1 turn). So we can build this turn and they will be ready next turn.

We need to decide which villages to build what.

We need to consider the counter triangle: spearman counters knight, archer counters spearman, knight counters archer. But for attacking neutral villages, they have garrisons: Teruel 4 spearmen, Murcia 4 archers, Burgos 4 knights, Toledo 4 spearmen. Also Salamanca 4 archers (enemy).

We need to choose appropriate troops to counter their defense.

But also we need to consider effective defense values: each has effective defense 10 (including location bonus). That is the defense value we need to beat.

Attack rules: When attacking, our troops count their ATTACK; defender counts DEFENSE. Counter triangle multiplies force by 1.5 if we have the counter. The most numerous type sets the counter matchup.

We need to calculate effective force to see if we can win.

We can send troops from multiple villages, but they fight separately (each send fights alone). So we need each attack to be strong enough to defeat the garrison.

We also need to consider travel time: troops will arrive after some turns, and the defense may increase (neutral villages harden every 5 turns). Currently they are at 10 effective defense. They were 8 five turns ago, so they will increase by +1 every 5 turns. Since it's turn 8, next increase at turn 10? Actually "every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type." So at turn 5, turn 10, etc. So at turn 8, they are still at same as turn 5? They were 8 at turn 3? Actually report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 10 (was 8, 5 turns ago)". So 5 turns ago it was 8, now 10. So they increased by 2? Or maybe it's +1 per 5 turns, but maybe it's +1 troop, which increases defense by some amount. But we can ignore for now.

We need to plan attacks.

We have many spearman, archers, knights. We can build more.

We should consider building troops in villages with high resources and capacity.

Zaragoza has 14 troops, wood 90, iron 70. It can build more. It has 4 knights, 6 archers, 4 spearman. It can build any.

We need to decide which villages to attack.

Road network:

Our villages and connections:

Madrid (12) connects to Salamanca (7 enemy), Toledo (8 neutral), Burgos (14 neutral), Zaragoza (17). So from Madrid we can attack Salamanca, Toledo, Burgos.

From Valencia (16) connects to Teruel (13 neutral), Murcia (15 neutral), Castellon (18). So can attack Teruel, Murcia.

From Zaragoza (17) connects to Madrid (12), Teruel (13), Pamplona (19), Huesca (20), Tarragona (21). So can attack Teruel.

From Pamplona (19) connects to Burgos (14), Zaragoza (17), Huesca (20). So can attack Burgos.

From Huesca (20) connects to Zaragoza (17), Pamplona (19), Girona (23). No direct neutral.

From Tarragona (21) connects to Zaragoza (17), Castellon (18), Barcelona (22). No neutral.

From Barcelona (22) connects to Tarragona (21), Girona (23). No neutral.

From Girona (23) connects to Huesca (20), Barcelona (22). No neutral.

From Castellon (18) connects to Teruel (13), Valencia (16), Tarragona (21). So can attack Teruel.

So possible attacks:

- From Madrid: attack Salamanca (7), Toledo (8), Burgos (14). Travel times: Madrid to Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn (so 1 turn for fast). Madrid to Toledo: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Madrid to Burgos: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

- From Valencia: attack Teruel (13) or Murcia (15). Both 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

- From Zaragoza: attack Teruel (13): 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns? Actually Zaragoza to Teruel: road? Zaragoza [17] connects to [13] Teruel? Yes, road network: [13] Teruel: [8], [16], [17], [18]. So from Zaragoza to Teruel is direct. Travel time? Not given, but likely 1 turn? We need to estimate. The report gives march distances from our villages to nearest border village, but not to all. We can assume similar.

- From Pamplona: attack Burgos (14): [19] Pamplona connects to [14] Burgos. Travel time? Not given, but likely 1 or 2 turns.

- From Castellon: attack Teruel (13): [18] Castellon connects to [13] Teruel. Travel time? Not given.

We need to decide which to attack first.

We have limited troops. We need to ensure we can defeat the garrison.

Let's compute attack power for each type:

Spearman: attack 1, defense 2.
Archer: attack 2, defense 2.
Knight: attack 4, defense 2.

When attacking, we use attack values. Defender uses defense values (with location bonus already included). Effective defense of neutral villages is 10. That is the defense value we need to overcome.

We need to calculate our effective force.

If we send a mix, the most numerous type sets the counter matchup. If we send all spearman, they counter knights, but the defenders are not knights? Actually the defender's troops are of some type. The counter triangle applies to our attack vs their defense? The rule: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5. The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."

So when attacking, our army's most numerous type determines if we have counter bonus against the defender's most numerous type? Or is it based on our army vs their army? The rule says "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup". So we need to know the defender's troop composition. For neutral villages, they have garrison of specific type: Teruel 4 spearmen, Murcia 4 archers, Burgos 4 knights, Toledo 4 spearmen. Salamanca 4 archers.

So if we attack Teruel (4 spearmen), their most numerous type is spearman. To counter spearman, we need archer (since archer counters spearman). So if we send archers as most numerous, we get 1.5 multiplier.

If we attack Murcia (4 archers), we need knight to counter archer.

If we attack Burgos (4 knights), we need spearman to counter knight.

If we attack Toledo (4 spearmen), need archers.

Salamanca (4 archers), need knights.

So we should tailor our attack force to have the counter.

But we also need enough raw attack power to overcome defense 10.

Let's calculate effective force formula: Our effective attack = (sum of attack values of our troops) * (1.5 if counter, else 1). Defender's effective defense = given value (10). The side with higher effective force wins. Tie favors defender.

We need to compute our total attack.

If we send a stack of all archers: each archer attack 2. To beat defense 10, we need total attack > 10. With counter bonus (if we counter spearman), effective attack = 2 * N * 1.5 = 3N. Need 3N > 10 => N >= 4 (since 3*4=12 >10). So 4 archers would beat Teruel (spearmen) with counter.

If we send all spearman against knights: spearman attack 1, counter bonus 1.5 => 1.5N. Need >10 => N >= 7 (1.5*7=10.5). So 7 spearman could beat Burgos.

If we send knights against archers: knight attack 4, counter bonus 1.5 => 6N. Need >10 => N >= 2 (6*2=12). So 2 knights could beat Murcia or Salamanca.

But we also need to consider that the defender may have multiple types? They have only one type (4 of same). So our most numerous type will be that type.

We also need to consider that we might send a mix, but the most numerous type sets the counter. So we can send a few of other types as long as they are not more numerous.

We also need to consider that we can send multiple waves from different villages, but they fight separately. So we need each wave to be strong enough.

We have limited troops. We have 16 spearman, 12 archers, 5 knights total at home. We can also build new troops this turn.

We need to decide which villages to attack. We should probably attack multiple neutral villages to increase our count. But we need to be careful not to overextend and lose them.

We also need to consider that the enemy may attack our villages. We need to maintain defense. Our villages have some garrison. We can leave troops to defend.

We need to plan builds to reinforce our villages.

Let's list our villages and their current garrison and resources:

1. Barcelona (22): 1 knight. Wood 90, iron 70. Can build? It has 1 knight, but can build more. Resources: 90 wood, 70 iron. It can build spearman (15 wood), archer (20 wood+10 iron), knight (30 wood+30 iron). It can build up to capacity. But it's far from front.

2. Tarragona (21): 3 spearman, 1 archer. Wood 90, iron 90. Can build.

3. Girona (23): 2 spearman. Wood 90, iron 90.

4. Castellon (18): 2 spearman. Wood 90, iron 100.

5. Zaragoza (17): 4 spearman, 6 archer, 4 knight. Wood 90, iron 70. This is our strongest.

6. Huesca (20): 2 archer. Wood 90, iron 70.

7. Valencia (16): 3 spearman, 1 archer. Wood 90, iron 60.

8. Madrid (12): 2 archer. Wood 60, iron 40. Border village.

9. Pamplona (19): 2 spearman. Wood 90, iron 80.

We need to decide builds and movements.

We should aim to capture at least 2-3 villages this turn to progress towards 18.

But we need to consider travel times. If we send troops now, they will arrive in 1 or 2 turns. During that time, the enemy may also move.

We have no intelligence on enemy movements.

We should try to capture neutral villages that are close and easy.

Potential targets:

- Teruel (13): 4 spearmen, defense 10. Can be attacked from Valencia, Zaragoza, Castellon. Travel 1 turn (fast). We can send archers from Valencia or Zaragoza. Valencia has 1 archer, but we can build more. Zaragoza has 6 archers. We could send 4 archers from Zaragoza to Teruel. That would require 4 archers. Zaragoza has 6 archers, so we can send 4, leaving 2. But we need to consider if we want to use them.

- Murcia (15): 4 archers, defense 10. Attack from Valencia. Need knights. We have few knights: 1 in Barcelona, 4 in Zaragoza. We could send 2 knights from Zaragoza to Murcia. Travel 1 turn. That would be effective.

- Burgos (14): 4 knights, defense 10. Attack from Madrid or Pamplona. Need spearman. We have many spearman. Could send 7 spearman from somewhere. But travel from Madrid: 1 turn. From Pamplona: maybe 1 turn.

- Toledo (8): 4 spearmen, defense 10. Attack from Madrid. Need archers. Madrid has 2 archers, but we could send more from elsewhere or build.

- Salamanca (7): 4 archers, enemy. Attack from Madrid. Need knights. We have knights in Zaragoza (4) and Barcelona (1). Could send 2 knights.

We also need to consider that capturing a village adds it to our holdings, but we need to hold it. The garrison will be whatever we leave. We can leave some troops to defend.

We should also consider building new troops to increase our army.

We need to decide on a strategy.

Given we need 18 villages, we need to capture 9 more. There are 10 neutral/enemy villages we can see: 4 neutral, 1 enemy. Plus 10 unexplored. So total 24 villages. We have 9, enemy has at least 1 (Salamanca) plus capital and others. We need to eliminate enemy villages or hold 18.

Perhaps we should focus on capturing neutral villages to increase our count, while defending our own.

But we also need to consider that the enemy may attack our villages. We should reinforce our border villages.

Madrid is a border village with Salamanca. It has only 2 archers. We should reinforce it.

We can send troops from interior villages to Madrid.

Also, we can build troops in Madrid to defend.

Let's think about builds.

We can build troops in any village. We should build troops that are useful for attack and defense.

We need to consider resource constraints.

Each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. They also have stockpiles.

We can build multiple troops per turn if we have resources.

We need to specify build orders: villageId, type, quantity.

We can build spearman (15 wood), archer (20 wood, 10 iron), knight (30 wood, 30 iron).

We should build troops that we need for attacks.

Let's decide on a plan.

Plan: Capture Teruel and Murcia this turn, and maybe Burgos or Toledo.

But we need to have enough troops.

We can send from Valencia to Teruel and Murcia. Valencia is close to both. But Valencia has limited troops: 3 spearman, 1 archer. We can build more there.

We can also send from Zaragoza to Teruel.

We can send from Madrid to Burgos or Toledo.

We need to coordinate.

Let's consider sending an attack force to Teruel (spearmen) using archers. We can send 4 archers from Zaragoza to Teruel. Zaragoza has 6 archers, so we can send 4, leaving 2. But we need to consider if Zaragoza needs archers for defense. Zaragoza is interior, no enemy border currently. So it's safe.

We can also send from Valencia to Murcia using knights. We need knights. We have 4 knights in Zaragoza. We could send 2 knights from Zaragoza to Murcia. But Zaragoza to Murcia is not direct? Road: Zaragoza [17] connects to [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona. Not directly to Murcia. To get to Murcia, we need to go through Valencia? Actually Murcia [15] connects to [11] Cordoba, [16] Valencia. So to attack Murcia, we must start from Valencia or Cordoba. So we need to send knights from somewhere to Valencia first? No, we can send troops from any of our villages to any other village, but they march along roads and will stop at the first non-owned village. So if we send knights from Zaragoza to Murcia, they would have to go through Valencia? Let's check road: Zaragoza to Valencia: Zaragoza [17] connects to [16] Valencia? Road network: [16] Valencia: [13], [15], [18]. [17] Zaragoza: [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]. So Zaragoza does not connect directly to Valencia. They connect via Teruel [13]? [13] Teruel connects to [16] Valencia and [17] Zaragoza. So to go from Zaragoza to Valencia, you'd go Zaragoza -> Teruel -> Valencia. But Teruel is neutral, so if we send troops from Zaragoza to Valencia, they would stop at Teruel and fight there. So we cannot send troops from Zaragoza to Murcia directly without first capturing Teruel. So we need to plan accordingly.

Thus, to attack Murcia, we need to send troops from Valencia (or from a village connected to Valencia that is ours). Valencia is ours. So we can send troops from Valencia to Murcia. But we need knights in Valencia. Valencia currently has 3 spearman, 1 archer. We could build knights in Valencia, but that takes resources and time. Or we could send knights from another village to Valencia, but they would have to travel and might fight on the way. If we send knights from Zaragoza to Valencia, they'd go through Teruel, which is neutral, so they'd stop and attack Teruel. That might be okay if we want to attack Teruel anyway. But then they might not reach Valencia.

Alternatively, we could send knights from Barcelona to Valencia? Barcelona to Valencia: Barcelona [22] -> Tarragona [21] -> Castellon [18] -> Valencia [16]? Road: [21] Tarragona connects to [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [22] Barcelona. [18] Castellon connects to [13] Teruel, [16] Valencia, [21] Tarragona. So Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Castellon -> Valencia. All are ours, so they would pass through our villages and join the garrison. So we could send knights from Barcelona to Valencia to reinforce, then from Valencia to Murcia. But that would take many turns.

We need to think about the timing. We want to capture villages quickly.

Maybe we should focus on attacking Teruel first, as it is a gateway to the south.

Let's consider the map: Our territory is in the northeast. Enemy is in the west (Salamanca). Neutral villages are scattered.

We have Madrid as a border village. From Madrid, we can attack Salamanca (enemy), Toledo (neutral), Burgos (neutral). Those are close.

We could attack Toledo and Burgos from Madrid.

We have archers in Madrid (2). To attack Toledo (spearmen), we need archers. We can send more archers from Zaragoza to Madrid? Zaragoza to Madrid is direct and fast (1 turn). So we can send archers from Zaragoza to Madrid, then from Madrid to Toledo. But if we send them to Madrid, they will join Madrid's garrison. Then next turn we can order them to attack Toledo. Or we could order them directly from Zaragoza to Toledo? Zaragoza to Toledo: Zaragoza [17] -> Madrid [12] -> Toledo [8]? Road: [12] Madrid connects to [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza. So to go from Zaragoza to Toledo, you must go through Madrid. Since Madrid is ours, they would pass through and continue to Toledo? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination. You cannot march past an enemy or neutral village to hit one behind it." Since Madrid is ours, they would not stop there; they would continue to Toledo. But they would pass through Madrid, which is ours, so they can go to Toledo. However, the travel time would be Zaragoza -> Madrid (1 turn) + Madrid -> Toledo (2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns) = total maybe 2 fast turns? Actually we need to check the march distance from Zaragoza to Toledo. Not given. But we can assume it's the sum.

But we can also send them from Zaragoza directly to Toledo, and they will march via Madrid. That's allowed.

So we could send a stack of archers from Zaragoza to Toledo. They would take some turns.

But we need to consider that we might want to attack multiple targets simultaneously.

Let's prioritize.

We need to increase our village count. We have 9. We need 18. So we need 9 more. There are 4 neutral visible, 1 enemy visible, 10 unexplored. So we need to capture many.

We should try to capture as many as possible this turn and next.

But we must be realistic: we have only 33 troops. We need to build more.

We should focus on building troops in our villages, especially those near the front.

Let's decide on builds:

We can build spearman, archer, knight in any village.

We need to consider which villages to send attacks from.

Let's list possible attacks with current troops:

1. Attack Teruel (13) with archers. We can send from Valencia: 1 archer (not enough). From Zaragoza: 6 archers. We can send 4 archers from Zaragoza to Teruel. They will arrive in 1 fast turn? Zaragoza to Teruel: road direct? [17] Zaragoza connects to [13] Teruel. So travel time likely 1 turn (fast). So we can send 4 archers from Zaragoza to Teruel. That would leave 2 archers in Zaragoza. We also have other troops in Zaragoza: 4 spearman, 4 knights. We could send some spearman too, but if we send a mix, the most numerous type sets counter. If we send 4 archers and some spearman, archers are most numerous, so we get counter vs spearman (since Teruel has spearmen). That's good. But we need to ensure our total attack > 10. 4 archers with counter: effective attack = 4*2*1.5 = 12 > 10. So we can win. We could also send 4 archers alone.

But we might want to send more to ensure victory and reduce losses. The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So we will suffer some losses. We need to calculate losses. The effective defense is 10. Our effective attack is 12. The difference is 2. Attrition is based on the loser's effective force. We'll lose some troops. Probably we'll lose some archers. We can compute: The loser's effective force is 10. The winner takes losses equal to the loser's effective force divided by something? The rule says: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." It doesn't specify exact formula. But we can assume we'll lose some troops. So sending more might reduce percentage loss.

But we have limited troops. We need to be careful.

2. Attack Murcia (15) with knights. We need knights in Valencia. Valencia has no knights. We could build knights in Valencia. Valencia has wood 90, iron 60. It can build knights (30 wood, 30 iron). It can build 2 knights this turn (since 60 iron, each needs 30 iron, so 2 knights max? Actually iron 60, each knight 30 iron, so 2 knights. Wood 90, 2 knights need 60 wood, so okay. So we can build 2 knights in Valencia this turn. Then next turn we can send them to Murcia. Or we could send them this turn? Build takes 1 turn, so they would be ready next turn. So we can order build now, and next turn send.

But we could also send knights from Zaragoza to Valencia? As discussed, they'd have to go through Teruel, which is neutral, so they'd stop there. Not good.

Alternatively, we could attack Murcia from somewhere else? Only Valencia connects to Murcia directly. So we need to have troops in Valencia.

3. Attack Burgos (14) with spearman. We need spearman. We have many spearman. We can send from Madrid or Pamplona. Madrid has 0 spearman currently. Pamplona has 2 spearman. We could send more from Zaragoza or elsewhere. Zaragoza has 4 spearman. We could send 7 spearman to Burgos. But we need to gather them. We can send from Pamplona (2) and Zaragoza (4) and maybe others. But they would have to march to Burgos. Pamplona to Burgos: direct? [19] Pamplona connects to [14] Burgos. So travel time likely 1 turn. Zaragoza to Burgos: Zaragoza -> Madrid -> Burgos? Or Zaragoza -> Pamplona -> Burgos? Road: [17] Zaragoza connects to [12] Madrid and [19] Pamplona. [14] Burgos connects to [10] Vigo, [12] Madrid, [19] Pamplona. So from Zaragoza to Burgos, you can go via Madrid or via Pamplona. Both are ours. So we can send from Zaragoza to Burgos via Madrid or Pamplona. Travel time: Zaragoza to Madrid 1 turn, Madrid to Burgos 1 turn, total 2 turns? Or Zaragoza to Pamplona 1 turn, Pamplona to Burgos 1 turn, total 2 turns. So it would take 2 turns. We could send from Madrid if we move troops there.

4. Attack Toledo (8) with archers. We can send from Madrid (2 archers) or Zaragoza. Madrid to Toledo: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So 1 fast turn? Actually "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means if you have fast troops, it takes 1 turn? Wait, the notation: "march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns" means the time in turns for each speed type. So for Madrid to Toledo: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. That means if you send only fast troops (knights), it takes 1 turn; if medium (archers), 1 turn? Actually it says 1 medium turn, so archers would take 1 turn? But archers are medium speed. So 1 medium turn means 1 turn? Usually "1 medium turn" means it takes 1 turn for medium troops. So archers would take 1 turn. But wait, it says "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That suggests that for slow troops it takes 2 turns, for medium 1 turn, for fast 1 turn. So both medium and fast take 1 turn? That seems odd. Maybe it's the number of turns for each type, so if you mix, the slowest determines the time. So if you send only archers, it takes 1 turn. If you send only knights, also 1 turn. So it's 1 turn for any single-speed army? But then why list different numbers? Perhaps it's the number of turns for that speed type to travel that distance. So a fast army would take 1 turn, medium 1 turn, slow 2 turns. So effectively, the distance is such that slow troops take 2 turns, others 1. So we can consider travel time in turns for the slowest troop in the stack.

So for attacks, we need to consider arrival time.

We need to decide which attacks to order this turn.

We can order movements now. They will execute simultaneously with enemy orders.

We should try to capture at least one village this turn. But since travel takes time, we might not see results until next turn.

We can order attacks that will arrive next turn.

Let's consider sending an attack to Teruel from Zaragoza. That seems good: 4 archers from Zaragoza to Teruel. They will arrive in 1 turn (since both medium and fast? Actually archers are medium, so 1 turn). We need to check the march distance from Zaragoza to Teruel. The report doesn't give it directly, but since they are connected, we can assume it's similar to other 1-turn marches. We can estimate 1 turn.

We can also send an attack to Burgos from Pamplona. Pamplona has 2 spearman. We need 7 spearman to beat Burgos (with counter). We can send the 2 from Pamplona, but we need more. We could send spearman from Zaragoza to Pamplona to reinforce, then from Pamplona to Burgos. But that would take multiple turns.

Alternatively, we could attack Burgos from Madrid. Madrid has no spearman. We could send spearman from Zaragoza to Madrid, then from Madrid to Burgos. But again multiple turns.

Maybe we should focus on easier targets first.

Teruel is easy: 4 archers from Zaragoza.

Murcia: we can build knights in Valencia this turn, then next turn send them. But we could also send some troops from Valencia to Murcia this turn? Valencia has 3 spearman, 1 archer. Against Murcia's 4 archers, we need knights. Spearman and archer are not effective. If we send 3 spearman and 1 archer, our most numerous is spearman (3). Spearman vs archers: does spearman counter archer? No, knight counters archer. Spearman is weak against archers? The counter triangle: spearman counters knight, archer counters spearman, knight counters archer. So against archers, spearman does not counter; in fact, archer counters spearman? Wait, archer counters spearman. So if we attack archers with spearman, the defender has the counter bonus? The rule says: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't say that being countered is bad; it's just a bonus for the one who has the counter. So if we attack archers with spearman, we do not get the counter bonus (since spearman does not counter archer). The defender (archers) might get a counter bonus if they are attacking, but they are defending. The rule says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It applies to the attacker? Or to whichever side has the counter? It says "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle... Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So it seems the counter bonus applies to the side that has the counter, regardless of attack/defense? Actually it says "your force" when you attack. But it might also apply when defending? The rule is ambiguous. Typically in such games, the counter bonus applies to the attacking force if they have the counter. But it says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't specify only attacker. However, the context: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle... Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So it seems the counter is evaluated for the attacker: if the attacker's most numerous type counters the defender's most numerous type, the attacker gets 1.5x. If the defender's most numerous type counters the attacker's most numerous type, does the defender get a bonus? The rule doesn't say. It only says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It might be that only the attacker can get the counter bonus. But then what if the defender has the counter? The rule says "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup". So it's a matchup between the two armies. If the attacker's most numerous type counters the defender's, attacker gets 1.5x. If the defender's most numerous type counters the attacker's, perhaps defender gets 1.5x? But the rule says "your force" when you attack. It might be that the counter bonus only applies to the attacker. Let's read carefully: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5. The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." It doesn't specify attacker or defender. It says "your force" in the context of attack. But it might be that whenever you have the counter in a battle, your force is multiplied. Since the attacker is the one whose force is being multiplied (they use attack values), it's likely that the attacker gets the bonus if they have the counter. If the defender has the counter, maybe they get a defense multiplier? The rule says "Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle". So defense already has a location bonus. The counter might be an additional bonus for the attacker if they have the counter. I think it's safe to assume that the attacker gets the 1.5x if their most numerous type counters the defender's most numerous type. If the defender's type counters the attacker's, no bonus for attacker, and maybe defender gets something? But the rule doesn't mention defender getting counter bonus. So likely only attacker gets counter bonus if they have it. This is typical: you want to attack with the counter.

So when attacking, we should aim to have our most numerous type counter the defender's most numerous type.

When defending, we don't get counter bonus.

So for attacks, we need to choose troops accordingly.

Now, back to planning.

We should send an attack to Teruel with archers. We can send 4 archers from Zaragoza. They will arrive next turn and win.

We should also consider building more troops to follow up.

We can build troops in Zaragoza to replenish after losses. Zaragoza has resources: wood 90, iron 70. It can build archers (20 wood, 10 iron). It can build up to 3 archers? Actually iron 70, each archer 10 iron, so 7 archers possible, but wood limits: 90 wood, each 20 wood, so 4 archers max. So we can build 4 archers this turn. But we need to consider that we are sending 4 archers, so we might want to build more to replace them.

We can also build spearman or knights.

Let's decide on builds for this turn.

We need to specify build orders for our villages.

We can build in multiple villages.

We should also consider reinforcing Madrid, as it's a border. Madrid has 2 archers. We could send more archers from Zaragoza to Madrid to defend against Salamanca. But Salamanca is enemy, they might attack Madrid. We should reinforce.

We can send archers from Zaragoza to Madrid. They will arrive in 1 turn (fast). Zaragoza to Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So 1 turn for archers. So we can send some archers to Madrid.

We also need to consider that we might want to attack Salamanca. Salamanca has 4 archers, defense 10. To attack, we need knights. We have knights in Zaragoza (4) and Barcelona (1). We could send knights from Zaragoza to Madrid, then to Salamanca. But that would take time.

Maybe we should focus on neutral villages first to increase our count.

Let's set a plan for this turn:

- Build troops in Zaragoza: build 4 archers (to replace those we send). Also maybe build 2 knights? Zaragoza has 4 knights already. We could build more knights for future attacks.

- Build troops in Valencia: build 2 knights for Murcia.

- Send 4 archers from Zaragoza to Teruel (attack).

- Send 2 archers from Zaragoza to Madrid (reinforce). Or send more.

- Maybe send some spearman from Pamplona to Burgos? But we need 7. We could send 2 from Pamplona, but not enough to win. So maybe we should wait.

- We could also send an attack to Toledo from Madrid. Madrid has 2 archers. We could send them to Toledo. But 2 archers vs 4 spearmen: effective attack = 2*2=4 (no counter, since archers counter spearmen? Wait, archers counter spearmen. So if we attack spearmen with archers, we get counter bonus! Yes, archer counters spearman. So if we send archers against Toledo's spearmen, we get 1.5x. So 2 archers with counter: effective attack = 2*2*1.5 = 6. Not enough to beat defense 10. We need at least 4 archers. So Madrid's 2 archers are not enough. We could send more from Zaragoza to Madrid, then to Toledo. But that would take time.

So maybe we should just focus on Teruel and Murcia.

Let's calculate resources for builds.

We need to specify build orders. Each village can build multiple troops.

We should build in Zaragoza: it has wood 90, iron 70. We can build:
- 4 archers: cost 20 wood, 10 iron each => 80 wood, 40 iron. Leaves 10 wood, 30 iron.
- We could also build 1 knight: cost 30 wood, 30 iron. Leaves -20 wood? Not enough wood. So only 4 archers possible if we use all wood? Actually 4 archers cost 80 wood, leaving 10 wood. We could build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) and then maybe 1 knight? 3 archers + 1 knight = 60+30=90 wood, 30+30=60 iron. That uses 90 wood, 60 iron. Leaves 0 wood, 10 iron. That's possible. Or 2 archers + 2 knights? 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) + 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) = 100 wood > 90, not possible. So max knights with some archers.

We need to decide what to build. We need archers to replace those sent to Teruel. We also need knights for future attacks on archer villages (Murcia, Salamanca). So building knights is useful.

We could build 3 archers and 1 knight in Zaragoza. That uses 90 wood, 60 iron.

But we also might want to build spearman. Spearman cost 15 wood, 0 iron. We could build many spearman. But we have many already.

Let's consider our overall troop needs. We need to capture 9 more villages. We should aim to have a balanced army.

We can also build in other villages.

Valencia: wood 90, iron 60. We can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and have 30 wood left. Or build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and some archers? Archers need iron, but we have 60 iron. 2 knights use all iron. So 2 knights is good.

We can build in Madrid: wood 60, iron 40. It can build archers (20 wood, 10 iron). It could build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) leaving 20 wood, 20 iron. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 30 wood, 10 iron. But Madrid is border, we might want to defend. Currently it has 2 archers. Building more archers or spearman could help defense.

We can build in other interior villages to increase our army.

But we need to be careful not to overcommit.

Let's decide on a simple plan for this turn:

Builds:
- Zaragoza: build 4 archers (to replace sent) and maybe 1 knight? But wood limit. Let's do 3 archers and 1 knight.
- Valencia: build 2 knights.
- Madrid: build 2 archers (to reinforce defense).
- Maybe Tarragona: build some spearman? It has 90 wood, 90 iron. Could build spearman (15 wood) or archers. But it's interior.

Movements:
- Send 4 archers from Zaragoza to Teruel (attack).
- Send 2 archers from Zaragoza to Madrid (reinforce). But we already have Madrid building 2 archers, so maybe we don't need to send. We could send from Zaragoza to Madrid to have more. But we need to consider that Zaragoza's archers are going to Teruel. We can send some to Madrid instead. But we need enough for Teruel. We need at least 4 archers for Teruel. Zaragoza currently has 6 archers. If we send 4 to Teruel, we have 2 left. We could send those 2 to Madrid. That would leave Zaragoza with 0 archers. Then we build 3 archers, so next turn it will have 3. That's okay.

Alternatively, we could send 4 archers from Zaragoza to Teruel, and send 2 archers from Zaragoza to Madrid. That uses all 6. Then we build 3 archers in Zaragoza for next turn.

We also need to consider sending troops to other places.

Maybe we should also send an attack to Burgos. We can send spearman from Pamplona and Zaragoza. But we need to gather 7 spearman. We have 16 spearman total. We could send 7 from Zaragoza? Zaragoza has 4 spearman. We could send those 4 plus 3 from somewhere else. But they need to march to Burgos. We could send from Zaragoza to Burgos via Madrid. They would take 2 turns. We could order them now, they'd arrive in 2 turns.

But we might want to capture multiple villages per turn to speed up.

Let's think about the enemy. They may attack Madrid or other border villages. We should defend.

We can also consider attacking Salamanca to eliminate an enemy village. That would reduce enemy count. Salamanca has 4 archers, defense 10. We need knights. We have 4 knights in Zaragoza. We could send 2 knights to Salamanca? 2 knights with counter (knight counters archer) effective attack = 2*4*1.5 = 12 > 10. So 2 knights could win. But we need to get them to Salamanca. From Zaragoza to Salamanca: Zaragoza -> Madrid -> Salamanca. Madrid is ours, so they would pass through. Travel time: Zaragoza to Madrid 1 turn, Madrid to Salamanca 1 turn (fast). So total 2 turns. So if we send 2 knights now, they'll arrive in 2 turns. That could be good. But we need to consider that Salamanca is enemy; capturing it would give us a village and reduce enemy.

But we also need to hold it. We might need to leave troops there.

Let's weigh options.

We have limited troops. We should try to capture at least 2 villages this turn (Teruel and maybe Salamanca or Burgos). But we need to have enough troops.

We can also build troops this turn to send next turn.

Let's list all possible attacks and required troops:

- Teruel (13): 4 spearmen, defense 10. Need 4 archers (with counter) to win. Can send from Zaragoza (6 archers) or Valencia (1 archer) or Castellon (0). Zaragoza is best.

- Murcia (15): 4 archers, defense 10. Need 2 knights (with counter) to win. Can send from Valencia (0 knights currently, but can build 2 this turn for next turn). Or from Zaragoza (4 knights) but travel through Teruel? Actually Zaragoza to Murcia: must go through Teruel or Valencia? Road: Zaragoza -> Teruel -> Valencia -> Murcia. So if we send from Zaragoza, they'd stop at Teruel. So we need to capture Teruel first, then send through. So Murcia is dependent on Teruel.

- Burgos (14): 4 knights, defense 10. Need 7 spearman (with counter) to win. Can send from Pamplona (2 spearman), Zaragoza (4 spearman), others. We could gather 7 spearman and send from Pamplona or Madrid.

- Toledo (8): 4 spearmen, defense 10. Need 4 archers (with counter). Can send from Madrid (2 archers) or Zaragoza. Madrid to Toledo is 1 turn for archers? Actually 1 medium turn. So we could send 4 archers from Zaragoza to Toledo via Madrid. They would take 2 turns? Zaragoza -> Madrid (1 turn) -> Toledo (1 turn) = 2 turns. Or we could send from Madrid if we have 4 archers there.

- Salamanca (7): 4 archers, enemy, defense 10. Need 2 knights (with counter). Can send from Zaragoza (4 knights) via Madrid. 2 turns.

- Unexplored villages: we don't know their garrison.

We need to decide which to attack first.

Given our troop distribution, it makes sense to attack Teruel first because it opens the path to Murcia and also is close to our territory. We can use archers from Zaragoza.

We should also consider attacking Burgos or Toledo to expand west.

But we need to be efficient.

Let's consider a turn-by-turn plan.

Turn 8 (this turn): We order builds and movements.

We can send an attack to Teruel now. We can also send an attack to Burgos? We need 7 spearman. We have 16 spearman total, but they are spread out. We could send 4 from Zaragoza, 2 from Pamplona, and maybe 1 from somewhere else. But they need to converge on Burgos. They would fight separately if sent from different villages? The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So we cannot combine forces from different villages into one attack; each send fights independently. So to attack Burgos, we need a single send from one village that has enough troops. So we need to gather 7 spearman in one village before sending. That means we need to move spearman from other villages to that village, which takes time. So we cannot attack Burgos this turn unless we already have 7 spearman in one village. We don't. The most spearman in one village is Zaragoza with 4. So we cannot attack Burgos this turn.

Similarly, to attack Toledo, we need 4 archers in one village. Zaragoza has 6, so we could send 4 from Zaragoza to Toledo. But travel time is 2 turns. We could do that.

To attack Salamanca, we need 2 knights in one village. Zaragoza has 4 knights, so we could send 2 from Zaragoza to Salamanca. Travel 2 turns.

To attack Teruel, we need 4 archers in one village. Zaragoza has 6, so we can send 4 from Zaragoza to Teruel. Travel 1 turn.

So this turn we can realistically order attacks that start from villages with enough troops. We can also order movements to reinforce our villages or to move troops to a staging point for next turn.

We should also consider building troops to have more options.

Let's decide on this turn's orders:

Builds:
- Zaragoza: build 3 archers and 1 knight (as discussed). Or maybe 4 archers? Let's calculate: Zaragoza currently has 6 archers. If we send 4 to Teruel, we have 2 left. We want to rebuild. Building 4 archers would bring total to 6 again (if none lost in battle, but they will lose some). Actually when they attack Teruel, they will take losses. So we need to build more than 4 to have a surplus. But we have limited resources. Let's build 3 archers and 1 knight. That uses 90 wood, 60 iron. Leaves 0 wood, 10 iron. We can also build spearman? Spearman cost 15 wood, but we have 0 wood left. So no.

- Valencia: build 2 knights. Cost 60 wood, 60 iron. Valencia has 90 wood, 60 iron. Leaves 30 wood, 0 iron. Good.

- Madrid: build 2 archers. Cost 40 wood, 20 iron. Madrid has 60 wood, 40 iron. Leaves 20 wood, 20 iron. Or build 1 knight? But we need archers for defense probably.

- Tarragona: maybe build 4 spearman? It has 90 wood, 90 iron. Spearman cost 15 wood, 0 iron. So can build 6 spearman (90 wood). But we have many spearman already. Could build archers: 20 wood, 10 iron. Can build 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) leaving 10 wood, 50 iron. Or knights: 30 wood, 30 iron, can build 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron). We need to decide.

We should focus on building troops that we need for attacks. We need knights for Murcia and Salamanca, archers for Teruel and Toledo, spearman for Burgos.

We can build knights in Valencia (2) and maybe in Zaragoza (1). That gives us 3 new knights this turn. Next turn we can send them.

We can build archers in Zaragoza (3) and Madrid (2) to reinforce.

We can build spearman in Tarragona or other interior villages to have a reserve.

Let's also consider sending reinforcements to Madrid. We can send 2 archers from Zaragoza to Madrid. That would use 2 of the 6 archers. Then we have 4 left, which we can send to Teruel. So we can do both: send 2 to Madrid, 4 to Teruel. That uses all 6 archers in Zaragoza. Then we build 3 archers in Zaragoza for next turn.

We also might want to send some spearman to Pamplona to prepare for Burgos attack. Pamplona has 2 spearman. We could send 5 spearman from Zaragoza to Pamplona? Zaragoza has 4 spearman. We could send those 4 to Pamplona, then next turn we have 6 in Pamplona, still need 7. We could build spearman in Pamplona. Pamplona has 90 wood, 80 iron. It can build spearman (15 wood) up to 6. So we could build spearman there.

But we need to be systematic.

Let's write a plan.

Plan for this turn (Turn 8):

1. Build troops:
   - Zaragoza: build 3 archers, 1 knight.
   - Valencia: build 2 knights.
   - Madrid: build 2 archers.
   - Tarragona: build 4 spearman (to have a reserve).
   - Maybe Barcelona: build something? It has 1 knight, wood 90, iron 70. Could build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). But it's far.

2. Movements:
   - From Zaragoza to Teruel: send 4 archers (attack).
   - From Zaragoza to Madrid: send 2 archers (reinforce).
   - From Pamplona to Burgos? Not enough.
   - From Valencia to Murcia? Not yet.
   - Maybe from Zaragoza to Pamplona: send 4 spearman (to stage for Burgos). But they would take 1 turn to reach Pamplona. Then next turn we can send from Pamplona to Burgos. But we need 7 spearman in Pamplona. Pamplona currently has 2. If we send 4, total 6. Still need 1 more. We could build 1 in Pamplona. So next turn we could send 6? Still not 7. We need 7 to win with counter. So we need to get 7. We could send 4 from Zaragoza, leaving 0 there. Then build 1 in Pamplona to reach 7? Actually Pamplona starts with 2. After receiving 4, it has 6. If we build 1 more, it has 7. Then we can send 7 to Burgos. That would take 2 turns: this turn send 4, next turn build 1 and send 7. But we need to consider that the build takes 1 turn, so we would build this turn, they are ready next turn, then we can send next turn. So we could do: this turn build 1 spearman in Pamplona (cost 15 wood, it has 90 wood). Then next turn we have 2+1=3, plus 4 from Zaragoza = 7. But we need to send the 4 from Zaragoza this turn so they arrive next turn. Then next turn we can send all 7 from Pamplona to Burgos. That works.

But we also need to consider that Zaragoza's spearman are 4. If we send them to Pamplona, we lose them from Zaragoza. Zaragoza might need spearman for defense? It's interior, so probably okay.

We could also send spearman from other villages. Tarragona has 3 spearman. We could send those to Pamplona too, but they'd take longer.

Let's simplify. We'll focus on Teruel and preparing for Burgos and Murcia.

We need to write the JSON.

First, build orders: list of {villageId, type, quantity}.

We need to use village IDs: 22,21,23,18,17,20,16,12,19.

Let's decide builds:

- Zaragoza (17): build 3 archers, 1 knight.
- Valencia (16): build 2 knights.
- Madrid (12): build 2 archers.
- Tarragona (21): build 4 spearman.
- Pamplona (19): build 1 spearman.

Check resources:

Zaragoza: wood 90, iron 70. 3 archers: 60 wood, 30 iron. 1 knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. Total 90 wood, 60 iron. OK.

Valencia: wood 90, iron 60. 2 knights: 60 wood, 60 iron. OK.

Madrid: wood 60, iron 40. 2 archers: 40 wood, 20 iron. OK.

Tarragona: wood 90, iron 90. 4 spearman: 60 wood, 0 iron. OK.

Pamplona: wood 90, iron 80. 1 spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron. OK.

We could also build in other villages, but this is good.

Now movements:

We need to send troops from our villages to targets.

We have to specify fromId, toId, troops (spearman, archer, knight counts).

We want:

- From Zaragoza (17) to Teruel (13): send 4 archers. (attack)
- From Zaragoza (17) to Madrid (12): send 2 archers. (reinforce)
- From Zaragoza (17) to Pamplona (19): send 4 spearman. (stage for Burgos)

But wait, we can only send troops that are available at the village. Zaragoza currently has: 4 spearman, 6 archer, 4 knight. If we send 4 archers to Teruel, 2 archers to Madrid, that's 6 archers total, leaving 0 archers. We also send 4 spearman to Pamplona, leaving 0 spearman. We still have 4 knights, but we didn't send them. So that's fine.

But we need to check if we can send multiple orders from the same village. Yes, we can have multiple movements from the same village. The troops will march independently.

However, we need to consider that when we send troops to a village we own, they will join the garrison. When we send to an enemy/neutral, they will attack.

So from Zaragoza to Pamplona (ours): they will march and join Pamplona. Travel time: Zaragoza to Pamplona: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns? Actually report says: from Zaragoza to nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. But to Pamplona, it's not given. Looking at road network: [17] Zaragoza connects to [19] Pamplona directly. So likely 1 turn. We'll assume 1 turn for all speeds? Actually the notation "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means it takes 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast. So any army takes 1 turn. So we can send spearman (slow) and they'll take 1 turn.

From Zaragoza to Madrid: also 1 turn.

From Zaragoza to Teruel: direct, likely 1 turn.

So all these movements will take 1 turn. They will arrive next turn.

We also might want to send from Valencia to somewhere? Valencia has 3 spearman, 1 archer. We could send them to Teruel? But Teruel is being attacked by Zaragoza's archers. If we send from Valencia, they would fight separately. We could send them to reinforce Madrid? Or to Murcia? But we don't have knights yet.

Maybe we should send Valencia's troops to Murcia? But they are not knights, so they would lose. Better to keep them in Valencia for now.

We could send from Madrid to somewhere? Madrid has 2 archers. We could send them to Toledo? But 2 archers not enough. Or send them to Salamanca? Not enough. Better to keep them in Madrid to defend.

We could send from Pamplona to somewhere? Pamplona has 2 spearman. We could send them to Burgos? Not enough.

So our movements seem okay.

But we need to consider that we are sending 4 spearman from Zaragoza to Pamplona. That leaves Zaragoza with 0 spearman. Is that okay? Zaragoza is interior, no enemy border. So it's fine. But we might want to keep some spearman for defense if the enemy attacks. But the enemy is far.

We also need to consider that we are building 1 knight in Zaragoza, so next turn it will have 5 knights (4 original + 1 new). We didn't send any knights, so they stay.

Now, we also need to think about the enemy. They might attack Madrid. Madrid will have 2 archers originally, plus 2 built, plus 2 from Zaragoza = 6 archers next turn. That's a decent defense.

Let's calculate the effective defense of Madrid if attacked. Madrid is a village, so defense bonus x1.25. Its garrison will be 6 archers. Effective defense = 6 * 2 (defense) * 1.25 = 15? Actually defense value of archer is 2. So total defense = 6 * 2 = 12. With location bonus x1.25 = 15. So effective defense 15. That's good.

Now, we need to write the plan and statement.

Plan: note to self. We should write what we are trying to do, what we must not forget, what we decided not to do.

Statement: for the audience, what we did this turn.

Let's draft.

Plan: "We are focusing on expanding our territory by capturing neutral villages. This turn we send 4 archers from Zaragoza to Teruel to capture it. We also send 2 archers to Madrid to reinforce its defense, and 4 spearman to Pamplona to prepare for an attack on Burgos next turn. We build troops in several villages to replenish and prepare for future attacks. We must not forget to move the spearman from Pamplona to Burgos next turn once we have enough. We decided not to attack Salamanca yet because we need to consolidate our gains first."

Statement: "King B's forces marched to expand our realm. Archers from Zaragoza march to capture Teruel, while reinforcements head to Madrid and Pamplona. Our smithies work overtime to forge new troops for the coming battles."

Now, we need to format as JSON.

We must ensure we use correct IDs.

Village IDs: our villages: 22,21,23,18,17,20,16,12,19. Neutrals: 13,15,14,8. Enemy: 7.

Builds: list of objects.

Movements: list of objects.

Let's construct.

Builds:
[
  {"villageId": 17, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
  {"villageId": 17, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 16, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 12, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 21, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
  {"villageId": 19, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 1}
]

Movements:
[
  {"fromId": 17, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 4, "knight": 0}},
  {"fromId": 17, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 0}},
  {"fromId": 17, "toId": 19, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}}
]

Check: from Zaragoza (17) we send 4 archers to 13, 2 archers to 12, 4 spearman to 19. That uses 6 archers and 4 spearman. Zaragoza currently has 4 spearman, 6 archer, 4 knight. So we are sending all spearman and all archers. That's okay. We keep 4 knights.

But wait: we also built 3 archers and 1 knight in Zaragoza this turn. Those builds will complete at the end of the turn? The rules: "Each troop type ... ready in 1 turn." So if we order build now, they will be ready next turn. The movements are for troops that are currently at home. So we can only send troops that are available now. The report says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" for each village. For Zaragoza: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 4 spearman, 6 archer, 4 knight". So we can send up to those numbers. So sending 4 spearman and 6 archers is fine. We cannot send the newly built troops this turn; they will be available next turn.

So our movements are valid.

Now, we need to ensure we don't send more than available. For Zaragoza, we send 4 spearman (all), 6 archers (all). That's fine.

For other villages, we didn't send from them.

Now, we need to consider if we should send from other villages. For example, we could send from Tarragona's 3 spearman to somewhere. But we didn't include them. That's fine.

We also need to consider that we are building in Tarragona 4 spearman, but we are not sending them. That's okay.

Now, let's double-check the travel times and whether the attacks will work.

Attack on Teruel: 4 archers from Zaragoza. Teruel has 4 spearmen, defense 10. Our attack: 4 archers, attack 2 each, total 8. Counter: archers vs spearmen -> archer counters spearman, so we get 1.5x. Effective attack = 8 * 1.5 = 12. Defender effective defense = 10. We win. Losses: we take attrition. The loser's effective force is 10. The winner takes losses. We'll lose some archers. How many? The rule doesn't specify exact formula. We can assume we'll lose some. But we have 4, we might lose 1 or 2. We'll have some left. But we sent all 6 archers from Zaragoza, so we'll have 0 after battle. Next turn we'll have 3 newly built, plus whatever survives. So we might need to build more.

Attack on Madrid: we send 2 archers to reinforce. They will join Madrid. Madrid already has 2 archers, plus we build 2, so next turn it will have 6 archers (2 original + 2 new + 2 sent). But the 2 sent from Zaragoza will arrive next turn. So Madrid will have 2 (original) + 2 (built) + 2 (sent) = 6. Good.

Attack on Pamplona: we send 4 spearman to reinforce. Pamplona has 2 spearman, plus we build 1, so next turn it will have 2+1+4 = 7 spearman. Then we can send them to Burgos.

But we need to ensure that the 4 spearman from Zaragoza actually reach Pamplona without fighting. Since Pamplona is ours, they will join. Travel time 1 turn.

Now, what about the enemy? They might do something. We can't predict.

We should also consider that we might want to send an attack to Salamanca. But we decided not to.

Let's write the plan and statement.

Plan: "This turn we focus on capturing Teruel with 4 archers from Zaragoza. We also send 2 archers to Madrid and 4 spearman to Pamplona to reinforce and prepare for future attacks. We build troops in Zaragoza, Valencia, Madrid, Tarragona, and Pamplona to replenish our forces. Next turn we will attack Burgos from Pamplona with 7 spearman, and we will consider attacking Murcia or Salamanca. Must not forget to move the spearman from Pamplona to Burgos once they are ready."

Statement: "King B's armies advance! Archers from Zaragoza march to seize Teruel, while reinforcements strengthen Madrid and Pamplona. Our forges burn day and night, crafting spears and armor for the battles to come. The path to victory is paved with iron and wood."

Now, we need to output JSON only.

But we must ensure the JSON is valid.

Let's construct the JSON object.

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 12, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 19, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 1}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 17, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 4, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 17, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 17, "toId": 19, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}}
  ],
  "plan": "This turn we focus on capturing Teruel with 4 archers from Zaragoza. We also send 2 archers to Madrid and 4 spearman to Pamplona to reinforce and prepare for future attacks. We build troops in Zaragoza, Valencia, Madrid, Tarragona, and Pamplona to replenish our forces. Next turn we will attack Burgos from Pamplona with 7 spearman, and we will consider attacking Murcia or Salamanca. Must not forget to move the spearman from Pamplona to Burgos once they are ready.",
  "statement": "King B's armies advance! Archers from Zaragoza march to seize Teruel, while reinforcements strengthen Madrid and Pamplona. Our forges burn day and night, crafting spears and armor for the battles to come. The path to victory is paved with iron and wood."
}

Check if we need to include any other fields? The instructions say: "Reply with ONE valid JSON object and nothing else - no text before or after it." So we output only the JSON.

We should verify that the build types are valid: "spearman", "archer", "knight". Yes.

We should verify that the village IDs are correct: 17 is Zaragoza, 16 Valencia, 12 Madrid, 21 Tarragona, 19 Pamplona. Yes.

We should verify that we are not ordering builds that exceed resources. We already checked.

We should also consider if we should build in Barcelona (22) or others. We didn't. That's fine.

We might want to build in Girona (23) or Castellon (18) or Huesca (20). They have resources but we didn't. That's okay.

Now, we need to consider if our movements are optimal. We are sending all Zaragoza's spearman and archers. That might leave Zaragoza vulnerable if the enemy attacks it. But the enemy is far and we have no indication they will attack Zaragoza. Also, Zaragoza has 4 knights for defense. So it's okay.

We also need to consider that we are sending 4 spearman to Pamplona. Pamplona is interior, safe.

We might also want to send some troops to Valencia to defend it? Valencia is near the neutral villages. But it's not directly on enemy border.

I think this is a reasonable turn.

Let's double-check the rules about sending troops to a village we own: "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So sending to Madrid and Pamplona is fine.

Now, we need to ensure we don't violate any rules. The "movements" array can have multiple entries. The "build" array can have multiple.

We should also consider that we might want to send an attack from another village. For example, from Valencia to Teruel? But we already have Zaragoza attacking Teruel. If we send from Valencia, they would fight separately. We could send from Valencia to Teruel with its 3 spearman and 1 archer. That would be a separate attack. Would that help? Probably not, because they would likely lose. So we skip.

We could send from Madrid to Toledo? Not enough.

So our movements are fine.

Now, let's write the final JSON.

We need to make sure the JSON is valid: double quotes, no trailing commas.

I'll produce it.

ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":17,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":4,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":17,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":17,"destinoId":19,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}}]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [17]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [17]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [17]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [17]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [16]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [16]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [12]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [12]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO envio [17]->[13]: 4A (alvo neutra lanceiro)
ACEITO envio [17]->[12]: 2A
ACEITO envio [17]->[19]: 4S
plano (volta no proximo prompt): This turn we focus on capturing Teruel with 4 archers from Zaragoza. We also send 2 archers to Madrid and 4 spearman to Pamplona to reinforce and prepare for future attacks. We build troops in Zaragoza, Valencia, Madrid, Tarragona, and Pamplona to replenish our forces. Next turn we will attack Burgos from Pamplona with 7 spearman, and we will consider attacking Murcia or Salamanca. Must not forget to move the spearman from Pamplona to Burgos once they are ready.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): King B's armies advance! Archers from Zaragoza march to seize Teruel, while reinforcements strengthen Madrid and Pamplona. Our forges burn day and night, crafting spears and armor for the battles to come. The path to victory is paved with iron and wood.
REFORCO [3] Coimbra dono A: 2S+2A+2K
COMBATE [6] Porto: atacante A Fatk=20 (ef 30) Fdef=6 (ef 8) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~3
COMBATE [7] Salamanca: atacante A Fatk=12 (ef 18) Fdef=8 (ef 10) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~3
REFORCO [3] Coimbra dono A: 1A
placar: A 8 ald/tropas 15 | B 9 ald/tropas 23 | neutras 7 | transito 12 (A 9 | B 3)

########## TURNO 9 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3761 | resposta 13884 | raciocinio 10010 | finish stop | ms 141751
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 7, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 7, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 8, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 1, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 5, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 3, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 6, \"toId\": 10, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 3, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 3, \"toId\": 7, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 5, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 0}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Attack Madrid from Salamanca to secure the border and open the road east. Send reinforcements from Coimbra to Salamanca to defend it after the attack. Gather troops in Badajoz (from Santarem and Faro) and Vigo (from Porto) to conquer Toledo, Sevilha, and Burgos next turns. Build knights and archers everywhere to maintain momentum.\",\n  \"statement\": \"King A orders the assault on Madrid with the full garrison of Salamanca. Reinforcements from Coimbra are sent to secure Salamanca, while troops from Santarem, Faro, and Porto gather at Badajoz and Vigo to prepare for the conquest of Toledo, Sevilha, and Burgos. Builds are ordered across all villages to strengthen the army.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A in a strategy game.
I need to output a JSON object with the fields: "build", "movements", "plan", "statement".

Let's look at the current state (Turn 9):
- My villages:
  - Lisboa [0]: 1/300 troops. 1 knight available. 2 spearmen marching to [3].
  - Santarem [1]: 2/300. 2 archers available.
  - Evora [2]: 4/300. 2 spearman, 2 archers available.
  - Coimbra [3]: 15/300. 10 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight available.
  - Badajoz [4]: 3/300. 2 archer, 1 knight available.
  - Faro [5]: 4/300. 3 spearman, 1 archer available.
  - Porto [6]: 3/300. 3 spearman available.
  - Salamanca [7]: 10/300. 8 archer, 2 knight available. Border with Madrid [12].
  - Vigo [10]: 2/300. 2 knight available.

Total troops at home: 44 soldiers (18 spearman, 19 archer, 7 knight) + 2 marching.
Wait, let's verify available troops:
- Lisboa [0]: 1 knight.
- Santarem [1]: 2 archers.
- Evora [2]: 2 spearman, 2 archers.
- Coimbra [3]: 10 spearman, 4 archers, 1 knight.
- Badajoz [4]: 2 archers, 1 knight.
- Faro [5]: 3 spearman, 1 archer.
- Porto [6]: 3 spearmen.
- Salamanca [7]: 8 archers, 2 knights.
- Vigo [10]: 2 knights.
Total available:
spearman: 2 (Evora) + 10 (Coimbra) + 3 (Faro) + 3 (Porto) = 18 spearman.
archer: 2 (Santarem) + 2 (Evora) + 4 (Coimbra) + 2 (Badajoz) + 1 (Faro) + 8 (Salamanca) = 19 archers.
knight: 1 (Lisboa) + 1 (Coimbra) + 1 (Badajoz) + 2 (Salamanca) + 2 (Vigo) = 7 knights.
Matches the report.

Let's look at the villages we can see:
- Toledo [8]: Neutral, 4 spearmen, defense 10. March from [4] Badajoz: 1 slow/1 med/1 fast turn.
- Sevilha [9]: Neutral, 4 archers, defense 10. March from [4] Badajoz: 2 slow/1 med/1 fast turns.
- Madrid [12]: Enemy (King B), 6 archers, defense 15. March from [7] Salamanca: 1 slow/1 med/1 fast turn.
- Burgos [14]: Neutral, 4 knights, defense 10. March from [10] Vigo: 1 slow/1 med/1 fast turn.

Unexplored:
[11] Cordoba, [13] Teruel, [17] Zaragoza, [16] Valencia, [15] Murcia, [18] Castellon, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona (Enemy Capital), [23] Girona.

Road Network:
- [0] Lisboa: [1], [2]
- [1] Santarem: [0], [3], [4]
- [2] Evora: [0], [5]
- [3] Coimbra: [1], [6], [7]
- [4] Badajoz: [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]
- [5] Faro: [2], [4], [9]
- [6] Porto: [3], [7], [10]
- [7] Salamanca: [3], [4], [6], [12]
- [8] Toledo: [4], [11], [12], [13]
- [9] Sevilha: [4], [5], [11]
- [10] Vigo: [6], [14]
- [11] Cordoba: [8], [9], [15]
- [12] Madrid: [7], [8], [14], [17]
- [13] Teruel: [8], [16], [17], [18]
- [14] Burgos: [10], [12], [19]
- [15] Murcia: [11], [16]
- [16] Valencia: [13], [15], [18]
- [17] Zaragoza: [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]
- [18] Castellon: [13], [16], [21]
- [19] Pamplona: [14], [17], [20]
- [20] Huesca: [17], [19], [23]
- [21] Tarragona: [17], [18], [22]
- [22] Barcelona: [21], [23]
- [23] Girona: [20], [22]

Let's check the current situation:
We hold 9 of 24 villages. We need 18 to win (75%).
The enemy capital is Barcelona [22], but taking it is NOT required to win. We need to hold 18 villages.
We currently hold 9: Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, Coimbra, Badajoz, Faro, Porto, Salamanca, Vigo.
Neutral villages we can see: Toledo [8], Sevilha [9], Burgos [14].
Enemy village we can see: Madrid [12].
Unexplored: Cordoba [11], Teruel [13], Zaragoza [17], Valencia [16], Murcia [15], Castellon [18], Pamplona [19], Huesca [20], Tarragona [21], Barcelona [22], Girona [23].
Wait, how many villages in total? 24.
Ours: 9.
Neutral: Toledo, Sevilha, Burgos (3 visible) + 11 unexplored = 14 neutral/enemy? No, the list says 11 unexplored, plus 3 neutral visible, plus Madrid (enemy visible). That's 15 non-owned villages. 9 owned + 15 non-owned = 24 total.
Of the 15 non-owned, Madrid is enemy, Barcelona is enemy capital. The rest are neutral (Toledo, Sevilha, Burgos, Cordoba, Teruel, Zaragoza, Valencia, Murcia, Castellon, Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona, Girona - wait, how many is that? 3 visible neutral + 11 unexplored = 14 neutral/enemy capital. Total non-owned: 14 neutral + Madrid + Barcelona = 16? Let's count:
Owned: 9 (0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 10)
Visible non-owned: 8 (Toledo), 9 (Sevilha), 12 (Madrid), 14 (Burgos) -> 4 villages.
Unexplored: 11, 13, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23 -> 11 villages.
Total: 9 + 4 + 11 = 24 villages. Correct.
The non-owned are: 8, 9, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23 (15 villages).
Of these, 12 is enemy (Madrid), 22 is enemy capital (Barcelona). The other 13 are neutral.
To win, we need 18 villages. We have 9. We need 9 more.
We can get them by conquering neutral villages and Madrid.

Let's look at the resources and build orders.
Each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn (some have 35 wood, like Badajoz, Faro, Vigo has 0/0 but it says +30/+20, maybe it starts producing next turn? Vigo has wood 0, iron 0, but says +30/turn wood, +20/turn iron).
Let's see what we can build:
- Lisboa [0]: wood 30, iron 60. Can build knights (costs 30 wood, 30 iron). Can build 1 knight. Or archers (20 wood, 10 iron). Can build 1 archer, have 10 wood left, but cap is 300 troops. Let's build archers or knights.
- Santarem [1]: wood 30, iron 50. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron), or spearman (15 wood, 0 iron).
- Evora [2]: wood 30, iron 50. Can build 1 spearman (15 wood), or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron), or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Coimbra [3]: wood 30, iron 30. Can build 1 spearman (15 wood), or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Cannot build knight (needs 30 iron, has 30 iron but 30 wood, wait, knight costs 30 wood + 30 iron. Coimbra has wood 30, iron 30, so it can build 1 knight!).
- Badajoz [4]: wood 35, iron 30. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 spearman (15 wood).
- Faro [5]: wood 35, iron 60. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 2 spearmen (30 wood).
- Porto [6]: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 spearman (15 wood) or 1 knight? Knight needs 30 iron, has 20. So no knight.
- Salamanca [7]: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 spearman (15 wood). No knight (needs 30 iron).
- Vigo [10]: wood 0, iron 0. Wait, Vigo has wood 0, iron 0, but produces +30 wood, +20 iron. Since it has 0, it cannot build anything this turn because it has 0 resources now! It says "Resources belong to EACH village... a village pays for its own builds from its own stock." So Vigo cannot build this turn.

Let's plan the campaign.
We need to expand.
We have Salamanca [7] near Madrid [12]. Madrid has 6 archers, defense 15.
We have Badajoz [4] near Toledo [8] and Sevilha [9]. Toledo has 4 spearmen, defense 10. Sevilha has 4 archers, defense 10.
We have Vigo [10] near Burgos [14]. Burgos has 4 knights, defense 10.
We also have 2 spearmen marching from Lisboa [0] to Coimbra [3], arriving in 1 turn.

Let's look at our available troops to attack:
To attack Madrid [12] from Salamanca [7]:
We have in Salamanca [7]: 8 archers, 2 knights.
If we send all: 8 archers, 2 knights.
Attack vs defense: Madrid has 6 archers, defense 15 (with location bonus).
Wait, the effective defense is 15. The report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 15". So we use 15 directly.
Our attack power:
Most numerous type: archers (8 archers vs 2 knights). So archers set the counter matchup.
Archer vs Archer? No, defender has archers. Archer vs archer is no counter.
Wait, "Counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer."
Defender has 6 archers. Most numerous type of defender is archers.
Our most numerous type is archers (8 archers).
Archer vs Archer: no counter.
Wait, the rule says: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
So attacker's most numerous is archer. Defender's most numerous is archer.
Archer vs Archer: no counter.
Let's calculate effective force:
Attacker:
Archers: attack 2 each. 8 * 2 = 16.
Knights: attack 4 each. 2 * 4 = 8.
Total attack = 24.
Wait, is there a counter bonus? "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
Since archer does not counter archer, no bonus.
Defender:
Defense of archers is 2 each, but they are in a village? Madrid is an enemy village, so location bonus is x1.25 (village) or is it a castle? Madrid is not the capital, so village bonus x1.25.
The report says: "effective defense (location bonus included): 15".
Let's trust the report: effective defense is 15.
So attacker force = 24, defender force = 15.
Attacker wins. But we take losses.
"The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
Usually, losses are proportional. But we can win and take Madrid!
Wait, if we send all from Salamanca, we leave Salamanca undefended? Salamanca has defense 25 (with bonus). If we send all, its defense becomes 0 (or whatever troops are left, which is 0). But it's our village, so if enemy attacks it, they can take it. But we are attacking Madrid.
Is it better to attack Madrid? Yes, Madrid is enemy. Taking it gets us a village, bringing total to 10.
What about Toledo [8] from Badajoz [4]?
Badajoz has: 2 archers, 1 knight.
Toledo has: 4 spearmen, defense 10.
If we send 2 archers, 1 knight:
Most numerous: archers (2 archers vs 1 knight).
Defender has spearmen (4 spearmen).
Archer counters spearman! So we get 1.5x multiplier.
Attacker force:
Archers: 2 * 2 = 4. With 1.5x counter: 4 * 1.5 = 6.
Knights: 1 * 4 = 4.
Total attack = 10.
Defender defense = 10.
Tie favors defender! So we might lose or tie, which is bad.
If we send only knights? Knight vs spearman: knight is countered by spearman. So no bonus, and knight attack is 4, defender defense is 10. We lose.
If we send only archers: 2 archers. Archer counters spearman. Attack = 2 * 2 * 1.5 = 6. Defender defense = 10. We lose.
So we need more troops to take Toledo.
Can we reinforce Badajoz?
From Coimbra [3] to Badajoz [4]: road is [3] -> [4]? Let's check road network.
[3] Coimbra: [1], [6], [7]. No direct road to [4]!
Wait, roads from [3]: [1] Santarem, [6] Porto, [7] Salamanca.
Roads from [4] Badajoz: [1] Santarem, [5] Faro, [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha.
So to go from Coimbra to Badajoz, we must go [3] -> [1] -> [4] or [3] -> [7] -> [4].
From Santarem [1] to Badajoz [4]: 2 slow / 1 med / 1 fast turns.
From Salamanca [7] to Badajoz [4]: 2 slow / 1 med / 1 fast turns.
So we can send troops from Coimbra to Badajoz via Santarem or Salamanca. But they will take 2 turns.
Can we send troops from Evora [2] to Badajoz?
Evora [2] roads: [0] Lisboa, [5] Faro.
Faros [5] roads: [2] Evora, [4] Badajoz, [9] Sevilha.
So [2] -> [5] -> [4]. From Faro to Badajoz is 2 slow / 1 med / 1 fast turns.
So we can send troops from Evora to Badajoz via Faro.
What about Porto [6] to Badajoz?
[6] Porto: [3] Coimbra, [7] Salamanca, [10] Vigo.
So [6] -> [7] -> [4] or [6] -> [3] -> [1] -> [4].

Let's look at Burgos [14] from Vigo [10]:
Vigo has 2 knights.
Burgos has 4 knights, defense 10.
If we send 2 knights:
Knight vs knight: no counter.
Attack = 2 * 4 = 8. Defense = 10. We lose.
So we need more troops to take Burgos.
Can we send troops from Porto [6] to Vigo [10]?
Roads: [6] Porto to [10] Vigo is 1 slow / 1 med / 1 fast turn.
Porto has 3 spearman. We can send them to Vigo.
If Vigo gets 3 spearman + 2 knights:
Attack on Burgos:
Most numerous: spearman (3 vs 2 knights).
Defender has knights (4 knights).
Spearman counters knight! So 1.5x multiplier.
Attacker force:
Spearmen: 3 * 1 = 3. With 1.5x: 4.5.
Knights: 2 * 4 = 8.
Total attack = 12.5.
Defender defense = 10.
We win!
But wait, if we send 3 spearman from Porto to Vigo, they arrive next turn (1 turn).
Then we can attack Burgos the turn after.
Is it worth it? Yes, Burgos is neutral, taking it gives us a village.
But we need to build troops as well.

Let's look at the build orders.
We want to build troops to reinforce our armies.
Where to build?
- Coimbra [3]: has 10 spearman, 4 archers, 1 knight. It has wood 30, iron 30.
Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
Can build 1 spearman (15 wood).
Let's build 1 knight and 1 archer? We can only build what we have resources for.
Wait, "Each village you hold produces resources every turn, and resources are what build your army."
"Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."
Coimbra has wood 30, iron 30.
Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. So we can build 1 knight.
If we build 1 knight, wood becomes 0, iron becomes 0.
Can we build more? No.
What about Lisboa [0]: wood 30, iron 60.
Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> wood 0, iron 30 left.
Can we also build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron)? We have 0 wood left.
So only 1 knight.
What about Santarem [1]: wood 30, iron 50.
Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> wood 10, iron 40.
Can we build 1 spearman (15 wood)? We have 10 wood left. No.
So 1 archer.
What about Evora [2]: wood 30, iron 50.
Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> wood 0, iron 20.
Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood)? Total wood 35, we have 30. So no.
Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> wood 10, iron 40.
Or 2 spearmen (30 wood) -> wood 0, iron 50.
Let's build 1 archer.
What about Badajoz [4]: wood 35, iron 30.
Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> wood 5, iron 0.
Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> wood 15, iron 20.
Let's build 1 knight.
What about Faro [5]: wood 35, iron 60.
Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> wood 5, iron 30.
Can we build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron)? We have 5 wood left. No.
So 1 knight.
What about Porto [6]: wood 30, iron 20.
Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> wood 10, iron 10.
Or 1 spearman (15 wood) -> wood 15, iron 20.
Let's build 1 archer.
What about Salamanca [7]: wood 30, iron 20.
Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> wood 10, iron 10.
Or 1 spearman (15 wood) -> wood 15, iron 20.
Let's build 1 archer.

Let's review the plan from last turn:
"Reinforce Salamanca with knights and archers while our knights take Vigo. Build troops everywhere and send reinforcements to the south. Next turn, attack Madrid from Salamanca and Toledo from Badajoz."
Wait, last turn we attacked Vigo and took it.
Now we have Vigo.
The plan says: "Next turn, attack Madrid from Salamanca and Toledo from Badajoz."
But we don't have enough troops to take Toledo from Badajoz right now (we calculated we need more).
And we can attack Madrid from Salamanca.
Let's check if we can attack Madrid now.
Salamanca has 8 archers, 2 knights.
Madrid has 6 archers, defense 15.
If we send 8 archers, 2 knights:
Attack = 8*2 + 2*4 = 24.
Defense = 15.
We win. But how many losses?
"The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
Usually, losses are calculated as something like: your force - defender's force? Or a fraction?
If we lose some troops, we still take Madrid.
But if we send all, Salamanca is left with 0 troops.
Is that safe? Salamanca is our border village. If enemy attacks it, they take it. But the enemy has no troops sighted near Salamanca except Madrid. Madrid has 6 archers. If we take Madrid, we get its troops? No, when we attack, the defender's troops are destroyed (or some survive if they win, but if we win, they are destroyed).
Wait, "The losing army is destroyed entirely; the winner takes losses and keeps marching."
So if we attack Madrid, Madrid's 6 archers are destroyed. We take some losses.
Then Madrid has 0 troops. We occupy it.
But we need to send troops to hold it, or does it become ours automatically?
"When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs... The side with the HIGHER effective force wins... The winner also takes losses... The losing army is destroyed entirely; the winner takes losses and keeps marching."
Wait, if we attack a village, do we occupy it?
"hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages... each village you hold produces resources... You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements."
How do we conquer a neutral or enemy village?
"You do NOT see the whole map... enemy or neutral to attack it"
Usually, to conquer a village, you attack it and win. The army that attacks it stays there as garrison? Or does it just destroy the defender and we need to send a new garrison?
"The losing army is destroyed entirely; the winner takes losses and keeps marching."
Wait, "keeps marching" means the army continues to its destination?
"An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination."
So if we order an army to march to Madrid, they stop at Madrid, fight, and if they win, they take Madrid? Or do they stop there?
"An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there... You cannot march past an enemy or neutral village to hit one behind it."
So they stop and fight. If they win, they conquer the village. The surviving troops become the garrison of that village.
Yes, that's how it works in these games. The attacking army becomes the garrison of the conquered village.
So if we send 8 archers and 2 knights from Salamanca to Madrid, they will fight Madrid's 6 archers.
If we win, the surviving troops will stay in Madrid as garrison.
Let's calculate the losses.
Attacker effective force: 24.
Defender effective force: 15.
Losses are usually: defender's force / attacker's force? Or something like:
Attacker losses = Defender force * (Attacker force / Defender force)? No, usually losses are proportional to the enemy's force.
Let's assume we lose some troops, but we win and get Madrid.
Is it better to wait and reinforce more?
We have Coimbra [3] with 10 spearman, 4 archers, 1 knight.
Can we send them to Salamanca [7]?
Road: [3] Coimbra to [7] Salamanca is 2 slow / 1 med / 1 fast turns.
So they would take 2 turns to arrive.
If we send them now, they arrive in 2 turns.
Meanwhile, we can attack Madrid now with Salamanca's troops, or wait for reinforcements.
If we attack Madrid now, we might take heavy losses, but we get Madrid.
If we wait, Madrid might get reinforcements (the report says "A reinforcement of King B (2 archers) arrived at [12] Madrid" last turn. So Madrid now has 6 archers, maybe more now? The report says "garrison: 6 archers" for Madrid. So it has 6 archers).
If we attack now, we use 8 archers, 2 knights.
Let's see if we can send some from Badajoz to Madrid?
Roads from Badajoz [4]: [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha, [1] Santarem, [5] Faro.
Roads from Madrid [12]: [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza.
So Badajoz to Madrid: [4] -> [7] -> [12] or [4] -> [8] -> [12].
Via Salamanca: [4] to [7] is 2 slow / 1 med / 1 fast turns. [7] to [12] is 1 slow / 1 med / 1 fast turn. Total 3 turns.
Via Toledo: [4] to [8] is 1 slow / 1 med / 1 fast turn. [8] to [12] is... Toledo to Madrid is 1 slow / 1 med / 1 fast turn? Let's check Toledo roads: [8] Toledo: [4], [11], [12], [13]. So [8] to [12] is 1 turn. Total 2 turns.
But we don't have troops in Badajoz that we want to send to Madrid directly, we want to attack Toledo from Badajoz.
Wait, can we attack Toledo now?
Badajoz has 2 archers, 1 knight.
Toledo has 4 spearmen, defense 10.
If we send 2 archers, 1 knight:
Attack = 10, Defense = 10. Tie goes to defender. We lose.
So we cannot attack Toledo now.
We need to reinforce Badajoz.
Where can we get reinforcements for Badajoz?
From Santarem [1]: 2 archers. Road [1] to [4] is 2 slow / 1 med / 1 fast turns.
From Coimbra [3]: 10 spearman, 4 archers, 1 knight. Road [3] -> [1] -> [4] is 3 turns.
From Faro [5]: 3 spearman, 1 archer. Road [5] to [4] is 2 slow / 1 med / 1 fast turns.
From Evora [2]: 2 spearman, 2 archers. Road [2] -> [5] -> [4] is 3 turns.
So we can send troops from Faro [5] to Badajoz [4] (2 turns) or Santarem [1] to Badajoz [4] (2 turns).
If we send from Santarem: 2 archers.
If we send from Faro: 3 spearman, 1 archer.
If we send both, they arrive in 2 turns.
But we need to build troops anyway.

Let's look at the big picture.
We have 9 villages. We need 18.
The nearest neutrals are Toledo [8], Sevilha [9], Burgos [14].
The enemy is Madrid [12].
Beyond Madrid is Zaragoza [17], etc., leading to Barcelona [22].
But we don't need to take Barcelona. We just need 18 villages.
If we take Madrid [12], Toledo [8], Sevilha [9], Burgos [14], that's 4 more villages, bringing us to 13.
Then we can expand to Cordoba [11], Teruel [13], Pamplona [19], etc.
Let's look at the road network to see how to reach the unexplored villages.
Toledo [8] connects to Cordoba [11] and Teruel [13].
Sevilha [9] connects to Cordoba [11].
Burgos [14] connects to Pamplona [19].
Madrid [12] connects to Zaragoza [17].
So taking Toledo, Sevilha, Burgos, Madrid opens up the map.
We should prioritize taking these 4 visible villages.
To take them:
- Madrid [12]: we can attack from Salamanca [7] now. Salamanca has 8 archers, 2 knights. Madrid has 6 archers, defense 15. We can win.
- Toledo [8]: we need to attack from Badajoz [4]. We need more troops in Badajoz.
- Sevilha [9]: we can attack from Badajoz [4] or Faro [5]. Sevilha has 4 archers, defense 10.
If we attack from Badajoz: we have 2 archers, 1 knight.
If we attack from Faro: we have 3 spearman, 1 archer.
Let's check Faro to Sevilha: [5] Faro to [9] Sevilha is 2 slow / 1 med / 1 fast turns.
If we send 3 spearman, 1 archer from Faro to Sevilha:
Most numerous: spearman (3 vs 1 archer).
Defender has archers (4 archers).
Spearman vs archer: spearman does not counter archer. Archer counters spearman!
Wait, defender has archers, so defender's most numerous is archers.
Attacker's most numerous is spearmen.
Archer counters spearman. So defender gets the counter bonus!
"The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup... Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
So if attacker has spearmen, defender has archers, defender gets 1.5x bonus.
Attacker force: 3 spearman (3) + 1 archer (2) = 5.
Defender force: 4 archers (4 * 2 = 8) * 1.5 = 12.
We lose badly.
What if we send only archers? We only have 1 archer in Faro.
What if we send knights? We have 0 knights in Faro.
So attacking Sevilha from Faro is bad.
Attacking from Badajoz:
Badajoz has 2 archers, 1 knight.
Defender has 4 archers.
Attacker most numerous: archers (2 vs 1 knight).
Defender most numerous: archers.
Archer vs archer: no counter.
Attacker force: 2 archers (4) + 1 knight (4) = 8.
Defender force: 4 archers (8).
We lose (8 vs 8, tie goes to defender).
So we need reinforcements for Sevilha as well.
- Burgos [14]: we can attack from Vigo [10]. Vigo has 2 knights. Burgos has 4 knights, defense 10.
We need to send reinforcements to Vigo.
From Porto [6] to Vigo [10]: 1 turn. Porto has 3 spearman.
If we send 3 spearman to Vigo, they arrive next turn.
Then we can attack Burgos with 3 spearman, 2 knights.
Attacker most numerous: spearman (3 vs 2 knights).
Defender most numerous: knights (4 knights).
Spearman counters knight! Attacker gets 1.5x bonus.
Attacker force: 3 spearman (3 * 1.5 = 4.5) + 2 knights (8) = 12.5.
Defender force: 4 knights (4 * 2 = 8, wait, knight defense is 2. 4 * 2 = 8. Location bonus included in defense 10).
So defense is 10.
Attacker 12.5 > Defender 10. We win!
So we can take Burgos in 2 turns (1 turn to march to Vigo, 1 turn to attack).
Wait, if we send 3 spearman from Porto to Vigo, they arrive in 1 turn.
Then we can attack Burgos.
But we need to build troops to keep up the momentum.

Let's decide on the moves for this turn.
We want to:
1. Attack Madrid from Salamanca.
Salamanca has 8 archers, 2 knights.
Let's send all of them to Madrid [12].
Wait, if we send all, Salamanca has 0 troops.
Is that okay? Salamanca is our village. If we leave it empty, it still has its defense? No, defense is based on troops. If 0 troops, defense is 0 (or just the village base, but with 0 troops it's vulnerable).
But Madrid is the only enemy village near us. If we take Madrid, the enemy might counter-attack. But they have no other villages near Salamanca except Madrid itself.
If we take Madrid, the road to the east opens.
Let's send 8 archers, 2 knights from Salamanca [7] to Madrid [12].
Wait, can we send less? If we send 6 archers, 2 knights:
Attack = 6*2 + 2*4 = 20.
Defense = 15.
We still win, and we keep 2 archers in Salamanca.
But taking Madrid with more troops means less losses.
Let's send all available: 8 archers, 2 knights.
Wait, Salamanca has 10 troops at home. We can send all 10.
Let's check if we can build more in Salamanca this turn.
Salamanca has wood 30, iron 20.
We can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 spearman (15 wood).
If we build 1 archer, it will be ready next turn.
So we can build 1 archer in Salamanca, and send the 8 archers, 2 knights we have now.
Wait, the build happens this turn, so the new troop is not available to send this turn. It will be available next turn.
So we send the 8 archers, 2 knights now.

2. Send reinforcements to Badajoz to prepare for Toledo and Sevilha.
Badajoz has 2 archers, 1 knight.
We can send troops from Santarem [1] or Faro [5] or Coimbra [3].
Let's send from Faro [5]: 3 spearman, 1 archer to Badajoz [4].
Road: [5] Faro to [4] Badajoz is 2 slow / 1 med / 1 fast turns.
Wait, if we send them, they take 2 turns to arrive.
Can we send from Santarem [1]?
Santarem has 2 archers. Road [1] to [4] is 2 slow / 1 med / 1 fast turns.
Let's send the 2 archers from Santarem [1] to Badajoz [4].
And from Faro [5], let's send the 3 spearman to Badajoz [4].
Wait, if we send both, they arrive at the same time? "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
But they are going to a village WE own (Badajoz). "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements."
So they don't fight, they just join the garrison. The rule about "never add up" applies to attacking an enemy or neutral village. For our own village, they just join the garrison.
So we can send from Santarem and Faro to Badajoz.
Let's send 2 archers from Santarem [1] to Badajoz [4].
And 3 spearman from Faro [5] to Badajoz [4].
Wait, Faro has 4 troops: 3 spearman, 1 archer. If we send 3 spearman, we leave 1 archer.
Let's send 3 spearman, 1 archer from Faro to Badajoz? Or just 3 spearman.
Let's send 3 spearman from Faro to Badajoz.
And 2 archers from Santarem to Badajoz.
This will reinforce Badajoz.

3. Send reinforcements to Vigo [10] to prepare for Burgos.
Vigo has 2 knights.
We can send from Porto [6] to Vigo [10].
Porto has 3 spearman.
Road [6] to [10] is 1 slow / 1 med / 1 fast turn.
Let's send the 3 spearman from Porto [6] to Vigo [10].
They will arrive next turn.

4. Build troops.
We have many villages. Let's build what we can.
- Lisboa [0]: wood 30, iron 60. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Santarem [1]: wood 30, iron 50. We are sending 2 archers away, but we can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 spearman (15 wood). Let's build 1 archer.
- Evora [2]: wood 30, iron 50. Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
- Coimbra [3]: wood 30, iron 30. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Badajoz [4]: wood 35, iron 30. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Faro [5]: wood 35, iron 60. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Porto [6]: wood 30, iron 20. Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
- Salamanca [7]: wood 30, iron 20. Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
- Vigo [10]: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.

Let's double check the resources and builds.
Lisboa: wood 30, iron 60. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Yes, can build 1 knight.
Santarem: wood 30, iron 50. Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. Yes, can build 1 archer.
Evora: wood 30, iron 50. Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. Yes, can build 1 archer.
Coimbra: wood 30, iron 30. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Yes, can build 1 knight.
Badajoz: wood 35, iron 30. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Yes, can build 1 knight.
Faro: wood 35, iron 60. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Yes, can build 1 knight.
Porto: wood 30, iron 20. Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. Yes, can build 1 archer.
Salamanca: wood 30, iron 20. Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. Yes, can build 1 archer.

Wait, are there any other troops we should build?
We have a lot of wood and iron.
Let's see if we can build more in some villages.
Coimbra: wood 30, iron 30. If we build 1 knight, wood 0, iron 0. Can't build more.
Badajoz: wood 35, iron 30. If we build 1 knight, wood 5, iron 0. Can't build more.
Faro: wood 35, iron 60. If we build 1 knight, wood 5, iron 30. Can we build 1 archer? Archer needs 20 wood, we have 5. No.
So 1 knight is the max for these.
What about Lisboa: wood 30, iron 60. Knight takes 30 wood, 30 iron. Leaves 0 wood, 30 iron. Can't build more.
So the builds look good.

Let's review the movements:
- Salamanca [7] to Madrid [12]: 8 archers, 2 knights.
- Santarem [1] to Badajoz [4]: 2 archers.
- Faro [5] to Badajoz [4]: 3 spearman.
- Porto [6] to Vigo [10]: 3 spearman.

Wait, what about the 2 spearmen marching from Lisboa [0] to Coimbra [3]?
The report says: "2 spearmen: [0] -> [3], arrives in 1 turn".
They are already marching. We don't need to order them again. They will arrive next turn.

Let's check if we should send anything from Coimbra [3].
Coimbra has 10 spearman, 4 archers, 1 knight.
Should we send some to Salamanca [7] to reinforce after Madrid?
If we send them now, they take 2 turns to arrive.
But we are attacking Madrid this turn. If we win, Madrid becomes ours, and the troops we sent to Madrid will stay there.
If we send troops from Coimbra to Salamanca, they will reinforce Salamanca.
But Salamanca will be empty after we send all to Madrid.
So sending troops from Coimbra to Salamanca is a good idea to defend it.
Roads from Coimbra [3]: [1] Santarem, [6] Porto, [7] Salamanca.
So we can send directly to Salamanca [7].
Let's send some troops from Coimbra to Salamanca.
How many? Coimbra has 10 spearman, 4 archers, 1 knight.
Let's send 5 spearman, 2 archers to Salamanca [7].
They will take 2 turns to arrive.
This will help defend Salamanca and prepare for further expansion.
Wait, if we send them to Salamanca, they will arrive in 2 turns.
Let's send 5 spearman, 2 archers from Coimbra [3] to Salamanca [7].

What about Evora [2]?
Evora has 2 spearman, 2 archers.
Roads from Evora: [0] Lisboa, [5] Faro.
We are sending 3 spearman from Faro to Badajoz.
Can we send Evora's troops to Faro to go to Badajoz?
Evora to Faro is 1 turn. Faro to Badajoz is 2 turns. Total 3 turns.
Or we can keep them in Evora to defend it.
Evora is interior, no enemy border. So we don't need to defend it urgently.
Let's keep them in Evora.

What about Lisboa [0]?
Lisboa has 1 knight. We can keep it there or send it.
Lisboa is interior, no enemy border. Keep it.

Let's check the total troops we are sending:
- Salamanca [7] -> Madrid [12]: 8 archers, 2 knights.
- Santarem [1] -> Badajoz [4]: 2 archers.
- Faro [5] -> Badajoz [4]: 3 spearman.
- Porto [6] -> Vigo [10]: 3 spearman.
- Coimbra [3] -> Salamanca [7]: 5 spearman, 2 archers.

Let's verify the troops available in each village:
- Salamanca [7]: 8 archers, 2 knights. We send all. Correct.
- Santarem [1]: 2 archers. We send 2 archers. Correct.
- Faro [5]: 3 spearman, 1 archer. We send 3 spearman. Correct.
- Porto [6]: 3 spearman. We send 3 spearman. Correct.
- Coimbra [3]: 10 spearman, 4 archers, 1 knight. We send 5 spearman, 2 archers. Leaves 5 spearman, 2 archers, 1 knight. Correct.

Let's check the builds:
- Lisboa [0]: 1 knight.
- Santarem [1]: 1 archer.
- Evora [2]: 1 archer.
- Coimbra [3]: 1 knight.
- Badajoz [4]: 1 knight.
- Faro [5]: 1 knight.
- Porto [6]: 1 archer.
- Salamanca [7]: 1 archer.

Let's write the plan and statement.
Plan:
"Attack Madrid from Salamanca to secure the border and open the road east. Send reinforcements from Coimbra to Salamanca to defend it after the attack. Gather troops in Badajoz (from Santarem and Faro) and Vigo (from Porto) to conquer Toledo, Sevilha, and Burgos next turns. Build knights and archers everywhere to maintain momentum."

Statement:
"King A orders the assault on Madrid with the full garrison of Salamanca. Reinforcements from Coimbra are sent to secure Salamanca, while troops from Santarem, Faro, and Porto gather at Badajoz and Vigo to prepare for the conquest of Toledo, Sevilha, and Burgos. Builds are ordered across all villages to strengthen the army."

Let's double check the JSON format.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 3, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 4, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 5, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 6, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 7, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 7, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 8, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 1, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 5, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 6, "toId": 10, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 3, "toId": 7, "troops": {"spearman": 5, "archer": 2, "knight": 0}}
  ],
  "plan": "Attack Madrid from Salamanca to secure the border and open the road east. Send reinforcements from Coimbra to Salamanca to defend it after the attack. Gather troops in Badajoz (from Santarem and Faro) and Vigo (from Porto) to conquer Toledo, Sevilha, and Burgos next turns. Build knights and archers everywhere to maintain momentum.",
  "statement": "King A orders the assault on Madrid with the full garrison of Salamanca. Reinforcements from Coimbra are sent to secure Salamanca, while troops from Santarem, Faro, and Porto gather at Badajoz and Vigo to prepare for the conquest of Toledo, Sevilha, and Burgos. Builds are ordered across all villages to strengthen the army."
}

Let's review the rules again to make sure I didn't miss anything.
"Each village you hold produces resources every turn, and resources are what build your army."
"Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."
Yes, I checked the resources for each build.
"Cap per village: when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building"
None of our villages are near 300. Max is Coimbra with 15.
"Neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type."
We see Toledo, Sevilha, Burgos have 4 troops, defense 10 (was 8, 5 turns ago). So they hardened once. They won't harden again for 5 turns.
"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
This applies to attacking enemy/neutral villages. For our own villages, they just join the garrison.
"You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements."
Yes, I am sending to Badajoz, Vigo, Salamanca, which are all ours.
"Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there... Your own armies never fight each other: they pass freely."
No conflicts on roads for my armies.

Let's check the travel times:
- Salamanca [7] to Madrid [12]: 1 slow / 1 med / 1 fast turn. (We send 8 archers (med), 2 knights (fast). March speed is fast? "A MIXED army marches at the speed of its SLOWEST troop."
Wait! "A MIXED army marches at the speed of its SLOWEST troop."
Our army has archers (medium) and knights (fast). The slowest is archer (medium).
So march time is 1 medium turn.
The report says: "march from [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".
So 1 medium turn means it arrives in 1 turn.
- Santarem [1] to Badajoz [4]: 2 slow / 1 med / 1 fast turns. We send 2 archers (medium). March time is 1 medium turn? Wait, the report says "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" for Santarem.
But we are going to Badajoz [4].
Let's check the road network:
[1] Santarem: [0], [3], [4].
So [1] to [4] is a direct road.
The report says for Santarem: "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". It doesn't give the distance to Badajoz.
But looking at the map, Santarem to Badajoz is probably 2 slow / 1 med / 1 fast turns.
Even if it's 2 turns, it's fine. We just send them.
- Faro [5] to Badajoz [4]: [5] Faro: [2], [4], [9]. Direct road to [4].
Report says for Faro: "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns".
So Faro to Badajoz is probably 2 slow / 1 med / 1 fast turns.
- Porto [6] to Vigo [10]: [6] Porto: [3], [7], [10]. Direct road to [10].
Report says for Porto: "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".
Porto to Vigo is probably 1 slow / 1 med / 1 fast turns.
- Coimbra [3] to Salamanca [7]: [3] Coimbra: [1], [6], [7]. Direct road to [7].
Report says for Coimbra: "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".
So 2 slow / 1 med / 1 fast turns. We send 5 spearman (slow), 2 archers (med). Slowest is slow, so 2 slow turns.

Everything seems consistent.

Let's double check the combat math for Madrid.
Attacker: 8 archers, 2 knights.
Most numerous: archers (8).
Defender: 6 archers.
Most numerous: archers (6).
Archer vs Archer: no counter.
Attacker force: 8 * 2 (archer attack) + 2 * 4 (knight attack) = 16 + 8 = 24.
Defender force: effective defense 15 (given in report).
24 > 15. Attacker wins.
Losses: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
Usually, losses are something like: Defender force / Attacker force * Attacker troops? Or Defender force / 2?
Regardless, we win and take Madrid.
Madrid has 6 archers. They will be destroyed.
Our surviving troops will become the garrison of Madrid.
This is a great move.

Let's check if there is any other enemy village we can see.
Only Madrid [12].
What about neutral villages?
Toledo [8], Sevilha [9], Burgos [14].
We cannot attack them this turn because we don't have enough troops in range or we need to reinforce first.
We are sending reinforcements to Badajoz and Vigo to attack them next turn.
This is a solid plan.

Let's write the final JSON.
I will format it exactly as requested.
No text before or after the JSON.

One small detail:
"build" list:
{"villageId": 0, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
{"villageId": 1, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}
{"villageId": 2, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}
{"villageId": 3, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
{"villageId": 4, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
{"villageId": 5, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
{"villageId": 6, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}
{"villageId": 7, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}

"movements" list:
{"fromId": 7, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 8, "knight": 2}}
{"fromId": 1, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 0}}
{"fromId": 5, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}}
{"fromId": 6, "toId": 10, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}}
{"fromId": 3, "toId": 7, "troops": {"spearman": 5, "archer": 2, "knight": 0}}

Looks perfect.
I will output the JSON now.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"arqueiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":7,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":8,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":1,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":5,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"lanceiro":3,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":6,"destinoId":10,"tropas":{"lanceiro":3,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":3,"destinoId":7,"tropas":{"lanceiro":5,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":0}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [3]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [4]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [5]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [6]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [7]
ACEITO envio [7]->[12]: 8A+2K
ACEITO envio [1]->[4]: 2A
ACEITO envio [5]->[4]: 3S
ACEITO envio [6]->[10]: 3S
ACEITO envio [3]->[7]: 5S+2A
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Attack Madrid from Salamanca to secure the border and open the road east. Send reinforcements from Coimbra to Salamanca to defend it after the attack. Gather troops in Badajoz (from Santarem and Faro) and Vigo (from Porto) to conquer Toledo, Sevilha, and Burgos next turns. Build knights and archers everywhere to maintain momentum.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): King A orders the assault on Madrid with the full garrison of Salamanca. Reinforcements from Coimbra are sent to secure Salamanca, while troops from Santarem, Faro, and Porto gather at Badajoz and Vigo to prepare for the conquest of Toledo, Sevilha, and Burgos. Builds are ordered across all villages to strengthen the army.
########## TURNO 9 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3127 | resposta 15102 | raciocinio 15102 | finish content_filter | ms 176664
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: We need to analyze the current state and decide on orders for turn 9. The goal is to hold at least 18 of 24 villages for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. Currently hold 10 of 24. Enemy capital is hardest, but not required.

We have 10 villages. Total troops at home: 40 (17 spearman, 15 archer, 8 knight) plus 4 marching (4 spearmen from Zaragoza to Pamplona, arriving in 1 turn). We also have some marching orders from last turn: 4 spearmen from [17] Zaragoza to [19] Pamplona, arriving in 1 turn. Also, a reinforcement of 2 archers arrived at [12] Madrid.

We need to decide builds and movements.

First, check resources and capacities.

List our villages with resources and available troops to send:

[22] Barcelona: wood 120, iron 90, defense 3, troops 1/300. Available: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. Can build? Resources: wood 120, iron 90. Costs: spearman 15 wood, 0 iron; archer 20 wood, 10 iron; knight 30 wood, 30 iron. Can build 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron) -> yes. But we have 1 knight already at home? Actually "troops at home: 1 / 300" and "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight". So we have 1 knight present. We could build more. But note: "Cap per village: when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building". Currently 1/300, so can build. But we need to consider if we want to build here. Barcelona is capital, but interior, far from front. Might be better to build troops closer to front. However, we can build to reinforce. But note: resources are per village. Barcelona has high wood and iron. Could build knights or archers. But knights cost 30 iron, we have 90, so can build 3 knights (90 iron, 90 wood) but wood 120, so max 3 knights? Actually 3 knights cost 90 wood, 90 iron. Wood 120, so could build 4 knights? 4*30=120 wood, 4*30=120 iron, but iron only 90, so max 3 knights. Or archers: 20 wood, 10 iron. Could build many. But we need to decide based on strategy.

[21] Tarragona: wood 60, iron 110, defense 20, troops 8/300. Available: 7 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight. Can build? Resources: wood 60, iron 110. Spearman costs 15 wood, 0 iron -> can build up to 4 spearman (60 wood). Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron -> can build up to 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) but wood limits. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron -> can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) but wood 60, so max 2 knights. But we have 0 knights available to send? Actually available to send now: 7 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight. So we have troops at home. We can build more. But note: we might want to build archers or knights for offense. However, Tarragona is interior, far from border.

[23] Girona: wood 120, iron 110, defense 5, troops 2/300. Available: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. Can build. Resources good. Could build knights or archers.

[18] Castellon: wood 120, iron 120, defense 5, troops 2/300. Available: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. Can build.

[17] Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 30, defense 20, troops 8/300. Available: 0 spearman, 3 archer, 5 knight. Already marching out: 4 spearmen. So at home we have 8 troops? Actually "troops at home: 8 / 300" and "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 3 archer, 5 knight". So 8 troops total: 3 archers, 5 knights? But also 4 spearmen marching out, so total troops in village including marching? The report says "already marching out (NOT available): 4 spearmen". So those are not at home. So at home: 3 archers, 5 knights = 8. Resources: wood 30, iron 30. Can build? Spearman 15 wood, 0 iron -> can build 2 spearman (30 wood). Archer 20 wood, 10 iron -> can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 20 iron. Knight 30 wood, 30 iron -> can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). So we can build 1 knight or 1 archer or 2 spearman. But we might want to build knights or archers for offense. However, Zaragoza is interior but close to front.

[20] Huesca: wood 120, iron 90, defense 5, troops 2/300. Available: 0 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight. Can build.

[16] Valencia: wood 60, iron 20, defense 15, troops 6/300. Available: 3 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. Resources: wood 60, iron 20. Can build? Spearman 15 wood -> 4 spearman (60 wood). Archer 20 wood, 10 iron -> 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) but iron 20, so max 2 archers, wood 40. Knight 30 wood, 30 iron -> can build 0 knights (not enough iron). So can build archers or spearman.

[13] Teruel: wood 0, iron 0, defense 5, troops 2/300. Available: 0 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight. Resources 0, so cannot build anything this turn. (But produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn? Actually "Each village you hold produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn." So Teruel will produce 30 wood, 20 iron this turn? The report shows current resources: wood 0 (+30/turn), iron 0 (+20/turn). So at start of turn 9, it has 0, but during turn it will produce? The economy rule: "Each village you hold produces resources every turn". Typically, resources are produced at the start of the turn? The report shows current stock and production. So we can use the production for this turn's builds? Usually in these games, you get the production at the beginning of the turn, so you can use it. The report says "wood 0 (+30/turn)" meaning current stock 0, and it will produce 30 this turn. So we can likely use that 30 wood and 20 iron for builds this turn. But careful: "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." So we must consider current stock. If stock is 0, we cannot build until we get production. Usually, production is added at the start of the turn, so we can use it. But the report shows current stock before production? It says "wood 0 (+30/turn)" - likely means current 0, and it will produce 30 this turn. In many similar games, you can use the production immediately. I'll assume we can use the produced resources this turn. So Teruel will have 30 wood, 20 iron available for builds. So we can build something there.

[12] Madrid: wood 50, iron 40, defense 15, troops 6/300. Available: 0 spearman, 6 archer, 0 knight. Resources: wood 50, iron 40. Can build? Spearman 15 wood -> 3 spearman (45 wood). Archer 20 wood, 10 iron -> 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Knight 30 wood, 30 iron -> 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). So we can build.

[19] Pamplona: wood 105, iron 100, defense 8, troops 3/300. Available: 3 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. Resources: wood 105, iron 100. Can build. Spearman 15 wood -> 7 spearman (105 wood). Archer 20 wood, 10 iron -> 5 archers (100 wood, 50 iron). Knight 30 wood, 30 iron -> 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron). So can build a lot.

Now, strategic situation: We hold 10 villages. Enemy has at least [7] Salamanca (enemy) and [0] Lisboa (capital) and possibly others unexplored. We need to expand to reach 18. We have 14 unexplored villages. We need to capture neutral or enemy villages.

Currently visible: [15] Murcia (neutral, 4 archers, def 10), [14] Burgos (neutral, 4 knights, def 10), [7] Salamanca (enemy, 8 archers, 2 knights, def 25), [8] Toledo (neutral, 4 spearmen, def 10).

We have armies on march: 4 spearmen from Zaragoza to Pamplona, arriving in 1 turn. So next turn they will be at Pamplona.

We also have a note from last turn: "This turn we focus on capturing Teruel with 4 archers from Zaragoza. We also send 2 archers to Madrid and 4 spearman to Pamplona to reinforce and prepare for future attacks. We build troops in Zaragoza, Valencia, Madrid, Tarragona, and Pamplona to replenish our forces. Next turn we will attack Burgos from Pamplona with 7 spearman, and we will consider attacking Murcia or Salamanca. Must not forget to move the spearman from Pamplona to Burgos once they are ready."

But that was last turn. Now we are at turn 9. The report says: "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN: - A reinforcement of King A (2 archers, 2 knights) arrived at [7] Salamanca - A reinforcement of King A (2 archers) arrived at [7] Salamanca - You attacked [13] Teruel: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 2 troops) - Your reinforcement (2 archers) arrived at [12] Madrid"

So we captured Teruel last turn. That is now our village. So we have 10 villages including Teruel.

Now we need to decide orders for this turn.

We need to plan builds and movements.

Goal: expand towards enemy. We have Madrid as border village adjacent to Salamanca (enemy) and Burgos (neutral) and Toledo (neutral). We also have Teruel adjacent to Toledo (neutral) and Valencia, Castellon, etc.

We need to capture neutral villages to increase our count. Each neutral village we capture adds to our holdings and gives resources. Also we need to eventually attack enemy villages.

We have 10 villages. To reach 18, we need 8 more. There are 14 unexplored, but some are enemy. We can capture neutrals: Burgos, Toledo, Murcia, and then explore others.

We need to consider enemy movements. Enemy is King A, they have Salamanca reinforced. They might attack us. Our defenses: Madrid has defense 15 (effective), Salamanca is enemy with defense 25. Our border villages: Madrid is border with Salamanca and Burgos. Teruel is interior? Actually Teruel is connected to [8] Toledo (neutral), [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon. So Teruel is not border with enemy? It is connected to Toledo which is neutral, so not direct enemy border. Madrid is border with enemy Salamanca and neutral Burgos, Toledo.

We need to decide where to attack. Burgos is neutral with 4 knights, defense 10. We can attack from Madrid or Pamplona. Madrid is closer (1 turn fast). Pamplona is also connected to Burgos via [19] Pamplona - [14] Burgos? Road: [14] Burgos: [10], [12], [19]. So Pamplona to Burgos: [19] to [14] directly? Yes, road network: [19] Pamplona: [14], [17], [20]. So Pamplona is connected to Burgos. March distance from Pamplona to Burgos? Not given directly, but we can estimate. From Madrid to Burgos: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns (from report: "march from [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Burgos). From Pamplona, likely similar or longer. We have troops in Pamplona: 3 spearman available, and 4 spearmen arriving from Zaragoza. So we could attack Burgos from Pamplona with spearmen. But Burgos has 4 knights. Knights are fast, attack 4, defense 2. Spearman attack 1, defense 2. Spearman counters knight? Counter triangle: spearman counters knight (multiplies force by 1.5). So if we attack with spearmen, we get bonus. But we need enough numbers. Burgos defense 10 (effective, location bonus included). That is the defender's effective defense. When we attack, our troops count their attack. The defender counts defense. The effective defense already includes location bonus. So we need to calculate our effective attack force.

Combat rules: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5. The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."

So if we attack with all spearmen, and defenders are knights, we get counter bonus 1.5x. Our attack force = (number of spearmen * attack 1) * 1.5 = 1.5 per spearman. Defender effective defense is 10. We need our effective force > defender's effective force to win. If tie, defender wins. So we need enough spearmen.

If we attack with 7 spearmen (as last turn plan), attack force = 7 * 1 * 1.5 = 10.5. Defender defense 10. So 10.5 > 10, we win. But we also take losses. "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So we would lose some troops.

But we have 4 spearmen arriving at Pamplona this turn, plus 3 already there = 7 spearmen. So we could send all 7 from Pamplona to Burgos. But march takes time. From Pamplona to Burgos: we need to know travel time. Not given directly. But we can infer from road: [19] to [14] is a direct road. Distance? We can look at other distances: Madrid to Burgos is 1 fast turn. Pamplona to Madrid is 2 fast turns (from report: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" for Pamplona). So Pamplona to Madrid is 1 fast turn? Actually "2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" means 2 slow, 2 medium, 1 fast. So fast travel from Pamplona to Madrid takes 1 turn. Madrid to Burgos takes 1 fast turn. So Pamplona to Burgos via Madrid would be 2 fast turns. But there is a direct road [19]-[14]. The distance might be similar or shorter. Without explicit distance, we can assume it's at least 1-2 turns. But we can also attack from Madrid which is closer.

We have Madrid with 6 archers available. Archers attack 2, defense 2. Against knights? Knight counters archer? Actually knight counters archer? Counter: spearman counters knight, archer counters spearman, knight counters archer. So if we attack with archers against knights, knights counter us, so we get no bonus, and knights get bonus? The rule: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup". If we send all archers, and defenders are knights, then the most numerous type is archers (us) and knights (them). The matchup is archer vs knight: knight counters archer, so the defender gets the counter bonus? The rule says: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't specify if the bonus applies to attacker or defender when the defender has the counter. It says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So if the defender has knights and we have archers, the defender has the counter (knight counters archer), so defender's force is multiplied by 1.5? Or does the attacker get the bonus if they have the counter? The phrasing: "spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't specify attacker or defender. Typically in such games, the counter applies to the unit that has the advantage, regardless of role. So if I attack with archers and defender has knights, the defender's knights counter archers, so defender gets 1.5x? Or does the attacker's archers get countered, so attacker gets penalized? The rule says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So the side that has the counter gets the multiplier. So if defender has knights and attacker has archers, defender has the counter, so defender's force is multiplied by 1.5. That would make attacking with archers against knights very bad.

We need to be careful. Let's read the combat rules again:

"When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs.
Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5.
The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight).
Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital). In the open field (on a road) there is no bonus.
The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER.
The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."

So the counter bonus applies to the side that has the counter. So if we attack a village defended by knights, and we send archers, the defender has knights which counter archers, so defender gets 1.5x multiplier to their defense? Or does the attacker's archers get multiplied? The rule says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So if the defender has the counter, their force (defense) is multiplied. So effective defense = base defense * 1.5 (if they have the counter). But the report already gives "effective defense (location bonus included)". Does that include counter bonus? No, because counter depends on the attacker's army composition, which is not known until we attack. So the effective defense shown is just location bonus, not counter. So we must calculate counter ourselves.

So for Burgos: garrison 4 knights. Effective defense 10 (location bonus included). If we attack with spearmen, we have counter (spearman counters knight), so our attack force gets 1.5x. If we attack with archers, defender has counter (knight counters archer), so defender's defense gets 1.5x? Or does the attacker's archers get countered, so attacker gets no bonus but defender gets bonus? The rule says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So if defender has knights and we have archers, defender has the counter, so defender's force is multiplied by 1.5. So effective defense becomes 10 * 1.5 = 15. That would be bad.

So we should attack Burgos with spearmen to get the counter bonus.

We have spearmen in Pamplona (3) and arriving 4, total 7. Also we have spearmen in other villages: Tarragona 7, Girona 2, Castellon 2, Valencia 3, Teruel 0 (but available 0), Madrid 0, etc. We could gather spearmen at Pamplona or Madrid.

But Madrid to Burgos is 1 fast turn. We could send spearmen from Madrid? Madrid has 0 spearmen available. We could build spearmen at Madrid. Madrid has wood 50, iron 40. Can build up to 3 spearman (45 wood). So we could build 3 spearman this turn, and then next turn send them to Burgos. But we want to attack now.

Alternatively, we could attack from Pamplona with the 7 spearmen. But they need to march. If we send them from Pamplona to Burgos, travel time: we need to know. Since Pamplona is connected directly to Burgos, we can estimate. The report gives march distances from each village to nearest border village. For Pamplona: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". That's to Madrid. To Burgos, it might be similar or different. We don't have exact distance for Pamplona->Burgos. But we can infer from road network: [19] Pamplona to [14] Burgos is one road. The distance might be comparable to Madrid->Burgos (1 fast turn) or longer. Since Pamplona is further west, maybe 2 fast turns? We need to be careful: if we send troops, they will arrive and attack. But the enemy might also move. We need to decide.

We also have the option to attack other neutrals: Murcia (4 archers, def 10) from Valencia (1 fast turn). Or Toledo (4 spearmen, def 10) from Teruel or Madrid.

Let's consider our overall strategy. We need 8 more villages. We can capture Burgos, Toledo, Murcia, and then explore unexplored ones. There are 10 unexplored: [11] Cordoba, [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto, [10] Vigo, [3] Coimbra, [9] Sevilha, [5] Faro, [1] Santarem, [0] Lisboa, [2] Evora. Some of these are enemy (King A). We don't know their garrisons. But we can attack neutral ones first to build strength.

We should also consider that enemy might attack us. They have Salamanca with 8 archers, 2 knights, def 25. They could attack Madrid or other border villages. We need to defend Madrid. Madrid currently has 6 archers, def 15. If enemy attacks, they might send troops. We could reinforce Madrid.

Let's think about building. We have many villages that can build. We should build troops to increase our army. We need to decide what to build where.

We have 40 soldiers at home + 4 marching. We need to grow.

We should build spearman and archers because they are cheaper. Knights are expensive but powerful. We have iron limited in some villages.

Let's list each village's build capacity considering resources and cap (300). None are near cap.

We can build this turn:

- Barcelona: can build up to 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron) or many archers (6 archers: 120 wood, 60 iron) or spearman (8 spearman: 120 wood, 0 iron). But Barcelona is far from front. Might be better to build archers or knights to send to front. But travel time is long. Maybe build for defense or later.

- Tarragona: wood 60, iron 110. Can build 4 spearman (60 wood), or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron), or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Since it's interior, maybe build knights or archers to send to Madrid or Zaragoza.

- Girona: wood 120, iron 110. Can build 4 knights (120 wood, 120 iron) but iron 110, so 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron) or 6 archers (120 wood, 60 iron) or 8 spearman (120 wood). Good for building.

- Castellon: wood 120, iron 120. Can build 4 knights (120 wood, 120 iron) or 6 archers (120 wood, 60 iron) or 8 spearman.

- Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 30. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood), or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron), or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Limited.

- Huesca: wood 120, iron 90. Can build 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron) or 6 archers (120 wood, 60 iron) or 8 spearman.

- Valencia: wood 60, iron 20. Can build 4 spearman (60 wood), or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron), or 0 knights.

- Teruel: wood 0 (+30), iron 0 (+20). Assuming we can use production, we have 30 wood, 20 iron. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood), or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron), or 0 knights (need 30 iron).

- Madrid: wood 50, iron 40. Can build 3 spearman (45 wood), or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron), or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).

- Pamplona: wood 105, iron 100. Can build 7 spearman (105 wood), or 5 archers (100 wood, 50 iron), or 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron).

We need to decide what to build and where to send.

We also need to consider that we have 4 spearmen marching from Zaragoza to Pamplona, arriving next turn. So Pamplona will have 3 existing + 4 arriving = 7 spearmen available next turn. We could order them to attack Burgos this turn? They are marching, so they are not available this turn. We can only send troops that are currently at home. So for this turn's movements, we can only send from villages where troops are available now.

Available to send now:
- Barcelona: 1 knight
- Tarragona: 7 spearman, 1 archer
- Girona: 2 spearman
- Castellon: 2 spearman
- Zaragoza: 3 archer, 5 knight (but 4 spearmen are marching out, so not available)
- Huesca: 2 archer
- Valencia: 3 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight
- Teruel: 2 archer
- Madrid: 6 archer
- Pamplona: 3 spearman

Also, we have the 4 spearmen marching from Zaragoza to Pamplona; they will arrive next turn, so we can't send them this turn.

We need to decide movements for this turn.

Possible attacks:
- Attack Burgos from Madrid or Pamplona. Madrid has 0 spearman, but we could send archers? Not good against knights. We could build spearman at Madrid this turn, but they wouldn't be ready until next turn? Build takes 1 turn: "ready in 1 turn." So if we build this turn, they will be available next turn. So we could build spearman at Madrid and send them next turn. But we might want to attack now.

- Attack Burgos from Pamplona with 3 spearman available now. But 3 spearman might not be enough. Let's calculate: 3 spearman attack vs 4 knights defense. Effective defense of Burgos is 10 (location bonus included). Our attack: spearman attack 1 each, total 3. Counter: spearman counters knight, so we get 1.5x multiplier? Wait, the counter bonus applies to the side that has the counter. Since we have spearman and they have knights, we have the counter (spearman counters knight). So our attack force is multiplied by 1.5. So effective attack = 3 * 1 * 1.5 = 4.5. Defender effective defense = 10 (but does defender get any counter? They have knights, we have spearman, so they do not counter us; spearman is not countered by knight. So no bonus for defender). So 4.5 vs 10, we lose badly. So 3 spearman are not enough. We need more.

If we send 7 spearman from Tarragona? But Tarragona is far from Burgos. Tarragona to Burgos: road? Tarragona [21] connects to [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [22] Barcelona. To get to Burgos, need to go through Zaragoza, Madrid, etc. Long march.

We could gather spearman from multiple villages, but they fight separately. "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So we cannot combine forces from different villages to attack the same target in one turn; they would arrive separately and fight sequentially. That means we need a single village to have enough troops to win a battle.

So we need to build up a single village's garrison to attack a target.

We could use Madrid as a staging point. Madrid has 6 archers now. We could build spearman there, and also send reinforcements from other villages to Madrid (which is our own village, so they join the garrison). Then from Madrid we can attack Burgos or Salamanca.

Madrid currently has 6 archers. We could send spearman from other villages to Madrid to reinforce. For example, send spearman from Tarragona (7) to Madrid? Tarragona to Madrid: march distance? "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" for Tarragona. So 2 slow turns? Actually "2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" means if we send slow troops (spearman), it takes 2 turns; medium (archer) 2 turns; fast (knight) 1 turn. So sending spearman from Tarragona to Madrid takes 2 turns. They would arrive on turn 11. That's far.

We could send from closer villages: Zaragoza to Madrid is 1 slow turn (from report: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Zaragoza). So spearman from Zaragoza would take 1 turn. But Zaragoza currently has 0 spearman available (they are marching out). We could build spearman at Zaragoza this turn, and then next turn send them to Madrid. Or we could send the 3 archers or 5 knights from Zaragoza to Madrid? But we might want to keep them.

Pamplona to Madrid: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. So spearman from Pamplona take 2 turns.

Valencia to Madrid: 3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns.

So the closest to Madrid is Zaragoza (1 turn) and then maybe Teruel? Teruel to Madrid: not directly connected? Road: [13] Teruel connects to [8] Toledo, [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon. Not directly to Madrid. To get to Madrid, need to go through Zaragoza or Toledo. So longer.

So Madrid can be reinforced from Zaragoza in 1 turn.

But we also have the option to attack from Pamplona directly to Burgos. If we can get enough spearman to Pamplona, we can attack Burgos. Pamplona has 3 spearman now, and 4 arriving next turn from Zaragoza. So next turn Pamplona will have 7 spearman. That might be enough to attack Burgos. Let's calculate: 7 spearman attack vs 4 knights defense. Effective attack = 7 * 1 * 1.5 = 10.5. Defender effective defense = 10. So 10.5 > 10, we win. But we take losses. The winner takes losses equal to the loser's effective force? "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So our losses will be based on their effective force. Their effective force: they have 4 knights. Knight attack 4, defense 2. But when defending, they count defense. Their effective defense is 10 (including location bonus). But for attrition, we lose troops equal to the loser's effective force? The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So if we win, we lose some troops. The loser's effective force is the effective attack? Or effective defense? Typically attrition is based on the loser's attack power. The rule says "attrition against the loser's effective force". It might mean the loser's effective attack or defense? Usually in these games, the winner takes losses equal to the loser's attack power (or effective attack). But the rule is vague. Let's read carefully: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER. The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So the loser has an effective force (the force they brought to battle). For defender, their effective force is their effective defense? Or their attack? In combat, both sides have attack and defense. The attacker counts attack, defender counts defense. So the "effective force" for attacker is their attack (with counter), for defender is their defense (with counter). So when they say "loser's effective force", it means the effective force that the loser used in that battle. So if we attack and win, the loser is the defender, so their effective force is their effective defense. So we take losses equal to their effective defense? That would be 10 troops lost? That seems high. But maybe it's proportional? Actually, "attrition against the loser's effective force" might mean we lose a number of troops equal to the loser's effective force divided by something? The rule doesn't specify a divisor. In many similar games, losses are equal to the loser's effective force divided by the winner's effective force, or something. But here it just says "takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)". It might mean that the winner's force is reduced by the loser's effective force? That would be devastating. Let's look at the example from last turn: "You attacked [13] Teruel: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 2 troops)". Teruel was neutral with some garrison. We attacked with what? Last turn we sent 4 archers from Zaragoza? The note said: "This turn we focus on capturing Teruel with 4 archers from Zaragoza." So we sent 4 archers. Teruel had garrison? It was neutral, but we don't know its garrison from the report. It says "garrison: 4 archers"? Actually in the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" section, Teruel is not listed because we already own it. But before we captured it, it was neutral. The report from last turn might have shown its garrison. We don't have that. But we lost 2 troops. So if we attacked with 4 archers and lost 2, that suggests losses are significant. So we need to be careful.

Given that, attacking Burgos with 7 spearmen might result in losing some spearmen. But we can afford it if we have reinforcements.

Alternatively, we could attack a weaker neutral. For example, Murcia has 4 archers, def 10. If we attack with spearmen? Archers counter spearman? Actually, if we attack with spearmen against archers, archers counter spearman, so defender gets counter bonus. So we should attack archers with knights? Knight counters archer. Or attack with archers? Archer vs archer: no counter? The counter triangle: archer counters spearman, knight counters archer, spearman counters knight. So archer vs archer: no counter. So if we attack Murcia (4 archers) with archers, no counter. Our attack: archers attack 2 each. Defender defense: archers defense 2, but location bonus already in effective defense 10. So if we send 6 archers from Madrid, attack = 6*2 = 12. Defender effective defense = 10. 12 > 10, we win. But we might take losses.

If we attack with knights: knight counters archer, so our attack gets 1.5x. Knight attack 4. So 1 knight attack = 4*1.5=6. 2 knights = 12. So 2 knights could win. But we have limited knights.

We need to consider which attack is most efficient.

We also have Toledo (4 spearmen, def 10). Spearman vs spearman: no counter. Attack with archers: archer counters spearman, so we get 1.5x. Archer attack 2. So 6 archers: 6*2*1.5 = 18 > 10, easy win. Or with knights: knight vs spearman: spearman counters knight? Actually spearman counters knight, so if we attack with knights against spearman, defender has counter, so defender gets 1.5x? Wait: spearman counters knight. So if defender has spearman and we attack with knights, defender has the counter, so defender's defense is multiplied by 1.5. That would be bad. So against spearman, we should use archers (since archer counters spearman). So to attack Toledo, archers are good.

We have many archers available: Madrid 6, Zaragoza 3, Valencia 1, Huesca 2, Teruel 2, etc. We could gather archers at Madrid or Teruel to attack Toledo. Toledo is connected to Madrid ([12] Madrid - [8] Toledo) and to Teruel ([13] Teruel - [8] Toledo). From Madrid, distance to Toledo: 1 slow/medium/fast turn? The report says for Madrid: "march from [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Burgos? Actually it says "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" for Barcelona. For Madrid itself, we need to see distances to other villages. The report gives distances from each village to its nearest border village. For Madrid, it is a border village itself, so we don't have that line. But we can see in the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" section: "[8] Toledo | NEUTRAL | ... march from [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". And "[14] Burgos | NEUTRAL | ... march from [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So from Madrid to Burgos is 1 turn for all speeds. From Teruel to Toledo is 1 turn. From Madrid to Toledo? Not given, but since Madrid and Toledo are connected directly ([12]-[8]), and Madrid to Burgos is 1 turn, likely Madrid to Toledo is also 1 turn (they are similar distance). So we can attack Toledo from Madrid or Teruel in 1 turn.

We also have the option to attack Salamanca (enemy). It has 8 archers, 2 knights, def 25. That's tough. We might want to avoid attacking it directly until we have more forces. But we could attack it to weaken enemy. However, taking it is not required to win. We just need 18 villages. So we can focus on capturing neutrals.

Let's list all villages and their status:

Our villages (10): 12 Madrid, 13 Teruel, 16 Valencia, 17 Zaragoza, 18 Castellon, 19 Pamplona, 20 Huesca, 21 Tarragona, 22 Barcelona, 23 Girona.

Neutral visible (4): 14 Burgos, 15 Murcia, 8 Toledo, and also? Actually we see 4: 15 Murcia, 14 Burgos, 7 Salamanca (enemy), 8 Toledo. So 3 neutrals visible.

Unexplored (10): 11 Cordoba, 4 Badajoz, 6 Porto, 10 Vigo, 3 Coimbra, 9 Sevilha, 5 Faro, 1 Santarem, 0 Lisboa (enemy capital), 2 Evora.

We need 8 more villages to reach 18. We can capture the 3 visible neutrals, that would give 13. Then we need 5 more from unexplored. Some unexplored might be neutral, some enemy. We need to explore to find them.

We can send armies to unexplored villages to attack and reveal them. But we need to be careful because they might have garrisons.

We should also consider that the enemy might attack us. They have Salamanca with 8 archers, 2 knights. They could attack Madrid or other border villages. We should defend Madrid. Madrid currently has 6 archers, def 15. If enemy attacks with, say, 8 archers and 2 knights, we need to see if we can hold. But we can reinforce Madrid.

Let's think about our immediate moves for this turn.

We need to issue build orders and movement orders.

Build orders: We should build troops to increase our army. We have many villages with resources. We should build spearman and archers because they are cheaper and effective. Knights are good but expensive. We might want to build some knights for offensive power.

Let's decide on a strategy: Focus on capturing Toledo and Burgos this turn or next. We can attack Toledo from Madrid or Teruel with archers. We can attack Burgos from Pamplona with spearmen (next turn after reinforcements arrive). We also want to capture Murcia from Valencia.

We need to move troops to staging villages.

For Toledo: We can send archers from Madrid. Madrid has 6 archers. We could send all 6 to attack Toledo. But we might want to keep some in Madrid for defense. If we send all 6, Madrid would be empty except for any reinforcements. But Madrid produces resources and can build. We could build more archers at Madrid this turn. Let's see: Madrid wood 50, iron 40. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 3 spearman (45 wood) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). If we send all 6 archers, we have 0 left. Then we could build 2 archers this turn, so next turn we have 2. But if enemy attacks, Madrid would have only 2 archers, which might not hold. But maybe enemy won't attack this turn.

Alternatively, we could send only some archers and keep some for defense.

For Burgos: We need spearmen. Pamplona will have 7 spearmen next turn (3 now + 4 arriving). We could order those 4 spearmen currently marching to Pamplona to instead go to Burgos? They are already marching from Zaragoza to Pamplona. We can't change their destination mid-march? The orders are simultaneous: we write orders for this turn over the current snapshot. The 4 spearmen are already on the march from Zaragoza to Pamplona, arriving in 1 turn. We cannot change that order; they are already committed. So they will arrive at Pamplona next turn. Then next turn we can order them from Pamplona to Burgos. So Burgos attack is for next turn.

For Murcia: Murcia is neutral with 4 archers, def 10. We can attack from Valencia. Valencia has 3 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. To attack archers, knights are good (counter). 2 knights from Valencia: attack = 2*4*1.5 = 12 > 10, win. Or we could send archers: 1 archer attack 2, not enough. Spearman vs archer: archer counters spearman, so defender gets counter? Actually if we attack with spearman against archers, defender has archers which counter spearman, so defender gets 1.5x to defense? That would be bad. So we should use knights or archers (no counter). 2 knights is good. But we might want to keep knights for later. Alternatively, we could send 3 spearman? No. We could send 1 archer + something? Not enough. So we could send 2 knights from Valencia to Murcia. Distance: Valencia to Murcia: "march from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Murcia. So knights (fast) take 1 turn. So they would arrive next turn and fight. That's good.

But we might also want to send troops from other villages to Murcia? No, they fight separately.

So possible movements this turn:
- From Valencia: send 2 knights to Murcia (attack).
- From Madrid: send some archers to Toledo (attack). Maybe 6 archers? But we need to consider if we want to keep some in Madrid. We could send 4 archers and keep 2. Or send all 6 and rely on builds.
- From Pamplona: we could send the 3 spearman somewhere? They could go to Burgos, but 3 is not enough. They could go to Madrid to reinforce? But Pamplona to Madrid is 2 turns. Or they could stay.
- From Zaragoza: we have 3 archers, 5 knights. We could send them to Madrid to reinforce (1 turn). Or we could build and send later.
- We also have 4 spearmen arriving at Pamplona next turn; we could order them to go to Burgos next turn.

We also need to consider building. We should build troops to replenish and grow.

Let's think about the end goal: 18 villages. We have 10. We need 8 more. The neutrals we can see: Burgos, Toledo, Murcia (3). That would make 13. Then we need 5 more from unexplored. Unexplored includes likely some neutrals and enemy villages. We need to explore and capture them.

We should also consider that the enemy capital Lisboa is not required, but we might need to eliminate enemy villages to win if we can't hold 18. But holding 18 for 2 turns is probably easier.

So we need to expand quickly.

Let's plan this turn's orders:

Builds:
We need to build troops in many villages. We should focus on building spearman and archers because they are cheaper. Knights are good but we have limited iron in some places.

Let's list builds we can do:

- Barcelona: build 3 knights? Or 6 archers? Since it's far, maybe build archers to send to front later. But travel time is long. Maybe build for defense or to send to Tarragona/Zaragoza. Actually, Barcelona is connected to Tarragona (1 turn? [22] to [21] is direct? Road: [21] Tarragona: [17], [18], [22]. So Barcelona to Tarragona is 1 turn. So we could build in Barcelona and send to Tarragona, then to Zaragoza/Madrid. But that's multiple turns. We might want to build closer to the front.

- Tarragona: build 4 spearman (60 wood) or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Since we need spearman for Burgos, maybe build spearman here? But Tarragona is far from Burgos. We could build archers to send to Madrid.

- Girona: build 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron) or 6 archers (120 wood, 60 iron) or 8 spearman (120 wood). Good for building.

- Castellon: similar.

- Zaragoza: build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Since Zaragoza is close to Madrid, we could build spearman to send to Madrid.

- Huesca: build 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron) or 6 archers (120 wood, 60 iron) or 8 spearman.

- Valencia: build 4 spearman (60 wood) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Since we are sending 2 knights to Murcia, we might want to rebuild them. But knights cost 30 iron each, and Valencia only has 20 iron, so cannot build knights this turn. So we can build spearman or archers.

- Teruel: with production, can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Since we might want to attack Toledo from Teruel, we could build archers there.

- Madrid: build 3 spearman (45 wood) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). If we send archers to Toledo, we might want to build more archers to replace.

- Pamplona: build 7 spearman (105 wood) or 5 archers (100 wood, 50 iron) or 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron). Since we need spearman for Burgos, building spearman here is good.

We need to decide what to build where to maximize our ability to capture villages.

Let's consider the attacks we want to do this turn or next:

This turn we can attack:
- Murcia from Valencia with 2 knights (1 turn).
- Toledo from Madrid or Teruel with archers (1 turn).
- Maybe Burgos from Pamplona? But we only have 3 spearman there now, not enough. We could send them to attack something else? Or we could send them to Madrid to reinforce.

If we attack Toledo from Madrid with 6 archers, we might win but take losses. Let's calculate: Toledo garrison: 4 spearmen, effective defense 10. We attack with 6 archers. Archer attack 2 each, total 12. Counter: archer counters spearman, so we get 1.5x? Wait: archer counters spearman. So if we have archers and defender has spearman, we have the counter. So our effective attack = 6 * 2 * 1.5 = 18. Defender effective defense = 10 (they don't get counter because we are archers, they are spearman; spearman does not counter archer). So 18 vs 10, we win easily. Losses: we take attrition against loser's effective force. Loser is defender, their effective force is their effective defense? Or their attack? They have 4 spearmen, attack 1 each, but they are defending so they use defense. Their effective defense is 10. So we might lose some troops. But with such a large margin, maybe we lose few. Last turn we attacked Teruel with 4 archers and lost 2. That might have been closer. Here we have 18 vs 10, so maybe we lose 1 or 2. We can afford it.

If we attack from Teruel: Teruel has 2 archers available. Not enough. We could build more at Teruel this turn (1 archer) and send 3? But 3 archers: 3*2*1.5=9 < 10, might not win (tie goes to defender). So we need at least 4 archers to get 12 (4*2*1.5=12 > 10). So from Teruel we would need 4 archers. We have 2 now, can build 1 this turn (if we use production), so next turn we'd have 3. Not enough. So Madrid is better for Toledo attack.

What about attacking Burgos from Pamplona? We need 7 spearmen. We have 3 now, 4 arriving next turn. So next turn we can attack. This turn we could send the 3 spearmen to somewhere else or keep them.

What about attacking Salamanca? It's enemy, def 25, 8 archers, 2 knights. Too strong.

What about exploring unexplored villages? We can send troops to unexplored villages to attack and reveal them. But we need to choose which ones. We can see the road network. Unexplored villages connected to our villages or visible villages:

- [11] Cordoba: connected to [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia. We could attack after capturing Toledo or Murcia.
- [4] Badajoz: connected to [1] Santarem, [5] Faro, [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha. So it's near Salamanca and Toledo.
- [6] Porto: connected to [3] Coimbra, [7] Salamanca, [10] Vigo.
- [10] Vigo: connected to [6] Porto, [14] Burgos.
- [3] Coimbra: connected to [1] Santarem, [6] Porto, [7] Salamanca.
- [9] Sevilha: connected to [4] Badajoz, [5] Faro, [11] Cordoba.
- [5] Faro: connected to [2] Evora, [4] Badajoz, [9] Sevilha.
- [1] Santarem: connected to [0] Lisboa, [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz.
- [0] Lisboa: enemy capital, connected to [1], [2].
- [2] Evora: connected to [0], [5].

We can attack these unexplored villages. They might be neutral or enemy. We don't know their garrisons. But we can try to attack with a small force to see what happens, or send a strong force to capture.

Since we need 8 more villages, we should start capturing the ones we can reach.

From our current positions, we can reach:
- From Madrid: Burgos (1 turn), Toledo (1 turn), Salamanca (1 turn). Also Badajoz? Madrid is not directly connected to Badajoz. Road: Madrid [12] connects to [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza. So from Madrid we can only directly attack Salamanca, Toledo, Burgos.
- From Teruel: Toledo (1 turn), Valencia, Zaragoza, Castellon. So can attack Toledo.
- From Valencia: Murcia (1 turn), Teruel, Castellon, Zaragoza? Actually Valencia [16] connects to [13] Teruel, [15] Murcia, [18] Castellon. So can attack Murcia.
- From Zaragoza: Madrid (1 turn), Teruel, Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona? Actually Zaragoza [17] connects to [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona. So can attack Madrid (our own), but also can attack Huesca (our own), etc. No direct neutral/enemy from Zaragoza except through others.
- From Pamplona: Burgos (direct? [19] to [14] is a road), and Madrid, Zaragoza, Huesca. So can attack Burgos.
- From Huesca: Zaragoza, Pamplona, Girona. No direct neutral.
- From Tarragona: Zaragoza, Castellon, Barcelona. No direct neutral.
- From Barcelona: Tarragona, Girona. No.
- From Girona: Huesca, Barcelona. No.

So the only direct attacks we can make this turn on neutrals are:
- Madrid -> Burgos or Toledo
- Teruel -> Toledo
- Valencia -> Murcia
- Pamplona -> Burgos

We can also attack enemy Salamanca from Madrid.

We need to decide which to do.

We have limited troops in each village. Let's evaluate each option:

Option 1: Attack Burgos from Madrid. Madrid has 0 spearman, 6 archer. Archers vs knights: knights counter archers, so defender gets counter bonus. Effective defense of Burgos becomes 10 * 1.5 = 15 (if defender has counter). Our attack: 6 archers * 2 = 12. 12 vs 15, we lose. So not good.

Option 2: Attack Burgos from Pamplona. Pamplona has 3 spearman. 3 spearman vs 4 knights: we have counter (spearman counters knight), so our attack = 3*1*1.5 = 4.5. Defender defense 10. 4.5 < 10, we lose. So not enough.

Option 3: Attack Toledo from Madrid. Madrid has 6 archers. As calculated, 6 archers vs 4 spearmen: we have counter (archer counters spearman), attack = 6*2*1.5 = 18, defense 10, we win. So this is a good attack.

Option 4: Attack Toledo from Teruel. Teruel has 2 archers. 2*2*1.5=6 < 10, lose. Not enough.

Option 5: Attack Murcia from Valencia. Valencia has 2 knights, 1 archer, 3 spearman. We can send 2 knights. Knights vs archers: knight counters archer, so we have counter. Attack = 2*4*1.5 = 12. Defense 10. 12 > 10, win. So good.

Option 6: Attack Salamanca from Madrid. Too strong.

So we can do two attacks this turn: Toledo from Madrid (with 6 archers) and Murcia from Valencia (with 2 knights). Both should win.

But we need to consider if we want to keep some troops for defense or future attacks. If we send all 6 archers from Madrid, Madrid will have 0 archers. But we can build more. Also, Madrid might be attacked by enemy. If enemy attacks Madrid this turn, they would face whatever garrison we leave. If we leave 0, they would win easily. But we don't know if enemy will attack. They might. We should leave some defense. We could send only 4 archers from Madrid to Toledo, and keep 2. Let's see if 4 archers can win: 4*2*1.5 = 12 > 10, win. So we can send 4 and keep 2. Or we could send 5 and keep 1. We need to decide.

Also, after capturing Toledo, it becomes our village. It will have some troops? When we capture a neutral village, we take it over, and its garrison is replaced by our troops? Actually, when we attack and win, we capture the village. The garrison of the defender is destroyed? The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So the defender's troops are likely eliminated or captured. We then occupy the village. We can leave troops there or not. Typically, the village becomes ours with no troops initially, and we can send reinforcements later.

For Murcia: sending 2 knights from Valencia. Valencia has 2 knights, so if we send both, Valencia will have 0 knights. But we can build more? Valencia cannot build knights this turn (iron 20, need 30). So we would lose our only knights. But we can build spearman or archers. Maybe we want to keep 1 knight? If we send 1 knight: attack = 1*4*1.5 = 6 < 10, lose. So we need at least 2 knights to win. So we must send both. That leaves Valencia with 3 spearman, 1 archer. That might be okay for defense.

Alternatively, we could send 3 spearman? Spearman vs archers: archers counter spearman, so defender gets counter, defense becomes 10*1.5=15? Actually, if we attack with spearman and defender has archers, defender has counter (archer counters spearman), so defender's effective defense is multiplied by 1.5. So 10*1.5=15. Our attack: 3 spearman *1 = 3, lose. So not good.

We could send 1 archer + something? Not enough.

So we likely need to send 2 knights.

What about attacking from other villages? We could send troops from Zaragoza to Madrid to reinforce Madrid, then attack from Madrid. But that takes time.

Let's think about building. We need to rebuild our forces. We lost 2 troops last turn. We have 40 at home + 4 marching.

We should build in all villages that have resources, to increase our numbers. We should prioritize building spearman and archers because they are cheaper and we need numbers to hold 18 villages.

Let's decide on builds for this turn:

- Barcelona: build 6 archers (120 wood, 60 iron) -> but iron 90, so can build 6 archers (60 iron) or 3 knights (90 iron). Since Barcelona is far, maybe build archers to send later. Or build knights for later. I'll build 6 archers.

- Tarragona: build 4 spearman (60 wood) or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Since we need spearman for Burgos, maybe build spearman here to send to Pamplona or Madrid? But travel long. Maybe build archers to send to Madrid. Let's build 4 spearman? Actually, we can build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). I think building archers is good because we can use them to attack Toledo or reinforce Madrid. But we are already sending archers from Madrid to Toledo. We might want to build more archers in Madrid to replace. Let's build 2 archers at Tarragona? But they would take 2 turns to reach Madrid. Maybe build 4 spearman to send to Pamplona? That would take many turns. Let's hold on Tarragona: build 3 archers? Actually, we have wood 60, so max 3 archers (60 wood) or 4 spearman (60 wood). I'll build 4 spearman because they are cheaper in iron and we might need them for Burgos. But we need to send them to Pamplona. Tarragona to Pamplona: Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> Pamplona? Road: Tarragona [21] to Zaragoza [17] (1 turn?), then Zaragoza to Pamplona [19] (1 turn?). So 2 turns. That's okay. We can send them after they are built.

- Girona: build 6 archers (120 wood, 60 iron) or 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron) or 8 spearman (120 wood). Let's build 6 archers. They can be sent to Zaragoza or Madrid later.

- Castellon: similar. Build 6 archers (120 wood, 60 iron) or 8 spearman. Let's build 8 spearman? Or 6 archers. Since we need both, maybe build 6 archers.

- Zaragoza: build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). We have 4 spearmen marching out, so we are losing troops. Let's build 2 spearman to replace. Or build 1 knight? We might want to build knights for future. But iron is 30, so 1 knight uses all iron. Let's build 2 spearman and 1 archer? We can only build one type per order? The build order allows multiple types? The JSON example shows one type per village. But we can issue multiple build orders for the same village? The schema says: "build": [ {"villageId": <id>, "type": <...>, "quantity": <n>} ]. It doesn't say we can't have multiple entries for the same village. But typically you can only build one type per turn per village? The rules: "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." It doesn't restrict multiple types. But to be safe, we can issue one build per village, or multiple. I think we can build multiple types if we have resources. Let's assume we can build multiple types in one village by issuing separate orders. But the JSON structure is a list of objects, so we can have multiple objects with same villageId. I'll do that if needed.

- Huesca: build 6 archers (120 wood, 60 iron) or 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron) or 8 spearman. Let's build 8 spearman? Or 6 archers. I'll build 6 archers.

- Valencia: build 4 spearman (60 wood) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Since we are sending 2 knights, we might want to build spearman to defend. Let's build 4 spearman.

- Teruel: with production, can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Let's build 2 spearman.

- Madrid: build 3 spearman (45 wood) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Since we are sending archers to Toledo, we might want to build more archers. Let's build 2 archers (to replace those we send) and maybe 1 spearman? But wood 50, so we can do 2 archers (40 wood) and 1 spearman (15 wood) total 55 wood > 50, so not enough. We can do 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) and have 10 wood left, but can't build spearman with 10 wood. Or build 3 spearman (45 wood) and have 5 wood left. Let's build 3 spearman for defense, since Madrid might need spearman for counter against enemy knights.

- Pamplona: build 7 spearman (105 wood) or 5 archers (100 wood, 50 iron) or 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron). Since we need spearman for Burgos, let's build 7 spearman. But we already have 3 there, and 4 arriving next turn, so next turn we'll have 14 spearman? Actually, if we build 7 this turn, they will be available next turn? Build takes 1 turn, so they are ready this turn? "ready in 1 turn" means if we order build this turn, they are available at the end of this turn? Typically in these games, builds are completed at the end of the turn, so they can be used for movement in the same turn? The rules: "spearman: costs 15 wood + 0 iron, ready in 1 turn." And "Each troop type has its own speed... march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns". So building and marching are separate. Usually, you order builds and movements simultaneously. The troops you build this turn are not available to send this turn; they will be available next turn. The report says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: ..." which lists troops already built. So if we build this turn, they will be available next turn. So we should build troops for next turn's movements.

So for this turn's movements, we can only send troops that are currently available.

Thus, our movements this turn are limited to what we have at home now.

Let's finalize movements for this turn:

We will attack:
- Toledo from Madrid: send 4 archers (keep 2 for defense). Or send all 6? Let's send 4 archers to minimize loss of defense. But we need to ensure victory. 4 archers: attack 4*2*1.5=12 > 10, win. So send 4 archers from Madrid to Toledo.
- Murcia from Valencia: send 2 knights. That uses all knights in Valencia. We'll keep the 3 spearman and 1 archer for defense.

What about other movements? We could send reinforcements to Madrid from other villages to prepare for future attacks or defense. For example, send the 3 archers from Zaragoza to Madrid? Zaragoza has 3 archers, 5 knights. We could send them to Madrid to reinforce. Madrid is 1 turn away. So if we send 3 archers from Zaragoza to Madrid, they will arrive next turn. That would help Madrid's defense. Or we could send the 5 knights from Zaragoza to Madrid? Knights are fast, 1 turn. They would reinforce Madrid. But we might want to keep knights for offensive actions later. However, Madrid is a border village; reinforcing it is good.

We could also send the 3 spearman from Pamplona to Burgos? But 3 is not enough to win. They could go to Madrid? Pamplona to Madrid is 2 turns. Not urgent.

We could send the 7 spearman from Tarragona to somewhere? They are in Tarragona, but we haven't built them yet; they are available now? Tarragona has 7 spearman available now. We could send them to Zaragoza (1 turn? Tarragona to Zaragoza: road [21] to [17] is direct? Yes, distance? Not given, but likely 1 turn). Then from Zaragoza to Madrid next turn. That would take 2 turns to reach Madrid. We could send them directly to Madrid? Tarragona to Madrid: not directly connected; must go through Zaragoza. So 2 turns. We could send them to Zaragoza this turn, then next turn to Madrid.

But we need to think about our attack on Burgos. We need spearman at Pamplona. Pamplona has 3 spearman now, and 4 arriving from Zaragoza next turn. So next turn Pamplona will have 7. We could also send more spearman to Pamplona to have even more for Burgos. But 7 is enough to win against Burgos (10.5 vs 10). We might want to send the 3 spearman from Pamplona to Burgos this turn? But 3 is not enough; they would lose. So we should wait until we have 7.

We could send the 3 spearman from Pamplona to Madrid to reinforce? But that takes 2 turns, and they are spearman, which Madrid doesn't have currently. Madrid could use them for defense against knights? Spearman counters knights, so if enemy sends knights to Madrid, having spearman would help. But we can build spearman in Madrid this turn (3 spearman) for next turn. So maybe we don't need to send from Pamplona.

Let's consider the enemy's possible moves. The enemy has Salamanca with 8 archers, 2 knights. They might attack Madrid. If they attack Madrid, they might send those troops. Madrid currently has 6 archers (if we send 4 to Toledo, we leave 2). If we also build 2 archers this turn, next turn Madrid will have 4 archers (2 left + 2 built). But if enemy attacks next turn, they might have more. We should reinforce Madrid. We can send troops from Zaragoza (1 turn) and from Madrid's own build.

Zaragoza has 3 archers and 5 knights. We could send the 5 knights to Madrid. Knights are fast, 1 turn. They would arrive next turn. That would give Madrid 5 knights, which are good against archers? Knight counters archer. If enemy attacks with archers, our knights would counter them. So sending knights from Zaragoza to Madrid is a good defensive move.

Alternatively, we could send the 3 archers from Zaragoza to Madrid. Archers are good against spearman, but enemy has mostly archers. So knights might be better.

But we also might want to use Zaragoza's knights for offense. However, offense requires gathering forces, which takes time. Defending Madrid is important to prevent enemy from breaking our border.

Let's decide: Send 5 knights from Zaragoza to Madrid. That will reinforce Madrid significantly. Zaragoza will be left with 3 archers. That's okay.

What about the 4 spearmen marching from Zaragoza to Pamplona? They will arrive next turn. We can't change that.

What about the 3 spearman in Pamplona? We could send them to Burgos to attack, but they are too few. We could send them to Madrid? But they would take 2 turns. Maybe we should keep them in Pamplona to combine with the arriving 4 for a total of 7 next turn, then attack Burgos. So we do nothing with them this turn.

What about the 7 spearman in Tarragona? We could send them to Zaragoza to then go to Madrid? But that's 2 turns. Or we could send them to Pamplona? Tarragona to Pamplona: Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> Pamplona, 2 turns. That would reinforce Pamplona for the Burgos attack. But we already have 7 at Pamplona next turn. Adding more might be overkill. We could send them to Madrid instead? They would take 2 turns via Zaragoza. But Madrid is closer to Zaragoza (1 turn from Zaragoza). So we could send them
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
REFORCO [3] Coimbra dono A: 3S+3A
REFORCO [3] Coimbra dono A: 1S
COMBATE [10] Vigo: atacante A Fatk=12 (ef 18) Fdef=8 (ef 10) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~3
REFORCO [7] Salamanca dono A: 2A+2K
REFORCO [7] Salamanca dono A: 2A
REFORCO [4] Badajoz dono A: 2A
REFORCO [3] Coimbra dono A: 2S
REFORCO [5] Faro dono A: 1A
COMBATE [13] Teruel: atacante B Fatk=8 (ef 12) Fdef=8 (ef 10) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~3
REFORCO [12] Madrid dono B: 2A
placar: A 9 ald/tropas 19 | B 10 ald/tropas 40 | neutras 5 | transito 7 (A 6 | B 1)

########## TURNO 10 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3844 | resposta 10600 | raciocinio 7654 | finish stop | ms 100858
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 12, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 10, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 7, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 12, \"toId\": 8, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 5, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 4, \"toId\": 9, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 3, \"archer\": 4, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 10, \"toId\": 14, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 3, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 2}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Conquer Toledo, Sevilha, and Burgos this turn to expand our territory to 13 villages. Use Madrid's archers and knight to attack Toledo (counter bonus), Badajoz's mixed force to attack Sevilha, and Vigo's spearmen and knights to attack Burgos (counter bonus). After conquering these, consolidate our hold by building up troops in the new villages and preparing to push east towards Zaragoza and the enemy capital.\",\n  \"statement\": \"King A launches a massive three-pronged attack this turn! Madrid's archers and knights strike Toledo, Badajoz's forces assault Sevilha, and Vigo's spearmen and knights ride to conquer Burgos. With the counter triangle bonuses on our side, we expect swift victories to secure three new villages and bring us closer to our goal of 18 villages!\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A in a turn-based strategy game.
Let's analyze the current state of the game in Turn 10.

My goal: Hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.
I currently hold 10 of 24.
The enemy capital is Barcelona [22], but taking it is NOT required to win.
My villages:
[0] Lisboa (Capital): 2/300 troops (2 knight). Wood 30, Iron 50.
[1] Santarem: 1/300 (1 archer). Wood 40, Iron 60.
[2] Evora: 5/300 (2 spearman, 3 archer). Wood 40, Iron 60.
[3] Coimbra: 11/300 (7 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight) + marching out: 5 spearmen, 2 archers. Wood 30, Iron 20.
[4] Badajoz: 9/300 (3 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight) + marching in: 2 archers, 3 spearmen. Wood 35, Iron 20.
[5] Faro: 2/300 (1 archer, 1 knight). Wood 35, Iron 50.
[6] Porto: 1/300 (1 archer). Wood 40, Iron 30.
[7] Salamanca: 1/300 (1 archer) + marching in: 5 spearmen, 2 archers (from [3]). Wood 40, Iron 30.
[10] Vigo: 5/300 (3 spearman, 2 knight). Wood 30, Iron 20.
[12] Madrid: 6/300 (5 archer, 1 knight). Wood 80, Iron 60.

Wait, look at the last turn actions:
- Reinforcements arrived:
  - 5 spearmen, 2 archers from [3] to [7] Salamanca (arrives in 1 turn? It says "arrives in 1 turn" in the armies on the march, but in "what happened last turn" it says "Your reinforcement (2 spearmen) arrived at [3] Coimbra", "Your reinforcement (2 archers) arrived at [4] Badajoz", "Your reinforcement (3 spearmen) arrived at [4] Badajoz", "Your reinforcement (3 spearmen) arrived at [10] Vigo".
  - Wait, currently marching: "5 spearmen, 2 archers: [3] -> [7], arrives in 1 turn". This means they will arrive next turn (Turn 11).
Let's see the current troops available to send now:
[0] Lisboa: 2 knight.
[1] Santarem: 1 archer.
[2] Evora: 2 spearman, 3 archer.
[3] Coimbra: 7 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. (already marching out: 5 spearmen, 2 archers).
[4] Badajoz: 3 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight. (arriving next turn: 2 archers, 3 spearmen? Or are they already included in the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW"? Let's check. "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 3 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight". So the arriving ones are not yet in the available, or maybe they are? Let's assume the available list is correct).
[5] Faro: 1 archer, 1 knight.
[6] Porto: 1 archer.
[7] Salamanca: 1 archer. (arriving next turn: 5 spearmen, 2 archers).
[10] Vigo: 3 spearman, 2 knight.
[12] Madrid: 5 archer, 1 knight.

Let's look at the economy and building.
We need troops. We need to conquer more villages to reach 18.
Currently we have 10. We need 8 more.
The neutral villages we can see:
[8] Toledo: neutral, 5 spearmen, defense 13. March from [4] Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
[9] Sevilha: neutral, 5 archers, defense 13. March from [4] Badajoz: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
[14] Burgos: neutral, 5 knights, defense 13. March from [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
[17] Zaragoza: enemy (King B), 3 archers, 5 knights, defense 20. March from [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

Let's look at the road network:
[12] Madrid is connected to [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza.
[4] Badajoz is connected to [1] Santarem, [5] Faro, [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha.
[8] Toledo is connected to [4] Badajoz, [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel.
[14] Burgos is connected to [10] Vigo, [12] Madrid, [19] Pamplona.

Let's look at our troops and what we can build.
We need to conquer neutral villages first to increase our village count and get more resources, then push towards the enemy.
Let's see if we can attack Toledo [8] or Burgos [14] or Sevilha [9].
To attack Toledo [8]:
We can send troops from Badajoz [4] or Madrid [12].
From Badajoz [4] to Toledo [8]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.
From Madrid [12] to Toledo [8]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.
Toledo garrison: 5 spearmen, defense 13.
If we attack with, say, some archers and knights.
Let's look at the troop count in Madrid [12]: 5 archer, 1 knight. Attack power: 5*2 + 1*4 = 14. Defense of Toledo is 13 (with location bonus). But wait, when attacking, we count our ATTACK, defender counts DEFENSE (with bonus). So our attack is 14, defense is 13. Attack > Defense, so we win. But we need to consider counter triangle and losses.
Toledo has 5 spearmen. The most numerous type is spearman (5).
Our army: 5 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous is archer (5).
Archer counts spearman? No, archer is countered by knight, counters spearman.
Wait, let's look at the counter triangle:
spearman counters knight (multiplies force by 1.5)
archer counters spearman (multiplies force by 1.5)
knight counts archer (multiplies force by 1.5)
Our most numerous is archer (5). Defender's most numerous is spearman (5).
Archer counters spearman! So our attack is multiplied by 1.5.
Wait, how is the force calculated?
"The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
So our most numerous is archer, defender's is spearman. Archer counters spearman, so we get a 1.5x multiplier on our attack force?
Let's check the rule: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
So our effective attack = (5 * 2 + 1 * 4) * 1.5 = 14 * 1.5 = 21.
Defender's effective defense = 13 (already includes location bonus).
Since 21 > 13, we win.
But what are our losses? "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
The loser's effective force: 5 spearmen. Attack of spearman is 1. So 5 * 1 = 5. We take losses equivalent to 5? Or how is attrition calculated? "attrition against the loser's effective force". Usually, it's some fraction or equal, but we don't need to calculate exact losses unless we want to minimize them. Conquering Toledo with 5 archers and 1 knight seems very good because we have a counter bonus and high attack.

Let's look at Burgos [14]: 5 knights, defense 13.
From Madrid [12]: 5 archer, 1 knight.
Our most numerous: archer (5). Defender's: knight (5).
Knight counters archer! So defender has the counter bonus? But defender doesn't get counter bonus unless they are attacking, or does defender get it too? "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counts spearman; knight counts archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." "your force" usually means the attacker's force, but does defender get it if they have the counter? Let's assume only attacker gets the counter bonus, or maybe both? "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins." If defender gets it, knight counters archer, so defender's defense is multiplied by 1.5? But the text says: "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again." It doesn't mention counter bonus in the effective defense. It says "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup... Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." This implies only the attacker's force gets multiplied by 1.5 if they have the counter.
Let's check Toledo: archer counters spearman. We have the counter. So we get 1.5x.
For Burgos: defender is knight, we are archer. Knight counters archer, so we do NOT have the counter. Our attack is 14, defense is 13. We still win (14 > 13), but without the 1.5x multiplier, so our losses might be higher, and we don't get the bonus.

Let's look at Sevilha [9]: 5 archers, defense 13.
From Badajoz [4]: 3 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight.
Our most numerous: archer (4). Defender's: archer (5). No counter (tie-break order spearman, archer, knight, but both are archer, so no counter).
Attack: 3*1 + 4*2 + 2*4 = 3 + 8 + 8 = 19. Defense: 13. 19 > 13, we win.

Let's look at our resources and what we can build.
We want to build troops.
We have wood and iron.
[0] Lisboa: wood 30, iron 50. Can build 2 knight (costs 30 wood, 30 iron each? No, knight costs 30 wood + 30 iron. Lisboa has wood 30, iron 50. So it can build 1 knight, costing 30 wood + 30 iron. Wait, "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight". This means it already has 2 knights at home. Can it build more? "Cap per village: when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building". Currently 2/300. So it can build.
Let's see the cost:
spearman: 15 wood + 0 iron.
archer: 20 wood + 10 iron.
knight: 30 wood + 30 iron.
Lisboa has wood 30, iron 50.
If we build 1 knight: costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Remaining: wood 0, iron 20.
If we build 1 archer: costs 20 wood, 10 iron. Remaining: wood 10, iron 40.
If we build 2 spearman: costs 30 wood, 0 iron. Remaining: wood 0, iron 50.
Let's look at Madrid [12]: wood 80, iron 60. Troops at home: 6/300.
Can build:
- knights: 30 wood, 30 iron. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
- archers: 20 wood, 10 iron. Can build 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron).
- spearmen: 15 wood, 0 iron. Can build 5 spearmen (75 wood).
Let's look at Badajoz [4]: wood 35, iron 20. Troops at home: 9/300.
Can build:
- archers: 20 wood, 10 iron. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) -> wait, wood is 35, so only 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Remaining: wood 15, iron 10.
- spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood). Remaining: wood 5, iron 20.
Let's look at Coimbra [3]: wood 30, iron 20. Troops at home: 11/300.
Can build:
- archers: 20 wood, 10 iron. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Remaining: wood 10, iron 10.
- spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood). Remaining: wood 0, iron 20.

Let's look at our campaign plan from last turn:
"Attack Madrid from Salamanca to secure the border and open the road east. Send reinforcements from Coimbra to Salamanca to defend it after the attack. Gather troops in Badajoz (from Santarem and Faro) and Vigo (from Porto) to conquer Toledo, Sevilha, and Burgos next turns. Build knights and archers everywhere to maintain momentum."
Wait, last turn we attacked Madrid and conquered it! "You attacked [12] Madrid: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 4 troops)".
So Madrid is now ours.
The plan says: "Gather troops in Badajoz (from Santarem and Faro) and Vigo (from Porto) to conquer Toledo, Sevilha, and Burgos next turns."
This is still very relevant!
We want to conquer Toledo [8], Sevilha [9], and Burgos [14].
To conquer Toledo [8]:
We can attack from Badajoz [4] or Madrid [12].
To conquer Burgos [14]:
We can attack from Madrid [12] or Vigo [10].
To conquer Sevilha [9]:
We can attack from Badajoz [4] or Faro [5].

Let's look at the troops we can send.
From Madrid [12], we have 5 archer, 1 knight. We can send them to attack Burgos [14] or Toledo [8].
If we send them to attack Burgos [14]:
Burgos has 5 knights, defense 13.
Our troops: 5 archer, 1 knight. Attack = 14. Defense = 13. We win, but without counter bonus.
If we send them to attack Toledo [8]:
Toledo has 5 spearmen, defense 13.
Our troops: 5 archer, 1 knight. Attack = 14 * 1.5 = 21. Defense = 13. We win with counter bonus!
So attacking Toledo from Madrid is better because of the counter bonus.
Wait, can we attack Toledo from Badajoz [4] as well?
Badajoz has 3 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight.
If we send all from Badajoz to Toledo:
Attack: 3*1 + 4*2 + 2*4 = 19. Defender is 5 spearmen. Our most numerous is archer (4). Defender's is spearman (5). Archer counters spearman, so we get 1.5x multiplier.
Effective attack = 19 * 1.5 = 28.5. Defense = 13. Very easy win.
But if we attack Toledo from Madrid, we use Madrid's troops, and we can also send troops from Badajoz to Sevilha [9]!
Sevilha has 5 archers, defense 13.
From Badajoz [4], we have 3 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight.
If we send them to Sevilha:
Attack: 19. Defender is 5 archers. No counter. Defense = 13. We win.
Can we split Badajoz's troops? "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So we can send some to Toledo and some to Sevilha, but they will fight separately.
If we send, say, 4 archer, 2 knight to Sevilha (attack 16), and 3 spearman to Toledo (attack 3)? No, spearman alone against 5 spearmen (defense 13) will lose.
So we should send a strong stack to one target.
Let's look at the march times:
From Badajoz [4] to Toledo [8]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
From Badajoz [4] to Sevilha [9]: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
From Madrid [12] to Toledo [8]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
From Madrid [12] to Burgos [14]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

Let's look at the troop movements we can make this turn (Turn 10).
We want to attack:
- Toledo [8] from Madrid [12] using 5 archer, 1 knight.
- Sevilha [9] from Badajoz [4] using 3 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight (or some subset).
- Burgos [14] from Vigo [10] using 3 spearman, 2 knight? Or from Madrid?
Wait, Vigo [10] has 3 spearman, 2 knight.
March from Vigo [10] to Burgos [14]:
Road network: [10] Vigo is connected to [6] Porto, [14] Burgos.
So march from Vigo to Burgos is direct!
Let's check the march distance: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" for Vigo. But Vigo is connected to Burgos [14] directly.
Let's look at the road network:
[10] Vigo: [6], [14].
So Vigo to Burgos is 1 hop.
What is the march time? It doesn't specify the exact turns for Vigo to Burgos, but since it's 1 hop, it should be fast. Let's assume 1 fast turn or similar.
If we send 3 spearman, 2 knight from Vigo to Burgos:
Attack: 3*1 + 2*4 = 11. Defender is 5 knights, defense 13.
Our most numerous: spearman (3). Defender's: knight (5).
Spearman counters knight! So we get 1.5x multiplier.
Effective attack = 11 * 1.5 = 16.5. Defense = 13.
We win! And we have the counter bonus.
This is great! We can attack Burgos from Vigo with spearman and knight, getting the counter bonus.

Let's check if we can attack Toledo from Madrid:
Madrid has 5 archer, 1 knight.
Toledo has 5 spearmen.
Archer counters spearman. We get 1.5x multiplier.
Attack = (5*2 + 1*4) * 1.5 = 21. Defense = 13. Win.

Let's check if we can attack Sevilha from Badajoz:
Badajoz has 3 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight.
Sevilha has 5 archers.
No counter. Attack = 19. Defense = 13. Win.

So we can launch three attacks simultaneously this turn!
1. Madrid [12] -> Toledo [8]: 5 archer, 1 knight.
2. Badajoz [4] -> Sevilha [9]: 3 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight.
3. Vigo [10] -> Burgos [14]: 3 spearman, 2 knight.

Wait, are there any other troops we should send or build?
Let's look at the building phase.
We need to build troops to replenish and grow.
Let's see what we can build in each village:
- Madrid [12]: wood 80, iron 60.
  We can build knights or archers.
  Let's build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) or 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron).
  Since we are sending all troops out, we should build to defend and prepare for next turns.
  Let's build 2 knights in Madrid. Cost: 60 wood, 60 iron. Remaining: wood 20, iron 0.
  Or build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) and 1 knight? No, knight is 30 wood, 30 iron. 3 archers + 1 knight = 60+30=90 wood (we only have 80).
  Let's build 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron). Remaining: wood 0, iron 20.
  Archers are good because we have a lot of wood in Madrid.
- Badajoz [4]: wood 35, iron 20.
  We are sending all troops out (3 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight).
  We should build some troops.
  We can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron). Total cost: 35 wood, 10 iron. Remaining: wood 0, iron 10.
  Or build 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron). Remaining: wood 5, iron 20.
  Let's build 1 archer and 1 spearman.
- Coimbra [3]: wood 30, iron 20.
  We already have 5 spearmen, 2 archers marching to Salamanca [7].
  We have 7 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight at home.
  We can build 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron). Remaining: wood 0, iron 20.
  Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) -> total 35 wood, we only have 30. So 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Remaining: wood 10, iron 10.
  Let's build 2 spearman (30 wood). Remaining: wood 0, iron 20.
- Vigo [10]: wood 30, iron 20.
  We are sending 3 spearman, 2 knight.
  We have 5/300 troops (3 spearman, 2 knight). If we send them all, we have 0 left.
  We should build some troops.
  We can build 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron). Remaining: wood 0, iron 20.
  Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> we only have 20 iron, so no.
  So build 2 spearman.
- Salamanca [7]: wood 40, iron 30.
  We have 1 archer at home, and 5 spearmen, 2 archers arriving next turn.
  We can build:
  - 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Remaining: wood 0, iron 10.
  - 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: wood 10, iron 0.
  Let's build 2 archers.
- Lisboa [0]: wood 30, iron 50.
  We have 2 knight.
  We can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: wood 0, iron 20.
  Or 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron). Remaining: wood 0, iron 50.
  Let's build 1 knight.
- Santarem [1]: wood 40, iron 60.
  We have 1 archer.
  We can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) -> we only have 40 wood.
  We can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Remaining: wood 0, iron 40.
  Let's build 2 archers.
- Evora [2]: wood 40, iron 60.
  We have 2 spearman, 3 archer.
  We can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Remaining: wood 0, iron 40.
  Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> total 50 wood, we have 40.
  So build 2 archers.
- Faro [5]: wood 35, iron 50.
  We have 1 archer, 1 knight.
  We can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) -> total 45 wood, we have 35.
  We can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: wood 5, iron 20.
  Let's build 1 knight.
- Porto [6]: wood 40, iron 30.
  We have 1 archer.
  We can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: wood 10, iron 0.
  Or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Remaining: wood 0, iron 10.
  Let's build 2 archers.

Let's review the plan and statement.
Plan:
We are attacking Toledo, Sevilha, and Burgos this turn to expand our territory and get closer to 18 villages.
We will use:
- Madrid's 5 archers and 1 knight to attack Toledo (counter bonus).
- Badajoz's 3 spearmen, 4 archers, and 2 knights to attack Sevilha.
- Vigo's 3 spearmen and 2 knights to attack Burgos (counter bonus).
This will give us 3 new villages (Toledo, Sevilha, Burgos), bringing our total to 13.
Then we need to consolidate, build up troops, and push further east towards the enemy (Zaragoza, etc.).
We will build troops in all our villages to maintain the momentum and defend the newly conquered lands.

Let's double check the troop counts and resources.
Madrid [12]: wood 80, iron 60.
Build: 4 archers (costs 80 wood, 40 iron). Remaining: wood 0, iron 20.
Send: 5 archer, 1 knight to Toledo [8].
Wait, if we build 4 archers, we have 5 archer + 4 archer = 9 archers? No, the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" is the current troops at home. If we build 4 archers, they will be ready next turn. We can only send the ones available NOW.
So we send 5 archer, 1 knight.
And we build 4 archers.

Badajoz [4]: wood 35, iron 20.
Build: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron), 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron). Total cost: 35 wood, 10 iron. Remaining: wood 0, iron 10.
Send: 3 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight to Sevilha [9].

Vigo [10]: wood 30, iron 20.
Build: 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron). Remaining: wood 0, iron 20.
Send: 3 spearman, 2 knight to Burgos [14].

Coimbra [3]: wood 30, iron 20.
Build: 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron). Remaining: wood 0, iron 20.
Send: none (already marching 5 spearmen, 2 archers to Salamanca).

Salamanca [7]: wood 40, iron 30.
Build: 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Remaining: wood 0, iron 10.
Send: none.

Lisboa [0]: wood 30, iron 50.
Build: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: wood 0, iron 20.
Send: none.

Santarem [1]: wood 40, iron 60.
Build: 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Remaining: wood 0, iron 40.
Send: none.

Evora [2]: wood 40, iron 60.
Build: 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Remaining: wood 0, iron 40.
Send: none.

Faro [5]: wood 35, iron 50.
Build: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: wood 5, iron 20.
Send: none.

Porto [6]: wood 40, iron 30.
Build: 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Remaining: wood 0, iron 10.
Send: none.

Let's check if we can send reinforcements to Madrid or Badajoz to help them.
Madrid is sending all its troops, so it will be empty. But it's a border village, we might want to leave some defenders? But we need the troops to conquer Toledo. Once Toledo is ours, Madrid's border shifts, and we can reinforce it later.
Same for Badajoz and Vigo.
This is a standard aggressive expansion strategy.

Let's write the JSON.
The fields are:
"build": list of objects with villageId, type, quantity.
"movements": list of objects with fromId, toId, troops (spearman, archer, knight).
"plan": string.
"statement": string.

Let's format the build list:
[
  {"villageId": 12, "type": "archer", "quantity": 4},
  {"villageId": 4, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 4, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 10, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 3, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 7, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 0, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 1, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 2, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 5, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 6, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2}
]

Let's format the movements list:
[
  {"fromId": 12, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 5, "knight": 1}},
  {"fromId": 4, "toId": 9, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 4, "knight": 2}},
  {"fromId": 10, "toId": 14, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}}
]

Let's double check the troop counts available to send:
Madrid [12]: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight". Correct.
Badajoz [4]: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 3 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight". Correct.
Vigo [10]: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 3 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight". Correct.

Let's write the plan:
"Conquer Toledo, Sevilha, and Burgos this turn to expand our territory to 13 villages. Use Madrid's archers and knight to attack Toledo (counter bonus), Badajoz's mixed force to attack Sevilha, and Vigo's spearmen and knights to attack Burgos (counter bonus). After conquering these, consolidate our hold by building up troops in the new villages and preparing to push east towards Zaragoza and the enemy capital."

Let's write the statement:
"King A launches a massive three-pronged attack this turn! Madrid's archers and knights strike Toledo, Badajoz's forces assault Sevilha, and Vigo's spearmen and knights ride to conquer Burgos. With the counter triangle bonuses on our side, we expect swift victories to secure three new villages and bring us closer to our goal of 18 villages!"

Let's check the character limits:
Plan: "Conquer Toledo, Sevilha, and Burgos this turn to expand our territory to 13 villages. Use Madrid's archers and knight to attack Toledo (counter bonus), Badajoz's mixed force to attack Sevilha, and Vigo's spearmen and knights to attack Burgos (counter bonus). After conquering these, consolidate our hold by building up troops in the new villages and preparing to push east towards Zaragoza and the enemy capital." -> ~450 characters. Well within 600.
Statement: "King A launches a massive three-pronged attack this turn! Madrid's archers and knights strike Toledo, Badajoz's forces assault Sevilha, and Vigo's spearmen and knights ride to conquer Burgos. With the counter triangle bonuses on our side, we expect swift victories to secure three new villages and bring us closer to our goal of 18 villages!" -> ~350 characters. Well within limit.

Let's review the rules again to ensure no mistakes.
- "Each village you hold produces resources every turn, and resources are what build your army." (Handled)
- "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." (Handled)
- "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counts spearman; knight counts archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." (Handled, Toledo: archer vs spearman -> 1.5x. Burgos: spearman vs knight -> 1.5x. Sevilha: archer vs archer -> no counter).
- "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
  - Toledo: Madrid has 5 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous: archer. Toledo has 5 spearmen. Most numerous: spearman. Archer counters spearman. Correct.
  - Burgos: Vigo has 3 spearman, 2 knight. Most numerous: spearman. Burgos has 5 knights. Most numerous: knight. Spearman counters knight. Correct.
  - Sevilha: Badajoz has 3 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight. Most numerous: archer. Sevilha has 5 archers. Most numerous: archer. Tie, no counter. Correct.
- "Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital). In the open field (on a road) there is no bonus."
  - Toledo, Sevilha, Burgos are villages. So defense gets x1.25. The report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 13". So we use 13 directly. Correct.
- "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER."
  - Toledo: Attack 21 vs Defense 13. Win.
  - Sevilha: Attack 19 vs Defense 13. Win.
  - Burgos: Attack 16.5 vs Defense 13. Win.
- "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
  - We will take some losses, but we should win all three.
- "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."
  - Let's double check the builds:
    - Madrid [12]: wood 80, iron 60. Build 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron). Paid. Correct.
    - Badajoz [4]: wood 35, iron 20. Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron). Total 35 wood, 10 iron. Paid. Correct.
    - Vigo [10]: wood 30, iron 20. Build 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron). Paid. Correct.
    - Coimbra [3]: wood 30, iron 20. Build 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron). Paid. Correct.
    - Salamanca [7]: wood 40, iron 30. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Paid. Correct.
    - Lisboa [0]: wood 30, iron 50. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Paid. Correct.
    - Santarem [1]: wood 40, iron 60. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Paid. Correct.
    - Evora [2]: wood 40, iron 60. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Paid. Correct.
    - Faro [5]: wood 35, iron 50. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Paid. Correct.
    - Porto [6]: wood 40, iron 30. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Paid. Correct.
  All builds are affordable.

Let's check if there are any other villages we can build in.
We have 10 villages listed under "YOUR VILLAGES".
[0] Lisboa, [1] Santarem, [2] Evora, [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz, [5] Faro, [6] Porto, [7] Salamanca, [10] Vigo, [12] Madrid.
Yes, all 10 are covered in the build list.

Let's check if we should send any troops to reinforce Madrid or Badajoz after they send their troops.
If Madrid sends 5 archer, 1 knight, it will have 0 troops left (plus the 4 archers we build this turn, which will be ready next turn).
If Badajoz sends 3 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight, it will have 0 troops left (plus the 1 archer, 1 spearman we build this turn).
If Vigo sends 3 spearman, 2 knight, it will have 0 troops left (plus the 2 spearman we build this turn).
This leaves them vulnerable if the enemy attacks them next turn.
But the enemy is King B, whose capital is Barcelona [22]. Their known territory is Zaragoza [17].
Zaragoza is connected to Madrid [12] and Teruel [13], Pamplona [19], Huesca [20], Tarragona [21].
So Madrid is on the border with Zaragoza.
If we leave Madrid empty, the enemy might attack it next turn.
But we need the troops to conquer Toledo and Burgos. If we don't attack, the enemy might attack Madrid or we lose momentum.
Also, conquering Toledo and Burgos will secure our borders and give us more resources.
Once we conquer Toledo, Madrid is no longer the front line (Toledo will be).
So sending all troops from Madrid to conquer Toledo is the standard move.

Let's review the JSON format:
{
  "build": [ {"villageId": <id>, "type": <type>, "quantity": <qty>} ],
  "movements": [ {"fromId": <id>, "toId": <id>, "troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}} ],
  "plan": "<string>",
  "statement": "<string>"
}

Let's write down the exact JSON.
I will make sure the JSON is valid and contains only the requested fields.

Build list:
[
  {"villageId": 12, "type": "archer", "quantity": 4},
  {"villageId": 4, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 4, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 10, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 3, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 7, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 0, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 1, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 2, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 5, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 6, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2}
]

Movements list:
[
  {"fromId": 12, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 5, "knight": 1}},
  {"fromId": 4, "toId": 9, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 4, "knight": 2}},
  {"fromId": 10, "toId": 14, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}}
]

Plan:
"Conquer Toledo, Sevilha, and Burgos this turn to expand our territory to 13 villages. Use Madrid's archers and knight to attack Toledo (counter bonus), Badajoz's mixed force to attack Sevilha, and Vigo's spearmen and knights to attack Burgos (counter bonus). After conquering these, consolidate our hold by building up troops in the new villages and preparing to push east towards Zaragoza and the enemy capital."

Statement:
"King A launches a massive three-pronged attack this turn! Madrid's archers and knights strike Toledo, Badajoz's forces assault Sevilha, and Vigo's spearmen and knights ride to conquer Burgos. With the counter triangle bonuses on our side, we expect swift victories to secure three new villages and bring us closer to our goal of 18 villages!"

Everything looks solid and well-reasoned. I will output the JSON now.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"arqueiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":12,"destinoId":8,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":5,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":4,"destinoId":9,"tropas":{"lanceiro":3,"arqueiro":4,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":10,"destinoId":14,"tropas":{"lanceiro":3,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":2}}]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [12]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [12]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [12]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [12]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [10]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [10]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [7]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [7]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [5]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [6]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [6]
ACEITO envio [12]->[8]: 5A+1K (alvo neutra lanceiro)
ACEITO envio [4]->[9]: 3S+4A+2K (alvo neutra arqueiro)
ACEITO envio [10]->[14]: 3S+2K (alvo neutra cavaleiro)
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Conquer Toledo, Sevilha, and Burgos this turn to expand our territory to 13 villages. Use Madrid's archers and knight to attack Toledo (counter bonus), Badajoz's mixed force to attack Sevilha, and Vigo's spearmen and knights to attack Burgos (counter bonus). After conquering these, consolidate our hold by building up troops in the new villages and preparing to push east towards Zaragoza and the enemy capital.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): King A launches a massive three-pronged attack this turn! Madrid's archers and knights strike Toledo, Badajoz's forces assault Sevilha, and Vigo's spearmen and knights ride to conquer Burgos. With the counter triangle bonuses on our side, we expect swift victories to secure three new villages and bring us closer to our goal of 18 villages!
########## TURNO 10 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 2907 | resposta 6079 | raciocinio 6079 | finish content_filter | ms 83147
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B in a turn-based strategy game. I need to analyze the current state, decide on builds and movements, and output a JSON object with the required fields.

Let's analyze the state:
- Goal: Hold 18 of 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.
- Currently hold 9 of 24 villages.
- Enemy capital is [0] Lisboa (not required to win, but eliminating enemy villages is an alternative win condition).
- Enemy is King A.
- My villages: Barcelona (22), Tarragona (21), Girona (23), Castellon (18), Zaragoza (17), Huesca (20), Valencia (16), Teruel (13), Pamplona (19).
- Total troops at home: 38 (21 spearman, 9 archer, 8 knight).
- Enemy villages visible: Madrid (12) has 5 archers, 1 knight. Salamanca (7) was seen as enemy with 8 archers, 2 knights.
- Neutral villages: Murcia (15) 5 archers, Burgos (14) 5 knights, Toledo (8) 5 spearmen.
- Unexplored: Cordoba (11), Badajoz (4), Porto (6), Vigo (10), Coimbra (3), Sevilha (9), Faro (5), Santarem (1), Lisboa (0), Evora (2).

Let's look at the map and road network to plan expansion.
My core area is around Zaragoza (17), Barcelona (22), etc.
The enemy (King A) seems to be around Madrid (12), Salamanca (7), and likely Lisboa (0).
To win by holding 18 villages, I need to capture 9 more villages.
The neutral villages are: Murcia (15), Burgos (14), Toledo (8). And unexplored ones might be neutral or enemy.
Let's see the connections:
- Zaragoza (17) connects to Madrid (12), Teruel (13), Pamplona (19), Huesca (20), Tarragona (21).
- Madrid (12) connects to Salamanca (7), Toledo (8), Burgos (14), Zaragoza (17).
- Toledo (8) connects to Badajoz (4), Cordoba (11), Madrid (12), Teruel (13).
- Burgos (14) connects to Vigo (10), Madrid (12), Pamplona (19).
- Murcia (15) connects to Cordoba (11), Valencia (16).
- Valencia (16) connects to Teruel (13), Murcia (15), Castellon (18).

My current troops:
- Barcelona (22): 1 knight
- Tarragona (21): 7 spearman, 1 archer
- Girona (23): 2 spearman
- Castellon (18): 2 spearman
- Zaragoza (17): 3 archer, 5 knight
- Huesca (20): 2 archer
- Valencia (16): 3 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight
- Teruel (13): 2 archer
- Pamplona (19): 7 spearman

Resources:
- Barcelona: wood 150, iron 110
- Tarragona: wood 90, iron 130
- Girona: wood 150, iron 130
- Castellon: wood 150, iron 140
- Zaragoza: wood 60, iron 50
- Huesca: wood 150, iron 110
- Valencia: wood 90, iron 40
- Teruel: wood 30, iron 20
- Pamplona: wood 135, iron 120

Let's consider building troops.
Costs:
- spearman: 15 wood + 0 iron
- archer: 20 wood + 10 iron
- knight: 30 wood + 30 iron

I need to build troops to attack neutrals or the enemy.
Neutrals:
- Toledo (8): 5 spearmen. Attack from Teruel (13) or Zaragoza (17). Teruel has 2 archer, Zaragoza has 3 archer, 5 knight.
- Burgos (14): 5 knights. Attack from Pamplona (19) or Zaragoza (17). Pamplona has 7 spearman.
- Murcia (15): 5 archers. Attack from Valencia (16). Valencia has 3 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight.

Let's check the effective defense of neutrals: 13.
To attack, I need to send troops.
Let's look at the combat rules.
Attack: troops count ATTACK. Defender counts DEFENSE.
Counter triangle: spearman counters knight (x1.5), archer counters spearman (x1.5), knight counters archer (x1.5).
Most numerous type sets the counter matchup.
Defending in village: defense x1.25. In castle x1.5. Open field no bonus.
Effective defense in report already includes location bonus.
For Toledo (8), effective defense is 13. It has 5 spearmen.
If I attack with archers, they counter spearmen.
Let's calculate force if I send all from Zaragoza: 3 archer, 5 knight.
Most numerous is knight (5). Knight vs spearman? Knight does not counter spearman, spearman counters knight. So my knights get countered? Wait, the rule says: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
If my army is 3 archer, 5 knight. Most numerous is knight. Enemy is 5 spearmen. Spearman counters knight. So enemy gets the counter bonus? Or do I?
"spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
Usually, if my most numerous is knight, and enemy is spearman, the enemy's spearman counters my knight. So the enemy gets the multiplier? Or does my knight count as attacking spearman?
"The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup"
This means we look at the most numerous type of my army and the most numerous type of the enemy army.
If my most numerous is knight, and enemy's is spearman. Spearman counters knight. So the enemy's spearman counters my knight. Does this mean my force is multiplied by 0.5 or enemy's is x1.5?
"Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
It probably means if your most numerous type counters the enemy's most numerous type, your force is x1.5. If the enemy's counters yours, your force is x0.5? Or enemy's is x1.5?
Let's assume standard mechanics: if A counters B, A gets x1.5 against B.
If my most numerous is knight, and enemy is spearman. Enemy's spearman counters my knight. So enemy's spearman gets x1.5 against my knight. My knight's attack is 4. Enemy's defense is 2 (spearman). But wait, attack vs defense.
Let's look at the formula: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs."
So my attack power: 3 archer * 2 + 5 knight * 4 = 6 + 20 = 26.
Enemy defense: 5 spearmen * 2 = 10. But with location bonus (village), it's 13 (as reported).
If counter applies: enemy's spearman counters my knight. Does it affect my attack or enemy defense?
Usually, counter affects the attack of the countering unit. But here it says "multiplies your force by 1.5".
Let's assume the effective attack is calculated, then multiplied by 1.5 if we have the counter, or divided by 1.5 if we are countered.
If I send 7 spearman from Pamplona (19) to Burgos (14) which has 5 knights.
My most numerous: spearman (7). Enemy most numerous: knight (5).
Spearman counters knight. So I get x1.5.
My attack: 7 spearman * 1 = 7. x1.5 = 10.5.
Enemy defense: 5 knights * 2 = 10. With village bonus (effective defense 13).
10.5 vs 13. Defender wins (tie favors defender).
What if I send archers? Archer vs spearman.
Let's look at Madrid (12): 5 archers, 1 knight. Effective defense 15.
If I attack from Zaragoza (17) with 3 archer, 5 knight. Most numerous knight (5). Enemy most numerous archer (5). Knight counters archer! So I get x1.5.
My attack: 3 archer * 2 + 5 knight * 4 = 26. x1.5 = 39.
Enemy defense: 5 archers * 2 + 1 knight * 2 = 12. With village bonus (effective defense 15).
39 vs 15. I win easily.
But Madrid is enemy territory. If I conquer it, I get a village.
Let's check the march distance from Zaragoza to Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
If I send troops from Zaragoza, they arrive in 1 turn (fastest). But mixed army marches at slowest speed. So 1 slow turn? Wait, "march from [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". This means if I send only knights, it takes 1 fast turn. If mixed, it takes the slowest.
If I send 5 knights, it takes 1 fast turn.
Let's see if I can take Madrid.
Zaragoza has 5 knight, 3 archer.
If I send 5 knight, attack = 20. x1.5 (knight vs archer) = 30. Enemy defense 15. Win.
But I need to consider reinforcements. Enemy might send troops to Madrid.
Let's look at the unexplored areas. The enemy capital is Lisboa (0). Enemy likely has villages around there.
I need to expand.
Let's look at my villages and what I can build.
Turn 10. I have 9 villages.
I should build troops to capture neutrals or enemy villages.
Let's check resources for building:
- Zaragoza: wood 60, iron 50. Can build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 4 spearmen (60 wood).
- Pamplona: wood 135, iron 120. Can build many troops.
- Tarragona: wood 90, iron 130.
- Valencia: wood 90, iron 40. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron - not enough iron), or 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron).
- Barcelona: wood 150, iron 110. Can build 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron) or 5 archers.

Let's plan to attack Madrid (12) from Zaragoza (17).
Zaragoza has 5 knight, 3 archer. I can send them.
But I also need to defend Zaragoza. If I send all troops, it might be empty. But it has effective defense 20. Wait, effective defense is 20? That's high. It's a border village. Maybe it's a castle? "effective defense (location bonus included): 20". Yes, border village with castle?
If I send all troops, the defense drops. But the report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 20". This is the current defense with the troops at home? Or is it the static defense of the village?
"The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival."
So the 20 includes the 8 troops at home? No, effective defense is calculated from the troops and the location bonus.
Wait, "effective defense (location bonus included): 20 | troops at home: 8". If troops at home are 8, and effective defense is 20.
Let's check the formula. Defense of troops + location bonus.
Zaragoza has 3 archer (def 2 each = 6), 5 knight (def 2 each = 10). Total troop defense = 16.
Location bonus: village x1.25. 16 * 1.25 = 20. Yes, that matches!
So if I send troops away, the defense will drop.
If I send 5 knight and 3 archer, defense becomes 0 (or just the location bonus on 0? No, location bonus multiplies troop defense. If no troops, defense is 0).
So I shouldn't strip Zaragoza completely if it's a border.
But I have other villages. Tarragona has 7 spearman, 1 archer. Pamplona has 7 spearman.
I can send reinforcements to Zaragoza, then attack Madrid.
Let's look at the march times:
- Tarragona to Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- Pamplona to Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- Barcelona to Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

If I send troops from Tarragona to Zaragoza, they arrive in 1 turn (if fast). But I need to specify the troops.
Let's decide on a strategy.
I want to capture Madrid (12) to expand my territory and get closer to the enemy capital.
I also want to capture the neutrals: Toledo (8), Burgos (14), Murcia (15).
To capture Madrid, I need a strong army.
Let's build troops this turn.
Zaragoza: wood 60, iron 50. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Total 70 wood, 50 iron. But wood is 60. So 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 50 wood, 40 iron. Or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron).
Let's build 3 archers in Zaragoza. Cost: 60 wood, 30 iron. Remaining: wood 0, iron 20.
Or build 1 knight and 1 archer. Cost: 50 wood, 40 iron. Remaining: wood 10, iron 10.
Let's build 1 knight and 1 archer in Zaragoza.
Pamplona: wood 135, iron 120. Can build 4 knights (120 wood, 120 iron). Or 7 spearmen (105 wood). Or 6 archers (120 wood, 60 iron).
Let's build 4 knights in Pamplona? Cost 120 wood, 120 iron. Remaining 15 wood, 0 iron.
Or build 7 spearmen (105 wood) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) - not enough iron for archer if I build spearmen. Pamplona has 120 iron. 7 spearmen = 105 wood. 1 archer = 20 wood, 10 iron. Total 125 wood, 10 iron. Remaining 10 wood, 110 iron.
Let's build 4 knights in Pamplona. They are fast and powerful.
Tarragona: wood 90, iron 130. Can build 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) or 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron).
Let's build 3 knights in Tarragona. Cost 90 wood, 90 iron. Remaining 0 wood, 40 iron.
Valencia: wood 90, iron 40. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron - not enough iron). Can build 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron). Remaining 10 wood, 0 iron.
Let's build 4 archers in Valencia.
Barcelona: wood 150, iron 110. Can build 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron). Remaining 60 wood, 20 iron.
Let's build 3 knights in Barcelona.

Now, movements.
I want to attack Madrid (12) from Zaragoza (17).
Zaragoza currently has 3 archer, 5 knight. If I build 1 knight and 1 archer, it will have 4 archer, 6 knight.
I can send them to Madrid.
But I need to consider the march time. Madrid is 1 fast turn away for knights.
If I send them this turn, they arrive next turn and fight.
Wait, "march from [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". This means if I send knights, it takes 1 turn. If I send mixed, it takes the slowest.
If I send 6 knight and 4 archer, it's mixed, so it takes 1 slow turn? Or does it mean the march takes 1 turn for slow troops, so mixed takes 1 turn?
"march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns" means it takes 5 turns for slow troops, 3 for medium, 2 for fast.
Here it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So it takes 1 turn regardless of speed. But mixed army marches at the speed of the slowest. So if I include archers (medium), it takes 1 medium turn? But the list says 1 slow, 1 medium, 1 fast. So it's 1 turn for all.
Actually, if it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns", it means the distance is 1 unit for all speeds. So it takes 1 turn for any troop type.
So I can send a mixed army and it will arrive in 1 turn.

Let's send all troops from Zaragoza to Madrid: 4 archer, 6 knight.
Attack: 4*2 + 6*4 = 8 + 24 = 32.
Most numerous: knight (6). Enemy most numerous: archer (5). Knight counters archer. x1.5.
Effective attack: 32 * 1.5 = 48.
Enemy defense: 15 (effective).
48 vs 15. Easy win.
But what about the enemy capital? I don't need to take it, but I need to eliminate enemy villages or hold 18.
If I take Madrid, I will have 10 villages. I need 8 more.
Let's also send troops to capture neutrals.
Toledo (8): 5 spearmen. Effective defense 13.
March from Teruel (13): 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Teruel has 2 archer. If I send them, attack = 2*2 = 4. Most numerous archer. Enemy spearmen. Archer counters spearman. x1.5. Effective attack = 6. Enemy defense 13. Lose.
I need to send more troops to Teruel or from elsewhere.
Teruel connects to Valencia (16), Castellon (18), Zaragoza (17).
I can send troops from Valencia to Teruel, then to Toledo. But that takes 2 turns.
Or I can send troops from Zaragoza to Toledo. Zaragoza connects to Teruel (13), which connects to Toledo (8). So Zaragoza -> Teruel -> Toledo. That's 2 turns.
Wait, the road network:
[8] Toledo: [4], [11], [12], [13]
[13] Teruel: [8], [16], [17], [18]
So Toledo connects directly to Teruel, Madrid, Cordoba, Badajoz.
Zaragoza (17) connects to Teruel (13). So Zaragoza -> Teruel -> Toledo. 2 turns.
But Madrid (12) also connects to Toledo (8). If I take Madrid, I can attack Toledo from there.
Let's focus on Madrid first. It's an enemy village, so it's a direct expansion.
Also, Salamanca (7) is enemy. It connects to Madrid (12). If I take Madrid, I can attack Salamanca.

Let's look at Burgos (14): 5 knights. Effective defense 13.
March from Pamplona (19): 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Pamplona has 7 spearman. If I send them, attack = 7. Most numerous spearman. Enemy knights. Spearman counters knight. x1.5. Effective attack = 10.5. Enemy defense 13. Defender wins (tie favors defender).
I need to send more troops. I can build knights in Pamplona this turn, then send them.
If I build 4 knights in Pamplona, and send 7 spearman + 4 knight.
Attack: 7*1 + 4*4 = 7 + 16 = 23.
Most numerous: spearman (7) vs knight (5). Spearman counters knight. x1.5.
Effective attack: 23 * 1.5 = 34.5.
Enemy defense: 13.
Win!
But wait, if I send 7 spearman and 4 knight, the army is mixed. Speed is slow (spearman). March from Pamplona to Burgos: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So it takes 1 slow turn? The report says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". This means the distance is 1 for all speeds. So it takes 1 turn.
So I can send them and they arrive next turn.

Let's check Murcia (15): 5 archers. Effective defense 13.
March from Valencia (16): 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Valencia has 3 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight.
If I send them, attack: 3*1 + 1*2 + 2*4 = 3 + 2 + 8 = 13.
Most numerous: spearman (3). Enemy: archer (5). Spearman does not counter archer. Archer counters spearman? No, archer counters spearman. Wait, "archer counters spearman". So enemy's archer counters my spearman. So enemy gets the counter?
"The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup"
My most numerous: spearman. Enemy most numerous: archer.
Archer counters spearman. So the enemy has the counter. My force is multiplied by 0.5? Or enemy's is x1.5?
"Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
If enemy has the counter, my force is probably divided by 1.5 or enemy's is multiplied.
Let's assume my effective attack is 13 / 1.5 = 8.67. Enemy defense 13. Lose.
If I build 4 archers in Valencia, I will have 5 archers, 3 spearman, 2 knight.
Most numerous: archer (5). Enemy: archer (5). Tie. "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight". So archer vs archer. No counter.
Attack: 5*2 + 3*1 + 2*4 = 10 + 3 + 8 = 21. Enemy defense 13. Win.
But wait, I need to send troops from Valencia. If I send all, Valencia defense drops.
Valencia has effective defense 15. Troops: 3 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. Total defense: 3*2 + 1*2 + 2*2 = 12. Location bonus: 15/12 = 1.25. Village.
If I send all, defense becomes 0.
But Valencia is interior, no enemy border. So it's safe from attack? "INTERIOR (no enemy border)". Yes, safe for now.

Let's plan the moves.
I will attack Madrid (12) from Zaragoza (17).
I will attack Burgos (14) from Pamplona (19).
I will attack Murcia (15) from Valencia (16).
I will also send reinforcements to Zaragoza from Tarragona (21) or Barcelona (22) to replace the troops I send to Madrid.
Wait, if I send troops from Zaragoza to Madrid, Zaragoza will be empty. But it's a border village with Madrid. If I take Madrid, Zaragoza is no longer a border with Madrid, but with the new territory.
But the enemy might have other villages connected to Zaragoza.
Zaragoza connects to: Madrid (12), Teruel (13), Pamplona (19), Huesca (20), Tarragona (21).
If I take Madrid, Zaragoza connects to enemy territory via Salamanca (7) through Madrid? No, Madrid is mine now.
But the enemy might attack Zaragoza from Salamanca (7) or elsewhere.
Salamanca connects to Madrid (12), Badajoz (4), Coimbra (3), Porto (6).
If I take Madrid, Salamanca is connected to my territory via Madrid.
So I need to defend Madrid and Zaragoza.
Let's send reinforcements to Zaragoza from Tarragona.
Tarragona has 7 spearman, 1 archer. I can send some to Zaragoza.
March from Tarragona to Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
If I send 7 spearman, they arrive in 1 turn.
But I need troops in Tarragona to build. I can build knights in Tarragona.
Let's refine the builds and moves.

Builds:
- Zaragoza: build 1 knight, 1 archer. (Cost: 50 wood, 40 iron). Troops: 4 archer, 6 knight.
- Pamplona: build 4 knights. (Cost: 120 wood, 120 iron). Troops: 7 spearman, 4 knight.
- Tarragona: build 3 knights. (Cost: 90 wood, 90 iron). Troops: 7 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight.
- Valencia: build 4 archers. (Cost: 80 wood, 40 iron). Troops: 3 spearman, 5 archer, 2 knight.
- Barcelona: build 3 knights. (Cost: 90 wood, 90 iron). Troops: 1 knight + 3 knights = 4 knight. (Wait, Barcelona has 1 knight at home. So total 4 knight).
- Huesca: build nothing? It has 2 archer. Wood 150, iron 110. Can build 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron). Let's build 3 knights in Huesca.
- Girona: build nothing? Wood 150, iron 130. Can build 4 knights (120 wood, 120 iron). Let's build 4 knights in Girona.
- Castellon: build nothing? Wood 150, iron 140. Can build 4 knights (120 wood, 120 iron). Let's build 4 knights in Castellon.
- Teruel: build nothing? Wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Let's build 1 archer.

Let's check total wood and iron for builds:
- Zaragoza: 1 knight (30w, 30i) + 1 archer (20w, 10i) = 50w, 40i. Zaragoza has 60w, 50i. OK.
- Pamplona: 4 knights = 120w, 120i. Pamplona has 135w, 120i. OK.
- Tarragona: 3 knights = 90w, 90i. Tarragona has 90w, 130i. OK.
- Valencia: 4 archers = 80w, 40i. Valencia has 90w, 40i. OK.
- Barcelona: 3 knights = 90w, 90i. Barcelona has 150w, 110i. OK.
- Huesca: 3 knights = 90w, 90i. Huesca has 150w, 110i. OK.
- Girona: 4 knights = 120w, 120i. Girona has 150w, 130i. OK.
- Castellon: 4 knights = 120w, 120i. Castellon has 150w, 140i. OK.
- Teruel: 1 archer = 20w, 10i. Teruel has 30w, 20i. OK.

Total builds: 1+4+3+4+3+3+4+4+1 = 27 knights, 1+4=5 archers, 1 spearman? No spearmen built.
Wait, I need spearmen? Knights are expensive but powerful.
Let's review the troops I have and what I need.
I need to attack Madrid (enemy), Burgos (neutral), Murcia (neutral).
For Madrid: 5 archers, 1 knight. Effective defense 15.
I plan to send from Zaragoza: 4 archer, 6 knight.
Attack: 4*2 + 6*4 = 32. Most numerous knight (6) vs archer (5). Knight counters archer. x1.5. Effective attack = 48. Win.
For Burgos: 5 knights. Effective defense 13.
I plan to send from Pamplona: 7 spearman, 4 knight.
Attack: 7*1 + 4*4 = 23. Most numerous spearman (7) vs knight (5). Spearman counters knight. x1.5. Effective attack = 34.5. Win.
For Murcia: 5 archers. Effective defense 13.
I plan to send from Valencia: 3 spearman, 5 archer, 2 knight.
Attack: 3*1 + 5*2 + 2*4 = 3 + 10 + 8 = 21. Most numerous archer (5) vs archer (5). Tie -> archer. No counter. Effective attack = 21. Enemy defense 13. Win.

What about Toledo (8): 5 spearmen. Effective defense 13.
I don't have a nearby village with enough troops to attack it this turn.
Teruel has 2 archer + 1 archer (built) = 3 archer. Attack = 6. x1.5 (archer vs spearman) = 9. Enemy defense 13. Lose.
I could send troops from Zaragoza to Teruel, then to Toledo. But that takes 2 turns.
Or I can wait until I take Madrid, then attack Toledo from Madrid.
Madrid connects to Toledo (8). If I take Madrid, I can attack Toledo from there next turn.
So I will focus on Madrid, Burgos, Murcia this turn.

Let's check the march times and distances.
- Zaragoza to Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. I send 4 archer, 6 knight. Mixed, so slowest is medium (archer). It takes 1 medium turn? The report says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". This means the distance is 1 for all speeds. So it takes 1 turn.
- Pamplona to Burgos: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. I send 7 spearman, 4 knight. Mixed, slowest is slow (spearman). It takes 1 slow turn? Again, distance is 1, so 1 turn.
- Valencia to Murcia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. I send 3 spearman, 5 archer, 2 knight. Mixed, slowest is slow (spearman). 1 turn.

Wait, if I send troops from Zaragoza to Madrid, Zaragoza will be empty. But I can send reinforcements to Zaragoza from Tarragona or Barcelona.
Tarragona to Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
If I send 7 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight from Tarragona to Zaragoza, they arrive in 1 turn.
But Tarragona is interior, no enemy border. So it's safe.
Barcelona to Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So 2 turns.
I will send from Tarragona to Zaragoza to reinforce.
Tarragona has 7 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight (after build). If I send all, Tarragona is empty. But it's interior, safe.
Wait, if I send all from Tarragona, it arrives in 1 turn. Zaragoza will have those troops.
But I need to defend Zaragoza if the enemy attacks it.
The enemy is King A. Their capital is Lisboa (0). They have Madrid (12), Salamanca (7). They might attack Zaragoza from Madrid? But I am attacking Madrid. If I win, Madrid is mine.
The enemy might have other armies. The report says "ENEMY (only what your watchmen can see): - none sighted". So no enemy armies marching.
So Zaragoza is safe for now.

Let's also consider sending troops to reinforce my other villages or prepare for next moves.
I will send troops from Barcelona to Tarragona? No, Tarragona is sending to Zaragoza.
I can send troops from Girona to Tarragona? Girona to Tarragona: Girona (23) connects to Tarragona (21)? Let's check road network.
[21] Tarragona: [17], [18], [22]
[23] Girona: [20], [22]
So Girona connects to Barcelona (22), which connects to Tarragona (21). So Girona -> Barcelona -> Tarragona. 2 turns.
Or Girona -> Huesca (20) -> Zaragoza (17) -> Tarragona? No, Girona connects to Huesca (
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
REFORCO [3] Coimbra dono A: 2S
COMBATE [12] Madrid: atacante A Fatk=24 (ef 24) Fdef=12 (ef 15) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~8
REFORCO [4] Badajoz dono A: 2A
REFORCO [4] Badajoz dono A: 3S
REFORCO [10] Vigo dono A: 3S
REFORCO [19] Pamplona dono B: 4S
placar: A 10 ald/tropas 23 | B 9 ald/tropas 38 | neutras 5 | transito 4 (A 4 | B 0)

########## TURNO 11 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4068 | resposta 12592 | raciocinio 8943 | finish stop | ms 119326
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 7, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 10, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 12, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 8, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 4, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 12, \"toId\": 8, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 4, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 7, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 5, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 10, \"toId\": 14, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 3, \"toId\": 7, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 9, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 1, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 5, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 2}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Our army from Badajoz is about to conquer Sevilha, securing our western flank. This turn, we send reinforcements to Badajoz from Santarem and Faro, which will march to Sevilha next turn once it is conquered. We launch an attack on Teruel with Toledo's archers and knight, aiming to push towards Valencia and expand our territory. We reinforce Madrid and Burgos with spearman to hold the line against Zaragoza and Pamplona. Our Coimbra forces move to Salamanca, ready to deploy where needed. We also build knights across our realm to strengthen our army for the next push east.\",\n  \"statement\": \"Our army from Badajoz is about to conquer Sevilha, securing our western flank. This turn, we send reinforcements to Badajoz from Santarem and Faro, which will march to Sevilha next turn once it is conquered. We launch an attack on Teruel with Toledo's archers and knight, aiming to push towards Valencia and expand our territory. We reinforce Madrid and Burgos with spearman to hold the line against Zaragoza and Pamplona. Our Coimbra forces move to Salamanca, ready to deploy where needed. We also build knights across our realm to strengthen our army for the next push east.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A and provide a JSON response with orders for the next turn.

Let's analyze the current state:
- I hold 12 villages. I need 18 for 2 consecutive turns to win, or eliminate all enemy villages.
- Enemy capital is Barcelona [22], not required to win but probably heavily guarded.
- My villages:
  - [0] Lisboa: 3 knight. Wood 30, Iron 40.
  - [1] Santarem: 3 archer. Wood 30, Iron 60.
  - [2] Evora: 2 spearman, 5 archer. Wood 30, Iron 60.
  - [3] Coimbra: 9 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. Wood 30, Iron 40.
  - [4] Badajoz: 1 spearman, 1 archer. Wood 30, Iron 30. (Marching out: 3 spearmen, 4 archers, 2 knights to [9] Sevilha, arrives in 1 turn).
  - [5] Faro: 1 archer, 2 knight. Wood 35, Iron 40.
  - [6] Porto: 3 archer. Wood 30, Iron 30.
  - [7] Salamanca: 5 spearman, 5 archer. Wood 30, Iron 30.
  - [8] Toledo: 4 archer, 1 knight. Wood 0, Iron 0. (Border with [13] Teruel).
  - [10] Vigo: 2 spearman. Wood 30, Iron 40.
  - [12] Madrid: 4 archer. Wood 30, Iron 40. (Border with [17] Zaragoza).
  - [14] Burgos: 2 spearman, 1 knight. Wood 0, Iron 0. (Border with [19] Pamplona).

- Neutral/Enemy villages visible:
  - [9] Sevilha (neutral): 5 archers, def 13. March from [4] is arriving in 1 turn.
  - [11] Cordoba (neutral): 5 knights, def 13. March from [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
  - [13] Teruel (enemy): 2 archers, def 5. March from [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
  - [17] Zaragoza (enemy): 3 archers, 5 knights, def 20. March from [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
  - [19] Pamplona (enemy): 7 spearmen, def 18. March from [14] Burgos: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

- Unexplored:
  - [16] Valencia, [15] Murcia, [18] Castellon, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona (enemy capital), [23] Girona.

- Road network:
  - [8] Toledo connects to [4], [11], [12], [13].
  - [12] Madrid connects to [7], [8], [14], [17].
  - [14] Burgos connects to [10], [12], [19].
  - [13] Teruel connects to [8], [16], [17], [18].
  - [17] Zaragoza connects to [12], [13], [19], [20], [21].

Let's look at the previous plan:
"Conquer Toledo, Sevilha, and Burgos this turn to expand our territory to 13 villages. Use Madrid's archers and knight to attack Toledo (counter bonus), Badajoz's mixed force to attack Sevilha, and Vigo's spearmen and knights to attack Burgos (counter bonus). After conquering these, consolidate our hold by building up troops in the new villages and preparing to push east towards Zaragoza and the enemy capital."
Wait, the "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" says:
- Your reinforcement arrived at [7] Salamanca.
- You attacked [8] Toledo: VICTORY, conquered.
- You attacked [14] Burgos: VICTORY, conquered.
So Toledo [8] and Burgos [14] are already mine! The plan was to conquer Toledo, Sevilha, and Burgos. Sevilha is currently neutral, and the army from Badajoz [4] is marching to [9] Sevilha, arriving in 1 turn. So next turn (Turn 12), Sevilha will be mine, making 13 villages.
Wait, let's look at the current turn. The prompt says "TURN 11 - You are King A. These numbers are from TURN 11."
The army from [4] to [9] is arriving in 1 turn. This means it will arrive on Turn 12.
So on Turn 12, I will hold Sevilha.
My current count is 12 villages. If Sevilha is captured, it will be 13.
I need 18 out of 24 to win. That's 5 more villages.
The enemy has: [13] Teruel, [17] Zaragoza, [19] Pamplona, and the capital [22] Barcelona, plus probably [15], [16], [18], [20], [21], [23] (unexplored).
Let's see what is visible: [13] Teruel, [17] Zaragoza, [19] Pamplona.
If I attack [13] Teruel from [8] Toledo:
Toledo has 4 archer, 1 knight. Teruel has 2 archers, def 5.
Wait, Toledo is a border village. I can send troops from Toledo to attack Teruel.
But Toledo has 0 wood, 0 iron. It cannot build troops. It can only send its current garrison or receive reinforcements.
Let's look at troop builds. I can build in my interior villages.
Resources:
[0] Lisboa: wood 30, iron 40. Can build knights (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 1 knight. Or archers (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 1 archer, 1 spearman (15 wood).
[1] Santarem: wood 30, iron 60. Can build knights (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 1 knight, or 2 archers, etc.
[2] Evora: wood 30, iron 60.
[3] Coimbra: wood 30, iron 40.
[4] Badajoz: wood 30, iron 30.
[5] Faro: wood 35, iron 40.
[6] Porto: wood 30, iron 30.
[7] Salamanca: wood 30, iron 30.
[10] Vigo: wood 30, iron 40.
[12] Madrid: wood 30, iron 40.
[14] Burgos: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.

Let's plan the next moves.
The army from [4] is arriving at [9] Sevilha next turn. Sevilha will be mine.
I should send reinforcements to [8] Toledo and [14] Burgos, or launch attacks from them.
To attack [13] Teruel (enemy, 2 archers, def 5):
From [8] Toledo, I have 4 archer, 1 knight.
Wait, if I send them to [13] Teruel:
March from [8] to [13] is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
If I send 4 archer, 1 knight:
Attack power: archers count 2 each, knight counts 4. But the most numerous type is archer (4 vs 1 knight). So the counter matchup is archer vs archer (no bonus, or rather, archer counts as the main force). Wait, the defender has 2 archers. Main type is archer. Archer vs archer is no counter bonus.
Wait, the defender is in a village, so they get defense bonus.
Teruel defense: 5 (effective defense, location bonus included).
My attack: 4 archers (attack 2 each = 8) + 1 knight (attack 4) = 12.
Effective attack = 12. Effective defense = 5.
I should win easily. But I will take losses.
Wait, if I send the knight, it's fast, but mixed army moves at slowest speed (archer is medium, knight is fast, so medium speed). March is 1 medium turn.
Is it worth sending the knight from Toledo? Toledo has only 1 knight. If I send it, Toledo will have 0 knights, 4 archers.
What about [14] Burgos attacking [19] Pamplona?
Burgos has 2 spearman, 1 knight. Pamplona has 7 spearmen, def 18.
If I attack Pamplona:
My troops: 2 spearman (attack 1 each = 2), 1 knight (attack 4). Total attack = 6.
Pamplona defense = 18. I will get destroyed.
I need to reinforce Burgos first, or attack a weaker target.
What about [12] Madrid attacking [17] Zaragoza?
Madrid has 4 archers. Zaragoza has 3 archers, 5 knights, def 20.
My attack: 4 archers (attack 8). Def 20. I will lose.
I need to gather a larger army.
Let's look at the unexplored villages.
[16] Valencia connects to [13] Teruel, [15] Murcia.
[15] Murcia connects to [11] Cordoba, [16] Valencia.
[11] Cordoba is neutral, 5 knights, def 13. It connects to [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia.
If I conquer [11] Cordoba, I can reach [15] Murcia.
But Cordoba has 5 knights, def 13.
To attack Cordoba from [8] Toledo:
Toledo has 4 archers, 1 knight.
Attack: 4 archers (8) + 1 knight (4) = 12. Def 13.
Wait, archer vs knight? The defender has 5 knights. Main type is knight.
My main type is archer (4 vs 1). Archer vs knight: knight counters archer!
So the defender (knight) gets the counter bonus against my archers!
Wait, the rule says: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
My army: 4 archers, 1 knight. Most numerous: archer.
Defender army: 5 knights. Most numerous: knight.
Knight counters archer. So the defender gets a 1.5x multiplier!
Effective defense = 13 * 1.5 = 19.5? Or does the counter multiply my force?
"Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
So the attacker gets the multiplier if they have the counter.
If the defender has the counter, does it multiply their defense?
"The side with the HIGHER effective force wins... The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again."
Wait, does the report's "effective defense" include the counter bonus?
"effective defense (location bonus included): 13 (was 10, 5 turns ago)"
It says "location bonus included", not counter bonus. The counter bonus is applied during combat based on the troops present.
Wait, "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup... Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
So if I attack Cordoba with 4 archers, 1 knight, my most numerous is archer. Defender is knight. Knight counters archer, so the DEFENDER has the counter? No, "spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer."
Knight counters archer. So the knight (defender) counters my archers (attacker).
Does the defender get the multiplier? "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." Usually, the one who has the advantage gets the multiplier. If I attack with archers and they defend with knights, they have the counter, so their force is multiplied by 1.5.
So their 5 knights (defense 2 each = 10, plus location bonus? The report says effective defense is 13).
If they get 1.5x, it's 13 * 1.5 = 19.5. My attack is 12. I lose.
If I send spearmen instead: spearman counters knight!
If I send spearmen, they counter the knights.
Where can I get spearmen?
[3] Coimbra has 9 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight.
[7] Salamanca has 5 spearman, 5 archer.
[10] Vigo has 2 spearman.
If I gather spearmen and attack Cordoba, I can counter their knights.
But Cordoba is neutral. March from [8] Toledo to [11] Cordoba is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
If I send troops from [8] Toledo, they are already there. But Toledo has no spearmen.
I can send troops from [3] Coimbra or [7] Salamanca to [8] Toledo, and then from [8] to [11] Cordoba.
But that takes time.
Let's look at the immediate threats and opportunities.
The enemy has [13] Teruel (2 archers, def 5), [17] Zaragoza (3 archers, 5 knights, def 20), [19] Pamplona (7 spearmen, def 18).
Teruel is very weak: 2 archers, def 5.
I can easily take it with Toledo's troops.
Toledo has 4 archers, 1 knight.
If I send 4 archers, 1 knight to [13] Teruel:
Attack: 4 archers (8) + 1 knight (4) = 12.
Defender: 2 archers, def 5.
Main type: archer vs archer. No counter.
Effective attack 12 vs effective defense 5. I win.
Losses: my effective force is 12, theirs is 5. Attrition is against the loser's effective force, so I lose some troops, but I take the village.
Wait, if I take Teruel, I will have 14 villages.
Let's see if I can do more.
What about [12] Madrid? It has 4 archers. It borders [17] Zaragoza (def 20) and [14] Burgos (mine) and [7] Salamanca (mine) and [8] Toledo (mine).
I can send troops from Madrid to reinforce Toledo or Burgos, or keep them in Madrid to defend.
But Madrid borders Zaragoza, which is strong.
I should send troops from Madrid to [8] Toledo to prepare for an attack on [11] Cordoba or [13] Teruel.
Wait, if I send Madrid's 4 archers to Toledo, Toledo will have 8 archers, 1 knight.
Then from Toledo, I can attack [13] Teruel (weak) or [11] Cordoba (neutral, 5 knights).
If I attack Cordoba with 8 archers, 1 knight:
Main type: archer. Defender: knight. Defender has counter. I lose.
If I attack Teruel with 8 archers, 1 knight:
Main type: archer. Defender: 2 archers. No counter. I win easily.
Let's check the march times.
From [12] Madrid to [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
If I send Madrid's archers to Toledo, they arrive in 1 turn.
Then next turn, I can attack Teruel or Cordoba.
But I can also attack Teruel THIS turn from Toledo, and send Madrid's archers to Toledo to arrive at the same time? No, "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So if I send from Toledo and from Madrid to Teruel, they will fight separately.
But I can send from Toledo to Teruel, and from Madrid to Toledo (to reinforce it).
Let's look at the army marching to Sevilha:
From [4] Badajoz: 3 spearmen, 4 archers, 2 knights. Arrives at [9] Sevilha in 1 turn.
So next turn, Sevilha will be mine.
I should also send reinforcements from somewhere to Sevilha to hold it, or build there. But Sevilha is neutral, once I conquer it, it becomes mine. I can send troops to it to garrison it.
Wait, the army from [4] is already marching. I cannot change its orders this turn because it was ordered last turn.
The prompt says: "already marching out (NOT available): 3 spearmen, 4 archers, 2 knights" from [4] Badajoz.
So they will arrive at [9] Sevilha next turn.

Let's look at my resources and builds.
I have 12 villages.
I should build troops to replenish and expand.
Villages with resources:
[0] Lisboa: wood 30, iron 40. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood).
Let's build 1 knight in Lisboa. It has 3 knights at home, cap is 300.
[1] Santarem: wood 30, iron 60. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 archer + 1 spearman (35 wood, 10 iron).
Let's build 1 knight in Santarem.
[2] Evora: wood 30, iron 60. Can build 1 knight or 2 archers.
Let's build 1 knight in Evora.
[3] Coimbra: wood 30, iron 40. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer + 1 spearman (35 wood, 10 iron).
Let's build 1 knight in Coimbra.
[4] Badajoz: wood 30, iron 30. Can build 1 knight or 1 archer + 1 spearman.
Let's build 1 knight in Badajoz.
[5] Faro: wood 35, iron 40. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
Let's build 1 knight in Faro.
[6] Porto: wood 30, iron 30. Can build 1 knight or 1 archer + 1 spearman.
Let's build 1 knight in Porto.
[7] Salamanca: wood 30, iron 30. Can build 1 knight or 1 archer + 1 spearman.
Let's build 1 knight in Salamanca.
[10] Vigo: wood 30, iron 40. Can build 1 knight.
Let's build 1 knight in Vigo.
[12] Madrid: wood 30, iron 40. Can build 1 knight.
Let's build 1 knight in Madrid.

Wait, do I have enough wood and iron?
Yes, each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn.
Let's check the exact numbers:
[0] Lisboa: wood 30, iron 40. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Yes.
[1] Santarem: wood 30, iron 60. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Yes.
[2] Evora: wood 30, iron 60. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Yes.
[3] Coimbra: wood 30, iron 40. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Yes.
[4] Badajoz: wood 30, iron 30. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Yes.
[5] Faro: wood 35, iron 40. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Yes.
[6] Porto: wood 30, iron 30. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Yes.
[7] Salamanca: wood 30, iron 30. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Yes.
[10] Vigo: wood 30, iron 40. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Yes.
[12] Madrid: wood 30, iron 40. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Yes.

Wait, can I build archers instead? Archers cost 20 wood, 10 iron. I can build 1 archer and have 10 wood left, but I can only build one type per order? "build: [ {"villageId": <id>, "type": <"spearman" | "archer" | "knight">, "quantity": <how many to build, 1 or more>} ]"
I can build multiple of the same type. But I can only build one type per village per turn? The schema says "type" and "quantity". It doesn't say I can build multiple types in one village in one turn. Usually, a village can only build one unit type per turn, or multiple of the same type. Let's assume one type per village per turn.
If I build knights, I get fast troops. But knights are expensive.
If I build archers, I get medium troops, cheaper.
Let's build a mix or just knights. Knights are very powerful (attack 4, defense 2). But they are slow to produce? "ready in 1 turn".
Let's build knights in the main villages to build up a mobile force.
Wait, I need to defend my borders.
My borders are:
- [8] Toledo borders [13] Teruel (enemy).
- [12] Madrid borders [17] Zaragoza (enemy).
- [14] Burgos borders [19] Pamplona (enemy).
- [9] Sevilha (will be mine next turn) borders [11] Cordoba (neutral) and [4] Badajoz, [5] Faro.
I need to reinforce [8] Toledo, [12] Madrid, [14] Burgos.
Let's send troops to them.
From [3] Coimbra, I have 9 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. I can send them to [7] Salamanca, then to [12] Madrid or [8] Toledo.
From [7] Salamanca, I have 5 spearman, 5 archer. I can send them to [12] Madrid or [8] Toledo.
From [1] Santarem, I have 3 archer. I can send them to [4] Badajoz, then to [8] Toledo or [9] Sevilha.
From [0] Lisboa, I have 3 knight. I can send them to [1] Santarem, then to [4] Badajoz, then to [8] Toledo. That's too slow.
Let's look at the march distances:
[3] Coimbra to [7] Salamanca: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns.
[3] Coimbra to [12] Madrid: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns.
[7] Salamanca to [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
[7] Salamanca to [8] Toledo: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns.
[12] Madrid to [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
[12] Madrid to [14] Burgos: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
[14] Burgos to [10] Vigo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

Let's plan the movements for this turn:
1. Attack [13] Teruel from [8] Toledo.
Toledo has 4 archers, 1 knight. Teruel has 2 archers, def 5.
Send all available troops from Toledo to Teruel: 4 archers, 1 knight.
Wait, if I send them, Toledo will be empty. Is that okay?
Yes, if I conquer Teruel, I can garrison it. But I need to send reinforcements to Teruel after conquering it, or leave some troops in Toledo to defend it from counter-attacks. But Toledo is deep in my territory, the only enemy border is Teruel. If I take Teruel, the border moves to Valencia [16] or Zaragoza [17].
Actually, Teruel connects to [8] Toledo, [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon.
If I take Teruel, I will border Zaragoza and Valencia.
So sending all of Toledo's troops to Teruel is a good offensive move.
Let's send 4 archers, 1 knight from [8] to [13].

2. Send reinforcements to [8] Toledo to defend it and prepare for the next push.
From [12] Madrid, I have 4 archers. Send them to [8] Toledo.
From [7] Salamanca, I have 5 spearman, 5 archer. Send 5 spearman to [12] Madrid, and 5 archer to [8] Toledo? Or send them directly to [8] Toledo.
Let's send 5 spearman from [7] to [12] Madrid to reinforce Madrid.
And send 4 archers from [12] to [8] Toledo.
Wait, if I send 4 archers from [12] to [8], Madrid will have 0 archers. But I can send 5 spearman from [7] to [12] Madrid. Spearman are slow, but they defend well (defense 2).
Let's check the march from [7] to [12]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So spearman (slow) takes 1 turn.
March from [12] to [8]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Archer (medium) takes 1 turn.
So they will arrive next turn.
Let's do:
- From [7] Salamanca: send 5 spearman to [12] Madrid.
- From [12] Madrid: send 4 archers to [8] Toledo.
- From [8] Toledo: send 4 archers, 1 knight to [13] Teruel.

Wait, what about [14] Burgos? It borders [19] Pamplona (7 spearmen, def 18).
I need to reinforce Burgos.
From [10] Vigo, I have 2 spearman. Send them to [14] Burgos.
March from [10] to [14]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
From [12] Madrid, if I send speararmen, they can go to [14] Burgos (1 turn).
Let's send 2 spearman from [10] Vigo to [14] Burgos.
And maybe some troops from [12] Madrid to [14] Burgos? But I already sent Madrid's archers to Toledo.
I can send some troops from [7] Salamanca to [14] Burgos via [12] Madrid? No, they have to stop at Madrid if it's not mine, but Madrid is mine, so they can pass through. But the rule says: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there... You cannot march past an enemy or neutral village to hit one behind it."
Since Madrid is mine, they can pass through it if I order them to [14] Burgos directly!
Let's check the road: [7] Salamanca connects to [3], [4], [6], [12].
[12] Madrid connects to [7], [8], [14], [17].
So from [7] Salamanca to [14] Burgos, the path is [7] -> [12] -> [14].
Since [12] is mine, the army can march from [7] to [14] directly!
Let's check the march distance from [7] to [14]:
[7] to [12] is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
[12] to [14] is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Total march: 2 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns.
If I send 5 spearman from [7] to [14] Burgos, they take 2 slow turns.
But I can also send them to [12] Madrid (1 turn), and then next turn from [12] to [14] (1 turn). It's the same.
Let's send 5 spearman from [7] Salamanca to [14] Burgos directly. They will arrive in 2 turns.
And send 2 spearman from [10] Vigo to [14] Burgos (1 turn).
This will reinforce Burgos.

Let's look at the western front.
The army from [4] Badajoz is arriving at [9] Sevilha next turn.
I should send reinforcements to [9] Sevilha to hold it.
From [5] Faro, I have 1 archer, 2 knight. Send them to [9] Sevilha.
Road: [5] Faro connects to [2], [4], [9].
So [5] to [9] is direct. March: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
From [2] Evora, I have 2 spearman, 5 archer. Send them to [9] Sevilha?
Road: [2] Evora connects to [0], [5]. So [2] -> [5] -> [9]. That's 2 hops.
From [4] Badajoz, it connects to [1], [5], [7], [8], [9].
But Badajoz is empty now (sent its troops).
From [1] Santarem, I have 3 archer. Send them to [4] Badajoz, then to [9] Sevilha? Or directly to [9]?
Road: [1] Santarem connects to [0], [3], [4].
So [1] -> [4] -> [9]. 2 hops.
Let's send 3 archers from [1] Santarem to [9] Sevilha. They will go via [4] Badajoz. Since [4] is mine, they can pass through.
March from [1] to [9]: [1] to [4] is 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. [4] to [9] is 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Total is 4 hops? No, road distance is measured in turns.
Let's look at the report:
"from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" from [0] Lisboa.
"from [1] Santarem to [8] Toledo: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns."
"from [4] Badajoz to [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns."
So the distances are:
[1] Santarem to [4] Badajoz: probably 1 turn.
[4] Badajoz to [9] Sevilha: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
So [1] to [9] is about 3 turns.
Let's send 3 archers from [1] Santarem to [9] Sevilha.
And send 1 archer, 2 knight from [5] Faro to [9] Sevilha. March is 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
This will garrison Sevilha.

Let's review the builds.
I want to build troops to replenish my losses and prepare for the next offensive.
I have 12 villages. I can build 1 unit in each.
Let's build knights where possible, as they are the strongest.
[0] Lisboa: build 1 knight.
[1] Santarem: build 1 knight.
[2] Evora: build 1 knight.
[3] Coimbra: build 1 knight.
[4] Badajoz: build 1 knight.
[5] Faro: build 1 knight.
[6] Porto: build 1 knight.
[7] Salamanca: build 1 knight.
[10] Vigo: build 1 knight.
[12] Madrid: build 1 knight.
Total 10 knights built this turn. This will give me a strong mobile force.
Wait, do I have enough iron?
[0] Lisboa: iron 40. Knight costs 30. Yes.
[1] Santarem: iron 60. Yes.
[2] Evora: iron 60. Yes.
[3] Coimbra: iron 40. Yes.
[4] Badajoz: iron 30. Yes.
[5] Faro: iron 40. Yes.
[6] Porto: iron 30. Yes.
[7] Salamanca: iron 30. Yes.
[10] Vigo: iron 40. Yes.
[12] Madrid: iron 40. Yes.
All have enough iron.
Wood:
[0] Lisboa: wood 30. Knight costs 30. Yes.
[1] Santarem: wood 30. Yes.
[2] Evora: wood 30. Yes.
[3] Coimbra: wood 30. Yes.
[4] Badajoz: wood 30. Yes.
[5] Faro: wood 35. Yes.
[6] Porto: wood 30. Yes.
[7] Salamanca: wood 30. Yes.
[10] Vigo: wood 30. Yes.
[12] Madrid: wood 30. Yes.
All have enough wood.
So I can build 1 knight in each of these 10 villages.

What about [8] Toledo and [14] Burgos? They have 0 wood, 0 iron. They cannot build.
What about [9] Sevilha? It is neutral, I don't own it yet.
So 10 knights is a good build order.

Let's double check the movements.
- From [8] Toledo: send 4 archers, 1 knight to [13] Teruel.
  Wait, Toledo has 4 archers, 1 knight. Yes.
- From [12] Madrid: send 4 archers to [8] Toledo.
  Madrid has 4 archers. Yes.
- From [7] Salamanca: send 5 spearman to [12] Madrid.
  Salamanca has 5 spearman, 5 archer. Yes.
- From [10] Vigo: send 2 spearman to [14] Burgos.
  Vigo has 2 spearman. Yes.
- From [1] Santarem: send 3 archers to [9] Sevilha.
  Santarem has 3 archers. Yes.
- From [5] Faro: send 1 archer, 2 knight to [9] Sevilha.
  Faro has 1 archer, 2 knight. Yes.

Let's check if there are any other troops I can send.
[3] Coimbra has 9 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight.
Should I send them somewhere?
Coimbra is interior. I can send them to [7] Salamanca to build up the center.
Let's send 9 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight from [3] Coimbra to [7] Salamanca.
March from [3] to [7]: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns.
This will concentrate the army in Salamanca, which can then march to Madrid or Toledo.
Let's do that.

Let's review the plan and statement.
Plan: "Consolidate the western front by garrisoning Sevilha. Launch an offensive from Toledo to capture Teruel, opening a new front towards Valencia. Reinforce Madrid and Burgos with spearman to defend against Zaragoza and Pamplona. Concentrate the Coimbra army in Salamanca as a mobile reserve. Build knights in all productive villages to build up our forces for the next push east."
Statement: "This turn, we consolidate our western holdings by garrisoning Sevilha as our army from Badajoz arrives. We launch a decisive attack on Teruel with Toledo's archers and knight, aiming to breach the enemy's eastern defenses. Simultaneously, we reinforce Madrid and Burgos with spearman to secure our borders, and concentrate our Coimbra forces in Salamanca for rapid deployment. We also build knights across our villages to grow our military strength."

Let's check the JSON format.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 3, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 4, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 5, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 6, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 7, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 10, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 12, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 8, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 4, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 12, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 4, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 7, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 5, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 10, "toId": 14, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 1, "toId": 9, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 3, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 5, "toId": 9, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 3, "toId": 7, "troops": {"spearman": 9, "archer": 2, "knight": 2}}
  ],
  "plan": "...",
  "statement": "..."
}

Let's double check the troop counts in the villages.
[8] Toledo: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight". Correct.
[12] Madrid: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 4 archer, 0 knight". Correct.
[7] Salamanca: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 5 spearman, 5 archer, 0 knight". I am sending 5 spearman to [12]. Correct.
[10] Vigo: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight". Sending 2 spearman to [14]. Correct.
[1] Santarem: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 3 archer, 0 knight". Sending 3 archers to [9]. Correct.
[5] Faro: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight". Sending 1 archer, 2 knight to [9]. Correct.
[3] Coimbra: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 9 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight". Sending all to [7]. Correct.

Wait, is there any conflict with sending troops from [7] to [12] and [3] to [7]?
No, they are separate sends.
Is there any conflict with sending troops from [12] to [8] and [8] to [13]?
No, they are separate sends.
Is there any conflict with sending troops from [1] to [9] and [5] to [9]?
No, "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
Since [9] is neutral, they will fight the garrison of [9] one at a time.
Wait, the army from [4] is arriving at [9] next turn. So [9] will be mine.
If I send troops from [1] and [5] to [9], they will arrive at my own village [9] and join the garrison. They won't fight, they will reinforce.
Wait, the army from [4] is arriving at [9] next turn. So [9] will be mine when my troops from [1] and [5] arrive?
Let's check the march times:
From [4] to [9]: arrives in 1 turn. So on Turn 12, [9] is mine.
From [5] to [9]: "march from [5] Faro to [9] Sevilha: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns."
Wait, the report says:
"[9] Sevilha ... march from [4] Badajoz: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
And the army on the march says:
"- 3 spearmen, 4 archers, 2 knights: [4] -> [9], arrives in 1 turn"
So the march from [4] to [9] takes 1 turn (it was ordered last turn, arrives next turn).
What about the march from [5] to [9]?
The report doesn't give the exact distance from [5] to [9], but it says:
"[5] Faro ... from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
And [9] Sevilha is connected to [4] and [5].
Let's assume [5] to [9] is 1 or 2 turns.
If it takes 2 turns, they will arrive on Turn 13. By then, [9] is already mine.
If it takes 1 turn, they will arrive on Turn 12, same time as the army from [4].
Since [9] is neutral until the army from [4] arrives and conquers it, if my troops from [5] arrive on Turn 12, do they fight the neutral garrison?
"An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination."
If [9] is still neutral when the troops from [5] arrive, they will fight the neutral garrison.
But the army from [4] is also arriving on Turn 12. Who arrives first?
"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
If [9] is neutral, both sends will fight the neutral garrison one at a time.
But the army from [4] is the one ordered to conquer it. If they arrive first and conquer it, then the second send arrives at a friendly village and joins.
If the send from [5] arrives first, it will fight the neutral garrison, conquer it, and then the send from [4] arrives at a friendly village.
Either way, it's fine, but it might cause unnecessary losses.
To be safe, maybe I shouldn't send troops to [9] this turn if they might fight the neutral garrison.
Wait, the army from [4] is already marching. It will conquer [9] on Turn 12.
If I send troops from [5] to [9], they will march along the road. If [9] is neutral when they start, they will fight it if they arrive before it is conquered.
Since the march from [4] takes 1 turn, and the march from [5] might take 1 or 2 turns.
Let's look at the road network:
[5] Faro connects to [2], [4], [9].
So [5] to [9] is a direct road. It should be short, maybe 1 turn.
If it's 1 turn, they arrive on Turn 12.
To avoid friendly fire or duplicate fights, maybe I should send them to [4] Badajoz first, and then next turn to [9]? No, that takes 2 turns.
Or I can just send them to [9] and hope the army from [4] conquers it first.
Actually, the rule says: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
If [9] is neutral, the first arrival fights the garrison. If it wins, [9] becomes mine. The second arrival then joins the garrison.
If the first arrival is the one from [4], it conquers [9], and the one from [5] joins.
If the first arrival is the one from [5], it conquers [9], and the one from [4] joins.
In either case, [9] becomes mine and both armies join. The only difference is which army takes the losses from fighting the neutral garrison.
The army from [4] has 3 spearmen, 4 archers, 2 knights.
The army from [5] has 1 archer, 2 knights.
The army from [4] is larger and better suited to fight the neutral garrison (5 archers, def 13).
So it is better if the army from [4] fights the neutral garrison.
If I send the army from [5] to [9], it might arrive first and fight, which is bad because it's smaller.
So maybe I should NOT send troops from [5] to [9] this turn.
Instead, I can send them to [4] Badajoz (which is mine) to wait there, or just keep them in [5] Faro for now.
Let's keep them in [5] Faro. Or send them to [4] Badajoz.
March from [5] to [4]: direct road. 1 turn.
Then next turn, from [4] to [9] (which is already mine). This is safer.
Let's do that: send 1 archer, 2 knight from [5] Faro to [4] Badajoz.
And send 3 archers from [1] Santarem to [4] Badajoz as well?
[1] Santarem to [4] Badajoz is 1 turn.
Then next turn, they can all go to [9] Sevilha.
This is much safer and avoids fighting the neutral garrison with small forces.

Let's adjust the movements:
- From [8] Toledo: send 4 archers, 1 knight to [13] Teruel.
- From [12] Madrid: send 4 archers to [8] Toledo.
- From [7] Salamanca: send 5 spearman to [12] Madrid.
- From [10] Vigo: send 2 spearman to [14] Burgos.
- From [3] Coimbra: send 9 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight to [7] Salamanca.
- From [1] Santarem: send 3 archers to [4] Badajoz.
- From [5] Faro: send 1 archer, 2 knight to [4] Badajoz.

This looks very solid.
Let's check the resources again.
[4] Badajoz has wood 30, iron 30. It can build 1 knight.
I will build knights in all 10 productive villages.

Let's write the plan and statement.
Plan: "This turn, we focus on securing our borders and preparing the next offensive. We garrison Badajoz with reinforcements from Santarem and Faro, which will march to Sevilha next turn once it is conquered. We attack Teruel with Toledo's troops to expand our territory. We reinforce Madrid and Burgos with spearman to defend against the enemy. We concentrate our Coimbra army in Salamanca as a mobile reserve. We build knights in all our villages to grow our forces."
Statement: "Our army from Badajoz is about to conquer Sevilha, securing our western flank. This turn, we send reinforcements to Badajoz to immediately garrison Sevilha next turn. We launch an attack on Teruel with Toledo's archers and knight, aiming to push towards Valencia. We reinforce Madrid and Burgos with spearman to hold the line against Zaragoza and Pamplona. Our Coimbra forces move to Salamanca, ready to deploy where needed. We also build knights across our realm to strengthen our army."

Let's double check the JSON.
"build" list:
[0] Lisboa: knight 1
[1] Santarem: knight 1
[2] Evora: knight 1
[3] Coimbra: knight 1
[4] Badajoz: knight 1
[5] Faro: knight 1
[6] Porto: knight 1
[7] Salamanca: knight 1
[10] Vigo: knight 1
[12] Madrid: knight 1

"movements" list:
- from 8 to 13: spearman 0, archer 4, knight 1
- from 12 to 8: spearman 0, archer 4, knight 0
- from 7 to 12: spearman 5, archer 0, knight 0
- from 10 to 14: spearman 2, archer 0, knight 0
- from 3 to 7: spearman 9, archer 2, knight 2
- from 1 to 4: spearman 0, archer 3, knight 0
- from 5 to 4: spearman 0, archer 1, knight 2

Let's verify the troop counts again.
[8] Toledo: 4 archer, 1 knight. Sending to 13. Correct.
[12] Madrid: 4 archer. Sending to 8. Correct.
[7] Salamanca: 5 spearman, 5 archer. Sending 5 spearman to 12. Correct.
[10] Vigo: 2 spearman. Sending to 14. Correct.
[3] Coimbra: 9 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. Sending to 7. Correct.
[1] Santarem: 3 archer. Sending to 4. Correct.
[5] Faro: 1 archer, 2 knight. Sending to 4. Correct.

Everything seems perfectly aligned with the rules and the current state.
I will output the JSON.

ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"cavaleiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":8,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":4,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":12,"destinoId":8,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":4,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":7,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":5,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":10,"destinoId":14,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":3,"destinoId":7,"tropas":{"lanceiro":9,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":1,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":5,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":2}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [0]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [1]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [2]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [3]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [4]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [5]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [6]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [7]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [10]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [12]
ACEITO envio [8]->[13]: 4A+1K
ACEITO envio [12]->[8]: 4A
ACEITO envio [7]->[12]: 5S
ACEITO envio [10]->[14]: 2S
ACEITO envio [3]->[7]: 9S+2A+2K
ACEITO envio [1]->[4]: 3A
ACEITO envio [5]->[4]: 1A+2K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Our army from Badajoz is about to conquer Sevilha, securing our western flank. This turn, we send reinforcements to Badajoz from Santarem and Faro, which will march to Sevilha next turn once it is conquered. We launch an attack on Teruel with Toledo's archers and knight, aiming to push towards Valencia and expand our territory. We reinforce Madrid and Burgos with spearman to hold the line against Zaragoza and Pamplona. Our Coimbra forces move to Salamanca, ready to deploy where needed. We also build knights across our realm to strengthen our army for the next push east.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): Our army from Badajoz is about to conquer Sevilha, securing our western flank. This turn, we send reinforcements to Badajoz from Santarem and Faro, which will march to Sevilha next turn once it is conquered. We launch an attack on Teruel with Toledo's archers and knight, aiming to push towards Valencia and expand our territory. We reinforce Madrid and Burgos with spearman to hold the line against Zaragoza and Pamplona. Our Coimbra forces move to Salamanca, ready to deploy where needed. We also build knights across our realm to strengthen our army for the next push east.
########## TURNO 11 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 2861 | resposta 3041 | raciocinio 3041 | finish content_filter | ms 41756
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B in a strategy game.
I need to:
1. Analyze the state of the game.
2. Formulate a plan for the next turn.
3. Write a JSON response with the required fields: `build`, `movements`, `plan`, `statement`.

Let's look at the current state:
- My capital is Barcelona [22].
- My villages: Barcelona [22], Tarragona [21], Girona [23], Castellon [18], Zaragoza [17], Huesca [20], Valencia [16], Teruel [13], Pamplona [19]. Total 9 villages.
- I need to hold 18 of 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. Currently I hold 9 of 24.
- Enemy villages: Madrid [12], Burgos [14], Toledo [8], Salamanca [7], Lisboa [0] (capital). Also other unexplored ones might be enemy or neutral, but let's see. The enemy is King A.
- Neutral villages: Murcia [15]. Others are unexplored: Cordoba [11], Badajoz [4], Porto [6], Vigo [10], Coimbra [3], Sevilha [9], Faro [5], Santarem [1], Evora [2].
- Let's check the road network and positions.
- My border villages:
  - Zaragoza [17] borders Madrid [12] (enemy).
  - Teruel [13] borders Toledo [8] (enemy).
  - Pamplona [19] borders Burgos [14] (enemy).
- Enemy capitals and major villages:
  - Madrid [12]: 4 archers, defense 10.
  - Burgos [14]: 2 spearmen, 1 knight, defense 8.
  - Toledo [8]: 4 archers, 1 knight, defense 13.
  - Salamanca [7]: 8 archers, 2 knights (last seen).
- My troops:
  - Barcelona [22]: 1 knight. (Wait, effective defense 3, troops at home 1/300. Available: 0 spear, 0 archer, 1 knight).
  - Tarragona [21]: 8 troops (7 spearman, 1 archer). Available: 7 spear, 1 arch.
  - Girona [23]: 2 spearman.
  - Castellon [18]: 2 spearman.
  - Zaragoza [17]: 8 troops (3 archer, 5 knight). Available: 0 spear, 3 archer, 5 knight.
  - Huesca [20]: 2 archer.
  - Valencia [16]: 6 troops (3 spear, 1 arch, 2 knight). Available: 3 spear, 1 arch, 2 knight.
  - Teruel [13]: 2 archer.
  - Pamplona [19]: 7 spearman.
- Total troops at home: 38 (21 spear, 9 archer, 8 knight).
- Let's check resources:
  - Barcelona: wood 180, iron 130.
  - Tarragona: wood 120, iron 150.
  - Girona: wood 180, iron 150.
  - Castellon: wood 180, iron 160.
  - Zaragoza: wood 90, iron 70.
  - Huesca: wood 180, iron 130.
  - Valencia: wood 120, iron 60.
  - Teruel: wood 60, iron 40.
  - Pamplona: wood 165, iron 140.

Let's look at the enemy's recent moves:
- King A attacked [8] Toledo: VICTORY, conquered (Wait, Toledo was enemy? "King A attacked [8] Toledo: VICTORY, conquered". Oh, maybe Toledo was neutral or another enemy, but now it's King A's).
- King A attacked [14] Burgos: VICTORY, conquered. So Burgos is also King A's.
So King A has Madrid [12], Burgos [14], Toledo [8], Salamanca [7], Lisboa [0] (presumably).

Let's check the combat rules:
- spearman: attack 1, defense 2, speed slow (costs 15 wood + 0 iron).
- archer: attack 2, defense 2, speed medium (costs 20 wood + 10 iron).
- knight: attack 4, defense 2, speed fast (costs 30 wood + 30 iron).
- Counter triangle: spearman counters knight (1.5x), archer counters spearman (1.5x), knight counters archer (1.5x). Most numerous type sets the matchup.
- Defending: defense counts x1.25 in village, x1.5 in castle. Open field: no bonus.
- Effective defense in report already includes location bonus.

Let's calculate the effective defense of my villages and enemy villages:
- Madrid [12]: defense 10 (garrison 4 archers). Base defense of 4 archers is 4 * 2 = 8. With bonus, it's 10. (Village bonus is 1.25, so 8 * 1.25 = 10).
- Burgos [14]: defense 8 (garrison 2 spearmen, 1 knight). Base defense: 2 * 2 + 2 = 6. 6 * 1.25 = 7.5 -> 8.
- Toledo [8]: defense 13 (garrison 4 archers, 1 knight). Base defense: 4 * 2 + 2 = 10. 10 * 1.25 = 12.5 -> 13.
- Zaragoza [17]: defense 20 (troops at home: 8). Wait, what troops? 3 archer, 5 knight. Base defense: 3 * 2 + 5 * 2 = 16. Castle capital? No, Zaragoza is not capital. But defense is 20. Maybe it has some other troops or it's a castle? "effective defense (location bonus included): 20". If it's a castle, bonus is 1.5. 16 * 1.25 = 20. So village bonus 1.25.
- Tarragona [21]: defense 20. Troops: 8 (7 spear, 1 arch). Base defense: 7 * 2 + 1 * 2 = 16. 16 * 1.25 = 20.
- Pamplona [19]: defense 18. Troops: 7 spear. Base defense: 7 * 2 = 14. 14 * 1.25 = 17.5 -> 18.
- Valencia [16]: defense 15. Troops: 6 (3 spear, 1 arch, 2 knight). Base defense: 3*2 + 1*2 + 2*2 = 12. 12 * 1.25 = 15.

Let's look at the map and road network.
My villages:
Zaragoza [17] connects to Madrid [12], Teruel [13], Pamplona [19], Huesca [20], Tarragona [21].
Teruel [13] connects to Toledo [8], Valencia [16], Zaragoza [17], Castellon [18].
Pamplona [19] connects to Burgos [14], Zaragoza [17], Huesca [20].
Valencia [16] connects to Teruel [13], Murcia [15], Castellon [18].
Castellon [18] connects to Teruel [13], Valencia [16], Tarragona [21].
Tarragona [21] connects to Zaragoza [17], Castellon [18], Barcelona [22].
Barcelona [22] connects to Tarragona [21], Girona [23].
Girona [23] connects to Huesca [20], Barcelona [22].
Huesca [20] connects to Zaragoza [17], Pamplona [19], Girona [23].

Enemy villages I can see:
- Madrid [12] connects to Salamanca [7], Toledo [8], Burgos [14], Zaragoza [17].
- Burgos [14] connects to Vigo [10], Madrid [12], Pamplona [19].
- Toledo [8] connects to Badajoz [4], Cordoba [11], Madrid [12], Teruel [13].
- Salamanca [7] connects to Coimbra [3], Badajoz [4], Porto [6], Madrid [12].

Neutral:
- Murcia [15] connects to Cordoba [11], Valencia [16].

Let's think about strategy.
I have 9 villages. I need 18 to win (75% of 24).
The enemy has at least: Lisboa [0], Santarem [1], Evora [2], Coimbra [3], Badajoz [4], Faro [5], Porto [6], Vigo [10], Cordoba [11], Sevilha [9] (some might be neutral, some enemy). But since King A is the enemy, they probably own most of the western part.
Currently, the enemy has Madrid [12], Burgos [14], Toledo [8], Salamanca [7], Lisboa [0].
If I can conquer Madrid, Burgos, Toledo, and some others, I can get to 18.
But taking them requires attacking them.
Let's look at the troop counts and attack power.
I have:
- Zaragoza [17]: 3 archer, 5 knight. Attack power: 3*2 + 5*4 = 26. But wait, if I send them, they fight alone.
- Tarragona [21]: 7 spear, 1 arch. Attack power: 7*1 + 1*2 = 9.
- Pamplona [19]: 7 spear. Attack power: 7.
- Valencia [16]: 3 spear, 1 arch, 2 knight. Attack power: 3*1 + 1*2 + 2*4 = 13.
- Teruel [13]: 2 arch. Attack power: 4.
- Huesca [20]: 2 arch. Attack power: 4.
- Castellon [18]: 2 spear. Attack power: 2.
- Girona [23]: 2 spear. Attack power: 2.
- Barcelona [22]: 1 knight. Attack power: 4.

Let's look at the enemy's defenses:
- Madrid [12]: defense 10. Garrison: 4 archers.
- Burgos [14]: defense 8. Garrison: 2 spearmen, 1 knight.
- Toledo [8]: defense 13. Garrison: 4 archers, 1 knight.
- Salamanca [7]: defense ? (last seen 8 archers, 2 knights -> defense around 10 * 1.25 = 12.5 -> 13 or more).

If I attack Madrid [12] from Zaragoza [17]:
I can send 3 archers, 5 knights.
Let's calculate the attack:
Most numerous type: knight (5). So knight vs archer? Madrid has 4 archers, so most numerous is archer. Knight counters archer!
So my knights get 1.5x multiplier.
My attack power: 5 knights * 4 * 1.5 = 30. 3 archers * 2 = 6. Total attack = 36.
Madrid defense: 10.
Since attack (36) > defense (10), I win. But I will take losses.
Wait, "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
Loser's effective force is their defense, which is 10.
My troops will suffer attrition. How much? "attrition against the loser's effective force". Usually, the loser's force is subtracted from the winner's force, or some percentage. But the exact rule says: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." I don't know the exact formula, but generally, the winner's force is reduced by the loser's effective force or something similar, or maybe just a fraction. Let's assume I lose some troops but win the village.
If I conquer Madrid [12], I will have 10 villages.
But wait, if I send all 8 troops from Zaragoza, Zaragoza will be empty. Is that safe?
Zaragoza's defense would drop to 0 (or just the buildings). But it's my village, so it won't fall unless attacked. But if I attack Madrid, the enemy might attack Zaragoza at the same time?
"Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now."
So the enemy might attack Zaragoza. If they attack Zaragoza while I empty it, they will conquer it easily.
Currently, the enemy has no armies on the march, but they might send some.
Where can the enemy attack from?
- Madrid [12] can attack Zaragoza [17].
- Burgos [14] can attack Pamplona [19].
- Toledo [8] can attack Teruel [13].
So my border villages are vulnerable if I send all troops away.
To defend, I should keep some troops in border villages, or attack in a way that the enemy is forced to defend.
But I need to grow my army.
Let's look at building troops.
Resources per village:
- Barcelona: wood 180, iron 130. Can build knights (30 wood, 30 iron) or archers (20 wood, 10 iron) or spearmen (15 wood, 0 iron).
  - I can build 4 knights (120 wood, 120 iron). Or 6 archers (120 wood, 60 iron). Or 12 spearmen (180 wood).
  - Let's build knights or archers. Knights are strong but expensive. Archers are good.
  - Since I need to defend and attack, let's build a mix.
  - Wait, cap per village is 300 troops. Currently I have very few troops at home (38 total).
  - Let's build troops to reinforce my borders.
  - Zaragoza [17]: wood 90, iron 70. Can build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) or 5 spearmen (75 wood).
  - Tarragona [21]: wood 120, iron 150. Can build 4 knights (120 wood, 120 iron) or 6 archers (120 wood, 60 iron).
  - Pamplona [19]: wood 165, iron 140. Can build 4 knights (120 wood, 120 iron) or 9 spearmen (135 wood).
  - Valencia [16]: wood 120, iron 60. Can build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
  - Teruel [13]: wood 60, iron 40. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
  - Huesca [20]: wood 180, iron 130. Can build 4 knights (120 wood, 120 iron) or 6 archers (120 wood, 60 iron).
  - Girona [23]: wood 180, iron 150. Can build 5 knights (150 wood, 150 iron).
  - Castellon [18]: wood 180, iron 160. Can build 5 knights (150 wood, 150 iron).
  - Barcelona [22]: wood 180, iron 130. Can build 4 knights (120 wood, 120 iron).

Let's think about the immediate threat and opportunities.
The enemy just conquered Toledo [8] and Burgos [14]. They might be consolidating or preparing an attack.
If I attack Madrid [12] with Zaragoza's troops, I can win, but I might lose Zaragoza if the enemy attacks it.
But if I attack Madrid, the enemy might not attack Zaragoza because they are defending Madrid.
Wait, if I attack Madrid, the enemy in Madrid will defend. The enemy in other places might attack Zaragoza.
Let's look at the road connections to Zaragoza: Madrid [12], Teruel [13], Pamplona [19], Huesca [20], Tarragona [21].
The enemy can only reach Zaragoza from Madrid [12] (since Teruel, Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona are mine).
So the only way the enemy can attack Zaragoza is from Madrid [12].
If I attack Madrid from Zaragoza, I am sending troops from Zaragoza to Madrid.
If the enemy in Madrid does not move, they just defend. If they move, they could attack Zaragoza.
But if they attack Zaragoza, they would be moving from Madrid to Zaragoza.
If I attack Madrid and they attack Zaragoza, we meet on the road? No, Madrid to Zaragoza is a road. If I send troops from Zaragoza to Madrid, and they send from Madrid to Zaragoza, we meet on the road.
"Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there: head-on, or when one catches up with the other on the same stretch of road. It is an open-field battle: BOTH armies count their ATTACK, and neither gets a location bonus; a tie is decided by chance. The losing army is destroyed entirely; the winner takes losses and keeps marching."
If we meet on the road
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
REFORCO [7] Salamanca dono A: 5S+2A
COMBATE [8] Toledo: atacante A Fatk=14 (ef 21) Fdef=10 (ef 13) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~4
COMBATE [14] Burgos: atacante A Fatk=11 (ef 17) Fdef=10 (ef 13) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~4
placar: A 12 ald/tropas 23 | B 9 ald/tropas 38 | neutras 3 | transito 8 (A 8 | B 0)

########## TURNO 12 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3574 | resposta 6790 | raciocinio 6790 | finish content_filter | ms 83110
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: We need to parse the situation. The user is King A, playing a turn-based strategy game. The current turn is 12. We have 14 villages out of 24. Need to hold 18 for 2 consecutive turns or eliminate every enemy village. Enemy capital is Barcelona (22) but not required to win.

We have 14 villages listed. Enemy villages seen: [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [19] Pamplona. Unexplored: [15] Murcia, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona, [23] Girona. So enemy has at least 4 known villages plus capital and others, total enemy villages = 24 - 14 = 10, but we only see some.

We need to issue orders: build and movements. Simultaneous. We need to write a JSON with "build", "movements", "plan", "statement". No extra text.

We need to decide on strategy. We currently hold 14. Need 18 for 2 turns. Could try to conquer more villages. We have troops at home and marching.

We have armies on march: from Coimbra [3] to Salamanca [7] arriving in 1 turn (9 spearmen, 2 archers, 2 knights). That's a marching army.

We have available troops at each village. Need to consider building new troops. Resources: each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. We need to check if we can afford builds.

We need to consider enemy movements unknown. But we can plan.

We need to output JSON. Let's analyze the map.

Our villages: 0-10 are interior, 12,13,14 are border. Enemy villages: 16,17,18,19. Neutral: 11 Cordoba.

Road network: from our border villages, we can attack enemy villages. For example, from Madrid [12] to Zaragoza [17] (1 turn). From Teruel [13] to Valencia [16] (1 turn), to Castellon [18] (2 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns? Actually says 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns). From Burgos [14] to Pamplona [19] (1 turn). Also from Teruel to Zaragoza [17] (1 turn). Also from Madrid to Burgos? Already ours.

We also have neutral Cordoba [11] connected to Toledo [8], Sevilha [9], Murcia [15]. Could attack Cordoba to gain a village, but it has 5 knights, defense 13. Might be tough.

We need to increase our village count to 18. We have 14, need 4 more. Could attack enemy villages: Valencia, Zaragoza, Castellon, Pamplona. Also maybe Murcia, Huesca, Tarragona, Barcelona, Girona unknown.

But we need to hold them for 2 consecutive turns, so we need to defend them.

We have troops at home: total 60 soldiers at home (14 spearman, 28 archer, 18 knight) + 13 marching. Actually the marching army is 9 spearmen, 2 archers, 2 knights = 13 troops.

We need to decide which villages to attack this turn. Since orders are simultaneous, we need to send armies. We can send multiple armies from different villages. They fight alone.

We need to consider travel times. For example, from Madrid to Zaragoza is 1 turn (slow/medium/fast? It says 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns). So any troop type will take 1 turn. From Teruel to Valencia is also 1 turn. From Teruel to Castellon is 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns, so slow troops take 2 turns, medium 1, fast 1. From Burgos to Pamplona is 1 turn.

We also have interior villages that can send troops to border villages to reinforce, then next turn attack.

We need to consider building troops. Each village has resources. We can build spearman (15 wood, 0 iron), archer (20 wood, 10 iron), knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. So most villages can afford at least one troop per turn. But we need to check stockpiles: each village has wood and iron amounts listed. For example, Lisboa [0] has wood 30, iron 30. Can build a knight (30 wood, 30 iron) exactly. Or two archers (40 wood, 20 iron) but wood only 30, so can't. Or one archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and have leftover. Or spearman (15 wood, 0 iron). We need to order builds that the village can pay for NOW.

We should probably build many troops to increase army size. But we also need to consider cap per village: 300 troops at home stops building. Our villages have low numbers, so fine.

We need to decide on a plan. The campaign note from last turn: "Our army from Badajoz is about to conquer Sevilha, securing our western flank. This turn, we send reinforcements to Badajoz from Santarem and Faro, which will march to Sevilha next turn once it is conquered. We launch an attack on Teruel with Toledo's archers and knight, aiming to push towards Valencia and expand our territory. We reinforce Madrid and Burgos with spearman to hold the line against Zaragoza and Pamplona. Our Coimbra forces move to Salamanca, ready to deploy where needed. We also build knights across our realm to strengthen our army for the next push east."

But the map has changed: last turn we attacked Sevilha and Teruel, both victorious. So Sevilha [9] is now ours (was already ours? Actually it says "You attacked [9] Sevilha: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 3 troops)". But [9] was already listed as YOUR VILLAGES. Wait, the list includes [9] Sevilha as YOUR VILLAGES. So maybe it was already ours? The note says "conquered", but it's in our list. Possibly it was enemy and we conquered it last turn, now it's ours. Similarly Teruel [13] was conquered, now ours. So we have 14 villages.

The plan from last turn may still be relevant: we want to push east. We have Teruel, Madrid, Burgos as border villages. We can attack Valencia, Zaragoza, Castellon, Pamplona.

We need to hold 18 villages. We have 14. We need to conquer 4 more and hold them for 2 turns. Alternatively, eliminate every enemy village, which would require taking all 10 enemy villages. That might be harder.

Let's consider attacking multiple targets simultaneously. We can send armies from our border villages and from interior villages to reinforce.

We need to consider the enemy's possible defenses. We don't know their armies, but we can see garrisons. For example, Valencia [16] has 3 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights, defense 15. Zaragoza [17] has 3 archers, 5 knights, defense 20. Castellon [18] has 2 spearmen, defense 5. Pamplona [19] has 7 spearmen, defense 18.

We can try to conquer Castellon because it's weak (2 spearmen, defense 5). But it's 2 turns away for slow troops. We could send knights from Teruel (1 turn) or archers (1 turn). Actually travel time: from Teruel to Castellon: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So knights and archers arrive in 1 turn, spearmen in 2 turns. So we can send knights/archers and they'll arrive next turn. But we need to consider that the enemy might reinforce.

Alternatively, attack Valencia from Teruel (1 turn). Valencia has 3 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights, defense 15. We can send enough troops to win.

Zaragoza from Madrid or Teruel (1 turn). Zaragoza has 3 archers, 5 knights, defense 20. That's strong.

Pamplona from Burgos (1 turn). Pamplona has 7 spearmen, defense 18.

We also have neutral Cordoba [11] with 5 knights, defense 13. Could attack from Toledo or Sevilha (1 turn). If we conquer it, we get a village, but it's neutral, not enemy. It would become ours, increasing our count. But we need to hold it.

We need 4 more villages. Options: Cordoba (neutral), Valencia, Castellon, Pamplona, Zaragoza, and unknown ones.

Maybe we should attack Castellon and Cordoba this turn, as they are weaker. But we need to consider that we can only send troops from villages that have them.

Let's list available troops at each village:

[0] Lisboa: 4 knight (attack 16). Can send.
[1] Santarem: 1 knight (4).
[2] Evora: 2 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight (attack 16).
[3] Coimbra: already marching out (9 spearmen, 2 archers, 2 knights) to Salamanca. At home: 1 knight? Actually says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight". But also "already marching out (NOT available): 9 spearmen, 2 archers, 2 knights". So Coimbra has 1 knight at home.
[4] Badajoz: 1 spearman, 5 archer, 3 knight (attack 23).
[5] Faro: 1 knight (4).
[6] Porto: 3 archer, 1 knight (10).
[7] Salamanca: 5 archer, 1 knight (14). But note: Coimbra's army is arriving at Salamanca in 1 turn. So Salamanca will have those reinforcements next turn. But for this turn, we can only send what's currently there. The report says Salamanca has 6 troops at home: 5 archer, 1 knight? Actually "troops at home: 6 / 300" and "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight". So we can send those.
[8] Toledo: 4 archer (8). (0 spearman, 4 archer, 0 knight)
[9] Sevilha: 2 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight (12).
[10] Vigo: 1 knight (4).
[13] Teruel: 3 archer, 1 knight (10). (0 spearman)
[12] Madrid: 5 spearman, 1 knight (9). (0 archer)
[14] Burgos: 4 spearman, 1 knight (8). (0 archer)

Also we have marching army from Coimbra to Salamanca: 9 spearmen, 2 archers, 2 knights. They will arrive at Salamanca next turn.

We need to decide where to send troops. We can send from multiple villages to different targets.

Consider attacking Castellon [18] from Teruel [13]. Teruel has 3 archer, 1 knight. Attack power: archers attack 2 each = 6, knight attack 4, total 10. But we need to consider defense. Castellon has 2 spearmen, defense 5 (effective defense including location bonus is 5). Actually effective defense is 5. So our attack power 10 vs defense 5, we should win easily. But we need to consider counter triangle. Our army: 3 archers, 1 knight. Most numerous type: archers (3). Enemy: 2 spearmen, so most numerous is spearmen. Archer counters spearman? Actually archer counters spearman (counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer). So our archers counter their spearmen, giving 1.5x bonus. So effective attack = (3*2 + 1*4) * 1.5? Wait, the rule: "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." The force is probably the total attack of the most numerous type? Or the whole army? It says: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counts knight; archer counts spearman; knight counts archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." I think "force" means the total attack of the army? Or the attack of the most numerous type? Usually in such games, the counter applies to the attack value of the unit that counters. But the description: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So we determine which type is most numerous for each side. Then if our most numerous type counters their most numerous type, we get a bonus of 1.5x to our force. What is "force"? Probably the total effective attack? Or maybe the attack of the most numerous type? The rules: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs." Then "Counter triangle... Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So likely the total attack of all our troops is multiplied by 1.5 if we have the counter. Similarly, defense might not get counter bonus? It says "the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs." No mention of counter for defense. So attack gets bonus if counter.

So in this case, our most numerous is archers (3), their most numerous is spearmen (2). Archer counters spearman, so we get 1.5x bonus to our total attack. Total attack = 3*2 + 1*4 = 10. With bonus = 15. Their defense = 5 (effective). So we win with force 15 vs 5. We would take losses but should capture.

But we need to consider that we might want to send more troops to ensure victory and reduce losses. We could send from other villages to Teruel to reinforce before attacking? But movements are simultaneous: if we send troops from Toledo to Teruel, they will take time to arrive. Toledo to Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So if we send knights/archers, they arrive in 1 turn. That means they would arrive at Teruel next turn, not this turn. So they cannot join the attack this turn. We can only attack with troops that are currently in the village. So we need to decide which troops to send from where directly to enemy villages.

We can send troops from Teruel to Castellon, but they will take 1 turn for archers/knights, 2 turns for spearmen. So if we send archers and knight, they arrive next turn and fight then. So the attack happens next turn. That's fine.

Similarly, we can send from Madrid to Zaragoza (1 turn), from Burgos to Pamplona (1 turn), from Teruel to Valencia (1 turn), from Toledo to Cordoba (1 turn), from Sevilha to Cordoba (1 turn? Sevilha to Cordoba: road? [9] Sevilha connects to [11] Cordoba. Yes, direct road. Travel time? Not listed, but likely 1 turn for fast, etc. We need to check: from [9] Sevilha to [11] Cordoba is not listed in the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" section, but we can infer distance. The report says "march from [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Cordoba. From [9] Sevilha, it might be similar. We can assume 1 turn for fast/medium, maybe 2 for slow. But we don't have exact times. We can only use the given march times. For Sevilha, the nearest border village is Teruel, but we can see Cordoba is connected. The report doesn't give march time from Sevilha to Cordoba. We might need to estimate or only use known times. The rules say we can send to any village, but we need to know travel time. The report gives march times from each village to its nearest border village, but not to all. We can probably infer from road network. However, to be safe, we should only use the provided march times or assume similar. The game likely expects us to use the given times. For interior villages, they list "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns" etc. That doesn't give times to other targets. But we can compute based on the road network? The rules say: "Travel time is measured along the roads: a village that looks close on the map can be far by road. See the ROAD NETWORK block in the report." But we don't have a map, only the road list. We need to deduce distances from the road connections. However, the report provides march times from each village to its nearest border village. For other destinations, we might need to calculate. But perhaps the game expects us to only use the provided times for attacks? Actually, we can order movements to any village, and the game will compute travel time. As the player, we need to estimate based on the road network. But since this is a text interface, we might not have exact times. The instructions say: "The report shows travel time per speed (e.g. 'march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns')." So for each village, they give times to the nearest border village. For other destinations, we might need to sum times along roads. But we don't have a distance metric. However, we can look at the road network: each connection is a road, but we don't know the length of each road. The given times might be for the whole path to the border. For example, from Lisboa to Teruel: 3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns. That's the total travel time from Lisboa to Teruel. So we can use that as the time to reach that border village. If we want to go from an interior village to an enemy village, we might need to go through other villages. But the rule says: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So we cannot march past an enemy or neutral village. So to attack an enemy village, we must start from a village that has a direct road to it without passing through another non-friendly village? Actually, we can march along roads, and if we encounter an enemy or neutral village, we stop and fight there. So to attack a specific enemy village, we need to ensure the path doesn't have another enemy/neutral village before it. From our border villages, we have direct roads to enemy villages. For example, from Madrid [12] to Zaragoza [17] is direct. From Teruel [13] to Valencia [16], Zaragoza [17], Castellon [18] are direct. From Burgos [14] to Pamplona [19] is direct. From Toledo [8] to Cordoba [11] is direct. From Sevilha [9] to Cordoba [11] is direct. So we can attack these directly.

What about attacking Murcia [15]? It's connected to Cordoba [11] and Valencia [16]. To attack Murcia, we would need to go through Cordoba (neutral) or Valencia (enemy). We would stop at Cordoba first. So we should attack Cordoba first.

So our immediate attacks can be: Cordoba (neutral), Valencia, Zaragoza, Castellon, Pamplona.

We need to decide which to attack this turn. We can send multiple armies.

Let's consider our troop strength. We have many archers and knights, some spearmen. We want to minimize losses and conquer efficiently.

We can try to conquer Castellon (weak) and Cordoba (neutral, but has 5 knights). Also maybe Valencia.

But we need to hold 118 villages for 2 turns. If we conquer, say, Castellon and Cordoba, we would have 16. Still need 2 more. We could also attack Valencia or Pamplona. But we might not have enough troops to attack all simultaneously.

We need to consider that we can also build new troops this turn to reinforce next turn. But building takes 1 turn, so they are ready next turn. We can then send them next turn.

Let's think about the enemy's possible moves. They might attack our border villages. We need to defend. Our border villages have some troops at home. For example, Madrid has 5 spearmen, 1 knight (defense 15 effective). Teruel has 3 archers, 1 knight (defense 10). Burgos has 4 spearmen, 1 knight (defense 13). These might be enough to hold against attacks, but we should reinforce them perhaps.

We can send troops from interior villages to border villages to reinforce. For example, send from Lisboa to Teruel? But travel time: Lisboa to Teruel is 3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns. That's far. Better to send from closer villages. For Madrid, we can send from Salamanca (1 turn) or Toledo (1 turn) or Burgos? Actually Salamanca to Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns (from Salamanca's line: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"). So we can send from Salamanca to Madrid quickly. Similarly, from Toledo to Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns? Toledo's line says "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". It doesn't list Madrid, but Toledo is connected to Madrid. The distance might be similar. We can assume 1 turn for fast/medium. But we need to be careful: if we send from Toledo to Madrid, they might pass through other villages? Road from Toledo to Madrid: [8] Toledo connects to [12] Madrid directly? The road network: [8] Toledo: [4], [11], [12], [13]. So yes, direct road to Madrid. So travel time likely 1 turn for fast/medium, 2 for slow? But we don't have exact times. The report only gives times to the nearest border village. For Toledo, nearest border is Teruel (1 turn). Madrid is also a border village. So we can assume similar.

We can also send from Evora to Badajoz? Not needed.

We need to decide on a concrete plan.

Goal: reach 18 villages. We have 14. We can try to take Cordoba, Castellon, Valencia, and one more (Pamplona or Zaragoza) to get to 18. But we need to hold them for 2 turns, so we need to defend them.

Alternatively, we could focus on one front, taking multiple villages in a row.

Let's list enemy villages and their defenses:
- Valencia [16]: defense 15, garrison 3 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights.
- Zaragoza [17]: defense 20, garrison 3 archers, 5 knights.
- Castellon [18]: defense 5, garrison 2 spearmen.
- Pamplona [19]: defense 18, garrison 7 spearmen.

Castellon is very weak. We should take it. From Teruel, we can send archers and knight. They arrive in 1 turn. We could also send from other villages to Teruel to join next turn? But they would arrive at Teruel next turn, then need another turn to march to Castellon. So if we send reinforcements to Teruel this turn, they arrive next turn, then next turn they can march to Castellon (another 1 turn), so they'd attack the turn after next. Meanwhile, our initial attack from Teruel this turn will arrive next turn and fight. If we win, we take Castellon next turn. Then we need to hold it. We could send reinforcements from Teruel to Castellon after it's ours? But we can send troops directly to Castellon after it's ours? Actually, we can send troops to a village we own to reinforce. But if we just conquered it, we don't have troops there yet. The garrison after conquest: the winning army takes losses, and the loser's army is destroyed. The winner's surviving troops become the garrison? Usually in these games, the attacking army that wins occupies the village, and the survivors stay there. So if we attack Castellon with troops from Teruel, the survivors will be in Castellon after battle. So we don't need to send separate reinforcements immediately; the attacking army becomes the garrison. But we might want to send additional troops to ensure we have enough to defend against enemy counterattack.

So we can plan to attack Castellon with a strong force. From Teruel, we have 3 archers, 1 knight. That might be enough, but we could also send from other villages directly to Castellon? Only Teruel has direct road. So we can only attack from Teruel (or from Valencia after we take it, but that's later). So we need to send from Teruel. We could also send from Toledo to Teruel to reinforce Teruel, but they arrive next turn, too late for the attack on Castellon this turn. They could be used to defend Teruel or later attack Valencia.

We could also attack Valencia from Teruel at the same time? But we can only send one army from Teruel this turn. We have to choose which troops to send where. We can split the troops in Teruel: some to Castellon, some to Valencia? But the rules: "Each village you hold produces resources...". We can send multiple armies from the same village? The orders allow multiple movements from the same village? The JSON structure: "movements": [ {"fromId": ..., "toId": ..., "troops": {...}} ]. We can have multiple movements from the same village, as long as we don't exceed available troops. So we can split the garrison. For example, from Teruel, send 2 archers to Castellon and 1 archer + 1 knight to Valencia? But then they would march separately. However, travel times: to Castellon is 1 turn for archers, to Valencia is 1 turn. So they'd both arrive next turn. But we need to consider that if we split, the attack on each might be weaker. Better to focus on one target at a time to ensure victory and minimize losses.

Alternatively, we can attack multiple targets from different villages. For example, from Madrid attack Zaragoza, from Burgos attack Pamplona, from Teruel attack Valencia, from Toledo attack Cordoba. That would be four attacks simultaneously. We have enough troops? Let's check available troops at each:

- Madrid: 5 spearman, 1 knight. Attack power: spearman attack 1 each = 5, knight 4, total 9. No counter bonus likely because enemy has archers and knights. Zaragoza defense 20. Our attack 9 is much lower, we'd lose badly. So not good.
- Burgos: 4 spearman, 1 knight (attack 8 vs Pamplona defense 18). Also bad.
- Teruel: 3 archer, 1 knight (attack 10 vs Valencia defense 15). Might be close. With counter? Valencia has 3 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights. Most numerous: spearmen (3). Our most numerous: archers (3). Archer counters spearman, so 1.5x bonus. Effective attack = 10 * 1.5 = 15. Defense 15. Tie? Tie favors defender. So we would lose or tie? Actually tie favors defender, so we might not win. We need higher effective force. So we might need more troops.
- Toledo: 4 archers (attack 8) vs Cordoba defense 13, with 5 knights. Most numerous: knights (5). Our most numerous: archers (4). Archer does not counter knight; knight counters archer. So we get no bonus, and enemy might get bonus? The counter triangle: "spearman counts knight; archer counts spearman; knight counts archer." So if enemy most numerous is knight, and we are archers, knight counters archer, so enemy gets 1.5x bonus to their defense? The rule says: "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't specify if defender gets counter bonus. It says "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle... Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It seems the counter applies to the attacker's force if they have the counter. What about defender? It doesn't mention defender getting counter. So only attacker gets bonus if they have the counter. So if we attack with archers and enemy has knights, we do not get counter bonus (since archer does not counter knight). The enemy might have a counter against us? The rule says "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup". It might be that both sides check: if attacker's most numerous type counters defender's most numerous type, attacker gets 1.5x. If defender's most numerous type counters attacker's most numerous type, does defender get bonus? It doesn't say. Typically in such games, only attacker gets bonus for counter. But we should assume only attacker gets bonus if they counter. So in our attack on Cordoba, we have archers vs knights: archers do not counter knights, so no bonus. Our attack 8 vs defense 13, we lose.

So we need to send larger armies. We can reinforce our border villages by sending troops from interior villages to them, then next turn they can attack. For example, send troops from interior to Teruel, then next turn Teruel has more troops, can attack Valencia or Castellon with stronger force.

We also have the marching army from Coimbra to Salamanca arriving next turn. That's 9 spearmen, 2 archers, 2 knights. They can then be sent from Salamanca to Madrid or elsewhere.

We need to plan over multiple turns. The "plan" field is for the next several turns. We can write a plan and then execute the first turn's orders.

Let's think about a strategy to reach 18 villages. We have 14. We need 4 more. The easiest are Castellon (defense 5) and Cordoba (defense 13 but neutral, so we can take it). Also maybe Valencia after reinforcement. Pamplona and Zaragoza are tougher.

We could also attack the unknown villages if we can reach them. But we don't know their garrisons. They might be strong.

Maybe we should focus on the southern front: take Cordoba, then Murcia, then Valencia? Or northern front: take Pamplona, then Zaragoza, etc.

Let's consider resources and building. We should build troops every turn to grow our army. We need to decide which villages to build what. We have many wood and iron. We can build knights because they are powerful but expensive. We can build archers as cheaper. Spearmen are cheap but weak.

We need to output a JSON with "build" and "movements". We can build multiple troops in different villages.

Let's list each village's resources and what they can build:

[0] Lisboa: wood 30, iron 30. Can build: 1 knight (30/30) or 2 archers (40/20) not enough wood, or 1 archer (20/10) + 1 spearman (15/0) = 35 wood >30, so can't. So best: 1 knight, or 1 archer + 1 spearman? 20+15=35 wood, too much. So only 1 knight, or 1 archer (leaves 10 wood, 20 iron), or
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
########## TURNO 12 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3528 | resposta 10566 | raciocinio 7619 | finish stop | ms 100756
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 5},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 5},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 5},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 5},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 5},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 5}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 16, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 3, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 4}},\n    {\"fromId\": 17, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 8}},\n    {\"fromId\": 19, \"toId\": 14, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 7, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 5}},\n    {\"fromId\": 18, \"toId\": 15, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 5}},\n    {\"fromId\": 22, \"toId\": 21, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 6}},\n    {\"fromId\": 23, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 5}},\n    {\"fromId\": 20, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 5}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Launch a massive four-front offensive to conquer Teruel, Madrid, Burgos, and Murcia, bringing our held villages to 12. Convert all resources to knights for speed and power. Reinforce Tarragona and Zaragoza to prepare for the next turn's push into the unexplored south.\",\n  \"statement\": \"On Turn 12, King B orders all villages to convert their resources into knights, unleashing a swift and powerful cavalry force. We launch simultaneous offensives on four fronts: Valencia strikes Teruel, Zaragoza assaults Madrid, Pamplona attacks Burgos, and Castellon marches on Murcia. Reinforcements are dispatched from Barcelona to Tarragona, and from Girona and Huesca to Zaragoza to secure our borders and prepare for the push into the unexplored south. The tide of the war is turning in our favor!\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B in a strategy game.
Let's analyze the state of the game.
Map has 24 villages. I need to hold at least 18 of them for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.
I currently hold 8 of 24.
Let's list my villages:
- [22] Barcelona (Capital): 1 knight at home. Wood 210, Iron 150.
- [21] Tarragona: 7 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight. Wood 150, Iron 170.
- [23] Girona: 2 spearman. Wood 210, Iron 170.
- [18] Castellon: 2 spearman. Wood 210, Iron 180.
- [17] Zaragoza: 0 spearman, 3 archer, 5 knight. Wood 120, Iron 90.
- [20] Huesca: 0 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight. Wood 210, Iron 150.
- [16] Valencia: 3 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. Wood 150, Iron 80.
- [19] Pamplona: 7 spearman. Wood 195, Iron 160.

Enemy villages visible:
- [13] Teruel (King A): 3 archers, 1 knight. Defense 10. March from [16] Valencia: 1 turn.
- [12] Madrid (King A): 5 spearmen, 1 knight. Defense 15. March from [17] Zaragoza: 1 turn.
- [14] Burgos (King A): 4 spearmen, 1 knight. Defense 13. March from [19] Pamplona: 1 turn.
Neutral:
- [15] Murcia (Neutral): 5 archers. Defense 13. March from [16] Valencia: 1 turn.

Let's look at the enemy capital [0] Lisboa, and other unexplored villages.
The goal is to hold 18 villages. I currently hold 8.
Wait, let's look at the combat and economy rules.
Troop types:
spearman: cost 15 wood, 0 iron. attack 1, defense 2.
archer: cost 20 wood, 10 iron. attack 2, defense 2.
knight: cost 30 wood, 30 iron. attack 4, defense 2.

Let's calculate the resources I have and what I can build.
Each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn.
Cap per village: 300 troops.
Let's see what we can build this turn.
We have:
Barcelona: Wood 210, Iron 150. Can build knights (30 wood, 30 iron) or archers (20 wood, 10 iron) or spearmen (15 wood, 0 iron).
With 210 wood, 150 iron, we can build:
- 5 knights (150 wood, 150 iron) -> 5 knights.
- Or 7 archers (140 wood, 70 iron).
- Or some mix. Let's build knights if we can, or archers. Knights are fast and high attack. But they cost 30 iron. Let's build 4 knights (120 wood, 120 iron) or 5 knights (150 wood, 150 iron). Let's build 5 knights in Barcelona. Wait, cap is 300, currently 1 knight, so we can build up to 299. Let's build 5 knights.
Let's look at Tarragona: Wood 150, Iron 170.
Can build:
- 5 knights (150 wood, 150 iron) -> 5 knights.
- Or 7 archers (140 wood, 70 iron) + 10 spearmen? Wood 150: 7 archers (140 wood) + 0 spearmen (10 wood left).
Let's build 5 knights in Tarragona.
Girona: Wood 210, Iron 170.
Can build:
- 5 knights (150 wood, 150 iron) -> 5 knights.
- Or 10 archers (200 wood, 100 iron).
Let's build 5 knights in Girona.
Castellon: Wood 210, Iron 180.
Can build:
- 5 knights (150 wood, 150 iron) -> 5 knights.
- Or 7 archers (140 wood, 70 iron).
Let's build 5 knights in Castellon.
Zaragoza: Wood 120, Iron 90.
Can build:
- 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron) -> 3 knights.
- Or 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron).
Let's build 3 knights in Zaragoza.
Huesca: Wood 210, Iron 150.
Can build:
- 5 knights (150 wood, 150 iron) -> 5 knights.
Let's build 5 knights in Huesca.
Valencia: Wood 150, Iron 80.
Can build:
- 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) -> 2 knights. Or 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron). Let's build 2 knights.
Pamplona: Wood 195, Iron 160.
Can build:
- 5 knights (150 wood, 150 iron) -> 5 knights.
Let's build 5 knights in Pamplona.

Wait, do we have enough resources to build all these?
Let's check the total wood and iron for each village.
Barcelona: Wood 210, Iron 150. Build 5 knights (costs 150 wood, 150 iron). Remaining: Wood 60, Iron 0.
Tarragona: Wood 150, Iron 170. Build 5 knights (costs 150 wood, 150 iron). Remaining: Wood 0, Iron 20.
Girona: Wood 210, Iron 170. Build 5 knights (costs 150 wood, 150 iron). Remaining: Wood 60, Iron 20.
Castellon: Wood 210, Iron 180. Build 5 knights (costs 150 wood, 150 iron). Remaining: Wood 60, Iron 30.
Zaragoza: Wood 120, Iron 90. Build 3 knights (costs 90 wood, 90 iron). Remaining: Wood 30, Iron 0.
Huesca: Wood 210, Iron 150. Build 5 knights (costs 150 wood, 150 iron). Remaining: Wood 60, Iron 0.
Valencia: Wood 150, Iron 80. Build 2 knights (costs 60 wood, 60 iron). Remaining: Wood 90, Iron 20.
Pamplona: Wood 195, Iron 160. Build 5 knights (costs 150 wood, 150 iron). Remaining: Wood 45, Iron 10.

Total knights built: 5+5+5+5+3+5+2+5 = 35 knights.
Let's see if we can attack some enemy villages to expand.
Our current troops:
Barcelona: 1 knight. We build 5, so 6 knights.
Tarragona: 7 spearman, 1 archer. We build 5 knights, so 7 spearman, 1 archer, 5 knights.
Girona: 2 spearman. We build 5 knights, so 2 spearman, 5 knights.
Castellon: 2 spearman. We build 5 knights, so 2 spearman, 5 knights.
Zaragoza: 3 archer, 5 knight. We build 3 knights, so 3 archer, 8 knights.
Huesca: 2 archer. We build 5 knights, so 2 archer, 5 knights.
Valencia: 3 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. We build 2 knights, so 3 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knights.
Pamplona: 7 spearman. We build 5 knights, so 7 spearman, 5 knights.

Let's look at the enemies we can attack:
- [13] Teruel: 3 archers, 1 knight. Defense 10. March from [16] Valencia: 1 turn.
We can send troops from Valencia. Valencia has 3 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knights (after build).
Let's see if we can defeat Teruel's defense of 10.
Wait, let's understand the combat rules.
"When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs."
"Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
"The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
"Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital). In the open field (on a road) there is no bonus."
"The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER."
"The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
"The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again."

Let's calculate the attack of our army if we send from Valencia to Teruel.
Valencia has: 3 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knights.
If we send all:
Attack values:
spearman: attack 1. 3 spearman = 3 attack.
archer: attack 2. 1 archer = 2 attack.
knight: attack 4. 4 knights = 16 attack.
Total raw attack = 3 + 2 + 16 = 21.
What is the most numerous type?
We have 3 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knights.
Most numerous is knight (4).
The defender (Teruel) has: 3 archers, 1 knight.
Most numerous is archer (3).
Our most numerous is knight. Defender's most numerous is archer.
Knight counters archer! So we get the counter bonus: our force is multiplied by 1.5.
Effective attack = 21 * 1.5 = 31.5.
Defender's effective defense is 10 (already includes location bonus).
Since 31.5 > 10, we win!
Let's see the losses.
"The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
How is attrition calculated? "attrition against the loser's effective force".
Usually, the winner takes losses equal to some fraction or the loser's effective force divided by something, or maybe just the loser's effective force?
Wait, "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." Let's assume we take some losses, but we conquer the village.
If we conquer Teruel, we get its resources and it becomes ours.
Wait, can we send from Zaragoza to Madrid?
Zaragoza has: 3 archer, 8 knights (after build).
If we send all to Madrid:
Attack values:
archer: attack 2. 3 archers = 6 attack.
knight: attack 4. 8 knights = 32 attack.
Total raw attack = 38.
Most numerous is knight (8).
Defender (Madrid) has: 5 spearmen, 1 knight.
Most numerous is spearman (5).
Knight counters archer, archer counters spearman, spearman counters knight.
Our knight vs defender's spearman: spearman counters knight! So defender has the counter bonus against us?
Wait, "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup".
Our most numerous: knight. Defender's most numerous: spearman.
Spearman counters knight. So the defender has the counter bonus!
Does the defender get a counter bonus when defending?
"When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
Does the defender get the counter bonus too? "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It says "your force", but usually the counter applies to the attacker or the one who has the counter. Let's see: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup".
If our most numerous is knight, and defender's is spearman, spearman counters knight, so defender has the counter. Does defender's defense get multiplied by 1.5? Or does our attack get reduced?
"The side with the HIGHER effective force wins."
If defender has counter, their defense might be multiplied by 1.5, or our attack is halved? "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." If the defender has the counter, their effective defense is multiplied by 1.5.
Madrid's effective defense is 15. With counter, it would be 15 * 1.5 = 22.5.
Our attack is 38. 38 > 22.5, so we still win!
But we would take losses.

Let's look at [14] Burgos: 4 spearmen, 1 knight. Defense 13.
We can send from Pamplona: 7 spearman, 5 knights (after build).
If we send all:
Attack: 7 spearman (7) + 5 knights (20) = 27.
Most numerous: spearman (7).
Defender most numerous: spearman (4).
Tie in most numerous type? "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight". Since both are spearman, it's a tie, so no counter bonus for either, or does the tie-breaker mean something else? "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight". This means if there is a tie in the most numerous type count, we look at the next in the order? No, "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
Wait, if both have spearman as most numerous, then the matchup is spearman vs spearman, which has no counter. So no bonus.
Our attack is 27. Defender defense is 13. We win.

Let's look at [15] Murcia (Neutral): 5 archers. Defense 13.
We can send from Valencia: 3 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knights.
Attack: 3 spearman (3) + 1 archer (2) + 4 knights (16) = 21.
Most numerous: knight (4).
Defender most numerous: archer (5).
Knight counters archer, so we get 1.5 bonus.
Effective attack = 21 * 1.5 = 31.5. Defense 13. We win.

Wait, if we attack multiple villages, we can send troops from different villages.
But "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So we can only send one army per target per turn from one village, or we can send multiple from different villages but they fight separately. It's better to send a single strong army from one village.
Let's see where we can send troops.
We want to conquer:
- Teruel [13] (enemy)
- Madrid [12] (enemy)
- Burgos [14] (enemy)
- Murcia [15] (neutral)
Let's check the march times:
- Teruel: from Valencia (1 turn).
- Madrid: from Zaragoza (1 turn).
- Burgos: from Pamplona (1 turn).
- Murcia: from Valencia (1 turn).
Can we attack all four this turn?
Yes, we can send:
- From Valencia to Teruel: send 3 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knights.
- From Zaragoza to Madrid: send 3 archer, 8 knights.
- From Pamplona to Burgos: send 7 spearman, 5 knights.
- From Valencia to Murcia? But Valencia is already sending to Teruel. Can Valencia send to both?
"AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 3 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight" (before build). After build, it has 3 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knights. If we send all to Teruel, we have 0 left for Murcia.
But we can send from Castellon to Murcia?
Let's check road network:
Castellon [18] connects to: [13], [16], [21].
Valencia [16] connects to: [13], [15], [18].
So to get to Murcia [15], we must go through Valencia [16] or Cordoba [11].
From Castellon, the road to Murcia goes through Valencia. But "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination. You cannot march past an enemy or neutral village to hit one behind it."
Since Valencia is ours, we can march through it. But the path from Castellon to Murcia is Castellon -> Valencia -> Murcia.
Wait, is Valencia the first village on the path? Yes, but it is ours, so we don't stop there unless we want to. "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours". Since Valencia is ours, we don't stop there. But the march distance from Castellon to Murcia would be Castellon -> Valencia -> Murcia.
Let's check the march distance from Castellon to Murcia:
Castellon to Valencia is 1 turn (or is it? The report says: "from here to your nearest border village [18] Castellon: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Barcelona. For Valencia, "march from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Teruel).
Let's look at the road network:
[18] Castellon - [16] Valencia - [15] Murcia.
So Castellon to Murcia is 2 turns (Castellon -> Valencia -> Murcia).
Can we send from Castellon to Murcia? It takes 2 turns. By the time they arrive, Murcia might have hardened more, but we can do it.
But we have Zaragoza to Madrid (1 turn), Pamplona to Burgos (1 turn), Valencia to Teruel (1 turn).
Let's see if we can also attack Madrid, Burgos, Teruel, and maybe some other village.
What about [12] Madrid? Zaragoza to Madrid is 1 turn.
What about [14] Burgos? Pamplona to Burgos is 1 turn.
What about [13] Teruel? Valencia to Teruel is 1 turn.
Let's check if we can send from Barcelona to somewhere.
Barcelona connects to Tarragona [21] and Girona [23].
Tarragona connects to Zaragoza [17] and Castellon [18].
So Barcelona is deep in our territory. We can send troops to reinforce Tarragona or Castellon, or just keep them in Barcelona to build up.
Actually, we should build troops in all villages to maximize our army.
Let's check the resources and builds again.
If we build knights everywhere, we will have a huge knight army.
Let's write down the build orders for this turn:
- Barcelona: build 5 knights.
- Tarragona: build 5 knights.
- Girona: build 5 knights.
- Castellon: build 5 knights.
- Zaragoza: build 3 knights.
- Huesca: build 5 knights.
- Valencia: build 2 knights.
- Pamplona: build 5 knights.

Let's check if we have enough resources for these builds.
Barcelona: Wood 210, Iron 150. 5 knights cost 150 wood, 150 iron. Yes.
Tarragona: Wood 150, Iron 170. 5 knights cost 150 wood, 150 iron. Yes.
Girona: Wood 210, Iron 170. 5 knights cost 150 wood, 150 iron. Yes.
Castellon: Wood 210, Iron 180. 5 knights cost 150 wood, 150 iron. Yes.
Zaragoza: Wood 120, Iron 90. 3 knights cost 90 wood, 90 iron. Yes.
Huesca: Wood 210, Iron 150. 5 knights cost 150 wood, 150 iron. Yes.
Valencia: Wood 150, Iron 80. 2 knights cost 60 wood, 60 iron. Yes.
Pamplona: Wood 195, Iron 160. 5 knights cost 150 wood, 150 iron. Yes.

This is a very strong build phase. We are converting all our resources into knights, which are the fastest and highest attack troops.
Now, let's plan the movements.
We want to attack:
1. Teruel [13] from Valencia [16].
Valencia has 3 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knights (after build). Send all to Teruel.
2. Madrid [12] from Zaragoza [17].
Zaragoza has 3 archer, 8 knights (after build). Send all to Madrid.
3. Burgos [14] from Pamplona [19].
Pamplona has 7 spearman, 5 knights (after build). Send all to Burgos.
4. Murcia [15] from Castellon [18] or Valencia [16]?
If we send from Valencia to Teruel, Valencia's garrison is empty except for the newly built ones if we don't send all. But we should send all to Teruel to secure it.
Can we send from Castellon to Murcia?
Castellon has 2 spearman, 5 knights (after build). Send them to Murcia.
March from Castellon to Murcia: Castellon -> Valencia -> Murcia. 2 turns.
Is it worth it? Murcia is neutral, 5 archers, defense 13.
If we send 2 spearman, 5 knights:
Attack: 2 spearman (2) + 5 knights (20) = 22.
Most numerous: knight (5). Defender most numerous: archer (5).
Knight counters archer, so 1.5 bonus.
Effective attack = 22 * 1.5 = 33. Defense 13. We win easily.
But it takes 2 turns. By then, Murcia might have gained +1 troop (since 5 turns have passed, it gained some troops already: "was 10, 5 turns ago", now it is 13. It gains +1 troop every 5 turns, so it's stable for 5 turns according to the report: "stable for 5 turns" for Teruel, but Murcia says "was 10, 5 turns ago", so it gained some troops).
Actually, conquering Murcia gives us a village, which is great because we need 18 villages to win. Currently we have 8. If we conquer Teruel, Madrid, Burgos, Murcia, we will have 12 villages.
Wait, what about the other villages?
Let's look at the map.
Unexplored: [11] Cordoba, [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto, [10] Vigo, [3] Coimbra, [9] Sevilha, [5] Faro, [1] Santarem, [0] Lisboa (enemy capital), [2] Evora.
There are 10 unexplored villages. Some of them are enemy, some neutral.
If we conquer the visible ones, we get 4 more, total 12. We still need 6 more, which are in the unexplored area.
But to get to the unexplored area, we need to march through enemy territory.
Let's look at the road network from our borders:
From Teruel [13], we can go to [8] Toledo (enemy) or [11] Cordoba (unexplored).
From Madrid [12], we can go to [7] Salamanca (enemy), [8] Toledo (enemy), [14] Burgos (enemy), [17] Zaragoza (ours).
From Burgos [14], we can go to [10] Vigo (unexplored), [12] Madrid (enemy), [19] Pamplona (ours).
From Murcia [15], we can go to [11] Cordoba (unexplored), [16] Valencia (ours).
So conquering Teruel, Madrid, Burgos, Murcia will open up roads to the unexplored villages: Toledo, Cordoba, Vigo, Salamanca.
This is a very solid plan.

Let's double check the troop commitments.
Can we send from Zaragoza to Madrid?
Zaragoza has 3 archer, 8 knights.
Madrid has 5 spearmen, 1 knight. Defense 15.
If we send 3 archer, 8 knights:
Attack: 3 archer (6) + 8 knights (32) = 38.
Most numerous: knight (8). Defender most numerous: spearman (5).
Spearman counters knight, so defender has counter. Defender defense 15 * 1.5 = 22.5.
Our attack 38 > 22.5. We win.
Can we send from Pamplona to Burgos?
Pamplona has 7 spearman, 5 knights.
Burgos has 4 spearmen, 1 knight. Defense 13.
Attack: 7 spearman (7) + 5 knights (20) = 27.
Most numerous: spearman (7). Defender most numerous: spearman (4).
No counter. Attack 27 > Defense 13. We win.
Can we send from Valencia to Teruel?
Valencia has 3 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knights.
Teruel has 3 archers, 1 knight. Defense 10.
Attack: 3 spearman (3) + 1 archer (2) + 4 knights (16) = 21.
Most numerous: knight (4). Defender most numerous: archer (3).
Knight counters archer, so we get 1.5 bonus.
Effective attack = 21 * 1.5 = 31.5. Defense 10. We win.
Can we send from Castellon to Murcia?
Castellon has 2 spearman, 5 knights.
Murcia has 5 archers. Defense 13.
Attack: 2 spearman (2) + 5 knights (20) = 22.
Most numerous: knight (5). Defender most numerous: archer (5).
Knight counters archer, so 1.5 bonus.
Effective attack = 22 * 1.5 = 33. Defense 13. We win.

Wait, is there any other village we can attack?
What about [20] Huesca? It is ours.
What about [23] Girona? It is ours.
What about [21] Tarragona? It is ours.
What about [22] Barcelona? It is ours.
We can send troops from Tarragona to reinforce Zaragoza or Castellon, but they are already sending their main forces to attack. It's better to keep Tarragona's troops for defense or future attacks, or send them to Zaragoza to join the Madrid attack?
Wait, "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So sending from Tarragona to Madrid and Zaragoza to Madrid means two separate battles at Madrid. The first one to arrive fights, then the second one fights the survivors of the first battle (if any) plus the original garrison.
Actually, it's better to send a single strong army from one village to avoid sequential fighting where the defender can defeat them one by one. Zaragoza's army is already strong enough to take Madrid. So we don't need to send from Tarragona to Madrid.
What about sending from Girona to Zaragoza? Girona is interior, Zaragoza is border. We can send Girona's troops to Zaragoza to reinforce it for future turns, but Zaragoza is already sending its troops to Madrid. If we send Girona's troops to Zaragoza, they will arrive next turn and can be used for the next turn's attacks.
Let's see: Girona has 2 spearman, 5 knights (after build).
We can send them to Zaragoza [17] to reinforce it.
March from Girona to Zaragoza: Girona [23] -> Huesca [20] -> Zaragoza [17].
Let's check the road network:
[23] Girona connects to [20] Huesca and [22] Barcelona.
[20] Huesca connects to [17] Zaragoza, [19] Pamplona, [23] Girona.
So Girona to Zaragoza is Girona -> Huesca -> Zaragoza. 2 turns.
Is it worth it? Yes, to build up Zaragoza for the next turn.
What about Barcelona? Barcelona has 1 knight, and we build 5 knights. Total 6 knights.
We can send them to Tarragona [21] or Castellon [18] or keep them.
Barcelona to Tarragona is 1 turn. Barcelona to Castellon is 2 turns (via Tarragona).
Let's send Barcelona's 6 knights to Tarragona to reinforce it. Tarragona is a key border/interior village.
Wait, Tarragona has 7 spearman, 1 archer, 5 knights (after build). If we send Barcelona's 6 knights there, they will arrive next turn and join the garrison.

Let's review the movements:
1. Valencia [16] -> Teruel [13]: send 3 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knights.
2. Zaragoza [17] -> Madrid [12]: send 3 archer, 8 knights.
3. Pamplona [19] -> Burgos [14]: send 7 spearman, 5 knights.
4. Castellon [18] -> Murcia [15]: send 2 spearman, 5 knights.
5. Barcelona [22] -> Tarragona [21]: send 6 knights (1 existing + 5 built).
6. Girona [23] -> Zaragoza [17]: send 2 spearman, 5 knights.

Wait, let's check if we can send from Huesca [20] to somewhere.
Huesca has 2 archer, 5 knights (after build).
Huesca connects to Zaragoza [17], Pamplona [19], Girona [23].
We can send Huesca's troops to Zaragoza [17] to reinforce it.
March from Huesca to Zaragoza is 1 turn.
Let's send Huesca's 2 archer, 5 knights to Zaragoza.
Then Zaragoza will have its own troops (sent to Madrid) plus Huesca's troops arriving next turn, plus Girona's troops arriving in 2 turns. This makes Zaragoza a massive fortress.

Let's check the troop counts and make sure we don't exceed the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" limits.
Let's look at the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" for each village in the report:
- Barcelona: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. After building 5 knights, we have 6 knights. We can send 6 knights.
- Tarragona: 7 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight. After building 5 knights, we have 7 spearman, 1 archer, 5 knights. We don't send any from Tarragona, so we keep them.
- Girona: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. After building 5 knights, we have 2 spearman, 5 knights. We send 2 spearman, 5 knights to Zaragoza.
- Castellon: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. After building 5 knights, we have 2 spearman, 5 knights. We send 2 spearman, 5 knights to Murcia.
- Zaragoza: 0 spearman, 3 archer, 5 knight. After building 3 knights, we have 3 archer, 8 knights. We send 3 archer, 8 knights to Madrid.
- Huesca: 0 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight. After building 5 knights, we have 2 archer, 5 knights. We send 2 archer, 5 knights to Zaragoza.
- Valencia: 3 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. After building 2 knights, we have 3 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knights. We send 3 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knights to Teruel.
- Pamplona: 7 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. After building 5 knights, we have 7 spearman, 5 knights. We send 7 spearman, 5 knights to Burgos.

This is perfect! All available troops are utilized to attack or reinforce.
Let's double check if we have enough resources for the builds.
Yes, we calculated the wood and iron for each village and they are sufficient.
Let's write down the build orders clearly:
- Barcelona: 5 knights.
- Tarragona: 5 knights.
- Girona: 5 knights.
- Castellon: 5 knights.
- Zaragoza: 3 knights.
- Huesca: 5 knights.
- Valencia: 2 knights.
- Pamplona: 5 knights.

Let's double check the movement orders:
- Valencia to Teruel: 3 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knights.
- Zaragoza to Madrid: 3 archer, 8 knights.
- Pamplona to Burgos: 7 spearman, 5 knights.
- Castellon to Murcia: 2 spearman, 5 knights.
- Barcelona to Tarragona: 6 knights.
- Girona to Zaragoza: 2 spearman, 5 knights.
- Huesca to Zaragoza: 2 archer, 5 knights.

Wait, is there any conflict with sending from Girona and Huesca to Zaragoza at the same time?
No, they are from different villages, they will arrive at Zaragoza on different turns (Girona takes 2 turns, Huesca takes 1 turn). They will just join the garrison of Zaragoza sequentially. This is perfectly fine and allowed.

Let's check the plan and statement.
Plan: We are launching a major offensive on Turn 12 to conquer Teruel, Madrid, Burgos, and Murcia, while reinforcing our key hubs (Tarragona, Zaragoza) for the next turns. We are converting all resources into knights to maximize our offensive power and speed.
Statement: "On Turn 12, King B orders all villages to convert their resources into knights, unleashing a swift and powerful cavalry force. We launch simultaneous offensives on four fronts: Valencia strikes Teruel, Zaragoza assaults Madrid, Pamplona attacks Burgos, and Castellon marches on Murcia. Reinforcements are dispatched from Barcelona to Tarragona, and from Girona and Huesca to Zaragoza to secure our borders and prepare for the push into the unexplored south. The tide of the war is turning in our favor!"

Let's review the JSON format:
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "knight", "quantity": 5},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "knight", "quantity": 5},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "knight", "quantity": 5},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "knight", "quantity": 5},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "knight", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "knight", "quantity": 5},
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 19, "type": "knight", "quantity": 5}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 16, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 1, "knight": 4}},
    {"fromId": 17, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 3, "knight": 8}},
    {"fromId": 19, "toId": 14, "troops": {"spearman": 7, "archer": 0, "knight": 5}},
    {"fromId": 18, "toId": 15, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 5}},
    {"fromId": 22, "toId": 21, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 6}},
    {"fromId": 23, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 5}},
    {"fromId": 20, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 5}}
  ],
  "plan": "Launch a massive four-front offensive to conquer Teruel, Madrid, Burgos, and Murcia, bringing our held villages to 12. Convert all resources to knights for speed and power. Reinforce Tarragona and Zaragoza to prepare for the next turn's push into the unexplored south.",
  "statement": "On Turn 12, King B orders all villages to convert their resources into knights, unleashing a swift and powerful cavalry force. We launch simultaneous offensives on four fronts: Valencia strikes Teruel, Zaragoza assaults Madrid, Pamplona attacks Burgos, and Castellon marches on Murcia. Reinforcements are dispatched from Barcelona to Tarragona, and from Girona and Huesca to Zaragoza to secure our borders and prepare for the push into the unexplored south. The tide of the war is turning in our favor!"
}

Let's double check if there are any errors in the troop counts or village IDs.
Villages:
Barcelona: 22
Tarragona: 21
Girona: 23
Castellon: 18
Zaragoza: 17
Huesca: 20
Valencia: 16
Pamplona: 19
Teruel: 13
Madrid: 12
Burgos: 14
Murcia: 15

Let's check the troop counts for each movement:
- Valencia [16] to Teruel [13]:
Valencia has 3 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. We build 2 knights, so 3 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knights. Send all: 3 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knights. Correct.
- Zaragoza [17] to Madrid [12]:
Zaragoza has 0 spearman, 3 archer, 5 knight. We build 3 knights, so 0 spearman, 3 archer, 8 knights. Send all: 0 spearman, 3 archer, 8 knights. Correct.
- Pamplona [19] to Burgos [14]:
Pamplona has 7 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. We build 5 knights, so 7 spearman, 0 archer, 5 knights. Send all: 7 spearman, 0 archer, 5 knights. Correct.
- Castellon [18] to Murcia [15]:
Castellon has 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. We build 5 knights, so 2 spearman, 0 archer, 5 knights. Send all: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 5 knights. Correct.
- Barcelona [22] to Tarragona [21]:
Barcelona has 1 knight. We build 5 knights, so 6 knights. Send all: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 6 knights. Correct.
- Girona [23] to Zaragoza [17]:
Girona has 2 spearman. We build 5 knights, so 2 spearman, 0 archer, 5 knights. Send all: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 5 knights. Correct.
- Huesca [20] to Zaragoza [17]:
Huesca has 2 archer. We build 5 knights, so 0 spearman, 2 archer, 5 knights. Send all: 0 spearman, 2 archer, 5 knights. Correct.

Let's check the build quantities:
Barcelona: 5 knights. Wood 210, Iron 150. Cost: 150 wood, 150 iron. OK.
Tarragona: 5 knights. Wood 150, Iron 170. Cost: 150 wood, 150 iron. OK.
Girona: 5 knights. Wood 210, Iron 170. Cost: 150 wood, 150 iron. OK.
Castellon: 5 knights. Wood 210, Iron 180. Cost: 150 wood, 150 iron. OK.
Zaragoza: 3 knights. Wood 120, Iron 90. Cost: 90 wood, 90 iron. OK.
Huesca: 5 knights. Wood 210, Iron 150. Cost: 150 wood, 150 iron. OK.
Valencia: 2 knights. Wood 150, Iron 80. Cost: 60 wood, 60 iron. OK.
Pamplona: 5 knights. Wood 195, Iron 160. Cost: 150 wood, 150 iron. OK.

Everything looks perfectly valid and well-calculated. The strategy is aggressive and aims to expand our territory rapidly while building up a strong cavalry core. I will output the JSON as requested.

ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"cavaleiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":16,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":3,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":4}},{"origemId":17,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":8}},{"origemId":19,"destinoId":14,"tropas":{"lanceiro":7,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":5}},{"origemId":18,"destinoId":15,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":5}},{"origemId":22,"destinoId":21,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":6}},{"origemId":23,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":5}},{"origemId":20,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":5}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [18]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [18]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [18]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [18]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [18]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [17]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [17]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [17]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [20]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [20]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [20]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [20]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [20]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [16]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [16]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [19]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [19]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [19]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [19]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [19]
ACEITO envio [16]->[13]: 3S+1A+2K
ACEITO envio [17]->[12]: 3A+5K
ACEITO envio [19]->[14]: 7S
ACEITO envio [18]->[15]: 2S (alvo neutra arqueiro)
ACEITO envio [22]->[21]: 1K
ACEITO envio [23]->[17]: 2S
ACEITO envio [20]->[17]: 2A
AJUSTADO envio [16]->[13]: pediu 3S+1A+4K, enviado 3S+1A+2K (estoque real)
AJUSTADO envio [17]->[12]: pediu 3A+8K, enviado 3A+5K (estoque real)
AJUSTADO envio [19]->[14]: pediu 7S+5K, enviado 7S (estoque real)
AJUSTADO envio [18]->[15]: pediu 2S+5K, enviado 2S (estoque real)
AJUSTADO envio [22]->[21]: pediu 6K, enviado 1K (estoque real)
AJUSTADO envio [23]->[17]: pediu 2S+5K, enviado 2S (estoque real)
AJUSTADO envio [20]->[17]: pediu 2A+5K, enviado 2A (estoque real)
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Launch a massive four-front offensive to conquer Teruel, Madrid, Burgos, and Murcia, bringing our held villages to 12. Convert all resources to knights for speed and power. Reinforce Tarragona and Zaragoza to prepare for the next turn's push into the unexplored south.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): On Turn 12, King B orders all villages to convert their resources into knights, unleashing a swift and powerful cavalry force. We launch simultaneous offensives on four fronts: Valencia strikes Teruel, Zaragoza assaults Madrid, Pamplona attacks Burgos, and Castellon marches on Murcia. Reinforcements are dispatched from Barcelona to Tarragona, and from Girona and Huesca to Zaragoza to secure our borders and prepare for the push into the unexplored south. The tide of the war is turning in our favor!
COMBATE [9] Sevilha: atacante A Fatk=19 (ef 19) Fdef=10 (ef 13) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~6
COMBATE [13] Teruel: atacante A Fatk=12 (ef 12) Fdef=4 (ef 5) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~3
REFORCO [8] Toledo dono A: 4A
REFORCO [12] Madrid dono A: 5S
REFORCO [14] Burgos dono A: 2S
REFORCO [4] Badajoz dono A: 3A
REFORCO [4] Badajoz dono A: 1A+2K
placar: A 14 ald/tropas 60 | B 8 ald/tropas 8 | neutras 2 | transito 8 (A 1 | B 7)

########## TURNO 13 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3279 | resposta 13046 | raciocinio 13046 | finish content_filter | ms 156870
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A in a turn-based strategy game. I need to analyze the current state, decide on builds and movements, and output a JSON object with "build", "movements", "plan", and "statement" fields.

Let's analyze the game state:
- Goal: Hold at least 18 of 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.
- Currently hold 13 of 24 villages.
- Enemy capital is Barcelona [22], but taking it is NOT required to win.
- Enemy is King B.
- I have 13 villages, 65 soldiers at home (17 spearman, 29 archer, 19 knight).
- Neutral village: Cordoba [11] (5 knights, defense 13).
- Enemy villages visible: Madrid [12] (2 archers, 3 knights, defense 13), Zaragoza [17] (2 archers, 3 knights, defense 13), Valencia [16] (2 knights, defense 5), Castellon [18] (5 knights, defense 13), Pamplona [19] (5 knights, defense 13).
- Unexplored enemy villages: Murcia [15], Huesca [20], Tarragona [21], Barcelona [22], Girona [23].

Let's look at the economy and troop production:
- Each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn.
- Costs: spearman (15 wood, 0 iron), archer (20 wood, 10 iron), knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Cap per village: 300 troops.
- Neutral villages harden every 5 turns (+1 troop of its own type). Cordoba [11] has 5 knights, was 10 defense 5 turns ago (so it gained some troops? Wait, "was 10, 5 turns ago" means defense was 10, now 13. It gained troops).

Let's check my villages' resources and what they can build:
- Lisboa [0]: wood 60, iron 50. Can build knights (30 wood, 30 iron). Can build up to 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron, but only 50 iron, so 1 knight). Can build archers (20 wood, 10 iron). Can build up to 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Can build spearmen (15 wood, 0 iron). Can build up to 4 spearmen (60 wood). Currently has 4 knights at home. Cap is 300, so can build more.
- Santarem [1]: wood 60, iron 70. Can build knights (1 knight: 30 wood, 30 iron). Can build archers (up to 3: 60 wood, 30 iron). Can build spearmen (up to 4: 60 wood). Currently 1 knight.
- Evora [2]: wood 60, iron 70. Can build knights (1 knight: 30 wood, 30 iron). Can build archers (up to 3: 60 wood, 30 iron). Can build spearmen (up to 4: 60 wood). Currently 8 troops (2 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight).
- Coimbra [3]: wood 60, iron 50. Can build knights (1 knight: 30 wood, 30 iron). Can build archers (up to 3: 60 wood, 30 iron). Can build spearmen (up to 4: 60 wood). Currently 1 knight.
- Badajoz [4]: wood 60, iron 40. Can build archers (up to 4: 80 wood, 40 iron, but only 60 wood, so 3 archers: 60 wood, 30 iron). Can build spearmen (up to 4: 60 wood). Can build knights (1 knight: 30 wood, 30 iron). Currently 9 troops (1 spearman, 5 archer, 3 knight).
- Faro [5]: wood 65, iron 50. Can build knights (1 knight: 30 wood, 30 iron). Can build archers (up to 3: 60 wood, 30 iron). Can build spearmen (up to 4: 60 wood). Currently 1 knight.
- Porto [6]: wood 60, iron 40. Can build archers (up to 4: 80 wood, 40 iron, but only 60 wood, so 3 archers: 60 wood, 30 iron). Can build spearmen (up to 4: 60 wood). Can build knights (1 knight: 30 wood, 30 iron). Currently 4 troops (3 archer, 1 knight).
- Salamanca [7]: wood 60, iron 40. Can build archers (up to 4: 80 wood, 40 iron, but only 60 wood, so 3 archers: 60 wood, 30 iron). Can build spearmen (up to 4: 60 wood). Can build knights (1 knight: 30 wood, 30 iron). Currently 19 troops (9 spearman, 7 archer, 3 knight).
- Toledo [8]: wood 60, iron 40. Can build archers (up to 4: 80 wood, 40 iron, but only 60 wood, so 3 archers: 60 wood, 30 iron). Can build spearmen (up to 4: 60 wood). Can build knights (1 knight: 30 wood, 30 iron). Currently 4 troops (4 archer).
- Vigo [10]: wood 60, iron 50. Can build knights (1 knight: 30 wood, 30 iron). Can build archers (up to 3: 60 wood, 30 iron). Can build spearmen (up to 4: 60 wood). Currently 1 knight.
- Sevilha [9]: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Cannot build knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Currently 6 troops (2 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight).
- Teruel [13]: wood 120, iron 80. Can build knights (up to 2: 60 wood, 60 iron). Can build archers (up to 4: 80 wood, 40 iron). Can build spearmen (up to 8: 120 wood). Currently 3 troops (2 archer, 1 knight).
- Burgos [14]: wood 60, iron 40. Can build archers (up to 4: 80 wood, 40 iron, but only 60 wood, so 3 archers: 60 wood, 30 iron). Can build spearmen (up to 4: 60 wood). Can build knights (1 knight: 30 wood, 30 iron). Currently 4 troops (3 spearman, 1 knight).

Let's look at the strategic situation:
- I hold 13 villages. I need 18 to win (75% of 24).
- Enemy has at least: Madrid [12], Zaragoza [17], Valencia [16], Castellon [18], Pamplona [19], plus unexplored Murcia [15], Huesca [20], Tarragona [21], Barcelona [22], Girona [23]. That's 10 enemy villages (if all are enemy, but some might be neutral or empty? The report says "ENEMY (King B)" for 12, 17, 16, 18, 19. Unexplored are 15, 20, 21, 22, 23. Total villages = 24. I have 13, enemy has at least 5, unexplored 5, neutral 1 (Cordoba). 13 + 5 + 5 + 1 = 24. So the 5 unexplored are likely enemy or neutral. But the goal is to hold 18 or eliminate enemy villages.
- Enemy capital is Barcelona [22], but not required to win.
- Enemy is attacking on multiple fronts: Madrid [12], Zaragoza [17], Burgos [14], Teruel [13]. Last turn, King B attacked Teruel (defeat), Madrid (victory, conquered), Burgos (defeat). So Madrid [12] was conquered by enemy? Wait, "King B attacked [12] Madrid: VICTORY, conquered". But Madrid is listed as ENEMY (King B) in the villages I can see. So it was already enemy, or they conquered it from someone else? Wait, the report says "you attacked here 1x in the last 8 turns (1 conquered)". So I attacked Madrid before, but now it's enemy. Actually, the report says Madrid is ENEMY (King B). So it's enemy.
- Enemy army marching toward Zaragoza [17], arrives in 1 turn.
- My reinforcement (9 spearmen, 2 archers, 2 knights) arrived at Salamanca [7].

Let's plan my moves:
- I need to expand. The enemy has Madrid [12], which is connected to my Salamanca [7], Toledo [8], Burgos [14], Zaragoza [17].
- Cordoba [11] is neutral, connected to Toledo [8], Sevilha [9], Murcia [15]. It has 5 knights, defense 13. If I attack it, I need to defeat 5 knights. My troops: Toledo has 4 archers (attack 8). Not enough. Sevilha has 2 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight (attack 12). Combined they could take it, but troops from different villages fight alone. So I need a bigger army.
- Teruel [13] is mine, bordering Valencia [16], Zaragoza [17], Castellon [18]. It has 120 wood, 80 iron, can build lots of troops.
- Burgos [14] is mine, bordering Madrid [12], Pamplona [19]. It has 60 wood, 40 iron.
- Salamanca [7] is mine, bordering Madrid [12]. It has 19 troops, defense 48.
- Toledo [8] is mine, bordering Madrid [12], Cordoba [11], Teruel [13]. It has 4 archers.

Let's think about the enemy's next move. They have an army marching toward Zaragoza [17] (arrives in 1 turn). They might attack my Teruel [13] or Burgos [14] or Salamanca [7].
- Last turn, they attacked Teruel (defeat), Madrid (victory), Burgos (defeat). So they are active on the central front.
- I should reinforce my border villages and prepare to attack enemy villages.
- To win, I need to hold 18 villages. I have 13. I need 5 more. The enemy has at least 5 visible (12, 16, 17, 18, 19) plus 5 unexplored (15, 20, 21, 22, 23). If I take all 5 visible enemy villages, I would have 18, but some unexplored might be neutral or enemy. Actually, if I take all enemy villages, I win by elimination. So I should focus on attacking enemy villages.
- The easiest enemy villages to attack might be Valencia [16] (defense 5, 2 knights) or Madrid [12] (defense 13, 2 archers, 3 knights) or Pamplona [19] (defense 13, 5 knights) or Zaragoza [17] (defense 13, 2 archers, 3 knights) or Castellon [18] (defense 13, 5 knights).
- Valencia [16] is connected to Teruel [13] (mine) and Murcia [15] (unexplored) and Castellon [18]. It has only 2 knights, defense 5. That's a good target.
- Madrid [12] is connected to Salamanca [7], Toledo [8], Burgos [14], Zaragoza [17]. It has 2 archers, 3 knights, defense 13.
- To attack Valencia [16], I can send troops from Teruel [13]. Teruel has 2 archers, 1 knight (attack power: archers 2*2=4, knight 4, total 8). Not enough to beat 2 knights (defense 5, but knights have defense 2, in village defense x1.25? Wait, "effective defense (location bonus included): 5". So defense is 5. My attack power is 8. I might win, but I need to consider counter triangle. Enemy has 2 knights (most numerous type is knight). My army has 2 archers, 1 knight. Most numerous type is archer (2). Archer vs knight: knight counters archer? Wait, counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. So knight counters archer. My most numerous is archer, enemy most numerous is knight. Knight counters archer, so enemy gets a bonus? No, "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." The counter applies to the attacker if they have the counter unit. Wait, "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counts knight; archer counts spearman; knight counts archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So if I attack with archers against knights, archers do not counter knights. Knights counter archers. So if I attack with archers, and enemy has knights, the enemy has the counter? The rule says: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So for my army (2 archers, 1 knight), most numerous is archer. For enemy (2 knights), most numerous is knight. Matchup: archer vs knight. Knight counters archer. So the enemy has the counter? The rule says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't specify attacker or defender. It says "your force". Usually, it means the side that has the counter unit gets the bonus. But the text says: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It might mean that if your most numerous type counters the enemy's most numerous type, you get the bonus. So if my most numerous is archer and enemy's is knight, archer does NOT counter knight. Knight counters archer. So the enemy has the counter? Or does the counter only apply to the attacker? The text is ambiguous. Let's re-read: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It says "your force", which might refer to the attacker. But it says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't say "your attacking force". It might be a general rule: if your army's most numerous type counters the enemy's most numerous type, your force is multiplied by 1.5. So if I attack with archers (most numerous) and enemy has knights (most numerous), archers do not counter knights, so I don't get the bonus. Does the defender get the bonus? The defender's most numerous is knight, which counters archer. So the defender might get the bonus? The text says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't specify attacker or defender. It might be that the side with the counter gets the bonus. But in the combat report, it says "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again." It doesn't mention the counter bonus being included in the effective defense. So I need to calculate the counter bonus myself.

Let's look at the example or previous turns. The user didn't provide a full combat report, just the state. I need to infer the rules. "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So for each army, find the most numerous type. Then compare: if army A's most numerous counters army B's most numerous, army A gets x1.5 multiplier to its force (attack for attacker, defense for defender? Or just the total force?). The text says: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle... Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So it seems the counter applies to the force (attack for attacker, defense for defender). So if the attacker has the counter, their attack is multiplied by 1.5. If the defender has the counter, their defense is multiplied by 1.5. But the effective defense in the report already includes location bonus, but not the counter bonus. So I need to calculate the counter bonus when attacking.

Let's test with Salamanca [7] defense 48. It has 19 troops: 9 spearman, 7 archer, 3 knight. Most numerous is spearman. If enemy attacks with knights, spearman counters knight, so Salamanca gets x1.5 defense? That would make defense 72. But the report says effective defense is 48. So maybe the counter bonus is not included in the effective defense, or maybe it's only for the attacker? The text says: "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again." It doesn't say it includes the counter bonus. So the counter bonus is separate.

Let's assume the counter bonus applies to the side that has the counter, regardless of attacker/defender. So if I attack a village, and my most numerous type counters the defender's most numerous type, my attack is multiplied by 1.5. If the defender's most numerous type counters my most numerous type, the defender's defense is multiplied by 1.5.

Now, let's plan the attack on Valencia [16]. It has 2 knights, defense 5. Most numerous is knight. If I attack from Teruel [13] with 2 archers, 1 knight. My most numerous is archer (2). Archer vs knight: knight counters archer. So the defender has the counter. Defender's defense would be multiplied by 1.5? That would make effective defense 7.5. My attack power: archers 2*2=4, knight 4, total 8. If defender gets x1.5, defense becomes 7.5. My attack 8 vs 7.5, I win but barely. If I add more troops, I can win easier.
Teruel can build more troops. It has 120 wood, 80 iron. It can build up to 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron), 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron), 8 spearmen (120 wood). Currently has 2 archers, 1 knight. I can build more archers or knights. Let's build 2 knights and 2 archers? Wait, cap is 300, currently 3, so plenty of room.
But I need to consider the enemy's move. Enemy army marching toward Zaragoza [17] arrives in 1 turn. They might attack Teruel or Burgos or Salamanca. I should reinforce my borders.
Salamanca [7] has 19 troops, defense 48. It's strong.
Toledo [8] has 4 archers, defense 10. It's weak. It borders Madrid [12] and Cordoba [11] and Teruel [13]. I should reinforce Toledo.
Burgos [14] has 4 troops (3 spearman, 1 knight), defense 10. It borders Madrid [12] and Pamplona [19]. I should reinforce Burgos.
Teruel [13] has 3 troops, defense 8. It borders Valencia [16], Zaragoza [17], Castellon [18]. I should reinforce Teruel.

Let's think about building troops:
- Teruel [13] has lots of resources (120 wood, 80 iron). It can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) and 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) etc. Let's build 2 knights and 2 archers to make a strong attacking force. Knights are fast and strong. But archers are cheaper. To attack Valencia, I need to beat 2 knights. If I send knights, they counter archers? Wait, Valencia has 2 knights, no archers. So most numerous is knight. If I send knights, knight vs knight: no counter. If I send spearmen, spearman counters knight, so I get x1.5. But spearmen are slow. Let's send spearmen and knights? The most numerous type sets the counter. If I send 3 spearmen and 1 knight, most numerous is spearman, which counters knight, so I get x1.5. That would be good. But Teruel has 0 spearmen currently. It can build spearmen (15 wood, 0 iron). It can build up to 8 spearmen (120 wood). Let's build 4 spearmen and 1 knight? Or just spearmen. But spearmen are slow, so they take time to march. From Teruel to Valencia: "march from [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So 1 slow turn for spearmen. That's fast enough.
Actually, the march time is 1 slow turn, meaning if I send spearmen, they arrive in 1 turn. So I can send them now and they arrive next turn. The enemy might attack Teruel this turn, but if I send troops away, Teruel's defense is reduced. But I can also build more troops to defend.

Let's look at the big picture. I need 5 more villages. The enemy has Madrid [12], Zaragoza [17], Valencia [16], Castellon [18], Pamplona [19]. If I take all of them, I have 18 villages. But there are unexplored villages: Murcia [15], Huesca [20], Tarragona [21], Barcelona [22], Girona [23]. Some of these might be neutral or enemy. If they are enemy, I need to take them too to win by elimination. If they are neutral, I need to take them to reach 18. So I need to explore and conquer.
The unexplored villages are connected to the enemy's interior. To reach them, I need to go through enemy villages. For example, to reach Murcia [15], I need to go through Cordoba [11] (neutral) or Valencia [16] (enemy). To reach Huesca [20], I need to go through Zaragoza [17] or Pamplona [19]. To reach Tarragona [21], I need to go through Zaragoza [17] or Castellon [18]. To reach Barcelona [22], I need to go through Tarragona [21] or Girona [23]. To reach Girona [23], I need to go through Huesca [20] or Barcelona [22].
So I need to break through the enemy's defensive line.

Let's prioritize:
1. Reinforce border villages to prevent enemy conquests.
2. Build troops in interior villages to feed the fronts.
3. Attack weak enemy villages to gain territory.

Weak enemy villages:
- Valencia [16]: 2 knights, defense 5. Connected to Teruel [13] (mine).
- Madrid [12]: 2 archers, 3 knights, defense 13. Connected to Salamanca [7], Toledo [8], Burgos [14] (all mine).
- Pamplona [19]: 5 knights, defense 13. Connected to Burgos [14] (mine).
- Zaragoza [17]: 2 archers, 3 knights, defense 13. Connected to Teruel [13] (mine), Madrid [12], Burgos [14]? No, road network: [17] Zaragoza: [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]. So connected to Teruel [13] (mine) and Madrid [12] (enemy) and Pamplona [19] (enemy).
- Castellon [18]: 5 knights, defense 13. Connected to Teruel [13] (mine), Valencia [16] (enemy), Tarragona [21] (unexplored).

So Valencia is the weakest and directly connected to my Teruel. That's the prime target.
Next, Madrid is connected to three of my villages, so I can attack it from multiple directions, but it's stronger.
Pamplona is connected only to Burgos (mine) and Zaragoza (enemy). So I can attack it from Burgos.
Zaragoza is connected to Teruel (mine) and Madrid (enemy) and Pamplona (enemy). I can attack it from Teruel.
Castellon is connected to Teruel (mine) and Valencia (enemy). I can attack it from Teruel after taking Valencia.

So the plan:
- Take Valencia [16] from Teruel [13].
- Then take Castellon [18] from Valencia or Teruel.
- Take Zaragoza [17] from Teruel or after taking Madrid.
- Take Madrid [12] from Salamanca, Toledo, or Burgos.
- Take Pamplona [19] from Burgos.

But I need to balance attack and defense. The enemy is also attacking. Last turn, they attacked Teruel (defeat), Madrid (victory), Burgos (defeat). So they are active. They might attack my border villages this turn. I need to ensure my border villages have enough troops to defend.
Salamanca [7] has 19 troops, defense 48. That's strong.
Toledo [8] has 4 archers, defense 10. Weak. I should reinforce it.
Burgos [14] has 4 troops, defense 10. Weak. I should reinforce it.
Teruel [13] has 3 troops, defense 8. Weak. But I want to attack from it. If I send troops away, it becomes weaker. I should build more troops in Teruel and send some to attack, but keep some for defense.
Actually, when I send troops to attack Valencia, they march for 1 turn. During that turn, the enemy might attack Teruel. If I send all troops, Teruel falls. So I should leave enough troops to defend, or time the attack when the enemy is busy elsewhere.
The enemy has an army marching toward Zaragoza [17] arriving in 1 turn. That army might then attack Teruel or Burgos or Salamanca. But it's going to Zaragoza, so it might attack Zaragoza (which is theirs) or march further? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So if the enemy army is marching toward Zaragoza, and Zaragoza is enemy, it will arrive there and stop. It won't attack Teruel unless it was ordered to attack Teruel and passes through Zaragoza? No, it stops at the first non-friendly village. If it's going to Zaragoza, which is enemy, it stops there. So that army is just reinforcing Zaragoza. So Zaragoza will have more troops next turn.
The report says: "A reinforcement of King B (2 archers) arrived at [17] Zaragoza" last turn. And "enemy army marching toward [17] Zaragoza, arrives in 1 turn". So another reinforcement is coming. So Zaragoza is getting stronger. I should avoid attacking Zaragoza for now.

Let's check the enemy's other armies. The report says "ENEMY (only what your watchmen can see): - enemy army marching toward [17] Zaragoza, arrives in 1 turn". That's the only visible enemy army. So the enemy might not have other armies on the march, or they are in unexplored territory. Last turn, they attacked Teruel, Madrid, Burgos. Those attacks probably came from their own villages. So they have troops in Madrid, Zaragoza, etc. They might attack again this turn.

Let's decide on builds and movements for this turn.

Builds:
I have many villages that can build troops. Let's focus on building troops that are useful for attack and defense.
- Teruel [13]: Build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron)? Wait, it has 120 wood, 80 iron. 2 knights = 60 wood, 60 iron. 2 archers = 40 wood, 20 iron. Total 100 wood, 80 iron. That uses all iron and most wood. Or build 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) and 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) = 110 wood, 70 iron. Or build 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron) but only 80 iron, so 2 knights max. Let's build 2 knights and 2 archers. That gives a balanced force. Knights are fast and strong, archers are medium. But to attack Valencia (2 knights), I might want spearmen. However, spearmen are slow. The march time is 1 slow turn, so it's fine. But Teruel has 0 spearmen, so I'd need to build them. Building spearmen costs 15 wood, 0 iron. I can build 8 spearmen (120 wood). That would use all wood. Then I have 8 spearmen, 2 archers, 1 knight. Most numerous is spearman, which counters knight. So if I attack Valencia (knights), I get x1.5 attack. That's good. But spearmen are slow, and the march is 1 turn, so it's okay. However, if the enemy attacks Teruel, spearmen are good for defense because they counter knights, and the enemy likely has knights. So building spearmen is good for both attack and defense.
Let's build 4 spearmen in Teruel (60 wood) and 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) and 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron)? That's 130 wood, but only 120 wood. So maybe 4 spearmen (60 wood), 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron), 0 knights. That's 100 wood, 20 iron. Or 6 spearmen (90 wood), 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) = 130 wood, too much. Let's do 4 spearmen, 2 archers. That uses 100 wood, 20 iron. Leaves 20 wood, 60 iron. Can build 1 more archer? 20 wood, 10 iron -> yes, 1 archer. So 4 spearmen, 3 archers. Total troops built: 4 spearman, 3 archer. Cost: 4*15=60 wood, 3*20=60 wood? Wait, archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. So 3 archers = 60 wood, 30 iron. 4 spearmen = 60 wood, 0 iron. Total 120 wood, 30 iron. Teruel has 120 wood, 80 iron. So that works. But I want some knights for speed and power. Maybe 2 spearmen, 2 archers, 2 knights? 2 spearmen = 30 wood, 2 archers = 40 wood, 20 iron, 2 knights = 60 wood, 60 iron. Total 130 wood, 80 iron. Too much wood (120). So 1 knight, 2 archers, 2 spearmen: 30+40+30=100 wood, 20+30=50 iron. That leaves 20 wood, 30 iron. Can build 1 more archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 120 wood, 60 iron. So 2 spearmen, 3 archers, 1 knight. That's a good mix. But I already have 2 archers, 1 knight at Teruel. So adding 2 spearmen, 3 archers, 1 knight would make total 4 spearmen, 5 archers, 2 knights. That's a strong army.
But wait, the cap is 300, currently 3, so no issue.
Let's check other villages:
- Salamanca [7]: has 19 troops (9 spearman, 7 archer, 3 knight). It has 60 wood, 40 iron. Can build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 4 spearmen (60 wood) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). It's a border village, so building more troops for defense is good. Let's build 4 spearmen (60 wood) to reinforce its strong defense (spearman counters knights). Or build 3 archers. Since it already has 9 spearmen, adding more spearmen makes the counter bonus stronger. Let's build 4 spearmen.
- Toledo [8]: has 4 archers, 60 wood, 40 iron. Build 4 spearmen (60 wood) or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). It's a border village near Madrid and Cordoba. Building spearmen is good for defense against knights. Let's build 4 spearmen.
- Burgos [14]: has 4 troops (3 spearman, 1 knight), 60 wood, 40 iron. Build 4 spearmen (60 wood) to reinforce. Or 3 archers. Since it already has 3 spearmen, adding more spearmen makes it strong. Let's build 4 spearmen.
- Porto [6]: has 4 troops (3 archer, 1 knight), 60 wood, 40 iron. It's interior but near Salamanca. Build 4 spearmen or 3 archers. Let's build 3 archers to match its current composition.
- Badajoz [4]: has 9 troops (1 spearman, 5 archer, 3 knight), 60 wood, 40 iron. Build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 4 spearmen. Let's build 3 archers.
- Evora [2]: has 8 troops (2 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight), 60 wood, 70 iron. Build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) etc. Let's build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) to add speed and power. Or 3 archers. Let's build 3 archers.
- Lisboa [0]: capital, has 4 knights, 60 wood, 50 iron. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) = 70 wood, too much. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 50 wood, 40 iron. Leaves 10 wood, 10 iron. Or build 4 spearmen (60 wood). Let's build 1 knight and 1 archer to add to its 4 knights, making a fast strike force.
- Santarem [1]: has 1 knight, 60 wood, 70 iron. Build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 80 wood, too much. Build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) = 60 wood, 60 iron. Leaves 10 iron. Or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 2 knights.
- Coimbra [3]: has 1 knight, 60 wood, 50 iron. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) = 70 wood, too much. Build 1 knight and 1 archer = 50 wood, 40 iron. Leaves 10 wood, 10 iron. Let's do that.
- Faro [5]: has 1 knight, 65 wood, 50 iron. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) = 70 wood, too much. Build 1 knight and 1 archer = 50 wood, 40 iron. Leaves 15 wood, 10 iron. Let's do that.
- Vigo [10]: has 1 knight, 60 wood, 50 iron. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 50 wood, 40 iron. Leaves 10 wood, 10 iron. Let's do that.
- Sevilha [9]: has 6 troops (2 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight), 30 wood, 20 iron. Can build 1 spearman (15 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Cannot build knight. Let's build 1 archer.
- Teruel [13]: as discussed, let's build 2 spearmen, 3 archers, 1 knight? Wait, I need to check resources: 120 wood, 80 iron. 2 spearmen = 30 wood, 0 iron. 3 archers = 60 wood, 30 iron. 1 knight = 30 wood, 30 iron. Total = 120 wood, 60 iron. That works. But I already have 2 archers, 1 knight. So adding 2 spearmen, 3 archers, 1 knight makes total 4 spearmen, 5 archers, 2 knights. That's good. But wait, I want to send troops to attack Valencia. If I build all these, Teruel will have more troops, but I might send some away. Let's build them and then decide on movements.

Actually, I should be careful not to overbuild. The game is simultaneous, so the enemy will also be building and moving. I need to focus on the most important actions.

Movements:
I want to attack Valencia [16] from Teruel [13]. Valencia has 2 knights, defense 5. I need to send enough troops to win. Let's calculate the battle.
If I send from Teruel: currently 2 archers, 1 knight. Attack power: archers 2*2=4, knight 4, total 8. Enemy defense: 2 knights, defense 2 each, but in village defense x1.25? The report says effective defense is 5 (location bonus included). So I use 5 directly. My attack is 8. But I need to consider counter. My most numerous is archer (2). Enemy most numerous is knight (2). Knight counters archer. So defender has counter? If defender gets x1.5, defense becomes 7.5. My attack 8 vs 7.5, I win but with small margin. The winner takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force). So I would lose some troops. If I send more troops, I can win with less losses.
If I send 4 spearmen, 2 archers, 1 knight (the current plus 2 spearmen). Most numerous is spearman (4). Spearman counters knight. So I have the counter, my attack is multiplied by 1.5. Attack power: spearmen 4*1=4, archers 2*2=4, knight 4, total 12. With counter x1.5 = 18. Enemy defense 5 (or 7.5 if they have counter? Enemy most numerous is knight, which counters archer. My most numerous is spearman, which counters knight. So I have the counter (spearman vs knight), and enemy has counter (knight vs archer)? Wait, the counter matchup is between the most numerous types. My most numerous is spearman, enemy most numerous is knight. Spearman counters knight, so I have the counter. Does the enemy also have a counter? The rule says: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." It doesn't say both can have counters. It's a matchup: if my most numerous counters theirs, I get the bonus. If theirs counters mine, they get the bonus. If they are the same, no bonus. So since spearman counters knight, I get the bonus. The enemy does not get a bonus because knight does not counter spearman (knight counters archer). So only I get x1.5. So my effective attack is 18. Enemy defense is 5. I win easily.
So sending spearmen is great. But I need to have spearmen in Teruel. Currently Teruel has 0 spearmen. So I need to build some this turn. If I build 2 spearmen this turn, they are ready in 1 turn (i.e., next turn). But I can only send troops that exist now. The build orders are for this turn, so the troops will be available next turn. So if I want to attack Valencia this turn, I can only send the troops currently in Teruel (2 archers, 1 knight). But I can also send troops from other villages to join the attack? The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So I cannot combine troops from different villages for a single attack. I must send from one village. So I can only send from Teruel to attack Valencia. If I want to send more, I need to build them in Teruel first, but they won't be ready until next turn. So I can either attack now with the small force, or wait until next turn to attack with a bigger force.
If I attack now with 2 archers, 1 knight (attack 8), against defense 5 (or 7.5 if defender gets counter? Let's re-evaluate counter for defender. My most numerous is archer (2). Enemy most numerous is knight (2). Knight counters archer. So the enemy's most numerous counters my most numerous. Does that mean the defender gets the counter bonus? The text: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It says "your force", which might mean the army that has the counter. So if my army's most numerous type is archer, and the enemy's is knight, the enemy has the counter (knight counters archer). So the enemy's force is multiplied by 1.5. Since the enemy is defending, their defense is multiplied by 1.5. So effective defense becomes 5 * 1.5 = 7.5. My attack is 8. I win, but just barely. The winner takes losses against the loser's effective force. So my losses would be proportional to 7.5? Actually, "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So my losses are based on the enemy's effective force (7.5), and enemy losses are based on my effective force (8). So I would lose some troops, and the enemy loses all (since it's a village, the garrison is destroyed? Wait, when you attack a village, do you eliminate the garrison or just defeat the army? The goal is to conquer the village. If you win, you take the village, and the enemy garrison is destroyed? The text says: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." It doesn't specify what happens to the loser's troops. In typical games, the loser's army is destroyed or captured. But here, it says "attrition", so the winner takes losses equal to some proportion of the loser's force. The loser's force is presumably destroyed or routed. So if I win, the enemy's 2 knights are eliminated, and I take losses. With attack 8 vs defense 7.5, I might lose, say, 1 or 2 troops. But I'm not sure about the exact attrition formula. It says "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER. The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So if I win, I take losses equal to the loser's effective force? That would mean I take 7.5 losses? That seems high. Maybe it's a proportion. I'll assume it's manageable.
But if I wait until next turn, I can build spearmen and attack with a counter bonus, winning more decisively. However, the enemy might also reinforce Valencia or attack Teruel. Last turn, the enemy attacked Teruel (defeat), so they might try again. If I leave Teruel weak, they might take it. So I need to balance.
Actually, the enemy's main force seems to be around Madrid and Zaragoza. Valencia has only 2 knights, it might not be a priority for them. But they could attack Teruel from Zaragoza or Valencia. The road network: Teruel [13] connects to Valencia [16], Zaragoza [17], Castellon [18], and Toledo [8] (mine). So the enemy could attack Teruel from Zaragoza or Valencia or Castellon. But they would need to march. The enemy army marching toward Zaragoza arrives in 1 turn. That army might then attack Teruel if ordered. But we don't know their orders.

Let's think about the overall strategy. I need to expand. Attacking Valencia is a good move. But I need to ensure Teruel is defended. I can build troops in Teruel and leave some for defense while sending some to attack. But the attack must come from a single village. So I can send a portion of Teruel's troops to attack Valencia, and leave the rest to defend Teruel. That's allowed: I can choose how many to send.
So this turn, I can build troops in Teruel, and next turn send a strong attack to Valencia while leaving enough for defense.
But I can also attack this turn with the existing troops. Let's see if I can win. Attack 8 vs defense 7.5 (if defender has counter). I win, but I take losses. The enemy garrison is 2 knights. If I win, I conquer Valencia, and the 2 knights are destroyed. I take some losses. Then next turn, I can build more and continue.
But wait, the effective defense of Valencia is 5 (was 10, 5 turns ago). The report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 5 (was 10, 5 turns ago)". So it was 10, now 5. That means the garrison was reduced? Or the location bonus changed? "was 10, 5 turns ago" might mean that 5 turns ago, the effective defense was 10. Now it's 5. So the village's defense has decreased, possibly because troops were sent away or lost. It currently has 2 knights. Defense of 2 knights in a village: each knight has defense 2. In a village, defense x1.25. So 2 * 2 * 1.25 = 5. That matches. So the effective defense is exactly the garrison's defense with location bonus. No counter bonus included. So if the defender has a counter bonus, it would be multiplied on top of that? The text says: "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again." It doesn't mention the counter bonus. So the counter bonus is not included in the effective defense. So I need to apply it if the defender has the counter.
So for Valencia, defense is 5. If defender has counter (knight vs archer), defense becomes 7.5. My attack is 8. I win.
But what if I send from Teruel with the current troops, and the enemy has no counter? Actually, the enemy's most numerous is knight, mine is archer. Knight counters archer, so defender has counter. So defense is 7.5.
If I send 2 archers and 1 knight, my attack is 8. I win with 8 vs 7.5. But I take losses. How many? "attrition against the loser's effective force" - the loser's effective force is 7.5. So I might lose troops equivalent to 7.5? That could be 1 knight and some archers? I'm not sure. It might be a simple formula: losses = loser's effective force / winner's effective force * winner's troops? Or something. But since I only have 3 troops, I might lose 1 or 2. That's acceptable if I conquer Valencia.
But wait, the rule says: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." This implies that the winner suffers casualties equal to the loser's effective force? That would be devastating. Usually, attrition is a fraction. Let's look for clues in the text. "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER. The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." It doesn't specify the amount. In some games, it's 1 troop per point of effective force, or a percentage. Since it's not specified, I'll assume it's manageable and I can still hold the village.
But there's another factor: "Neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type." Cordoba [11] is neutral, has 5 knights, defense 13 (was 10, 5 turns ago). So it gained 3 troops? Actually, "was 10, 5 turns ago" means 5 turns ago defense was 10, now 13. It gained +1 troop of its own type every 5 turns? But it says "every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop". So over 5 turns, it gains 5 troops? But the defense only went from 10 to 13, which is +3. Maybe it's not exactly +1 per turn, but the text says "every 5 turns... gains +1 troop". So in 5 turns, it gains 1 troop? That would be +1 defense per 5 turns. But here it went from 10 to 13 in 5 turns, which is +3. So maybe it gains more? Or the "was 10" is the defense before the location bonus? No, it says "effective defense (location bonus included): 13 (was 10, 5 turns ago)". So the effective defense increased by 3. That might be due to gaining troops and/or the location bonus changing? Actually, if it gained 1 knight, defense would increase by 1.25 (since village x1.25). So +1 troop = +1.25 defense. To get +3, it might have gained 2 troops (2*1.25=2.5) or something. This is confusing. Maybe the "was 10" is from a previous turn, and it's not exactly 5 turns ago? The report says "was 10, 5 turns ago". So it's approximate. I wouldn't worry too much about it.

Let's focus on the immediate decisions.
I need to output a JSON with build, movements, plan, statement.

Builds: I'll build troops in several villages to prepare for the next phase.
Movements: I can send troops from Teruel to attack Valencia, or I can send reinforcements to my border villages.
Let's consider the enemy's likely moves. The enemy has an army marching to Zaragoza (arrives in 1 turn). They might also have armies in Madrid, Pamplona, etc. They could attack my border villages: Salamanca [7], Toledo [8], Burgos [14], Teruel [13]. Last turn, they attacked Teruel, Madrid, Burgos. They lost at Teruel and Burgos, but won at Madrid (which was already theirs? Or they conquered it? The report says "King B attacked [12] Madrid: VICTORY, conquered". But Madrid is listed as ENEMY. So maybe they conquered it from someone else? Or it was a neutral village they conquered? The report says "you attacked here 1x in the last 8 turns (1 conquered)". So I attacked Madrid before and conquered it? But now it's enemy. So maybe the enemy reconquered it? Or it was always enemy and I attacked it but failed? The text says "you attacked here 1x in the last 8 turns (1 conquered)" - that might mean I conquered it once, but then lost it? Or it means I attacked and conquered it once, but now it's enemy again? The report says Madrid is ENEMY (King B). So it's currently enemy. The "you attacked here 1x in the last 8 turns (1 conquered)" is a note about my past attacks. So I did conquer it at some point, but now it's enemy again. So the enemy has it now.
Given that the enemy is active, I need to defend my borders. Salamanca is strong (defense 48). Toledo is weak (defense 10). Burgos is weak (defense 10). Teruel is weak (defense 8). I should reinforce these.
But I also want to attack. Attacking Valencia from Teruel would weaken Teruel's defense. If I send all of Teruel's troops, Teruel falls if the enemy attacks. So I should send only part, or build more first.
Since I can only send troops that exist now, and Teruel only has 3 troops, if I send them, Teruel has 0 troops, which is very risky. The enemy could attack Teruel from Zaragoza (which is getting reinforced) or Valencia. So I should not strip Teruel. Instead, I should build troops in Teruel and next turn send a larger force while leaving some for defense. Or I can send troops from another village to reinforce Teruel, but they would fight separately if they meet the enemy? Actually, if I send troops to Teruel (my village), they just join the garrison. So I can send reinforcements to Teruel from other villages. For example, from Toledo [8] which is connected to Teruel. Toledo has 4 archers. I could send them to Teruel to reinforce. But Toledo is also a border village and might need them. However, Toledo's defense is 10, which is low. If I send them away, Toledo becomes defenseless. But maybe the enemy won't attack Toledo this turn. The enemy's main force seems to be in Madrid and Zaragoza. Madrid connects to Toledo. So Toledo could be attacked from Madrid. So I should keep troops in Toledo.
What about sending from Badajoz [4]? Badajoz connects to Toledo and Salamanca and Sevilha, but not directly to Teruel. The road network: Badajoz [4] connects to [1] Santarem, [5] Faro, [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha. So to get to Teruel, troops from Badajoz would have to go through Toledo or Salamanca? Actually, Teruel [13] connects to [8] Toledo. So from Badajoz to Toledo to Teruel. But if I send from Badajoz to Teruel, they would march to Toledo first. If Toledo is mine, they pass through. But the rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." Since Toledo is mine, they would pass through and continue to Teruel. So I can send from Badajoz to Teruel via Toledo. The march time: from Badajoz to Toledo is "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" (from the report: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"). Then from Toledo to Teruel: the report says for Toledo: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo" but that's itself. For Teruel, it says "march from [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Zaragoza, but to Toledo? The road network says [8] Toledo connects to [13] Teruel. So from Toledo to Teruel is the same distance. So from Badajoz to Teruel would be 2 slow turns? Actually, Badajoz to Toledo is 1 slow turn, Toledo to Teruel is 1 slow turn? The report for Badajoz says to Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. For Toledo, the report doesn't give distance to Teruel, but from Teruel to Toledo it's probably similar. So total 2 slow turns. That's a long march. During that time, the enemy could attack.
It's better to build troops locally.

Let's prioritize building in border villages to strengthen defense, and build in interior villages to serve as reserves.
For this turn, I'll order builds in multiple villages to increase my troop counts. Then I'll consider movements.

Movements: I could send some troops from Salamanca to reinforce Toledo, since Salamanca is strong and Toledo is weak. Salamanca has 19 troops, defense 48. I can spare a few. Salamanca connects to Toledo via Badajoz? Road network: Salamanca [7] connects to [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto, [12] Madrid. Not directly to Toledo. Toledo [8] connects to [4] Badajoz, [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel. So from Salamanca to Toledo, the path is Salamanca -> Badajoz -> Toledo. That's 2 slow turns (Salamanca to Badajoz is 1 slow? The report for Salamanca says "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca" but it's itself. For Badajoz, it says "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast". So Badajoz to Toledo is 1 turn. Salamanca to Badajoz: the road network shows [7] Salamanca connects to [4] Badajoz. The report for Salamanca doesn't give distance to Badajoz, but from Badajoz to Salamanca it's probably 1 turn. So Salamanca to Toledo is 2 turns. That's a bit slow. But I can send them now, and they'll arrive in 2 turns. Meanwhile, the enemy might attack Toledo this turn or next. If they attack Toledo this turn, my reinforcements won't arrive in time. So I need to ensure Toledo can hold on its own or get reinforcements from closer villages.
Toledo is connected to Badajoz (mine), Cordoba (neutral), Madrid (enemy), Teruel (mine). So I can send from Badajoz to Toledo quickly (1 turn). Badajoz has 9 troops (1 spearman, 5 archer, 3 knight). I can send some to Toledo. But Badajoz is also a border village? Badajoz is interior (no enemy border). So it's safe from direct attack. I can send troops from Badajoz to Toledo to reinforce. That makes sense.
Similarly, Burgos [14] is border with Madrid and Pamplona. It has 4 troops. I can send from Vigo [10] to Burgos? Vigo connects to Porto and Burgos. Vigo to Burgos: "from here to your nearest border village [14] Burgos: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So 1 turn. Vigo has 1 knight. I can send that to Burgos. But 1 knight isn't much.
Teruel [13] is border with Valencia, Zaragoza, Castellon. It has 3 troops. I can send from Toledo [8] to Teruel (1 turn). Toledo has 4 archers. I can send them to Teruel to reinforce, but then Toledo is empty. However, Toledo is connected to Madrid, so it might be attacked. But if I reinforce Teruel, I can attack Valencia more effectively. Let's think about the enemy's priorities. The enemy's capital is Barcelona, but they are active in the center. They have Madrid, Zaragoza, etc. They might try to break through my line to reach the coast or to capture my villages. My line is Salamanca, Toledo, Teruel, Burgos. Salamanca is strong. Toledo, Teruel, Burgos are weak. The enemy could attack Toledo from Madrid, or Teruel from Zaragoza/Valencia, or Burgos from Madrid/Pamplona. I need to shore up these weak points.
Since I can't defend everywhere, I should focus on the most threatening front. The enemy has an army marching to Zaragoza, which is near Teruel. So Teruel is likely to be attacked. I should reinforce Teruel. I can send from Toledo to Teruel. Toledo is close (1 turn). But if I send from Toledo, Toledo becomes weak. However, the enemy might not attack Toledo this turn because they are focused on Zaragoza. Last turn, they attacked Teruel, Madrid, Burgos. They didn't attack Toledo. So maybe Toledo is less of a target. But Madrid is enemy, so they could attack Toledo from Madrid. It's a risk.
Alternatively, I can build troops in Toledo and Teruel this turn, and next turn they will have more troops. Building takes one turn, so the troops are available next turn. If the enemy attacks this turn, the new troops won't help. But the enemy's attack this turn will be resolved simultaneously with my moves. So if I build in Toledo, the new troops won't be there to defend if the enemy attacks Toledo this turn. However, the enemy's attack order is written at the same time as mine, over the same snapshot. So the enemy sees the current state (Toledo with 4 archers). They might decide to attack Toledo based on that. If they attack, my 4 archers will defend. If I build more, they won't be there yet. So building doesn't help defense this turn. Only sending reinforcements from elsewhere helps defense this turn (if they arrive in time). But sending from Badajoz to Toledo takes 1 turn, so they would arrive next turn, not this turn. So if the enemy attacks Toledo this turn, only the current garrison fights. So I need to ensure the current garrison is strong enough to hold, or accept that it might fall.
Toledo has 4 archers, defense 10 (effective defense 10). Enemy at Madrid has 2 archers, 3 knights, defense 13. If they attack Toledo, they would send some troops. The effective defense of Toledo is 10. The enemy's attack power would depend on what they send. If they send all 5 troops (2 archers, 3 knights), attack power: archers 2*2=4, knights 3*4=12, total 16. Most numerous is knight (3). My most numerous is archer (4). Knight counters archer, so enemy has counter? Wait, attacker's most numerous is knight, defender's most numerous is archer. Knight counters archer, so attacker has counter. Their attack is multiplied by 1.5? The rule: "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So if attacker has counter, their attack is x1.5. So attack becomes 16 * 1.5 = 24. Defense is 10. They win easily. So Toledo would fall if the enemy attacks with full force. But they might not send all troops; they might send a raiding party. We can't know.
Given the risk, I should try to reinforce Toledo by sending troops from a nearby village that can arrive quickly. But as I said, sending from Badajoz takes 1 turn, so they arrive next turn. If the enemy attacks this turn, they won't help. However, if the enemy attacks this turn, they might also be attacking other places. The enemy has only one visible army marching to Zaragoza. They might have other armies in Madrid, Pamplona, etc., but we don't see them. The report says "ENEMY (only what your watchmen can see): - enemy army marching toward [17] Zaragoza, arrives in 1 turn". So that's the only visible enemy army. The enemy could have armies in their own villages that are not on the march, but those are stationary and would be seen if they left? Actually, the fog of war means we only see armies that are on the march and within sight. So the enemy could have armies in Madrid, but if they haven't moved, we might not see them as "on the march". The report lists garrisons for enemy villages: Madrid has 2 archers, 3 knights; Zaragoza has 2 archers, 3 knights; Valencia has 2 knights; Castellon has 5 knights; Pamplona has 5 knights. These are the garrisons at those villages. The enemy can order them to march. So the enemy has troops available in those villages. They could attack my border villages this turn.
So I need to assume the enemy will attack somewhere. Last turn, they attacked Teruel, Madrid, Burgos. So they are aggressive. They might attack again. I should try to protect my vulnerable villages.
But I also need to make progress. If I just defend, I won't reach 18 villages. I need to attack and conquer enemy villages. The easiest is Valencia. But to attack Valencia, I need to send troops from Teruel. If I send them, Teruel's defense drops
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
########## TURNO 13 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3272 | resposta 16600 | raciocinio 16600 | finish content_filter | ms 204580
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B in a turn-based strategy game. I need to analyze the current state, make decisions for building and moving troops, and output a JSON object with my orders, a plan, and a statement.

Let's analyze the current state:
- I hold 9 villages: Barcelona (22), Tarragona (21), Girona (23), Castellon (18), Zaragoza (17), Huesca (20), Valencia (16), Madrid (12), Pamplona (19).
- Total troops at home: 51 (7 spearman, 5 archer, 39 knight) + 4 marching.
- Marching troops:
  - 2 spearmen from [18] Castellon to [15] Murcia (arrives in 1 turn)
  - 2 spearmen from [23] Girona to [17] Zaragoza (arrives in 1 turn)
- Enemy villages visible:
  - [13] Teruel (King A): 2 archers, 1 knight, defense 8
  - [14] Burgos (King A): 3 spearmen, 1 knight, defense 10
  - [7] Salamanca (King A): 9 spearmen, 7 archers, 3 knights, defense 48 (very strong!)
  - [8] Toledo (King A): 4 archers, defense 10
- Neutral villages visible:
  - [15] Murcia: 5 archers, defense 13
- Unexplored villages: [11] Cordoba, [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto, [10] Vigo, [3] Coimbra, [9] Sevilha, [5] Faro, [1] Santarem, [0] Lisboa (enemy capital), [2] Evora.

Goal: Hold at least 18 of 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. Currently 9/24.

Let's look at my resources and available troops per village:
- [22] Barcelona: wood 90, iron 20. Troops: 5 knight. Can build? Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. I have 90 wood, 20 iron. Can build 0 knights (needs 30 iron, only have 20). Spearman costs 15 wood, 0 iron. Can build 6 spearman (90/15 = 6). Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Let's see what makes sense.
- [21] Tarragona: wood 30, iron 40. Troops: 7 spearman, 1 archer, 6 knight. Can build? Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Spearman costs 15 wood. Can build 2 spearmen (30 wood). Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
- [23] Girona: wood 90, iron 40. Troops: 5 knight. 2 spearmen marching out. Can build? Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Spearman costs 15 wood. Can build 6 spearmen. Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. Can build 2 archers.
- [18] Castellon: wood 90, iron 50. Troops: 5 knight. 2 spearmen marching out. Can build? Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Spearman costs 15 wood. Can build 6 spearmen. Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. Can build 2 archers.
- [17] Zaragoza: wood 60, iron 20. Troops: 5 knight, 2 archer. Marching in: 2 spearmen. Can build? Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron (not enough iron). Spearman costs 15 wood. Can build 4 spearmen. Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
- [20] Huesca: wood 90, iron 20. Troops: 5 knight. Can build? Spearman costs 15 wood. Can build 6 spearmen. Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. Can build 2 archers.
- [16] Valencia: wood 120, iron 40. Troops: 2 knight. Can build? Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Spearman costs 15 wood. Can build 8 spearmen. Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. Can build 2 archers.
- [12] Madrid: wood 60, iron 50. Troops: 5 knight, 2 archer. Can build? Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Spearman costs 15 wood. Can build 4 spearmen. Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. Can build 2 archers.
- [19] Pamplona: wood 75, iron 30. Troops: 5 knight. Can build? Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Spearman costs 15 wood. Can build 5 spearmen. Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. Can build 1 archer.

Let's look at the map and potential targets.
My borders:
- [16] Valencia borders [13] Teruel (enemy, weak: 2 archers, 1 knight, defense 8) and [15] Murcia (neutral, 5 archers, defense 13).
- [12] Madrid borders [7] Salamanca (very strong), [8] Toledo (4 archers, defense 10), [14] Burgos (3 spearmen, 1 knight, defense 10).
- [17] Zaragoza borders [13] Teruel, [12] Madrid, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona.
- [18] Castellon borders [13] Teruel, [16] Valencia, [21] Tarragona.
- [19] Pamplona borders [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza, [20] Huesca.

The enemy capital is [0] Lisboa, connected to [1] Santarem and [2] Evora. Unexplored.
To win, I need 18 villages. I have 9. I need 9 more.
The visible enemy villages are [13] Teruel, [14] Burgos, [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo.
Neutral village is [15] Murcia.
Unexplored: [11] Cordoba, [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto, [10] Vigo, [3] Coimbra, [9] Sevilha, [5] Faro, [1] Santarem, [0] Lisboa, [2] Evora.
That's 10 unexplored villages. If I capture some of them, plus the visible ones, I can reach 18.
But the enemy capital is the hardest target, and taking it is not required.
The enemy has [7] Salamanca with a huge army (9 spearmen, 7 archers, 3 knights). That's a major threat.
Let's look at the enemy's strength. They reinforced [7] Salamanca with 9 spearmen, 2 archers, 2 knights last turn. That's a big army.
My current armies on march:
- 2 spearmen from [18] to [15] Murcia (neutral). Arrives in 1 turn. This is good, Murcia is neutral, I can try to conquer it.
- 2 spearmen from [23] to [17] Zaragoza. Arrives in 1 turn. This just reinforces Zaragoza.

Let's think about attacks.
[15] Murcia has 5 archers, defense 13. I have 2 spearmen marching there. If they arrive, I'll have 2 spearmen attacking 5 archers. Spearmen vs archers: archers counter spearmen? Wait, the counter triangle is: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer.
So archers counter spearmen. 5 archers vs 2 spearmen: archers have counter bonus (1.5x). Archers attack = 2 * 5 = 10. Spearmen defense = 2 * 2 = 4 (in village, defense x1.25? Wait, defense counts x1.25 in a village. So 2 spearmen defense = 2 * 2 * 1.25 = 5). Archers attack = 10 * 1.5 (counter) = 15. Archers win easily.
So 2 spearmen alone won't take Murcia. I need to send more troops.
But wait, the 2 spearmen are already marching. They will arrive next turn. I can send reinforcements from [16] Valencia or [18] Castellon.
[16] Valencia has 2 knight. Knight is fast, costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Valencia has 120 wood, 40 iron. Can build 1 knight. Or send the 2 knights already there.
Let's check the distance: [16] Valencia to [15] Murcia is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn. So knights from Valencia would arrive in 1 fast turn, which is 1 turn. The spearmen from [18] arrive in 1 turn (slow). So if I send knights from Valencia, they might arrive at the same time or later? Wait, the rules say: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So sending 2 knights from Valencia and 2 spearmen from Castellon to Murcia: they will fight separately. The first one to arrive fights the garrison, then the second one fights the garrison (possibly reinforced by the first if it won, but if the first loses, the garrison is still there).
Actually, the order of fights: "each send fights alone, one at a time." Probably the one that arrives first fights, or they fight in some order. If I send knights, they are fast, so they might arrive before the spearmen? Spearmen are slow, knights are fast. The march from [16] to [15] is 1 fast turn. The march from [18] to [15] is 1 slow turn. So knights arrive first.
Let's calculate: 2 knights vs 5 archers. Knight attack 4, defense 2. Archer attack 2, defense 2.
Counter: knight vs archer: knight counters archer? No, spearman counters knight, archer counters spearman, knight counters archer. Yes, knight counters archer!
So knights get 1.5x bonus. 2 knights attack = 4 * 2 = 8 * 1.5 = 12. Archers defense = 2 * 5 = 10 (in village, defense x1.25? Wait, defense counts x1.25 in a village. So 5 archers defense = 2 * 5 * 1.25 = 12.5). Effective defense of [15] is 13 (as reported). So knights attack 12 vs defense 13. Knights lose, but take few losses? "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." If knights lose, they might be destroyed.
Wait, the report says [15] Murcia effective defense is 13. That includes the location bonus. So I should use that directly. 2 knights attack power = 4 * 2 = 8. With counter bonus (knight counters archer): 8 * 1.5 = 12. Defense is 13. Knights lose.
What if I send more knights? I have 5 knights in [18] Castellon, 5 in [23] Girona, 5 in [22] Barcelona, etc. But they are far.
Maybe I should attack [13] Teruel instead? It has 2 archers, 1 knight, defense 8.
From [16] Valencia, [13] is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn. From [18] Castellon, [13] is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn. From [17] Zaragoza, [13] is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.
I have troops in [16] (2 knight), [18] (5 knight), [17] (5 knight, 2 archer).
Let's calculate attacking [13] Teruel with 5 knights from [18]. Knight attack 4, defense 2. Teruel garrison: 2 archers, 1 knight.
Counter: most numerous type in my army is knight. Enemy most numerous is archer (2 archers, 1 knight). Knight vs archer: knight counters archer. So I get 1.5x bonus.
My attack = 4 * 5 = 20 * 1.5 = 30.
Enemy defense: archers defense 2, knight defense 2. Most numerous is archer, so defense is archer-based? "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
So enemy most numerous is archer. My most numerous is knight. Knight counters archer, so my attack is multiplied by 1.5.
Enemy defense: effective defense is 8 (from report). So 30 vs 8. I win easily.
But wait, the enemy has 1 knight. If I attack, the enemy knight might counter my knights? No, the counter is based on the most numerous type. My army is all knights, so most numerous is knight. Enemy army has 2 archers, 1 knight, so most numerous is archer. Knight counters archer. So my bonus is 1.5x.
If I send 5 knights, I should win. Losses: my effective force 30, enemy 8. I take losses proportional to enemy force? "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So I might lose some troops, but not all.
Let's check the cost: building knights costs 30 wood, 30 iron. I need to be careful with resources.
But I have many villages producing resources.

Let's look at the big picture. I need 9 more villages.
The unexplored area has 10 villages. The enemy capital is there, but I don't need to take it. I can take neutral villages and enemy villages.
However, the enemy has a strong army in [7] Salamanca. If I attack [8] Toledo or [14] Burgos, I might trigger a counter-attack from Salamanca? No, the enemy AI writes orders simultaneously. They might attack my villages.
I need to defend my villages too. My villages have some troops, but many have only 5 knights. The enemy could attack them.
But the enemy's visible armies: none on the march. They have a big army in [7] Salamanca, but it's not marching.
Let's look at my villages' defenses:
- [22] Barcelona: defense 15, 5 knights.
- [21] Tarragona: defense 35, 14 troops (7 spearman, 1 archer, 6 knight). Very strong!
- [23] Girona: defense 13, 5 knights.
- [18] Castellon: defense 13, 5 knights.
- [17] Zaragoza: defense 13, 5 knights, 2 archers.
- [20] Huesca: defense 13, 5 knights.
- [16] Valencia: defense 5, 2 knights. Weak!
- [12] Madrid: defense 13, 5 knights, 2 archers.
- [19] Pamplona: defense 13, 5 knights.

Valencia is weak (defense 5). It borders [13] Teruel and [15] Murcia. If the enemy attacks from [13] or [15], Valencia could fall. But [15] is neutral, so no enemy there. [13] has a small garrison. So Valencia is relatively safe for now.
But I should reinforce Valencia or build troops there.
Valencia has 120 wood, 40 iron. It can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and have 90 wood, 10 iron left. Or build 8 spearmen (120 wood). Or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
Building knights is good for speed and power, but expensive. Spearmen are cheap but slow and weak against archers.
Let's think about the counter triangle. If I expect to fight archers (like in Murcia or Teruel), knights are good (counter archers). If I expect to fight knights, spearmen are good. If I expect to fight spearmen, archers are good.
The enemy in [7] Salamanca has many spearmen and archers. So knights would be good against the archers, but spearmen counter knights. It's complex.

Let's focus on capturing villages to reach 18.
I have 9. I need 9 more.
Visible easy targets: [13] Teruel (defense 8), [15] Murcia (defense 13, neutral), [8] Toledo (defense 10), [14] Burgos (defense 10).
If I take Teruel, Murcia, Toledo, Burgos, that's 4 more, total 13. Then I need 5 more from the unexplored area.
The unexplored area has [11] Cordoba, [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto, [10] Vigo, [3] Coimbra, [9] Sevilha, [5] Faro, [1] Santarem, [0] Lisboa, [2] Evora. That's 10 villages. If I take 5 of them, I win.
But the enemy capital [0] Lisboa is there, and probably heavily defended. The other villages might be neutral or enemy.
To explore, I need to send armies to unexplored villages. But armies on the march can be intercepted.
Let's look at the road network to unexplored villages.
From my villages:
- [12] Madrid connects to [7] Salamanca (enemy), [8] Toledo (enemy), [14] Burgos (enemy), [17] Zaragoza (mine).
- [14] Burgos (enemy) connects to [10] Vigo, [12] Madrid, [19] Pamplona.
- [10] Vigo connects to [6] Porto, [14] Burgos.
- [6] Porto connects to [3] Coimbra, [7] Salamanca, [10] Vigo.
- [3] Coimbra connects to [1] Santarem, [6] Porto, [7] Salamanca.
- [1] Santarem connects to [0] Lisboa, [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz.
- [4] Badajoz connects to [1] Santarem, [5] Faro, [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha.
- [8] Toledo connects to [4] Badajoz, [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel.
- [11] Cordoba connects to [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia.
- [9] Sevilha connects to [4] Badajoz, [5] Faro, [11] Cordoba.
- [5] Faro connects to [2] Evora, [4] Badajoz, [9] Sevilha.
- [2] Evora connects to [0] Lisboa, [5] Faro.
- [0] Lisboa connects to [1] Santarem, [2] Evora.

So to reach the unexplored west, I need to go through [7] Salamanca or [14] Burgos or [8] Toledo. All are enemy.
[7] Salamanca is very strong (defense 48). [14] Burgos is weaker (defense 10). [8] Toledo is weaker (defense 10).
So I could attack [14] Burgos from [12] Madrid or [19] Pamplona. If I win, I can then march to [10] Vigo, which is unexplored.
Or attack [8] Toledo from [12] Madrid. If I win, I can march to [11] Cordoba or [4] Badajoz.
Or attack [13] Teruel from [16] Valencia, [18] Castellon, or [17] Zaragoza. If I win, I can march to [8] Toledo or [11] Cordoba? [13] connects to [8], [16], [17], [18]. So from [13] I can go to [8] Toledo.

Let's prioritize capturing [13] Teruel, [15] Murcia, [14] Burgos, [8] Toledo. These are the closest and weakest.
I have marching troops: 2 spearmen to [15] Murcia, 2 spearmen to [17] Zaragoza.
The 2 spearmen to Murcia will arrive next turn. They are too weak alone. I should send reinforcements from [16] Valencia or [18] Castellon.
But wait, the 2 spearmen are already marching. They will arrive and fight the 5 archers in Murcia. They will lose. So I should send a stronger force to Murcia to support them, but they fight separately. So if I send knights from Valencia, they will fight first (since they are fast), then the spearmen fight the remaining garrison (or the garrison might be reinforced by the knights if they win? No, the knights would conquer the village if they win, so the spearmen would arrive at a friendly village? Wait, if the knights conquer Murcia, it becomes mine. Then the spearmen arriving would reinforce it. But the spearmen were ordered to march to Murcia before it was mine. The rules say: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So if Murcia is conquered by the knights before the spearmen arrive, the spearmen would arrive at a friendly village and join the garrison. That's good.
So I should send a strong force to Murcia to conquer it, and the spearmen will then reinforce it.
What force do I need to conquer Murcia? 5 archers, defense 13.
I can send knights from [16] Valencia (2 knights) and [18] Castellon (5 knights). But they fight separately. If I send 2 knights from Valencia, they fight first. 2 knights vs 5 archers: attack 8, counter 1.5 = 12, defense 13. They lose. Then the spearmen from Castellon arrive and fight the archers (still 5 archers, since the knights lost and were destroyed). 2 spearmen vs 5 archers: spearmen attack 1*2=2, archers defense 2*5*1.25=12.5, archers counter spearmen so archers attack 2*5*1.5=15. Spearmen lose.
So sending 2 knights and 2 spearmen won't work. I need to send a larger force.
I have 5 knights in [18] Castellon. If I send all 5, they fight: 5 knights attack = 4*5=20, counter 1.5 = 30 vs defense 13. They win. They will take losses but conquer the village. Then the 2 spearmen from [18] (wait, the spearmen are already marching from [18] to [15]? No, the report says: "2 spearmen: [18] -> [15], arrives in 1 turn". So they are from Castellon. If I send 5 knights from Castellon now, they will march to [15] too. But the spearmen are already on the road. The knights will be sent after. The spearmen are slow, knights are fast. The knights will arrive first, fight, win, conquer. Then the spearmen arrive and join. That works!
But wait, the spearmen are already marching. The knights would be a new order. The distance from [18] to [15] is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn. So knights take 1 fast turn, spearmen take 1 slow turn. So knights arrive first. Perfect.
So I can send 5 knights from [18] Castellon to [15] Murcia. They will conquer it. The 2 spearmen already marching will then reinforce it.
But [18] Castellon has 5 knights. If I send all 5, it will be empty. Is that safe? Castellon borders [13] Teruel (enemy) and [16] Valencia (mine) and [21] Tarragona (mine). If the enemy attacks Castellon, it has no troops. But the enemy in Teruel has only 2 archers, 1 knight. They could attack Castellon, but they would need to march. The distance is 1 slow/medium/fast turn. If they attack, they might take Castellon. But I can reinforce from Valencia or Tarragona.
Tarragona has 14 troops, Valencia has 2 knights. They could reinforce Castellon.
But let's see if I can build troops in Castellon instead of sending all. Castellon has 90 wood, 50 iron. It can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). So it will have a knight next turn. But if I send all 5, it will have 0 now, but next turn it might have 1 if I build.
Actually, I should build troops in my villages to have reserves.
Let's think about the overall strategy. I need to expand quickly. The enemy has a big army in Salamanca. I need to be careful.
Maybe I should attack [13] Teruel first. It's weaker than Murcia (defense 8 vs 13). And it's an enemy village, so conquering it reduces the enemy's count.
Let's calculate attacking [13] Teruel with 5 knights from [18] Castellon. [18] to [13] is 1 slow/medium/fast turn. 5 knights vs 2 archers, 1 knight. Defense 8. Attack 30. Easy win. But [13] is enemy, so if I conquer it, it becomes mine. That's +1 village (total 10). And it opens the path to [8] Toledo.
But wait, [13] Teruel is connected to [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [8] Toledo. If I take it, I border [8] Toledo.
Let's see if I can take [13] and [15] and [14] and [8] this turn or next.
I can send multiple armies.
Available troops to send:
- [18] Castellon: 5 knight. Can send to [13] Teruel or [15] Murcia.
- [16] Valencia: 2 knight. Can send to [13] Teruel or [15] Murcia.
- [17] Zaragoza: 5 knight, 2 archer. Can send to [13] Teruel.
- [12] Madrid: 5 knight, 2 archer. Can send to [14] Burgos or [8] Toledo.
- [19] Pamplona: 5 knight. Can send to [14] Burgos.
- [21] Tarragona: 7 spearman, 1 archer, 6 knight. Can send to [18] Castellon (reinforce) or [17] Zaragoza or [22] Barcelona.
- [22] Barcelona: 5 knight. Can send to [21] Tarragona or [23] Girona.
- [23] Girona: 5 knight. Can send to [17] Zaragoza or [20] Huesca or [22] Barcelona.
- [20] Huesca: 5 knight. Can send to [17] Zaragoza or [19] Pamplona.

I need to decide which attacks to launch.
The enemy has no armies on the march, so they won't intercept me this turn. But they might attack my villages next turn.
My weak villages: [16] Valencia (defense 5, 2 knights), [18] Castellon (defense 13, 5 knights), [17] Zaragoza (defense 13, 5 knights, 2 archers), [12] Madrid (defense 13, 5 knights, 2 archers).
If I send all troops from Castellon to Murcia, Castellon becomes empty. If the enemy attacks from Teruel (2 archers, 1 knight), they could take Castellon. But Teruel's garrison is small. They would need to build more troops. The enemy might not attack.
But to be safe, I should keep some troops in border villages.
Let's plan a multi-pronged attack:
1. Take [15] Murcia (neutral) using knights from [18] Castellon (5 knights). The 2 spearmen already marching will reinforce.
2. Take [13] Teruel (enemy) using knights from [16] Valencia (2 knights) and maybe some from [17] Zaragoza? But 2 knights might not be enough for Teruel (defense 8). 2 knights attack = 8, counter 1.5 = 12 vs defense 8. They win! But they will take losses. And they are from Valencia, which is weak. If I send both knights from Valencia, it becomes empty. That's risky. Valencia borders Teruel and Murcia. If I take Teruel, Valencia is safe from that side. But if I send all knights, Valencia has 0 troops. The enemy could attack from Murcia? Murcia is neutral, so no enemy there. From Teruel? If I take Teruel, it's mine. So Valencia would be safe. But what about the enemy in Salamanca? They could march to Madrid, then to Valencia? The road: Salamanca -> Madrid -> Zaragoza -> Valencia? Or Salamanca -> Toledo -> Teruel -> Valencia. It's far. They would take many turns.
So sending 2 knights from Valencia to Teruel is probably safe.
3. Take [14] Burgos (enemy) using knights from [12] Madrid (5 knights) or [19] Pamplona (5 knights). Burgos defense 10. 5 knights attack = 20, counter? Burgos garrison: 3 spearmen, 1 knight. Most numerous is spearman. Knight vs spearman: spearman counters knight! So if I attack with knights, the enemy has spearmen, so the enemy gets counter bonus? Wait, the counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer.
So if I attack with knights, and the defender has spearmen, the defender (spearmen) counters my knights! So the defender gets the 1.5x bonus? "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It says "your force", meaning the attacker? Or the one who has the counter? "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
It doesn't specify attacker or defender. It says "your force". In context, it probably applies to whichever side has the counter. But the next sentence: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
Then: "Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital). In the open field (on a road) there is no bonus."
Then: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER."
So the counter bonus applies to the force that has the counter. If I attack with knights, and the defender has spearmen, the defender has the counter (spearman counters knight). So the defender's force is multiplied by 1.5? Or does the attacker get the bonus if they have the counter?
The phrase "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5" suggests that if your army type counters the enemy's, your force is multiplied. So if I attack with knights, and the enemy has archers, my knights counter archers, so my force is multiplied. If the enemy has spearmen, their spearmen counter my knights, so their force is multiplied.
So in the case of attacking Burgos (3 spearmen, 1 knight) with knights: enemy most numerous is spearman. My most numerous is knight. Spearman counters knight. So the enemy has the counter. Their defense is multiplied by 1.5? But wait, defense already has a location bonus (x1.25 in village). Does the counter bonus apply on top of that? The report says "effective defense (location bonus included)". So the 10 for Burgos already includes the location bonus. Does it include the counter bonus? Probably not, because the counter depends on the attacker's army. The effective defense is static, but when attacked, the counter is calculated based on the armies.
So if I attack Burgos with 5 knights, the enemy has 3 spearmen, 1 knight. The spearmen counter my knights. So the enemy's effective defense might be multiplied by 1.5? Or my attack is reduced? The rule says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So the enemy's force (defense) would be multiplied by 1.5.
So effective defense = 10 * 1.5 = 15. My attack = 4 * 5 = 20. 20 vs 15, I still win, but with fewer losses.
If I attack with spearmen, I would not give the enemy a counter bonus (spearman vs spearman, no counter). But spearmen are slow and have lower attack.
What if I attack with archers? Archer vs spearman: archer counters spearman? No, archer counters spearman? The triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. So archer counters spearman! So if I attack with archers, my archers counter their spearmen, so my attack is multiplied by 1.5.
So archers would be better against Burgos. But I have few archers.
Let's check my available archers: [17] Zaragoza has 2 archer, [12] Madrid has 2 archer. That's not many.
Knights are fast and powerful. Even with the counter against spearmen, 5 knights (attack 20) vs defense 15 (with counter) still wins.
But wait, the enemy has 1 knight. If the enemy's most numerous is spearman, the knight is just there. The counter is set by the most numerous type. So spearman vs knight: spearman counters knight. So enemy gets 1.5x.
Let's recalculate: Burgos defense is 10 (effective, including location bonus). If enemy gets counter bonus, it becomes 15. My 5 knights attack = 20. 20 > 15, I win. I take losses.
What if I send 3 knights? Attack 12, vs 15, I lose.
So 5 knights is enough.
But I need to consider that the enemy might have reinforcements. The enemy could send troops from Salamanca to Burgos. Salamanca is connected to Burgos? Road network: [7] Salamanca connects to [3], [4], [6], [12]. [14] Burgos connects to [10], [12], [19]. So Salamanca and Burgos are not directly connected! They both connect to [12] Madrid. So if the enemy wants to reinforce Burgos, they would need to go through Madrid. But Madrid is mine! So they cannot march through my village unless they attack it. So Burgos is isolated from Salamanca by Madrid. That's great!
Similarly, [8] Toledo connects to [4], [11], [12], [13]. So Toledo is also isolated from Salamanca by Madrid.
[13] Teruel connects to [8], [16], [17], [18]. So Teruel is isolated from Salamanca by Toledo and Madrid? Salamanca -> Madrid -> Toledo -> Teruel. Or Salamanca -> Badajoz -> Toledo -> Teruel. So there are paths, but they go through enemy or neutral territory.
Actually, the enemy can march along roads through enemy villages. Salamanca is enemy, Toledo is enemy, Teruel is enemy. So the enemy can move from Salamanca to Toledo to Teruel without passing through my villages. So they can reinforce.
But the distance is long. Salamanca to Toledo: [7] to [8] is 1 slow/medium/fast turn? The report says: "march from [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to [8] Toledo. So Madrid to Toledo is 1 turn. Salamanca to Madrid is 1 turn. So Salamanca to Toledo is 2 turns. Toledo to Teruel is 1 turn. So Salamanca to Teruel is 3 turns. That's a while.
So I have time to strike.

Let's focus on the most valuable targets.
I need 9 more villages. The unexplored area has 10. If I can capture the visible easy ones and then push into the unexplored, I can win.
But the unexplored area is guarded by the enemy capital and possibly other enemy villages. I don't know their garrisons.
To explore, I need to send armies to unexplored villages. But if I send a small army, it might be defeated. If I send a large army, I might leave my other villages weak.
Maybe I should first consolidate my position and build up troops.
Let's look at my resource production. Each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. I have 9 villages, so 270 wood, 180 iron per turn. That's a lot. I can build many troops.
But the cap per village is 300 troops. I have far from that.
Let's plan builds for this turn:
I should build troops in all my villages to maximize my army.
But I need to be careful about the cap: "when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building". I'm far from that.
Let's calculate what I can build in each village based on resources and available space.
I'll list each village, its resources, and what it can build.

[22] Barcelona: wood 90, iron 20. Troops: 5 knight.
Can build: spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) -> 6 max (90/15). archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 2 max (40 wood, 20 iron). knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 0 max (not enough iron).
Best: build 2 archers (uses all iron) and 4 spearmen? But 2 archers = 40 wood, 4 spearmen = 60 wood, total 100 wood > 90. So 2 archers (40 wood) + 3 spearmen (45 wood) = 85 wood. Or 6 spearmen (90 wood). Or 2 archers (40 wood) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 55 wood, leaving 35 wood. But I want to use resources efficiently.
Actually, I should build knights if possible, but I lack iron. Barcelona has only 20 iron, so 0 knights. I can build archers and spearmen.
But wait, the troops already there are 5 knights. I might want to build more knights to send out, but I can't.
Let's see the bigger picture. I need to produce knights because they are the fastest and strongest. But I need iron. My villages have varying iron. Barcelona has 20, Tarragona has 40, Girona has 40, Castellon has 50, Zaragoza has 20, Huesca has 20, Valencia has 40, Madrid has 50, Pamplona has 30.
Total iron: 20+40+40+50+20+20+40+50+30 = 310 iron per turn? No, each village produces 20 iron per turn. So total 180 iron per turn. The numbers in the report are the current stock, not production. "wood 90 (+30/turn) | iron 20 (+20/turn)" means current wood 90, production 30/turn; current iron 20, production 20/turn.
So Barcelona has 20 iron now, and gains 20 next turn. So it can build something that costs iron now, but next turn it will have more.
But the rule: "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." So I can only build if I have the resources right now.
So for Barcelona: wood 90, iron 20. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 6 spearmen (90 wood) or 1 knight? Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Not enough iron. So no knights.
Tarragona: wood 30, iron 40. Troops: 7 spearman, 1 archer, 6 knight. Can build: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> leaves 0 wood, 10 iron. Or 2 spearmen (30 wood) -> leaves 0 wood, 40 iron. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> leaves 10 wood, 30 iron. Or 1 spearman + 1 archer? 15+20=35 wood > 30. So best is 1 knight (uses wood and iron, produces a strong troop).
Girona: wood 90, iron 40. Troops: 5 knight. Can build: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> leaves 60 wood, 10 iron. Or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) -> leaves 50 wood, 20 iron. Or 3 knights? 90 wood, 90 iron - not enough iron. So 1 knight is good, or 2 archers + 1 spearman? Let's see: 1 knight + 1 archer? 30+20=50 wood, 30+10=40 iron. Leaves 40 wood, 0 iron. Or 1 knight + 2 spearmen? 30+30=60 wood, 30 iron. Leaves 30 wood, 10 iron. Many options.
Castellon: wood 90, iron 50. Troops: 5 knight. Can build: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> leaves 60 wood, 20 iron. Or 2 knights? 60 wood, 60 iron - not enough iron. So 1 knight max. Or archers/spearmen.
Zaragoza: wood 60, iron 20. Troops: 5 knight, 2 archer. Can build: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> leaves 40 wood, 10 iron. Or 4 spearmen (60 wood) -> leaves 0 wood, 20 iron. Or 1 knight? 30 wood, 30 iron - not enough iron.
Huesca: wood 90, iron 20. Troops: 5 knight. Can build: 6 spearmen (90 wood) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight? not enough iron.
Valencia: wood 120, iron 40. Troops: 2 knight. Can build: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> leaves 90 wood, 10 iron. Or 8 spearmen (120 wood). Or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) + 4 spearmen (60 wood) = 100 wood. Or 4 knights? 120 wood, 120 iron - not enough iron.
Madrid: wood 60, iron 50. Troops: 5 knight, 2 archer. Can build: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> leaves 30 wood, 20 iron. Or 2 knights? 60 wood, 60 iron - not enough iron. Or 4 spearmen (60 wood) + 2 archers? 60+40=100 wood > 60. So 1 knight is good.
Pamplona: wood 75, iron 30. Troops: 5 knight. Can build: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> leaves 45 wood, 0 iron. Or 5 spearmen (75 wood) -> leaves 0 wood, 30 iron. Or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) + 2 spearmen (30 wood) = 70 wood, 20 iron -> leaves 5 wood, 10 iron.

I want to build as many knights as possible because they are the best. But I also need to consider that I might need spearmen or archers for specific counters.
Let's see the enemies I plan to attack:
- [15] Murcia: 5 archers. Knight counters archer. So knights are great.
- [13] Teruel: 2 archers, 1 knight. Knight counters archer. Knights are great.
- [14] Burgos: 3 spearmen, 1 knight. Spearman counters knight. So if I attack with knights, the enemy gets counter bonus. But I can still win with enough knights. Alternatively, I could attack with archers (archer counters spearman). But I have few archers.
- [8] Toledo: 4 archers. Knight counters archer. Knights are great.
- Unexplored: unknown.

So knights are good for most targets. I should build knights where I can.
But I also need to defend. My villages have some troops. If the enemy attacks, they might use spearmen or archers. My knights would be countered by spearmen, etc.
It's a rock-paper-scissors. I should diversify a bit.
But knights are so fast and powerful, it's often worth it.

Let's decide on builds for this turn. I'll try to build knights in every village that can afford them.
- Barcelona: cannot build knight (no iron). Build 2 archers? Or 6 spearmen? I'll build 2 archers (uses iron, which is scarce) and maybe some spearmen? But I have 90 wood. 2 archers = 40 wood, 20 iron. Leaves 50 wood. Can build 3 spearmen (45 wood). Total 2 archers, 3 spearmen. But I need to specify builds. The JSON allows multiple builds per village? "build": [ {"villageId": ..., "type": ..., "quantity": ...} ]. I can have multiple entries for the same village? The schema says "build": [ {"villageId": <id>, "type": <...>, "quantity": <...>} ]. It doesn't say I can't have multiple for the same village, but typically it's one per village. I can list multiple builds for different villages. For a single village, I might need to choose one type. The instruction: "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." It doesn't specify if I can build multiple types in one turn. Usually in these games, you can build one unit type per village per turn, or multiple? The example doesn't show. But to be safe, I'll assume I can build one type per village per turn, or I can list multiple builds for the same village if the JSON allows. The schema is an array of objects, so I can have multiple objects with the same villageId. I'll do that if needed.
But let's keep it simple: one build per village, choosing the most useful.
Actually, the rules say: "Each village you hold produces resources every turn, and resources are what build your army." And "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." It doesn't limit to one type per turn. But typically, you build one type at a time. I'll assume I can build multiple types if I have resources, but I'll list them separately in the JSON array.

Let's think about movements.
I want to attack:
1. [15] Murcia: send 5 knights from [18] Castellon. The 2 spearmen already marching will join after conquest.
2. [13] Teruel: send 2 knights from [16] Valencia? Or maybe send more from elsewhere. I have 5 knights in [17] Zaragoza. I could send some from there. But Zaragoza is also a border village. If I send all 5, it's empty. But I can build more. Let's see: I can send 3 knights from [17] Zaragoza to [13] Teruel, and 2 knights from [16] Valencia to [13] Teruel. But they fight separately. 2 knights from Valencia: attack 8, counter 1.5 = 12 vs defense 8. They win. 3 knights from Zaragoza: attack 12, counter 1.5 = 18 vs defense 8. They win. But the first fight will reduce the garrison, so the second fight is easier. Actually, if the first fight wins and conquers, the second fight arrives at a friendly village. So I should send a force that can conquer it in one go. 5 knights from one village is better because they all fight together. But I don't have 5 knights in one village near Teruel except [18] Castellon (5 knights) and [17] Zaragoza (5 knights). If I send from Castellon to Teruel, I can't send to Murcia (since I want to send Castellon's knights to Murcia). So I need to choose.
Maybe I should send Castellon's knights to Teruel (defense 8) instead of Murcia (defense 13)? Teruel is enemy, so it reduces enemy count. Murcia is neutral, so it increases my count. Both are good. But Teruel is weaker, so easier to take. And taking Teruel opens the path to Toledo.
But Murcia is also valuable. And I have spearmen already marching to Murcia. If I don't send a strong force, they will be wasted.
Let's calculate: if I send 5 knights from Castellon to Murcia, they conquer it. Then the 2 spearmen join. That's good.
For Teruel, I can send 2 knights from Valencia and 3 knights from Zaragoza? But they fight separately. The first one (say Valencia's 2 knights) fights the garrison (2 archers, 1 knight). They win, but take losses. Do they conquer it? If they win, they take the village. Then Zaragoza's 3 knights arrive at a friendly village. But wait, if Valencia's 2 knights conquer Teruel, they become the garrison. Then Zaragoza's 3 knights join them. So Teruel would have 2 knights (from Valencia) + 3 knights (from Zaragoza) = 5 knights. That works.
But the order of arrival: Valencia to Teruel is 1 fast turn? The report says: "march from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to [13] Teruel. So knights from Valencia take 1 fast turn. Zaragoza to Teruel: "march from [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to [13] Teruel? Wait, the report says for [13] Teruel: "march from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". It doesn't list Zaragoza, but from the road network, [17] Zaragoza connects to [13] Teruel. The distance should be similar. Let's check the road network: [13] Teruel connects to [8], [16], [17], [18]. So from [17] Zaragoza to [13] is 1 road segment. The report says "march from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So it's 1 turn for all speeds? Actually, it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns", meaning 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast. So all troop types take 1 turn to march from Valencia to Teruel. Similarly, from Zaragoza to Teruel should be 1 turn. So they arrive at the same time? But the rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if they arrive on the same turn, they fight one at a time. The order might be arbitrary or based on something. But if the first one wins and conquers, the second one arrives at a friendly village. So it's okay as long as the first one can win.
Can 2 knights from Valencia win against Teruel? 2 knights attack = 8, counter vs archers (most numerous in Teruel: 2 archers, 1 knight) = 1.5, so 12. Defense 8. They win. They will take losses. "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So the 2 knights might lose some. But they should conquer it. Then the 3 knights from Zaragoza arrive and join.
But wait, if the 2 knights conquer Teruel, they become the garrison. But they took losses, so they might be reduced to 1 or 0 knight. If they are reduced to 0, the village might be empty? No, the winner takes losses but the village is conquered. The surviving troops stay. So if 2 knights win, maybe 1 knight survives. Then Zaragoza's 3 knights arrive and join, making 4 knights.
That seems okay.
But is it better to send a single large force to avoid the separate fights? I have 5 knights in Castellon. If I send them to Teruel, they fight as one group and win easily. Then I don't need to send from Valencia and Zaragoza. But then what about Murcia? The 2 spearmen marching to Murcia would arrive and fight the 5 archers alone. They would lose. So I would waste those 2 spearmen.
Maybe I should cancel the march to Murcia? No, they are already marching. I can't cancel.
So if I don't send reinforcements to Murcia, the 2 spearmen will be lost. That's not great, but it's only 2 spearmen.
Alternatively, I can send a different force to Murcia. For example, I have 5 knights in [23] Girona, but they are far. [23] to [15] Murcia: road network: [23] Girona -> [20] Huesca -> [17] Zaragoza -> [13] Teruel -> [16] Valencia -> [15] Murcia? Or [23] -> [22] Barcelona -> [21] Tarragona -> [17] Zaragoza -> ... It's many turns.
So Girona's knights can't reach Murcia quickly.
What about [21] Tarragona? It has 6 knights, 7 spearmen, 1 archer. It could send troops to Murcia, but it's far: Tarragona -> Castellon -> Valencia -> Murcia? Or Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> Teruel -> Valencia -> Murcia. It's several turns.
So the only quick reinforcements for Murcia are from Castellon (1 turn) or Valencia (1 turn).
If I send Castellon's 5 knights to Murcia, they conquer it. Then Teruel is left alone. I can send Valencia's 2 knights to Teruel. They might win, but they are few. Or I can send Zaragoza's knights to Teruel.
Let's see what happens if I send Valencia's 2 knights to Teruel. They win, but maybe with heavy losses. Then Teruel is mine. But Valencia is now empty (0 troops). Valencia has defense 5. Is it safe? It borders Murcia (which I will have conquered, so mine) and Teruel (which I will have conquered, so mine). So Valencia is surrounded by my villages! So it's safe. The enemy would have to attack through my villages to reach it. So emptying Valencia is okay.
But wait, the enemy in [7] Salamanca could attack [12] Madrid, then from Madrid to [17] Zaragoza, then to [16] Valencia? That's a long path. And Madrid has troops.
So I think it's safe to send Valencia's knights to Teruel.
But I need to consider that the enemy might attack my villages this turn. The enemy has no armies on the march, but they can send new orders. They might attack [16] Valencia, [18] Castellon, [12] Madrid, etc.
If I empty Valencia, and the enemy attacks Valencia from Teruel (which is enemy), they could take it. But Teruel has a small garrison. They would need to build troops there. The enemy might do that.
To be safe, I should keep some troops in Valencia. But I can build troops there next turn. Valencia has 120 wood, 40 iron. It can build 1 knight or many spearmen. If I send the 2 knights away, I can build a knight next turn, so it will have 1 knight. Or I can build spearmen this turn? The build happens this turn, so the troops are available immediately? "ready in 1 turn" means they are built at the end of the turn? Usually in these games, you build and they are available for movement the next turn. The report says: "spearman: costs 15 wood + 0 iron, ready in 1 turn." So if I order a build this turn, they will be available next turn for movement. So this turn, I can only send what is already there.
So Valencia has 2 knights at home. If I send them, Valencia has 0 troops this turn. Next turn, I can build something.
But the enemy also builds and moves simultaneously. So if the enemy sends troops to Valencia this turn, they would arrive next turn or later. If they arrive next turn, my newly built troops might be there. But if they arrive this turn? No, marching takes turns. The enemy would need to be in a village adjacent to Valencia to attack it this turn. The adjacent villages are [13] Teruel (enemy) and [15] Murcia (neutral). The enemy in Teruel has 2 archers, 1 knight. They could attack Valencia this turn. The distance is 1 turn. So they could send troops from Teruel to Valencia, arriving next turn. But they would need to have the resources to build troops in Teruel? No, the troops in Teruel are already there. They can send them. So the enemy could send the 2 archers and 1 knight from Teruel to Valencia. If they do, they would arrive next turn. Next turn, I could have built something in Valencia. But if I send the 2 knights away, Valencia has 0 troops at the start of next turn, but my newly built troops (if I build) would be there at the start of next turn? The timing: I build this turn, they are ready in 1 turn, so they are available at the start of the next turn? Or at the end of the next turn? "ready in 1 turn" usually means they are available for the next turn's orders. So if I build this turn, next turn I can send them. So at the start of next turn, the newly built troops are in the village. So if the enemy arrives next turn, they would fight the newly built troops. So building in Valencia is good.
But what if the enemy attacks Valencia this turn? They can't, because they are in Teruel, and marching takes 1 turn. So they would arrive next turn. So I have this turn to send troops, and next turn the built troops will be there.
So sending the 2 knights from Valencia to Teruel is okay, as long as I build something in Valencia this turn.
Valencia can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 8 spearmen (120 wood) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). I'll build 1 knight, so next turn Valencia has 1 knight. That's not a lot, but it's something.
Alternatively, I could build spearmen. But knights are better.

Let's think about the overall plan for this turn.
I want to conquer:
- [15] Murcia (neutral) with 5 knights from [18] Castellon.
- [13] Teruel (enemy) with 2 knights from [16] Valencia and maybe 3 knights from [17] Zaragoza? Or just 5 knights from [18] Castellon? But Castellon is going to Murcia.
What if I send Castellon's knights to Teruel instead, and send something else to Murcia? I don't have another fast force near Murcia. Valencia has 2 knights, but they are not enough for Murcia (defense 13). 2 knights attack 12 vs 13, they lose. So I need Castellon's knights for Murcia.
So Castellon -> Murcia (5 knights).
Then for Teruel, I can use Valencia's 2 knights and Zaragoza's 3 knights. Or I can use Zaragoza's 5 knights alone. If I send 5 knights from Zaragoza to Teruel, they fight as one group and win easily. Zaragoza has 5 knights, 2 archers. I can send the 5 knights, leaving 2 archers. That's fine. Zaragoza borders Teruel, Madrid, Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona. If I send the knights, the archers remain. Defense of Zaragoza with 2 archers: archer defense 2, in village x1.25 = 2.5 each, total 5? But the effective defense was 13 with 5 knights and 2 archers. With only 2 archers, it would be lower. But Zaragoza is interior? It borders enemy [13] Teruel. So it's a border village. If I leave only 2 archers, it might be vulnerable if the enemy attacks from Teruel. But if I conquer Teruel, it becomes mine, so Zaragoza is safe from that side. The enemy could attack from Madrid? Madrid is mine. From Pamplona? Mine. From Huesca? Mine. From Tarragona? Mine. So Zaragoza is interior after I take Teruel. So it's safe.
So sending Zaragoza's 5 knights to Teruel is a good move.
Then Valencia's 2 knights can stay in Valencia to defend, or I can send them somewhere else. Or I can build more in Valencia.
Actually, if I send Zaragoza's 5 knights to Teruel, they conquer it. Then Valencia's 2 knights can stay or go to Murcia? But Murcia will be conquered by Castellon's knights. So Valencia's knights can just stay.
But wait, I also have the 2 spearmen marching from Girona to Zaragoza. They will arrive next turn and join Zaragoza. So Zaragoza will have 2 spearmen next turn.
Let's check the marching troops: "2 spearmen: [23] -> [17], arrives in 1 turn". So next turn, Zaragoza gets 2 spearmen.
So if I send Zaragoza's 5 knights to Teruel this turn, next turn Zaragoza will have 2 spearmen (from Girona) and whatever I build there this turn.
Zaragoza has wood 60, iron 20. It has 5 knights, 2 archer. If I send the 5 knights, I have 2 archer left. I can build something. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 4 spearmen (60 wood). I'll build 4 spearmen, so next turn Zaragoza has 2 archers + 4 spearmen + 2 spearmen (arriving) = 8 troops. That's a decent garrison.

Now, what about [14] Burgos and [8] Toledo? They are also enemy villages I want to take.
I have [12] Madrid with 5 knights, 2 archer. I can send them to [14] Burgos or [8] Toledo.
Burgos defense 10, garrison: 3 spearmen, 1 knight. Toledo defense 10, garrison: 4 archers.
Which is easier? Against Burgos, if I send 5 knights, enemy has spearmen (counter my knights), so enemy gets 1.5x defense? Let's calculate: enemy most numerous is spearman (3 spearmen, 1 knight). My most numerous is knight. Spearman counters knight, so enemy gets 1.5x bonus to their force? Or does the counter apply to the attacker's force? The rule: "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So if the enemy has the counter, their force is multiplied. So their effective defense becomes 10 * 1.5 = 15. My attack with 5 knights = 20. 20 vs 15, I win. But I take losses.
Against Toledo: 4 archers. My knights counter archers, so my attack is multiplied by 1.5. 5 knights attack = 20 * 1.5 = 30. Defense 10. I win easily.
So Toledo is an easier target. And it opens the path to [11] Cordoba and [4] Badajoz, which are unexplored.
Also, from Toledo, I can reach [13] Teruel? Toledo connects to [13] Teruel. So if I take Toledo, I can support Teruel.
But Madrid to Toledo is 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns? The report says: "march from [12] Madrid: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to [8] Toledo. So knights take 1 fast turn? Wait, "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means slow troops take 2 turns, medium take 1 turn, fast take 1 turn? Or does it mean the distance is 2 for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast? Usually it's the number of turns. So knights (fast) take 1 turn to reach Toledo from Madrid. That's good.
So I can send 5 knights from Madrid to Toledo this turn. They will arrive next turn (since fast takes 1 turn). They should conquer Toledo.
Then what about Burgos? I have [19] Pamplona with 5 knights. I can send them to Burgos. Pamplona to Burgos: road network: [19] Pamplona connects to [14] Burgos. The report says: "march from [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to [14] Burgos. So from Pamplona, it should be similar. Let's check the road: [19] Pamplona - [14] Burgos. So 1 turn for fast troops. So I can send 5 knights from Pamplona to Burgos. They arrive next turn.
Burgos: 3 spearmen, 1 knight, defense 10. As calculated, with counter against my knights, defense becomes 15. My attack 20. I win, but take losses. Is it worth it? Yes, because Burgos is an enemy village, and it opens the path to [10] Vigo (unexplored).
So I can launch three major attacks this turn:
1. [18] Castellon -> [15] Murcia (5 knights)
2. [17] Zaragoza -> [13] Teruel (5 knights)
3. [12] Madrid -> [8] Toledo (5 knights)
4. [19] Pamplona -> [14] Burgos (5 knights)
That's four attacks! And I have the 2 spearmen already marching to Murcia, and 2 spearmen to Zaragoza.
But wait, I need to check if I have enough troops in those villages. Let's list the troops I'm sending:
- Castellon: 5 knights (all it has). Leaves 0.
- Zaragoza: 5 knights (all knights, leaves 2 archers).
- Madrid: 5 knights (all knights, leaves 2 archers).
- Pamplona: 5 knights (all it has). Leaves 0.
So after sending, my villages will have:
- Castellon: 0 troops. But it can build next turn.
- Zaragoza: 2 archers. Plus 2 spearmen arriving next turn.
- Madrid: 2 archers.
- Pamplona: 0 troops.
- Valencia: 2 knights (I'm not sending them).
- Tarragona: 14 troops (not sending).
- Barcelona: 5 knights (not sending).
- Girona: 5 knights (not sending).
- Huesca: 5 knights (not sending).

Is this safe? Let's look at the enemy's potential attacks.
The enemy has:
- [13] Teruel: 2 archers, 1 knight. If I attack it with Zaragoza's knights, I conquer it. But the enemy might also send orders. They could send troops from Teruel to attack my villages. For example, they could attack [16] Valencia (which has 2 knights) or [18] Castellon (which will be empty). But if they attack Castellon, they would march from Teruel to Castellon: 1 turn. They would arrive next turn. Castellon will be empty this turn, but I can build something there this turn. Castellon has 90 wood, 50 iron. It can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). So next turn, Castellon will have 1 knight. If the enemy arrives with 2 archers, 1 knight, they would fight 1 knight. 1 knight vs 2 archers, 1 knight: enemy most numerous archer, my knight counters archer? My knight is 1, enemy archers 2. Most numerous enemy is archer. My knight counters archer, so my attack is 4 * 1.5 = 6. Enemy defense: archers defense 2*2*1.25=5, knight defense 2*1*1.25=2.5, total 7.5? But effective defense is calculated differently? The report gives effective defense including location bonus. For Castellon, it was 13 with 5 knights. With 1 knight, it would be lower. But let's not overcomplicate. The enemy might attack, but they have a small force.
- [14] Burgos: 3 spearmen, 1 knight. If I attack it with Pamplona's knights, I conquer it. The enemy could attack [12] Madrid (which will have 2 archers) or [19] Pamplona (which will be empty). But if they attack Pamplona from Burgos, they would need to march. Burgos to Pamplona is 1 turn. They could send their garrison. But if I conquer Burgos, it's mine, so they can't march from there unless they retake it.
- [7] Salamanca: huge army (9 spearmen, 7 archers, 3 knights). They could attack [12] Madrid. Madrid will have 2 archers after I send the knights. That's very weak. If Salamanca attacks Madrid, they could conquer it. The distance from Salamanca to Madrid is 1 turn (fast). So they could send their army and arrive next turn. Madrid's defense with 2 archers: archer defense 2, in village x1.25 = 2.5 each, total 5. The enemy army is huge. They would easily take Madrid. That would be a disaster.
So I need to consider that Salamanca might attack Madrid. If I send all knights from Madrid to Toledo, Madrid is left with only 2 archers. That's very vulnerable.
I should keep some troops in Madrid, or reinforce it.
Madrid has 5 knights, 2 archers. If I send the 5 knights to Toledo, I leave 2 archers. I could instead send only 3 knights to Toledo, leaving 2 knights and 2 archers. But 3 knights might not be enough to conquer Toledo. Let's calculate: 3 knights attack = 12, counter vs archers (Toledo has 4 archers) = 1.5, so 18. Defense 10. They win, but take losses. They might conquer it. But if they take losses, they might be reduced. It's risky.
Alternatively, I could send troops from another village to reinforce Madrid. For example, Tarragona has 6 knights, 7 spearmen, 1 archer. Tarragona to Madrid: road network: [21] Tarragona -> [17] Zaragoza -> [12] Madrid. That's 2 turns for fast troops? Let's check: Tarragona to Zaragoza is 1 turn, Zaragoza to Madrid is 1 turn. So 2 turns for knights. That's too slow to reinforce this turn.
What about Pamplona? Pamplona to Madrid: [19] Pamplona -> [14] Burgos -> [12] Madrid. Or [19] -> [17] Zaragoza -> [12] Madrid. Both are 2 turns.
So I can't quickly reinforce Madrid.
Maybe I shouldn't attack Toledo this turn. Instead, I should defend Madrid.
But wait, the enemy might not attack Madrid. They have no armies on the march. They might just build in Salamanca. The AI might not be aggressive. But I can't assume that.
Let's look at the enemy's last actions: "A reinforcement of King A (9 spearmen, 2 archers, 2 knights) arrived at [7] Salamanca". That suggests they are reinforcing Salamanca, maybe preparing for an attack. But where would they attack? The closest enemy village to Salamanca is [7] itself. They could attack [12] Madrid, or [8] Toledo (which is theirs), or [14] Burgos (theirs), or [3] Coimbra (unexplored), etc.
If they attack Madrid, they would need to send troops from Salamanca. The distance is 1 turn. So they could send them this turn, arriving next turn. If I leave Madrid weak, they could take it.
Madison is a key village: it connects to Salamanca, Toledo, Burgos, Zaragoza. If I lose it, I lose connection to my eastern villages? No, Zaragoza is connected to Madrid, but also to Teruel, Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona. So if Madrid falls, I can still reach it from Zaragoza. But it would be a setback.
To be safe, I should keep Madrid defended. I could send only 2 knights from Madrid to Toledo, leaving 3 knights and 2 archers. 2 knights might not conquer Toledo. Let's calculate: 2 knights attack = 8, counter 1.5 = 12 vs defense 10. They win, but they take losses. Do they conquer? They need to reduce the garrison to 0. The garrison is 4 archers. The fight: my 2 knights vs 4 archers. My attack 12, enemy defense 10 (effective). I win. Losses: my effective force 12, enemy 10. I take losses proportional to enemy force. I might lose 1 knight. Then I have 1 knight left in Toledo. That's not a strong hold. And the enemy might retake it.
So sending a small force is risky.
Maybe I should not attack Toledo this turn. Instead, I should focus on the easier targets: Teruel and Murcia. And maybe Burgos.
But Burgos is also a border with Madrid. If I attack Burgos from Pamplona, I leave Pamplona empty. Pamplona borders Burgos and Zaragoza and Huesca. If the enemy attacks Pamplona from Burgos, they could take it. But if I conquer Burgos, it's mine, so no enemy there.
What about the enemy in Salamanca? They could attack Madrid, then from Madrid attack Pamplona? That's two turns.
I think the biggest threat is Salamanca attacking Madrid. So I should keep Madrid strong.
Let's consider a different plan: attack Teruel and Murcia, and maybe Burgos, but not Toledo. Keep Madrid's troops to defend.
But I also want to expand. I need 9 more villages. Taking Teruel, Murcia, Burgos gives 3. I need 6 more. Toledo would be 4. Then I need 5 from unexplored.
Maybe I can send a scouting party to unexplored villages to see what's there. But scouting means sending troops that might fight.
Actually, I can send troops to unexplored villages to conquer them. But I don't know their garrisons.
Let's look at the unexplored villages and their connections:
- [10] Vigo: connects to [6] Porto, [14] Burgos. If I take Burgos, I can reach Vigo.
- [6] Porto: connects to [3] Coimbra, [7] Salamanca, [10] Vigo.
- [3] Coimbra: connects to [1] Santarem, [6] Porto, [7] Salamanca.
- [1] Santarem: connects to [0] Lisboa, [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz.
- [4] Badajoz: connects to [1] Santarem, [5] Faro, [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha.
- [9] Sevilha: connects to [4] Badajoz, [5] Faro, [11] Cordoba.
- [11] Cordoba: connects to [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia.
- [5] Faro: connects to [2] Evora, [4] Badajoz, [9] Sevilha.
- [2] Evora: connects to [0] Lisboa, [5] Faro.
- [0] Lisboa: enemy capital, connects to [1], [2].

So the unexplored area is mostly reachable through Burgos (to Vigo), Toledo (to Cordoba, Badajoz), or Salamanca (to Porto, Coimbra, Badajoz). Since Salamanca is strong, I'll avoid that route. I'll go through Burgos and Toledo.
If I take Burgos, I can send troops to Vigo to explore/conquer. Vigo is unexplored, but it's a village. It might be neutral or enemy. If it's neutral, it will have some garrison. If it's enemy, it might have a garrison.
Taking Vigo would give me a village, and open the path to Porto.
So the plan could be: take Burgos, then next turn take Vigo. Take Teruel, then next turn take Toledo? Or take Toledo directly.
But I need to be careful about resources and troop losses.
Let's think about the economy. I have 9 villages producing 30 wood, 20 iron each = 270 wood, 180 iron per turn. I can build a lot of troops. But I need to actually build them.
This turn, I should build as many troops as possible to replace losses and reinforce.
Let's decide on builds for each village, considering what I plan to send.
I'll assume I send:
- Castellon: 5 knights to Murcia.
- Zaragoza: 5 knights to Teruel.
- Pamplona: 5 knights to Burgos.
- Madrid: keep troops (maybe send 2 knights to Toledo? Or none).
- Valencia: keep 2 knights (or send to Teruel? But Zaragoza is sending 5, so Teruel should fall).
- Tarragona, Barcelona, Girona, Huesca: keep troops, build reinforcements.

Let's calculate the attacks in detail.

Attack 1: [18] Castellon -> [15] Murcia (neutral)
My army: 5 knights. Attack = 4*5 = 20. Counter: Murcia garrison is 5 archers. Most numerous archer. My knights counter archers, so my attack is multiplied by 1.5. Effective attack = 20 * 1.5 = 30.
Murcia effective defense = 13 (from report, includes location bonus). So 30 vs 13. I win. Losses: my effective force 30, enemy 13. I take losses proportional to enemy force. The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So my losses are based on the enemy's effective force. Probably I lose some troops. How many? The exact formula isn't given, but likely a fraction. Since 30 vs 13, I should win with maybe 3-4 knights surviving. So I'll have about 1-2 knights left in Murcia. But then the 2 spearmen from Castellon arrive (they were already marching). They will join the garrison. So Murcia ends up with maybe 1-2 knights + 2 spearmen.
But wait, the 2 spearmen are from Castellon. They were ordered last turn. They are marching. They will arrive at Murcia. If Murcia is conquered by the knights, the spearmen arrive at a friendly village and join. So that's good.
But the knights from Castellon are sent this turn. They will march. The distance is 1 fast turn. So they arrive next turn. The spearmen are slow, so they also arrive next turn? The report says: "2 spearmen: [18] -> [15], arrives in 1 turn". So they arrive next turn. The knights are fast, so they also take 1 turn? "march from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to [15] Murcia. So from Castellon, it should be similar: 1 fast turn for knights. So both arrive next turn. But the knights are fast, so they might arrive "first" in the turn order? The rules say: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So even though they arrive on the same turn, they fight separately. The knights will fight the garrison, then the spearmen will fight the garrison (which is now my village if knights won). So the spearmen just reinforce. That's perfect.

Attack 2: [17] Zaragoza -> [13] Teruel (enemy)
My army: 5 knights. Attack = 20. Teruel garrison: 2 archers, 1 knight. Most numerous: archer (2). My knights counter archers, so attack *1.5 = 30. Teruel defense = 8. 30 vs 8, easy win. Losses: enemy effective force 8, so I take few losses. Maybe 1-2 knights lost. So I'll have 3-4 knights in Teruel. Then Zaragoza can build more.
But wait, Teruel is enemy. If I conquer it, it becomes mine. That's +1 village.

Attack 3: [19] Pamplona -> [14] Burgos (enemy)
My army: 5 knights. Attack = 20. Burgos garrison: 3 spearmen, 1 knight. Most numerous: spearman (3). My knights vs spearmen: spearman counters knight, so the enemy has the counter. Their defense is multiplied by 1.5? The rule: "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So the enemy's force (defense) is multiplied by 1.5. Effective defense = 10 * 1.5 = 15. My attack = 20. 20 vs 15, I win. Losses: enemy effective force 15, so I take more losses than against Teruel. Maybe 3-4 knights lost. So I'll have 1-2 knights left in Burgos. That's weak. I might need to reinforce Burgos next turn.
But wait, is the counter bonus applied to the defender's effective defense? The report says "effective defense (location bonus included)". So the 10 for Burgos already includes the village bonus (x1.25). The counter bonus would be an additional multiplier. So 10 * 1.5 = 15. Yes.
So I win, but with heavy losses.

Attack 4: [12] Madrid -> [8] Toledo (enemy)
My army: 5 knights. Attack = 20. Toledo garrison: 4 archers. My knights counter archers, so attack *1.5 = 30. Defense = 10. Easy win. Losses: enemy force 10, so I lose maybe 2 knights. I'll have 3 knights left in Toledo.
But as I said, leaving Madrid with only 2 archers is risky. If I do this, I should reinforce Madrid. Can I reinforce Madrid from somewhere? Tarragona is too far. Zaragoza is 1 turn away, but I'm sending Zaragoza's knights to Teruel. If I don't send Zaragoza's knights, I could send them to Madrid instead. But then Teruel is not attacked.
What if I attack Teruel from Valencia and Castellon? Let's rethink.
I have multiple villages near Teruel: Valencia (2 knights), Castellon (5 knights), Zaragoza (5 knights). I could send Castellon's knights to Teruel, and Valencia's knights to Murcia? But Valencia's 2 knights are not enough for Murcia.
What if I send Castellon's 5 knights to Teruel, and Zaragoza's 5 knights to Murcia? Zaragoza to Murcia: road network: [17] Zaragoza -> [13] Teruel -> [16] Valencia -> [15] Murcia. That's 3 turns for fast? Or Zaragoza -> Madrid -> ... No, Zaragoza doesn't connect directly to Murcia. It goes through Teruel or Valencia. So it's far. So Zaragoza can't quickly reach Murcia.
So Castellon is the best for Murcia because it's 1 turn away. Valencia is also 1 turn away from Murcia, but has only 2 knights.
So Castellon -> Murcia is good.
For Teruel, I can use Zaragoza's 5 knights. That leaves Zaragoza with 2 archers. Then what about Madrid? I can leave Madrid's troops to defend, and not attack Toledo this turn. Instead, I can attack Burgos from Pamplona, and maybe attack Toledo from somewhere else? Or I can attack Toledo from Madrid but send only 3 knights, leaving
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
COMBATE [13] Teruel: atacante B Fatk=13 (ef 13) Fdef=8 (ef 15) vant=-1 -> vence defensor | baixas~3
COMBATE [12] Madrid: atacante B Fatk=26 (ef 26) Fdef=12 (ef 23) vant=-1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~11
COMBATE [14] Burgos: atacante B Fatk=7 (ef 7) Fdef=10 (ef 13) vant=0 -> vence defensor | baixas~3
REFORCO [21] Tarragona dono B: 1K
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 2A
REFORCO [7] Salamanca dono A: 9S+2A+2K
placar: A 13 ald/tropas 65 | B 9 ald/tropas 51 | neutras 2 | transito 2 (A 0 | B 2)

########## TURNO 14 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4036 | resposta 11259 | raciocinio 7265 | finish stop | ms 113150
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 7, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 6},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 8, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 14, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 6},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 9, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 10, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 7, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 9, \"archer\": 7, \"knight\": 3}},\n    {\"fromId\": 13, \"toId\": 16, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 4, \"toId\": 8, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 1, \"archer\": 5, \"knight\": 3}},\n    {\"fromId\": 8, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 4, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 2, \"toId\": 9, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 5, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 0, \"toId\": 1, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 4}},\n    {\"fromId\": 6, \"toId\": 10, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 14, \"toId\": 10, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 3, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Attack Madrid from Salamanca and Valencia from Teruel this turn. Reinforce Toledo from Badajoz and Teruel from Toledo to prepare for the next attacks on Cordoba and Zaragoza. Move Evora's troops to Sevilha to gather strength for Cordoba. Build troops across all villages to maximize production.\",\n  \"statement\": \"I have launched a two-pronged attack, sending the Salamanca army to Madrid and the Teruel garrison to Valencia. Meanwhile, I am reinforcing my southern borders, moving troops from Badajoz to Toledo and from Evora to Sevilha, while building new troops across the kingdom to prepare for the next phase of the campaign.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A in a turn-based strategy game.
I need to output a JSON object with "build", "movements", "plan", and "statement".

Let's understand the current state:
My Villages (13):
- Lisboa (0): 4 knight. Def 12.
- Santarem (1): 1 knight. Def 3.
- Evora (2): 2 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight. Def 20.
- Coimbra (3): 1 knight. Def 3.
- Badajoz (4): 1 spearman, 5 archer, 3 knight. Def 23.
- Faro (5): 1 knight. Def 3.
- Porto (6): 3 archer, 1 knight. Def 10.
- Salamanca (7): 9 spearman, 7 archer, 3 knight. Def 48. Border with Madrid (12).
- Toledo (8): 4 archer. Def 10. Border with Madrid (12), Cordoba (11), Teruel (13).
- Vigo (10): 1 knight. Def 3.
- Sevilha (9): 2 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. Def 15.
- Teruel (13): 2 archer, 1 knight. Def 8. Border with Valencia (16), Zaragoza (17), Castellon (18).
- Burgos (14): 3 spearman, 1 knight. Def 10. Border with Madrid (12), Pamplona (19).

Total troops at home: 65 (17 spearman, 29 archer, 19 knight).
We need 18 villages to win (we have 13). Total villages on map: 24.
Enemy has Madrid (12), Zaragoza (17), Valencia (16), Castellon (18), Pamplona (19), and probably Barcelona (22), Girona (23), Huesca (20), Tarragona (21), Murcia (15) is neutral.
Wait, let's look at the map:
Neutral: Cordoba (11), Murcia (15).
Enemy (King B): Madrid (12), Zaragoza (17), Valencia (16), Castellon (18), Pamplona (19), and unexplored: Huesca (20), Tarragona (21), Barcelona (22), Girona (23). That's 9 enemy villages. Total 13 (mine) + 2 (neutral) + 9 (enemy) = 24.
To get 18, I need to capture 5 more villages. If I eliminate all enemy villages, I win. But holding 18 for 2 turns is also a win.
Currently, my borders are:
- Salamanca (7) borders Madrid (12).
- Toledo (8) borders Madrid (12), Cordoba (11 - neutral), Teruel (13 - mine).
- Teruel (13) borders Valencia (16), Zaragoza (17), Castellon (18).
- Burgos (14) borders Madrid (12), Pamplona (19).

Let's look at the enemy villages we can see:
- Madrid (12): 2 archers, 3 knights. Def 13.
- Zaragoza (17): 2 spearmen, 2 archers, 3 knights. Def 18.
- Valencia (16): 2 knights. Def 5.
- Castellon (18): 5 knights. Def 13.
- Pamplona (19): 5 knights. Def 13.

Let's look at the resources and troop production:
Each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn.
Let's see what we can build.
Salamanca (7): wood 90, iron 60. Troops: 9 spearman, 7 archer, 3 knight.
Can build:
- spearman: costs 15 wood. 90 wood allows 6 spearman.
- archer: costs 20 wood, 10 iron. 90 wood, 60 iron allows 4 archers (uses 80 wood, 40 iron).
- knight: costs 30 wood, 30 iron. 90 wood, 60 iron allows 2 knights (uses 60 wood, 60 iron).
Let's look at all villages' resources:
Lisboa (0): wood 90, iron 70. Can build 6 spear, 3 arch (60w, 30i), 2 knight (60w, 60i).
Santarem (1): wood 90, iron 90.
Evora (2): wood 90, iron 90.
Coimbra (3): wood 90, iron 70.
Badajoz (4): wood 90, iron 60.
Faro (5): wood 95, iron 70.
Porto (6): wood 90, iron 60.
Salamanca (7): wood 90, iron 60.
Toledo (8): wood 90, iron 60.
Vigo (10): wood 90, iron 70.
Sevilha (9): wood 60, iron 40.
Teruel (13): wood 150, iron 100. Can build a lot! 10 spear (150w), 5 arch (100w, 50i), 3 knight (90w, 90i).
Burgos (14): wood 90, iron 60.

Where should we attack?
We want to expand towards the enemy capital Barcelona (22), or just capture more villages to reach 18.
Currently we have 13. We need 5 more.
The neutral village Cordoba (11) is close to Toledo (8). If we capture Cordoba, we get 14.
Then from Cordoba we can go to Murcia (15) or Sevilha/Toledo.
But Cordoba has 5 knights, def 13.
Valencia (16) has 2 knights, def 5. It is very close to Teruel (13). Teruel has 2 archer, 1 knight.
If we attack Valencia from Teruel:
Teruel to Valencia is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.
Troops in Teruel: 2 archer, 1 knight. Attack power: archer attack 2, knight attack 4. Total attack = 2*2 + 4 = 8.
Valencia defense: 5. Troops: 2 knights. Effective defense is 5 (location bonus included).
Wait, combat rules:
"The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER."
"The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
If we attack Valencia with 2 archer, 1 knight:
Our attack is 8 (archers count attack 2, knight counts attack 4). Wait, the most numerous type sets the counter matchup.
Here we have 2 archers, 1 knight. Most numerous is archer.
Archer vs knight? No, the defender has 2 knights. Most numerous defender type is knight.
Archer counters knight? No, "knight counters archer". So defender has counter bonus? "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
Wait, "Counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer."
If attacker is archers, defender is knights: knight counters archer. So defender gets 1.5x multiplier?
Or is it the attacker who gets the multiplier if they counter the defender's most numerous type?
"Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." Usually, the one who has the counter gets the bonus.
If attacker has archers, defender has knights: knights counter archers. So defender gets 1.5x.
Let's calculate effective force:
Attacker: 2 archers (attack 2 each) + 1 knight (attack 4). Total raw attack = 8. But most numerous is archer (2). Defender most numerous is knight (2).
Defender's knight counters attacker's archer. So defender gets 1.5x multiplier.
Let's say defender's effective defense is 5. With multiplier, maybe 5 * 1.5 = 7.5?
Attacker's force is 8. 8 > 7.5, so attacker wins, but takes losses.
If we send more troops from nearby villages to Teruel first, or directly from Teruel.
Can we send troops from Toledo (8) to Teruel (13)?
Toledo to Teruel: road [8] - [13]. Let's check road network:
[8] Toledo: [4], [11], [12], [13]. Yes, direct road to [13].
How many turns? We don't have the exact march times from Toledo to Teruel, but they are connected.
Wait, let's look at the march distances:
"from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" - this is for Lisboa (0).
Let's estimate Toledo to Teruel: they are close.
But we can also send troops from Badajoz (4) to Toledo (8) or Teruel (13).
Let's look at Salamanca (7). It has 9 spearman, 7 archer, 3 knight. It can attack Madrid (12).
Madrid has def 13, troops: 2 archers, 3 knights.
If Salamanca attacks Madrid:
Troops: 9 spear, 7 archer, 3 knight. Total attack: 9*1 + 7*2 + 3*4 = 9 + 14 + 12 = 35.
Most numerous: spearman (9). Defender most numerous: knight (3) or archer (2). Knight is 3, archer is 2. So knight is most numerous.
Spearman counters knight! So attacker gets 1.5x multiplier.
Effective attack = 35 * 1.5 = 52.5.
Madrid defense is 13. We would easily win.
But Madrid is a border village, we already attacked it 1x in the last 8 turns (1 conquered). Wait, "you attacked here 1x in the last 8 turns (1 conquered)". So we conquered it once, but it was lost again? Or we conquered it and it's currently enemy? "Madrid | ENEMY (King B) | garrison: 2 archers, 3 knights". So it's currently enemy.
If we attack Madrid from Salamanca, we need to march from Salamanca to Madrid.
Salamanca to Madrid: [7] to [12]. Road exists.
March distance: "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" for Lisboa.
For Salamanca to Madrid, it should be 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn, similar to other border crossings.
Let's check the march times listed:
[11] Cordoba: march from [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
[12] Madrid: march from [14] Burgos: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
[17] Zaragoza: march from [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
So Salamanca to Madrid is probably 1 turn.

Let's plan the moves for this turn.
We need to build troops and send them.
Since we want to capture more villages, let's target Valencia (16) and Cordoba (11) first, or Madrid (12).
If we attack Madrid (12) from Salamanca (7) and Toledo (8):
Salamanca has 9 spear, 7 archer, 3 knight. We can send all of them: 9 spear, 7 archer, 3 knight.
Toledo (8) has 4 archer. We can send them to Madrid or Teruel.
Wait, if we send Salamanca's troops to Madrid, and Toledo's troops to Madrid, they fight separately.
But we can also send Toledo's troops to Salamanca to reinforce, then attack Madrid. But that takes 1 turn to march to Salamanca, then another turn to Madrid.
Direct attack from Salamanca and Toledo to Madrid:
Salamanca -> Madrid: 35 attack power. Madrid def 13. Easy win.
Toledo -> Madrid: 4 archers. Attack power 8. Madrid def 13. If we send 4 archers, they will fight Madrid's 13 def. 8 vs 13, we lose.
So sending from Toledo to Madrid directly is bad unless we send more.
Can we send troops from Badajoz (4) to Toledo (8) or Madrid (12)?
Badajoz (4) has 1 spear, 5 archer, 3 knight. Attack power: 1 + 10 + 12 = 23.
Badajoz to Madrid: road [4] - [8] - [12]. Or [4] - [7] - [12].
If we send Badajoz troops to Madrid, they have to go through Toledo or Salamanca. But "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination."
Since Toledo (8) and Salamanca (7) are ours, they can pass through. But they will arrive in 2 turns maybe.
Let's look at the road network:
Badajoz (4) is connected to [1], [5], [7], [8], [9].
So Badajoz to Madrid can go via [8] Toledo. Toledo is ours, so they pass through and reach Madrid.
How many turns? "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Badajoz.
So Badajoz to Toledo is 1 turn, Toledo to Madrid is 1 turn. Total 2 turns.
If we send them now, they arrive at Madrid in 2 turns.
But we can also send them to Toledo to reinforce, then next turn attack Madrid.
Let's look at our immediate goals.
We have 13 villages. We need 5 more.
Let's capture Cordoba (11) and Valencia (16) this turn or next.
Cordoba (11) is neutral, 5 knights, def 13.
To capture Cordoba, we can attack from Toledo (8) and Sevilha (9).
Toledo (8) has 4 archer. Attack 8. Def 13. Not enough.
Sevilha (9) has 2 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight. Attack: 2 + 6 + 4 = 12. Def 13. Not enough.
If we combine them? They fight separately.
We need to gather more troops in Toledo or Sevilha first.
We can send troops from Badajoz (4) to Toledo (8): Badajoz has 1 spear, 5 archer, 3 knight. Toledo has 4 archer.
If we send Badajoz's troops to Toledo, they arrive in 1 turn. Then next turn we have 1 spear, 9 archer, 3 knight in Toledo. Attack: 1 + 18 + 12 = 31. Enough to take Cordoba.
We can also send troops from Evora (2) or Lisboa (0) to Sevilha (9) or Toledo (8).
Let's look at the troop builds we can do this turn.
We have resources in many villages.
Let's build troops to reinforce our borders.
Salamanca (7): wood 90, iron 60. Can build 6 spearman (90w) or 4 archer (80w, 40i) or 2 knight (60w, 60i).
Let's build 6 spearman in Salamanca. Cost: 90 wood. Iron remains 60.
Teruel (13): wood 150, iron 100. Can build 10 spearman (150w), or 5 archer (100w, 50i), or 3 knight (90w, 90i).
Let's build 5 archer and 3 knight in Teruel?
Cost: 5 archer = 100w, 50i. 3 knight = 90w, 90i. Total 190w, 140i. We only have 150w, 100i.
So we can build 5 archer (100w, 50i) and 2 knight (60w, 60i). Total 160w, 110i (we have 150w, 100i, so maybe 4 archer (80w, 40i) and 2 knight (60w, 60i) -> 140w, 100i).
Let's build 4 archer and 2 knight in Teruel.
Burgos (14): wood 90, iron 60. Can build 6 spearman (90w) or 4 archer (80w, 40i) or 2 knight (60w, 60i).
Let's build 6 spearman in Burgos.
Toledo (8): wood 90, iron 60. Can build 4 archer (80w, 40i) or 2 knight (60w, 60i) or 6 spearman (90w).
Let's build 4 archer in Toledo.
Badajoz (4): wood 90, iron 60. Build 4 archer (80w, 40i).
Evora (2): wood 90, iron 90. Build 4 archer (80w, 40i) and 1 knight (30w, 30i) -> 110w, 70i (we have 90w, 90i, so 3 archer (60w, 30i) and 1 knight (30w, 30i) -> 90w, 60i).
Let's build 3 archer and 1 knight in Evora.
Lisboa (0): wood 90, iron 70. Build 4 archer (80w, 40i) or 2 knight (60w, 60i).
Let's build 4 archer in Lisboa.

Let's plan the movements:
We want to attack Valencia (16) from Teruel (13).
Teruel has 2 archer, 1 knight. We can build 4 archer, 2 knight there. Total troops in Teruel next turn: 2 archer, 1 knight + 4 archer, 2 knight = 6 archer, 3 knight.
Attack power: 6*2 + 3*4 = 12 + 12 = 24.
Valencia def is 5 (2 knights). With 24 attack, we easily win.
Let's send all troops from Teruel to Valencia: 6 archer, 3 knight.
Wait, if we send them, they march 1 turn. Valencia is 1 turn away.
Can we send them this turn? Yes, they are already in Teruel (the ones we build this turn are ready in 1 turn, so they are available to send at the end of the turn / start of next turn? "ready in 1 turn" means they are ready to march this turn? "Each troop type ... ready in 1 turn." Usually, you build and they are available to march in the same turn or next turn. In these games, you build and they are available to march immediately or next turn. Let's assume we can send them this turn).
Wait, "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight" for Teruel. This means the ones already there. The ones we build will be ready next turn. But we can order the build and the march in the same turn? No, usually you build, they take 1 turn to build, so they are ready to march on the NEXT turn.
Let's check the rules: "ready in 1 turn." This means if we order build now, they are ready next turn. So we cannot march them this turn.
But we can march the existing troops: 2 archer, 1 knight from Teruel to Valencia.
Attack power: 2*2 + 4 = 8. Valencia def 5. We win, but take losses.
If we also send troops from Toledo (8) to Teruel (13) to reinforce:
Toledo has 4 archer. We can send them to Teruel. They arrive next turn.
We can also send troops from Badajoz (4) to Teruel (13) via Toledo (8).
Let's send Badajoz's 1 spear, 5 archer, 3 knight to Teruel. They march to Toledo (1 turn), then to Teruel (another turn).
Or send them to Toledo to join the garrison.
Let's send Badajoz's troops to Toledo (8).
And send Toledo's 4 archer to Teruel (13).
And send Teruel's 2 archer, 1 knight to Valencia (16).
And from Salamanca (7), send 9 spear, 7 archer, 3 knight to Madrid (12).
And from Burgos (14), send 3 spear, 1 knight to Madrid (12) or Pamplona (19).
Burgos to Madrid: [14] to [12]. Road exists. 1 turn.
Burgos has 3 spear, 1 knight. Attack: 3 + 4 = 7. Madrid def 13. Not enough.
Burgos to Pamplona (19): [14] to [19]. Road exists. 1 turn.
Pamplona has 5 knights, def 13. Attack 7 vs 13, not enough.
So we should reinforce Burgos or send to Salamanca/Toledo.
Let's send Burgos's troops to Salamanca (7) or Toledo (8) to reinforce the Madrid front.
Burgos to Salamanca: [14] to [12] to [7]. Or [14] to [10] to [6] to [7]. It's far.
Burgos to Toledo: [14] to [12] to [8]. 2 turns.
Let's just keep them in Burgos for now, or build more there.
We can build 6 spearman in Burgos. Next turn we have 9 spear, 1 knight. Attack 13. Still not enough for Pamplona (def 13, but knights counter spearmen, so defender gets 1.5x? Spearman counters knight, so attacker gets 1.5x. 13 * 1.5 = 19.5 attack needed).
Let's focus on Madrid and Valencia.

Let's calculate the exact attack on Valencia (16) from Teruel (13):
Teruel troops: 2 archer, 1 knight.
Valencia troops: 2 knights. Def 5.
Attacker most numerous: archer (2). Defender most numerous: knight (2).
Knight counters archer. So defender gets 1.5x multiplier.
Defender effective defense is 5. With multiplier, 5 * 1.5 = 7.5.
Attacker attack: 2 archers (attack 2 each) + 1 knight (attack 4) = 8.
8 > 7.5, so attacker wins.
Losses: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
Loser's effective force is 7.5. Attacker's force is 8. Attrition is proportional?
Usually, losses are random or based on the ratio. We will lose some troops, but we capture Valencia.
Valencia has 2 knights. If we capture it, we get the village and its troops.
This is a good move.

Let's look at Cordoba (11). It is neutral, 5 knights, def 13.
We can attack from Toledo (8) and Sevilha (9).
Toledo has 4 archer. Sevilha has 2 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight.
If we send Toledo's 4 archer to Cordoba: attack 8. Def 13. Lose.
If we send Sevilha's troops to Cordoba: attack 12. Def 13. Lose.
If we send both? They fight separately, so they will both lose.
We need to gather more troops in Toledo or Sevilha first.
Let's send Badajoz's troops to Toledo (8): 1 spear, 5 archer, 3 knight.
And send Evora's troops to Sevilha (9): Evora has 2 spear, 5 archer, 1 knight. Sevilha has 2 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight.
If we send Evora's troops to Sevilha, they arrive next turn. Then Sevilha has 4 spear, 8 archer, 2 knight. Attack: 4 + 16 + 8 = 28. Enough to take Cordoba.
Let's do that.
Evora to Sevilha: road [2] to [5] to [9]. Or [2] to [0] to [1] to [4] to [9].
Let's check road network:
[2] Evora: [0], [5].
[5] Faro: [2], [4], [9].
So Evora -> Faro -> Sevilha. 2 turns.
Or Evora -> Lisboa -> Santarem -> Badajoz -> Sevilha. Longer.
So Evora to Sevilha takes 2 turns.
Can we send Evora's troops to Toledo instead?
Evora to Toledo: [2] to [0] to [1] to [4] to [8]. Or [2] to [5] to [4] to [8].
[2] to [5] to [4] to [8]. 3 turns.
So Sevilha is closer to Evora.
Let's send Evora's troops to Sevilha.
And send Sevilha's troops to Cordoba? No, if we send Sevilha's troops, they leave Sevilha. We want to gather in Sevilha.
So we keep Sevilha's troops, and send Evora's troops to Sevilha.
Next turn, Sevilha has a big army, we can attack Cordoba.

Let's look at Madrid (12).
Salamanca (7) has 9 spear, 7 archer, 3 knight. Attack 35.
Madrid def 13. We can send all Salamanca troops to Madrid.
Toledo (8) has 4 archer. We can send them to Madrid too, but they will fight separately.
If we send Toledo's 4 archer to Madrid, they fight Madrid's 13 def with 8 attack. They lose.
So we should not send Toledo's troops to Madrid directly.
Instead, send Toledo's troops to Salamanca to reinforce? Toledo to Salamanca: [8] to [4] to [7]. 2 turns.
Or send Toledo's troops to Teruel (13) to attack Valencia.
Let's send Toledo's 4 archer to Teruel (13).
And send Teruel's 2 archer, 1 knight to Valencia (16).
And send Badajoz's 1 spear, 5 archer, 3 knight to Toledo (8) to reinforce for the Cordoba attack.
And send Salamanca's 9 spear, 7 archer, 3 knight to Madrid (12).
And send Burgos's 3 spear, 1 knight to Salamanca (7) or Toledo (8)?
Burgos to Salamanca: [14] to [12] to [7]. 2 turns.
Burgos to Toledo: [14] to [12] to [8]. 2 turns.
Let's send Burgos's troops to Toledo (8) to reinforce the southern front.
And from Lisboa (0), send 4 knight to Santarem (1) or Salamanca (7)?
Lisboa has 4 knight. We can send them to Salamanca (7) via [0] to [1] to [3] to [7]. 3 turns.
Or to Toledo (8) via [0] to [2] to [5] to [4] to [8]. 4 turns.
Let's just keep them in Lisboa or send to Santarem.
Actually, we need to build up our army.
Let's write down the builds and movements.

Builds:
- Salamanca (7): build 6 spearman (cost 90w).
- Teruel (13): build 4 archer (80w, 40i), 2 knight (60w, 60i). Total 140w, 100i. We have 150w, 100i. Perfect.
- Toledo (8): build 4 archer (80w, 40i).
- Badajoz (4): build 4 archer (80w, 40i).
- Burgos (14): build 6 spearman (90w).
- Evora (2): build 3 archer (60w, 30i), 1 knight (30w, 30i). Total 90w, 60i. We have 90w, 90i. Perfect.
- Lisboa (0): build 4 archer (80w, 40i).
- Sevilha (9): build 2 spearman (30w), 2 archer (40w, 20i). Total 70w, 20i. We have 60w, 40i. So we can build 2 spearman (30w) and 1 archer (20w, 10i) -> 50w, 10i. Or just 2 archer (40w, 20i). Let's build 2 archer.
- Porto (6): build 2 archer (40w, 20i).
- Coimbra (3): build 2 archer (40w, 20i).
- Santarem (1): build 1 knight (30w, 30i).
- Faro (5): build 1 knight (30w, 30i).
- Vigo (10): build 1 knight (30w, 30i).

Let's check the total wood and iron for these builds:
Salamanca: 6 spear (90w)
Teruel: 4 archer (80w, 40i), 2 knight (60w, 60i)
Toledo: 4 archer (80w, 40i)
Badajoz: 4 archer (80w, 40i)
Burgos: 6 spear (90w)
Evora: 3 archer (60w, 30i), 1 knight (30w, 30i)
Lisboa: 4 archer (80w, 40i)
Sevilha: 2 archer (40w, 20i)
Porto: 2 archer (40w, 20i)
Coimbra: 2 archer (40w, 20i)
Santarem: 1 knight (30w, 30i)
Faro: 1 knight (30w, 30i)
Vigo: 1 knight (30w, 30i)

Let's verify resources for each village:
Salamanca: wood 90, iron 60. Build 6 spear -> 90w, 0i. Remaining: 0w, 60i. OK.
Teruel: wood 150, iron 100. Build 4 archer, 2 knight -> 140w, 100i. Remaining: 10w, 0i. OK.
Toledo: wood 90, iron 60. Build 4 archer -> 80w, 40i. Remaining: 10w, 20i. OK.
Badajoz: wood 90, iron 60. Build 4 archer -> 80w, 40i. Remaining: 10w, 20i. OK.
Burgos: wood 90, iron 60. Build 6 spear -> 90w, 0i. Remaining: 0w, 60i. OK.
Evora: wood 90, iron 90. Build 3 archer, 1 knight -> 90w, 60i. Remaining: 0w, 30i. OK.
Lisboa: wood 90, iron 70. Build 4 archer -> 80w, 40i. Remaining: 10w, 30i. OK.
Sevilha: wood 60, iron 40. Build 2 archer -> 40w, 20i. Remaining: 20w, 20i. OK.
Porto: wood 90, iron 60. Build 2 archer -> 40w, 20i. Remaining: 50w, 40i. OK.
Coimbra: wood 90, iron 70. Build 2 archer -> 40w, 20i. Remaining: 50w, 50i. OK.
Santarem: wood 90, iron 90. Build 1 knight -> 30w, 30i. Remaining: 60w, 60i. OK.
Faro: wood 95, iron 70. Build 1 knight -> 30w, 30i. Remaining: 65w, 40i. OK.
Vigo: wood 90, iron 70. Build 1 knight -> 30w, 30i. Remaining: 60w, 40i. OK.

This is a solid build order.

Now movements:
We want to attack Valencia (16) from Teruel (13).
Teruel has 2 archer, 1 knight. Send them to Valencia (16).
We want to attack Madrid (12) from Salamanca (7).
Salamanca has 9 spear, 7 archer, 3 knight. Send them to Madrid (12).
We want to reinforce Toledo (8) from Badajoz (4).
Badajoz has 1 spear, 5 archer, 3 knight. Send them to Toledo (8).
We want to reinforce Teruel (13) from Toledo (8).
Toledo has 4 archer. Send them to Teruel (13).
We want to reinforce Sevilha (9) from Evora (2).
Evora has 2 spear, 5 archer, 1 knight. Send them to Sevilha (9).
We want to reinforce Salamanca (7) from Burgos (14).
Burgos has 3 spear, 1 knight. Send them to Salamanca (7).
Wait, Burgos to Salamanca: [14] to [12] to [7]. Madrid is enemy, so they will stop at Madrid!
"An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination."
So if we send Burgos troops to Salamanca, they will go [14] -> [12] (Madrid). They will stop at Madrid and fight!
We don't want that yet, because Madrid has 13 def, and Burgos has only 3 spear, 1 knight (attack 7). They will lose.
So we should NOT send Burgos troops to Salamanca via Madrid.
Can we send them to Toledo (8) via Madrid? [14] -> [12] -> [8]. They will also stop at Madrid.
Can we send them to Vigo (10) first? [14] to [10]. Vigo is ours. Then [10] to [6] to [7]. That's a long way.
Let's just keep Burgos troops in Burgos for now, or send them to Vigo (10) to reinforce the northern front.
Let's send Burgos's 3 spear, 1 knight to Vigo (10). Vigo is interior, safe.
Or send them to Toledo (8) but we can't because of Madrid.
What about Porto (6)? It has 3 archer, 1 knight. We can send them to Vigo (10) or Coimbra (3).
Let's send Porto's 3 archer, 1 knight to Coimbra (3).
And send Coimbra's 1 knight to Porto (6) or just keep them.
Let's keep it simple.

Let's review the movements:
1. Salamanca (7) -> Madrid (12): 9 spear, 7 archer, 3 knight.
2. Teruel (13) -> Valencia (16): 2 archer, 1 knight.
3. Badajoz (4) -> Toledo (8): 1 spear, 5 archer, 3 knight.
4. Toledo (8) -> Teruel (13): 4 archer.
5. Evora (2) -> Sevilha (9): 2 spear, 5 archer, 1 knight.
6. Lisboa (0) -> Santarem (1): 4 knight. (Or keep them, but let's move them towards the front).
Lisboa to Santarem is 1 turn. Santarem to Badajoz is 1 turn. Badajoz to Toledo is 1 turn. So they will take 3 turns to reach Toledo. Let's send them to Santarem.
7. Porto (6) -> Vigo (10): 3 archer, 1 knight. (Or to Coimbra). Let's send to Vigo.

Let's check if we can send Burgos (14) troops somewhere safe.
Burgos to Vigo (10): [14] to [10]. Road exists. Vigo is ours. 1 turn.
Let's send Burgos's 3 spear, 1 knight to Vigo (10).
Vigo has 1 knight. So Vigo will have 3 spear, 2 knight.

Let's check the plan:
We are attacking Madrid from Salamanca, and Valencia from Teruel.
We are reinforcing Toledo and Teruel for the next attacks on Cordoba and Zaragoza.
We are reinforcing Sevilha for Cordoba.
We are building up our economy and army.

Let's write the plan text:
"Plan: Attack Madrid from Salamanca and Valencia from Teruel this turn. Reinforce Toledo from Badajoz and Teruel from Toledo to prepare for the next attacks on Cordoba and Zaragoza. Move Evora's troops to Sevilha to gather strength for Cordoba. Build troops across all villages to maximize production."

Let's write the statement text:
"Statement: I have launched a two-pronged attack, sending the Salamanca army to Madrid and the Teruel garrison to Valencia. Meanwhile, I am reinforcing my southern borders, moving troops from Badajoz to Toledo and from Evora to Sevilha, while building new troops across the kingdom to prepare for the next phase of the campaign."

Let's double check the JSON format.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 7, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 6},
    {"villageId": 13, "type": "archer", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 13, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 8, "type": "archer", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 4, "type": "archer", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 14, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 6},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "archer", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 9, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 6, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 3, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 5, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 10, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 7, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 9, "archer": 7, "knight": 3}},
    {"fromId": 13, "toId": 16, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 4, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 5, "knight": 3}},
    {"fromId": 8, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 4, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 2, "toId": 9, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 5, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 0, "toId": 1, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 4}},
    {"fromId": 6, "toId": 10, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 3, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 14, "toId": 10, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}}
  ],
  "plan": "Attack Madrid from Salamanca and Valencia from Teruel this turn. Reinforce Toledo from Badajoz and Teruel from Toledo to prepare for the next attacks on Cordoba and Zaragoza. Move Evora's troops to Sevilha to gather strength for Cordoba. Build troops across all villages to maximize production.",
  "statement": "I have launched a two-pronged attack, sending the Salamanca army to Madrid and the Teruel garrison to Valencia. Meanwhile, I am reinforcing my southern borders, moving troops from Badajoz to Toledo and from Evora to Sevilha, while building new troops across the kingdom to prepare for the next phase of the campaign."
}

Let's check if there are any errors in village IDs or troop counts.
Salamanca (7): 9 spear, 7 archer, 3 knight. Correct.
Teruel (13): 2 archer, 1 knight. Correct.
Badajoz (4): 1 spear, 5 archer, 3 knight. Correct.
Toledo (8): 4 archer. Correct.
Evora (2): 2 spear, 5 archer, 1 knight. Correct.
Lisboa (0): 4 knight. Correct.
Porto (6): 3 archer, 1 knight. Correct.
Burgos (14): 3 spear, 1 knight. Correct.

Let's check the build quantities and resources again.
Salamanca (7): wood 90, iron 60. Build 6 spearman -> 90 wood. OK.
Teruel (13): wood 150, iron 100. Build 4 archer (80w, 40i), 2 knight (60w, 60i). Total 140w, 100i. OK.
Toledo (8): wood 90, iron 60. Build 4 archer -> 80w, 40i. OK.
Badajoz (4): wood 90, iron 60. Build 4 archer -> 80w, 40i. OK.
Burgos (14): wood 90, iron 60. Build 6 spearman -> 90w. OK.
Evora (2): wood 90, iron 90. Build 3 archer (60w, 30i), 1 knight (30w, 30i). Total 90w, 60i. OK.
Lisboa (0): wood 90, iron 70. Build 4 archer -> 80w, 40i. OK.
Sevilha (9): wood 60, iron 40. Build 2 archer -> 40w, 20i. OK.
Porto (6): wood 90, iron 60. Build 2 archer -> 40w, 20i. OK.
Coimbra (3): wood 90, iron 70. Build 2 archer -> 40w, 20i. OK.
Santarem (1): wood 90, iron 90. Build 1 knight -> 30w, 30i. OK.
Faro (5): wood 95, iron 70. Build 1 knight -> 30w, 30i. OK.
Vigo (10): wood 90, iron 70. Build 1 knight -> 30w, 30i. OK.

Everything looks perfectly valid. The JSON is well-formed. I will output only the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"cavaleiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":7,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":9,"arqueiro":7,"cavaleiro":3}},{"origemId":13,"destinoId":16,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":4,"destinoId":8,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":5,"cavaleiro":3}},{"origemId":8,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":4,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":2,"destinoId":9,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":5,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":0,"destinoId":1,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":4}},{"origemId":6,"destinoId":10,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":14,"destinoId":10,"tropas":{"lanceiro":3,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [13]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [13]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [13]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [13]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [13]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [13]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [8]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [8]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [8]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [8]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [4]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [4]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [4]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [14]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [14]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [14]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [14]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [14]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [14]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [2]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [9]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [9]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [6]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [6]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [3]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [3]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [1]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [5]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [10]
ACEITO envio [7]->[12]: 9S+7A+3K
ACEITO envio [13]->[16]: 2A+1K
ACEITO envio [4]->[8]: 1S+5A+3K
ACEITO envio [8]->[13]: 4A
ACEITO envio [2]->[9]: 2S+5A+1K
ACEITO envio [0]->[1]: 4K
ACEITO envio [6]->[10]: 3A+1K
ACEITO envio [14]->[10]: 3S+1K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Attack Madrid from Salamanca and Valencia from Teruel this turn. Reinforce Toledo from Badajoz and Teruel from Toledo to prepare for the next attacks on Cordoba and Zaragoza. Move Evora's troops to Sevilha to gather strength for Cordoba. Build troops across all villages to maximize production.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): I have launched a two-pronged attack, sending the Salamanca army to Madrid and the Teruel garrison to Valencia. Meanwhile, I am reinforcing my southern borders, moving troops from Badajoz to Toledo and from Evora to Sevilha, while building new troops across the kingdom to prepare for the next phase of the campaign.
########## TURNO 14 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3534 | resposta 18009 | raciocinio 14495 | finish stop | ms 189171
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 12, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 18, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 7}},\n    {\"fromId\": 17, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 2}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Attacking Teruel with 7 knights from Castellon to expand territory and reduce enemy presence. Built 2 knights in Valencia to raise its defense from 5 to 10, protecting it from enemy counterattack. Sent 2 knights from Zaragoza to reinforce Madrid against potential assaults from Salamanca or Toledo. Building knights across the realm to grow the army for future campaigns. Next turn: assess the battle at Teruel, repair any losses, and continue pushing into enemy territory while watching for enemy movements on Valencia or Madrid.\",\n  \"statement\": \"King B's war council is clear. The seven knights of Castellon ride hard for Teruel, aiming to break the enemy's western border. Valencia forges two new knights to stand guard against sudden raids. Zaragoza sends two steel-clad brothers south to strengthen Madrid's walls. In every province, the forges burn bright, hammering out the knights that will carry King B's banner to victory.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B in a strategy game. I need to analyze the current state and provide orders in a specific JSON format.

Current state:
- I hold 9 of 24 villages (need 18 for 75% to win, or eliminate all enemy villages).
- Enemy is King A.
- My villages:
  - [22] Barcelona: 5 knights, defense 15
  - [21] Tarragona: 7 spearman, 1 archer, 6 knights, defense 35
  - [23] Girona: 5 knights, defense 13
  - [18] Castellon: 5 knights, defense 13
  - [17] Zaragoza: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knights, defense 18
  - [20] Huesca: 5 knights, defense 13
  - [16] Valencia: 2 knights, defense 5
  - [12] Madrid: 2 archer, 3 knights, defense 13
  - [19] Pamplona: 5 knights, defense 13
- Total troops at home: 53 (9 spearman, 5 archer, 39 knight)
- Enemy villages visible:
  - [13] Teruel: 2 archers, 1 knight, defense 8
  - [14] Burgos: 3 spearmen, 1 knight, defense 10
  - [7] Salamanca: 9 spearmen, 7 archers, 3 knights, defense 48
  - [8] Toledo: 4 archers, defense 10
- Neutral: [15] Murcia: 5 archers, defense 13
- Unexplored: [11] Cordoba, [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto, [10] Vigo, [3] Coimbra, [9] Sevilha, [5] Faro, [1] Santarem, [0] Lisboa (enemy capital), [2] Evora

Goal: Hold 18 villages or eliminate all enemy villages.

Current strategy thoughts:
- I need to expand. I have 9 villages, need 18.
- The enemy capital is Lisboa [0], but taking it is not required.
- I have a lot of knights, but I need to be careful about counter triangles.
- Spearman counters knight, archer counters spearman, knight counters archer.
- The most numerous type sets the counter matchup.
- I need to build more troops to have enough to attack.
- Resources: Each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn.
- Cap per village: 300 troops.
- I need to consider travel times.

Let's look at the map:
- My core area: Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Castellon, Valencia, Zaragoza, Huesca, Pamplona, Madrid.
- Enemy territory: Teruel, Burgos, Salamanca, Toledo, and the unexplored ones.
- Neutral: Murcia.

Road network:
- Madrid [12] connects to [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza.
- Zaragoza [17] connects to [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona.
- Valencia [16] connects to [13] Teruel, [15] Murcia, [18] Castellon.
- Pamplona [19] connects to [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza, [20] Huesca.

Possible targets:
- Teruel [13]: 2 archers, 1 knight, defense 8. Weak. Can attack from Valencia, Zaragoza, Castellon.
- Toledo [8]: 4 archers, defense 10. Can attack from Madrid, Zaragoza.
- Burgos [14]: 3 spearmen, 1 knight, defense 10. Can attack from Madrid, Pamplona.
- Murcia [15]: 5 archers, defense 13. Neutral, can attack from Valencia.

I need to build more troops. Let's check resources:
- Barcelona: wood 120, iron 40. Can build knights (30 wood, 30 iron). Can build 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron -> 90 wood, 10 iron left). Or archers (20 wood, 10 iron). Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron -> 80 wood, 20 iron left). Or spearmen (15 wood, 0 iron). Can build 8 spearmen (120 wood, 0 iron -> 0 wood, 40 iron left). But I have 5 knights already there.
- Tarragona: wood 60, iron 60. Can build knights (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 2 knights. Or archers (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 3 archers. Or spearmen (15 wood) -> 4 spearmen.
- Girona: wood 120, iron 60. Can build knights -> 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron -> 60 wood, 0 iron). Or archers -> 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron -> 60 wood, 30 iron). Or spearmen -> 8 spearmen (120 wood).
- Castellon: wood 120, iron 70. Knights -> 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron -> 60 wood, 10 iron). Archers -> 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron -> 60 wood, 40 iron). Spearmen -> 8 spearmen (120 wood).
- Zaragoza: wood 90, iron 40. Knights -> 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron -> 60 wood, 10 iron). Archers -> 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron -> 50 wood, 20 iron). Spearmen -> 6 spearmen (90 wood).
- Huesca: wood 120, iron 40. Knights -> 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron -> 90 wood, 10 iron). Archers -> 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron -> 80 wood, 20 iron). Spearmen -> 8 spearmen (120 wood).
- Valencia: wood 150, iron 60. Knights -> 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron -> 90 wood, 0 iron). Archers -> 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron -> 90 wood, 30 iron). Spearmen -> 10 spearmen (150 wood).
- Madrid: wood 90, iron 70. Knights -> 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron -> 30 wood, 10 iron). Archers -> 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron -> 30 wood, 40 iron). Spearmen -> 6 spearmen (90 wood).
- Pamplona: wood 105, iron 50. Knights -> 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron -> 75 wood, 20 iron). Archers -> 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron -> 65 wood, 30 iron). Spearmen -> 7 spearmen (105 wood).

I need to build a mix. Since I have many knights, I might want to build archers to counter enemy spearmen, or spearmen to counter enemy knights. But I don't know the enemy's full army.

Let's look at the enemy villages I can see:
- Teruel: 2 archers, 1 knight. Most numerous: archers. Knight counters archers. So I should send knights.
- Burgos: 3 spearmen, 1 knight. Most numerous: spearmen. Archer counters spearmen. So I should send archers.
- Salamanca: 9 spearmen, 7 archers, 3 knights. Most numerous: spearmen. Archer counters spearmen. So I should send archers.
- Toledo: 4 archers. Most numerous: archers. Knight counters archers. So I should send knights.

So, for Teruel and Toledo, knights are good. For Burgos and Salamanca, archers are good.

I also need to consider defense bonuses. In a village, defense counts x1.25. In a castle, x1.5. In open field, no bonus.

Let's calculate effective attack power for different compositions.
Attack values: spearman 1, archer 2, knight 4.
Defense values: spearman 2, archer 2, knight 2.
Counter bonus: 1.5x if counter.

If I attack Teruel with knights:
- Teruel defense: 8 (effective, location bonus included). The garrison is 2 archers, 1 knight.
- If I send 5 knights from Valencia: attack power = 5 * 4 = 20. Counter? Knight vs archer (most numerous in Teruel is archer). Yes, knight counters archer. So 20 * 1.5 = 30 effective attack.
- Teruel effective defense is 8. 30 > 8, so I win. But I take losses.
- Losses: My effective attack is 30, their effective defense is 8. The difference is 22. Attrition is based on the loser's effective force. The loser is the defender. Their effective force is 8. My losses are proportional to their effective force? The rule says: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So my losses are based on their effective defense of 8. I lose some troops.

Actually, the combat rules say:
"The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER."
"The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."

So if I attack with 30 effective attack against 8 effective defense, I win. My losses are attrition against 8. How much? It doesn't specify the exact formula, but presumably some fraction. I should try to minimize losses.

Let's think about the overall strategy. I need 18 villages. I have 9. I need 9 more. The enemy has at least 4 visible (Teruel, Burgos, Salamanca, Toledo) plus unexplored ones (Cordoba, Badajoz, Porto, Vigo, Coimbra, Sevilha, Faro, Santarem, Lisboa, Evora). That's 10 unexplored + 4 visible = 14 enemy/neutral villages. Total map is 24. I have 9, enemy has at least 4, neutral has 1 (Murcia). So 9 + 4 + 1 + 10 = 24. The 10 unexplored include some enemy and some neutral. The enemy capital is Lisboa [0].

To win, I need to hold 18 villages. That means I need to conquer 9 more. I can conquer enemy villages or neutral villages.

Neutral villages harden every 5 turns: +1 troop of its own type. Murcia has 5 archers, was 10 defense 5 turns ago, now 13. It will gain more.

I should start by attacking the weakest enemy villages to expand.

Weakest visible:
- Teruel [13]: defense 8, 2 archers, 1 knight. Can attack from Valencia [16], Zaragoza [17], Castellon [18].
- Toledo [8]: defense 10, 4 archers. Can attack from Madrid [12], Zaragoza [17].
- Burgos [14]: defense 10, 3 spearmen, 1 knight. Can attack from Madrid [12], Pamplona [19].

I should attack Teruel first because it's the weakest and I can attack from multiple villages.

Let's plan attacks:
- From Valencia [16] to Teruel [13]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn. Valencia has 2 knights. I can send them. But I might want to build more.
- From Zaragoza [17] to Teruel [13]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn. Zaragoza has 3 knights, 2 archers, 2 spearmen.
- From Castellon [18] to Teruel [13]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn. Castellon has 5 knights.

If I send all knights from Castellon (5) and Valencia (2) and Zaragoza (3), that's 10 knights. But they fight alone, one at a time. The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."

So I need to send a strong single army. The best army to send against Teruel (archers + knight) is knights, because knights counter archers.

Let's see which village can send the most knights.
- Castellon: 5 knights.
- Valencia: 2 knights.
- Zaragoza: 3 knights.
- Barcelona: 5 knights.
- Tarragona: 6 knights.
- Girona: 5 knights.
- Huesca: 5 knights.
- Madrid: 3 knights.
- Pamplona: 5 knights.

But travel times:
- From Barcelona to Teruel: Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> Teruel? Or Barcelona -> Castellon -> Valencia -> Teruel? Let's check roads.
  - Barcelona [22] connects to [21] Tarragona and [23] Girona.
  - Tarragona [21] connects to [17] Zaragoza and [18] Castellon and [22] Barcelona.
  - Zaragoza [17] connects to [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona.
  - So from Barcelona to Teruel: Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> Teruel. That's 3 roads. Travel time: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns from Barcelona to Castellon? Wait, the report says:
    - from Barcelona [22] to nearest border village [18] Castellon: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
    - from Tarragona [21] to Castellon [18]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
    - from Zaragoza [17] to Teruel [13]: not listed, but Teruel is connected to Zaragoza, Valencia, Castellon, Toledo.
    - from Valencia [16] to Teruel [13]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
    - from Castellon [18] to Teruel [13]: not listed, but Castellon connects to Valencia, Teruel, Tarragona.
    - Actually, the road network says:
      - [13] Teruel: [8], [16], [17], [18]
      - So Teruel connects to Valencia [16], Zaragoza [17], Castellon [18], Toledo [8].
    - Travel time from Valencia to Teruel is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.
    - From Zaragoza to Teruel should be similar, maybe 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.
    - From Castellon to Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.
    - From Barcelona to Teruel: Barcelona -> Tarragona (1 turn) -> Zaragoza (1 turn) -> Teruel (1 turn) = 3 turns for slow troops. Or Barcelona -> Castellon -> Valencia -> Teruel = 3 turns.

So the closest villages to Teruel are Valencia, Zaragoza, Castellon (1 turn for fast troops).

I should attack from one of these. Which has the strongest knight force?
- Castellon: 5 knights.
- Valencia: 2 knights.
- Zaragoza: 3 knights.

Castellon has the most. But I can also build more knights there.

Let's consider building troops this turn.
I have resources. I should build troops to reinforce my villages, then send them.

I need to decide where to build.
- Castellon: wood 120, iron 70. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Then it has 7 knights.
- Valencia: wood 150, iron 60. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Then it has 4 knights.
- Zaragoza: wood 90, iron 40. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Then it has 4 knights.

If I build knights in Castellon, Valencia, and Zaragoza, I can send a large force.

But I also need to consider other fronts.
- Madrid [12] borders Salamanca [7] (defense 48, very strong), Toledo [8] (defense 10), and Burgos [14] (defense 10).
- Pamplona [19] borders Burgos [14] (defense 10).

I should attack Teruel from Castellon (after building) or from Valencia/Zaragoza.

Let's think about the enemy's possible moves. The enemy writes orders at the same time. They might reinforce Teruel or attack me.

I need to be careful. My border villages:
- Castellon [18] borders Teruel [13] (enemy).
- Zaragoza [17] borders Teruel [13] (enemy).
- Valencia [16] borders Teruel [13] (enemy) and Murcia [15] (neutral).
- Madrid [12] borders Salamanca [7], Toledo [8], Burgos [14] (all enemy).
- Pamplona [19] borders Burgos [14] (enemy).

So I have multiple fronts.

Plan for this turn:
1. Build troops to increase my army.
2. Send an attack on Teruel [13] from a strong village.
3. Maybe send reinforcements to Madrid or other border villages.

Let's calculate the attack on Teruel.
Teruel: 2 archers, 1 knight, effective defense 8.
If I send 7 knights from Castellon (after building 2 more):
- Attack power: 7 * 4 = 28.
- Counter: Knight vs archer (most numerous in Teruel is archer, 2 vs 1 knight). So counter bonus 1.5x.
- Effective attack: 28 * 1.5 = 42.
- Teruel effective defense: 8.
- 42 > 8, I win easily.
- Losses: I take attrition against their effective defense of 8. How many troops do I lose? The rule doesn't specify exactly, but probably a small number. I might lose 1 or 2 knights.

But wait, the rule says: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So my losses are based on their effective force of 8. If my effective force is 42, the ratio is 8/42. I might lose a proportional number. If it's like 10% of my force per point of enemy force, I lose 0.8 knights, so maybe 1 knight. That's acceptable.

But I need to consider that Teruel might be reinforced by the enemy this turn. The enemy could send troops from Toledo [8] or other villages. Toledo has 4 archers. If they send them to Teruel, the defense increases.

I should attack quickly before they reinforce.

Another option: attack Murcia [15] (neutral). It has 5 archers, defense 13. If I attack with knights from Valencia:
- Valencia has 2 knights. Attack power: 2 * 4 = 8. Counter: knight vs archer -> 1.5x. Effective attack: 12. Defense: 13. 12 < 13, I lose. So I need more troops.
- If I build 2 knights in Valencia, I have 4 knights. Attack: 4 * 4 = 16. Counter: 1.5x -> 24. Defense: 13. 24 > 13, I win. But I take losses.
- Murcia is neutral, so no enemy reinforcement, but it hardens every 5 turns. It was 10 defense 5 turns ago, now 13. Next 5 turns it will gain +1 archer, so 6 archers, defense might increase.

Attacking Teruel seems better because it's an enemy village, and conquering it reduces enemy territory and increases mine.

Let's decide on builds:
- Castellon: build 2 knights (cost 60 wood, 60 iron). Has 120 wood, 70 iron -> 60 wood, 10 iron left. Troops: 7 knights.
- Valencia: build 2 knights (cost 60 wood, 60 iron). Has 150 wood, 60 iron -> 90 wood, 0 iron left. Troops: 4 knights.
- Zaragoza: build 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Has 90 wood, 40 iron -> 60 wood, 10 iron left. Troops: 4 knights (3 existing + 1 new).
- Maybe build more in other villages? Tarragona has 60 wood, 60 iron. Can build 2 knights. But it's far from the front. Barcelona can build 1 knight. Girona can build 2 knights. Huesca can build 1 knight. Madrid can build 2 knights. Pamplona can build 1 knight.

But I need to send troops now. If I build in Castellon, Valencia, Zaragoza, I can send from Castellon (7 knights) to Teruel. That's a strong attack.

Alternatively, I could send from Zaragoza (4 knights) and from Valencia (4 knights) separately. But they fight alone. So one strong army is better.

Let's check travel time from Castellon to Teruel:
- Castellon [18] connects to [13] Teruel directly? The road network says [18] Castellon: [13], [16], [21]. Yes, direct road.
- Travel time: not explicitly listed, but from Valencia to Teruel is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn. Castellon is also connected, so probably same: 1 fast turn for knights.
- Knights are fast, so they arrive in 1 turn.

If I send 7 knights from Castellon to Teruel, they arrive next turn and fight.
Teruel's current defense is 8. But the enemy might send reinforcements this turn. If they send from Toledo (4 archers) or from Zaragoza (if they captured it? No, Zaragoza is mine). The enemy can only send from their own villages: Teruel itself, Toledo, or maybe others if they have troops there.

The enemy has:
- Teruel: 2 archers, 1 knight.
- Toledo: 4 archers.
- Burgos: 3 spearmen, 1 knight.
- Salamanca: 9 spearmen, 7 archers, 3 knights.

They could send from Toledo to Teruel. Toledo connects to Teruel via road? [8] Toledo: [4], [11], [12], [13]. Yes, Toledo connects to Teruel [13]. So they could send the 4 archers from Toledo to Teruel. That would increase Teruel's defense.

If they send 4 archers to Teruel, Teruel would have 2+4=6 archers, 1 knight. Defense would increase. The effective defense is calculated with location bonus. Currently it's 8. If they add 4 archers (defense 2 each), the raw defense increases by 8. With location bonus (x1.25 in village? Actually, the report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 8". So the bonus is already applied. The raw defense of Teruel is 8 / 1.25 = 6.4, probably 6. The garrison is 2 archers (defense 2 each) + 1 knight (defense 2) = 6 raw defense. With x1.25 bonus = 7.5, rounded to 8. If they add 4 archers, raw defense becomes 6 + 8 = 14. With bonus: 14 * 1.25 = 17.5, rounded to 18. So effective defense would be 18.

My 7 knights have attack power 28. With counter (knight vs archer, since 6 archers vs 1 knight, most numerous is archer), effective attack = 28 * 1.5 = 42. 42 > 18, I still win. But losses increase.

What if they send from Burgos? Burgos connects to Teruel? [14] Burgos: [10], [12], [19]. No direct road to Teruel. They would have to go through Madrid [12] or Pamplona [19] or Vigo [10] -> Porto [6] -> etc. That's far.

So the main threat is Toledo sending archers to Teruel.

Can I prevent that? I could attack Toledo instead. But Toledo is connected to Madrid [12] and Zaragoza [17] and Teruel [13] and Cordoba [11]. If I attack Toledo from Madrid or Zaragoza, I might catch them.

But let's focus on Teruel for now. It's the weakest and closest.

I should also consider that the enemy might attack my villages. Which of my villages are vulnerable?
- Castellon [18] borders Teruel [13]. If the enemy attacks from Teruel, they could send the 1 knight and 2 archers. My Castellon has 5 knights (or 7 after build). Defense: effective defense 13 (location bonus included). The enemy's attack: 1 knight (4) + 2 archers (2 each) = 8 attack. Most numerous: archer (2) vs knight (1). No counter for enemy (archer doesn't counter knight; knight counters archer, but enemy is attacking, so they count attack. Wait, counter triangle applies when attacking? "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."

So if enemy attacks Castellon with 2 archers and 1 knight, their most numerous type is archer. They are attacking, so they count attack. Do they get a counter bonus? The counter is for the attacker. Archer counters spearman. But Castellon has knights, not spearmen. So no counter bonus. Their effective attack is just the sum of attacks: 2*2 + 1*4 = 8. Castellon's effective defense is 13. 8 < 13, they lose. So Castellon is safe for now.

- Valencia [16] borders Teruel and Murcia. Defense 5 (effective). That's very low! If the enemy attacks from Teruel (2 archers, 1 knight) or Murcia (5 archers), they could win. Valencia's effective defense is 5. Enemy attack from Teruel: 8. 8 > 5, they win. So Valencia is vulnerable! I need to reinforce it or send troops away? If I send troops away, it's even more vulnerable. But if I attack Teruel from Valencia, I send my troops, leaving Valencia with fewer. But the enemy might attack Valencia while my troops are marching. The enemy writes orders simultaneously. If I send troops from Valencia to Teruel, and the enemy sends troops from Teruel to Valencia, they would meet on the road? "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there: head-on, or when one catches up with the other on the same stretch of road. It is an open-field battle: BOTH armies count their ATTACK, and neither gets a location bonus; a tie is decided by chance. The losing army is destroyed entirely; the winner takes losses and keeps marching."

So if I send troops from Valencia to Teruel, and the enemy sends troops from Teruel to Valencia, they meet on the road between Valencia and Teruel. They fight in the open field. My troops (say 4 knights) vs enemy troops (2 archers, 1 knight). Open field: both count attack. My attack: 4*4 = 16. Enemy attack: 2*2 + 4 = 8. No counter because most numerous? My most numerous is knight (4), enemy most numerous is archer (2). Knight counters archer, so I get 1.5x bonus? The rule: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So for each army, we determine the most numerous type. Then we see if one counters the other. If my most numerous (knight) counters enemy's most numerous (archer), I get 1.5x. So my effective attack = 16 * 1.5 = 24. Enemy attack = 8. I win. But I take losses.

So if the enemy attacks Valencia, they might meet my marching troops and lose. But if they don't attack, Valencia remains vulnerable.

Actually, Valencia's defense is 5 because it's a village? The report says: "effective defense (location bonus included): 5". That's very low. Maybe it's because it's a border village with few troops? The troops at home are 2 knights. Defense of knight is 2. Two knights = 4 raw defense. Location bonus in a village is x1.25, so 4 * 1.25 = 5. Yes.

If I leave Valencia with only 2 knights, and the enemy attacks from Teruel with 2 archers and 1 knight, they would attack Valencia. My defense is 5, their attack is 8. They win. So I should not leave Valencia weak. I should either reinforce it or send all troops to attack and hope the enemy doesn't attack it.

But the enemy might be smart and attack Valencia. However, the enemy is AI, and they might not know I'm weak there because of fog of war. They can only see Valencia if they have troops near it or from their own villages. Teruel is connected to Valencia, so they can see Valencia? The fog of war rule: "You see: your own villages, every village directly connected to one of yours by road, and the destination of each army you have on the march." The enemy sees their own villages and villages connected to them. Teruel is connected to Valencia, so the enemy can see Valencia! They know its defense is 5. They might attack it.

So I need to protect Valencia. I can either:
- Send reinforcements from another village (e.g., Castellon or Zaragoza) to Valencia.
- Attack Teruel from a different village, leaving Valencia's troops at home to defend.
- Build more troops in Valencia to increase its defense.

If I build 2 knights in Valencia, it has 4 knights. Defense: 4 * 2 = 8 raw. With bonus: 8 * 1.25 = 10. Enemy attack from Teruel: 8. 10 > 8, so they would lose if they attack. So building 2 knights in Valencia makes it safe from Teruel.

But if I also send troops from Valencia to attack, I need to leave some for defense. The rule says I can send any number of troops I have. If I build 2 knights, I have 4. I could send 2 to attack, leaving 2 for defense. But then defense drops to 2 knights = 5 effective defense again. So I should not send from Valencia if it's vulnerable.

Better: attack Teruel from Castellon. Castellon has 5 knights, and after building 2 more, 7 knights. Castellon's defense is 13 (5 knights = 10 raw * 1.25 = 12.5, rounded 13). If I send all 7, Castellon's defense drops to 0? Wait, if I send all troops, the village has 0 troops, so defense is 0? The report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 13". That's based on the troops at home. If I send all, the defense becomes 0 (or 1? No, 0 troops means no defense). But the enemy might attack Castellon. Castellon borders Teruel. If I send all troops to Teruel, Castellon is empty. The enemy could attack Castellon from Teruel. If they do, they would meet my marching troops? No, my troops are marching to Teruel. If the enemy attacks Castellon, they march from Teruel to Castellon. My troops are marching from Castellon to Teruel. They would meet on the road. As I calculated, my 7 knights would likely defeat the enemy's 2 archers and 1 knight in open field. So Castellon is safe as long as I send the troops to attack Teruel, because they'll meet the enemy on the road.

But what if the enemy doesn't attack Castellon, and instead reinforces Teruel? Then my troops arrive at Teruel and fight the reinforced garrison. I still win, but take more losses.

What if the enemy attacks Zaragoza? Zaragoza borders Teruel. Zaragoza has 7 troops (2 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight). Defense 18. If I send some troops from Zaragoza, its defense drops. But I don't need to send from Zaragoza if I attack from Castellon.

Let's plan:
- Build 2 knights in Castellon. (Cost: 60 wood, 60 iron)
- Build 2 knights in Valencia. (Cost: 60 wood, 60 iron) -> to defend Valencia.
- Build 1 knight in Zaragoza. (Cost: 30 wood, 30 iron) -> to reinforce Zaragoza or send.
- Send 7 knights from Castellon to Teruel [13].

Wait, if I build 2 knights in Castellon, I have 7 knights. I send all 7. Castellon becomes empty. But if the enemy attacks Castellon, my troops are marching to Teruel, so they meet on the road. That's fine.

But what if the enemy sends troops from Teruel to Castellon, and I send troops from Castellon to Teruel, they meet on the road. My 7 knights vs their 2 archers, 1 knight. Open field: my attack 28, counter vs archer (1.5x) = 42. Their attack: 2*2 + 4 = 8. I win easily. They are destroyed. I take losses (attrition against their 8 attack). I might lose 1-2 knights. Then my remaining knights continue to Teruel? The rule: "The losing army is destroyed entirely; the winner takes losses and keeps marching." So after the road battle, my surviving knights continue to Teruel. But Teruel might have been reinforced. If the enemy sent reinforcements to Teruel, they are already there. If they sent the Teruel garrison to Castellon, then Teruel is empty? No, the garrison is the troops at the village. If they send them, they leave the village. But the enemy might not send the garrison; they might just send reinforcements from elsewhere.

Actually, the enemy's orders are simultaneous. They don't know I'm attacking Teruel. They might:
- Do nothing.
- Send reinforcements to Teruel from Toledo.
- Attack Castellon or Valencia or Zaragoza.
- Attack one of my other villages.

I need to be prepared for multiple scenarios.

Let's think about the overall map. I have 9 villages. The enemy has at least 4 visible. The unexplored area is large. The enemy capital is Lisboa. I need to expand.

Maybe I should attack a weaker target first. Teruel is the weakest visible (defense 8). But Valencia is vulnerable (defense 5). I should protect Valencia by building troops there and not sending them away.

Let's reconsider: I can build 2 knights in Valencia, making it 4 knights, defense 10. Then it's safe from Teruel. I can also build 2 knights in Castellon, making it 7 knights, and send them to Teruel. That attacks Teruel while protecting Valencia.

What about Zaragoza? It has 7 troops, defense 18. It's safe from Teruel. But I could build 1 knight there to have 4 knights, and maybe send them to reinforce Madrid or something.

Madrid [12] borders Salamanca (defense 48), Toledo (defense 10), Burgos (defense 10). Madrid has 5 troops (2 archer, 3 knight), defense 13. It's vulnerable if the enemy attacks from multiple sides. But the enemy would have to send troops from Salamanca, Toledo, or Burgos. Salamanca is strong (48 defense), but if they send troops, they'd have to march. Toledo has 4 archers, Burgos has 3 spearmen, 1 knight. If they attack Madrid from both sides, they could overwhelm it. But I can reinforce Madrid from Zaragoza or Pamplona.

Pamplona [19] borders Burgos. Pamplona has 5 knights, defense 13. Burgos has 3 spearmen, 1 knight, defense 10. If the enemy attacks Pamplona from Burgos, they'd send 3 spearmen, 1 knight. My defense 13, their attack: 3*1 + 4 = 7. No counter (spearmen don't counter knights). 7 < 13, I win. So Pamplona is safe.

But if the enemy attacks from multiple villages, they could coordinate. However, the enemy AI might not coordinate well.

Let's focus on this turn. I'll do:
- Build 2 knights in Castellon.
- Build 2 knights in Valencia.
- Build 1 knight in Zaragoza.
- Send 7 knights from Castellon to Teruel.

Wait, I need to check if Castellon can afford 2 knights. Wood 120, iron 70. Cost: 30 wood + 30 iron per knight. 2 knights = 60 wood, 60 iron. Remaining: 60 wood, 10 iron. Yes.

Valencia: wood 150, iron 60. 2 knights = 60 wood, 60 iron. Remaining: 90 wood, 0 iron. Yes.

Zaragoza: wood 90, iron 40. 1 knight = 30 wood, 30 iron. Remaining: 60 wood, 10 iron. Yes.

But I also need to consider that I might want to build spearmen or archers elsewhere. For example, Tarragona has 7 spearman, 1 archer, 6 knights. It could build more spearmen or archers. But I have a lot of knights already. I might need archers to counter enemy spearmen. But I don't see many enemy spearmen except in Burgos and Salamanca. I can deal with them later.

Another thought: I should send troops to Madrid to protect it. Madrid borders Salamanca (48 defense), which is very strong. I probably can't attack Salamanca yet. But I could attack Toledo or Burgos from Madrid. Toledo has 4 archers, defense 10. I could attack Toledo from Madrid with knights. Madrid has 3 knights, 2 archers. If I send 3 knights, attack 12, counter vs archer (1.5x) = 18. Defense 10. 18 > 10, I win. But Madrid's defense would drop. If I send all 3 knights, Madrid has 2 archers left, defense: 2*2 = 4 raw * 1.25 = 5. That's vulnerable. So I should leave some troops or reinforce Madrid.

Maybe I should attack Toledo from Zaragoza instead. Zaragoza has 3 knights, 2 archers, 2 spearmen. I could send 3 knights to Toledo. Travel time: Zaragoza to Toledo? [17] Zaragoza connects to [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona. Toledo [8] connects to [4], [11], [12], [13]. So from Zaragoza to Toledo, the road goes through Teruel? Or through Madrid? Zaragoza -> Madrid -> Toledo. Or Zaragoza -> Teruel -> Toledo. Both are 2 turns. So it takes 2 turns for fast troops. That's slower than attacking Teruel (1 turn).

I think attacking Teruel is the best immediate action. It's the weakest, closest, and conquering it will give me a border with Toledo and Burgos? Actually, Teruel connects to Toledo, so after taking Teruel, I border Toledo. That's good.

Let's also consider building in other villages to increase my overall troop production.
- Barcelona: 5 knights. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 6 knights. Or build archers or spearmen. But it's far from the front.
- Tarragona: 7 spearman, 1 archer, 6 knights. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) -> 8 knights. Or build spearmen (15 wood) -> 4 spearmen (60 wood) -> 11 spearmen. Or archers (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) -> 4 archers. I might want to diversify. But Tarragona is interior, safe.
- Girona: 5 knights. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) -> 7 knights.
- Huesca: 5 knights. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 6 knights.
- Pamplona: 5 knights. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 6 knights.

I should build knights where I can, because knights are strong (attack 4). But I need to consider the counter triangle. If the enemy has many spearmen, I should build archers. But I don't know the full enemy composition. I can see Burgos has 3 spearmen, Salamanca has 9 spearmen. So spearmen are common. Archers counter spearmen. So I should build some archers.

Let's check my total troops: 9 spearman, 5 archer, 39 knight. I have very few archers. If I face enemy spearmen, I need archers. So I should build archers in some villages.

Which villages can build archers? Cost: 20 wood + 10 iron.
- Barcelona: wood 120, iron 40. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) -> 80 wood, 20 iron.
- Tarragona: wood 60, iron 60. Can build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) -> 0 wood, 30 iron. Or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) -> 20 wood, 40 iron.
- Girona: wood 120, iron 60. Can build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) -> 60 wood, 30 iron.
- Castellon: wood 120, iron 70. Can build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) -> 60 wood, 40 iron.
- Zaragoza: wood 90, iron 40. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) -> 50 wood, 20 iron.
- Huesca: wood 120, iron 40. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) -> 80 wood, 20 iron.
- Valencia: wood 150, iron 60. Can build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) -> 90 wood, 30 iron.
- Madrid: wood 90, iron 70. Can build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) -> 30 wood, 40 iron.
- Pamplona: wood 105, iron 50. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) -> 65 wood, 30 iron.

I could build archers in Tarragona, Madrid, etc. But I need to decide on a strategy.

Maybe I should attack Teruel with a mixed army? But knights are best against archers. Teruel has archers. So knights are good.

Let's think about the enemy's possible reinforcements. If I attack Teruel, the enemy might send archers from Toledo. Toledo has 4 archers. If they send them, Teruel's defense increases. My 7 knights would still win, but with more losses. What if they send spearmen from somewhere? I don't see many spearmen near Teruel. Burgos has spearmen but it's far. Salamanca has spearmen but it's far.

What if the enemy attacks Valencia? Valencia has 2 knights. If I build 2 more, it has 4 knights, defense 10. Enemy from Teruel: 2 archers, 1 knight, attack 8. 10 > 8, they lose. So building 2 knights in Valencia protects it.

What if the enemy attacks Castellon? If I send all 7 knights from Castellon, it has 0 troops. But the enemy doesn't know I'm sending them? The enemy sees the march? The fog of war: "you see: ... the destination of each army you have on the march." The enemy sees the destination of my armies if they can see the starting village? Actually, the rule says: "The enemy is under the same rule: they see you only where their villages and armies reach." So if the enemy has a village connected to Castellon (Teruel is connected), they can see Castellon. They would see my troops marching from Castellon to Teruel? The rule says they see "the destination of each army you have on the march." But only if they can see the starting village? The fog of war section says: "You see: your own villages, every village directly connected to one of yours by road, and the destination of each army you have on the march." So for the enemy, they see their own villages, villages connected to them, and the destination of armies they can see. If they can see Castellon (because it's connected to Teruel), they would see my army marching to Teruel. So they know I'm attacking Teruel. They might then send reinforcements to Teruel from Toledo. Or they might attack Castellon while it's empty? But if they attack Castellon, they would meet my marching troops on the road. My troops are going to Teruel, theirs to Castellon. They meet in the middle. My troops would likely win, as calculated.

But what if the enemy sends troops from Teruel to Castellon, and I send troops from Castellon to Teruel, they meet on the road. After the battle, the winner continues marching. If I win, my surviving troops continue to Teruel. If they win, they continue to Castellon. But I have 7 knights, they have 2 archers, 1 knight. I should win easily. So Castellon is safe.

What about Valencia? If I build 2 knights there, it has 4 knights. I don't send any from Valencia. So Valencia has 4 knights, defense 10. The enemy could attack Valencia from Teruel. They would send their garrison (2 archers, 1 knight). My defense 10, their attack 8. They lose. So Valencia is safe.

What about Zaragoza? I build 1 knight, it has 4 knights, 2 archers, 2 spearmen. Defense 18. Safe.

What about Madrid? It has 2 archers, 3 knights, defense 13. The enemy could attack from Toledo (4 archers) or Burgos (3 spearmen, 1 knight) or Salamanca (9 spearmen, 7 archers, 3 knights). If they attack from Toledo: 4 archers, attack 8. My defense 13. 13 > 8, they lose. If from Burgos: 3 spearmen, 1 knight, attack 3*1 + 4 = 7. 13 > 7, they lose. If from Salamanca: that's a big army. Attack: 9*1 + 7*2 + 3*4 = 9 + 14 + 12 = 35. My defense 13. 35 > 13, they would win. But Salamanca is far, and they would have to march through Toledo or Burgos? Actually, Salamanca [7] connects to [3], [4], [6], [12] Madrid. So they can attack Madrid directly. But they have a huge army. If they send all of it, Madrid would fall. But would they? The enemy might not send all troops from Salamanca because it's their capital? No, Lisboa is the capital. Salamanca is just a village. They might send troops to defend or attack. But I can't stop them if they send 19 troops. I need to hope they don't, or I can reinforce Madrid from Zaragoza or Pamplona.

I could send reinforcements from Zaragoza to Madrid. Zaragoza has 4 knights (after build). I could send 2 knights to Madrid, increasing its defense. But travel time: Zaragoza to Madrid is 1 fast turn? The report says: "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Madrid? Actually, the report for Madrid says: "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? No, the report for Madrid says: "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? Wait, let's check the report:
"[12] Madrid | BORDER with [7], [8] +1 (enemy) | wood 90 (+30/turn) | iron 70 (+20/turn) | effective defense (location bonus included): 13 | troops at home: 5 / 300
    AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight (attack power if all sent: 16)
    from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"

Wait, it says "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza". That means from Madrid to Zaragoza is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So Zaragoza is 1 fast turn from Madrid. So I could send troops from Zaragoza to Madrid in 1 fast turn. If I send knights, they arrive next turn.

But if I send from Zaragoza, Zaragoza's defense drops. Zaragoza borders Teruel. If the enemy attacks Zaragoza from Teruel, they could win if I send away troops. Teruel has 2 archers, 1 knight, attack 8. Zaragoza after sending 2 knights has 2 knights, 2 archers, 2 spearmen. Defense: 2*2 (knights) + 2*2 (archers) + 2*2 (spearmen) = 12 raw? Wait, defense values: spearman 2, archer 2, knight 2. So 2+2+2 = 6? No, 2 spearmen = 4 defense, 2 archers = 4 defense, 2 knights = 4 defense. Total raw defense = 12. With location bonus x1.25 = 15. Enemy attack 8. 15 > 8, so Zaragoza is still safe even if I send 2 knights.

So I could send 2 knights from Zaragoza to Madrid to reinforce it. But do I need to? Madrid's defense is 13. Against Toledo (8 attack) or Burgos (7 attack), it's safe. Against Salamanca (35 attack), it's not safe. But if the enemy sends from Salamanca, they'd have to march. Salamanca to Madrid is 1 fast turn? The report says from Madrid to Salamanca? It says Madrid borders [7] Salamanca. The road network: [7] Salamanca connects to [12] Madrid. So travel time is probably 1 fast turn. If the enemy sends from Salamanca, they arrive next turn. I could reinforce Madrid from Zaragoza, but if the enemy sends 19 troops, my reinforcement of 2 knights won't help much. I'd need to send more.

Maybe I should attack Salamanca instead of defending Madrid? But Salamanca has defense 48, that's huge. I can't attack it yet.

Let's focus on the immediate: attack Teruel, protect Valencia, and build up my army.

I'll do:
- Build 2 knights in Castellon.
- Build 2 knights in Valencia.
- Build 1 knight in Zaragoza.
- Send 7 knights from Castellon to Teruel.

But wait, I need to check if I can send 7 knights from Castellon. After building, Castellon has 5 + 2 = 7 knights. Yes, I can send all 7.

What about the other villages? I could also build in Tarragona, Barcelona, etc., but they are far from the action. I'll leave them for now.

Let's consider the enemy's capital, Lisboa [0]. It's unexplored. I don't know its garrison. But I don't need to take it to win. I just need 18 villages.

After taking Teruel, I'll have 10 villages. I need 8 more. The enemy will have at least 3 visible (Toledo, Burgos, Salamanca) plus unexplored ones. I need to keep expanding.

For now, let's write the orders.

Builds:
- Castellon: 2 knights.
- Valencia: 2 knights.
- Zaragoza: 1 knight.

Movements:
- Castellon to Teruel: 7 knights.

But I should also consider sending reinforcements to Madrid or other places. Maybe I should send 2 knights from Zaragoza to Madrid to protect it, as I thought. But if I do that, Zaragoza has fewer troops. Let's calculate: Zaragoza initially has 2 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. I build 1 knight -> 2 spearman, 2 archer, 4 knight. If I send 2 knights to Madrid, Zaragoza has 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. Defense: 2*2 + 2*2 + 2*2 = 12 raw * 1.25 = 15. Enemy from Teruel: 2 archers, 1 knight, attack 8. 15 > 8, safe. Madrid gets 2 knights, so Madrid has 2 archer, 5 knight. Defense: 2*2 + 5*2 = 14 raw * 1.25 = 17.5 -> 18. That's better against Salamanca (35 attack still > 18, but closer). But maybe I should just keep the troops in Zaragoza to defend it and prepare for attacks.

Actually, I think I should not send from Zaragoza this turn. I want to keep my forces together for now. I'll just build and send from Castellon.

What about Pamplona? It has 5 knights. I could send some to Madrid or to reinforce Burgos? No, Burgos is enemy.

Let's check if I should attack Murcia [15] instead of Teruel. Murcia is neutral, 5 archers, defense 13. If I attack from Valencia with 4 knights (after building 2), I'd have 4 knights. Attack 16, counter vs archer (1.5x) = 24. Defense 13. 24 > 13, I win. But I take losses. And Murcia is neutral, so no enemy reinforcement. But it hardens every 5 turns. It was 10 defense 5 turns ago, now 13. Next 5-turn increment, it gains +1 archer, so 6 archers, defense might go up. If I attack now, I can take it. But taking a neutral village gives me a village, but it's far from my other villages? Valencia connects to Murcia. After taking Murcia, I would have a border with Cordoba [11] and maybe others. That could open up new fronts.

But Teruel is an enemy village. Taking it reduces enemy territory and gives me a village. It's closer to my core territory. I think Teruel is better.

Let's also consider that the enemy might attack my village this turn. Which village is most vulnerable? Valencia (defense 5) and Madrid (defense 13) and Castellon (defense 13) and Pamplona (defense 13). Valencia is the weakest. If I build 2 knights there, it becomes defense 10, which is safe from Teruel. But what if the enemy attacks from Toledo? Toledo has 4 archers. They could attack Valencia? Toledo [8] connects to [4], [11], [12], [13]. Not directly to Valencia. To attack Valencia, they'd have to go through Teruel or Madrid or Cordoba. So they can't attack Valencia directly unless they go through Teruel first. So if they want to attack Valencia, they must first take Teruel or go around. So Valencia is safe from Toledo for now.

What about Madrid? Madrid borders Toledo, Salamanca, Burgos. The enemy can attack from any of those. Toledo has 4 archers, attack 8. Madrid defense 13, safe. Burgos has 3 spearmen, 1 knight, attack 7. Safe. Salamanca has 19 troops, attack 35. Not safe. But will they send all from Salamanca? Maybe they will, maybe they won't. I can't predict.

I could reinforce Madrid from Zaragoza. Let's do that: send 2 knights from Zaragoza to Madrid. That increases Madrid's defense to 18 (2 archer + 5 knight = 14 raw * 1.25 = 17.5 -> 18). Still less than 35. But it helps.

Alternatively, I could send troops from Madrid to attack Toledo, but that would leave Madrid weaker. I think reinforcing is better.

Let's decide:
- Build 2 knights in Castellon.
- Build 2 knights in Valencia.
- Build 1 knight in Zaragoza.
- Send 7 knights from Castellon to Teruel.
- Send 2 knights from Zaragoza to Madrid.

Wait, if I send 2 knights from Zaragoza, Zaragoza has 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight (after build and send). Defense 15. Safe from Teruel.
Madrid has 2 archer, 5 knight. Defense 18.
Castellon sends all 7 knights, so it has 0 troops. But if the enemy attacks Castellon, they meet my troops on the road. My 7 knights vs enemy from Teruel (2 archers, 1 knight). I win, but take losses. Then my survivors continue to Teruel. If the enemy sends reinforcements to Teruel from Toledo, my survivors fight the reinforced Teruel. It might be tough if they send all 4 archers from Toledo. Teruel would have 6 archers, 1 knight. Defense: 6*2 + 2 = 14 raw * 1.25 = 17.5 -> 18. My 7 knights: attack 28, counter vs archer (1.5x) = 42. 42 > 18, I win. Losses: my effective attack 42, their effective defense 18. Attrition against 18. I might lose 3-4 knights. So I'd have 3-4 knights left to hold Teruel. That's enough to hold for now.

But what if the enemy sends more? They could send from Burgos? Burgos to Teruel is not direct. They'd have to go through Madrid or Pamplona. So unlikely.

What if the enemy attacks Zaragoza? Zaragoza has 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight, defense 15. Enemy from Teruel: 2 archers, 1 knight, attack 8. Safe.

What if the enemy attacks Pamplona? Pamplona has 5 knights, defense 13. Enemy from Burgos: 3 spearmen, 1 knight, attack 7. Safe.

What if the enemy attacks Barcelona? Barcelona is interior, no enemy border. Safe.

So my villages should be safe.

Let's also consider building in other villages to increase troop production. I have Tarragona with 60 wood, 60 iron. I could build 2 knights there. But they are far from the front. It might take many turns to march them to the front. But it's good to build anyway.

I'll build 2 knights in Tarragona as well. Tarragona has 7 spearman, 1 archer, 6 knights. After build: 8 knights. It can send them later.

What about Girona? 120 wood, 60 iron. Build 2 knights -> 7 knights.
Huesca: 120 wood, 40 iron. Build 1 knight -> 6 knights.
Barcelona: 120 wood, 40 iron. Build 1 knight -> 6 knights.
Pamplona: 105 wood, 50 iron. Build 1 knight -> 6 knights.

But I need to be careful about resources. Each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn. So they can sustain building. But I should not spend all resources if I need them for something else. But there's no other use for resources except building troops. So I should build as much as possible.

However, the cap per village is 300 troops. I'm far from that.

Let's list all builds I want to do this turn:
- Castellon: 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron)
- Valencia: 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron)
- Zaragoza: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron)
- Tarragona: 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron)
- Girona: 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron)
- Huesca: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron)
- Barcelona: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron)
- Pamplona: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron)
- Madrid: I could build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) but I'm sending 2 knights from Zaragoza to Madrid, so Madrid's troop count increases. But I can also build in Madrid. Madrid has 90 wood, 70 iron. Build 2 knights -> 60 wood, 60 iron -> 30 wood, 10 iron left. Then Madrid has 2 archer, 5 knight (from build) + 2 knight (from Zaragoza) = 2 archer, 7 knight? Wait, if I build 2 knights in Madrid, it has 2 archer, 5 knight. Then I send 2 knights from Zaragoza, so Madrid ends up with 2 archer, 7 knight. That's good.

But I need to check if I can afford all these builds. Let's check each village's resources:
- Barcelona: wood 120, iron 40. Build 1 knight: 30 wood, 30 iron -> 90 wood, 10 iron. OK.
- Tarragona: wood 60, iron 60. Build 2 knights: 60 wood, 60 iron -> 0 wood, 0 iron. OK.
- Girona: wood 120, iron 60. Build 2 knights: 60 wood, 60 iron -> 60 wood, 0 iron. OK.
- Castellon: wood 120, iron 70. Build 2 knights: 60 wood, 60 iron -> 60 wood, 10 iron. OK.
- Valencia: wood 150, iron 60. Build 2 knights: 60 wood, 60 iron -> 90 wood, 0 iron. OK.
- Zaragoza: wood 90, iron 40. Build 1 knight: 30 wood, 30 iron -> 60 wood, 10 iron. OK.
- Huesca: wood 120, iron 40. Build 1 knight: 30 wood, 30 iron -> 90 wood, 10 iron. OK.
- Madrid: wood 90, iron 70. Build 2 knights: 60 wood, 60 iron -> 30 wood, 10 iron. OK.
- Pamplona: wood 105, iron 50. Build 1 knight: 30 wood, 30 iron -> 75 wood, 20 iron. OK.

All builds are affordable.

But wait, I also need to consider that I'm sending troops from Castellon and Zaragoza. If I send all 7 from Castellon, Castellon has 0 troops. But I built 2 there, so it had 7, I send 7, it has 0. That's fine, but if the enemy attacks Castellon, it's empty. However, as I said, my marching troops will meet them. But what if the enemy doesn't attack Castellon, and instead attacks another village? Castellon is empty, but it's not attacked, so it's fine. I can rebuild troops there next turn.

What about Zaragoza? I build 1 knight, so it has 4 knights, 2 archers, 2 spearmen. I send 2 knights to Madrid, so Zaragoza has 2 knights, 2 archers, 2 spearmen. Defense 15. OK.

What about Madrid? I build 2 knights, so it has 2 archers, 5 knights. Then I receive 2 knights from Zaragoza, so it has 2 archers, 7 knights. Defense: 2*2 + 7*2 = 18 raw * 1.25 = 22.5 -> 23. That's better.

But wait, the movement from Zaragoza to Madrid takes 1 fast turn. So they arrive next turn. This turn, Madrid only has the troops I build there plus what it already had. The build happens this turn, so Madrid will have 2 archers, 5 knights at the end of this turn. The troops from Zaragoza will arrive next turn.

So for this turn's orders, I need to specify the builds and movements.

Let's also think about whether I should send any troops to attack other villages. I'm attacking Teruel with 7 knights from Castellon. Should I also attack from another village? The rule says troops from different villages fight alone. So if I send from Zaragoza to Teruel as well, they would fight separately. That might be useful if the first army fails, but it's risky because they don't combine. I think one strong army is better.

What about attacking Murcia? I could send from Valencia. Valencia has 2 knights initially, but I'm building 2 more, so it has 4 knights. If I send 4 knights to Murcia, they would fight. But I want to protect Valencia. If I send all 4, Valencia has 0 troops, defense 0. That's very vulnerable. So I should not send from Valencia. I could send from Castellon? But I'm sending all from Castellon to Teruel. I can't split them? I can send some to Teruel and some to Murcia. But then the attack on Teruel is weaker. I think focusing on one target is better.

Let's stick to attacking Teruel with all 7 knights from Castellon.

Now, let's write the plan and statement.

Plan: I need to write a note to myself for next turn. What am I trying to do? I'm attacking Teruel to expand my territory. I need to protect Valencia by building troops there. I'm reinforcing Madrid from Zaragoza. I'm building knights in many villages to grow my army.

Statement: I need to tell the audience what I did this turn. I built troops, sent an army to attack Teruel, and reinforced my borders.

Let's draft the JSON.

Builds:
- Barcelona: 1 knight
- Tarragona: 2 knights
- Girona: 2 knights
- Castellon: 2 knights
- Valencia: 2 knights
- Zaragoza: 1 knight
- Huesca: 1 knight
- Madrid: 2 knights
- Pamplona: 1 knight

Movements:
- Castellon to Teruel: 7 knights
- Zaragoza to Madrid: 2 knights

Wait, I need to check if I can send 2 knights from Zaragoza. Zaragoza initially has 3 knights. I build 1 knight, so it has 4 knights. I send 2, so it has 2 left. That's fine.

But I also need to consider that Zaragoza has 2 spearmen and 2 archers. I'm only sending knights. The movement troops are specified by type. So I can send 2 knights.

Now, let's check the travel time for Zaragoza to Madrid. The report says from Madrid to Zaragoza is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So knights (fast) take 1 turn. They arrive next turn.

For Castellon to Teruel: not explicitly listed, but Valencia to Teruel is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Castellon is also connected to Teruel, so likely 1 fast turn for knights. They arrive next turn.

What about the enemy's possible actions? I can't predict exactly, but I can write in my plan what I expect and what I'll do next turn.

Let's write the plan:
"Attacking Teruel with 7 knights from Castellon to expand territory. Built 2 knights in Valencia to protect it from enemy attack. Reinforced Madrid with 2 knights from Zaragoza. Building knights across my realm to grow army. Next turn: check battle results, repair losses, and continue expansion. Be careful of enemy counterattacks on Valencia or Madrid."

Statement:
"King B orders his armies to march. The knight garrison of Castellon, now seven strong, rides to attack Teruel. In Valencia, two new knights are raised to strengthen the border. Zaragoza sends two knights to reinforce Madrid. Across the realm, knights are forged in every forge, preparing for the wars to come."

Let's make sure the JSON is valid.

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 12, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 19, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 18, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 7}},
    {"fromId": 17, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}}
  ],
  "plan": "Attacking Teruel with 7 knights from Castellon to expand territory. Built 2 knights in Valencia to protect it from enemy attack. Reinforced Madrid with 2 knights from Zaragoza. Building knights across my realm to grow army. Next turn: check battle results, repair losses, and continue expansion. Be careful of enemy counterattacks on Valencia or Madrid.",
  "statement": "King B orders his armies to march. The knight garrison of Castellon, now seven strong, rides to attack Teruel. In Valencia, two new knights are raised to strengthen the border. Zaragoza sends two knights to reinforce Madrid. Across the realm, knights are forged in every forge, preparing for the wars to come."
}

Wait, I need to check if I can build 1 knight in Barcelona. Barcelona has 5 knights. Wood 120, iron 40. Cost 30 wood, 30 iron. Yes, can build 1 knight.
Tarragona: 6 knights, wood 60, iron 60. Build 2 knights: cost 60 wood, 60 iron. Yes.
Girona: 5 knights, wood 120, iron 60. Build 2 knights: cost 60 wood, 60 iron. Yes.
Castellon: 5 knights, wood 120, iron 70. Build 2 knights: cost 60 wood, 60 iron. Yes.
Valencia: 2 knights, wood 150, iron 60. Build 2 knights: cost 60 wood, 60 iron. Yes.
Zaragoza: 3 knights, 2 archer, 2 spearman, wood 90, iron 40. Build 1 knight: cost 30 wood, 30 iron. Yes.
Huesca: 5 knights, wood 120, iron 40. Build 1 knight: cost 30 wood, 30 iron. Yes.
Madrid: 3 knights, 2 archer, wood 90, iron 70. Build 2 knights: cost 60 wood, 60 iron. Yes.
Pamplona: 5 knights, wood 105, iron 50. Build 1 knight: cost 30 wood, 30 iron. Yes.

All builds are valid.

But I should also consider if I need to build archers or spearmen. I have very few archers (5 total). If I face enemy spearmen, I'll need archers. But for now, I'm attacking Teruel which has archers, so knights are good. I can build archers later.

Let's also think about the enemy capital. I don't need to take it, but if I eliminate all enemy villages, I win. The enemy has at least 4 visible villages. If I take Teruel, they have 3 visible left (Toledo, Burgos, Salamanca) plus unexplored ones. I need to find and eliminate them all, or hold 18 villages. Holding 18 might be easier.

After taking Teruel, I'll have 10 villages. I need 8 more. The unexplored area has 10 villages. Some might be neutral, some enemy. I need to explore and conquer.

For now, this turn's orders seem good.

One more thing: the rule says "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." I've checked resources.

Also, "Cap per village: when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building". I'm nowhere near 300.

Let's double-check the movement from Castellon to Teruel. Castellon has 5 knights initially. I build 2, so 7 knights. I send all 7. The movement order specifies 7 knights. That's fine.

Movement from Zaragoza to Madrid: Zaragoza has 3 knights initially. I build 1, so 4 knights. I send 2 knights. That's fine.

Now, what about the enemy's capital? It's Lisboa [0]. I don't see it. I can't order an attack on it because I don't know its garrison and it's not connected to my villages directly? Actually, it's connected to Santarem [1] and Evora [2], which are unexplored. I can't attack it yet.

I think my orders are solid.

Let's write the final JSON.

ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"cavaleiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":18,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":7}},{"origemId":17,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":2}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [18]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [18]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [16]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [16]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [17]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [20]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [12]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [12]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [19]
ACEITO envio [18]->[13]: 5K
ACEITO envio [17]->[12]: 2K
AJUSTADO envio [18]->[13]: pediu 7K, enviado 5K (estoque real)
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Attacking Teruel with 7 knights from Castellon to expand territory and reduce enemy presence. Built 2 knights in Valencia to raise its defense from 5 to 10, protecting it from enemy counterattack. Sent 2 knights from Zaragoza to reinforce Madrid against potential assaults from Salamanca or Toledo. Building knights across the realm to grow the army for future campaigns. Next turn: assess the battle at Teruel, repair any losses, and continue pushing into enemy territory while watching for enemy movements on Valencia or Madrid.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): King B's war council is clear. The seven knights of Castellon ride hard for Teruel, aiming to break the enemy's western border. Valencia forges two new knights to stand guard against sudden raids. Zaragoza sends two steel-clad brothers south to strengthen Madrid's walls. In every province, the forges burn bright, hammering out the knights that will carry King B's banner to victory.
COMBATE [15] Murcia: atacante B Fatk=2 (ef 2) Fdef=10 (ef 19) vant=-1 -> vence defensor | baixas~1
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 2S
placar: A 13 ald/tropas 10 | B 9 ald/tropas 46 | neutras 2 | transito 10 (A 8 | B 2)

########## TURNO 15 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4360 | resposta 9176 | raciocinio 5604 | finish stop | ms 86198
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 7, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 8, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 9, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 9, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 10, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 12, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 14, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 8, \"toId\": 11, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 1, \"archer\": 9, \"knight\": 3}},\n    {\"fromId\": 9, \"toId\": 11, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 5, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 12, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 7, \"archer\": 6, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 14, \"toId\": 19, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 6, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 7, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 6, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 10, \"toId\": 14, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 3, \"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 4}},\n    {\"fromId\": 0, \"toId\": 1, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 4, \"knight\": 0}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Attack Cordoba from Toledo and Sevilha this turn to secure the southern route. Simultaneously attack Zaragoza from Madrid and Pamplona from Burgos to open the northern and eastern fronts. Reinforce Madrid with Salamanca's spearmen and Burgos with Vigo's troops for the next wave of expansions. Build archers and knights across all villages to maintain momentum.\",\n  \"statement\": \"We launch a multi-front assault this turn. Toledo and Sevilha converge on Cordoba, while Madrid strikes Zaragoza and Burgos attacks Pamplona. Salamanca reinforces Madrid, and Vigo strengthens Burgos. Our forces are built up across the realm to sustain the campaign.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A and provide orders for the next turn based on the game state provided.

Let's analyze the current state:
- I hold 13 of 24 villages. I need 18 for 2 consecutive turns to win, or eliminate every enemy village.
- Enemy capital is Barcelona [22], unknown garrison.
- My villages:
  - [0] Lisboa: 4 archer (def 12)
  - [1] Santarem: 6 knight (def 15)
  - [2] Evora: 3 archer, 1 knight (def 10) + marching: 2 spearmen, 5 archers, 1 knight to [9] Sevilha (arrives in 1 turn)
  - [3] Coimbra: 2 archer, 1 knight (def 8)
  - [4] Badajoz: 4 archer (def 10)
  - [5] Faro: 2 knight (def 5)
  - [6] Porto: 2 archer (def 5)
  - [7] Salamanca: 6 spearman (def 15)
  - [8] Toledo: 1 spearman, 9 archer, 3 knight (def 33) - BORDER with [13] Teruel (enemy)
  - [10] Vigo: 3 spearman, 3 archer, 4 knight (def 25)
  - [9] Sevilha: 2 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight (def 20)
  - [12] Madrid: 7 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight (def 38) - BORDER with [17] Zaragoza (enemy)
  - [14] Burgos: 6 spearman (def 15) - BORDER with [19] Pamplona (enemy)

- Visible enemy/neutral villages:
  - [11] Cordoba (neutral): 6 knights, def 15. March from [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
  - [13] Teruel (enemy): 3 knights, def 8. March from [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
  - [17] Zaragoza (enemy): 2 spearmen, 2 archers, 2 knights, def 15. March from [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
  - [19] Pamplona (enemy): 6 knights, def 15. March from [14] Burgos: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

- Known from before:
  - [16] Valencia (enemy): last seen 2 knights. March from [8] Toledo: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns.
  - [18] Castellon (enemy): last seen 5 knights. March from [8] Toledo: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns.

- Unexplored:
  - [15] Murcia, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona (enemy capital), [23] Girona.

Let's check the road network:
- [8] Toledo connects to [4] Badajoz, [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel.
- [12] Madrid connects to [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza.
- [14] Burgos connects to [10] Vigo, [12] Madrid, [19] Pamplona.
- [11] Cordoba connects to [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia.
- [13] Teruel connects to [8] Toledo, [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon.
- [17] Zaragoza connects to [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona.
- [19] Pamplona connects to [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza, [20] Huesca.
- [20] Huesca connects to [17] Zaragoza, [19] Pamplona, [23] Girona.
- [21] Tarragona connects to [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [22] Barcelona.
- [22] Barcelona connects to [21] Tarragona, [23] Girona.
- [23] Girona connects to [20] Huesca, [22] Barcelona.

My current troops at home: 83 soldiers (25 spearman, 38 archer, 20 knight) + 8 marching.
Wait, let's sum up the available troops at home:
- [0] Lisboa: 4 archer
- [1] Santarem: 6 knight
- [2] Evora: 3 archer, 1 knight (plus marching: 2 spearmen, 5 archers, 1 knight to Sevilha)
- [3] Coimbra: 2 archer, 1 knight
- [4] Badajoz: 4 archer
- [5] Faro: 2 knight
- [6] Porto: 2 archer
- [7] Salamanca: 6 spearman
- [8] Toledo: 1 spearman, 9 archer, 3 knight
- [10] Vigo: 3 spearman, 3 archer, 4 knight
- [9] Sevilha: 2 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight
- [12] Madrid: 7 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight
- [14] Burgos: 6 spearman

Let's look at the resources and what we can build.
Each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn.
Costs:
- spearman: 15 wood + 0 iron
- archer: 20 wood + 10 iron
- knight: 30 wood + 30 iron

Let's check resources for each village:
- [0] Lisboa: wood 40, iron 50. Can build archer (needs 20 wood, 10 iron). Can build knight (needs 30 wood, 30 iron). Let's say 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 50 wood, 40 iron. Let's build 1 knight, 1 archer. Or just 2 archers.
- [1] Santarem: wood 90, iron 80. Can build knights: 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron - wait, iron is 80, so max 2 knights: 60 wood, 60 iron). Or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 80 wood, 70 iron. Let's build 2 knights, 1 archer.
- [2] Evora: wood 30, iron 50. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) -> 35 wood, 10 iron. Let's build 1 knight.
- [3] Coimbra: wood 80, iron 70. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) + 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron). Let's build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
- [4] Badajoz: wood 40, iron 40. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 2 archers.
- [5] Faro: wood 95, iron 60. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 2 knights.
- [6] Porto: wood 80, iron 60. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 2 knights.
- [7] Salamanca: wood 30, iron 80. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 2 archers.
- [8] Toledo: wood 40, iron 40. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 2 archers.
- [10] Vigo: wood 90, iron 60. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 2 knights.
- [9] Sevilha: wood 50, iron 40. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Let's build 1 knight, 1 archer.
- [12] Madrid: wood 60, iron 30. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 2 archers.
- [14] Burgos: wood 30, iron 80. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 2 archers.

Let's think about the strategy.
We need to hold 18 villages. We currently hold 13.
The enemy has: Teruel [13], Zaragoza [17], Pamplona [19], Valencia [16], Castellon [18], Barcelona [22], and maybe others like Huesca [20], Girona [23], Tarragona [21], Murcia [15] (wait, Murcia is neutral? No, [11] Cordoba is neutral, [15] Murcia is unexplored, but connected to [11] and [16]).
Wait, the list of enemy villages we know: Teruel, Zaragoza, Pamplona, Valencia, Castellon, Barcelona. That's 6. Plus unexplored: Huesca, Girona, Tarragona, Murcia. If they are all enemy, that's 10 enemy villages. Total map has 24 villages. 13 mine + 1 neutral (Cordoba) + 10 enemy = 24.
So we need to conquer 5 more villages (either Cordoba or enemy villages) to reach 18.
Cordoba is neutral, has 6 knights, def 15. It's close to Toledo and Sevilha.
Let's look at the fronts:
- Southern front: Cordoba [11] (neutral). We can attack it from Toledo [8] or Sevilha [9].
- Eastern front: Teruel [13] (enemy, 3 knights, def 8), Zaragoza [17] (enemy, def 15), Valencia [16], Castellon [18].
- Northern front: Pamplona [19] (enemy, 6 knights, def 15), Burgos [14] is mine.

Let's check the troop movements:
- Evora [2] is marching to Sevilha [9] with 2 spearmen, 5 archers, 1 knight. This will reinforce Sevilha.
- We have troops in Toledo [8]: 1 spearman, 9 archer, 3 knight. We can send them to attack Cordoba [11] or Teruel [13].
- We have troops in Madrid [12]: 7 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight. We can send them to attack Zaragoza [17].
- We have troops in Burgos [14]: 6 spearman. We can send them to attack Pamplona [19].
- We have troops in Salamanca [7]: 6 spearman. We can send them to Madrid [12] to reinforce, or to Toledo [8] via Madrid? Road from Salamanca [7] goes to [3], [4], [6], [12]. So Salamanca to Madrid is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.
- We have troops in Vigo [10]: 3 spearman, 3 archer, 4 knight. Can go to Burgos [14] (1 turn) or Porto [6].

Let's plan the attacks:
1. Attack Cordoba [11] from Toledo [8] and Sevilha [9].
Toledo has 1 spearman, 9 archer, 3 knight. Effective attack: spearman 1, archer 9, knight 3. Most numerous is archer (9). Archer counts attack 2. Total attack = 1*1 + 9*2 + 3*4 = 1 + 18 + 12 = 31. Cordoba defense is 15 (location bonus included). Wait, Cordoba has 6 knights. Defense of knights is 2. 6 * 2 = 12. Location bonus included says 15. So effective defense is 15.
If we attack with Toledo: 31 attack vs 15 defense. We should win easily.
Sevilha has 2 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight. Plus the marching troops from Evora (2 spearmen, 5 archers, 1 knight) arriving this turn. So Sevilha will have 4 spearmen, 10 archers, 2 knights. Attack: 4*1 + 10*2 + 2*4 = 4 + 20 + 8 = 32.
If we send both Toledo and Sevilha to Cordoba, they fight separately. Toledo arrives in 1 turn, Sevilha in 1 turn (march from Sevilha to Cordoba: Sevilha [9] connects to [4], [5], [11]. So 1 turn).
Wait, Cordoba is neutral. If we attack it, do we conquer it? Yes, if we win.
But we need to be careful about the enemy capital Barcelona. Taking Cordoba gets us to 14. We need 4 more.
Let's look at Teruel [13]. It has 3 knights, def 8. We can attack it from Toledo [8]. Toledo to Teruel is 1 turn.
Zaragoza [17] has 2 spearmen, 2 archers, 2 knights, def 15. We can attack it from Madrid [12]. Madrid to Zaragoza is 1 turn.
Pamplona [19] has 6 knights, def 15. We can attack it from Burgos [14]. Burgos to Pamplona is 1 turn.

Let's decide on the moves for this turn:
- From Toledo [8]: send 1 spearman, 9 archer, 3 knight to Cordoba [11] to attack.
- From Sevilha [9]: send 2 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight (plus the arriving ones, but we only order what's there now? The report says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 2 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight". The marching ones are "already marching out (NOT available)". So we order 2 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight from Sevilha to Cordoba [11].
- From Madrid [12]: send 7 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight to Zaragoza [17] to attack.
- From Burgos [14]: send 6 spearman to Pamplona [19] to attack.
- From Salamanca [7]: send 6 spearman to Madrid [12] to reinforce.
- From Vigo [10]: send 3 spearman, 3 archer, 4 knight to Burgos [14] to reinforce.
- From Evora [2]: already marching to Sevilha.
- From Lisboa [0]: send 4 archer to Toledo [8] or Badajoz [4]? Lisboa connects to [1] Santarem and [2] Evora. No direct road to Toledo. Road from Lisboa [0] goes to [1] and [2]. So we can send to Santarem [1] or Evora [2]. Let's send to Santarem [1] to reinforce the knights there, or to Evora [2]. Let's send to Santarem [1].
- From Santarem [1]: send 6 knight to Toledo [8]? Road from Santarem [1] goes to [0], [3], [4]. Badajoz [4] connects to Toledo [8]. So Santarem -> Badajoz -> Toledo. That's 2 turns. Or Santarem -> Coimbra [3] -> Salamanca [7] -> Madrid [12] -> Toledo [8]. That's longer. Let's just keep them in Santarem or send to Badajoz [4] to march to Toledo. Actually, we can send them to Badajoz [4] and next turn to Toledo.
Let's look at the build orders:
We want to build troops to replace losses and grow.
- [0] Lisboa: build 2 archers (cost 40 wood, 20 iron).
- [1] Santarem: build 2 knights, 1 archer (cost 80 wood, 70 iron).
- [2] Evora: build 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron).
- [3] Coimbra: build 2 knights (cost 60 wood, 60 iron).
- [4] Badajoz: build 2 archers (cost 40 wood, 20 iron).
- [5] Faro: build 2 knights (cost 60 wood, 60 iron).
- [6] Porto: build 2 knights (cost 60 wood, 60 iron).
- [7] Salamanca: build 2 archers (cost 40 wood, 20 iron).
- [8] Toledo: build 2 archers (cost 40 wood, 20 iron).
- [10] Vigo: build 2 knights (cost 60 wood, 60 iron).
- [9] Sevilha: build 1 knight, 1 archer (cost 50 wood, 40 iron).
- [12] Madrid: build 2 archers (cost 40 wood, 20 iron).
- [14] Burgos: build 2 archers (cost 40 wood, 20 iron).

Let's refine the movement orders:
We want to attack Cordoba [11], Zaragoza [17], Pamplona [19].
- Toledo [8] -> Cordoba [11]: 1 spearman, 9 archer, 3 knight.
- Sevilha [9] -> Cordoba [11]: 2 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight.
- Madrid [12] -> Zaragoza [17]: 7 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight.
- Burgos [14] -> Pamplona [19]: 6 spearman.
- Salamanca [7] -> Madrid [12]: 6 spearman (to reinforce Madrid for the next push).
- Vigo [10] -> Burgos [14]: 3 spearman, 3 archer, 4 knight (to reinforce Burgos).
- Lisboa [0] -> Santarem [1]: 4 archer (to reinforce Santarem).
- Evora [2] -> Sevilha [9]: already marching.

Let's check if we can send Lisboa to Badajoz [4] instead of Santarem. Lisboa [0] connects to [1] Santarem and [2] Evora. No direct road to Badajoz. So Lisboa -> Santarem -> Badajoz is 2 turns. Lisboa -> Evora -> Sevilha -> Badajoz is 3 turns. So Lisboa -> Santarem is the only 1-turn option to a major hub. Let's send to Santarem.

Let's double check the troop counts and available troops:
- Toledo [8]: 1 spearman, 9 archer, 3 knight. Send all to Cordoba [11].
- Sevilha [9]: 2 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight. Send all to Cordoba [11].
- Madrid [12]: 7 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight. Send all to Zaragoza [17].
- Burgos [14]: 6 spearman. Send all to Pamplona [19].
- Salamanca [7]: 6 spearman. Send all to Madrid [12].
- Vigo [10]: 3 spearman, 3 archer, 4 knight. Send all to Burgos [14].
- Lisboa [0]: 4 archer. Send all to Santarem [1].

Let's check the build orders again.
- [0] Lisboa: wood 40, iron 50. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
- [1] Santarem: wood 90, iron 80. Build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron), 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Total 80 wood, 70 iron.
- [2] Evora: wood 30, iron 50. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- [3] Coimbra: wood 80, iron 70. Build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
- [4] Badajoz: wood 40, iron 40. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
- [5] Faro: wood 95, iron 60. Build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
- [6] Porto: wood 80, iron 60. Build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
- [7] Salamanca: wood 30, iron 80. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
- [8] Toledo: wood 40, iron 40. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
- [10] Vigo: wood 90, iron 60. Build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
- [9] Sevilha: wood 50, iron 40. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron), 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Total 50 wood, 40 iron.
- [12] Madrid: wood 60, iron 30. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
- [14] Burgos: wood 30, iron 80. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).

Let's write the plan and statement.
Plan: "Attack Cordoba from Toledo and Sevilha this turn to secure the southern route. Simultaneously attack Zaragoza from Madrid and Pamplona from Burgos to open the northern and eastern fronts. Reinforce Madrid with Salamanca's spearmen and Burgos with Vigo's troops for the next wave of expansions. Build archers and knights across all villages to maintain momentum."
Statement: "We launch a multi-front assault this turn. Toledo and Sevilha converge on Cordoba, while Madrid strikes Zaragoza and Burgos attacks Pamplona. Salamanca reinforces Madrid, and Vigo strengthens Burgos. Our forces are built up across the realm to sustain the campaign."

Let's review the JSON structure:
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 3, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 4, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 5, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 6, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 7, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 8, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 10, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 9, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 9, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 12, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 14, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 8, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 9, "knight": 3}},
    {"fromId": 9, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 5, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 12, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 7, "archer": 6, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 14, "toId": 19, "troops": {"spearman": 6, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 7, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 6, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 10, "toId": 14, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 3, "knight": 4}},
    {"fromId": 0, "toId": 1, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 4, "knight": 0}}
  ],
  "plan": "Attack Cordoba from Toledo and Sevilha this turn to secure the southern route. Simultaneously attack Zaragoza from Madrid and Pamplona from Burgos to open the northern and eastern fronts. Reinforce Madrid with Salamanca's spearmen and Burgos with Vigo's troops for the next wave of expansions. Build archers and knights across all villages to maintain momentum.",
  "statement": "We launch a multi-front assault this turn. Toledo and Sevilha converge on Cordoba, while Madrid strikes Zaragoza and Burgos attacks Pamplona. Salamanca reinforces Madrid, and Vigo strengthens Burgos. Our forces are built up across the realm to sustain the campaign."
}

Let's double check if there are any constraints violated.
- "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."
  - Lisboa: wood 40, iron 50. 2 archers cost 40 wood, 20 iron. OK.
  - Santarem: wood 90, iron 80. 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 80 wood, 70 iron. OK.
  - Evora: wood 30, iron 50. 1 knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. OK.
  - Coimbra: wood 80, iron 70. 2 knights cost 60 wood, 60 iron. OK.
  - Badajoz: wood 40, iron 40. 2 archers cost 40 wood, 20 iron. OK.
  - Faro: wood 95, iron 60. 2 knights cost 60 wood, 60 iron. OK.
  - Porto: wood 80, iron 60. 2 knights cost 60 wood, 60 iron. OK.
  - Salamanca: wood 30, iron 80. 2 archers cost 40 wood, 20 iron. OK.
  - Toledo: wood 40, iron 40. 2 archers cost 40 wood, 20 iron. OK.
  - Vigo: wood 90, iron 60. 2 knights cost 60 wood, 60 iron. OK.
  - Sevilha: wood 50, iron 40. 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 50 wood, 40 iron. OK.
  - Madrid: wood 60, iron 30. 2 archers cost 40 wood, 20 iron. OK.
  - Burgos: wood 30, iron 80. 2 archers cost 40 wood, 20 iron. OK.

- "Do not send troops a village does not have."
  - Toledo has 1 spearman, 9 archer, 3 knight. Sending 1 spearman, 9 archer, 3 knight. OK.
  - Sevilha has 2 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight. Sending 2 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight. OK.
  - Madrid has 7 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight. Sending 7 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight. OK.
  - Burgos has 6 spearman. Sending 6 spearman. OK.
  - Salamanca has 6 spearman. Sending 6 spearman. OK.
  - Vigo has 3 spearman, 3 archer, 4 knight. Sending 3 spearman, 3 archer, 4 knight. OK.
  - Lisboa has 4 archer. Sending 4 archer. OK.

- "Use only ids that appear in the report above."
  - 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 14, 17, 19. All used are in the report.

- "Empty lists are valid orders." - Not using empty lists, but all lists are populated.

Let's check the travel times:
- Toledo [8] to Cordoba [11]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn. The troops will arrive in 1 turn (fastest is 1 turn, but mixed army marches at slowest speed. Wait, Toledo has spearman (slow), archer (medium), knight (fast). Mixed army marches at slowest speed, which is slow. The report says "march from [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So it takes 1 slow turn. That means 1 turn.
- Sevilha [9] to Cordoba [11]: Sevilha connects to [4], [5], [11]. So 1 turn.
- Madrid [12] to Zaragoza [17]: Madrid connects to [7], [8], [14], [17]. So 1 turn.
- Burgos [14] to Pamplona [19]: Burgos connects to [10], [12], [19]. So 1 turn.
- Salamanca [7] to Madrid [12]: Salamanca connects to [3], [4], [6], [12]. So 1 turn.
- Vigo [10] to Burgos [14]: Vigo connects to [6], [14]. So 1 turn.
- Lisboa [0] to Santarem [1]: Lisboa connects to [1], [2]. So 1 turn.

Everything looks solid. The plan is aggressive on multiple fronts, securing Cordoba (neutral) and pushing into enemy territory (Zaragoza, Pamplona). This will likely get us to 15 or 16 villages, bringing us closer to the 18 needed to win.

Let's format the JSON correctly.
No text before or after the JSON.

One minor detail: the prompt says "Write them in ENGLISH, every turn, even if your note from last turn is in another language: 'plan': ... 'statement': ...".
I will write them in English.

Let's do a quick final check of the JSON syntax.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 3, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 4, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 5, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 6, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 7, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 8, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 9, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 9, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 10, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 12, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 14, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 8, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 9, "knight": 3}},
    {"fromId": 9, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 5, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 12, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 7, "archer": 6, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 14, "toId": 19, "troops": {"spearman": 6, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 7, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 6, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 10, "toId": 14, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 3, "knight": 4}},
    {"fromId": 0, "toId": 1, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 4, "knight": 0}}
  ],
  "plan": "Attack Cordoba from Toledo and Sevilha this turn to secure the southern route. Simultaneously attack Zaragoza from Madrid and Pamplona from Burgos to open the northern and eastern fronts. Reinforce Madrid with Salamanca's spearmen and Burgos with Vigo's troops for the next wave of expansions. Build archers and knights across all villages to maintain momentum.",
  "statement": "We launch a multi-front assault this turn. Toledo and Sevilha converge on Cordoba, while Madrid strikes Zaragoza and Burgos attacks Pamplona. Salamanca reinforces Madrid, and Vigo strengthens Burgos. Our forces are built up across the realm to sustain the campaign."
}
Looks perfect.

ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"arqueiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":8,"destinoId":11,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":9,"cavaleiro":3}},{"origemId":9,"destinoId":11,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":5,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":12,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":7,"arqueiro":6,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":14,"destinoId":19,"tropas":{"lanceiro":6,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":7,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":6,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":10,"destinoId":14,"tropas":{"lanceiro":3,"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":4}},{"origemId":0,"destinoId":1,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":4,"cavaleiro":0}}]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [1]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [2]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [3]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [3]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [4]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [4]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [5]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [5]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [6]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [6]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [7]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [8]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [8]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [9]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [9]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [10]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [10]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [12]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [12]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [14]
ACEITO envio [8]->[11]: 1S+9A+3K (alvo neutra cavaleiro)
ACEITO envio [9]->[11]: 2S+5A+1K (alvo neutra cavaleiro)
ACEITO envio [12]->[17]: 7S+6A+2K
ACEITO envio [14]->[19]: 6S
ACEITO envio [7]->[12]: 6S
ACEITO envio [10]->[14]: 3S+3A+4K
ACEITO envio [0]->[1]: 4A
REJEITADO: construir [7]: recurso insuficiente p/ arqueiro (tem 10m/70f, custa 20m/10f)
REJEITADO: construir [14]: recurso insuficiente p/ arqueiro (tem 10m/70f, custa 20m/10f)
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Attack Cordoba from Toledo and Sevilha this turn to secure the southern route. Simultaneously attack Zaragoza from Madrid and Pamplona from Burgos to open the northern and eastern fronts. Reinforce Madrid with Salamanca's spearmen and Burgos with Vigo's troops for the next wave of expansions. Build archers and knights across all villages to maintain momentum.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): We launch a multi-front assault this turn. Toledo and Sevilha converge on Cordoba, while Madrid strikes Zaragoza and Burgos attacks Pamplona. Salamanca reinforces Madrid, and Vigo strengthens Burgos. Our forces are built up across the realm to sustain the campaign.
########## TURNO 15 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3922 | resposta 23487 | raciocinio 18282 | finish stop | ms 244129
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 8},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 4}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 16, \"toId\": 15, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 3}},\n    {\"fromId\": 19, \"toId\": 14, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 6}},\n    {\"fromId\": 20, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 6}},\n    {\"fromId\": 18, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 17, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 2}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Conquering Murcia and Burgos to expand territory and reach 11 villages. Reinforced Zaragoza and Teruel to prepare for attacks on Madrid and Toledo. Next turn: assess battles, repair losses, and plan the next pushes. Watch for enemy counterattacks on Zaragoza or Teruel.\",\n  \"statement\": \"Turn 15: I ordered the conquest of Murcia and Burgos to expand my territory. I sent knights from Valencia to Murcia and from Pamplona to Burgos. I reinforced my border villages of Zaragoza and Teruel to prepare for the next pushes into enemy territory. I also built troops in all my villages to grow my army.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B in a turn-based strategy game. I need to analyze the current state, decide on builds and movements, and output a JSON object with "build", "movements", "plan", and "statement".

Let's analyze the current state (Turn 15):
- My villages: 9 (Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Castellon, Zaragoza, Huesca, Valencia, Teruel, Pamplona).
- Total troops at home: 55 (9 spearman, 3 archer, 43 knight).
- Enemy capital is [0] Lisboa, but not required to win. Win condition: hold 18 of 24 villages for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.
- Enemy villages seen: [12] Madrid, [14] Burgos, [8] Toledo, [7] Salamanca (last seen).
- Neutral villages: [15] Murcia.
- Unexplored: [11] Cordoba, [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto, [10] Vigo, [3] Coimbra, [9] Sevilha, [5] Faro, [1] Santarem, [0] Lisboa, [2] Evora.

Let's look at the resources and troops available in each village:
- [22] Barcelona (Capital): wood 120, iron 30. Troops: 6 knight. Available to send: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 6 knight.
- [21] Tarragona: wood 30, iron 20. Troops: 16 (7 spearman, 1 archer, 8 knight). Available: 7 spearman, 1 archer, 8 knight.
- [23] Girona: wood 90, iron 20. Troops: 7 knight. Available: 7 knight.
- [18] Castellon: wood 90, iron 30. Troops: 2 knight. Available: 2 knight.
- [17] Zaragoza: wood 90, iron 30. Troops: 6 (2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight). Available: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight.
- [20] Huesca: wood 120, iron 30. Troops: 6 knight. Available: 6 knight.
- [16] Valencia: wood 120, iron 20. Troops: 3 knight. Available: 3 knight.
- [13] Teruel: wood 40, iron 20. Troops: 3 knight. Available: 3 knight.
- [19] Pamplona: wood 105, iron 40. Troops: 6 knight. Available: 6 knight.

Let's check the build capabilities:
Costs:
- spearman: 15 wood + 0 iron.
- archer: 20 wood + 10 iron.
- knight: 30 wood + 30 iron.

Can we build anything?
- [22] Barcelona: wood 120, iron 30. Can build 4 knights (needs 120 wood, 120 iron - no, only 30 iron). Can build 3 archers (needs 60 wood, 30 iron). Can build 8 spearmen (needs 120 wood, 0 iron). Let's build spearmen or archers. Or maybe 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and some spearmen? Let's build 4 spearmen (60 wood) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> total 80 wood, 10 iron. Or just 4 spearmen. Let's build 4 spearmen in Barcelona.
- [21] Tarragona: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearmen (30 wood). Let's build 1 archer.
- [23] Girona: wood 90, iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 4 spearmen (60 wood). Let's build 4 spearmen.
- [18] Castellon: wood 90, iron 30. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 4 spearmen (60 wood). Let's build 1 knight.
- [17] Zaragoza: wood 90, iron 30. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 4 spearmen (60 wood). Let's build 1 knight.
- [20] Huesca: wood 120, iron 30. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 8 spearmen (120 wood). Let's build 1 knight.
- [16] Valencia: wood 120, iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 8 spearmen (120 wood). Let's build 8 spearmen.
- [13] Teruel: wood 40, iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearmen (30 wood). Let's build 1 archer.
- [19] Pamplona: wood 105, iron 40. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 7 spearmen (105 wood). Let's build 1 knight.

Let's think about strategy.
We have 9 villages. We need 18 to win. We need to expand.
Enemy villages: Madrid [12], Burgos [14], Toledo [8], Salamanca [7], Lisboa [0], Santarem [1], Evora [2], Badajoz [4], Porto [6], Vigo [3], Coimbra [3], Sevilha [9], Cordoba [11], Faro [5]. Total enemy villages: 15? Let's count: 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 11, 12, 14. That's 13 enemy villages. Neutral: 15 (Murcia). Total 24.
We have 9. We need 18. We need to conquer 9 more villages, or eliminate the enemy.
The enemy has Madrid [12], Burgos [14], Toledo [8], Salamanca [7].
We have border villages: Zaragoza [17] bordering Madrid [12]; Teruel [13] bordering Toledo [8]; Pamplona [19] bordering Burgos [14].
We also have Valencia [16] bordering Murcia [15] (neutral) and Teruel [13].
Castellon [18] borders Teruel [13] and Valencia [16] and Tarragona [21].
Barcelona [22] borders Tarragona [21] and Girona [23].
Huesca [20] borders Zaragoza [17] and Pamplona [19] and Girona [23].

Let's look at the enemy garrisons:
- [12] Madrid: 7 spearmen, 6 archers, 2 knights. Defense 38.
- [14] Burgos: 6 spearmen. Defense 15.
- [8] Toledo: 1 spearman, 9 archers, 3 knights. Defense 33.
- [7] Salamanca: 9 spearmen, 7 archers, 3 knights (last seen).

We need to attack. But we must be careful.
Let's look at the march distances:
From [17] Zaragoza to [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
From [19] Pamplona to [14] Burgos: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
From [13] Teruel to [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

Let's plan attacks.
We can attack Burgos [14] from Pamplona [19]. Burgos has 6 spearmen, defense 15. We can send knights from Pamplona (6 knights) and maybe from Huesca [20] (6 knights) or Zaragoza [17] (2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight). But remember: troops from different villages fight alone! So sending 6 knights from Pamplona and 6 knights from Huesca means two separate battles. We need to overwhelming force in one attack.
Pamplona has 6 knights. Attack power: 6 * 4 = 24. Defense of Burgos: 15. Knights are fast. But wait, spearman counters knight. Burgos has 6 spearmen. The counter triangle: spearman counters knight. So if we attack with knights, the defender has spearmen, which counters knights! That means our force is multiplied by 1.5? No, "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5". Wait, "spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer."
If we attack with knights, and the defender has spearmen, the defender has the counter! So our attack force is multiplied by 1/1.5? Or the defender's force is multiplied by 1.5? "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So if we attack with knights, and they have spearmen, they have the counter, so their defense is multiplied by 1.5. If we attack with spearmen, and they have knights, we have the counter. If we attack with archers, and they have spearmen, we have the counter.
Wait, "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
If we send 6 knights, our most numerous is knight. Defender has 6 spearmen, most numerous is spearman. Spearman counters knight. So the defender has the counter. Their defense is multiplied by 1.5. So effective defense becomes 15 * 1.5 = 22.5. Our attack is 24. We might win but with heavy losses.
What if we send spearmen? We have 7 spearman in Tarragona, 2 in Zaragoza. But they are slow.
Let's look at Madrid [12]: 7 spearmen, 6 archers, 2 knights. Most numerous is spearman. If we attack with archers, we counter them. Archers counter spearman. We have 1 archer in Tarragona, 2 in Zaragoza, 1 in Teruel. Not many.
What if we attack with knights? Defender has spearman (most numerous), so defender counters us.
What if we attack with a mix? "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup". If we send 3 knights and 3 archers, most numerous is tie (knight vs archer? No, tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So archer is most numerous). If we send archers, we counter their spearman.

Let's think about the best target.
Burgos [14] has only 6 spearmen. Defense 15. If we attack with archers, we counter spearmen. But we don't have many archers. If we attack with knights, they counter us. If we attack with spearmen, it's neutral.
Wait, what about Murcia [15]? Neutral, 6 archers. Defense 15. If we attack with knights, we counter archers! Knights counter archers. So if we send knights to Murcia, we have the counter. Murcia has 6 archers. If we send 6 knights from Valencia [16] (3 knights) and Castellon [18] (2 knights)? No, they fight separately. Valencia has 3 knights. Attack power 12. Defense 15. With counter (knights counter archers), our attack is 12 * 1.5 = 18. Defense is 15. We win! But we take losses.
Wait, Valencia has 3 knights. Castellon has 2 knights. If we send both to Murcia, they arrive on the same turn but fight separately. So we would have two battles: 3 knights vs 6 archers, and 2 knights vs 6 archers. The first battle: 3 knights attack 12 * 1.5 = 18 vs 15 defense. We win. Second battle: 2 knights attack 8 * 1.5 = 12 vs 15 defense. We lose!
So we should only send one army. Valencia has 3 knights. We can send 3 knights from Valencia to Murcia. We win and conquer Murcia. That gives us 10 villages.
But wait, Valencia is interior, but it borders Murcia. March from Valencia to Murcia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So 1 turn for knights.
Let's check if we can reinforce Valencia first. We can send troops from Castellon [18] to Valencia [16] to make a larger army, then attack Murcia. But Castellon to Valencia is 1 turn. If we send them now, they arrive next turn. Then we can attack Murcia the turn after. But we want to conquer Murcia quickly.
Actually, we can just send 3 knights from Valencia to Murcia this turn. They will arrive next turn and fight. Meanwhile, we can build more troops.
Let's look at the enemy movements last turn:
- King A attacked [12] Madrid: VICTORY, conquered (wait, Madrid was enemy, now it's enemy? "King A attacked [12] Madrid: VICTORY, conquered" - maybe it was neutral or they conquered it from someone else? Or it was their own village and they defeated an attack? The text says "King A attacked [12] Madrid: VICTORY, conquered". But Madrid is listed as ENEMY (King A). So maybe they conquered it from a neutral or it was a defense against our attack? "You attacked [12] Madrid: DEFEAT (your army was lost)". So we attacked Madrid and lost. Then King A attacked Madrid and conquered? That doesn't make sense if it was already King A's. Maybe it was a neutral village that King A conquered? But it says "was 15, 5 turns ago" and "you attacked here 2x in the last 8 turns (1 conquered)". So maybe it was neutral and we conquered it, then lost it, and now King A conquered it back? Or it was always King A's and the "conquered" means they defeated our attack? The wording is confusing. But the current state is: Madrid is ENEMY (King A).
- King A attacked [16] Valencia: DEFEAT. So they attacked our Valencia and lost. Good, our defense held.
- Reinforcements arrived at [8] Toledo and [13] Teruel. Wait, Teruel is OUR village! "A reinforcement of King A (4 archers) arrived at [13] Teruel". How can they reinforce our village? Maybe they attacked and conquered it? But it says "You attacked [13] Teruel: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 2 troops)". So we conquered Teruel. But then how did King A reinforce it? Maybe the order of events is: we attacked Teruel and conquered it, but then King A attacked it and reconquered it? Or the reinforcement was sent before we conquered it and arrived after? The report says "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" lists multiple events. It says "A reinforcement of King A (4 archers) arrived at [13] Teruel". But Teruel is listed as OUR village in "YOUR VILLAGES". So maybe the reinforcement was sent to an enemy village that we then conquered? No, if we conquered it, it's ours. The report might have a timeline issue, or the reinforcement was actually sent to Toledo [8] and the text has a typo? "A reinforcement of King A (4 archers) arrived at [13] Teruel" - but Teruel is ours. Let's assume the current state is what matters: Teruel is ours, with 3 knights at home.

Let's focus on the immediate actions.
We have 9 villages. We need to expand.
Targets:
- Murcia [15]: Neutral, 6 archers, defense 15. March from Valencia [16]: 1 turn. We have 3 knights in Valencia. 3 knights attack 6 archers. Knights counter archers. Effective attack: 3 * 4 * 1.5 = 18. Defense: 15. We win, conquer Murcia. Let's do this. Send 3 knights from Valencia to Murcia.
- Burgos [14]: Enemy, 6 spearmen, defense 15. March from Pamplona [19]: 1 turn. We have 6 knights in Pamplona. 6 knights vs 6 spearmen. Spearmen counter knights. Effective defense: 15 * 1.5 = 22.5. Our attack: 6 * 4 = 24. We win but barely. We would take losses. Maybe we should wait until we have more troops or a counter. If we send spearmen from Tarragona [21] (7 spearman) to Pamplona, they take 2 turns. Or we can send archers. But we don't have many archers.
- Madrid [12]: Enemy, 7 spearmen, 6 archers, 2 knights, defense 38. March from Zaragoza [17]: 1 turn. We have 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight in Zaragoza. Not enough. We need to gather troops.
- Toledo [8]: Enemy, 1 spearman, 9 archers, 3 knights, defense 33. March from Teruel [13]: 1 turn. We have 3 knights in Teruel. 3 knights vs 9 archers, 1 spearman, 3 knights. Most numerous defender: archers. Knights counter archers! So we have the counter. Our attack: 3 * 4 * 1.5 = 18. Defense: 33. We lose.
- Salamanca [7]: Enemy, 9 spearmen, 7 archers, 3 knights. March from Zaragoza [17]: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. Too far.

Let's look at the unexplored villages. We need to explore to find more enemies or neutrals.
We can send troops to explore. But we don't have scout units, we just send armies. If we send an army to an unexplored village, they will fight if it's enemy, or conquer if neutral.
Unexplored: [11] Cordoba, [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto, [10] Vigo, [3] Coimbra, [9] Sevilha, [5] Faro, [1] Santarem, [0] Lisboa, [2] Evora.
Roads from our villages:
- From [13] Teruel: [8] Toledo, [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon.
- From [16] Valencia: [13] Teruel, [15] Murcia, [18] Castellon.
- From [15] Murcia: [11] Cordoba, [16] Valencia. So if we conquer Murcia, we can see Cordoba [11].
- From [17] Zaragoza: [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona.
- From [19] Pamplona: [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza, [20] Huesca.
- From [14] Burgos: [10] Vigo, [12] Madrid, [19] Pamplona. If we conquer Burgos, we can see Vigo [10].
- From [12] Madrid: [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza.
- From [8] Toledo: [4] Badajoz, [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel.
- From [11] Cordoba: [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia.
- From [9] Sevilha: [4] Badajoz, [5] Faro, [11] Cordoba.
- From [4] Badajoz: [1] Santarem, [5] Faro, [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha.
- From [7] Salamanca: [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto, [12] Madrid.
- From [3] Coimbra: [1] Santarem, [6] Porto, [7] Salamanca.
- From [6] Porto: [3] Coimbra, [7] Salamanca, [10] Vigo.
- From [10] Vigo: [6] Porto, [14] Burgos.
- From [1] Santarem: [0] Lisboa, [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz.
- From [0] Lisboa: [1] Santarem, [2] Evora.
- From [2] Evora: [0] Lisboa, [5] Faro.
- From [5] Faro: [2] Evora, [4] Badajoz, [9] Sevilha.

So, to explore the south (Sevilha, Cordoba, Faro, Evora, Lisboa), we need to go through Murcia [15] or Toledo [8] or Badajoz [4].
To explore the west (Porto, Coimbra, Santarem, Lisboa, Evora), we need to go through Salamanca [7] or Badajoz [4].
To explore the north (Vigo, Porto), we need to go through Burgos [14] or Salamanca [7].

Our immediate priorities:
1. Conquer Murcia [15] to expand south. Send 3 knights from Valencia [16] to Murcia [15].
2. Build troops in our villages to prepare for further attacks.
3. Consider attacking Burgos [14] or Toledo [8] or Madrid [12].

Let's calculate the resources we have and what we can build.
Total wood: 120+30+90+90+90+120+120+40+105 = 805.
Total iron: 30+20+20+30+30+30+20+20+40 = 240.
We can build a lot of troops. But each village has its own cap of 300 and its own resources.
Let's list builds for each village:
- [22] Barcelona: wood 120, iron 30. Can build 4 spearmen (60 wood) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 4 spearmen. Cost: 60 wood. Remaining: 60 wood, 30 iron.
- [21] Tarragona: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Let's build 1 archer. Cost: 20 wood, 10 iron. Remaining: 10 wood, 10 iron.
- [23] Girona: wood 90, iron 20. Can build 4 spearmen (60 wood). Let's build 4 spearmen. Cost: 60 wood. Remaining: 30 wood, 20 iron.
- [18] Castellon: wood 90, iron 30. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 1 knight. Cost: 30 wood, 30 iron. Remaining: 60 wood, 0 iron.
- [17] Zaragoza: wood 90, iron 30. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 1 knight. Cost: 30 wood, 30 iron. Remaining: 60 wood, 0 iron.
- [20] Huesca: wood 120, iron 30. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 1 knight. Cost: 30 wood, 30 iron. Remaining: 90 wood, 0 iron.
- [16] Valencia: wood 120, iron 20. Can build 8 spearmen (120 wood). Let's build 8 spearmen. Cost: 120 wood. Remaining: 0 wood, 20 iron.
- [13] Teruel: wood 40, iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Let's build 1 archer. Cost: 20 wood, 10 iron. Remaining: 20 wood, 10 iron.
- [19] Pamplona: wood 105, iron 40. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 1 knight. Cost: 30 wood, 30 iron. Remaining: 75 wood, 10 iron.

Total builds:
- 4 spearmen in Barcelona
- 1 archer in Tarragona
- 4 spearmen in Girona
- 1 knight in Castellon
- 1 knight in Zaragoza
- 1 knight in Huesca
- 8 spearmen in Valencia
- 1 archer in Teruel
- 1 knight in Pamplona

This will give us a good mix of troops.
Wait, Valencia has 3 knights at home. If we send them to Murcia, Valencia will have 0 troops at home, but we are building 8 spearmen there. So next turn it will have 8 spearmen. That's good for defense.
Teruel has 3 knights. We are building 1 archer. We might want to send some troops from Teruel to attack Toledo [8], but 3 knights is not enough (defense 33). Maybe we should send the 3 knights from Teruel to Valencia to help defend or to Murcia? But Valencia is sending 3 knights to Murcia. If we send Teruel's 3 knights to Murcia, they fight separately. Valencia's 3 knights vs 6 archers: win. Teruel's 3 knights vs 6 archers: win? Wait, if they arrive on the same turn, they fight separately. So we would have two battles: Valencia's 3 knights vs 6 archers, and Teruel's 3 knights vs 6 archers. Both would win! But then we would have two armies in Murcia? No, the rules say: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if we send 3 knights from Valencia and 3 knights from Teruel to Murcia, they fight two separate battles against the 6 archers. The first battle: 3 knights vs 6 archers. Knights counter archers. Attack: 12 * 1.5 = 18. Defense: 15. Win. The second battle: 3 knights vs the remaining archers? Or the same 6 archers? "each send fights alone, one at a time." It implies the defender fights each wave separately. So the 6 archers would fight 3 knights, then the remaining archers (if any) fight the next 3 knights. Since 3 knights beat 6 archers (effective attack 18 vs 15), the archers would be destroyed in the first battle. The second battle would have no defenders, so the second army just occupies the village. But wait, the first army takes losses and might be destroyed? "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So the 3 knights win but take losses. Maybe they are all killed? If they are all killed, the second army faces no defenders and conquers the village. But this is risky. It's better to send one large army. But we can't combine them before marching because they are in different villages. We could send Teruel's knights to Valencia first (1 turn), then next turn send them all to Murcia (1 turn). That takes 2 turns. But we can just send Valencia's 3 knights this turn and conquer Murcia in 1 turn. That's simpler.

Let's check the march from Valencia to Murcia: "march from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". Knights are fast, so 1 turn.
So we send 3 knights from Valencia to Murcia.

What about other movements?
We need to defend our borders.
- Zaragoza [17] borders Madrid [12]. Madrid has 7 spearmen, 6 archers, 2 knights. We have 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight in Zaragoza. Not enough to attack, but maybe enough to defend? The enemy might attack Zaragoza. We should reinforce Zaragoza. We can send troops from Huesca [20] (6 knights) or Tarragona [21] (7 spearman, 1 archer, 8 knight) or Barcelona [22] (6 knight). Tarragona to Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So 1 turn for knights. Let's send 6 knights from Huesca [20] to Zaragoza [17] to reinforce it. Huesca has 6 knights. If we send them, Huesca will have 0 troops, but we are building 1 knight there next turn. Zaragoza will have 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight + 6 knights = 8 knights, 2 spearman, 2 archer. That's a strong garrison.
- Teruel [13] borders Toledo [8]. Toledo has 1 spearman, 9 archers, 3 knights. We have 3 knights in Teruel. We should reinforce Teruel. We can send troops from Castellon [18] (2 knight) or Valencia [16] (but Valencia is sending troops to Murcia). Castellon has 2 knights. Castellon to Teruel: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Knights are fast, so 1 turn. Let's send 2 knights from Castellon to Teruel. Then Teruel will have 3 knights + 2 knights = 5 knights. That's better.
- Pamplona [19] borders Burgos [14]. Burgos has 6 spearmen. We have 6 knights in Pamplona. We could attack Burgos, but as calculated, 6 knights vs 6 spearmen: defense 15 * 1.5 = 22.5, attack 24. We win but take losses. Maybe we should wait for reinforcements. We can send troops from Huesca [20] to Pamplona. Huesca to Pamplona: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. But we are sending Huesca's 6 knights to Zaragoza. We could send them to Pamplona instead. Or we can send troops from Zaragoza to Pamplona? Zaragoza to Pamplona is 1 turn. But we are reinforcing Zaragoza.
Let's think about the overall strategy.
We need 18 villages. We have 9. Conquering Murcia gives us 10.
Then we need 8 more. The enemy has Madrid, Burgos, Toledo, Salamanca, and the unexplored ones. There are 13 enemy villages total (including capital). If we can conquer all of them, we win. But that's a lot.
Maybe we should focus on conquering the neutral villages first? There is only Murcia [15] neutral. Are there other neutrals? The unexplored ones might be neutral or enemy. "Neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type." So we want to conquer neutrals early.
Let's conquer Murcia this turn.
Then, we can look at the unexplored ones. From Murcia, we can see Cordoba [11]. From Cordoba, we can see Sevilha [9] and maybe others.
From Burgos, we can see Vigo [10].
From Madrid, we can see Salamanca [7] (already known).
From Toledo, we can see Badajoz [4] and Cordoba [11].
So we need to conquer some enemy villages to explore more.

Let's plan the attacks for next turns.
Turn 16:
- Conquer Murcia: send 3 knights from Valencia to Murcia.
- Build troops in all villages as planned.
- Send reinforcements: Huesca 6 knights to Zaragoza; Castellon 2 knights to Teruel.
- What about Pamplona? We have 6 knights there. We could send them to attack Burgos, but it's risky. Maybe we can send 6 knights from Pamplona to Burgos, and also send 6 knights from Huesca to Pamplona to reinforce? But Huesca is sending to Zaragoza. We could send Huesca's 6 knights to Pamplona instead, and send Zaragoza's troops to Pamplona? No, Zaragoza is a border village too.
Let's look at the map. Zaragoza borders Madrid (strong) and Teruel (ours) and Pamplona (ours) and Huesca (ours) and Tarragona (ours). Madrid is the biggest threat. Pamplona borders Burgos (weak, 6 spearmen). So attacking Burgos from Pamplona is a good idea if we can win with few losses.
Let's recalculate the battle at Burgos:
Attacker: 6 knights from Pamplona.
Defender: 6 spearmen in Burgos. Defense 15.
Counter: spearman counters knight. So defender has counter. Effective defense = 15 * 1.5 = 22.5.
Our attack: 6 * 4 = 24.
We win (24 > 22.5). But we take losses. "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." Our losses will be proportional to the defender's effective force. Since we only barely win, we might lose most of our knights. 24 vs 22.5. Attrition: our force is reduced by the defender's effective force? Or we lose troops equal to the difference? The rules don't specify exactly, but usually in these games, the winner loses troops equal to the loser's effective force divided by something, or just a fraction. "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." It might mean we lose some troops. If we lose all 6 knights, that's a big loss. We should try to get a counter or a better matchup.
What if we send spearmen? We have 7 spearmen in Tarragona. Tarragona to Pamplona: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Spearmen are slow, so 2 turns. If we send them now, they arrive in 2 turns. By then, we might have built more troops.
What if we send archers? Archers counter spearmen. We have 1 archer in Tarragona, 2 in Zaragoza, 1 in Teruel. Not enough.
What if we send a mix? If we send 3 knights and 3 archers, most numerous is tie (knight vs archer? Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So archer is most numerous). So we attack with archers. Archers counter spearmen. So we have the counter. Our attack: 3 archers * 2 = 6, 3 knights * 4 = 12. Total attack = 18. With counter (archers counter spearmen), our attack is multiplied by 1.5? "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So 18 * 1.5 = 27. Defense: 15. We win with a better margin. But we need to have 3 archers. We only have 1 in Tarragona, 2 in Zaragoza. We could send them to Pamplona first? That takes time.
Maybe we should just attack with the 6 knights and accept the losses. Or we can wait one turn to build more troops and send a counter.
Let's check if we can build archers in Pamplona. Pamplona has wood 105, iron 40. We can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). If we build 2 archers, next turn Pamplona will have 6 knights + 2 archers. Then we can send 6 knights and 2 archers to Burgos. Most numerous: knights (6 vs 2). So knights set the matchup. Defender has spearmen, so defender counters. Same problem.
If we build 4 archers? We don't have enough iron (40 iron, 4 archers need 40 wood, 40 iron - we have 105 wood, 40 iron. So we can build 4 archers? Cost: 4 * 20 wood = 80 wood, 4 * 10 iron = 40 iron. Yes! We can build 4 archers in Pamplona. Then Pamplona has 6 knights and 4 archers. Most numerous: knights (6 vs 4). Still knights set the matchup. We need more archers than knights to set the matchup to archers. We have 6 knights, so we need 7 archers. Not possible with the iron we have (40 iron max 4 archers).
What if we send some knights away first? We can send 3 knights from Pamplona to somewhere else, leaving 3 knights. Then build 4 archers. Then we have 3 knights and 4 archers. Most numerous: archers. Then we attack Burgos with 3 knights and 4 archers. Attack: 3*4 + 4*2 = 12 + 8 = 20. With counter (archers counter spearmen): 20 * 1.5 = 30. Defense: 15. We win easily! But sending 3 knights away takes a turn, and building 4 archers takes a turn. So we can do it in 2 turns.
Where to send the 3 knights? We can send them to Murcia to help conquer it? But Valencia is sending 3 knights to Murcia. If we send 3 knights from Pamplona to Murcia, they fight separately. Valencia's 3 knights vs 6 archers: win. Pamplona's 3 knights vs 6 archers: win. But we might not need them. We can send them to Zaragoza to reinforce it. Or to Teruel. Or just keep them.
Actually, we can just attack Burgos with the 6 knights and accept the losses. The losses might not be that bad. "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." If the loser's effective force is 22.5, and ours is 24, we lose some troops. Maybe we lose 2-3 knights. That's acceptable if we conquer Burgos. Burgos gives us a village and resources.
But wait, if we attack Burgos with 6 knights, we win but we might lose most of the knights. Then Burgos is ours, but we have few troops left. We can build more next turn.
Let's see if there's a better target. Madrid [12] has 7 spearmen, 6 archers, 2 knights. Defense 38. If we attack with knights, defender has spearmen (most numerous), so defender counters. Our attack would need to be very high.
Toledo [8] has 1 spearman, 9 archers, 3 knights. Defense 33. Most numerous: archers. Knights counter archers. So if we attack with knights, we have the counter! Our attack would be multiplied by 1.5. We have 3 knights in Teruel. 3 knights attack: 12 * 1.5 = 18. Defense 33. We lose. But if we send more knights to Teruel, we can win. Castellon has 2 knights. If we send them to Teruel, we have 5 knights. Attack: 20 * 1.5 = 30. Still less than 33. We need more. We can send knights from Valencia? But Valencia is sending to Murcia. We can send knights from Zaragoza? Zaragoza has 2 knights. Zaragoza to Teruel: 1 turn. If we send 2 knights from Zaragoza to Teruel, and 2 from Castellon, and 3 from Teruel itself, total 7 knights. Attack: 28 * 1.5 = 42. Defense 33. We win! But they fight separately! "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So we can't combine them for the attack. We would have to send them all to Teruel first, then next turn attack Toledo. That takes 2 turns.
So, to attack a village, we need to gather troops in one village first. That means sending reinforcements to the border village, then attacking next turn.
Let's plan for next turns:
Turn 15 (current):
- Send 3 knights from Valencia [16] to Murcia [15]. (Conquer Murcia next turn)
- Send 6 knights from Huesca [20] to Zaragoza [17] to reinforce it for the attack on Madrid.
- Send 2 knights from Castellon [18] to Teruel [13] to reinforce it for the attack on Toledo.
- Send 2 knights from Zaragoza [17] to Pamplona [19]? Or keep them. Zaragoza has 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. If we send the 2 knights to Pamplona, Zaragoza has 2 spearman, 2 archer. That's weak. Better to send reinforcements to Zaragoza (from Huesca) and keep the 2 knights there.
- What about Pamplona? We have 6 knights there. We can attack Burgos [14] this turn with the 6 knights. Let's do it. 6 knights vs 6 spearmen. We win (24 vs 22.5). We conquer Burgos. We might lose some knights, but we get a village.
Wait, if we attack Burgos from Pamplona, and also send Huesca's 6 knights to Zaragoza, we are stripping Pamplona of its troops? No, Pamplona's troops are attacking, so they leave Pamplona. Pamplona will be empty. We should reinforce Pamplona after the attack. But we can build troops there next turn (we planned to build 1 knight and maybe 4 archers).
Let's check the timing. If we send 6 knights from Pamplona to Burgos, they march 1 turn. Next turn, they arrive and fight. Pamplona will have no troops at home. We can build 1 knight and 4 archers in Pamplona this turn (cost: 30 wood + 30 iron for knight, 80 wood + 40 iron for 4 archers. Total 110 wood, 70 iron. We have 105 wood, 40 iron. So we can't build both. We can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) -> total 90 wood, 60 iron. We have 105 wood, 40 iron. So we can build 1 knight and 3 archers? 3 archers need 30 iron, knight needs 30 iron, total 60 iron. We only have 40 iron. So we can build 1 knight (30 iron) and 1 archer (10 iron) -> 40 iron. Or 4 archers (40 iron) and no knight. Let's build 4 archers. Cost: 80 wood, 40 iron. Remaining: 25 wood, 0 iron. Then Pamplona has 4 archers at home. That's okay for now.
But wait, if we send 6 knights to Burgos, we might lose some. If we lose all 6, we have 0 troops attacking? No, the attack is already sent. The losses happen after the battle. So the army that arrives is 6 knights. They fight and win, but take losses. The survivors return to Pamplona? Or do they stay in Burgos? "The winner also takes losses... The losing army is destroyed entirely; the winner takes losses and keeps marching." Wait, if we attack a village, the army stops there and fights. If they win, they conquer the village. Do they stay there as a garrison, or do they return? The rules don't explicitly say, but usually in these games, the army stays in the conquered village as a garrison, or you can order them to move. The report says "you attacked here 2x in the last 8 turns (1 conquered)". It implies the army conquers the village and then... maybe it becomes the garrison? Or it can be ordered to move. Let's assume the army stays in the conquered village as the initial garrison. So if we conquer Burgos with 6 knights, they will be the garrison of Burgos, but with losses. So Pamplona will be empty. We need to build troops in Pamplona to defend it. Building 4 archers gives some defense.
But is it worth it? Conquering Burgos gives us 10 villages. We need 8 more.
Let's think about the enemy counterattack. If we attack Burgos, the enemy might attack our other villages. Last turn, King A attacked Valencia and lost. They might attack again. We should make sure our villages are defended.
Valencia: we are sending its 3 knights to Murcia. So Valencia will have 0 troops at home. But we are building 8 spearmen there. So next turn it will have 8 spearmen. Defense 8. Not great, but okay.
Teruel: we are sending 2 knights from Castellon, so it will have 5 knights. Good.
Zaragoza: we are sending 6 knights from Huesca, so it will have 8 knights, 2 spearman, 2 archer. Very strong.
Pamplona: we are sending its 6 knights to Burgos, so it will have 0 troops, but we build 4 archers. Defense 4 archers * 2 = 8? Wait, defense in a village: archers have defense 2. 4 archers = 8 defense. Not great.
Barcelona: 6 knights, building 4 spearmen. Good.
Tarragona: 16 troops, building 1 archer. Good.
Girona: 7 knights, building 4 spearmen. Good.
Castellon: sending 2 knights to Teruel, so 0 troops. Building 1 knight. Next turn 1 knight.
Huesca: sending 6 knights to Zaragoza, so 0 troops. Building 1 knight. Next turn 1 knight.

So Pamplona and Castellon and Huesca will be weak next turn. The enemy might attack them. But the enemy is King A, who has Madrid, Toledo, Salamanca, Burgos, and the unexplored ones. They might attack Pamplona (bordering Burgos) or Zaragoza (bordering Madrid) or Teruel (bordering Toledo).
If we conquer Burgos, the enemy loses a village and we gain one. The enemy might try to retake it. But if we leave 4 archers in Pamplona, it can defend against a small attack.
Let's consider not attacking Burgos this turn. Instead, we can send reinforcements to Pamplona and attack next turn with a better composition.
For example, send 6 knights from Huesca to Pamplona. Then Pamplona has 12 knights. Attack Burgos with 12 knights. Attack: 48. Defense: 22.5. We win easily and take fewer losses. But Huesca to Pamplona is 1 turn. If we send them now, they arrive next turn. Then next turn we can attack Burgos with 12 knights. That means Burgos is attacked on turn 16, not 15. Is that okay? Yes, we don't need to attack immediately.
But wait, if we send Huesca's 6 knights to Pamplona, Zaragoza gets no reinforcements. Zaragoza has 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. That's 6 troops. Madrid has 7 spearmen, 6 archers, 2 knights. If the enemy attacks Zaragoza, they might win. We should reinforce Zaragoza.
We have a dilemma: Huesca can only send to one place.
What if we send Huesca's 6 knights to Zaragoza, and send Zaragoza's 2 knights to Pamplona? Zaragoza's 2 knights march 1 turn to Pamplona. Then Pamplona has 6 knights + 2 knights = 8 knights. Zaragoza has 2 spearman, 2 archer, and receives 6 knights from Huesca = 8 knights, 2 spearman, 2 archer. That works! But Zaragoza's 2 knights leave Zaragoza, so Zaragoza has 2 spearman, 2 archer until Huesca's knights arrive. They arrive on the same turn? "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." But they are going to different places. Zaragoza's knights go to Pamplona, Huesca's knights go to Zaragoza. They don't interact.
Wait, if we send Zaragoza's 2 knights to Pamplona, they march 1 turn. Huesca's 6 knights to Zaragoza march 1 turn. Both arrive next turn. So next turn, Pamplona has 6 (original) + 2 (from Zaragoza) = 8 knights. Zaragoza has 2 spearman, 2 archer + 6 knights (from Huesca) = 8 knights, 2 spearman, 2 archer. Perfect!
Then next turn (turn 16), we can attack Burgos from Pamplona with 8 knights. Attack: 32. Defense: 22.5. We win with margin.
And Zaragoza is strong enough to defend or even attack Madrid.
What about Castellon? We send 2 knights to Teruel. Teruel has 3 knights + 2 = 5 knights. We can attack Toledo next turn? 5 knights vs Toledo (1 spearman, 9 archers, 3 knights). Knights counter archers. Attack: 20 * 1.5 = 30. Defense: 33. We lose. We need more. We can send knights from Valencia to Teruel? But Valencia is sending 3 knights to Murcia. We could send Valencia's 3 knights to Teruel instead of Murcia, and send Teruel's 3 knights to Murcia? But Teruel to Murcia is not directly connected? Road network: Teruel [13] connects to Valencia [16] and Toledo [8] and Zaragoza [17] and Castellon [18]. Murcia [15] connects to Valencia [16] and Cordoba [11]. So to get to Murcia from Teruel, we have to go through Valencia. So Teruel's troops can't directly go to Murcia without passing through Valencia. If we send them to Valencia, they join Valencia's garrison. Then next turn we can send them to Murcia. That takes 2 turns.
So, Valencia's 3 knights can go to Murcia directly (1 turn). Teruel's 3 knights could go to Valencia (1 turn), then to Murcia (another turn). Not efficient.
Let's stick with Valencia 3 knights to Murcia.
What about the attack on Toledo? We need more knights in Teruel. We can send knights from Castellon (2) and maybe from Zaragoza? Zaragoza has 2 knights. If we send Zaragoza's 2 knights to Teruel, Zaragoza has 2 spearman, 2 archer. Then Huesca's 6 knights reinforce Zaragoza. So Zaragoza has 2 spearman, 2 archer, 6 knights. That's fine. Teruel gets 2 from Castellon and 2 from Zaragoza = 4, plus 3 original = 7 knights. 7 knights attack: 28 * 1.5 = 42 vs Toledo defense 33. We win! But they fight separately? No, if we send them to Teruel first, they all arrive at Teruel and become its garrison. Then next turn we can send them all to Toledo. They will fight as one army of 7 knights. That works!
So, movements for turn 15:
- Valencia [16] -> Murcia [15]: 3 knights.
- Huesca [20] -> Zaragoza [17]: 6 knights.
- Zaragoza [17] -> Pamplona [19]: 2 knights. (Wait, Zaragoza has 2 knights. If we send them, Zaragoza has 2 spearman, 2 archer. Huesca's 6 knights arrive next turn. So Zaragoza is safe.)
- Castellon [18] -> Teruel [13]: 2 knights.
- Zaragoza [17] -> Teruel [13]: 2 knights? But Zaragoza only has 2 knights. If we send them to Pamplona, we can't send them to Teruel. We need to choose. We can send Zaragoza's 2 knights to Teruel, and send Huesca's 6 knights to Zaragoza. Then Pamplona keeps its 6 knights. We can attack Burgos with 6 knights from Pamplona this turn? But we decided to wait for reinforcements. If we don't send reinforcements to Pamplona, we can attack Burgos with 6 knights now, or wait.
Let's evaluate the risks.
Option A: Attack Burgos now with 6 knights from Pamplona. Risk: high losses, Pamplona becomes empty.
Option B: Send Huesca 6 knights to Pamplona, Zaragoza 2 knights to Pamplona? No, Zaragoza to Pamplona is 1 turn. Huesca to Pamplona is 1 turn. Then Pamplona has 6+2+6=14 knights. Then attack Burgos next turn with 14 knights. But Zaragoza loses its 2 knights and gets no reinforcements, so Zaragoza has only 2 spearman, 2 archer. That's weak.
Option C: Send Huesca 6 knights to Zaragoza, Zaragoza 2 knights to Teruel, Castellon 2 knights to Teruel. Then Teruel has 3+2+2=7 knights. Zaragoza has 2 spearman, 2 archer, 6 knights. Pamplona has 6 knights (untouched). Then next turn, we can attack Toledo from Teruel with 7 knights, and attack Burgos from Pamplona with 6 knights (or wait). But if we attack Burgos with 6 knights, we take losses. We could instead send Pamplona's 6 knights to Teruel? No, they are far.
Option D: Focus on one front. Let's focus on the south: Murcia, then Cordoba, Sevilha, etc. Or the north: Burgos, then Vigo, Porto, etc.
We need 8 more villages. The enemy has 13 villages. We can't conquer all of them easily. We should expand where the enemy is weak.
Burgos is weak (6 spearmen, defense 15). Toledo is medium (defense 33). Madrid is strong (defense 38).
Let's look at the unexplored villages. If we conquer Murcia, we can see Cordoba [11]. Cordoba might be weak. If we conquer Burgos, we can see Vigo [10].
Maybe we should just attack Burgos now with 6 knights, accept the losses, and use the other troops to reinforce other places.
Let's calculate the losses for 6 knights vs 6 spearmen.
Effective attack = 24. Effective defense = 22.5.
Difference = 1.5. The winner takes losses. How many? In many games, losses are proportional to the enemy's force. If we assume losses = enemy's effective force / our effective force * our troops? Or just a fixed ratio. Since the rules don't specify, I'll assume we lose some troops but not all. Maybe 2-3 knights. So we'd have 3-4 knights left to garrison Burgos. That's okay. We can build more in Pamplona next turn.
But wait, if we attack Burgos, the 6 knights leave Pamplona. Pamplona is then empty. The enemy might attack Pamplona. But the enemy is King A, who is in Madrid, Toledo, Salamanca. Do they have an army near Pamplona? Burgos is between Pamplona and Madrid. If we conquer Burgos, the enemy can't attack Pamplona directly because they have to go through Burgos. So Pamplona becomes safe from immediate attack. The enemy would need to retake Burgos first. So Pamplona being empty is okay for one turn.
So, attacking Burgos now is viable.
What about the other attacks? We can send Valencia's 3 knights to Murcia. That's a sure conquest.
We can send Huesca's 6 knights to Zaragoza to defend against Madrid.
We can send Castellon's 2 knights to Teruel to defend against Toledo.
We can send Zaragoza's 2 knights to Teruel? Or keep them. Zaragoza has 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. If we send the 2 knights, Zaragoza has 2 spearman, 2 archer. Huesca's 6 knights arrive, so Zaragoza has 2 spearman, 2 archer, 6 knights. That's strong. If we keep the 2 knights, Zaragoza has 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight, and receives 6 knights = 8 knights, 2 spearman, 2 archer. Even stronger. But we don't need that much strength in Zaragoza. We can send the 2 knights to Teruel to help attack Toledo.
Let's check the march from Zaragoza to Teruel: "march from [17] Zaragoza: ... to [13] Teruel" - wait, the report says "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Barcelona. For Zaragoza, it says "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza" but that's for other villages. The road network shows Zaragoza [17] connects to Madrid [12], Teruel [13], Pamplona [19], Huesca [20], Tarragona [21]. So Zaragoza to Teruel is 1 turn? The report doesn't give the march time from Zaragoza to Teruel explicitly, but since they are directly connected, and the speed is "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for most nearby villages, it's likely 1 turn. Let's assume 1 turn for knights.
So we can send Zaragoza's 2 knights to Teruel. They arrive next turn.
Then Teruel has 3 knights (original) + 2 (from Castellon) + 2 (from Zaragoza) = 7 knights. Next turn, we can attack Toledo with 7 knights. That's a good plan.
But wait, if we send Zaragoza's 2 knights to Teruel, Zaragoza has only 2 spearman, 2 archer. Then Huesca's 6 knights arrive, so Zaragoza has 2 spearman, 2 archer, 6 knights. That's still a good defense.
What about Pamplona? We attack Burgos with 6 knights. So Pamplona's troops leave. We need to build troops in Pamplona. We can build 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) as planned. That gives Pamplona 4 archers. Defense 8. Not great, but Burgos is now ours, so the enemy has to go through Burgos to reach Pamplona. If we leave a garrison in Burgos (the surviving knights), that will defend it. But the knights that attacked will be in Burgos after the battle. So Burgos will have some knights. Pamplona will have 4 archers. That's okay.
Let's refine the builds:
- [22] Barcelona: build 4 spearmen (60 wood). Remaining: 60 wood, 30 iron.
- [21] Tarragona: build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Remaining: 10 wood, 10 iron.
- [23] Girona: build 4 spearmen (60 wood). Remaining: 30 wood, 20 iron.
- [18] Castellon: send 2 knights to Teruel. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: 60 wood, 0 iron. (Wait, Castellon has 90 wood, 30 iron. Send 2 knights? No, we send the troops that are already there. The 2 knights are already at home. We just order them to march. We don't "build" them; they are already built. So Castellon's troops at home: 2 knight. We send them. Then Castellon has 0 troops. We build 1 knight. Cost: 30 wood, 30 iron. Remaining: 60 wood, 0 iron.)
- [17] Zaragoza: send 2 knights to Teruel. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: 60 wood, 0 iron. (Zaragoza has 90 wood, 30 iron. Troops at home: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. Send 2 knight. Build 1 knight. Cost: 30 wood, 30 iron.)
- [20] Huesca: send 6 knights to Zaragoza. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: 90 wood, 0 iron. (Huesca has 120 wood, 30 iron. Send 6 knights. Build 1 knight.)
- [16] Valencia: send 3 knights to Murcia. Build 8 spearmen (120 wood). Remaining: 0 wood, 20 iron. (Valencia has 120 wood, 20 iron. Send 3 knights. Build 8 spearmen.)
- [13] Teruel: keep 3 knights. Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Remaining: 20 wood, 10 iron. (Teruel has 40 wood, 20 iron. Build 1 archer.)
- [19] Pamplona: send 6 knights to Burgos. Build 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron). Remaining: 25 wood, 0 iron. (Pamplona has 105 wood, 40 iron. Send 6 knights. Build 4 archers.)

Wait, if we send 6 knights from Pamplona to Burgos, they march 1 turn. Next turn, they fight. Pamplona will have 4 archers at home.
But what about the enemy's turn? The enemy writes orders simultaneously. They don't know our orders. They might attack Burgos? No, Burgos is theirs. They might attack Pamplona? They can't reach it without going through Burgos. They might attack Zaragoza or Teruel or Valencia.
We are reinforcing Zaragoza with 6 knights from Huesca. Zaragoza will have 2 spearman, 2 archer, 6 knights = 10 troops. Good defense.
Teruel will have 3 knights (original) + 2 (from Castellon) + 2 (from Zaragoza) = 7 knights, plus 1 archer built. So 8 troops. Good.
Valencia will have 8 spearmen built, but the 3 knights are sent to Murcia. So Valencia has 8 spearmen at home. Defense 8 spearmen * 2 = 16? Wait, defense in a village: spearman defense 2. 8 spearmen = 16 defense. That's decent.
Castellon will have 1 knight built. Defense 2? Knight defense 2. Weak, but it's interior and no enemy borders it. The road network: Castellon [18] connects to Teruel [13], Valencia [16], Tarragona [21]. No enemy directly borders Castellon. So it's safe.
Huesca will have 1 knight built. Connects to Zaragoza [17], Pamplona [19], Girona [23]. No enemy borders. Safe.
Barcelona, Tarragona, Gironona are interior and safe.
So our borders are: Zaragoza (reinforced), Teruel (reinforced), Valencia (8 spearmen), Pamplona (4 archers, but after sending knights, it's weak until Burgos is conquered). Wait, Pamplona borders Burgos. If we send our 6 knights to attack Burgos, Pamplona has only 4 archers at home. If the enemy attacks Pamplona from Burgos, they would have to have troops in Burgos. But Burgos is enemy. So the enemy could attack Pamplona from Burgos. Burgos has 6 spearmen. If they attack Pamplona, they send 6 spearmen. Pamplona has 4 archers. Defense: 4 archers * 2 = 8. Location bonus: Pamplona is a village? "effective defense (location bonus included): 15" for Pamplona. Wait, the report says Pamplona's effective defense is 15. That includes the location bonus. But that's with the current troops (6 knights). If we send the knights away, the defense will be lower. The effective defense is calculated based on the troops. 4 archers have defense 2 each = 8. In a village, defense counts x1.25. So 8 * 1.25 = 10. Not 15. So Pamplona's defense would be 10. If the enemy attacks with 6 spearmen, their attack is 6. They would lose. But they might have reinforcements from Madrid or elsewhere.
This is a risk. Maybe we should not send all 6 knights from Pamplona. We could send only 3 knights, leaving 3 knights to defend Pamplona. But then the attack on Burgos is weaker.
Let's check if we can send troops from another village to Pamplona to defend it. Huesca is sending to Zaragoza. We could send Huesca's 6 knights to Pamplona instead, and send Zaragoza's 2 knights to Zaragoza? No.
What if we don't attack Burgos this turn? We can just send reinforcements and build, and attack next turn.
Let's consider the enemy's possible actions. The enemy is King A. They have Madrid, Toledo, Salamanca, Burgos. They might attack our border villages: Zaragoza, Teruel, Pamplona. They might also send troops to unexplored areas.
Last turn, King A attacked Madrid (conquered) and Valencia (defeated). They also sent reinforcements to Toledo and Teruel (but Teruel is ours now, so maybe that was a typo or they sent to Toledo and Salamanca? The report says "A reinforcement of King A (4 archers) arrived at [13] Teruel" - but we conquered Teruel. Maybe the timeline is: we attacked Teruel and conquered it, but the reinforcement was already marching and arrived after? Or the report is just listing events in no particular order. Regardless, Teruel is ours now.
The enemy might try to retake Teruel. Toledo is close (1 turn). Toledo has 1 spearman, 9 archers, 3 knights. They could attack Teruel with that force. Our Teruel will have 7 knights + 1 archer. 7 knights vs 1 spearman, 9 archers, 3 knights. Most numerous defender: archers. Knights counter archers. Our attack: 28 * 1.5 = 42. Their defense: 33. We win. So Teruel is safe.
Zaragoza: Madrid has 7 spearmen, 6 archers, 2 knights. Zaragoza will have 2 spearman, 2 archer, 6 knights. If Madrid attacks Zaragoza: most numerous attacker: spearmen (7). Our most numerous: knights (6). Spearmen counter knights. So attacker has counter. Their attack: 7 spearmen = 7, 6 archers = 12, 2 knights = 8. Total attack = 27. With counter (spearmen counter knights): 27 * 1.5 = 40.5. Our defense: Zaragoza effective defense with those troops? The report says Zaragoza's effective defense is 15 with current troops (2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight). If we have 2 spearman, 2 archer, 6 knights, the defense will be higher. Let's calculate: spearman defense 2, archer defense 2, knight defense 2. Total defense = 2*2 + 2*2 + 6*2 = 4 + 4 + 12 = 20. In a village, x1.25 = 25. So our defense is 25. Their attack is 40.5. They win! So Zaragoza is not safe against a full attack from Madrid. We need more troops in Zaragoza.
If we send Huesca's 6 knights to Zaragoza, we have 8 knights, 2 spearman, 2 archer. Defense = 8*2 + 2*2 + 2*2 = 16 + 4 + 4 = 24. x1.25 = 30. Their attack: 40.5. Still they win.
We need to send even more troops to Zaragoza, or build more there. Zaragoza has wood 90, iron 30. We can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). That adds 1 knight. Defense becomes 31.25. Still less than 40.5.
We could send troops from Tarragona to Zaragoza. Tarragona has 7 spearman, 1 archer, 8 knight. Tarragona to Zaragoza: 1 turn. If we send, say, 4 knights from Tarragona to Zaragoza, Zaragoza would have 12 knights, 2 spearman, 2 archer. Defense = 12*2 + 4 + 4 = 24 + 8 = 32. x1.25 = 40. Their attack is 40.5. Very close. A tie favors the defender. So we might win.
But this is getting complicated. Maybe we should focus on attacking the enemy rather than defending. If we can conquer Madrid, the threat is gone. But Madrid has defense 38. We need a big army.
Let's think about the long term. We need 18 villages. We have 9. We can get Murcia (10) and Burgos (11) easily. Then we need 7 more. The unexplored villages might be neutral or enemy. There are 10 unexplored. If some are neutral, we can conquer them easily. If they are enemy, we have to fight.
Maybe we should send some troops to explore. For example, send 3 knights from Valencia to Murcia (conquer), then from Murcia we can see Cordoba. Next turn, we can send troops to Cordoba.
Also, we can send troops from Pamplona to Burgos (conquer), then from Burgos we can see Vigo.
We can also send troops from Zaragoza to Madrid? No, Madrid is enemy, we would fight. But we can send a small army to Salamanca? Salamanca is 2 turns away.
Let's look at the unexplored villages and their distances:
- From Valencia [16] to Murcia [15]: 1 turn. Murcia is neutral.
- From Murcia [15] to Cordoba [11]: 1 turn? Road: Murcia [15] connects to Valencia [16] and Cordoba [11]. So yes, 1 turn.
- From Teruel [13] to Toledo [8]: 1 turn. Toledo is enemy.
- From Zaragoza [17] to Madrid [12]: 1 turn. Madrid is enemy.
- From Pamplona [19] to Burgos [14]: 1 turn. Burgos is enemy.
- From Burgos [14] to Vigo [10]: 1 turn? Road: Burgos [14] connects to Vigo [10], Madrid [12], Pamplona [19]. So yes, 1 turn.
- From Madrid [12] to Salamanca [7]: 1 turn? Road: Madrid [12] connects to Salamanca [7], Toledo [8], Burgos [14], Zaragoza [17]. So yes, 1 turn.
- From Salamanca [7] to Porto [6], Coimbra [3], Badajoz [4]: 1 turn each.
- From Toledo [8] to Badajoz [4], Cordoba [11]: 1 turn each.
- From Cordoba [11] to Sevilha [9]: 1 turn.
- From Sevilha [9] to Faro [5], Badajoz [4]: 1 turn.
- From Faro [5] to Evora [2]: 1 turn.
- From Evora [2] to Lisboa [0]: 1 turn.
- From Badajoz [4] to Santarem [1]: 1 turn.
- From Santarem [1] to Lisboa [0], Coimbra [3]: 1 turn.
- From Porto [6] to Vigo [10], Coimbra [3]: 1 turn.

So the map is well connected. We can expand in multiple directions.
Our immediate goals for turn 15:
1. Conquer Murcia (send 3 knights from Valencia).
2. Conquer Burgos (send 6 knights from Pamplona). This gives us 2 new villages.
3. Reinforce Zaragoza (send 6 knights from Huesca) and Teruel (send 2 from Castellon, 2 from Zaragoza) to prepare for attacks on Madrid and Toledo.
4. Build troops in all villages.

Let's check the resources for builds again.
We need to make sure we don't order builds that we can't afford.
- Barcelona: wood 120, iron 30. Build 4 spearmen (60 wood). OK.
- Tarragona: wood 30, iron 20. Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). OK.
- Girona: wood 90, iron 20. Build 4 spearmen (60 wood). OK.
- Castellon: wood 90, iron 30. Send 2 knights. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). OK.
- Zaragoza: wood 90, iron 30. Send 2 knights. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). OK.
- Huesca: wood 120, iron 30. Send 6 knights. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). OK.
- Valencia: wood 120, iron 20. Send 3 knights. Build 8 spearmen (120 wood). OK.
- Teruel: wood 40, iron 20. Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). OK.
- Pamplona: wood 105, iron 40. Send 6 knights. Build 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron). OK.

Wait, Pamplona has 105 wood, 40 iron. 4 archers cost 80 wood, 40 iron. Remaining 25 wood, 0 iron. OK.
But wait, Pamplona's troops at home: 6 knights. We send all 6. So Pamplona has 0 troops at home. We build 4 archers. So next turn Pamplona has 4 archers. That's fine.
What about the enemy's reaction? If the enemy attacks Pamplona with the 6 spearmen from Burgos, they would arrive next turn. But we are attacking Burgos with our 6 knights. The enemy's 6 spearmen are in Burgos. If the enemy orders an attack on Pamplona, they would send the 6 spearmen from Burgos to Pamplona. That would happen simultaneously with our attack on Burgos. So our 6 knights march to Burgos, and their 6 spearmen march to Pamplona. They would cross each other? Roads: Burgos [14] connects to Pamplona [19]. So they are on the same road. "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there: head-on, or when one catches up with the other on the same stretch of road." So if both armies march at the same time on the same road, they would meet and fight in an open-field battle! That would be bad. Our 6 knights vs their 6 spearmen on the road. Open field: both count attack, no location bonus. Knights attack 4, spearmen attack 1. But spearmen counter knights! So their attack is multiplied by 1.5? "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So if they have spearmen and we have knights, they have the counter. Their effective attack: 6 spearmen = 6, but with counter 1.5 = 9. Our attack: 6 knights = 24. But wait, in open field, both count attack. The side with higher effective force wins. Our force: 24. Their force: 9? No, they have 6 spearmen, attack 1 each = 6. With counter, 9. But they also have defense? In open field, "BOTH armies count their ATTACK, and neither gets a location bonus". So it's just attack vs attack. Our attack is 24, their attack is 9. We win easily. But wait, the counter triangle: "spearman counters knight". So if we have knights and they have spearmen, they have the counter. Does that mean their attack is multiplied by 1.5, or our attack is divided? "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So their force is multiplied by 1.5. Their force is 6 spearmen * 1 attack = 6. Multiplied by 1.5 = 9. Our force is 6 knights * 4 attack = 24. No counter for us. So we have 24 vs 9. We win. But we take losses. "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So we lose some troops. But we would still win and continue marching? "The losing army is destroyed entirely; the winner takes losses and keeps marching." So our knights would defeat the spearmen on the road, take losses, and continue to Burgos? Or would they stop? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". If they meet the enemy army on the road before reaching Burgos, they fight there. If they win, they keep marching? "keeps marching" implies they continue to their destination. But if they meet the enemy army, that army is destroyed. Then they would reach Burgos and fight the garrison? Or if the garrison already left, they might find it empty. This is complex.
Actually, if both armies are ordered to march at the same time, they might meet on the road. The enemy might not even order an attack on Pamplona. They might just defend Burgos. We can't predict the enemy's orders. We have to assume they will act in their best interest. But since orders are simultaneous, we just write our orders and hope for the best.
To avoid a meeting on the road, we could not attack Burgos this turn. Instead, we can send reinforcements to Pamplona and attack next turn. That avoids the risk of a road battle.
Let's consider the risk vs reward. If we attack Burgos now, we might win and conquer it, but we could also lose troops on the road if the enemy attacks simultaneously. If we wait, we can attack with more troops and from a position of strength.
Given that we need to expand, and Burgos is weak, I think attacking it is worth the risk. But let's see if we can mitigate the risk. If we send 6 knights from Pamplona to Burgos, and the enemy sends 6 spearmen from Burgos to Pamplona, they meet on the road. Our knights will win (24 vs 9), take losses, and continue to Burgos. Burgos will be empty (since the spearmen left). We conquer it without a siege. That's actually great! We get Burgos with no garrison fight. But we take losses on the road. How many losses? Attrition against the loser's effective force. Loser's force is 9. Our force is 24. We might lose some knights. Maybe 9/24 of our army? That would be about 2 knights. So we'd have 4 knights left. They reach Burgos, which is empty, and we conquer it. Then we have 4 knights as garrison. That's a good outcome.
If the enemy does not send the spearmen, they stay in Burgos. Our 6 knights arrive, fight the 6 spearmen in the village. We win (24 vs 22.5), take losses, and conquer. We might have 3 knights left. Similar outcome.
So attacking now seems fine.
What about the other fronts? Valencia to Murcia: Murcia is neutral. The enemy can't interfere because they don't have access to Murcia (it's surrounded by our villages and unexplored). So that's safe.
Zaragoza and Teruel: we are sending reinforcements. The enemy might attack Zaragoza from Madrid, or Teruel from Toledo. We are reinforcing both. We can't control the enemy's orders, but we are making our defenses as strong as possible.
Let's finalize the orders.

Builds:
- Barcelona: 4 spearman
- Tarragona: 1 archer
- Girona: 4 spearman
- Castellon: 1 knight
- Zaragoza: 1 knight
- Huesca: 1 knight
- Valencia: 8 spearman
- Teruel: 1 archer
- Pamplona: 4 archer

Movements:
- Valencia [16] to Murcia [15]: 3 knights
- Pamplona [19] to Burgos [14]: 6 knights
- Huesca [20] to Zaragoza [17]: 6 knights
- Castellon [18] to Teruel [13]: 2 knights
- Zaragoza [17] to Teruel [13]: 2 knights

Wait, Zaragoza has 2 knights. If we send them to Teruel, Zaragoza has 2 spearman, 2 archer. Huesca's 6 knights arrive next turn. So Zaragoza will have 2 spearman, 2 archer, 6 knights. That's good.
But what if the enemy attacks Zaragoza this turn? Zaragoza currently has 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. The enemy might attack from Madrid. If they attack, our current garrison will fight. We can't reinforce until next turn. That's a risk. But we can't send reinforcements faster than 1 turn. We have to accept that.
If we don't send Zaragoza's 2 knights to Teruel, Zaragoza has 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight, and receives 6 knights from Huesca next turn. That's a stronger defense. But Teruel only gets 2 knights from Castellon, so it has 5 knights. That might not be enough to defend against a Toledo attack. But Teruel is further from Toledo? Actually, Teruel borders Toledo. If Toledo attacks Teruel, they send their garrison. Our 5 knights vs their 1 spearman, 9 archers, 3 knights. Attack: 20 * 1.5 = 30. Defense: 33. We lose. So we need those extra 2 knights from Zaragoza to make it 7 knights (attack 42) to win.
So sending Zaragoza's 2 knights to Teruel is important for the defense/offense on that front.
What about Zaragoza's defense? If Madrid attacks Zaragoza, they have 7 spearmen, 6 archers, 2 knights. Our Zaragoza has 2 spearman, 2 archer (after sending knights). Attack from Madrid: most numerous spearmen (7). They counter our knights? We have no knights if we send them away. We have only spearman and archer. Most numerous defender: spearman (2) and archer (2) - tie, breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So spearman is most numerous. Enemy has spearmen, so they counter? Wait, spearman counters knight, not spearman. If both have spearmen, no counter. The counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. If both have spearmen, no one gets a counter bonus. So enemy attack: 7 spearmen (7) + 6 archers (12) + 2 knights (8) = 27. No counter. Our defense: 2 spearman (2*2=4) + 2 archer (2*2=4) = 8. In village x1.25 = 10. They win easily. So Zaragoza is vulnerable regardless. We need to send more reinforcements. Huesca's 6 knights will arrive next turn, but if the enemy attacks this turn, they attack before the reinforcements arrive. So Zaragoza might fall. We can't prevent that if the enemy attacks with their full force. We could send some troops from Tarragona to Zaragoza? Tarragona has 7 spearman, 1 archer, 8 knight. Tarragona to Zaragoza: 1 turn. If we send, say, 4 knights from Tarragona to Zaragoza, Zaragoza would have 2 spearman, 2 archer, 4 knights (from Tarragona) + 2 knights (original, if we keep them) = 6 knights. But we are sending the 2 original knights to Teruel. So if we send 4 knights from Tarragona, Zaragoza has 2 spearman, 2 archer, 4 knights. Defense: 4*2 + 2*2 + 2*2 = 8 + 4 + 4 = 16. x1.25 = 20. Enemy attack 27. Still lose.
We could send more. Tarragona has 8 knights. If we send all 8, Zaragoza has 8 knights, 2 spearman, 2 archer. Defense: 8*2 + 4 + 4 = 24. x1.25 = 30. Enemy attack 27. We win! But then Tarragona is empty. Tarragona is interior and safe, but we need troops there for future attacks.
This is the dilemma of a small empire. We have to choose where to commit our forces.
Maybe we should just accept that Zaragoza might be attacked, but we can't defend it perfectly. The enemy might not attack. They might defend Madrid. We can't know.
Let's look at the big picture. We have 9 villages. We are sending troops to conquer Murcia and Burgos. That will give us 11. We need 7 more. The enemy has Madrid, Toledo, Salamanca, and the unexplored ones (likely many). We need to start carving out their territory.
I think the plan is solid. Let's write the JSON.

Wait, I need to double-check the troop counts and resources.
- Valencia: wood 120, iron 20. Troops at home: 3 knight. Send 3 knights to Murcia. Build 8 spearmen (120 wood). Remaining wood 0, iron 20. OK.
- Pamplona: wood 105, iron 40. Troops at home: 6 knight. Send 6 knights to Burgos. Build 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron). Remaining wood 25, iron 0. OK.
- Huesca: wood 120, iron 30. Troops at home: 6 knight. Send 6 knights to Zaragoza. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining wood 90, iron 0. OK.
- Castellon: wood 90, iron 30. Troops at home: 2 knight. Send 2 knights to Teruel. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining wood 60, iron 0. OK.
- Zaragoza: wood 90, iron 30. Troops at home: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. Send 2 knights to Teruel. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining wood 60, iron 0. OK.
- Teruel: wood 40, iron 20. Troops at home: 3 knight. Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Remaining wood 20, iron 10. OK.
- Barcelona: wood 120, iron 30. Troops at home: 6 knight. Build 4 spearmen (60 wood). Remaining wood 60, iron 30. OK.
- Tarragona: wood 30, iron 20. Troops at home: 7 spearman, 1 archer, 8 knight. Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Remaining wood 10, iron 10. OK.
- Girona: wood 90, iron 20. Troops at home: 7 knight. Build 4 spearmen (60 wood). Remaining wood 30, iron 20. OK.

Wait, Tarragona has 8 knights. We are not sending any troops from Tarragona. We are just building 1 archer. That's fine.
Girona has 7 knights. We build 4 spearmen. Fine.
Barcelona has 6 knights. We build 4 spearmen. Fine.

Now, let's think about the "plan" and "statement".
Plan: I should write a note to myself about what I'm doing and what to watch for.
Statement: A short text for the audience about what I did this turn.

Let's draft the plan:
"Conquering Murcia with 3 knights from Valencia and Burgos with 6 knights from Pamplona to expand territory. Reinforced Zaragoza with 6 knights from Huesca and Teruel with 2 knights from Castellon and 2 from Zaragoza to prepare for attacks on Madrid and Toledo. Built troops across all villages. Next turn: assess the battles, repair losses, and plan attacks on Madrid and Toledo. Watch for enemy counterattacks on Zaragoza or Teruel."

Statement:
"Turn 15: I ordered the conquest of Murcia and Burgos to expand my territory. I sent knights from Valencia to Murcia and from Pamplona to Burgos. I reinforced my border villages of Zaragoza and Teruel to prepare for the next pushes into enemy territory. I also built troops in all my villages to grow my army. I am confident these moves will bring me closer to victory."

Let's check the JSON format.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 8},
    {"villageId": 13, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 19, "type": "archer", "quantity": 4}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 16, "toId": 15, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 3}},
    {"fromId": 19, "toId": 14, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 6}},
    {"fromId": 20, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 6}},
    {"fromId": 18, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 17, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}}
  ],
  "plan": "...",
  "statement": "..."
}

Wait, the movements from Zaragoza to Teruel: Zaragoza has 2 knights. We send them. But Zaragoza also has 2 spearman and 2 archer. We are not sending them. The JSON only includes the troops we are sending. So `{"fromId": 17, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}}` is correct.
Also, from Castellon to Teruel: Castellon has 2 knights. We send them. `{"fromId": 18, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}}`.
From Huesca to Zaragoza: Huesca has 6 knights. We send them. `{"fromId": 20, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 6}}`.
From Pamplona to Burgos: Pamplona has 6 knights. We send them. `{"fromId": 19, "toId": 14, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 6}}`.
From Valencia to Murcia: Valencia has 3 knights. We send them. `{"fromId": 16, "toId": 15, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 3}}`.

Are there any other movements? We could send troops from Tarragona to Zaragoza, but we decided not to, to keep Tarragona's strength.
What about Barcelona? No movements.
Girona? No.
So the movements are these 5.

Let's double-check the build quantities and resources.
- Barcelona: 4 spearmen. Cost: 4 * 15 = 60 wood. Has 120 wood. OK.
- Tarragona: 1 archer. Cost: 20 wood, 10 iron. Has 30 wood, 20 iron. OK.
- Girona: 4 spearmen. Cost: 60 wood. Has 90 wood. OK.
- Castellon: 1 knight. Cost: 30 wood, 30 iron. Has 90 wood, 30 iron. OK.
- Zaragoza: 1 knight. Cost: 30 wood, 30 iron. Has 90 wood, 30 iron. OK.
- Huesca: 1 knight. Cost: 30 wood, 30 iron. Has 120 wood, 30 iron. OK.
- Valencia: 8 spearmen. Cost: 8 * 15 = 120 wood. Has 120 wood. OK.
- Teruel: 1 archer. Cost: 20 wood, 10 iron. Has 40 wood, 20 iron. OK.
- Pamplona: 4 archers. Cost: 4 * 20 = 80 wood, 4 * 10 = 40 iron. Has 105 wood, 40 iron. OK.

All builds are affordable.

Now, let's think about the "plan" text. It should be 2 to 4 lines, useful, not eloquent.
"Conquering Murcia and Burgos to expand territory. Reinforced Zaragoza and Teruel for next attacks. Next turn: assess battles, repair losses, and plan attacks on Madrid and Toledo. Watch for enemy counterattacks on Zaragoza or Teruel."

"statement" text: 2 to 4 lines, telling the audience what I did this turn.
"Turn 15: I ordered the conquest of Murcia and Burgos to expand my territory. I sent knights from Valencia to Murcia and from Pamplona to Burgos. I reinforced my border villages of Zaragoza and Teruel to prepare for the next pushes into enemy territory. I also built troops in all my villages to grow my army."

Let's check the length. Plan is about 600 characters? Let's count.
"Conquering Murcia and Burgos to expand territory. Reinforced Zaragoza and Teruel for next attacks. Next turn: assess battles, repair losses, and plan attacks on Madrid and Toledo. Watch for enemy counterattacks on Zaragoza or Teruel." -> ~250 characters. Fine.
Statement: "Turn 15: I ordered the conquest of Murcia and Burgos to expand my territory. I sent knights from Valencia to Murcia and from Pamplona to Burgos. I reinforced my border villages of Zaragoza and Teruel to prepare for the next pushes into enemy territory. I also built troops in all my villages to grow my army." -> ~350 characters. Fine.

One more check: The enemy capital is Lisboa [0]. We don't need to take it. We need 18 villages. We have 9, adding Murcia and Burgos makes 11. We need 7 more. The plan should mention that we are working towards 18.
Maybe add to plan: "Goal: reach 18 villages."
But the plan is for next turn, so it's okay.

Let's review the rules about simultaneous orders: "the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." So the enemy sees the map as it is now. They might attack our villages. We have to be prepared. Our reinforcements are sent to border villages, which is good.

What about the "FOI executado" note from last turn? It says "envio [18]->[13]: FOI executado, com a quantidade reduzida ao estoque real (pediu 7 cavaleiro, enviado 5)". That was about sending from Castellon [18] to Teruel [13]. Last turn we sent 5 knights (asked for 7, only had 5). This turn, Castellon has 2 knights at home (it had 7, sent 5, so 2 left). Wait, the report says Castellon has 2 knights at home. So that matches. We are sending those 2 now.

Everything seems consistent.

Let's produce the final JSON.

ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"arqueiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":16,"destinoId":15,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":3}},{"origemId":19,"destinoId":14,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":6}},{"origemId":20,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":6}},{"origemId":18,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":17,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":2}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [18]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [17]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [20]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [13]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [19]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [19]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [19]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [19]
ACEITO envio [16]->[15]: 3K (alvo neutra arqueiro)
ACEITO envio [19]->[14]: 6K
ACEITO envio [20]->[17]: 6K
ACEITO envio [18]->[13]: 2K
ACEITO envio [17]->[13]: 2K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Conquering Murcia and Burgos to expand territory and reach 11 villages. Reinforced Zaragoza and Teruel to prepare for attacks on Madrid and Toledo. Next turn: assess battles, repair losses, and plan the next pushes. Watch for enemy counterattacks on Zaragoza or Teruel.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): Turn 15: I ordered the conquest of Murcia and Burgos to expand my territory. I sent knights from Valencia to Murcia and from Pamplona to Burgos. I reinforced my border villages of Zaragoza and Teruel to prepare for the next pushes into enemy territory. I also built troops in all my villages to grow my army.
COMBATE [12] Madrid: atacante A Fatk=35 (ef 53) Fdef=14 (ef 18) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~6
COMBATE [16] Valencia: atacante A Fatk=8 (ef 8) Fdef=8 (ef 15) vant=-1 -> vence defensor | baixas~2
REFORCO [8] Toledo dono A: 1S+5A+3K
REFORCO [13] Teruel dono A: 4A
REFORCO [1] Santarem dono A: 4K
REFORCO [10] Vigo dono A: 3A+1K
REFORCO [10] Vigo dono A: 3S+1K
COMBATE [13] Teruel: atacante B Fatk=20 (ef 30) Fdef=20 (ef 25) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~8
COMBATE [12] Madrid: atacante B Fatk=8 (ef 8) Fdef=30 (ef 56) vant=-1 -> vence defensor | baixas~2
placar: A 13 ald/tropas 21 | B 9 ald/tropas 36 | neutras 2 | transito 13 (A 8 | B 5)

########## TURNO 16 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3856 | resposta 21612 | raciocinio 21612 | finish content_filter | ms 267327
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: We are King A, currently holding 14 of 24 villages. We need to hold 18 for 2 consecutive turns or eliminate all enemy villages. The enemy capital is Barcelona [22], but taking it is not required to win.

We have 14 villages, with troops at home and resources. We need to plan builds and movements for this turn.

Let's analyze the current state:

Our villages:
[0] Lisboa: 2 archer, 0 spearman, 0 knight. Wood 30, iron 50. Effective defense 6.
[1] Santarem: 5 archer, 8 knight, 0 spearman. Wood 40, iron 30. Defense 33.
[2] Evora: 3 archer, 2 knight, 0 spearman. Wood 30, iron 40. Defense 13.
[3] Coimbra: 2 archer, 3 knight, 0 spearman. Wood 50, iron 30. Defense 13.
[4] Badajoz: 6 archer, 0 knight, 0 spearman. Wood 30, iron 40. Defense 15.
[5] Faro: 0 archer, 4 knight, 0 spearman. Wood 65, iron 20. Defense 10.
[6] Porto: 2 archer, 2 knight, 0 spearman. Wood 50, iron 20. Defense 10.
[7] Salamanca: 1 archer, 0 knight, 0 spearman. Wood 40, iron 90. Defense 3.
[8] Toledo: 2 archer, 0 knight, 0 spearman. Wood 30, iron 40. Defense 5.
[10] Vigo: 0 archer, 2 knight, 0 spearman. Wood 60, iron 20. Defense 5.
[9] Sevilha: 6 archer, 2 knight, 2 spearman. Wood 30, iron 20. Defense 25.
[11] Cordoba: 11 archer, 3 knight, 3 spearman. Wood 0, iron 0. Defense 43.
[12] Madrid: 2 archer, 0 knight, 6 spearman. Wood 50, iron 30. Defense 20.
[17] Zaragoza: 4 archer, 1 knight, 4 spearman. Wood 90, iron 20. Defense 23.

Enemy villages we can see:
[13] Teruel: 1 archer, 7 knights. Defense 20.
[14] Burgos: 3 knights. Defense 8.
[15] Murcia: 2 knights. Defense 5.
[19] Pamplona: 4 archers. Defense 10.
[20] Huesca: 1 knight. Defense 3.
[21] Tarragona: 7 spearmen, 2 archers, 8 knights. Defense 43.

Known from before:
[18] Castellon: last seen 5 knights.
[16] Valencia: last seen 2 knights.

Unexplored: [22] Barcelona (enemy capital), [23] Girona.

Road network: We need to consider march distances.

Our goal: Hold 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns. We currently have 14. We need to capture 4 more villages and hold them for 2 turns. Alternatively, eliminate all enemy villages. The enemy has many villages, including the capital. Eliminating all might be hard, so focusing on capturing and holding 18 is better.

We need to identify which enemy villages we can attack and capture. We have troops available to send. We must also build troops to reinforce our villages.

Let's check resources and build possibilities:

We can build troops in our villages. Each village has its own resources. We need to check if we can build anything.

List of villages with resources and available troops to build:

We need to consider the cost:
spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron
archer: 20 wood, 10 iron
knight: 30 wood, 30 iron

We must only order builds that the village can pay for now.

Let's check each village:

[0] Lisboa: wood 30, iron 50. Can build: spearman (15/0) -> can build 2 (30 wood). Archer (20/10) -> can build 1 (20 wood, 10 iron). Knight (30/30) -> can build 1 (30 wood, 30 iron). But we have 2 archer at home, and we can send them. We might want to build more. However, we need to consider the cap of 300 troops per village. Currently low.

[1] Santarem: wood 40, iron 30. Can build: spearman (15/0) -> 2 (30 wood). Archer (20/10) -> 2 (40 wood, 20 iron) but only 30 iron, so can build 1 archer? Actually, 20 wood and 10 iron per archer. With 40 wood and 30 iron, we can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Knight (30/30) -> can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). We have 5 archer, 8 knight at home. We might want to build more.

[2] Evora: wood 30, iron 40. Can build: spearman: 2 (30 wood). Archer: 1 (20 wood, 10 iron). Knight: 1 (30 wood, 30 iron).

[3] Coimbra: wood 50, iron 30. Can build: spearman: 3 (45 wood). Archer: 2 (40 wood, 20 iron). Knight: 1 (30 wood, 30 iron).

[4] Badajoz: wood 30, iron 40. Can build: spearman: 2 (30 wood). Archer: 1 (20 wood, 10 iron). Knight: 1 (30 wood, 30 iron).

[5] Faro: wood 65, iron 20. Can build: spearman: 4 (60 wood). Archer: 1 (20 wood, 10 iron) but only 20 iron, so 1 archer. Knight: cannot (needs 30 iron).

[6] Porto: wood 50, iron 20. Can build: spearman: 3 (45 wood). Archer: 1 (20 wood, 10 iron). Knight: cannot.

[7] Salamanca: wood 40, iron 90. Can build: spearman: 2 (30 wood). Archer: 2 (40 wood, 20 iron). Knight: 3 (90 wood? Actually, knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. With 40 wood, we can build 1 knight (30 wood) and then 10 wood left. But we have 90 iron, so we can build multiple knights? Wood is limiting: 40 wood allows 1 knight (30 wood) and then 10 wood left. We could build 1 knight and then maybe 2 archers? Let's calculate: we have 40 wood, 90 iron. Knight: 30 wood, 30 iron -> 1 knight uses 30 wood, 30 iron. Remaining: 10 wood, 60 iron. Then we can build archers: 20 wood, 10 iron. With 10 wood, we cannot build archer. Spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron. With 10 wood, cannot. So only 1 knight possible? Actually, we could build 2 archers if we had more wood. But we only have 40 wood. So we can build 1 knight and that's it for wood. But we can also build archers if we use wood for them? We need to decide. Alternatively, we can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) and no knights. Or 2 spearmen (30 wood) and then 10 wood left. But we have plenty of iron. Since we need troops, we might want to build knights because they are powerful. But we need to consider the cap and the need for specific types.

[8] Toledo: wood 30, iron 40. Can build: spearman: 2 (30 wood). Archer: 1 (20 wood, 10 iron). Knight: 1 (30 wood, 30 iron).

[10] Vigo: wood 60, iron 20. Can build: spearman: 4 (60 wood). Archer: 1 (20 wood, 10 iron). Knight: cannot (needs 30 iron).

[9] Sevilha: wood 30, iron 20. Can build: spearman: 2 (30 wood). Archer: 1 (20 wood, 10 iron). Knight: cannot (needs 30 iron).

[11] Cordoba: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build anything.

[12] Madrid: wood 50, iron 30. Can build: spearman: 3 (45 wood). Archer: 2 (40 wood, 20 iron). Knight: 1 (30 wood, 30 iron).

[17] Zaragoza: wood 90, iron 20. Can build: spearman: 6 (90 wood). Archer: 1 (20 wood, 10 iron). Knight: cannot (needs 30 iron).

We need to decide what to build and where. We also need to send troops to attack or reinforce.

Let's look at the enemy villages we can attack. We need to capture villages to increase our count. We have 14, need 18. So we need 4 more villages. We can attack enemy villages that are weak.

Enemy villages:
[13] Teruel: defense 20, garrison: 1 archer, 7 knights. This is a border village with [8] Toledo. We can attack from Toledo, but we need to consider the garrison. We have troops in Toledo: 2 archer. We can send from other villages too. But we need to gather troops.

[14] Burgos: defense 8, garrison: 3 knights. Border with [10] Vigo and [12] Madrid. We can attack from Vigo or Madrid.

[15] Murcia: defense 5, garrison: 2 knights. Border with [11] Cordoba. We can attack from Cordoba.

[19] Pamplona: defense 10, garrison: 4 archers. Border with [17] Zaragoza and [14] Burgos. We can attack from Zaragoza or Burgos.

[20] Huesca: defense 3, garrison: 1 knight. Border with [17] Zaragoza. We can attack from Zaragoza.

[21] Tarragona: defense 43, garrison: 7 spearmen, 2 archers, 8 knights. This is a strong village. Border with [17] Zaragoza. We might not attack it yet.

[18] Castellon: last seen 5 knights. Not directly visible, but we know it's enemy. Border with [13] Teruel, [16] Valencia, [21] Tarragona. We can attack from Teruel if we capture it.

[16] Valencia: last seen 2 knights. Border with [13] Teruel, [15] Murcia, [18] Castellon. We can attack from Teruel or Murcia.

[22] Barcelona: enemy capital, unknown garrison. Border with [21] Tarragona and [23] Girona.

[23] Girona: unexplored, border with [20] Huesca and [22] Barcelona.

We need to plan a campaign. Our previous plan was to attack Cordoba and Zaragoza, which we did. Now we have them. We need to expand further.

We have 14 villages. To get to 18, we need 4 more. The easiest captures seem to be:
- [15] Murcia: defense 5, from Cordoba.
- [20] Huesca: defense 3, from Zaragoza.
- [14] Burgos: defense 8, from Vigo or Madrid.
- [19] Pamplona: defense 10, from Zaragoza or Burgos.
- [13] Teruel: defense 20, might be harder.

We also need to consider that the enemy may attack us. We need to defend our border villages. Our border villages: [8] Toledo, [10] Vigo, [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [17] Zaragoza. They have defenses: Toledo 5, Vigo 5, Cordoba 43, Madrid 20, Zaragoza 23. Cordoba is strong. Toledo and Vigo are weak. We might want to reinforce them.

We have troops at home in our interior villages that we can send to reinforce border villages or to attack.

Let's list the available troops to send from each village (the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" in the report):

[0] Lisboa: 0 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight (attack power 4)
[1] Santarem: 0 spearman, 5 archer, 8 knight (attack power 42)
[2] Evora: 0 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight (attack power 14)
[3] Coimbra: 0 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight (attack power 16)
[4] Badajoz: 0 spearman, 6 archer, 0 knight (attack power 12)
[5] Faro: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 4 knight (attack power 16)
[6] Porto: 0 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight (attack power 12)
[7] Salamanca: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight (attack power 2)
[8] Toledo: 0 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight (attack power 4)
[10] Vigo: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight (attack power 8)
[9] Sevilha: 2 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight (attack power 22)
[11] Cordoba: 3 spearman, 11 archer, 3 knight (attack power 37)
[12] Madrid: 6 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight (attack power 10)
[17] Zaragoza: 4 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight (attack power 16)

We can send troops from these villages to attack enemy villages or to reinforce our own.

We need to decide on a strategy. Since we need 4 villages, we can try to capture multiple weak ones. We can attack from multiple directions.

Consider the enemy's possible moves: they might attack our border villages. We need to be prepared. Our border villages with low defense: Toledo (5), Vigo (5). We should reinforce them.

Also, we need to build troops to replenish and grow. We have many villages with resources. We should build troops that we need. We need to consider the counter triangle: spearman counters knight, archer counters spearman, knight counters archer. The enemy has many knights (in Teruel, Burgos, Murcia, etc.) and some archers (Pamplona) and spearmen (Tarragona). We need to counter appropriately.

For attacking, we want to use troops that counter the enemy's troops. But we also need to consider the effective force calculation.

Let's analyze the enemy garrisons and what we might send:

[15] Murcia: 2 knights. Defense 5. To capture, we need to defeat the garrison. The effective defense is 5 (including location bonus). We need to send troops with higher attack. Knights are weak against spearmen? Actually, spearman counters knight (1.5x bonus). But spearman attack is 1, knight defense is 2. So spearman vs knight: spearman attack 1 * 1.5 = 1.5, knight defense 2. So spearman is not very effective. Actually, the counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. So against knights, we want spearmen. But spearman attack 1 vs knight defense 2: effective attack 1.5, so it's 1.5 vs 2, still lower. But if we have many spearmen, they can win. Alternatively, we can use archers? Archer vs knight: archer attack 2, knight defense 2, no counter, so 2 vs 2. Knight vs archer: knight attack 4, archer defense 2, so knight is better. So against knights, we want spearmen to get the bonus, but even then, spearman is not great. Actually, the counter bonus multiplies your force by 1.5. So if we have spearmen attacking knights, our spearman attack 1 becomes 1.5. The knight defense is 2. So it's still lower. But if we have many spearmen, the effective force is compared. We need to have a higher effective force than the defender's effective defense. The defender's effective defense is given as 5 for Murcia. That already includes the location bonus. So we need to send troops with total attack power (after counter) greater than 5. Since we are attacking, we count our attack, they count defense. The effective defense is 5. So we need our attack to be >5. If we send, say, 4 archers (attack 2 each = 8) vs defense 5, we win. But archers vs knights: the most numerous type sets the counter. If we send only archers, they are the most numerous. Archer vs knight: archer does not counter knight, so no bonus. Our attack is 8, their defense is 5, we win. But we need to consider that the garrison has 2 knights. The knights will also attack us? In combat, when you attack, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. So the defender's troops don't attack, they only defend. So we only need to overcome their defense. The effective defense number already includes the location bonus and the troops' defense. So we just need to send troops with total attack > effective defense. But we also need to consider the counter triangle: if we have a mix, the most numerous type sets the counter matchup. If we send only archers, no counter. If we send a mix with spearmen as the most numerous, we get the spearman vs knight bonus? But the defender's troops are knights. The counter is based on the most numerous type of each army. So if we send spearmen, they counter knights. But our spearmen attack is 1, with bonus 1.5. If we send, say, 6 spearmen, total attack 9, which is >5. So we could win. But we need to consider losses.

We should aim for a decisive victory with minimal losses. We can send a mix that ensures we win.

We also have the option to send troops from multiple villages, but they fight separately. So we should send from one village to attack a target, or we can send from multiple but they arrive at different times? Actually, if we send from multiple villages to the same enemy village, they will march and fight separately. They might arrive on the same turn if the march times are the same. But the report says: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So we cannot combine forces from different villages to attack one target in one battle. We need to send from one village per attack, or if we send from multiple, they will fight sequentially, which might be bad because the first send might be defeated and then the second arrives later. So it's better to send from one village per target, or coordinate so that they arrive at different times to reinforce? Actually, if we send from multiple villages to the same enemy village, they will fight one at a time. The first arrival will fight the garrison. If it wins, it captures the village, and then the second arrival will arrive at a village that is now ours, so it will reinforce? But if the first arrival is defeated, the second might also be defeated. So it's better to send a single strong force.

We need to decide which villages to attack and from where.

Let's list possible attacks with available troops:

Attack [15] Murcia from [11] Cordoba: Cordoba has 3 spearman, 11 archer, 3 knight. Attack power 37. Effective defense of Murcia is 5. We can send a small force. We don't need to send all. We can send, say, 3 archer and 1 knight? But we need to consider the garrison: 2 knights. If we send archers, they don't counter knights. But our attack power will likely exceed 5. For example, 2 knights (attack 4 each = 8) vs defense 5, win. But we might want to use spearmen to counter. Actually, we can send 3 spearman (attack 1 each = 3, with counter against knights? The garrison has 2 knights, so if we send spearmen, they counter knights. But the most numerous type: if we send only spearmen, they are the most numerous. Spearman vs knight: counter bonus 1.5. So 3 spearman attack = 3 * 1.5 = 4.5, which is less than 5. So we might lose. If we send 4 spearman: 4 * 1.5 = 6 > 5. So we could send 4 spearman from Cordoba? But Cordoba only has 3 spearman available to send. We can send all 3 spearman and maybe some archers? If we send a mix, the most numerous type sets the counter. If we send 3 spearman and 1 archer, spearman are most numerous, so counter is spearman vs knight. Our total attack: spearman: 3 * 1.5 = 4.5, archer: 2 (no counter) = 2, total 6.5 > 5. So we win. But we need to check the exact mechanics: the effective force is calculated by summing the attack of all troops, but the counter bonus applies to the whole army? The rule: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So if we have 3 spearman and 1 archer, spearman is most numerous, so the counter matchup is spearman vs knight (since defender has knights). Then our effective force is: spearman attack * 1.5 + archer attack * 1? Or does the bonus apply to all? The rule says: "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It says "your force" which might mean the entire army's attack is multiplied by 1.5? Or just the count of that type? The wording: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." This suggests that if your most numerous type counters the enemy's most numerous type, your entire force gets multiplied by 1.5. But then it says: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup". So we need to determine the most numerous type of the enemy. In Murcia, garrison is 2 knights. So enemy most numerous is knight. If we send spearmen as most numerous, we have the counter (spearman counters knight), so our force is multiplied by 1.5. So if we send 3 spearman and 1 archer, our total attack is (3*1 + 1*2) = 5, multiplied by 1.5 = 7.5. That would be >5. But wait, the rule says "multiplies your force by 1.5". It might mean the effective force is 1.5 times the total attack. So that would be 7.5. That seems plausible. But we need to be careful: the example in the report: "your army marching [14] Burgos -> [19] Pamplona was DESTROYED (6 spearmen); the enemy army lost 1 troop (effective force 9 vs 24, no location bonus in the open)." That was an open field battle. In that case, the effective force was 9 vs 24. If we had 6 spearmen, their total attack is 6. If they had counter, it would be 9. So 6 * 1.5 = 9. So yes, the multiplier applies to the total attack of the attacking army if they have the counter. So if we send 3 spearman (attack 3) and 1 archer (attack 2), total attack 5, with counter becomes 7.5. That would beat defense 5.

But we need to consider that the defender's effective defense is already given as 5. That number includes the location bonus and the troops' defense. So we just need our effective attack (after counter) to be greater than that number. So we can send a small force.

However, we also need to consider that after we capture, the village will have our troops, and we might want to leave some to defend. But we can send reinforcements later.

We should plan to capture multiple villages this turn. We can send attacks from different villages to different targets.

Let's list easy captures:
- [15] Murcia: defense 5, from Cordoba. March distance: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So it takes 1 turn for fast troops, 1 for medium, 1 for slow? Actually, the march time is given as "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means if we send only slow troops, it takes 1 turn? Wait, it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means the travel time is 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast? That seems all 1 turn. But usually, slow troops take longer. The notation might mean: if we send a mix, the march takes the time of the slowest. For example, from Toledo to Teruel: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" might mean that the distance is such that slow troops take 1 turn, medium take 1 turn, fast take 1 turn? That would be unusual. Let's check the report: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" for Lisboa. So from Lisboa to Toledo, slow takes 3 turns, medium 2, fast 1. So the numbers are the travel time in turns for each speed. So for Cordoba to Murcia: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means all take 1 turn. So it's a 1-turn march regardless of speed. So we can send any troops and they arrive next turn.

- [20] Huesca: defense 3, from Zaragoza. March: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" from Zaragoza. So 1 turn.

- [14] Burgos: defense 8, from Vigo or Madrid. From Vigo: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? The report says: "[10] Vigo | BORDER with [14] (enemy) | ... march from [10] Vigo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" Actually, the report says for Vigo: "from here to your nearest border village [14] Burgos: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? Wait, in the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" section, for [14] Burgos: "march from [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". For Vigo, it says: "[10] Vigo | BORDER with [14] (enemy) | ... AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight (attack power if all sent: 8) from here to your nearest border village [14] Burgos: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? Actually, the report for Vigo says: "from here to your nearest border village [14] Burgos: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? Let's check the text: "[10] Vigo | BORDER with [14] (enemy) | wood 60 (+30/turn) | iron 20 (+20/turn) | effective defense (location bonus included): 5 | troops at home: 2 / 300
    AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight (attack power if all sent: 8)
    from here to your nearest border village [14] Burgos: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
Yes, so from Vigo to Burgos is 1 turn for all. From Madrid to Burgos is also 1 turn.

- [19] Pamplona: defense 10, from Zaragoza: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So fast troops take 1 turn, medium 1, slow 2. From Burgos: "march from [14] Burgos: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? Actually, the report for Pamplona says: "march from [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". It doesn't list from Burgos, but the road network shows Burgos connected to Pamplona. So we can attack from Burgos if we capture it first? But we don't have Burgos yet.

- [13] Teruel: defense 20, from Toledo: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So 1 turn.

We also have [16] Valencia (last seen 2 knights) and [18] Castellon (5 knights) that we could attack after capturing neighboring villages.

We need to decide which to attack first. We want to capture 4 villages. We can try to capture Murcia, Huesca, Burgos, and maybe Teruel or Pamplona. But we need to have enough troops.

We also need to consider that the enemy might attack our villages this turn. We need to reinforce our weak border villages: Toledo (defense 5) and Vigo (defense 5). They are bordering enemy villages: Toledo borders Teruel (enemy) and also connected to Madrid, etc. Vigo borders Burgos (enemy). If the enemy attacks from Teruel or Burgos, they could capture our villages. We should send reinforcements to Toledo and Vigo to increase their defense.

We can send troops from interior villages to these border villages. For example, from Santarem (which has many troops) we can send to Toledo? But Santarem is connected to Lisboa, Coimbra, Badajoz. To get to Toledo, we need to go through Badajoz? The road network: Santarem [1] connects to [0] Lisboa, [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz. Badajoz [4] connects to [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. So from Santarem to Toledo, we would go via Badajoz. That would take time. We need to check march times. The report gives march times from each village to its nearest border village. For Santarem, it says: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So we can send from Santarem directly to Toledo? It says "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo". That implies we can send troops from Santarem to Toledo, and the march time is 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. So it's a direct path? Actually, the road network shows Santarem connected to Badajoz, and Badajoz to Toledo. So the march time is the total travel time along roads. So we can send from Santarem to Toledo, and it will take 2 turns for slow troops, 2 for medium, 1 for fast. So if we send fast troops (knights), they arrive in 1 turn. If we send slow (spearman), 2 turns. So we can reinforce Toledo from Santarem in 1 turn if we send knights.

Similarly, we can send from other villages to Toledo or Vigo.

We need to plan our moves for this turn. We can send troops to attack enemy villages and also send reinforcements to our own border villages.

Let's list the actions we might take:

1. Attack [15] Murcia from [11] Cordoba. We can send a force from Cordoba. Cordoba has 3 spearman, 11 archer, 3 knight. We can send, say, 3 spearman and 3 archer? Or all? We need to leave some to defend Cordoba? Cordoba has defense 43, which is high. But we might want to send a strong force to capture quickly. Since Murcia defense is only 5, we don't need many. We can send 2 knights (attack 8) and win. But we might want to preserve troops. Let's send 2 knights from Cordoba? Cordoba has 3 knights. If we send 2 knights, they attack 4 each = 8, vs defense 5, win. But knights are expensive and we might want to use them elsewhere. Alternatively, send 3 archer and 1 knight? Archer attack 2 each = 6, knight 4 = 10, total 10 > 5. But we need to consider the counter: if we send a mix, the most numerous type sets the counter. If we send 3 archer and 1 knight, archer is most numerous. Enemy has 2 knights, so enemy most numerous is knight. Archer does not counter knight, so no bonus. Our attack 10 vs defense 5, win. We could also send 4 spearman? But Cordoba only has 3 spearman available. We can send all 3 spearman and 1 archer: total attack 3*1 + 2 = 5, with counter (spearman vs knight) becomes 7.5 > 5. So that works. We need to decide which troops to send. We might want to keep some troops in Cordoba for defense, but Cordoba has 17 troops at home, and its defense is 43. The enemy might attack Cordoba? It borders Murcia (enemy) and also connected to Sevilha and Toledo. The enemy could attack from Murcia. But Murcia is weak. So Cordoba is relatively safe. We can send some troops away.

2. Attack [20] Huesca from [17] Zaragoza. Huesca defense 3, garrison 1 knight. Zaragoza has 4 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight. We can send a small force. For example, 2 archer (attack 4) vs defense 3, win. Or 1 knight (attack 4) vs 3, win. Or 3 spearman (attack 3) vs 3? 3 vs 3, tie favors defender. So we need >3. So 4 spearman (attack 4) wins. But we might want to send a mix. Since Huesca has 1 knight, if we send spearmen, they counter. 3 spearman attack 3 * 1.5 = 4.5 > 3. So 3 spearman would win. Zaragoza has 4 spearman, so we can send 3 spearman. Or we can send 2 archer and 1 knight? Let's decide.

3. Attack [14] Burgos from [10] Vigo or [12] Madrid. Burgos defense 8, garrison 3 knights. Vigo has 2 knights (attack 8). If we send both knights from Vigo, attack 8 vs defense 8, tie? Tie favors defender. So we need >8. So 2 knights is not enough. We could send from Madrid: Madrid has 6 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight. If we send spearmen, they counter knights. 6 spearman attack 6 * 1.5 = 9 > 8. So we can send 6 spearman from Madrid to Burgos. But Madrid has 8 troops at home, and its defense is 20. If we send all 6 spearman, we leave 2 archer. That might weaken Madrid. Madrid borders Burgos and also Zaragoza and Toledo. The enemy could attack Madrid from Burgos or Zaragoza? Actually, Madrid is connected to Burgos (enemy), Zaragoza (ours), Toledo (ours), Salamanca (ours). So the only enemy border is Burgos. If we capture Burgos, Madrid's border becomes safe. So we can send troops from Madrid to attack Burgos. But we need to consider that the enemy might attack Madrid this turn. If we send all spearman, Madrid's defense drops. We might want to leave some. Alternatively, we can send from Vigo: Vigo has 2 knights. We could send them, but they might not be enough alone. We could also send from other villages to Vigo to reinforce, then send from Vigo. But that would take time. We can send from Porto to Vigo? Porto has 2 archer, 2 knight. Porto to Vigo: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? The report says for Porto: "from here to your nearest border village [10] Vigo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So we can send from Porto to Vigo in 1 turn (fast). Then from Vigo to Burgos is 1 turn. So if we send from Porto to Vigo, they arrive next turn, then we can send them to Burgos the following turn. That would take 2 turns to reach Burgos. But we want to capture Burgos quickly. We could send directly from Porto to Burgos? The road network: Porto [6] connects to [3] Coimbra, [7] Salamanca, [10] Vigo. Vigo connects to [14] Burgos. So from Porto to Burgos, we must go through Vigo. So the march would be Porto -> Vigo -> Burgos. The travel time would be Porto to Vigo (1 turn) plus Vigo to Burgos (1 turn) = 2 turns. So we can send from Porto to Burgos, but it takes 2 turns. The report gives march times from each village to its nearest border village. For Porto, it says "from here to your nearest border village [10] Vigo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". It doesn't give a direct time to Burgos. So if we order from Porto to Burgos, the army will march along the road, stopping at Vigo if it's not ours? But Vigo is ours! So they would pass through Vigo? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination. You cannot march past an enemy or neutral village to hit one behind it." Since Vigo is ours, they would pass through it? Actually, the rule says they stop at the first village that is not yours. If Vigo is ours, they would not stop; they would continue. But do they stop to reinforce? The rule: "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So if we send from Porto to Vigo, they arrive and join Vigo. If we send from Porto to Burgos, they would march through Vigo? The rule: "You cannot march past an enemy or neutral village to hit one behind it." Since Vigo is ours, they can march past it? But the rule says "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours". So if all villages on the path are yours, they would go all the way to the destination? But the destination is Burgos, which is enemy. So they would stop at Burgos? Actually, they stop at the first village that is not yours. If the path is Porto -> Vigo -> Burgos, and Vigo is ours, then the first non ours is Burgos. So they would march all the way to Burgos and fight there. The travel time would be the sum of the road segments. So from Porto to Burgos would take Porto->Vigo (1 turn) + Vigo->Burgos (1 turn) = 2 turns for fast troops. So we can send from Porto to Burgos directly, and it takes 2 turns for fast, 2 for medium? Actually, the segment times: Porto to Vigo: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. Vigo to Burgos: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So total: 2 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast? Wait, if each segment is 1 turn for each speed, then the total is 2 turns for all speeds? But if we mix speeds, the army moves at the speed of the slowest. So if we send only knights (fast), it takes 2 turns. If we send only archers (medium), it takes 2 turns? Actually, if the segment times are 1 turn for medium, then two segments would be 2 turns for medium. So it's 2 turns for medium and fast? That seems odd. Let's check the report: for Porto to Vigo, it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means the travel time is 1 turn regardless of speed? That would imply the distance is very short. But then from Vigo to Burgos is also 1 turn. So total 2 turns for any speed. So we can send from Porto to Burgos, but it takes 2 turns. We might want to capture Burgos in 1 turn, so sending from Vigo or Madrid is better because they are 1 turn away.

4. Attack [19] Pamplona from Zaragoza or from Burgos (after we capture it). Zaragoza to Pamplona: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So fast troops take 1 turn, medium 1, slow 2. So we can send knights or archers from Zaragoza to Pamplona in 1 turn. But Pamplona defense is 10, garrison 4 archers. We need to send enough troops.

5. Attack [13] Teruel from Toledo. Teruel defense 20, garrison 1 archer, 7 knights. Toledo has 2 archer. We can send from Toledo, but we might need to gather more troops. We can send from other villages to Toledo to reinforce, then attack. But that takes time.

We also need to consider that we can send troops to reinforce our own villages. For example, we can send from Santarem to Toledo to boost its defense. Santarem has 5 archer, 8 knight. We can send some to Toledo. March time: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. So if we send knights, they arrive in 1 turn. If we send archers, 2 turns? Actually, "2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast" means slow takes 2, medium takes 2, fast takes 1. So if we send a mix with slow troops, it takes 2 turns. If we send only fast, 1 turn. So we can send knights from Santarem to Toledo in 1 turn. That would reinforce Toledo quickly.

We need to decide on a comprehensive plan for this turn.

Let's think about the overall campaign. We need 18 villages. We have 14. We need to capture 4 and hold them for 2 turns. So we need to capture at least 2 this turn, and then 2 more next turn, or capture 4 this turn if possible. But we also need to defend what we have.

The enemy has 10 villages (24 total, we have 14, so enemy has 10). Their villages: [13] Teruel, [14] Burgos, [15] Murcia, [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza (we have it now), [18] Castellon, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona, [23] Girona. Wait, we have Zaragoza now. So enemy has 9 villages left? Actually, total 24. We have 14. So enemy has 10. But we just captured Zaragoza? The report says: "You attacked [17] Zaragoza: VICTORY, conquered". So Zaragoza is now ours. So we have 14 including Zaragoza? The list of our villages includes [17] Zaragoza. So yes, we have 14. The enemy has the remaining 10. But we can see some of them. The enemy capital is Barcelona, which is unexplored.

To win by elimination, we need to capture all enemy villages. That might be a long-term goal. The easier way is to hold 18 for 2 turns. So we need to capture 4 more villages and hold them. Which 4? We should pick the ones that are easiest to capture and hold, and that are on the border.

Possible candidates: Murcia, Huesca, Burgos, and either Teruel or Pamplona. Or we could go for Valencia and Castellon after capturing neighbors.

We need to consider the enemy's possible moves. The enemy might attack our border villages. Our weakest border villages are Toledo (5) and Vigo (5). They might attack from Teruel to Toledo, or from Burgos to Vigo or Madrid. We should reinforce Toledo and Vigo to prevent them from being captured. Also, Cordoba has defense 43, so it's safe. Madrid has 20, Zaragoza 23, so they are decent.

We can send reinforcements to Toledo and Vigo from our interior villages. We have many troops in Santarem, Sevilha, etc.

Let's list the troops we can send to reinforce:

Toledo: we can send from Santarem (knights fast, 1 turn), from Badajoz (archers? Badajoz has 6 archer, 0 knight, 0 spearman. Badajoz to Toledo: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? The report for Badajoz says: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So from Badajoz to Toledo is 1 turn for all speeds. So we can send archers from Badajoz to Toledo in 1 turn. But archers are medium, so they take 1 turn? The notation "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast" means the travel time is 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast. So all take 1 turn. So we can send from Badajoz to Toledo in 1 turn. We can send some archers.

Also from Sevilha: Sevilha to Cordoba is 1 turn, but to Toledo? The road: Sevilha [9] connects to [4] Badajoz, [5] Faro, [11] Cordoba. To get to Toledo, we need to go through Cordoba or Badajoz. The report for Sevilha says: "from here to your nearest border village [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So to Toledo, it would be longer. We can check the road network: Sevilha to Badajoz (1 turn?) then Badajoz to Toledo (1 turn) = 2 turns. Or Sevilha to Cordoba (1 turn) then Cordoba to Toledo? Cordoba to Toledo: the report for Cordoba says: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns"? Actually, for Cordoba, it says: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns"? Wait, the report for Cordoba: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns"? Let's check: in the "YOUR VILLAGES" section, for [11] Cordoba, it says: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns"? Actually, the text says: "[11] Cordoba | BORDER with [15] (enemy) | ... from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns"? No, it says: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns"? Let's read carefully: the report for Cordoba says: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 3 spearman, 11 archer, 3 knight (attack power if all sent: 37)
    from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns"
Wait, that's for Toledo? But Cordoba's nearest border village is [15] Murcia? Actually, it says "BORDER with [15] (enemy)". So its nearest border village is Murcia. But then it says "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". That seems inconsistent. Maybe it's a mistake in the report? Let's check the original text: "[11] Cordoba | BORDER with [15] (enemy) | wood 0 (+30/turn) | iron 0 (+20/turn) | effective defense (location bonus included): 43 | troops at home: 17 / 300
    AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 3 spearman, 11 archer, 3 knight (attack power if all sent: 37)
    from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns"
That is odd. It says "nearest border village [8] Toledo" but Toledo is not bordering Cordoba. The road network shows Cordoba connected to [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia. So Toledo is connected, but it's not a border village for Cordoba? Actually, Cordoba is ours, and Toledo is ours, so Toledo is not a border village. The phrase "nearest border village" might mean the nearest village that is on the border? But Toledo is a border village (it borders Teruel). So from Cordoba, the nearest border village might be Toledo? But Murcia is also a border village (enemy). So the report might be giving the march time to Toledo as a reference? This is confusing. We should rely on the road network and the given march times from each village to their "nearest border village". For Cordoba, it says "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So we can send from Cordoba to Toledo, and it takes 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. So fast troops take 1 turn? Actually, 1 fast turn means 1 turn for fast troops. So knights from Cordoba to Toledo take 1 turn? That seems fast, but maybe the road is direct. Let's check the road network: Cordoba [11] connects to [8] Toledo directly. So there is a road. So the march time is given. So we can send from Cordoba to Toledo in 1 turn for fast troops. So that's useful.

Similarly, for Vigo: we can send from Porto to Vigo in 1 turn, or from Coimbra? Coimbra to Vigo: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? The report for Coimbra says: "from here to your nearest border village [10] Vigo: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So from Coimbra to Vigo, fast takes 1 turn, medium 1, slow 2. So we can send knights from Coimbra to Vigo in 1 turn.

We need to decide on specific orders for this turn. We can do multiple builds and movements.

Let's prioritize:

1. Capture [15] Murcia from Cordoba. This is a 1-turn march. We can send a force that wins easily. Cordoba has 3 spearman, 11 archer, 3 knight. We can send, say, 3 spearman and 2 archer? That would be total attack 3*1 + 2*2 = 7, with counter (spearman vs knight) becomes 10.5 > 5. Or we can send 2 knights and 1 archer? Let's minimize losses. We want to capture with minimal attrition. The winner takes losses against the loser's effective force. The loser's effective force is their attack? Actually, "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." In an attack on a village, the defender's effective force is their defense? Or their attack? The rule: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs." So the defender's effective force is their defense. The winner takes losses equal to the loser's effective force? The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So if we attack, we are the attacker. If we win, we take losses equal to the defender's effective force? Or a fraction? The example: "your army marching [14] Burgos -> [19] Pamplona was DESTROYED (6 spearmen); the enemy army lost 1 troop (effective force 9 vs 24, no location bonus in the open)." In that case, the attacker (6 spearmen) had effective force 9, defender had 24. The attacker was destroyed, and the defender lost 1 troop. So the loser takes losses equal to the winner's effective force? Actually, it says "the enemy army lost 1 troop (effective force 9 vs 24)". So the losing side takes losses based on the winner's effective force? The wording: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." That means the winner takes losses equal to the loser's effective force. So in an attack, if we win, we take losses equal to the defender's effective defense? Or their effective force? In a village defense, the defender's effective force is their defense (with bonus). So if we attack and win, we take losses equal to the defender's effective defense. That means we will lose troops proportional to their defense. For Murcia, defense is 5. So if we win, we lose troops with total attack? Actually, the loss is in terms of troops. The rule doesn't specify how to convert effective force to troop losses. Probably, the effective force is the sum of attack or defense values. The loss might be that the winner loses troops equivalent to the loser's effective force divided by something? The example: attacker had 6 spearmen (attack 6, with counter 9) vs defender effective force 24. Attacker lost all 6 spearmen. Defender lost 1 troop. So the loser lost troops worth 1? That doesn't match a simple formula. Maybe the losses are determined by comparing the effective forces: the side with lower effective force loses troops equal to the difference? Not clear.

We should not overthink; we just need to ensure we win with as many troops as possible surviving. We can send a force that has a large margin. For Murcia, defense 5, we can send 2 knights (attack 8) and win. We would take losses equal to defense 5? That might mean we lose some troops. But we can afford it.

Alternatively, we can send a mixed force that uses the counter to multiply our attack, so we can win with fewer troops. For example, send 4 spearmen: attack 4, with counter 6 > 5. But we only have 3 spearmen in Cordoba. We can send 3 spearmen and 1 archer: attack 5, with counter 7.5 > 5. That uses 4 troops. If we send 2 knights, that's 2 troops. Knights are more valuable, so we might prefer to use spearmen and archers to conserve knights. But we also need to consider that after capturing, we might want to leave troops to defend the new village. We can send a small garrison later.

Let's decide to send from Cordoba to Murcia: 3 spearman and 2 archer? That would be 5 troops. Attack: 3*1 + 2*2 = 7, counter 10.5. That's overkill. We can send less. Maybe 3 spearman and 1 archer: attack 5, counter 7.5. That wins. We'll take losses. We might lose 1 or 2 troops. We can also send 2 archer and 1 knight? Attack 2+2+4=8, no counter (archer most numerous vs knight, no counter). 8 > 5. That also wins. Which is better? We need to consider what troops we want to keep. We have many archers. Knights are scarce and powerful. We might want to use spearmen since they are cheap and we can build more. Cordoba has 3 spearmen, we can send all 3 and 1 archer. That uses 4 troops. We can also build more spearmen in Cordoba? Cordoba has 0 wood, 0 iron, so cannot build. So we can't replenish there. So we should be careful with Cordoba's troops. Cordoba is our main southern stronghold. We might want to keep some troops there. But its defense is 43, so it's safe. We can send some away.

Let's check the other captures.

Capture [20] Huesca from Zaragoza. Huesca defense 3, garrison 1 knight. Zaragoza has 4 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight. We can send 3 spearman: attack 3, counter 4.5 > 3. Or 2 archer: attack 4 > 3. Or 1 knight: attack 4 > 3. We can send a small force. Let's send 2 archer and 1 spearman? That might be overkill. We can send 2 archer (attack 4) and win. But we need to consider losses. We might lose some. We can send 3 spearman to use the counter and win with more margin. Zaragoza has 4 spearman, so we can send 3 spearman. That leaves 1 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight in Zaragoza. That's fine.

Capture [14] Burgos from Madrid or Vigo. Burgos defense 8, garrison 3 knights. From Madrid: we have 6 spearman, 2 archer. If we send 6 spearman: attack 6, counter 9 > 8. Win. But we would send all spearman from Madrid, leaving 2 archer. Madrid's defense would drop from 20 to maybe 4 (2 archer defense 2 each? Actually, defense is based on troops. If we leave 2 archer, their defense is 2 each, total 4, plus location bonus? The effective defense given is 20, which includes location bonus. If we remove troops, the defense will drop. We need to ensure Madrid can defend itself. Madrid borders Burgos (enemy) and Zaragoza (ours), Toledo (ours), Salamanca (ours). The enemy could attack from Burgos. If we capture Burgos, then Madrid's border is safe. But this turn, the enemy might attack Madrid from Burgos? They might send troops from Burgos to attack Madrid. If we leave only 2 archer, Madrid's effective defense would be low. We might want to reinforce Madrid before sending troops, or send troops from elsewhere to Madrid. We can send troops from Salamanca or Toledo to Madrid. Salamanca has 1 archer, 0 others. Toledo has 2 archer. Not much. We can send from Santarem to Madrid? Santarem to Madrid: the report says for Santarem: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". It doesn't mention Madrid. The road: Santarem to Badajoz to Madrid? Or Santarem to Coimbra to Salamanca to Madrid? We need to check the road network. Santarem [1] connects to [0] Lisboa, [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz. Badajoz connects to [8] Toledo and [12] Madrid? Actually, road network: [4] Badajoz connects to [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. It does not connect directly to [12] Madrid. [7] Salamanca connects to [3], [4], [6], [12]. [12] Madrid connects to [7], [8], [14], [17]. So to get from Santarem to Madrid, we could go Santarem -> Badajoz -> Salamanca -> Madrid? Or Santarem -> Coimbra -> Salamanca -> Madrid. That would be multiple segments. The march time would be longer. We need to see if the report gives a direct time. It doesn't. So we probably cannot send from Santarem to Madrid in 1 turn. We can send from Salamanca to Madrid: Salamanca to Madrid is "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" according to Salamanca's info: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So we can send from Salamanca to Madrid in 1 turn. But Salamanca only has 1 archer. Not much help.

Alternatively, we can attack Burgos from Vigo. Vigo has 2 knights. If we send both knights, attack 8 vs defense 8, tie -> defender wins. So we need more. We could send from Vigo and also from somewhere else to Vigo to reinforce, then send. But that takes time. We could send from Porto to Vigo to reinforce Vigo, and then from Vigo to Burgos? But if we send from Porto to Vigo, they arrive next turn. Then from Vigo to Burgos would be the turn after. So that would capture Burgos in 2 turns. We might want to do that. Or we can send from Madrid to Burgos in 1 turn. Let's consider sending from Madrid: we need to leave enough to defend. If we send all 6 spearman, we leave 2 archer. Madrid's effective defense would be: 2 archer defense 2 each = 4, plus location bonus? The location bonus for defense in a village is x1.25. So base defense of 2 archer is 2*2=4? Actually, each archer has defense 2. So total base defense 4. In a village, effective defense = base defense * 1.25? The rule: "Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital)." So the effective defense is base defense * 1.25. So 4 * 1.25 = 5. So Madrid would have defense 5 if left with 2 archer. That's low. The enemy could attack from Burgos with, say, 3 knights. Their attack would be 12. They would likely win. So we should not strip Madrid completely. We could send only 4 spearman from Madrid, leaving 2 spearman and 2 archer. Then base defense: 2 spearman (defense 2 each) + 2 archer (defense 2 each) = 4*2=8? Actually, spearman defense 2, archer defense 2. So total base defense 8. Effective defense 8 * 1.25 = 10. That's better. But then our attack for Burgos: 4 spearman attack 4, counter 6, which is <8. So we would lose. We need at least 5 spearman to get attack 5 -> 7.5, still <8? 7.5 < 8, so we lose. 6 spearman gives 9 > 8. So we need all 6 spearman to capture Burgos from Madrid. But then Madrid's defense drops to 5. So we need to reinforce Madrid from elsewhere. Can we send troops to Madrid this turn? We can send from Salamanca (1 archer) and from Toledo (2 archer) to Madrid. But they would arrive in 1 turn? Salamanca to Madrid: 1 turn. Toledo to Madrid: the report for Toledo says: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns"? Wait, for Toledo, it says: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns"? That's for Lisboa to Toledo. For Toledo itself, it doesn't give a time to Madrid. The road: Toledo [8] connects to [4], [11], [12], [13]. So Toledo to Madrid is directly connected? [8] Toledo connects to [12] Madrid. So there is a road. The march time from Toledo to Madrid is not given, but we can infer it's probably 1 turn? Since many border villages are 1 turn. We can check the report for Madrid: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns"? Actually, for Madrid, it says: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns"? No, the report for Madrid says: "[12] Madrid | BORDER with [14] (enemy) | ... from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns"? Let's read: "[12] Madrid | BORDER with [14] (enemy) | wood 50 (+30/turn) | iron 30 (+20/turn) | effective defense (location bonus included): 20 | troops at home: 8 / 300
    AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 6 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight (attack power if all sent: 10)
    from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns"
That says from Madrid to Toledo is 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast. So Toledo to Madrid would be the same. So if we send from Toledo to Madrid, it takes 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. So fast troops (knights) take 1 turn, but Toledo has no knights. Archers (medium) take 2 turns. So we cannot reinforce Madrid from Toledo in 1 turn with archers. Salamanca to Madrid is 1 turn for all? Salamanca says: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So from Salamanca to Madrid is 1 turn for all speeds. So we can send from Salamanca to Madrid in 1 turn. But Salamanca only has 1 archer. That's not much.

We could send from Coimbra to Madrid? Coimbra to Salamanca? The road: Coimbra [3] connects to [1], [6], [7]. Salamanca [7] connects to [3], [4], [6], [12]. So Coimbra to Salamanca is 1 turn? The report for Coimbra says: "from here to your nearest border village [10] Vigo: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". It doesn't give to Salamanca. But we can send from Coimbra to Salamanca, then to Madrid? That would be 2 turns.

Given the complexity, maybe we should attack Burgos from Vigo by first reinforcing Vigo from Porto or Coimbra, and then next turn attack from Vigo. But that delays the capture. We want to capture 4 villages quickly. Alternatively, we can attack Burgos from Madrid but accept that Madrid will be weakened, and hope the enemy doesn't attack it this turn. The enemy might attack our villages. What are the enemy's possible attacks? They could attack from Teruel to Toledo, from Burgos to Vigo or Madrid, from Murcia to Cordoba, from Pamplona to Zaragoza or Burgos, from Huesca to Zaragoza, from Tarragona to Zaragoza or Barcelona? We need to predict their moves. Since we don't know their orders, we must prepare for the worst.

We can also attack [13] Teruel from Toledo. Teruel defense 20. Toledo has 2 archer. We need to gather more troops. We can send from Badajoz to Toledo (1 turn) and from Santarem to Toledo (1 turn for knights) to reinforce Toledo, then attack Teruel next turn? Or we can attack Teruel this turn with whatever we have, but 2 archer attack 4 vs defense 20, we would lose badly. So we need to reinforce first.

Let's think about a feasible plan for this turn to capture at least 2 villages, and then next turn capture more.

We can definitely capture Murcia and Huesca this turn with minimal forces. That gives us 2 new villages. Then we need 2 more. We can work on Burgos and Teruel or Pamplona.

For this turn, let's plan:

- Build troops: We need to build troops to replenish and to attack. We have many villages with resources. We should build spearmen and archers mainly, as they are cheaper. Knights are expensive but we have some iron. We need to consider which villages to build in.

Let's check each village's build capacity:

We want to build troops that we can send to attack or reinforce. We should build in villages that have resources and are not on the front line.

[0] Lisboa: can build 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. But it has only 2 archer at home. We might build spearmen since they are cheap. Lisboa is interior, safe. We can build 2 spearman (30 wood) and maybe 1 archer? Actually, wood 30, iron 50. Spearman costs 15 wood, so 2 spearman uses 30 wood. Then we have 0 wood, 50 iron. We can't build archer (needs 20 wood). We could build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) but we have 0 wood left. So we can only build 2 spearman. Or we could build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and then 10 wood left, not enough for spearman. So better to build 2 spearman. Or we could build 1 knight? 30 wood, 30 iron -> we have 30 wood, so we can build 1 knight. That uses 30 wood, 30 iron, leaving 0 wood, 20 iron. We could then not build anything else. Which is more useful? Knights are powerful for attack. But we need to send them somewhere. Lisboa is far from the front. We can send them to Toledo or Madrid later. Let's decide later.

[1] Santarem: wood 40, iron 30. Can build: 2 spearman (30 wood) -> leaves 10 wood, 30 iron. Then can we build anything else? Archer needs 20 wood, so no. Knight needs 30 wood, so no. So only 2 spearman. Or we could build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> leaves 10 wood, 0 iron. Then nothing else. Or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) -> leaves 0 wood, 10 iron. So we have choices. Santarem already has 5 archer, 8 knight. We might want to build more knights or archers. Since we need to reinforce Toledo, we could build knights to send quickly (1 turn). Let's consider building 1 knight from Santarem? That uses 30 wood, 30 iron. We have 40 wood, 30 iron, so we can build 1 knight and have 10 wood left. We could also build 2 spearman? But we might want to build archers. Actually, we can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) and have 10 iron left. That gives 2 more archers. Which is better? We need to decide based on our attack plans.

[2] Evora: wood 30, iron 40. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood), or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and then 10 wood left, or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Evora is interior, safe. We can build 2 spearman.

[3] Coimbra: wood 50, iron 30. Can build 3 spearman (45 wood), or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron), or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and then maybe 1 spearman? 1 knight uses 30 wood, 30 iron, leaves 20 wood, 0 iron. Then we can build 1 spearman (15 wood) leaving 5 wood. So 1 knight + 1 spearman. Or 2 archers + 1 spearman? 2 archers: 40 wood, 20 iron; leaves 10 wood, 10 iron; can't build spearman (15 wood). So options.

[4] Badajoz: wood 30, iron 40. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood), or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and then 10 wood left, or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Badajoz is near Toledo. We might want to build troops to send to Toledo.

[5] Faro: wood 65, iron 20. Can build 4 spearman (60 wood), or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and then 45 wood left, can build more spearman? Actually, 4 spearman uses 60 wood, leaves 5 wood, 20 iron. Then we can't build archer (needs 20 wood). We could build 3 spearman (45 wood) and 1 archer (20 wood) = 65 wood, 10 iron. That uses all wood. So 3 spearman + 1 archer. Or 2 archers? 2 archers need 40 wood, 20 iron; leaves 25 wood, 0 iron; can build 1 spearman (15 wood) leaving 10 wood. So many options.

[6] Porto: wood 50, iron 20. Can build 3 spearman (45 wood), or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and then 30 wood left, can build 2 spearman? 1 archer + 2 spearman = 20+30=50 wood, 10 iron. That works. Or 2 archers? 40 wood, 20 iron, leaves 10 wood.

[7] Salamanca: wood 40, iron 90. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 10 wood, 60 iron. Then we can't build much else. Or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) leaving 0 wood, 70 iron. Or 2 spearman (30 wood) leaving 10 wood, 90 iron. Or 1 archer and 1 spearman? 20+15=35 wood, 10 iron, leaving 5 wood, 80 iron. Since we have lots of iron, we might want to build knights, but wood is limited. We can build 1 knight and that's it for wood. But we could also build archers if we need them. Salamanca is close to Madrid. We might want to build knights to send to Madrid or Burgos.

[8] Toledo: wood 30, iron 40. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood), or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron), or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Toledo is a border village, weak. We might want to build troops to defend it or to attack Teruel.

[10] Vigo: wood 60, iron 20. Can build 4 spearman (60 wood), or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and then 40 wood left, can build more spearman? 1 archer + 2 spearman = 20+30=50 wood, 10 iron, leaves 10 wood. Or 3 spearman (45 wood) + 1 archer? 45+20=65 wood >60, so no. So 4 spearman, or 1 archer + 2 spearman, or 2 archers? 2 archers need 40 wood, 20 iron, leaves 20 wood, 0 iron; can build 1 spearman (15 wood) leaving 5 wood. So 2 archers + 1 spearman = 40+15=55 wood, 20 iron. That uses 55 wood, 20 iron. Leaves 5 wood. So options.

[9] Sevilha: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood), or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and then 10 wood left. Or 1 knight? needs 30 wood, 30 iron, not enough iron.

[11] Cordoba: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.

[12] Madrid: wood 50, iron 30. Can build 3 spearman (45 wood), or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron), or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and then 20 wood left, can build 1 spearman? 1 knight + 1 spearman = 30+15=45 wood, 30 iron. Leaves 5 wood. Or 1 knight + 2 archers? That would be 30+40=70 wood >50, no.

[17] Zaragoza: wood 90, iron 20. Can build 6 spearman (90 wood), or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and then 70 wood left, can build more spearman? 1 archer + 4 spearman = 20+60=80 wood, 10 iron. Leaves 10 wood. Or 2 archers? 40 wood, 20 iron, leaves 50 wood, 0 iron; can build 3 spearman (45 wood) leaving 5 wood. So 2 archers + 3 spearman = 40+45=85 wood, 20 iron. That uses 85 wood, 20 iron. Leaves 5 wood. Or we could build knights? Need 30 iron, only 20, so no knights.

We need to decide what to build based on our needs. We need troops to attack and to reinforce. We should build troops that can be sent to the front. We also need to consider the travel times. If we build this turn, they will be ready next turn (since build time is 1 turn). So they can be sent next turn.

For this turn's movements, we can send existing troops to attack and reinforce.

Let's propose a concrete plan:

Objectives for this turn:
- Capture [15] Murcia from Cordoba.
- Capture [20] Huesca from Zaragoza.
- Reinforce Toledo from Badajoz and/or Santarem.
- Reinforce Vigo from Porto or Coimbra.
- Possibly attack Burgos from Madrid, but we need to leave Madrid defended. We can send from Madrid to Burgos if we also send reinforcements to Madrid from Salamanca and Toledo? But that might not be enough.

Alternatively, we can focus on capturing Murcia and Huesca, and then next turn capture Burgos and Teruel or Pamplona. We also need to build troops for the next wave.

Let's decide on the movements for this turn:

1. From [11] Cordoba, send troops to attack [15] Murcia. We need to send a force that wins. Let's send 3 spearman and 1 archer from Cordoba. That uses 4 troops. Attack: 3*1 + 2 = 5, with counter (spearman vs knight) -> 7.5 > 5. Win. We might take losses. We can also send 2 knights? But we want to conserve knights. Let's send 3 spearman, 2 archer? That's 5 troops, attack 7 -> 10.5. Overkill. We can send 3 spearman and 1 archer. That leaves Cordoba with: 0 spearman? Actually, Cordoba has 3 spearman, we send 3, so 0 spearman left. 11 archer, send 1, so 10 archer left. 3 knight left. So Cordoba still has 10 archer, 3 knight. Its defense will drop but still high. We can also send from Cordoba to reinforce Toledo? But that's 1 turn for fast, but we have no knights in Cordoba? We have 3 knights. We could send knights to Toledo in 1 turn. But we might want to keep them for other things.

2. From [17] Zaragoza, send troops to attack [20] Huesca. Send 3 spearman from Zaragoza. Attack 3, counter 4.5 > 3. Win. Zaragoza has 4 spearman, so we send 3, leave 1 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight. That's fine.

3. Reinforce [8] Toledo. Toledo has 2 archer, defense 5. We can send from [4] Badajoz: Badajoz has 6 archer. Send 3 archer from Badajoz to Toledo. March time: 1 turn. That will reinforce Toledo. Badajoz to Toledo: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns", so archers (medium) take 1 turn. So they arrive next turn. Toledo will then have 2+3=5 archer, defense improves.

4. Reinforce [10] Vigo. Vigo has 2 knight, defense 5. We can send from [6] Porto: Porto has 2 archer, 2 knight. Send 2 knight from Porto to Vigo? March time: Porto to Vigo: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns", so knights take 1 turn. That would give Vigo 2+2=4 knight. Or we can send from Coimbra: Coimbra has 2 archer, 3 knight. Send 2 knight from Coimbra to Vigo? Coimbra to Vigo: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns", so knights take 1 turn. So we can send knights quickly. Let's send 2 knight from Coimbra to Vigo. That reinforces Vigo.

5. We also need to consider reinforcing Madrid if we attack from there. But we are not attacking from Madrid this turn. We can send from Salamanca to Madrid: Salamanca has 1 archer. Send that 1 archer to Madrid to reinforce. March: 1 turn. That gives Madrid an extra archer.

6. We might also want to send from Santarem to Toledo to further reinforce. Santarem has 5 archer, 8 knight. We can send some knights to Toledo. Santarem to Toledo: "2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So knights take 1 turn. Send 2 knights from Santarem to Toledo. That would give Toledo some knights for defense and future attack.

But we need to be careful not to overcommit. We have limited troops. Let's list all proposed sends:

- Cordoba -> Murcia: 3 spearman, 1 archer.
- Zaragoza -> Huesca: 3 spearman.
- Badajoz -> Toledo: 3 archer.
- Coimbra -> Vigo: 2 knight.
- Salamanca -> Madrid: 1 archer.
- Santarem -> Toledo: 2 knight.

That uses troops from several villages. We need to ensure we don't send troops we don't have. Let's check availability:

Cordoba: available 3 spearman, 11 archer, 3 knight. Send 3 spearman, 1 archer -> OK.
Zaragoza: available 4 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight. Send 3 spearman -> OK.
Badajoz: available 0 spearman, 6 archer, 0 knight. Send 3 archer -> OK.
Coimbra: available 0 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. Send 2 knight -> OK.
Salamanca: available 0 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight. Send 1 archer -> OK.
Santarem: available 0 spearman, 5 archer, 8 knight. Send 2 knight -> OK.

We also need to consider if we want to send any troops to attack other villages or to reinforce other places. For example, we could send from Vigo to Burgos? But Vigo only has 2 knight, not enough. We could send from Porto to Vigo to reinforce Vigo, then from Vigo to Burgos? But that would be two turns. We could send from Porto directly to Burgos? That takes 2 turns. We might do that for next turn's capture. But this turn, we can send from Porto to Burgos? Let's check: Porto to Burgos: path Porto -> Vigo -> Burgos. Since Vigo is ours, we can march through. The travel time: Porto to Vigo: 1 turn (fast), Vigo to Burgos: 1 turn (fast). So total 2 turns for fast. If we send from Porto to Burgos this turn, they will arrive in 2 turns. That means they would arrive on turn 18. We could do that to set up an attack on Burgos for turn 18. But we need to decide if we want to send troops now for future attacks. We can send troops from interior villages to forward positions to be ready for next attacks.

For example, we can send from Santarem to Toledo (knights) to be ready to attack Teruel next turn. We can send from Coimbra to Vigo (knights) to reinforce Vigo, and then next turn from Vigo to Burgos. We can send from Porto to Vigo? We already have Coimbra sending to Vigo. We can also send from Porto to Vigo to add more. Or we can send from Porto directly to Burgos to attack in 2 turns. But if we send from Porto to Burgos, they will fight at Burgos on turn 18. We need to ensure they have enough troops. Porto has 2 archer, 2 knight. If we send all, attack: 2*2 + 2*4 = 4+8=12, vs Burgos defense 8. That would win? 12 > 8, so win. But we need to consider the counter. The garrison is 3 knights. If we send 2 archer and 2 knight, the most numerous type? We have 2 archer and 2 knight - tie. Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So archer is considered most numerous? Actually, ties break in the order spearman, archer, knight. So if we have 2 archer and 2 knight, the tie is between archer and knight. The order says spearman first, then archer, then knight. So archer is higher in the order? The rule: "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight". That means if there is a tie for most numerous, the type that comes first in that order is considered most numerous. So archer would be most numerous. So the counter matchup is archer vs knight? Archer does not counter knight. So no bonus. Our attack 12 vs defense 8, win. But we would take losses. We might want to send a more efficient force. If we send from Porto to Burgos, we are leaving Porto with 0 troops. Porto's defense would drop. Porto is interior? Porto is interior, no enemy border. So it's safe. But we might want to keep some troops there for future. We can build more later.

We need to think about the overall campaign. We need to capture 4 villages. We can capture Murcia and Huesca this turn. Then we have 16 villages. We need 2 more. We can capture Burgos and Teruel or Pamplona next turn. To capture Burgos, we can attack from Vigo or Madrid. If we reinforce Vigo this turn, we can attack from Vigo next turn. Vigo will have its own 2 knight + 2 from Coimbra = 4 knight. Attack from Vigo to Burgos: 4 knight attack 16, vs defense 8, win easily. But we need to consider the counter: 4 knights vs 3 knights? Enemy most numerous is knight. Our most numerous is knight. Knight does not counter knight. So no bonus. 16 vs 8, win. We would take losses equal to defense 8? But we can also send some spearmen from somewhere to get the counter? Not necessary.

To capture Teruel, we need to attack from Toledo. Teruel defense 20. We need to gather a strong army at Toledo. We can send reinforcements to Toledo this turn: from Badajoz (3 archer), from Santarem (2 knight), and maybe from others. Then next turn, we can send from Toledo to Teruel with a mix. Toledo will have: starting 2 archer + 3 archer from Badajoz + 2 knight from Santarem = 2 archer, 3 archer, 2 knight = 5 archer, 2 knight. Attack power: 5*2 + 2*4 = 10+8=18. That's less than 20. We need more. We can also send from Lisboa or others to Toledo. Lisboa to Toledo: "3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So knights from Lisboa take 1 turn? Actually, 1 fast turn means knights take 1 turn. So we can send knights from Lisboa to Toledo in 1 turn. Lisboa has 0 knight available? It has 2 archer, but we can build knights? We can build 1 knight in Lisboa this turn, and then send it next turn? Or we can send the 2 archer from Lisboa to Toledo? They would take 2 medium turns? Actually, from Lisboa to Toledo: "3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So archers (medium) take 2 turns. So they would arrive on turn 18. So we can send them now for turn 18. We can also build troops in Lisboa to send.

We need to plan for next turn's attacks. We can issue orders now for movements that take multiple turns. For example, we can send troops from far villages to forward positions so they arrive in time for next turn's attacks.

Let's design a plan for the next few turns:

Turn 16 (this turn): 
- Capture Murcia (from Cordoba) and Huesca (from Zaragoza). 
- Reinforce Toledo (from Badajoz, Santarem, maybe Lisboa) to prepare for Teruel attack.
- Reinforce Vigo (from Coimbra, Porto) to prepare for Burgos attack.
- Send troops from interior to forward positions for next attacks.

Turn 17: 
- We will have captured Murcia and Huesca, so we have 16 villages.
- We can then attack Burgos (from Vigo or Madrid) and Teruel (from Toledo) and maybe Pamplona (from Zaragoza or Burgos).
- We need to have enough troops to capture these and hold them.

We also need to ensure our villages are defended. The enemy might attack. We should leave enough troops in each border village.

Let's detail the moves for this turn (turn 16). We'll write the JSON.

First, builds: We should build troops to replenish and to have for future. We can build in many villages. Let's decide what to build in each village based on our needs.

We need spearmen for counter, archers for general use, knights for fast strikes. We should build in villages that have resources and can send them easily.

Let's list builds:

[0] Lisboa: build 2 spearman (uses 30 wood). We can send them to Toledo later? Or keep for defense. Lisboa is interior, so we can build and keep there, or send to front. We'll build 2 spearman.

[1] Santarem: we already have many troops. We might build 1 knight? Or 2 spearman? Let's build 2 spearman (30 wood) to have more infantry. Or we could build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) for fast response. Since we are sending 2 knights from Santarem to Toledo, we might want to replace them. Let's build 2 spearman and 1 archer? We have 40 wood, 30 iron. 2 spearman (30 wood) leaves 10 wood, 30 iron. Can't build archer (20 wood). Can't build knight (30 wood). So only 2 spearman. Or we could build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 10 wood. That gives a knight. Which is better? We need troops for attack. Knights are valuable. Let's build 1 knight. Then we have 8+1=9 knights at Santarem. We can send more later.

[2] Evora: build 2 spearman (30 wood). Evora is interior, safe. We can keep them for future.

[3] Coimbra: we are sending 2 knights to Vigo. Coimbra has 3 knights, so after sending 2, we have 1 knight left. We might want to build more knights or archers. Coimbra has 50 wood, 30 iron. We can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) to replace the sent ones. Then we have 2 knights again. Or we can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) and have 10 wood left. Let's build 1 knight to maintain knight count.

[4] Badajoz: we are sending 3 archer to Toledo. Badajoz has 6 archer, so after sending, 3 archer left. We might want to build more. Badajoz has 30 wood, 40 iron. We can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) to have 4 archer. Or build 2 spearman (30 wood). Let's build 1 archer.

[5] Faro: not sending anything yet. Faro has 4 knight, 0 archer, 0 spearman. We might want to build spearmen or archers to diversify. Faro has 65 wood, 20 iron. We can build 3 spearman (45 wood) and 1 archer (20 wood) = 65 wood, 10 iron. That uses all wood. So build 3 spearman, 1 archer. That gives Faro some infantry.

[6] Porto: we might send troops to Vigo or Burgos. Let's decide: we can send from Porto to Burgos directly for a 2-turn attack. If we send all troops from Porto to Burgos, they will arrive on turn 18. Porto has 2 archer, 2 knight. We can send them to Burgos. But then Porto is empty. We can build in Porto to replenish. Porto has 50 wood, 20 iron. We can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) and 1 spearman? Actually, 2 archers use 40 wood, 20 iron, leaves 10 wood. Can't build spearman (15 wood). So build 2 archers. Or build 3 spearman (45 wood) and then 5 wood left. Let's build 2 archers to have troops. But if we send all troops from Porto to Burgos, we leave Porto with 0. We can build and then send next turn. We need to decide.

[7] Salamanca: we are sending 1 archer to Madrid. Salamanca has 1 archer, so after sending, 0 archer. It has 40 wood, 90 iron. We can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) to have a knight. Or build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Let's build 1 knight for fast response.

[8] Toledo: we are receiving reinforcements. Toledo has 30 wood, 40 iron. We can build troops to increase its strength. We can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) to have a knight for attack on Teruel. Or build 2 spearman (30 wood). Let's build 1 knight.

[10] Vigo: we are receiving reinforcements. Vigo has 60 wood, 20 iron. We can build troops. We plan to attack Burgos from Vigo next turn. We can build 4 spearman (60 wood) to have infantry. Or build 1 archer + 2 spearman? Let's build 4 spearman to have a mix.

[9] Sevilha: not sending anything yet. Sevilha has 30 wood, 20 iron. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood). Let's build 2 spearman.

[11] Cordoba: we are sending troops to Murcia. Cordoba has 0 resources, so no builds.

[12] Madrid: we are sending 1 archer from Salamanca to Madrid. Madrid has 50 wood, 30 iron. We can build troops. We might attack Burgos from Madrid? Or reinforce. Let's build 3 spearman (45 wood) to have infantry.

[17] Zaragoza: we are sending troops to Huesca. Zaragoza has 90 wood, 20 iron. We can build more. Let's build 4 spearman (60 wood) and 1 archer (20 wood) = 80 wood, 10 iron. Or 6 spearman (90 wood). Let's build 6 spearman to have a strong infantry force for future attacks.

Now, movements for this turn:

We need to decide exactly which troops to send where. Let's list the movements we want:

Attack:
- Cordoba -> Murcia: send 3 spearman, 1 archer.
- Zaragoza -> Huesca: send 3 spearman.

Reinforce/Move to forward positions:
- Badajoz -> Toledo: send 3 archer.
- Santarem -> Toledo: send 2 knight.
- Coimbra -> Vigo: send 2 knight.
- Salamanca -> Madrid: send 1 archer.
- Porto -> Burgos: send 2 archer, 2 knight? (to attack in 2 turns) Or we can send from Porto to Vigo to reinforce, and then from Vigo to Burgos next turn. Let's think: if we send from Porto to Vigo (1 turn), they arrive turn 17. Then on turn 17, we can send from Vigo to Burgos (1 turn), arriving turn 18. That captures Burgos on turn 18. If we send from Porto directly to Burgos (2 turns), they arrive turn 18 as well. So it's the same timing. But if we send to Vigo, we can combine with other troops arriving at Vigo to have a larger force. We have Coimbra sending 2 knight to Vigo. If Porto sends 2 archer, 2 knight to Vigo, then Vigo will have its own 2 knight + Coimbra's 2 knight + Porto's 2 archer, 2 knight = 4 knight, 2 archer? Actually, Vigo originally has 2 knight. After Coimbra: +2 knight = 4 knight. After Porto: +2 archer, +2 knight = 6 knight, 2 archer. Then from Vigo to Burgos, we can send a large force. But we need to consider that Vigo is a border village; if we stack too many troops there, it might be fine. But we also need to leave some in Vigo for defense? Vigo's defense is 5 initially. After reinforcements, it will be higher. If we send all to Burgos next turn, Vigo might be left with few. But if we capture Burgos, Vigo's border becomes safe. So we can send most from Vigo to Burgos.

Alternatively, we can send from Porto directly to Burgos, and from Coimbra to Vigo, and then from Vigo to Burgos next turn. But if we send from Porto directly to Burgos, they fight on their own when they arrive. They would arrive on turn 18 and fight Burgos separately from any other force. That might be fine if they are strong enough. But we need to ensure they win. Porto's 2 archer, 2 knight have attack 12, which is >8, so they would win. But they would take losses. If we instead combine them with Vigo's forces, we might have a larger force and win with less losses? But they fight separately anyway if sent from different villages. If we send from Porto to Burgos and from Vigo to Burgos on the same turn, they will arrive on the same turn? Actually, if we send from Porto to Burgos this turn (turn 16), they take 2 turns, so arrive turn 18. If we send from Vigo to Burgos on turn 17, they take 1 turn, arrive turn 18. So they both arrive on turn 18. But the rule says: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So they would fight sequentially. The order might matter. The first send to arrive would fight the garrison. If it wins, it captures the village. Then the second send would arrive at a village that is now ours, so they would join as reinforcements? Actually, if the first send captures the village, the village becomes ours. Then the second send, arriving at a village we own, would join the garrison. So that could work: we send a small force first to capture, then a larger force arrives to reinforce. But we need to ensure the first force can capture. If we send from Vigo first (on turn 17, arriving turn 18) and from Porto second (also arriving turn 18), which one fights first? The rule says "each send fights alone, one at a time." It doesn't specify the order. Probably the order of arrival or something. To be safe, we should send a single strong force from one village to capture in one battle. So we should combine troops at Vigo and then send from Vigo to Burgos. That means we should send troops to Vigo this turn, and then next turn send from Vigo to Burgos. So we should not send from Porto directly to Burgos; instead, send from Porto to Vigo this turn, so they arrive at Vigo next turn. Then on next turn, we can send from Vigo to Burgos.

Similarly, for Teruel: we want to combine troops at Toledo and then attack. So we send reinforcements to Toledo this turn, and next turn send from Toledo to Teruel.

For Pamplona: we can attack from Zaragoza or from Burgos after capture. Zaragoza to Pamplona is 1 turn for fast. We can send from Zaragoza next turn.

So our movements for this turn should focus on capturing Murcia and Huesca, and moving troops to forward positions for next turn's attacks.

Let's finalize the movements:

From Cordoba to Murcia: 3 spearman, 1 archer. (Attack)
From Zaragoza to Huesca: 3 spearman. (Attack)
From Badajoz to Toledo: 3 archer. (Reinforce)
From Santarem to Toledo: 2 knight. (Reinforce)
From Coimbra to Vigo: 2 knight. (Reinforce)
From Porto to Vigo: 2 archer, 2 knight? Or maybe just 2 knight? Porto has 2 archer, 2 knight. We can send all to Vigo to combine. Let's send 2 archer, 2 knight from Porto to Vigo. That uses all Porto's troops. Then Porto will have 0, but we can build new ones. We'll build 2 archers in Porto this turn, so next turn Porto will have some.
From Salamanca to Madrid: 1 archer. (Reinforce)
From Lisboa to Toledo? We can send the 2 archer from Lisboa to Toledo? They take 2 turns (medium). So they would arrive turn 18. That could be for the Teruel attack on turn 18? Actually, if we attack Teruel on turn 17, they wouldn't be there. If we attack on turn 18, they could join. Let's plan to attack Teruel on turn 18? We need to decide the timing. We want to capture as many as possible. We can attack Teruel on turn 17 from Toledo if we have enough. Let's calculate Toledo's strength after reinforcements this turn.

Toledo initially: 2 archer.
Reinforcements arriving turn 17: from Badajoz: 3 archer; from Santarem: 2 knight. So on turn 17, Toledo will have: 2+3=5 archer, 2 knight. Total attack: 5*2 + 2*4 = 10+8=18. Teruel defense is 20. So 18 < 20, we would lose. We need more. We can also send from Lisboa to Toledo: 2 archer take 2 turns, so they arrive turn 18. So if we wait until turn 18 to attack Teruel, Toledo will have 5 archer, 2 knight, +2 archer = 7 archer, 2 knight. Attack: 14+8=22 > 20. So we can attack on turn 18. We can also build in Toledo this turn: we planned to build 1 knight. That knight will be ready next turn (turn 17). So on turn 17, Toledo will have that new knight as well? Build time is 1 turn, so if we build this turn (turn 16), they are ready on turn 17. So on turn 17, Toledo will have: 2 archer (initial) + 3 archer (from Badajoz) + 2 knight (from Santarem) + 1 knight (newly built) = 5 archer, 3 knight. Attack: 10+12=22 > 20. So we can attack Teruel on turn 17! Because the newly built knight is ready on turn 17. So we don't need to wait for Lisboa's archers. We can attack on turn 17. So we don't need to send from Lisboa to Toledo for that. We can send from Lisboa to somewhere else or keep them.

Let's check: the build at Toledo: we build 1 knight. It costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Toledo has 30 wood, 40 iron. So yes, we can build 1 knight. It will be ready next turn. So on turn 17, Toledo will have the new knight. So total troops available to send from Toledo on turn 17: we can send all of them to attack Teruel. That would be 5 archer, 3 knight. Attack: 5*2 + 3*4 = 10+12=22. With counter? We need to determine the most numerous type. We have 5 archer, 3 knight. Archer is most numerous. Enemy garrison: 1 archer, 7 knights. Enemy most numerous is knight. Archer vs knight: no counter. So our attack is 22, defense 20, we win. But we could also send some spearmen if we had them. We don't have spearmen in Toledo. We could send spearmen from other villages to Toledo to get the counter bonus. For example, if we send spearmen from somewhere to Toledo, they could arrive on turn 17 and then we attack with a mix where spearmen are most numerous, getting the 1.5 multiplier. That would be more efficient. We have spearmen in Zaragoza, Madrid, etc. We can send spearmen from Madrid to Toledo? Madrid to Toledo: "3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So spearmen (slow) take 3 turns. That would be too long. From Zaragoza to Toledo? Zaragoza connects to [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona. Not directly to Toledo. So no direct road. So we can't easily get spearmen to Toledo in time. So we'll attack with archers and knights.

We can also send from Santarem to Toledo more troops? Santarem has 5 archer, 8 knight. We already sent 2 knight. We can send more. But we need to consider that Santarem is far. We can send from Santarem to Toledo: knights take 1 turn, archers take 2 turns. So if we send archers from Santarem this turn, they arrive turn 18. If we send knights this turn, they arrive turn 17. We already sent 2 knights. We can send more knights. Santarem has 8 knight, we sent 2, so 6 left. We can send 3 more knights to Toledo? That would give Toledo more knights. But we need to leave some in Santarem. Santarem is interior, safe. We can send many. Let's send 4 knights from Santarem to Toledo? That would be 2 (already) + 4 = 6 knights from Santarem. But we can only send what's available. Santarem has 8 knights initially. We plan to send 2 this turn. We can send more? Actually, we can send multiple from the same village in one turn? The orders allow sending a number of troops. We can send, say, 4 knights from Santarem to Toledo. That uses 4 of the 8. Then we have 4 left. We can also build more.

We need to decide how many to send. We want Toledo to have a strong force to attack Teruel. Let's calculate the attack needed. Teruel defense 20. We want to win with minimal losses. If we send 5 archer, 3 knight (attack 22), we win but take losses equal to defense 20? That might be significant. If we can get the counter bonus, we could win with fewer troops. For example, if we send spearmen as most numerous, we get 1.5x. Suppose we send 10 spearmen: attack 10 * 1.5 = 15, still <20. 14 spearmen: 21 > 20. But we don't have that many spearmen available. We have spearmen in Madrid (6), Zaragoza (4), Cordoba (3), Sevilha (2). We could gather spearmen at Toledo. But they take time to march. Madrid to Toledo: 3 slow turns for spearmen. So if we send from Madrid this turn, they arrive turn 19. Too late for turn 17 attack. We could attack Teruel on turn 18 instead. Let's consider delaying Teruel attack to turn 18 to gather more troops. On turn 17, we can capture Burgos and Pamplona instead? We need to plan multiple fronts.

We have to decide on a sequence. We can capture Murcia and Huesca this turn (turn 16). Then on turn 17, we can capture Burgos (from Vigo) and maybe Pamplona (from Zaragoza). Then on turn 18, we capture Teruel (from Toledo) and maybe Valencia or something. That would give us 4 new villages by turn 18, reaching 18 villages. Then we need to hold them for 2 consecutive turns. So if we capture the 4th village on turn 18, we hold 18 on turn 18 and 19? Actually, the win
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
########## TURNO 16 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4056 | resposta 21493 | raciocinio 16023 | finish stop | ms 221147
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 14, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 21, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 7, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 8}},\n    {\"fromId\": 13, \"toId\": 8, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 7}},\n    {\"fromId\": 14, \"toId\": 10, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 16, \"toId\": 15, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 8, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 19, \"toId\": 14, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 23, \"toId\": 20, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Launch a three-pronged assault: Tarragona takes Zaragoza, Teruel takes Toledo, Burgos takes Vigo. Reinforce Murcia with Valencia's spearmen, Burgos with Pamplona's archers, and Huesca with Girona's knight. Next turn, assess losses, rebuild troops, and prepare pushes toward Madrid and Cordoba.\",\n  \"statement\": \"King B's forces strike on all fronts this turn! Tarragona's mighty host marches on Zaragoza, while Teruel and Burgos sweep aside the weak garrisons of Toledo and Vigo. In the south, Valencia's spearmen rush to defend Murcia, and Pamplona's archers reinforce Burgos. We aim to conquer three villages today and bring our total to thirteen, closing in on the enemy capital!\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B in a strategy game. I need to analyze the current state of the game (Turn 16) and provide a JSON response with my orders (builds and movements), a plan for the next turn, and a statement for the audience.

Let's carefully analyze the state of the map and my situation.

**Current State (Turn 16):**
- **My Villages (10):**
  - [22] Barcelona (Capital): 10 troops (4 spear, 0 arch, 6 knight). Def 30. Wood 90, Iron 50.
  - [21] Tarragona: 17 troops (7 spear, 2 arch, 8 knight). Def 43. Wood 40, Iron 30. Border with [17] (enemy).
  - [23] Girona: 11 troops (4 spear, 0 arch, 7 knight). Def 28. Wood 60, Iron 40.
  - [18] Castellon: 1 troop (0 spear, 0 arch, 1 knight). Def 3. Wood 90, Iron 20.
  - [20] Huesca: 1 troop (0 spear, 0 arch, 1 knight). Def 3. Wood 120, Iron 20. Border with [17] (enemy).
  - [16] Valencia: 8 troops (8 spear, 0 arch, 0 knight). Def 20. Wood 30, Iron 40.
  - [13] Teruel: 8 troops (0 spear, 1 arch, 7 knight). Def 20. Wood 50, Iron 30. Border with [8], [17] (enemy).
  - [15] Murcia: 2 troops (0 spear, 0 arch, 2 knight). Def 5. Wood 0, Iron 0. Border with [11] (enemy).
  - [19] Pamplona: 4 troops (0 spear, 4 arch, 0 knight). Def 10. Wood 55, Iron 20. Border with [17] (enemy).
  - [14] Burgos: 3 troops (0 spear, 0 arch, 3 knight). Def 8. Wood 40, Iron 90. Border with [10], [12] (enemy).
- **Total troops at home:** 65 (23 spear, 7 arch, 35 knight).
- **Enemy Villages (Visible):**
  - [17] Zaragoza: 4 spear, 4 arch, 1 knight. Def 23. (Enemy capital? No, King A capital is [0] Lisboa). Border with my [21], [20], [19], [13].
  - [12] Madrid: 6 spear, 2 arch. Def 20. Border with my [14].
  - [8] Toledo: 2 arch. Def 5. Border with my [13].
  - [11] Cordoba: 3 spear, 11 arch, 3 knight. Def 43. Border with my [15].
  - [10] Vigo: 2 knight. Def 5. Border with my [14].
- **Neutral/Unexplored:**
  - [7] Salamanca (last seen enemy).
  - [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto, [3] Coimbra, [9] Sevilha, [5] Faro, [1] Santarem, [0] Lisboa (Enemy Capital).

**Goal:** Hold at least 18 of 24 villages for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. Currently hold 10.

**Economy:**
- Each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn.
- Build costs:
  - spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron.
  - archer: 20 wood, 10 iron.
  - knight: 30 wood, 30 iron.
- Cap per village: 300 troops.
- Resources are per village. Let's check what each can build.
  - Barcelona: Wood 90, Iron 50. Can build up to 6 knights (needs 180 wood, 180 iron - no, only 90 wood, 50 iron). Can build 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron - no, only 50 iron). Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron), 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron), 4 spearmen (60 wood). Let's look at what is useful. Currently has 4 spear, 6 knight available to send.
  - Tarragona: Wood 40, Iron 30. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearmen (30 wood). Available: 7 spear, 2 arch, 8 knight.
  - Girona: Wood 60, Iron 40. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) + 2 spearmen (30 wood). Available: 4 spear, 7 knight.
  - Castellon: Wood 90, Iron 20. Can build 4 spearmen (60 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Available: 1 knight.
  - Huesca: Wood 120, Iron 20. Can build 6 spearmen (90 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Available: 1 knight.
  - Valencia: Wood 30, Iron 40. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron - no, only 30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearmen (30 wood). Available: 8 spear.
  - Teruel: Wood 50, Iron 30. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 2 spearmen (30 wood). Available: 1 arch, 7 knight.
  - Murcia: Wood 0, Iron 0. Cannot build anything.
  - Pamplona: Wood 55, Iron 20. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 3 spearmen (45 wood). Available: 4 arch.
  - Burgos: Wood 40, Iron 90. Can build 3 knights (90 iron, 90 wood - no, only 40 wood) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron - no, only 40 wood). Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron - total 50 wood, no). Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Available: 3 knight.

Let's look at the map and roads.
My territory is in the east/center: Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Castellon, Huesca, Valencia, Teruel, Murcia, Pamplona, Burgos.
Enemy (King A) has Zaragoza, Madrid, Toledo, Cordoba, Vigo, Salamanca, and the capital Lisboa, plus others unexplored.

**Threats and Opportunities:**
- Enemy [11] Cordoba is very strong (43 def, 3 spear, 11 arch, 3 knight). My [15] Murcia is weak (2 knight, def 5). If enemy attacks Murcia, I will lose it. But maybe they won't, or I should reinforce it.
- Enemy [17] Zaragoza (def 23) is bordered by my [21] Tarragona (def 43), [20] Huesca (def 3), [19] Pamplona (def 10), [13] Teruel (def 20). I have a huge numerical advantage if I attack from multiple sides, but troops march individually and fight one at a time. Wait, "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This is a crucial rule. Attacking a single village with multiple armies is bad because they fight sequentially. However, if I send a very strong army from one village, it might win.
- Let's check the combat rules. "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER." Effective force is calculated as:
  - Attack: sum of attack values * counter multiplier (if applicable).
  - Defense: sum of defense values * location bonus (already included in the report's "effective defense").
  - Wait, the report says: "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again."
  - So for attacking, I calculate my attack power, apply counter bonus (1.5x if I counter), and compare to the defender's effective defense (from the report).
  - Let's look at [17] Zaragoza: effective defense 23. Garrison: 4 spear, 4 arch, 1 knight.
    - Most numerous type: spear (4) and arch (4). Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So the defender's type is spearman.
    - If I attack with mostly archers, I get the counter bonus (archer counters spearman). If I attack with mostly knights, I get the bonus (knight counters archer). If I attack with mostly spearmen, no bonus (spear vs spear).
    - Let's say I attack from [21] Tarragona with all available: 7 spear, 2 arch, 8 knight.
      - Total attack: 7*1 + 2*2 + 8*4 = 7 + 4 + 32 = 43.
      - Most numerous type: knight (8). Knight counters archer. Defender has 4 spear, 4 arch, 1 knight. Most numerous is spear/arch (tie -> spear). So defender is spearman. Knight does NOT counter spearman. No bonus.
      - Effective attack = 43. Defender effective defense = 23. 43 > 23. I win.
      - What if I attack with mostly archers? E.g., from Pamplona (4 arch). Attack = 8. Most numerous arch. Defender most numerous spear. Archer counters spearman! Bonus 1.5x. Effective attack = 12. 12 < 23. I lose.
      - What if I attack from Teruel: 1 arch, 7 knight. Attack = 2 + 28 = 30. Most numerous knight. Defender spear. No bonus. 30 > 23. I win.
      - But remember, I can only send troops that are available.
      - However, if I send from multiple villages, they fight one at a time. The first army to arrive fights the garrison. If it wins, it takes losses and the garrison is reduced. Then the second army arrives and fights the remaining garrison (plus any reinforcements the enemy built). This is risky because the first army might be weakened, and the enemy might build reinforcements. But if I send a massive army from one village, it only fights once.
      - Let's look at the distances.
        - Tarragona to Zaragoza: 1 fast turn.
        - Huesca to Zaragoza: 1 fast turn.
        - Pamplona to Zaragoza: 1 fast turn? Let's check road network.
          - [17] Zaragoza is connected to [12], [13], [19], [20], [21].
          - [21] Tarragona -> [17] Zaragoza: 1 turn.
          - [20] Huesca -> [17] Zaragoza: 1 turn.
          - [19] Pamplona -> [17] Zaragoza: 1 turn.
          - [13] Teruel -> [17] Zaragoza: 1 turn.
        - So all my border villages can reach Zaragoza in 1 turn.
        - But "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up... each send fights alone, one at a time."
        - If I send from Tarragona and Huesca, they will arrive on the same turn (1 fast turn). They fight one at a time. The first one fights the full garrison. If it wins, the second one fights the reduced garrison. This is actually good if the first one wins, because the second one cleans up. But if the first one loses, the second one fights the full garrison (or what's left of it plus reinforcements). Actually, "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So if I send from Tarragona to Zaragoza, and Huesca to Zaragoza, they both target Zaragoza. They arrive on the same turn. They fight sequentially. The order of fights might be arbitrary or based on something. But it's better to send one massive stack that can definitely win, rather than risking two smaller ones.
        - Wait, if I send a massive stack from Tarragona (43 attack), it will definitely beat Zaragoza (23 def). The enemy will take losses. Then Zaragoza is mine (conquered). But then I have to garrison it. The troops I sent will be in the village. I can then send more troops from other villages to reinforce it, but they will arrive on subsequent turns and just join the garrison. They won't fight unless the enemy attacks back.
        - Let's check the enemy's last turn actions:
          - "King A attacked [11] Cordoba: VICTORY, conquered" -> Wait, Cordoba was already theirs? Or did they attack it from somewhere else? "A reinforcement of King A (2 spearmen, 5 archers, 1 knight) arrived at [11] Cordoba". Maybe they attacked a neutral or another village? No, [11] Cordoba is listed as ENEMY (King A). Maybe they attacked it to reinforce it? Or they attacked a village next to it and it says "attacked [11] Cordoba" meaning they attacked *from* somewhere? No, "King A attacked [11] Cordoba: VICTORY, conquered". If it was already theirs, how did they conquer it? Maybe it was neutral or another king's? The report says "ENEMY (King A)". Maybe it was a different king? The prompt says "King A" and "King B" (me). So there are only two kings? "eliminate every enemy village". If there are only two kings, then King A owns all enemy villages. If King A attacked Cordoba and conquered it, maybe it was neutral before? Or maybe the report is just summarizing the battle.
          - "King A attacked [17] Zaragoza: VICTORY, conquered". Wait, Zaragoza is listed as ENEMY (King A) in my view. But last turn I attacked Zaragoza and was defeated. How did they conquer it? Maybe it was mine, they took it, then I tried to take it back and failed? The report says: "You attacked [17] Zaragoza: DEFEAT (your army was lost)". And "King A attacked [17] Zaragoza: VICTORY, conquered". This implies Zaragoza changed hands. It was probably mine, King A took it, then I tried to take it back and lost. Now it is theirs again.
          - "You attacked [15] Murcia: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 1 troop)". Murcia is now mine.
          - "You attacked [14] Burgos: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 2 troops)". Burgos is now mine.
          - So I conquered Murcia and Burgos last turn. Now I have 10 villages.
          - "A reinforcement of King A (3 spearmen, 3 archers, 4 knights) arrived at [14] Burgos". Wait, Burgos is MINE. How did a reinforcement arrive there? Maybe they attacked it after I conquered it? Or the report is from their perspective? "A reinforcement of King A ... arrived at [14] Burgos". If Burgos is mine, how can their reinforcement arrive? Maybe they attacked it and it's now theirs? But the report says "YOUR VILLAGES (10) ... [14] Burgos". So it is mine. This is confusing. Maybe the "reinforcement" was actually an attack that is ongoing? Or maybe the report has some errors or I misread it. Let's re-read: "A reinforcement of King A (3 spearmen, 3 archers, 4 knights) arrived at [14] Burgos". If Burgos is mine, this must be an attack that just happened or is happening. But the report says "YOUR VILLAGES ... [14] Burgos ... troops at home: 3". So it is still mine. Maybe the reinforcement was intercepted? Or maybe the report is just listing events and some of them are from the enemy's perspective but applied to the map? Let's assume the current state is as listed: Burgos is mine, has 3 troops.
          - Let's look at the "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" section carefully.
            - "ON THE ROAD between [14] Burgos and [19] Pamplona: your army marching [19] Pamplona -> [14] Burgos WON. The enemy army (6 spearmen) was destroyed; your losses: 1 troop." -> This was an enemy army attacking my army on the road, or my army attacking theirs? "your army marching [19] Pamplona -> [14] Burgos WON". So I was moving from Pamplona to Burgos, met an enemy army on the road, and won.
            - "King A attacked [11] Cordoba: VICTORY, conquered" -> Maybe Cordoba was neutral?
            - "A reinforcement of King A ... arrived at [11] Cordoba"
            - "King A attacked [17] Zaragoza: VICTORY, conquered" -> Zaragoza was probably mine, they took it.
            - "A reinforcement of King A (6 spearmen) arrived at [12] Madrid"
            - "A reinforcement of King A (3 spearmen, 3 archers, 4 knights) arrived at [14] Burgos" -> This is very strange. If Burgos is mine, how did their reinforcement arrive? Maybe they attacked it and the battle is not listed? Or maybe the "reinforcement" is actually an army they sent to attack Burgos, and it arrived but the battle hasn't been resolved yet? No, "arrived at" usually means it reached the destination. If it's an attack, it would say "attacked". Maybe the report is slightly inconsistent, or maybe Burgos was theirs and I took it? But it says "You attacked [14] Burgos: VICTORY, conquered". So I took it. Then how did their reinforcement arrive? Maybe they sent it before I took it, and it arrived after? But if I took it, it's mine now. The reinforcement would be an invading force. It should fight. The report doesn't mention a battle at Burgos for that reinforcement. This is a bit of a mystery. I will trust the "YOUR VILLAGES" list: Burgos is mine, has 3 troops.

Let's focus on the immediate next turn (Turn 17).
I need to decide:
1. What to build.
2. Where to move troops.

**Strategy:**
- I have 10 villages. I need 18 to win (75% of 24). That's 8 more villages.
- The enemy has: Zaragoza, Madrid, Toledo, Cordoba, Vigo, Salamanca, Lisboa (capital), and probably others (Santarem, Evora, Sevilha, Faro, Porto, Coimbra, Badajoz). Total enemy villages: at least 12, probably 14.
- To win by holding 18, I need to conquer 8 more villages. The unexplored ones are: [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto, [3] Coimbra, [9] Sevilha, [5] Faro, [1] Santarem, [0] Lisboa. That's 7 unexplored. Plus the visible enemy ones: [17] Zaragoza, [12] Madrid, [8] Toledo, [11] Cordoba, [10] Vigo, [7] Salamanca. That's 6 visible enemy. Total enemy + unexplored = 13. If I conquer all of them, I will have 10 + 13 = 23 villages. But some might be neutral. The prompt says "Neutral villages harden with time". So some unexplored might be neutral. But the goal is 18 villages.
- To eliminate every enemy village, I need to take all of King A's villages. That might be easier if I can push through their territory.
- My current borders:
  - North: Zaragoza (enemy), Madrid (enemy), Vigo (enemy).
  - South: Cordoba (enemy), Teruel (mine), Valencia (mine), Murcia (enemy).
  - East: Mediterranean (no roads? No, Castellon, Tarragona, Barcelona, Girona are on the coast, but no roads to unexplored there except maybe through Zaragoza).
  - West: Burgos (mine), Pamplona (mine), Huesca (mine).
- Key enemy villages to target:
  - [17] Zaragoza: Def 23. Major chokepoint. If I take it, I can push towards Madrid, Toledo, and the west.
  - [12] Madrid: Def 20. Important hub.
  - [8] Toledo: Def 5. Weak, easy to take.
  - [11] Cordoba: Def 43. Very strong. Hard to take directly. Maybe I should attack it from multiple sides over time, or ignore it and go around.
  - [10] Vigo: Def 5. Weak, but far.
  - [7] Salamanca: Unknown, but last seen strong (9 spear, 7 arch, 3 knight).

**Troop Allocation:**
- I need to build troops. My economy is decent but not amazing.
- Let's look at my strongest villages:
  - Tarragona: 17 troops (7 spear, 2 arch, 8 knight). Def 43. Can build more.
  - Barcelona: 10 troops (4 spear, 6 knight). Def 30. Capital.
  - Girona: 11 troops (4 spear, 7 knight). Def 28.
  - Teruel: 8 troops (1 arch, 7 knight). Def 20.
- I should focus on building knights because they have high attack (4) and speed (fast). Archers are good against spearmen. Spearmen are cheap but slow and low attack.
- Let's check resource production:
  - Barcelona: 90 wood, 50 iron. Can build 1 knight (30/30), leaving 60 wood, 20 iron. Then maybe 1 archer (20/10), leaving 40 wood, 10 iron. Then 2 spearmen (30 wood), leaving 10 wood, 10 iron.
  - Tarragona: 40 wood, 30 iron. Can build 1 knight (30/30), leaving 10 wood, 0 iron. Or 2 spearmen (30 wood), leaving 10 wood, 30 iron. Or 1 archer (20/10), leaving 20 wood, 20 iron.
  - Girona: 60 wood, 40 iron. Can build 2 knights (60/60 - no, only 40 iron). Can build 1 knight (30/30) + 1 archer (20/10) = 50 wood, 40 iron. Leaving 10 wood, 0 iron.
  - Teruel: 50 wood, 30 iron. Can build 1 knight (30/30), leaving 20 wood, 0 iron. Or 1 archer (20/10) + 2 spearmen (30 wood) = 50 wood, 10 iron.
  - Pamplona: 55 wood, 20 iron. Can build 2 archers (40/20), leaving 15 wood, 0 iron. Or 3 spearmen (45 wood).
  - Burgos: 40 wood, 90 iron. Can build 1 knight (30/30) + 1 archer (20/10) = 50 wood (no, only 40). Can build 2 archers (40/20). Or 1 knight (30/30) leaving 10 wood, 60 iron.
  - Valencia: 30 wood, 40 iron. Can build 1 archer (20/10) or 2 spearmen (30 wood).
  - Huesca: 120 wood, 20 iron. Can build 4 spearmen (60 wood) or 1 archer (20/10).
  - Castellon: 90 wood, 20 iron. Can build 4 spearmen (60 wood) or 1 archer (20/10).

**Movement Plan:**
- I need to attack [17] Zaragoza. It's the key to the north.
- I can attack from Tarragona, Huesca, Pamplona, or Teruel.
- Let's calculate the battle for Zaragoza if I send from Tarragona with all available: 7 spear, 2 arch, 8 knight.
  - Attack: 7*1 + 2*2 + 8*4 = 43.
  - Defender: 4 spear, 4 arch, 1 knight. Def 23.
  - Most numerous attacker: knight (8). Most numerous defender: spear (4) / arch (4) -> tie breaks to spear.
  - Knight vs spear: no counter. Effective attack = 43.
  - 43 > 23. I win. Losses: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
  - How many losses? "attrition against the loser's effective force". The loser's effective force is their defense? Or their attack? "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins... The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
  - Usually, losses are proportional to the loser's force. Let's assume I lose some troops, but not all. The exact formula isn't fully specified, but I will likely lose a few knights.
  - If I send from Huesca: only 1 knight. Attack 4. Def 23. I lose instantly.
  - If I send from Pamplona: 4 arch. Attack 8. Counter bonus (arch vs spear) = 12. Def 23. I lose.
  - If I send from Teruel: 1 arch, 7 knight. Attack 2 + 28 = 30. Most numerous knight. Defender spear. No bonus. 30 > 23. I win.
  - So Tarragona and Teruel can win individually.
  - But if I send from both, they fight sequentially. The first one will reduce the garrison. The second one will fight the reduced garrison. This might be more efficient (less losses for the second army because the defender is weaker). But it takes two turns? No, they both take 1 turn to arrive. They arrive on the same turn. "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
  - So on turn 17, I can send from Tarragona and Teruel. They will both arrive on turn 17 (or 18? "march from [x]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". If I send knights, it's 1 fast turn. So they arrive on turn 17). They fight one at a time.
  - Order of fights: unknown. Let's say Tarragona goes first. It beats Zaragoza (43 vs 23). Zaragoza garrison is reduced. Then Teruel arrives and fights the reduced garrison. This is good because Teruel's army will take fewer losses.
  - However, what if the enemy sends reinforcements to Zaragoza? "A reinforcement of King A (6 spearmen) arrived at [12] Madrid" last turn. They might send more. But I can't control that.
  - Let's look at the enemy's possible moves. They write their orders at the same time as me. So they might reinforce Zaragoza or attack my villages.
  - My weak villages:
    - [15] Murcia: Def 5, 2 knight. Border with [11] Cordoba (def 43). Very vulnerable. If the enemy attacks, I lose it. I should reinforce it or abandon it. But abandoning it loses a village. I can send troops from Valencia (8 spear) or Teruel (7 knight). Teruel to Murcia: 1 fast turn. Valencia to Murcia: 1 fast turn. If I send from Teruel to Murcia, I reinforce it. But then Teruel is weak for attacking Zaragoza.
    - [20] Huesca: Def 3, 1 knight. Border with [17] Zaragoza. If enemy attacks from Zaragoza, they might take it. I can send from Pamplona (4 arch) or Barcelona (6 knight). But they are far.
    - [14] Burgos: Def 8, 3 knight. Border with [10] Vigo (def 5) and [12] Madrid (def 20). If enemy attacks from Madrid, they might take it. I can send from Pamplona (4 arch) or Barcelona.
    - [19] Pamplona: Def 10, 4 arch. Border with [17] Zaragoza. If enemy attacks, might lose.
  - I need to balance attack and defense.
  - Let's look at the enemy's last moves:
    - They attacked Cordoba (maybe to reinforce it?).
    - They attacked Zaragoza (took it).
    - They reinforced Madrid, Burgos (wait, Burgos is mine, so maybe they attacked it? But the report says "reinforcement arrived". This is confusing. Let's assume they are active in the north).
  - The enemy capital is [0] Lisboa. I don't see it. It's connected to [1] Santarem and [2] Evora.
  - To reach the capital, I need to go through the west. My westernmost villages are Burgos, Pamplona, Huesca. From Burgos, I can go to [10] Vigo (enemy) or [12] Madrid (enemy). From Pamplona, I can go to [17] Zaragoza (enemy) or [14] Burgos (mine). From Huesca, to [17] Zaragoza or [23] Girona or [20] Huesca.
  - The road network shows:
    - [14] Burgos -> [10] Vigo, [12] Madrid, [19] Pamplona.
    - [12] Madrid -> [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza.
    - [17] Zaragoza -> [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona.
  - So Zaragoza is the gateway to Madrid, which is the gateway to Salamanca, Toledo, Burgos, and the west.
  - If I take Zaragoza, I can then attack Madrid, Toledo, and push towards the capital.
  - Let's plan the attack on Zaragoza.
  - I will send a large army from Tarragona: 7 spear, 2 arch, 8 knight. (Total 17 troops). Attack power 43.
  - I will also send from Teruel: 1 arch, 7 knight. (Total 8 troops). Attack power 30.
  - I will also send from Pamplona: 4 arch. (Total 4 troops). Attack power 8 (12 with counter). This might be a waste, but it helps clean up. Or I can send them to reinforce Zaragoza after I take it? No, if I send them to Zaragoza, they will fight. If I send them to Tarragona, they just reinforce. But Tarragona is already strong.
  - Let's look at the travel times:
    - Tarragona to Zaragoza: 1 fast turn (knights).
    - Teruel to Zaragoza: 1 fast turn.
    - Pamplona to Zaragoza: 1 fast turn (archers are medium speed. "march from [19] Pamplona: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". Wait, the report says "march from [19] Pamplona: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Zaragoza? No, the report says "march from [20] Huesca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Zaragoza. Let's check the distances in the report.
      - "march from [20] Huesca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" -> to Zaragoza.
      - "march from [14] Burgos: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" -> to Madrid.
      - "march from [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" -> to Toledo.
      - "march from [15] Murcia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" -> to Cordoba.
      - So all these border villages are 1 turn away for any speed.
      - Let's check the road network:
        - [21] Tarragona -> [17] Zaragoza: 1 road segment.
        - [20] Huesca -> [17] Zaragoza: 1 road segment.
        - [19] Pamplona -> [17] Zaragoza: 1 road segment.
        - [13] Teruel -> [17] Zaragoza: 1 road segment.
        - Yes, all are 1 segment away. So travel time is 1 turn for fast troops, 1 turn for medium, 1 turn for slow. They all arrive on the same turn if sent now.
  - If I send from Tarragona and Teruel, they will arrive on turn 17. They fight sequentially.
  - Let's calculate the losses for Tarragona's army (43 attack vs 23 def).
    - Effective force ratio: 43 / 23 ≈ 1.87.
    - Losses are usually a fraction of the loser's force. Let's say I lose ~5-10 troops. Mostly spearmen/knights.
    - Then Teruel's army (30 attack) fights the remaining garrison (maybe 10-15 def). 30 > 15. I win again, take more losses.
    - This should result in Zaragoza falling to me.
  - What about my other villages? I need to defend them.
    - [15] Murcia is very weak. I should send troops from Valencia (8 spear) to Murcia to reinforce it. But Valencia to Murcia is 1 turn. If I send them, they arrive on turn 17 and just join the garrison. They don't fight unless the enemy attacks. But if the enemy attacks Murcia on turn 17, my 8 spear will arrive and fight the enemy. The enemy garrison in Cordoba is 3 spear, 11 arch, 3 knight (def 43). If they send a stack, it might be strong. But if I send 8 spear, they add to Murcia's defense. Murcia's def is currently 5 (2 knight). With 8 spear, defense becomes 5 + 8*2 = 21. That's much better.
    - Let's check if I can build more in Valencia. Valencia has 30 wood, 40 iron. I can build 1 archer (20/10) or 2 spearmen (30 wood). I will build 2 spearmen to have 10 spear total. Then send all 10 to Murcia.
    - [20] Huesca is weak (1 knight, def 3). I can send troops from Barcelona (6 knight) or Pamplona (4 arch). But I need troops for Zaragoza. Maybe I send the 1 knight from Huesca to Zaragoza? No, if I send it, Huesca is empty. If the enemy attacks Huesca, I lose it. But Huesca is bordered by Zaragoza (enemy) and Girona (mine) and Pamplona (mine). If Zaragoza is enemy, they can attack Huesca. But if I am attacking Zaragoza, maybe they are busy defending it. It's a simultaneous turn. They might attack Huesca while I attack Zaragoza. If they attack Huesca with a small army, my 1 knight might lose, but if they attack with a large army, I lose the village. However, if I take Zaragoza, Huesca becomes interior (no enemy border, except maybe Madrid if I take that). So it's a risk.
    - Let's look at the enemy's possible targets:
      - [21] Tarragona: Def 43. Strong.
      - [19] Pamplona: Def 10. Medium.
      - [14] Burgos: Def 8. Medium.
      - [13] Teruel: Def 20. Strong.
      - [15] Murcia: Def 5. Weak.
      - [16] Valencia: Def 20. Strong.
      - [18] Castellon: Def 3. Weak, but interior (no enemy border).
      - [23] Girona: Def 28. Strong, interior.
      - [22] Barcelona: Def 30. Capital, interior.
    - The most vulnerable border villages are Murcia (def 5) and Huesca (def 3). Burgos (def 8) is also vulnerable but has 3 knight.
    - I should reinforce Murcia and Huesca.
    - For Huesca: I can send 1 knight from Barcelona (6 knight available). Barcelona to Huesca: 1 fast turn. So 1 knight arrives on turn 17. Huesca def becomes 3 + 4 (knight def is 2, but location bonus? "effective defense (location bonus included): 3". Wait, the 3 is the total defense. If I add 1 knight, defense increases by 2 * 1.25 (village) = 2.5. So new def ~5.5). Still weak, but better.
    - For Murcia: I can send 8 spear from Valencia. Valencia to Murcia: 1 slow turn (spear is slow). Wait, "march from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Teruel. To Murcia? Road: [15] Murcia -> [16] Valencia. So 1 turn. Spear is slow, so 1 slow turn. They arrive on turn 17.
    - Let's check the build orders.
    - I need to build troops to replace losses and increase power.
    - Let's prioritize building knights and archers.
    - Barcelona: Wood 90, Iron 50. Build 1 knight (30/30), 1 archer (20/10). Total 50 wood, 40 iron. Remaining 40 wood, 10 iron. Can also build 2 spearmen (30 wood). Total 80 wood, 40 iron. Remaining 10 wood, 10 iron. Let's do 1 knight, 1 archer, 2 spear. (Total 4 troops).
    - Tarragona: Wood 40, Iron 30. Build 1 knight (30/30). Remaining 10 wood, 0 iron. Or 1 archer (20/10) + 1 spear (15 wood). Total 35 wood, 10 iron. Let's do 1 knight.
    - Girona: Wood 60, Iron 40. Build 1 knight (30/30) + 1 archer (20/10). Total 50 wood, 40 iron. Remaining 10 wood, 0 iron.
    - Teruel: Wood 50, Iron 30. Build 1 knight (30/30). Remaining 20 wood, 0 iron.
    - Pamplona: Wood 55, Iron 20. Build 2 archers (40/20). Remaining 15 wood, 0 iron.
    - Burgos: Wood 40, Iron 90. Build 1 knight (30/30) + 1 archer (20/10). Total 50 wood (no, only 40). Build 2 archers (40/20). Remaining 0 wood, 70 iron.
    - Valencia: Wood 30, Iron 40. Build 2 spearmen (30 wood). Remaining 0 wood, 40 iron.
    - Huesca: Wood 120, Iron 20. Build 4 spearmen (60 wood). Remaining 60 wood, 20 iron.
    - Castellon: Wood 90, Iron 20. Build 4 spearmen (60 wood). Remaining 30 wood, 20 iron.
    - Murcia: Wood 0, Iron 0. Cannot build.

Let's refine the build orders to maximize military strength.
Knights are the best (attack 4, speed fast). Archers are good (attack 2, medium speed, counter spear). Spearmen are cheap but slow.
I want to attack Zaragoza with knights and archers.
Tarragona already has 8 knight, 2 arch, 7 spear. I will send them all.
Teruel has 7 knight, 1 arch. I will send them all.
Pamplona has 4 arch. I will send them all.
Huesca has 1 knight. I will send it? Or keep it for defense? If I send it, Huesca is empty. I'll send it to Zaragoza to help conquer it. Once Zaragoza is mine, Huesca is safe from that side. But Madrid is still a threat to Burgos, and Zaragoza to Pamplona. Actually, if I take Zaragoza, the enemy border shifts to Madrid/Toledo. Huesca becomes interior (connected to Girona, Zaragoza (mine), Pamplona (mine)). So Huesca is safe if I take Zaragoza. So sending the 1 knight is fine.

Let's summarize the movements:
- **Attack Zaragoza:**
  - From Tarragona: 7 spear, 2 arch, 8 knight.
  - From Teruel: 1 arch, 7 knight.
  - From Pamplona: 4 arch.
  - From Huesca: 1 knight.
  - All target [17] Zaragoza.
- **Reinforce Murcia:**
  - From Valencia: 8 spear (all available). Target [15] Murcia.
- **Reinforce Huesca?** If I send the knight from Huesca, it's empty. Maybe I should send 1 knight from Barcelona to Huesca to defend it, while Huesca's knight goes to Zaragoza. But Huesca's knight is already there. If I send it to Zaragoza, Huesca has 0 troops. If the enemy attacks Huesca from Zaragoza (before I take it), I lose Huesca. But the enemy is defending Zaragoza, so they might not attack Huesca. It's a gamble. Alternatively, I don't send Huesca's knight. I keep it for defense. But every bit of attack power helps at Zaragoza. Let's check if Tarragona + Teruel is enough.
    - Tarragona: 43 attack.
    - Teruel: 30 attack.
    - Total sequential attacks. First one (say Tarragona) wins, reduces garrison. Second one (Teruel) wins, takes it.
    - If I add Pamplona (4 arch, attack 8 with counter = 12) and Huesca (1 knight, attack 4), it's overkill but ensures conquest.
    - Let's keep Huesca's knight for defense, or send it. I'll send it. If the enemy attacks Huesca, they probably won't send a huge army because they are defending Zaragoza.
- **Reinforce Burgos:**
  - Burgos has 3 knight. Def 8. Border with Vigo (def 5) and Madrid (def 20). Madrid is a bigger threat. I can send troops from Pamplona? Pamplona is sending 4 arch to Zaragoza. Barcelona has 6 knight. I can send 2 knight from Barcelona to Burgos. Barcelona to Burgos: road is [22] Barcelona -> [21] Tarragona -> [17] Zaragoza -> [19] Pamplona -> [14] Burgos? No, road network: [14] Burgos is connected to [10], [12], [19]. [19] Pamplona is connected to [14], [17], [20]. [20] Huesca is connected to [17], [19], [23]. [23] Girona is connected to [20], [22]. [22] Barcelona is connected to [21], [23]. [21] Tarragona is connected to [17], [18], [22].
    - So from Barcelona to Burgos: Barcelona -> Girona -> Huesca -> Pamplona -> Burgos. That's 4 segments. Travel time: knights are fast. 4 fast turns. Too slow for immediate reinforcement. I can't reinforce Burgos from Barcelona in 1 turn.
    - From Pamplona to Burgos: 1 fast turn. But Pamplona is sending archers to Zaragoza. I can't send from Pamplona to both unless I split the troops. Pamplona has 4 arch. I can send 2 arch to Zaragoza, 2 arch to Burgos. But archers are medium speed. Pamplona to Zaragoza is 1 medium turn. Pamplona to Burgos is 1 fast turn (if knights, but archers are medium? "march from [14] Burgos: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Madrid. To Pamplona? Road [14] - [19]. Distance is 1 segment. So 1 turn for any speed).
    - Let's check the march distances in the report:
      - "march from [14] Burgos: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" -> to Madrid.
      - "march from [19] Pamplona: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" -> to Zaragoza? No, the report says "march from [20] Huesca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Zaragoza. It doesn't list Pamplona to Zaragoza, but the road is [19] - [17]. So it's 1 segment. 1 turn.
    - So I can split Pamplona's troops: 2 arch to Zaragoza, 2 arch to Burgos. Or send all 4 to Zaragoza and hope Burgos holds. Burgos has 3 knight (def 8). Vigo has 2 knight (def 5). If the enemy attacks Burgos from Vigo, they might send 2 knight. My 3 knight vs 2 knight. Attack: 3*4=12. Def: 2*4=8. I win. If they attack from Madrid (def 20), they might send a larger force. But Madrid is 1 turn away. If they send from Madrid, it's a threat.
    - Let's look at the enemy's last turn: "A reinforcement of King A (3 spearmen, 3 archers, 4 knights) arrived at [14] Burgos". This suggests they are active near Burgos. But Burgos is mine now. Maybe they are attacking it? The report says "arrived at", not "attacked". This is very confusing. Let's assume they might attack Burgos. I should reinforce it.
    - I can send 2 arch from Pamplona to Burgos. Pamplona to Burgos is 1 turn.
    - I can also send the 3 knight from Burgos to Zaragoza? No, if I send them, Burgos is empty. Better to keep them.

Let's rethink the overall strategy.
I have 10 villages. I need 8 more.
The easiest targets are:
- [8] Toledo: Def 5, 2 arch. Border with [13] Teruel. I can attack from Teruel. Teruel has 1 arch, 7 knight. Attack 30. Def 5. Easy win.
- [10] Vigo: Def 5, 2 knight. Border with [14] Burgos. I can attack from Burgos. Burgos has 3 knight. Attack 12. Def 5. Easy win.
- [17] Zaragoza: Def 23. Border with Tarragona, Huesca, Pamplona, Teruel. I can attack with a combined force.
- [12] Madrid: Def 20. Border with Burgos, Zaragoza (if I take it). Once I have Zaragoza, I can attack Madrid from Zaragoza, Tarragona, etc.

Let's prioritize taking Toledo and Vigo to expand my territory and get more villages.
To take Toledo:
- Teruel -> Toledo: 1 turn. Send 1 arch, 7 knight. Attack 30 vs Def 5. Win.
To take Vigo:
- Burgos -> Vigo: 1 turn. Send 3 knight. Attack 12 vs Def 5. Win.
To take Zaragoza:
- Tarragona -> Zaragoza: 1 turn. Send 7 spear, 2 arch, 8 knight. Attack 43 vs Def 23. Win.
- Teruel -> Zaragoza: but Teruel is attacking Toledo. I can't do both from Teruel unless I split. But "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up... each send fights alone". If I send from Teruel to Toledo and Teruel to Zaragoza, they are two separate armies. They will fight sequentially at their targets. But Teruel only has 8 troops. If I split them, they are weaker. Better to send all to one target.
- So I should choose one main target per village.
- Let's look at the map. If I take Toledo, I open the road to [11] Cordoba and [8] Toledo? No, Toledo is [8]. Road: [8] Toledo is connected to [4], [11], [12], [13]. So taking Toledo gives me a path to [4] Badajoz, [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid.
- If I take Vigo, I open the road to [6] Porto, [7] Salamanca? No, Vigo is [10]. Road: [10] Vigo is connected to [6], [14]. So taking Vigo gives a path to Porto.
- If I take Zaragoza, I open the road to [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel (mine), [19] Pamplona (mine), [20] Huesca (mine), [21] Tarragona (mine). So Zaragoza is a huge hub. Taking it is very valuable.
- Let's focus on Zaragoza first. It's the biggest threat and the key to the north.
- I will send:
  - Tarragona: 7 spear, 2 arch, 8 knight -> Zaragoza.
  - Teruel: 1 arch, 7 knight -> Zaragoza.
  - Pamplona: 4 arch -> Zaragoza.
  - Huesca: 1 knight -> Zaragoza.
- This is a massive attack. Total troops sent: 17 + 8 + 4 + 1 = 30 troops.
- If I win, Zaragoza becomes mine. I will have 11 villages.
- Then I can build up Zaragoza and attack Madrid, Toledo, etc.
- What about defense?
  - Murcia is weak. I will send Valencia's 8 spear to Murcia to reinforce it.
  - Burgos is somewhat weak. I will keep the 3 knight there.
  - Valencia will be empty (sent 8 spear). But Valencia is interior (connected to Teruel, Murcia, Castellon). If Murcia is reinforced, Valencia is safe behind it.
  - Castellon is interior, safe.
  - Barcelona, Girona, Tarragona are safe.
  - Pamplona sent all archers, so it's empty. But it's connected to Burgos (mine), Huesca (mine), Zaragoza (target). If I take Zaragoza, Pamplona is safe. If I don't, it's vulnerable. But I'm sending all troops, so it's a gamble.
  - Huesca sent its knight, so it's empty. Connected to Girona (mine), Pamplona (mine), Zaragoza (target). Same gamble.
- Let's check if the enemy can attack my empty villages. Yes, if they march there. But they might be busy defending Zaragoza.
- Let's look at the enemy's possible moves. They might attack Murcia (def 5) or Burgos (def 8) or Huesca (def 3) or Pamplona (def 10).
- To protect Huesca, I can send 1 knight from Barcelona to Huesca. Barcelona has 6 knight. Send 1 to Huesca, 5 remain. Barcelona to Huesca: road is Barcelona -> Girona -> Huesca. 2 fast turns. So it arrives on turn 18. Not fast enough for turn 17. I need 1-turn reinforcement.
- Villages 1 turn from Huesca: Girona (mine), Pamplona (mine), Zaragoza (enemy). So only my own villages can reinforce it in 1 turn. Girona has 7 knight. I can send 1 knight from Girona to Huesca. Girona to Huesca: road [23] Girona -> [20] Huesca. 1 fast turn.
- Let's do that: send 1 knight from Girona to Huesca. Girona has 4 spear, 7 knight. Send 1 knight. Remaining: 4 spear, 6 knight.
- Pamplona is empty if I send all 4 arch. Can I send 2 arch to Zaragoza and 2 arch to Burgos? Or 2 arch to Zaragoza and 2 arch to Pamplona (defense)? Pamplona doesn't need defense if it has troops. But I can't send to my own village to "reinforce" if it's already there. "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So I can send troops from Pamplona to Pamplona? No, "fromId" and "toId" must be different. I can send from Girona to Pamplona? Girona -> Huesca -> Pamplona. 2 turns. Too slow.
- So Pamplona will be empty. I'll just send all 4 arch to Zaragoza.
- Let's check the build orders to replace losses and prepare for the next turn.
- I need to build troops in my villages to sustain the attack.
- Let's list the builds:
  - Barcelona: 1 knight, 1 archer, 2 spear. (Total 4)
  - Tarragona: 1 knight. (Total 1)
  - Girona: 1 knight, 1 archer. (Total 2)
  - Teruel: 1 knight. (Total 1)
  - Pamplona: 2 archers. (Total 2)
  - Burgos: 2 archers. (Total 2)
  - Valencia: 2 spearmen. (Total 2)
  - Huesca: 4 spearmen. (Total 4)
  - Castellon: 4 spearmen. (Total 4)
  - Murcia: 0 (no resources).

Let's double check the resource limits.
- Barcelona: Wood 90, Iron 50.
  - 1 knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. Remaining: 60 wood, 20 iron.
  - 1 archer: 20 wood, 10 iron. Remaining: 40 wood, 10 iron.
  - 2 spear: 30 wood, 0 iron. Remaining: 10 wood, 10 iron.
  - OK.
- Tarragona: Wood 40, Iron 30.
  - 1 knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. Remaining: 10 wood, 0 iron.
  - OK.
- Girona: Wood 60, Iron 40.
  - 1 knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. Remaining: 30 wood, 10 iron.
  - 1 archer: 20 wood, 10 iron. Remaining: 10 wood, 0 iron.
  - OK.
- Teruel: Wood 50, Iron 30.
  - 1 knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. Remaining: 20 wood, 0 iron.
  - OK.
- Pamplona: Wood 55, Iron 20.
  - 2 archers: 40 wood, 20 iron. Remaining: 15 wood, 0 iron.
  - OK.
- Burgos: Wood 40, Iron 90.
  - 2 archers: 40 wood, 20 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 70 iron.
  - OK.
- Valencia: Wood 30, Iron 40.
  - 2 spearmen: 30 wood, 0 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 40 iron.
  - OK.
- Huesca: Wood 120, Iron 20.
  - 4 spearmen: 60 wood, 0 iron. Remaining: 60 wood, 20 iron.
  - OK.
- Castellon: Wood 90, Iron 20.
  - 4 spearmen: 60 wood, 0 iron. Remaining: 30 wood, 20 iron.
  - OK.

Now, let's review the movements.
- **Zaragoza attack:**
  - Tarragona -> Zaragoza: 7 spear, 2 arch, 8 knight.
  - Teruel -> Zaragoza: 1 arch, 7 knight.
  - Pamplona -> Zaragoza: 4 arch.
  - Huesca -> Zaragoza: 1 knight.
- **Reinforcements:**
  - Valencia -> Murcia: 8 spear.
  - Girona -> Huesca: 1 knight. (To replace the one sent to Zaragoza, and defend Huesca).
  - Barcelona -> Girona? No, Girona is sending 1 knight to Huesca. Girona will have 6 knight left. It's fine.
  - What about Burgos? I can send 2 arch from Pamplona to Burgos? But Pamplona is sending 4 arch to Zaragoza. I can't split them unless I reduce the Zaragoza attack. Zaragoza attack is already very strong. Maybe I don't need all 4 arch from Pamplona. I can send 2 arch to Zaragoza, 2 arch to Burgos.
  - Let's check the attack power with 2 arch from Pamplona.
    - Tarragona: 43 attack.
    - Teruel: 30 attack.
    - Pamplona: 2 arch -> attack 4. Counter bonus (arch vs spear) = 6.
    - Huesca: 1 knight -> attack 4.
    - Total sequential attacks. First Tarragona (43) beats Zaragoza (23). Zaragoza garrison reduced. Then Teruel (30) beats reduced garrison. Then Pamplona (6) beats further reduced garrison. Then Huesca (4) cleans up. This is more than enough.
    - So I can split Pamplona's archers: 2 to Zaragoza, 2 to Burgos.
    - Pamplona to Burgos: 1 medium turn (archers). Arrives on turn 17. Burgos def becomes 8 + 2*2*1.25 = 13. Much safer.
    - Let's do that.
- **Toledo and Vigo:**
  - Should I attack them this turn?
  - If I attack Toledo from Teruel, I can't attack Zaragoza from Teruel. Teruel has 8 troops. If I send them to Toledo, Zaragoza attack is weaker.
  - Tarragona alone (43 attack) vs Zaragoza (23 def). Can Tarragona win alone?
    - 43 > 23. Yes, Tarragona can win alone.
    - But the enemy might reinforce Zaragoza. If they add even 10 troops, Tarragona might struggle.
    - Also, if Tarragona wins, it takes losses. Then Zaragoza is mine, but with reduced troops.
    - If I send Teruel to Toledo instead, I get another village (Toledo). That's +1 village (total 11). And I secure the south.
    - Let's compare:
      - Option A: Focus on Zaragoza. Send Tarragona, Pamplona, Huesca. Teruel goes to Toledo. Burgos goes to Vigo.
        - Zaragoza attack: Tarragona (43), Pamplona (4 arch -> 8 attack, 12 with counter), Huesca (1 knight -> 4). Total 3 armies. Tarragona wins, then Pamplona, then Huesca. Should be enough.
        - Toledo attack: Teruel (1 arch, 7 knight -> 30 attack) vs Toledo (2 arch -> def 5). Easy win.
        - Vigo attack: Burgos (3 knight -> 12 attack) vs Vigo (2 knight -> def 5). Easy win.
        - Reinforcements: Valencia -> Murcia (8 spear). Girona -> Huesca (1 knight).
        - This gives me 3 new villages (Zaragoza, Toledo, Vigo) if all succeed. Total 13 villages. That's a huge step towards 18!
        - Let's check the risks:
          - Tarragona vs Zaragoza: 43 vs 23. Tarragona wins but takes losses. Then Pamplona (4 arch) arrives. Zaragoza garrison is reduced. 4 arch vs remaining garrison. Might win. Then Huesca (1 knight) arrives. Wins.
          - If enemy reinforces Zaragoza heavily, my sequential attacks might fail. But the enemy doesn't know my orders (simultaneous). They might defend Zaragoza or attack elsewhere.
          - What if the enemy attacks Tarragona? Tarragona is strong (def 43). Unlikely.
          - What if the enemy attacks Murcia? I'm sending 8 spear from Valencia. They arrive on turn 17 and join the garrison. If the enemy attacks Murcia on turn 17, my 8 spear will be there to fight. The enemy garrison in Cordoba is 43 def. If they send a stack, it might be strong. But 8 spear + 2 knight (existing) = def 5 + 16 + 8 = 29. Better than 5.
          - What if the enemy attacks Burgos? I'm sending 2 arch from Pamplona. They arrive on turn 17. Burgos def becomes 8 + 4 = 12. Better.
          - What if the enemy attacks Huesca? I'm sending 1 knight from Girona. Arrives turn 17. Huesca def becomes 3 + 2 = 5. Still weak, but better.
          - What if the enemy attacks Pamplona? Pamplona is sending 2 arch to Zaragoza, 2 arch to Burgos. So Pamplona is empty. If the enemy attacks Pamplona, I lose it. But Pamplona is connected to Burgos (mine), Huesca (mine), Zaragoza (enemy). If the enemy attacks from Zaragoza, they might take it. But I am attacking Zaragoza, so maybe they are busy.
      - Option B: Focus only on Zaragoza. Send all available troops to Zaragoza. Tarragona, Teruel, Pamplona, Huesca. This maximizes the chance of taking Zaragoza, but I miss out on Toledo and Vigo which are free villages.
      - Option C: Focus on Toledo and Vigo, ignore Zaragoza. This gives me 2 villages but leaves Zaragoza as a threat. The enemy can reinforce it and attack my border villages.
      - I think Option A is the best. It aggressively expands on multiple fronts, taking easy villages and the key hub Zaragoza.
      - Let's refine the troop allocations for Option A.
        - **Zaragoza:**
          - Tarragona: 7 spear, 2 arch, 8 knight. (All available)
          - Pamplona: 2 arch. (Send 2, keep 2 for Burgos? No, send 2 to Zaragoza, 2 to Burgos).
          - Huesca: 1 knight. (All available)
          - Teruel: Do not send to Zaragoza. Send to Toledo.
        - **Toledo:**
          - Teruel: 1 arch, 7 knight. (All available)
        - **Vigo:**
          - Burgos: 3 knight. (All available)
        - **Reinforce Murcia:**
          - Valencia: 8 spear. (All available)
        - **Reinforce Huesca:**
          - Girona: 1 knight. (Send 1, keep 6 knight, 4 spear).
        - **Reinforce Burgos:**
          - Pamplona: 2 arch. (Send 2, keep 0).
      - Let's check the travel times:
        - Tarragona -> Zaragoza: 1 fast turn (knights). Arrives turn 17.
        - Pamplona -> Zaragoza: 1 medium turn (archers). Arrives turn 17.
        - Huesca -> Zaragoza: 1 fast turn (knight). Arrives turn 17.
        - Teruel -> Toledo: 1 fast turn (knights). Arrives turn 17.
        - Burgos -> Vigo: 1 fast turn (knights). Arrives turn 17.
        - Valencia -> Murcia: 1 slow turn (spear). Arrives turn 17.
        - Girona -> Huesca: 1 fast turn (knight). Arrives turn 17.
        - Pamplona -> Burgos: 1 medium turn (archers). Arrives turn 17.
      - All movements arrive on turn 17. This is perfect. The battles will happen on turn 17.

Let's double check the road connections for each movement.
- Tarragona [21] -> Zaragoza [17]: Road [21] - [17]. Yes, 1 segment.
- Pamplona [19] -> Zaragoza [17]: Road [19] - [17]. Yes, 1 segment.
- Huesca [20] -> Zaragoza [17]: Road [20] - [17]. Yes, 1 segment.
- Teruel [13] -> Toledo [8]: Road [13] - [8]. Yes, 1 segment.
- Burgos [14] -> Vigo [10]: Road [14] - [10]. Yes, 1 segment.
- Valencia [16] -> Murcia [15]: Road [16] - [15]. Yes, 1 segment.
- Girona [23] -> Huesca [20]: Road [23] - [20]. Yes, 1 segment.
- Pamplona [19] -> Burgos [14]: Road [19] - [14]. Yes, 1 segment.

All roads exist and are 1 segment long.

Let's calculate the battles for turn 17.
**Battle 1: Zaragoza**
- Defender: 4 spear, 4 arch, 1 knight. Def 23.
- Attackers arrive sequentially. The order is not specified, but let's assume the strongest goes first or they are random.
- If Tarragona goes first:
  - Attack: 7 spear (7), 2 arch (4), 8 knight (32). Total 43.
  - Most numerous: knight (8). Defender most numerous: spear/arch (tie -> spear). Knight vs spear: no counter.
  - Effective attack: 43. Def 23. Tarragona wins.
  - Losses: Tarragona loses some troops. Let's estimate 1/4 of defender's force? 23 / 4 ≈ 6 troops lost. Mostly spearmen/knights.
  - Zaragoza garrison reduced to ~17 troops. Effective defense reduced.
- If Pamplona (2 arch) goes next:
  - Attack: 2 arch (4). Most numerous: arch. Defender remaining: mostly spear/arch. Archer counters spear! Bonus 1.5x. Effective attack: 6.
  - Defender defense: maybe 15. 6 < 15. Pamplona loses.
  - Wait, this is bad. If Pamplona loses, those 2 arch are gone.
  - Let's check the order. "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
  - If the order is Tarragona, then Pamplona, then Huesca.
  - Tarragona wins, reduces garrison.
  - Pamplona (2 arch) might lose against the reduced garrison.
  - Huesca (1 knight) might also lose.
  - This means I might lose the reinforcements without conquering the village.
  - To avoid this, I should only send armies that have a high chance of winning against the *current* garrison.
  - Tarragona (43 attack) vs 23 def. Wins.
  - Teruel (30 attack) vs 23 def. Wins.
  - If I send Tarragona and Teruel, they both win against the initial garrison (if they fight it). But they fight sequentially. The first one fights the full garrison (23 def). The second one fights the reduced garrison (maybe 10-15 def). Both should win.
  - Pamplona (2 arch, attack 4, 6 with counter) vs 23 def. Loses. So don't send Pamplona to Zaragoza.
  - Huesca (1 knight, attack 4) vs 23 def. Loses. So don't send Huesca to Zaragoza.
  - So I should only send Tarragona and Teruel to Zaragoza.
  - But Teruel is going to Toledo. Toledo is def 5. Teruel (30 attack) will definitely win. And I get a village.
  - If I send Teruel to Zaragoza instead, I get Zaragoza but not Toledo.
  - Let's compare the value. Zaragoza is a major hub. Toledo is a minor village but gives +1 to my count.
  - If I send Tarragona to Zaragoza, and Teruel to Toledo:
    - Tarragona (43) vs Zaragoza (23). Tarragona wins. Zaragoza is conquered. Tarragona's army is in Zaragoza.
    - Teruel (30) vs Toledo (5). Teruel wins. Toledo is conquered.
    - This gives me 2 villages (Zaragoza, Toledo). Total 12.
    - What about Vigo? Burgos (3 knight, 12 attack) vs Vigo (2 knight, def 5). Burgos wins. Vigo conquered. Total 13.
    - This is 3 new villages! Zaragoza, Toledo, Vigo.
    - But wait, if Tarragona wins against Zaragoza, it conquers it. The army stops there. It doesn't continue to Madrid. So Zaragoza becomes mine.
    - Is Tarragona alone enough to conquer Zaragoza? Yes, 43 > 23.
    - But what if the enemy reinforces Zaragoza on the same turn? The enemy writes their orders at the same time. They might send reinforcements to Zaragoza. If they send, say, 10 troops, the garrison becomes 33 def. Tarragona (43) still wins. If they send 20 troops, garrison becomes 43 def. Tarragona might lose or tie (tie favors defender). So there is a risk.
    - To mitigate this risk, I can send Teruel to Zaragoza instead of Toledo. But then I don't get Toledo.
    - Let's look at the enemy's last turn. They sent reinforcements to Madrid, Cordoba, and Burgos (which is mine). They seem to be reinforcing their core territories. Zaragoza is a border town. They might not reinforce it heavily, or they might attack my villages.
    - I think the risk is worth it. Taking Zaragoza is crucial. But taking Toledo and Vigo is also good.
    - Let's look at the map again. If I take Zaragoza, I connect to Madrid, Toledo, etc. If I take Toledo, I connect to Cordoba, Badajoz, Madrid. If I take Vigo, I connect to Porto, Salamanca.
    - Taking all three is the best outcome.
    - Let's assume Tarragona can take Zaragoza alone.
    - Let's assume Teruel can take Toledo alone.
    - Let's assume Burgos can take Vigo alone.
    - This is a 3-pronged attack.
    - What about defense?
      - Valencia -> Murcia: 8 spear. Reinforces Murcia.
      - Pamplona -> Burgos: 2 arch. Reinforces Burgos.
      - Girona -> Huesca: 1 knight. Reinforces Huesca.
      - Pamplona -> Zaragoza: 0. (I decided not to send archers to Zaragoza because they would likely lose).
      - Huesca -> Zaragoza: 0. (Knight would lose).
    - So my villages are safe-ish.
    - Let's check the troop counts after sending:
      - Tarragona: sends all (7 spear, 2 arch, 8 knight). Remaining: 0.
      - Teruel: sends all (1 arch, 7 knight). Remaining: 0.
      - Burgos: sends all (3 knight). Remaining: 0.
      - Valencia: sends all (8 spear). Remaining: 0.
      - Pamplona: sends 2 arch to Burgos. Remaining: 2 arch.
      - Girona: sends 1 knight to Huesca. Remaining: 4 spear, 6 knight.
      - Huesca: sends 0. Remaining: 1 knight.
      - Barcelona: sends 0. Remaining: 4 spear, 0 arch, 6 knight.
      - Castellon: sends 0. Remaining: 0 spear, 0 arch, 1 knight.
      - Murcia: sends 0. Remaining: 2 knight.
    - This leaves my home villages with some troops for defense.
    - Tarragona, Teruel, Burgos, Valencia are empty. But they are not bordering the enemy (except Tarragona borders Zaragoza, but I am attacking Zaragoza so it's offensive). If the enemy attacks Tarragona, it's empty. But Tarragona has def 43, so the enemy would need a huge army to take it. Unlikely.
    - Teruel borders Toledo (enemy) and Zaragoza (enemy). If I attack Toledo, Teruel is empty. If the enemy attacks Teruel from Toledo, they might take it. But I am attacking Toledo, so the enemy's troops are there. It's a race.
    - Burgos borders Vigo (enemy) and Madrid (enemy). If I attack Vigo, Burgos is empty. If the enemy attacks Burgos from Madrid, they might take it. But I am sending 2 arch from Pamplona to Burgos. They arrive on turn 17. So Burgos will have 2 arch + 0 existing (since I sent 3 knight). Wait, I sent 3 knight from Burgos to Vigo. So Burgos is empty. The 2 arch from Pamplona arrive on turn 17 and join the garrison. So Burgos will have 2 arch on turn 17. If the enemy attacks Burgos on turn 17, the 2 arch will defend it. Def = 2*2*1.25 = 5. Plus location bonus? "effective defense (location bonus included): 8". Wait, the 8 is the current defense with 3 knight. If I remove the 3 knight, the base defense is lower. Let's calculate: 3 knight base defense = 3 * 2 = 6. Location bonus for castle/village? "defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle". Burgos is a village? "effective defense (location bonus included): 8". So base defense = 8 / 1.25 = 6.4. 3 knight give 6 defense. So base defense without troops is 0.4? That doesn't make sense. Maybe the village itself has some defense. Let's assume the "effective defense" is a fixed number for the village + troops. If I remove troops, the effective defense drops. The report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 8". This is the total defense. If I send the 3 knight, the defense drops by their contribution. Knight defense is 2. In a village, 2 * 1.25 = 2.5. 3 knights = 7.5. So the village itself has 8 - 7.5 = 0.5 defense. If I add 2 archers: archer defense is 2. 2 * 1.25 = 2.5 each. Total 5. So new effective defense = 0.5 + 5 = 5.5. Still weak.
    - This is a risk. Maybe I shouldn't send all troops from Burgos. I can send 1 knight to Vigo, keep 2 knight in Burgos. Vigo def is 5. 1 knight attack = 4. 4 < 5. I lose. So I need at least 2 knight to beat Vigo (attack 8 > 5). If I send 2 knight, I keep 1 knight in Burgos. Burgos def = 2.5 (knight) + 0.5 = 3. Then I send 2 arch from Pamplona. Burgos def = 3 + 5 = 8. Better.
    - Let's adjust:
      - Burgos -> Vigo: 2 knight. (Keep 1 knight in Burgos).
      - Pamplona -> Burgos: 2 arch.
      - Vigo def 5. 2 knight attack = 8. 8 > 5. Win.
    - Similarly, for Teruel -> Toledo:
      - Teruel has 1 arch, 7 knight. Send all to Toledo. Attack 30 vs 5. Win.
    - For Tarragona -> Zaragoza:
      - Send all. Attack 43 vs 23. Win.

Let's review the build orders again. I need to replace the troops I am sending.
- Tarragona: sends 7 spear, 2 arch, 8 knight. Needs to build replacements. Build 1 knight.
- Teruel: sends 1 arch, 7 knight. Build 1 knight.
- Burgos: sends 2 knight. Build 2 archers (to replace the 2 arch coming from Pamplona? No, the 2 arch from Pamplona are reinforcements. Burgos itself should build troops to sustain its own garrison). Build 2 archers.
- Valencia: sends 8 spear. Build 2 spearmen.
- Pamplona: sends 2 arch to Burgos. Build 2 archers.
- Girona: sends 1 knight to Huesca. Build 1 knight, 1 archer.
- Barcelona: builds 1 knight, 1 archer, 2 spear.
- Huesca: builds 4 spearmen.
- Castellon: builds 4 spearmen.

Let's check the resources for these builds.
- Tarragona: Wood 40, Iron 30. Build 1 knight (30/30). OK.
- Teruel: Wood 50, Iron 30. Build 1 knight (30/30). OK.
- Burgos: Wood 40, Iron 90. Build 2 archers (40/20). OK.
- Valencia: Wood 30, Iron 40. Build 2 spearmen (30/0). OK.
- Pamplona: Wood 55, Iron 20. Build 2 archers (40/20). OK.
- Girona: Wood 60, Iron 40. Build 1 knight (30/30) + 1 archer (20/10). Total 50/40. OK.
- Barcelona: Wood 90, Iron 50. Build 1 knight (30/30) + 1 archer (20/10) + 2 spear (30/0). Total 80/40. Remaining 10/10. OK.
- Huesca: Wood 120, Iron 20. Build 4 spearmen (60/0). OK.
- Castellon: Wood 90, Iron 20. Build 4 spearmen (60/0). OK.

This looks solid.

Let's write down the final orders.

**Builds:**
- Barcelona: 1 knight, 1 archer, 2 spear.
- Tarragona: 1 knight.
- Girona: 1 knight, 1 archer.
- Teruel: 1 knight.
- Pamplona: 2 archers.
- Burgos: 2 archers.
- Valencia: 2 spearmen.
- Huesca: 4 spearmen.
- Castellon: 4 spearmen.

**Movements:**
- Tarragona -> Zaragoza: 7 spear, 2 arch, 8 knight.
- Teruel -> Toledo: 1 arch, 7 knight.
- Burgos -> Vigo: 2 knight.
- Valencia -> Murcia: 8 spear.
- Pamplona -> Burgos: 2 arch.
- Girona -> Huesca: 1 knight.

Let's double check the troop counts available to send.
- Tarragona: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 7 spearman, 2 archer, 8 knight". Matches.
- Teruel: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 7 knight". Matches.
- Burgos: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight". I am sending 2 knight. Matches.
- Valencia: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 8 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight". Matches.
- Pamplona: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 4 archer, 0 knight". I am sending 2 arch to Burgos. Matches.
- Girona: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 7 knight". I am sending 1 knight. Matches.

Wait, I didn't send any troops to Zaragoza from Pamplona or Huesca. That's fine. Tarragona alone should be enough.
Let's check if Tarragona alone can conquer Zaragoza.
- Tarragona attack: 7 spear (7), 2 arch (4), 8 knight (32). Total 43.
- Zaragoza defense: 23.
- 43 > 23. Tarragona wins.
- The enemy might send reinforcements to Zaragoza on the same turn. But since orders are simultaneous, they don't know I am attacking with Tarragona. They might send troops to defend it. If they send, say, 10 troops, defense becomes 33. 43 > 33. Still win. If they send 20 troops, defense becomes 43. Tie goes to defender. So I might fail if they heavily reinforce. But it's a risk I have to take.
- Also, if I win, Tarragona's army takes losses. But I conquer the village. The remaining troops in Tarragona (after losses) will be the garrison. I will build more next turn.

Let's check the "plan" and "statement" requirements.
- "plan": 2 to 4 lines. Note to next turn.
- "statement": 2 to 4 lines. Audience.

**Plan:**
I will write a plan summarizing the strategy: attack Zaragoza, Toledo, Vigo to expand territory. Reinforce Murcia, Burgos, Huesca. Next turn: assess battle results, rebuild losses, and push towards Madrid and Cordoba.

**Statement:**
I will write a statement about the grand assault on the enemy's northern holdings, aiming to break their lines and secure three new villages in one turn.

Let's format the JSON correctly.

```json
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 13, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 19, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 14, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 21, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 7, "archer": 2, "knight": 8}},
    {"fromId": 13, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 7}},
    {"fromId": 14, "toId": 10, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 16, "toId": 15, "troops": {"spearman": 8, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 19, "toId": 14, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 23, "toId": 20, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}}
  ],
  "plan": "Launch a three-pronged assault: Tarragona takes Zaragoza, Teruel takes Toledo, Burgos takes Vigo. Reinforce Murcia with Valencia's spearmen, Burgos with Pamplona's archers, and Huesca with Girona's knight. Next turn, assess losses, rebuild troops, and prepare pushes toward Madrid and Cordoba.",
  "statement": "King B's forces strike on all fronts this turn! Tarragona's mighty host marches on Zaragoza, while Teruel and Burgos sweep aside the weak garrisons of Toledo and Vigo. In the south, Valencia's spearmen rush to defend Murcia, and Pamplona's archers reinforce Burgos. We aim to conquer three villages today and bring our total to thirteen, closing in on the enemy capital!"
}
```

Let's double check the village IDs.
- Barcelona: 22
- Tarragona: 21
- Girona: 23
- Teruel: 13
- Pamplona: 19
- Burgos: 14
- Valencia: 16
- Huesca: 20
- Castellon: 18
- Murcia: 15
- Zaragoza: 17
- Toledo: 8
- Vigo: 10

All IDs match the report.

Let's check the troop counts in movements.
- Tarragona -> Zaragoza: 7 spear, 2 arch, 8 knight. Correct.
- Teruel -> Toledo: 1 arch, 7 knight. Correct.
- Burgos -> Vigo: 2 knight. Correct.
- Valencia -> Murcia: 8 spear. Correct.
- Pamplona -> Burgos: 2 arch. Correct.
- Girona -> Huesca: 1 knight. Correct.

Let's check the build quantities.
- Barcelona: 1 knight, 1 archer, 2 spear. Correct.
- Tarragona: 1 knight. Correct.
- Girona: 1 knight, 1 archer. Correct.
- Teruel: 1 knight. Correct.
- Pamplona: 2 archers. Correct.
- Burgos: 2 archers. Correct.
- Valencia: 2 spearmen. Correct.
- Huesca: 4 spearmen. Correct.
- Castellon: 4 spearmen. Correct.

Everything looks consistent. I will output the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":21,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":7,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":8}},{"origemId":13,"destinoId":8,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":7}},{"origemId":14,"destinoId":10,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":16,"destinoId":15,"tropas":{"lanceiro":8,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":19,"destinoId":14,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":23,"destinoId":20,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [22]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [23]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [13]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [19]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [19]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [14]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [14]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [20]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [20]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [20]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [20]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO envio [21]->[17]: 7S+2A+8K
ACEITO envio [13]->[8]: 1A+7K
ACEITO envio [14]->[10]: 2K
ACEITO envio [16]->[15]: 8S
ACEITO envio [19]->[14]: 2A
ACEITO envio [23]->[20]: 1K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Launch a three-pronged assault: Tarragona takes Zaragoza, Teruel takes Toledo, Burgos takes Vigo. Reinforce Murcia with Valencia's spearmen, Burgos with Pamplona's archers, and Huesca with Girona's knight. Next turn, assess losses, rebuild troops, and prepare pushes toward Madrid and Cordoba.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): King B's forces strike on all fronts this turn! Tarragona's mighty host marches on Zaragoza, while Teruel and Burgos sweep aside the weak garrisons of Toledo and Vigo. In the south, Valencia's spearmen rush to defend Murcia, and Pamplona's archers reinforce Burgos. We aim to conquer three villages today and bring our total to thirteen, closing in on the enemy capital!
COMBATE-ESTRADA no trecho [14] Burgos-[19] Pamplona: A (ia [14] Burgos->[19] Pamplona) vs B (ia [19] Pamplona->[14] Burgos) Fatk=6 (ef 9) Fdef=24 (ef 24) vant=1 -> vence B | exercito de A ANIQUILADO (6S) | vencedor perdeu 1
REFORCO [9] Sevilha dono A: 2S+5A+1K
COMBATE [11] Cordoba: atacante A Fatk=31 (ef 31) Fdef=12 (ef 23) vant=-1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~11
REFORCO [11] Cordoba dono A: 2S+5A+1K
COMBATE [17] Zaragoza: atacante A Fatk=27 (ef 27) Fdef=10 (ef 13) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~6
REFORCO [12] Madrid dono A: 6S
REFORCO [14] Burgos dono A: 3S+3A+4K
REFORCO [1] Santarem dono A: 4A
COMBATE [15] Murcia: atacante B Fatk=12 (ef 18) Fdef=12 (ef 15) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~5
COMBATE [14] Burgos: atacante B Fatk=20 (ef 30) Fdef=22 (ef 28) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~9
COMBATE [17] Zaragoza: atacante B Fatk=24 (ef 24) Fdef=24 (ef 45) vant=-1 -> vence defensor | baixas~6
REFORCO [13] Teruel dono B: 2K
REFORCO [13] Teruel dono B: 2K
placar: A 14 ald/tropas 88 | B 10 ald/tropas 27 | neutras 0 | transito 6 (A 0 | B 6)

########## TURNO 17 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4246 | resposta 26017 | raciocinio 19672 | finish stop | ms 260718
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 7, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 9, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 11, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 12, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 6, \"toId\": 10, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 11, \"toId\": 8, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 3, \"archer\": 11, \"knight\": 3}},\n    {\"fromId\": 9, \"toId\": 11, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 6, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 3, \"toId\": 6, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 3}},\n    {\"fromId\": 5, \"toId\": 9, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 4}},\n    {\"fromId\": 1, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 5, \"knight\": 8}},\n    {\"fromId\": 2, \"toId\": 5, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 0, \"toId\": 1, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 7, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 0}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Conquer Vigo and Toledo this turn to open the northern and central fronts. Shift all troops to the border villages: reinforce Badajoz, Porto, Cordoba, and Madrid for the next wave of attacks. Next turn, attack Burgos from Vigo and Murcia from Cordoba. Build archers in all villages to maintain the flow of reinforcements.\",\n  \"statement\": \"I have launched a massive pincer movement. My northern army takes Vigo while my southern army strikes Toledo. I have emptied the interior to reinforce the borders, moving troops from Sevilha, Coimbra, Faro, Santarem, Evora, Lisboa, and Salamanca to the front lines. We now hold the initiative and will push deeper into enemy territory next turn.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A and provide a JSON response with my orders for the current turn.

Let's analyze the current state:
- I am King A. I hold 11 villages out of 24 (need 18 for 2 consecutive turns to win, or eliminate all enemy villages).
- My capital is Lisboa [0].
- My villages:
  - [0] Lisboa: 2 archer. Def 6.
  - [1] Santarem: 13 troops (5 archer, 8 knight). Def 33.
  - [2] Evora: 5 troops (3 archer, 2 knight). Def 13.
  - [3] Coimbra: 5 troops (2 archer, 3 knight). Def 13.
  - [4] Badajoz: 6 troops (6 archer). Def 15. Border with [8] Toledo (enemy).
  - [5] Faro: 4 troops (4 knight). Def 10.
  - [6] Porto: 4 troops (2 archer, 2 knight). Def 10. Border with [10] Vigo (enemy).
  - [7] Salamanca: 1 troop (1 archer). Def 3.
  - [9] Sevilha: 10 troops (2 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight). Def 25.
  - [11] Cordoba: 17 troops (3 spearman, 11 archer, 3 knight). Def 43. Border with [8], [15] (enemy).
  - [12] Madrid: 8 troops (6 spearman, 2 archer). Def 20. Border with [8], [14] (enemy).

Enemy Villages visible:
- [8] Toledo: 1 archer, 7 knights. Def 20. (Enemy capital? No, Barcelona [22] is the enemy capital).
- [10] Vigo: 1 knight. Def 3.
- [14] Burgos: 4 archers, 1 knight. Def 13.
- [15] Murcia: 8 spearmen, 2 knights. Def 25.
- [17] Zaragoza: 4 spearmen, 1 archer, 5 knights. Def 25.

Let's look at the borders and potential attacks.
My goal is to hold 18 villages. I currently have 11. I need to conquer 7 more.
The enemy has many villages. Let's see which ones are weak.
- [10] Vigo has only 1 knight, defense 3. It's connected to [6] Porto. Porto has 4 troops (2 archer, 2 knight). I can easily take Vigo.
- [8] Toledo has 1 archer, 7 knights, defense 20. It's connected to [4] Badajoz, [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid. I have troops near.
- [14] Burgos has 4 archers, 1 knight, defense 13. Connected to [10] Vigo, [12] Madrid, [19] Pamplona.
- [15] Murcia has 8 spearmen, 2 knights, defense 25. Connected to [11] Cordoba, [16] Valencia.
- [17] Zaragoza has 4 spearmen, 1 archer, 5 knights, defense 25. Connected to [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona.

Let's look at troop production and resources:
- [0] Lisboa: wood 60, iron 70. Can build archers (20 wood, 10 iron). Cap 300, currently 2.
- [1] Santarem: wood 70, iron 50. Can build archers or knights (30 wood, 30 iron). Currently 13.
- [2] Evora: wood 60, iron 60. Currently 5.
- [3] Coimbra: wood 80, iron 50. Currently 5.
- [4] Badajoz: wood 60, iron 60. Currently 6.
- [5] Faro: wood 95, iron 40. Currently 4.
- [6] Porto: wood 80, iron 40. Currently 4.
- [7] Salamanca: wood 70, iron 110. Currently 1.
- [9] Sevilha: wood 60, iron 40. Currently 10.
- [11] Cordoba: wood 30, iron 20. Currently 17.
- [12] Madrid: wood 80, iron 50. Currently 8.

Let's check the combat rules:
- spearman: attack 1, defense 2, speed slow (costs 15 wood + 0 iron).
- archer: attack 2, defense 2, speed medium (costs 20 wood + 10 iron).
- knight: attack 4, defense 2, speed fast (costs 30 wood + 30 iron).
- Counter triangle: spearman counters knight (1.5x), archer counters spearman (1.5x), knight counters archers (1.5x). Most numerous type sets the matchup.
- Defense in village: defense x1.25. In castle x1.5. Open field no bonus.
- Effective defense in report already includes location bonus.

Let's look at the enemy villages and what I can attack:
- [10] Vigo: Def 3. 1 knight.
  - From [6] Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.
  - If I send 2 archer, 2 knight from Porto: 2 archers (attack 4), 2 knights (attack 8). Total attack 12. Most numerous is tie (2 archer, 2 knight). Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight -> archer vs knight? No, the rule says "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)". So archer sets the matchup. Archer vs knight? Knight counters archer, so if enemy is knight, my archers get countered? Wait, "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup". My most numerous is archer (or knight, tie breaks to archer). Enemy is knight. Archer vs knight: spearman counters knight, archer counters spearman, knight counters archer. So knight counters archer. My archer attack is multiplied by 1? No, knight counters archer, so knight gets 1.5x against archer? "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5". So knight gets 1.5x against archer. My archers get normal attack? Or is it archer vs knight, knight counters archer, so knight gets 1.5x. Let's calculate effective attack.
  - Let's just send troops to Vigo. It has 1 knight, def 3. I can send 2 archer, 2 knight from Porto. Or just 2 knight from Porto. Or from [3] Coimbra (3 knight) or [7] Salamanca.
  - Actually, Porto has 2 archer, 2 knight. If I send all, it takes 1 turn (fast).
  - Let's check the distance: [6] Porto to [10] Vigo is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn. So 1 turn for knights, 1 turn for archers.
  - Enemy defense is 3. With 1 knight, defense is 2 * 1.25 = 2.5? Effective defense is 3.
  - If I send 2 archers, 2 knights: attack of archers = 2*2 = 4. Attack of knights = 2*4 = 8. Total 12. Enemy defense 3. Easy win.
  - Let's look at [14] Burgos: 4 archers, 1 knight, def 13. From [12] Madrid (6 spearman, 2 archer). Or from [10] Vigo if I conquer it.
  - Let's look at [8] Toledo: 1 archer, 7 knights, def 20. From [4] Badajoz (6 archer), [11] Cordoba (3 spearman, 11 archer, 3 knight), [12] Madrid (6 spearman, 2 archer).
    - If I attack Toledo from Cordoba: 3 spearman, 11 archer, 3 knight. Most numerous is archer (11). Enemy most numerous is knight (7). Archer vs knight: knight counters archer. So enemy knights get 1.5x attack? No, "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)". My most numerous is archer, enemy is knight. Knight counters archer. So enemy gets 1.5x? "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5". So enemy knights get 1.5x attack. My archers get normal attack? Or does the counter apply to the one who has the advantage? "spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archers. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So if I have spearman and enemy has knight, I have the counter, my force is multiplied by 1.5. If I have archer and enemy has spearman, I have the counter, my force is multiplied by 1.5. If I have knight and enemy has archer, I have the counter, my force is multiplied by 1.5.
    - So if my most numerous is archer, and enemy is knight, enemy has the counter (knight counters archer). So enemy force is multiplied by 1.5. My force is not multiplied.
    - Let's check Toledo defense: 20. Enemy has 7 knights, 1 archer. Knights attack 4, defense 2. Effective defense 20.
    - If I send 3 spearman, 11 archer, 3 knight from Cordoba. Spearman attack 3, archer attack 22, knight attack 12. Total attack 37. Enemy defense 20. Even if enemy gets 1.5x on knights, their defense is 20. Wait, defense doesn't get multiplied by counter, only attack? "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archers. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So only attack is multiplied by counter. Defense is just defense.
    - So if I attack Toledo with Cordoba's troops: my attack is 37. Enemy defense is 20. I win.
    - But Cordoba is a border village with [8] Toledo and [15] Murcia. If I send all troops from Cordoba, it will be empty. Is that okay? Cordoba has def 43 with 17 troops. If I send them all, def becomes 4 (base defense?). Wait, effective defense is 43 with 17 troops. If I send them all, defense drops. But I'm attacking, so I want to conquer.
    - Let's look at the map. I need to expand.
    - Let's plan the campaign.
    - I have 11 villages. I need 18.
    - Enemy has: [8] Toledo, [10] Vigo, [14] Burgos, [15] Murcia, [17] Zaragoza, [13] Teruel, [16] Valencia, [18] Castellon, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona, [23] Girona. That's 13 enemy villages. Total 24. 11 + 13 = 24.
    - To win, I need to hold 18, which means taking 7 from the enemy.
    - Let's look at the easiest ones to take:
      - [10] Vigo: 1 knight, def 3. Easy.
      - [14] Burgos: 4 archers, 1 knight, def 13. Easy.
      - [8] Toledo: 1 archer, 7 knights, def 20. Medium.
      - [15] Murcia: 8 spearmen, 2 knights, def 25. Medium.
      - [17] Zaragoza: 4 spearmen, 1 archer, 5 knights, def 25. Medium.
    - Let's look at the connections.
      - Porto [6] -> Vigo [10] -> Burgos [14] -> Pamplona [19] -> Zaragoza [17] etc.
      - Madrid [12] -> Burgos [14], Zaragoza [17], Toledo [8].
      - Cordoba [11] -> Toledo [8], Murcia [15] -> Valencia [16].
      - Badajoz [4] -> Toledo [8], Sevilha [9], Faro [5], Salamanca [7].
    - If I take Vigo [10] from Porto [6], I can then push to Burgos [14].
    - If I take Toledo [8] from Cordoba [11] or Madrid [12], I can push to Zaragoza [17] or Teruel [13].
    - Let's look at the troop counts and what I can build.
    - I need to build troops to replace losses and reinforce.
    - Let's check resources and build orders.
    - [1] Santarem: wood 70, iron 50. Can build knights (30 wood, 30 iron) or archers (20 wood, 10 iron). Let's build knights or archers. I have 8 knights already. Building more knights is good for fast attacks. But knights are expensive. Let's build archers: 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 2 archers.
    - [11] Cordoba: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron). Let's build 1 archer.
    - [12] Madrid: wood 80, iron 50. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Let's build 2 archers.
    - [9] Sevilha: wood 60, iron 40. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 2 archers.
    - [4] Badajoz: wood 60, iron 60. Can build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 3 archers.
    - [6] Porto: wood 80, iron 40. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Let's build 2 archers.
    - [0] Lisboa: wood 60, iron 70. Can build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 3 archers.
    - [2] Evora: wood 60, iron 60. Can build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 3 archers.
    - [3] Coimbra: wood 80, iron 50. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Let's build 2 archers.
    - [5] Faro: wood 95, iron 40. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Let's build 2 archers.
    - [7] Salamanca: wood 70, iron 110. Can build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Let's build 3 archers.

Let's focus on the immediate attacks.
Turn 17:
- Attack [10] Vigo from [6] Porto.
  - Porto has 2 archer, 2 knight. Send all 4.
  - Vigo has 1 knight, def 3.
  - My attack: 2 archers (4) + 2 knights (8) = 12. Enemy def 3. Easy win.
  - Distance: 1 fast turn. So they arrive next turn (Turn 18).
- Attack [8] Toledo from [11] Cordoba.
  - Cordoba has 3 spearman, 11 archer, 3 knight. Send all 17.
  - Toledo has 1 archer, 7 knights, def 20.
  - My attack: 3 spearman (3) + 11 archer (22) + 3 knight (12) = 37. Enemy def 20. Win.
  - Distance: 1 fast turn. Arrives Turn 18.
  - Wait, Cordoba is connected to [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia.
  - If I send all from Cordoba, Cordoba will be empty. But I'm attacking Toledo, which is enemy. If I win, I conquer Toledo. Cordoba remains mine but empty.
  - Is it safe to leave Cordoba empty? It borders [15] Murcia (enemy) and [8] Toledo (which I will conquer). If I conquer Toledo, it borders [11] Cordoba, [4] Badajoz, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel. If I leave Cordoba empty, and enemy attacks it? Enemy is King B, they might attack Cordoba. But Cordoba has no troops, so they would conquer it. But I just sent all troops to Toledo. If I conquer Toledo, I have Toledo's troops? No, the troops I sent are consumed in the battle. The conquered village has its own garrison? No, when you conquer a village, you get the village but the troops you sent are lost in battle (attrition). The village's original garrison is destroyed. So Toledo will have 0 troops after I conquer it, unless I send reinforcements later.
  - Let's check the combat rules: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
  - So my 17 troops will take losses against Toledo's defense of 20. I will lose some troops. The rest will be in Toledo? No, the troops that survive the battle are the ones that conquer the village. Wait, "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there... The winner also takes losses...". So the army that attacked survives with losses and occupies the village. So the surviving troops from Cordoba will be in Toledo.
  - Let's calculate losses: My effective force is 37. Enemy effective defense is 20. Losses are proportional? "attrition against the loser's effective force". Usually, losses = loser's force / winner's force * winner's troops? Or something like that. The prompt doesn't specify the exact formula, but says "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
  - Anyway, sending all from Cordoba to Toledo is a big move. Let's see if I should send all or just part.
  - If I send all, Cordoba is empty. But Cordoba is interior, no enemy border except [8] Toledo and [15] Murcia. If I conquer Toledo, the border shifts. Murcia is still enemy.
  - Let's look at [15] Murcia: 8 spearmen, 2 knights, def 25. It borders [11] Cordoba and [16] Valencia. If Cordoba is empty, Murcia could attack it. But Murcia is 1 turn away from Cordoba? [11] Cordoba to [15] Murcia is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn. So 1 turn.
  - If I send all from Cordoba to Toledo, and enemy sends from Murcia to Cordoba, they would meet? No, my army goes to Toledo, enemy army goes to Cordoba. They don't meet because they are on different roads (Cordoba-Toledo vs Murcia-Cordoba). They would arrive at different villages. My army arrives at Toledo, enemy army arrives at Cordoba. Since Cordoba is empty, enemy conquers it. That would be bad.
  - So I should leave some troops in Cordoba, or attack Murcia instead of Toledo.
  - Let's look at the enemy's possible moves. The enemy writes their orders at the same time as me, over the same snapshot. So they don't know I'm sending troops from Cordoba. They will plan based on current state.
  - What will the enemy do? Last turn, King B attacked [17] Zaragoza, [8] Toledo, [10] Vigo. They conquered them? "King B attacked [17] Zaragoza: VICTORY, conquered", "King B attacked [8] Toledo: VICTORY, conquered", "King B attacked [10] Vigo: VICTORY, conquered". Wait, the text says "King B attacked [17] Zaragoza: VICTORY, conquered". But in the village list, [17] Zaragoza is still ENEMY (King B), [8] Toledo is ENEMY (King B), [10] Vigo is ENEMY (King B). Ah, "conquered" means they conquered it from someone else? Or they defended it? "you attacked here 1x in the last 8 turns (1 conquered)" - this means I conquered it once. For [8] Toledo, it says "you attacked here 1x in the last 8 turns (1 conquered)". So I conquered Toledo before? But now it's enemy again.
  - The "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" section says:
    - King B attacked [17] Zaragoza: VICTORY, conquered
    - King B attacked [8] Toledo: VICTORY, conquered
    - King B attacked [10] Vigo: VICTORY, conquered
    - A reinforcement of King B (8 spearmen) arrived at [15] Murcia
    - A reinforcement of King B (2 archers) arrived at [14] Burgos
  - This means King B was attacking these villages and won. Since they are still listed as enemy, maybe they were attacking neutral villages? No, they are enemy villages. Maybe they were defending against my attacks? Or they were attacking each other? No, King B is one enemy. Maybe they were attacking neutral villages that became theirs? But the list shows them as ENEMY (King B).
  - Actually, the "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" might be the enemy's moves. If they attacked and conquered, maybe they took them from me? But I don't own them. Maybe they took them from neutrals? But there are no neutrals listed except the unexplored ones.
  - Let's look at the village status: [8] Toledo is ENEMY (King B). [10] Vigo is ENEMY (King B). [17] Zaragoza is ENEMY (King B).
  - If King B attacked and conquered them, maybe they were neutral before? But the report says "ENEMY (King B)".
  - Let's not overthink the past. Let's focus on the current state.

Current state:
My villages: 11.
Enemy villages: [8] Toledo, [10] Vigo, [14] Burgos, [15] Murcia, [17] Zaragoza, [13] Teruel, [16] Valencia, [18] Castellon, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona, [23] Girona. (13 villages).
I need 18 to win. I need to conquer 7.

Let's look at the easiest targets:
1. [10] Vigo: 1 knight, def 3. From [6] Porto (2 archer, 2 knight). Easy.
2. [14] Burgos: 4 archers, 1 knight, def 13. From [12] Madrid (6 spearman, 2 archer) or [10] Vigo after conquest.
3. [8] Toledo: 1 archer, 7 knights, def 20. From [11] Cordoba (3 spearman, 11 archer, 3 knight) or [12] Madrid or [4] Badajoz.
4. [15] Murcia: 8 spearmen, 2 knights, def 25. From [11] Cordoba.

Let's plan the attacks for this turn (Turn 17 orders, executed Turn 18).
I can send:
- From [6] Porto to [10] Vigo: 2 archer, 2 knight. (Arrives Turn 18).
- From [11] Cordoba to [8] Toledo: 3 spearman, 11 archer, 3 knight. (Arrives Turn 18).
- From [12] Madrid to [14] Burgos: 6 spearman, 2 archer. (Arrives Turn 18? Madrid to Burgos is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn. So 1 turn for spearman, 1 turn for archer. Arrives Turn 18).
  - Wait, Madrid to Burgos distance: "march from [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So 1 turn.
  - Burgos has 4 archers, 1 knight, def 13.
  - My attack: 6 spearman (6) + 2 archer (4) = 10. Enemy def 13. I might lose. Let's check counter: my most numerous is spearman (6). Enemy most numerous is archer (4). Spearman counters knight, archer counters spearman, knight counters archer. So archer counters spearman. Enemy has the counter! Enemy archers get 1.5x attack? No, counter multiplies force by 1.5. But I am attacking, so my attack is multiplied if I have the counter. Enemy is defending, so their defense is not multiplied by counter? "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archers. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
  - So only the attacker's force is multiplied if they have the counter. The defender's defense is just defense.
  - My most numerous is spearman. Enemy most numerous is archer. Archer counters spearman. So I do NOT have the counter. My attack is 10. Enemy defense is 13. I lose!
  - So I shouldn't attack Burgos with just 6 spearman and 2 archer. I need more troops or a better matchup.
  - If I send knights from somewhere? Madrid has no knights. I could send knights from Santarem [1] to Madrid [12] first, then to Burgos. But that takes time.
  - Let's look at [14] Burgos again. Def 13. 4 archers, 1 knight.
  - If I attack with archers: archer vs archer (no counter). Attack 4, def 13. Lose.
  - If I attack with knights: knight vs archer (knight counters archer). Knight attack 4 * 1.5 = 6. If I have 3 knights, attack 18. Def 13. Win.
  - So I need knights to attack Burgos.
  - Where can I get knights? Santarem [1] has 8 knights. Coimbra [3] has 3 knights. Faro [5] has 4 knights. Sevilha [9] has 2 knights. Cordoba [11] has 3 knights.
  - I can send knights from Santarem to Madrid, then to Burgos. But that takes 2 turns (Santarem to Madrid is 1 turn? Santarem is [1], Madrid is [12]. Road: [1] Santarem -> [4] Badajoz -> [7] Salamanca -> [12] Madrid. Or [1] -> [3] Coimbra -> [7] Salamanca -> [12] Madrid. Distance is several turns.
  - Let's check the road network:
    - [1] Santarem: [0], [3], [4]
    - [4] Badajoz: [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]
    - [7] Salamanca: [3], [4], [6], [12]
    - [12] Madrid: [7], [8], [14], [17]
    - So Santarem to Madrid: [1] -> [4] -> [7] -> [12]. That's 3 edges. Slow/medium/fast turns. Probably 3 turns.
  - What about Porto [6] to Vigo [10] to Burgos [14]?
    - [6] Porto: [3], [7], [10]
    - [10] Vigo: [6], [14]
    - So Porto to Vigo is 1 turn. Vigo to Burgos is 1 turn. Total 2 turns to reach Burgos via Vigo.
    - If I conquer Vigo this turn, I can march from Vigo to Burgos next turn.
    - But I need troops in Vigo. I can send from Porto to Vigo this turn. Next turn, I can send from Vigo to Burgos. But I need troops to survive the battle for Vigo and then be available to march to Burgos.
    - Let's calculate the battle for Vigo: 1 knight, def 3. I send 2 archer, 2 knight from Porto. Attack 12. Def 3. I win with minimal losses. The surviving troops will be in Vigo. Then next turn I can send them to Burgos.
    - But Burgos is 1 turn from Vigo. If I send them next turn, they arrive turn 20. Meanwhile, enemy might reinforce Burgos.
    - Let's look at the big picture. I need a solid plan.

Let's list the enemy villages and their defenses:
- [10] Vigo: 1 knight, def 3. (Easy)
- [14] Burgos: 4 archers, 1 knight, def 13. (Medium)
- [8] Toledo: 1 archer, 7 knights, def 20. (Medium)
- [15] Murcia: 8 spearmen, 2 knights, def 25. (Hard)
- [17] Zaragoza: 4 spearmen, 1 archer, 5 knights, def 25. (Hard)
- [13] Teruel: last seen 1 archer, 7 knights. (Hard)
- [16] Valencia: last seen 2 knights. (Medium)
- [18] Castellon: last seen 5 knights. (Hard)
- [19] Pamplona: last seen 4 archers. (Medium)
- [20] Huesca: last seen 1 knight. (Easy)
- [21] Tarragona: last seen 7 spearmen, 2 archers, 8 knights. (Very Hard)
- [22] Barcelona: enemy capital, unknown. (Very Hard)
- [23] Girona: unknown.

I need 7 villages. Let's target the easy ones first:
1. [10] Vigo (def 3)
2. [20] Huesca (last seen 1 knight) - but it's far. Madrid to Huesca: [12] -> [17] -> [20]. 2 turns.
3. [19] Pamplona (last seen 4 archers) - Burgos to Pamplona is 1 turn.
4. [14] Burgos (def 13)
5. [8] Toledo (def 20)
6. [16] Valencia (last seen 2 knights) - Cordoba to Murcia to Valencia. 2 turns.
7. [15] Murcia (def 25)

Let's look at my troop distribution and where I can launch simultaneous attacks.
I have:
- [1] Santarem: 5 archer, 8 knight. (Power 42)
- [11] Cordoba: 3 spearman, 11 archer, 3 knight. (Power 37)
- [12] Madrid: 6 spearman, 2 archer. (Power 10)
- [9] Sevilha: 2 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight. (Power 22)
- [4] Badajoz: 6 archer. (Power 12)
- [6] Porto: 2 archer, 2 knight. (Power 12)
- [3] Coimbra: 2 archer, 3 knight. (Power 16)
- [5] Faro: 4 knight. (Power 16)
- [2] Evora: 3 archer, 2 knight. (Power 14)
- [0] Lisboa: 2 archer. (Power 4)
- [7] Salamanca: 1 archer. (Power 2)

Total troops: 75.
I need to attack multiple fronts to divide the enemy's forces.
Let's plan attacks for Turn 17 (executed Turn 18):
- Attack [10] Vigo from [6] Porto: send 2 archer, 2 knight. (All of Porto's troops). Vigo falls. Porto is now empty, but I can rebuild.
- Attack [8] Toledo from [11] Cordoba: send 3 spearman, 11 archer, 3 knight. (All of Cordoba's troops). Toledo falls. Cordoba is empty.
- Attack [14] Burgos from [12] Madrid: send 6 spearman, 2 archer. But I calculated I lose. Let's check again.
  - My troops: 6 spearman (attack 6), 2 archer (attack 4). Total attack 10.
  - Enemy: 4 archers, 1 knight. Def 13.
  - Counter: my most numerous is spearman. Enemy most numerous is archer. Archer counters spearman. So I don't get counter bonus. Attack 10 < Def 13. I lose.
  - So I shouldn't attack Burgos with Madrid's current troops.
  - What if I send from [4] Badajoz to [12] Madrid to reinforce? Badajoz has 6 archer. Badajoz to Madrid: [4] -> [7] -> [12]. 2 turns. Too slow.
  - What if I send from [1] Santarem to [4] Badajoz to [12] Madrid? Too slow.
  - What if I attack [8] Toledo from [12] Madrid instead of Cordoba?
    - Madrid: 6 spearman, 2 archer. Attack 10. Toledo: 1 archer, 7 knights. Def 20. Lose.
  - What if I attack [15] Murcia from [11] Cordoba?
    - Cordoba: 3 spearman, 11 archer, 3 knight. Attack 37. Murcia: 8 spearmen, 2 knights. Def 25.
    - Counter: my most numerous is archer (11). Enemy most numerous is spearman (8). Archer counters spearman. I get 1.5x multiplier on my archers!
    - Effective attack: 3 spearman (3) + 11 archer (22 * 1.5 = 33) + 3 knight (12) = 48. Enemy def 25. Win!
    - So attacking Murcia from Cordoba is a better matchup than Toledo.
    - Let's check Toledo from Cordoba: my most numerous archer (11). Enemy most numerous knight (7). Knight counters archer. Enemy gets counter? No, counter only applies to attacker's force. "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5". So if I attack and I have the counter, my force is multiplied. If I don't have the counter, no multiplication.
    - Wait, "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archers. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
    - This means if my troops counter the enemy's troops, my force is multiplied by 1.5.
    - So if I have archers and enemy has spearmen, I have the counter (archer counters spearman). My force is multiplied by 1.5.
    - If I have archers and enemy has knights, enemy has the counter (knight counters archer). But since I am the attacker, does the enemy's counter affect my force? "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5". "Your force" refers to the side that has the counter. So if the defender has the counter, their defense is multiplied? The rule says: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle... Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
    - This is ambiguous. Does "your force" mean the attacker's force, or the force that has the counter? Usually in these games, the counter applies to the unit that has the advantage, regardless of attack/defense. But the text says "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle... Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
    - It says "your force" which might mean the attacker's force. But "your" could refer to the player. Since I am King A, "your force" means my force. So if I have the counter, my attack is multiplied. If I don't, it's not.
    - Let's re-read: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
    - This implies the matchup is between my most numerous and enemy's most numerous.
    - If my type counters enemy's type, I get 1.5x.
    - If enemy's type counters my type, do they get 1.5x on their defense? The rule says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5". If the enemy has the counter, their force is multiplied. But the rule also says "the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs". It doesn't say defense is multiplied by counter. It says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5". "Force" usually means attack power.
    - Let's assume counter only applies to attack, and only if the attacker has the counter. If the defender has the counter, maybe nothing happens to attack, or maybe the defender's defense is multiplied? But the text says "effective defense values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again." It doesn't mention counter for defense.
    - So likely, counter only applies to the attacker's attack power. If the attacker has the counter, attack x1.5. If not, attack is normal.
    - Let's test this with the provided data.
    - [8] Toledo: def 20. 1 archer, 7 knights.
    - If I attack with Cordoba: 3 spearman, 11 archer, 3 knight. Most numerous: archer. Enemy most numerous: knight. Knight counters archer. I do NOT have the counter. Attack = 3 + 22 + 12 = 37. Def 20. I win.
    - If I attack with Madrid: 6 spearman, 2 archer. Most numerous: spearman. Enemy most numerous: knight. Spearman counters knight! I HAVE THE COUNTER. My attack = (6*1 + 2*2) * 1.5 = 10 * 1.5 = 15. Def 20. I lose.
    - Ah! Spearman counters knight. So if I attack Toledo with spearmen, I get the counter!
    - Let's check Madrid to Toledo: Madrid has 6 spearman, 2 archer. Most numerous spearman. Enemy Toledo has 7 knights, 1 archer. Most numerous knight. Spearman counters knight. So I get 1.5x multiplier!
    - My attack: 6 spearman (6) + 2 archer (4) = 10. With counter: 10 * 1.5 = 15. Enemy def 20. 15 < 20. I still lose, but it's closer.
    - What if I add more spearmen? Madrid can build spearmen (15 wood, 0 iron). It has wood 80, iron 50. Can build 5 spearmen (75 wood). But they take 1 turn to build. So I can't use them this turn.
    - What about Cordoba attacking Toledo? Cordoba has 3 spearman, 11 archer, 3 knight. Most numerous archer. Enemy most numerous knight. Archer does not counter knight. Knight counters archer. So I don't get counter. Attack 37. Def 20. Win.
    - But wait, if I attack Toledo with Cordoba, I win, but I lose the counter bonus. That's fine, I still win.
    - Let's check Cordoba attacking Murcia: Cordoba most numerous archer (11). Murcia most numerous spearman (8). Archer counters spearman. I get 1.5x on archers. Attack = 3 + (22*1.5) + 12 = 3 + 33 + 12 = 48. Def 25. Win.
    - So both are good attacks.
    - But I can only do one from Cordoba. Which is better?
    - If I take Toledo, I open the path to Teruel [13], Zaragoza [17], and Madrid [12] can also reach it.
    - If I take Murcia, I open the path to Valencia [16].
    - Let's look at the map. Toledo is a hub. Murcia is a bit isolated.
    - Also, Toledo has 7 knights. If I conquer it, I get a village with knights? No, the garrison is destroyed. But I can build knights there if I have resources. Toledo has wood/iron? Not listed, but it will produce resources.
    - Let's look at the enemy's capital: Barcelona [22]. To reach it, I need to go through Tarragona [21] or Girona [23]. Tarragona is connected to Zaragoza [17] and Castellon [18]. Zaragoza is connected to Madrid [12] and Toledo [8]. So taking Toledo opens the path to Zaragoza, then Tarragona, then Barcelona.
    - So taking Toledo is strategically very important.
    - Let's plan to take Toledo with Cordoba's troops.
    - But what about Murcia? It's connected to Cordoba [11] and Valencia [16]. If I leave Cordoba empty, Murcia could attack it. But if I take Toledo, Cordoba is empty. Murcia could attack Cordoba. But Murcia has 8 spearmen, 2 knights. If they attack Cordoba, they would win if Cordoba is empty. But Cordoba has defense 43 when garrisoned. If empty, defense is just the village base defense? The report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 43 | troops at home: 17". So the 43 includes the 17 troops. If I send all 17, the defense drops to the base defense. What is the base defense? Probably around 3-5. So enemy could conquer it.
    - To prevent this, I should leave some troops in Cordoba, or attack Murcia instead.
    - If I attack Murcia, Cordoba is empty, but Murcia is conquered, so the border shifts to Valencia [16]. Valencia is enemy, but Cordoba is now safe from Murcia.
    - Let's check the distance: Cordoba to Murcia is 1 turn. Cordoba to Toledo is 1 turn.
    - If I attack Murcia, I use all 17 troops. Cordoba empty. Enemy might attack Cordoba from Valencia? Valencia is 2 turns from Cordoba (Cordoba -> Murcia -> Valencia). If I conquer Murcia, Valencia is 1 turn from Murcia, but Murcia is mine. So Valencia would attack Murcia, not Cordoba. Cordoba would be safe.
    - So attacking Murcia is safer for Cordoba's defense.
    - But taking Toledo is more strategic for the overall campaign.
    - Let's look at the enemy's possible moves. The enemy might attack Cordoba if they see it weak. But they don't know I'm sending troops until it happens. They plan based on current state. Currently, Cordoba has 17 troops, def 43. They won't attack it because it's too strong.
    - If I send all 17 to Toledo, the order is simultaneous. The enemy doesn't know I'm sending them. They will write orders based on Cordoba having 17 troops. So they won't attack Cordoba this turn. Next turn, they will see Cordoba is empty (if I succeeded in taking Toledo). Then they might attack.
    - So I have a one-turn window where Cordoba is empty but the enemy doesn't know yet. Next turn, they can attack. But next turn, I can send reinforcements from Sevilha [9] or Badajoz [4] to Cordoba.
    - Sevilha to Cordoba: [9] -> [11] Cordoba. 1 turn. Sevilha has 10 troops. I can send some to Cordoba next turn.
    - So it's manageable.

Let's decide on the main attacks for Turn 17:
1. From [6] Porto to [10] Vigo: send 2 archer, 2 knight. (Conquer Vigo).
2. From [11] Cordoba to [8] Toledo: send 3 spearman, 11 archer, 3 knight. (Conquer Toledo).
3. From [12] Madrid to [14] Burgos: send 6 spearman, 2 archer. But I calculated I lose. Let's re-calculate.
   - Madrid: 6 spearman, 2 archer. Attack 10.
   - Burgos: 4 archers, 1 knight. Def 13.
   - Counter: my most numerous spearman. Enemy most numerous archer. Archer counters spearman. I don't have counter. Attack 10 < 13. Lose.
   - What if I send from [4] Badajoz to [12] Madrid to reinforce? Badajoz has 6 archer. Badajoz to Madrid is 2 turns. Too slow.
   - What if I send from [1] Santarem to [4] Badajoz to [12] Madrid? Too slow.
   - What if I don't attack Burgos this turn, but instead attack [17] Zaragoza from Madrid?
     - Madrid: 6 spearman, 2 archer. Attack 10.
     - Zaragoza: 4 spearmen, 1 archer, 5 knights. Def 25.
     - Counter: my most numerous spearman. Enemy most numerous spearman (4) or knight (5)? "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup". Enemy has 4 spearmen, 1 archer, 5 knights. Most numerous is knight (5). Spearman counters knight. I have the counter! Attack 10 * 1.5 = 15. Def 25. Lose.
   - What if I attack [8] Toledo from Madrid?
     - Madrid: 6 spearman, 2 archer. Attack 10.
     - Toledo: 1 archer, 7 knights. Def 20.
     - Counter: my spearman vs enemy knight. Spearman counters knight. I have counter! Attack 10 * 1.5 = 15. Def 20. Lose.
   - So Madrid's current troops are too weak to attack anything alone. I need to reinforce Madrid or use it to attack weaker targets.
   - Is there a weaker target near Madrid?
     - [14] Burgos: def 13. Lose.
     - [17] Zaragoza: def 25. Lose.
     - [8] Toledo: def 20. Lose.
     - What about [19] Pamplona? Last seen 4 archers. Madrid to Pamplona: [12] -> [14] -> [19]. 2 turns. Not reachable this turn.
   - So Madrid cannot attack this turn. I should just defend or build troops.
   - But I can send troops from other villages to Madrid to reinforce it for next turn.
   - Where can I send troops to Madrid?
     - [7] Salamanca: 1 archer. Salamanca to Madrid is 1 turn. But only 1 archer, not very helpful.
     - [4] Badajoz: 6 archer. Badajoz to Madrid is 2 turns. Too slow.
     - [1] Santarem: 5 archer, 8 knight. Santarem to Madrid is 3 turns. Too slow.
     - [3] Coimbra: 2 archer, 3 knight. Coimbra to Madrid: [3] -> [7] -> [12]. 2 turns. Too slow.
   - So I can't reinforce Madrid this turn for an attack next turn.
   - Maybe I should just have Madrid build troops and defend.
   - Let's look at other fronts.
   - [4] Badajoz: 6 archer. Can attack [8] Toledo? Badajoz to Toledo is 1 turn.
     - Badajoz: 6 archer. Attack 12.
     - Toledo: 1 archer, 7 knights. Def 20.
     - Counter: my archer vs enemy knight. Knight counters archer. I don't have counter. Attack 12 < 20. Lose.
   - [9] Sevilha: 2 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight. Attack 22. Can attack [11] Cordoba (mine) or [15] Murcia or [8] Toledo.
     - Sevilha to Murcia: [9] -> [11] -> [15]. 2 turns.
     - Sevilha to Toledo: [9] -> [4] -> [8]. 2 turns.
     - Sevilha to Cordoba: [9] -> [11]. 1 turn. (Reinforce Cordoba).
   - [3] Coimbra: 2 archer, 3 knight. Attack 16. Can attack [10] Vigo? Coimbra to Vigo: [3] -> [6] -> [10]. 2 turns.
   - [5] Faro: 4 knight. Attack 16. Can attack [9] Sevilha (mine) or [4] Badajoz (mine) or [11] Cordoba (mine).
   - [1] Santarem: 5 archer, 8 knight. Attack 42. Can attack [4] Badajoz (mine) or [3] Coimbra (mine) or [0] Lisboa (mine).
   - So my only immediate attacks are:
     - Porto -> Vigo (1 turn)
     - Cordoba -> Toledo (1 turn) or Cordoba -> Murcia (1 turn)
     - Madrid -> nothing (too weak)
     - Badajoz -> nothing (too weak)
     - Sevilha -> Cordoba (reinforce)
     - Coimbra -> Porto (reinforce) or Coimbra -> Vigo (2 turns)
     - Faro -> Sevilha (reinforce) or Faro -> Badajoz (reinforce)
     - Santarem -> Badajoz (reinforce)

Let's think about the campaign plan.
Goal: conquer 7 villages.
Easiest path:
1. Take Vigo [10] from Porto [6]. (1 turn)
2. Take Burgos [14] from Vigo [10] next turn. (Need troops in Vigo).
3. Take Toledo [8] from Cordoba [11]. (1 turn)
4. Take Murcia [15] from Cordoba [11] or Sevilha [9]. (1 or 2 turns)
5. Take Zaragoza [17] from Madrid [12] or Toledo [8]. (Need strong army).

Let's focus on the northern front (Porto -> Vigo -> Burgos -> Pamplona -> Zaragoza) and southern front (Cordoba -> Toledo -> Zaragoza or Cordoba -> Murcia -> Valencia).
If I take Vigo and Toledo this turn, I have two new villages.
Next turn, I can attack Burgos from Vigo, and Zaragoza from Toledo.
But I need troops for that.
Let's see what troops will survive the attacks.
- Porto -> Vigo: 2 archer, 2 knight. Attack 12, def 3. Losses will be minimal. Maybe 1 or 2 troops. So Vigo will have ~3 troops.
- Cordoba -> Toledo: 3 spearman, 11 archer, 3 knight. Attack 37, def 20. Losses will be significant. Maybe half? So Toledo might have ~10 troops.
If I want to attack Burgos from Vigo next turn, I need more troops in Vigo. I can send reinforcements from Porto or Coimbra next turn.
Porto will be empty after sending all troops. But it can build new troops. Porto has wood 80, iron 40. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 2 archers. They will be ready next turn. Then I can send them to Vigo.
Coimbra has 2 archer, 3 knight. I can send them to Porto to reinforce, then to Vigo. But that takes 2 turns.

Let's look at the build orders for this turn. I should build troops in villages that will be empty or need reinforcements.
- [6] Porto: will be empty after sending all. Build 2 archers. (Cost 40 wood, 20 iron). Porto has wood 80, iron 40. OK.
- [11] Cordoba: will be empty after sending all. Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 spearman (15 wood). Cordoba has wood 30, iron 20. Build 1 archer.
- [12] Madrid: has 6 spearman, 2 archer. It didn't attack. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Madrid has wood 80, iron 50. OK.
- [4] Badajoz: has 6 archer. Didn't attack. Build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Badajoz has wood 60, iron 60. OK.
- [1] Santarem: has 5 archer, 8 knight. Didn't attack. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 2 archers. Santarem has wood 70, iron 50. OK.
- [9] Sevilha: has 2 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight. Didn't attack. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Sevilha has wood 60, iron 40. OK.
- [3] Coimbra: has 2 archer, 3 knight. Didn't attack. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Coimbra has wood 80, iron 50. OK.
- [2] Evora: has 3 archer, 2 knight. Build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Evora has wood 60, iron 60. OK.
- [0] Lisboa: has 2 archer. Build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Lisboa has wood 60, iron 70. OK.
- [5] Faro: has 4 knight. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Faro has wood 95, iron 40. OK.
- [7] Salamanca: has 1 archer. Build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Salamanca has wood 70, iron 110. OK.

Wait, I need to be careful about the cap of 300 troops per village. Most villages have far fewer than 300, so building is fine.

Let's refine the attack plans.
I want to attack Vigo and Toledo this turn.
Movements:
- From [6] Porto to [10] Vigo: 2 archer, 2 knight.
- From [11] Cordoba to [8] Toledo: 3 spearman, 11 archer, 3 knight.

What about Madrid? It's too weak to attack. But I can send its troops to reinforce somewhere? No, it's a border village, I should keep it defended. Or I can send its troops to attack a very weak target if one exists. But there isn't.
What about Badajoz? It has 6 archer. It can attack Toledo? Badajoz to Toledo is 1 turn. But 6 archer vs Toledo (def 20) is a loss. So no.
What about Sevilha? It can reinforce Cordoba. But Cordoba is attacking Toledo, so it will be empty. If I send Sevilha's troops to Cordoba, they will arrive next turn. That's good for defense.
- From [9] Sevilha to [11] Cordoba: 2 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight. (All of Sevilha's troops). Then Cordoba will have these troops next turn to defend or attack Murcia.
But wait, if I send all from Sevilha, Sevilha is empty. Sevilha borders [4] Badajoz, [5] Faro, [11] Cordoba. It's interior, so relatively safe. But Faro and Badajoz are mine. So it's okay.
However, if I send all from Sevilha, I lose the ability to attack from there. But Cordoba is the launch point for Murcia/Valencia. So moving troops to Cordoba is good.

Let's check the distance: Sevilha to Cordoba is 1 turn.
So next turn, Cordoba will have 2 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight (from Sevilha) plus whatever survives from the Toledo attack? No, the troops sent to Toledo are consumed. The troops from Sevilha arrive at Cordoba next turn. So Cordoba will have 10 troops.
Then from Cordoba, I can attack Murcia [15] or Valencia [16].
Murcia has 8 spearmen, 2 knights, def 25.
If I attack with 2 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight: attack = 2 + 12 + 8 = 22. Def 25. Lose.
So I need more troops in Cordoba to attack Murcia.
I can also send troops from Faro [5] to Sevilha [9] to Cordoba. Faro has 4 knight. Faro to Sevilha is 1 turn. Sevilha to Cordoba is 1 turn. So 2 turns total.
Or I can send from Badajoz [4] to Cordoba [11]? Badajoz to Cordoba: [4] -> [9] -> [11]. 2 turns.
Or I can just build in Cordoba. Cordoba can build 1 archer this turn. Next turn, it will have 1 archer + Sevilha's 10 troops = 11 troops. Still not enough for Murcia.
I need to gather more troops.

Let's look at the big picture. I have 75 troops total. The enemy has many more in total (Toledo 8, Burgos 5, Murcia 10, Zaragoza 10, etc.).
I need to use my troops efficiently and attack multiple targets to divide their forces.
Let's list all my troops and where they can go.
- Santarem [1]: 5 archer, 8 knight. Can go to Badajoz [4] (1 turn), then to Toledo [8] (1 turn) or Madrid [12] (2 turns) or Sevilha [9] (2 turns).
- Lisboa [0]: 2 archer. Can go to Santarem [1] or Evora [2].
- Evora [2]: 3 archer, 2 knight. Can go to Faro [5] (1 turn) or Lisboa [0] (1 turn).
- Coimbra [3]: 2 archer, 3 knight. Can go to Porto [6] (1 turn) or Salamanca [7] (1 turn).
- Badajoz [4]: 6 archer. Can go to Toledo [8] (1 turn), Salamanca [7] (1 turn), Sevilha [9] (1 turn), Faro [5] (1 turn).
- Faro [5]: 4 knight. Can go to Sevilha [9] (1 turn), Badajoz [4] (1 turn), Evora [2] (1 turn).
- Porto [6]: 2 archer, 2 knight. Attacking Vigo [10] (1 turn).
- Salamanca [7]: 1 archer. Can go to Madrid [12] (1 turn), Porto [6] (1 turn), Coimbra [3] (1 turn), Badajoz [4] (1 turn).
- Sevilha [9]: 2 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight. Can go to Cordoba [11] (1 turn), Badajoz [4] (1 turn), Faro [5] (1 turn).
- Cordoba [11]: 3 spearman, 11 archer, 3 knight. Attacking Toledo [8] (1 turn) or Murcia [15] (1 turn).
- Madrid [12]: 6 spearman, 2 archer. Can go to Burgos [14] (1 turn), Zaragoza [17] (1 turn), Toledo [8] (1 turn), Salamanca [7] (1 turn).

I think the best strategy is:
- Attack Vigo with Porto's troops. (Easy win, opens northern front).
- Attack Toledo with Cordoba's troops. (Win, opens central front to Zaragoza).
- Send Sevilha's troops to Cordoba to reinforce it for the next move (attack Murcia or defend).
- Send Coimbra's troops to Porto to reinforce it for the next move (attack Burgos from Vigo).
- Send Faro's troops to Sevilha to reinforce it? Or keep them in Faro.
- Send Santarem's troops to Badajoz to reinforce it for an attack on Toledo or Madrid.
- Madrid and Badajoz just build and defend.

Let's check the timing.
Turn 17 orders:
- Build: lots of archers and knights.
- Move:
  - Porto -> Vigo: 2 archer, 2 knight.
  - Cordoba -> Toledo: 3 spearman, 11 archer, 3 knight.
  - Sevilha -> Cordoba: 2 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight. (Reinforce Cordoba for next turn).
  - Coimbra -> Porto: 2 archer, 3 knight. (Reinforce Porto for next turn).
  - Faro -> Sevilha: 4 knight. (Reinforce Sevilha? But I just sent Sevilha to Cordoba. If I send Faro to Sevilha, Sevilha will be empty when the troops arrive? No, the troops from Sevilha are moving to Cordoba. They leave Sevilha. So Sevilha becomes empty. Then Faro's troops arrive at Sevilha next turn. So Sevilha will have 4 knight. That's good.)
  - Santarem -> Badajoz: 5 archer, 8 knight. (Reinforce Badajoz for next turn).
  - Salamanca -> Madrid: 1 archer. (Reinforce Madrid).
  - Lisboa -> Santarem: 2 archer. (Reinforce Santarem? But I just sent Santarem to Badajoz. So Santarem will be empty. Lisboa's troops arrive next turn. Santarem will have 2 archer.)
  - Evora -> Faro: 3 archer, 2 knight. (Reinforce Faro? But I just sent Faro to Sevilha. So Faro will be empty. Evora's troops arrive next turn. Faro will have 5 troops.)
  - Madrid -> Salamanca: 6 spearman, 2 archer. (Reinforce Salamanca? Salamanca is interior, safe. But Madrid is border, I want to keep troops there. If I send Madrid's troops, Madrid is empty. Enemy could attack Madrid from Toledo or Burgos. But Toledo is being attacked by Cordoba, so it will be mine. Burgos is enemy. If Madrid is empty, Burgos could attack it. But Burgos has 5 troops. If they attack Madrid, they might conquer it. I should keep troops in Madrid. So don't send Madrid's troops away.)

Let's rethink the reinforcement chains.
If I send all troops from a village, it becomes vulnerable. I should only send troops that are needed for the attack, and leave enough for defense, or send reinforcements immediately.
But I can't send reinforcements from far away in 1 turn if the village is empty and enemy is 1 turn away.
Let's look at the vulnerability of my villages after moves:
- Porto [6]: sends all to Vigo. Empty. Enemy at Vigo [10] is being attacked, so no enemy nearby except Vigo (which will be mine). Porto is safe this turn. Next turn, I can send Coimbra's troops to Porto. But Coimbra to Porto is 1 turn. So if I send Coimbra's troops this turn, they arrive next turn. Porto will have troops next turn. Good.
- Cordoba [11]: sends all to Toledo. Empty. Enemy at Murcia [15] is 1 turn away. If Murcia attacks Cordoba next turn, they will find it empty (unless Sevilha's troops arrive). Sevilha to Cordoba is 1 turn. So if I send Sevilha's troops this turn, they arrive next turn. So Cordoba will have Sevilha's troops next turn, before Murcia can attack? Wait, orders are simultaneous. If Murcia attacks Cordoba next turn, and Sevilha's troops are marching to Cordoba, they might meet on the road? No, Murcia to Cordoba is a road. Sevilha to Cordoba is a different road. They don't meet. Sevilha's troops arrive at Cordoba at the end of the turn. Murcia's troops arrive at Cordoba at the end of the turn. Do they fight? "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if Murcia sends troops to Cordoba, and Sevilha sends troops to Cordoba, they arrive at the same time and fight? The rule says "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This implies they fight each other? Or they fight the garrison? "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". If Cordoba is empty, it's not "not yours", it's mine but empty. "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So if I send to my own empty village, they just join. If enemy sends to my empty village, they attack and conquer it. If both arrive at the same time, who fights? The rule says "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up... each send fights alone, one at a time." This probably means they fight each other if they are enemy? Or if they are both reinforcements, they just join? The rule is about armies on the march meeting. "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there". If they arrive at a village, they probably fight the garrison. If there is no garrison, the first one to arrive conquers it? But they arrive simultaneously. This is a tricky situation.
To be safe, I should not leave Cordoba empty if Murcia can attack it. But I am attacking Toledo with Cordoba's troops. If I also send Sevilha's troops to Cordoba, they will arrive next turn. If Murcia attacks Cordoba next turn, they will fight my Sevilha's troops? Or they will conquer it because it's empty when they start? The movement is simultaneous. At the start of turn 18, Cordoba is empty (because I sent all to Toledo on turn 17). On turn 18, Sevilha's troops march to Cordoba, Murcia's troops march to Cordoba. They both arrive at the end of turn 18. Do they fight? The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This suggests they don't merge. If one is enemy and one is mine, they would fight. But where? At the village? "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". If Cordoba is mine, the enemy army stops there and fights. My reinforcement army arrives and joins the garrison. If the enemy arrives first, they fight the garrison (which is empty, so they win and conquer). If my reinforcement arrives first, they become the garrison, then enemy arrives and fights them.
Since movement is simultaneous, the order of arrival might be determined by speed or distance. Both are 1 turn away. So they arrive at the same time. The rule "each send fights alone, one at a time" might mean they fight in some order. This is too risky.
To avoid this, I should not leave Cordoba empty if Murcia can attack it. But I want to attack Toledo with Cordoba's troops.
Alternative: Attack Murcia with Cordoba's troops instead of Toledo. Then Cordoba is empty, but Murcia is conquered, so the enemy can't attack Cordoba from Murcia. The next enemy village is Valencia [16], which is 2 turns from Cordoba. So Cordoba is safe for 1 turn.
Let's evaluate attacking Murcia vs Toledo.
- Attack Murcia: Cordoba sends all 17. Attack 48 (with counter). Def 25. Win. Cordoba empty. Next turn, I can send Sevilha's troops to Cordoba to defend or attack Valencia.
- Attack Toledo: Cordoba sends all 17. Attack 37. Def 20. Win. Cordoba empty. Next turn, Murcia can attack Cordoba. Risky.
So attacking Murcia is safer for Cordoba.
But taking Toledo is more strategic. Can I leave some troops in Cordoba?
Cordoba has 3 spearman, 11 archer, 3 knight.
If I leave 3 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight (7 troops) in Cordoba, and send 2 spearman, 10 archer, 2 knight (14 troops) to Toledo.
Attack: 2 spearman (2) + 10 archer (20) + 2 knight (8) = 30. Def 20. Win.
Cordoba defense: 7 troops. Def 43 originally with 17 troops. With 7 troops, defense might be around 15-20. Murcia has 8 spearmen, 2 knights. Attack: 8 spearmen (8) + 2 knights (8) = 16. If Murcia attacks Cordoba, they attack 16 vs def ~15-20. It could go either way.
But if I leave 7 troops, Cordoba might survive an attack from Murcia.
Let's calculate the defense of Cordoba with 7 troops.
The report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 43 | troops at home: 17".
So 43 is the total defense including the 17 troops.
Each troop contributes to defense. spearman def 2, archer def 2, knight def 2. Location bonus for Cordoba: it's a village, so defense x1.25? Or castle? "effective defense (location bonus included)". Cordoba is a village, so x1.25.
If 17 troops have def 2 each, total troop def = 34. 34 * 1.25 = 42.5 ~ 43. So the base defense of the village is 0? Or the troops are the main defense.
If I leave 7 troops (e.g., 2 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight), troop def = 7 * 2 = 14. 14 * 1.25 = 17.5. So effective defense ~18.
Murcia attack: 8 spearmen (8) + 2 knights (8) = 16. Counter: Murcia most numerous spearman. My most numerous archer? If I leave 2 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight, most numerous is archer. Archer vs spearman: archer counters spearman. So Murcia has the counter? No, "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5". If Murcia attacks, they are the attacker. Their most numerous is spearman. My most numerous is archer. Archer counters spearman. So I have the counter! But I am defending. Does the counter apply to defense? The rule says "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle... Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
This implies the counter applies to the attacker's force. So if Murcia attacks, and I have the counter (archer vs spearman), does my defense get multiplied? "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5". "Your force" could mean the force that has the counter. If I have the counter, my force (defense) is multiplied by 1.5.
If so, my defense 18 * 1.5 = 27. Murcia attack 16. I win easily.
If the counter only applies to attack, then Murcia's attack is 16, my defense is 18. I still win, but barely.
So leaving 7 troops in Cordoba might be enough to defend against Murcia.
But wait, if I leave 7 troops, I only send 14 to Toledo. Attack 30 vs def 20. I still win.
Let's check the losses. Attack 30, def 20. I will lose some troops. The surviving troops will be in Toledo. I might have only 10 troops left in Toledo.
Then next turn, I can send reinforcements from Sevilha to Cordoba, and from Cordoba to Toledo? No, Cordoba has 7 troops, Toledo has ~10. I can send Cordoba's 7 troops to Toledo to reinforce, but then Cordoba is empty again.
This is getting complicated.

Let's simplify. The enemy is not attacking on all fronts. They have limited troops. Let's look at the enemy's last moves:
- King B attacked [17] Zaragoza, [8] Toledo, [10] Vigo. They were probably defending against my attacks or attacking neutrals. But now they are reinforcing: "A reinforcement of King B (8 spearmen) arrived at [15] Murcia", "A reinforcement of King B (2 archers) arrived at [14] Burgos".
So the enemy is reinforcing their villages. They are preparing for defense or future attacks.
They don't seem to be launching major attacks right now.
So maybe I can afford to leave some villages empty for a turn or two, as long as I rebuild quickly.
Let's look at the overall troop count. I have 75. Enemy has:
- Toledo: 8
- Vigo: 1
- Burgos: 5
- Murcia: 10
- Zaragoza: 10
- Teruel: 8 (last seen)
- Valencia: 2 (last seen)
- Castellon: 5 (last seen)
- Pamplona: 4 (last seen)
- Huesca: 1 (last seen)
- Tarragona: 17 (last seen)
- Barcelona: unknown
- Girona: unknown
Total known enemy troops: ~71. Plus unknown in Barcelona/Girona.
So enemy has roughly equal or more troops.
I need to be aggressive but careful.

Let's focus on the northern front: Porto -> Vigo -> Burgos.
This front has weak enemy villages: Vigo (1), Burgos (5).
If I take Vigo and Burgos, I get 2 villages. Then I can push to Pamplona (4) and Zaragoza (10).
The southern front: Cordoba -> Toledo (8) or Murcia (10).
Toledo is a hub. Taking it opens the path to Zaragoza and Teruel.
If I take both Vigo and Toledo this turn, I have 13 villages. Need 5 more.
Next turn, I can attack Burgos from Vigo, and Murcia from Cordoba (if I reinforce it).
Let's plan the moves for Turn 17:

Attacks:
1. Porto [6] -> Vigo [10]: 2 archer, 2 knight. (All of Porto). Conquer Vigo.
2. Cordoba [11] -> Toledo [8]: 3 spearman, 11 archer, 3 knight. (All of Cordoba). Conquer Toledo.

Reinforcements:
3. Sevilha [9] -> Cordoba [11]: 2 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight. (All of Sevilha). Arrives Turn 18. Cordoba will have these troops to defend or attack Murcia.
4. Coimbra [3] -> Porto [6]: 2 archer, 3 knight. (All of Coimbra). Arrives Turn 18. Porto will have these troops to rebuild and attack Burgos from Vigo next turn.
5. Faro [5] -> Sevilha [9]: 4 knight. (All of Faro). Arrives Turn 18. Sevilha will have these troops. But I sent Sevilha's troops to Cordoba. So Sevilha is empty. Faro's troops arrive next turn, so Sevilha will have 4 knight. Good.
6. Santarem [1] -> Badajoz [4]: 5 archer, 8 knight. (All of Santarem). Arrives Turn 18. Badajoz will have these troops to attack Toledo or Madrid.
7. Evora [2] -> Faro [5]: 3 archer, 2 knight. (All of Evora). Arrives Turn 18. Faro will have these troops.
8. Lisboa [0] -> Santarem [1]: 2 archer. (All of Lisboa). Arrives Turn 18. Santarem will have these troops.
9. Salamanca [7] -> Madrid [12]: 1 archer. (All of Salamanca). Arrives Turn 18. Madrid will have 1 more archer.
10. Madrid [12] -> Salamanca [7]? No, Madrid keeps its troops. Salamanca is empty after sending to Madrid. But Salamanca is interior, safe.

Wait, I'm sending all troops from many villages. Let's check if any village is left vulnerable.
- Lisboa [0]: sends all 2 archer to Santarem. Empty. But Lisboa is capital, interior, no enemy border. Safe.
- Santarem [1]: sends all to Badajoz. Empty. But receives Lisboa's 2 archer next turn. Safe.
- Evora [2]: sends all to Faro. Empty. Receives nothing. But Evora is interior, safe.
- Coimbra [3]: sends all to Porto. Empty. Receives nothing. But Coimbra is interior, safe.
- Badajoz [4]: receives Santarem's troops. Has 6 archer + 13 = 19 troops. Border with Toledo (enemy). Safe.
- Faro [5]: sends all to Sevilha. Empty. Receives Evora's troops next turn. Safe.
- Porto [6]: sends all to Vigo. Empty. Receives Coimbra's troops next turn. Safe.
- Salamanca [7]: sends all to Madrid. Empty. Interior, safe.
- Sevilha [9]: sends all to Cordoba. Empty. Receives Faro's troops next turn. Safe.
- Cordoba [11]: sends all to Toledo. Empty. Receives Sevilha's troops next turn. Border with Murcia (enemy). If Murcia attacks Cordoba next turn, they will fight Sevilha's troops (10 troops). Let's check if Sevilha's troops can defend against Murcia.
  - Sevilha's troops: 2 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight. Attack/Defense: 10 troops.
  - Murcia: 8 spearmen, 2 knights. Attack 16, Def 25.
  - If Murcia attacks Cordoba: they attack with 16. Cordoba defense with 10 troops: 2 spearman (def 4), 6 archer (def 12), 2 knight (def 4) = 20. Location bonus x1.25 = 25. Effective defense 25.
  - Attack 16 vs Def 25. Murcia loses. So Cordoba is safe!
  - But wait, the effective defense of Cordoba with 17 troops was 43. With 10 troops, it should be lower. Let's calculate: 10 troops * 2 def = 20. 20 * 1.25 = 25. Yes, 25. Murcia attack is 16. So Cordoba wins.
  - What if Murcia doesn't attack, but Valencia attacks? Valencia is 2 turns away. Safe.
- Madrid [12]: keeps 6 spearman, 2 archer. Receives Salamanca's 1 archer. Total 9 troops. Border with Burgos, Zaragoza, Toledo. Safe.

So the reinforcement plan works. Cordoba is safe because Sevilha's troops arrive and provide enough defense.

Now let's check the attacks again.
1. Porto -> Vigo: 2 archer, 2 knight. Attack 12. Vigo def 3. Win. Vigo conquered. Porto empty, but Coimbra's troops arrive next turn.
2. Cordoba -> Toledo: 3 spearman, 11 archer, 3 knight. Attack 37. Toledo def 20. Win. Toledo conquered. Cordoba empty, but Sevilha's troops arrive next turn.

What about the enemy's moves? They might attack my villages.
Which of my villages are vulnerable?
- Badajoz [4]: has 6 archer. Border with Toledo (enemy). If Toledo attacks Badajoz, they have 8 troops. Badajoz def 15 (with 6 archer). Attack 8 vs Def 15. Badajoz wins. But if Toledo attacks, they might lose. However, I am attacking Toledo with Cordoba's troops. So Toledo is occupied. It can't attack and defend at the same time? "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." So the enemy decides their moves based on the current state (Turn 17). They don't know I'm attacking Toledo. So they might order Toledo to attack Badajoz. If they do, the battle happens at Badajoz. My 6 archer vs their 8 troops. I might lose Badajoz.
Let's check: Badajoz def 15. Toledo has 1 archer, 7 knights. Attack: 1 archer (2) + 7 knights (28) = 30. Counter: most numerous knight vs my archer? My most numerous is archer (6). Enemy most numerous knight. Knight counters archer. Enemy has counter! Attack 30 * 1.5 = 45? Or does the counter apply to the attacker? Yes, if Toledo attacks, they are the attacker. Their most numerous knight vs my most numerous archer. Knight counters archer. So Toledo gets 1.5x multiplier. Attack 30 * 1.5 = 45. My defense 15. I lose Badajoz!
This is a big risk. If Toledo attacks Badajoz, I lose it.
Can I reinforce Badajoz? I am sending Santarem's troops to Badajoz. But they arrive next turn. This turn, Badajoz only has 6 archer.
If I don't send Santarem to Badajoz, where can I send them? Santarem is interior, safe. I could keep them in Santarem. But then Badajoz is weak.
What if I send Badajoz's troops to Toledo? Badajoz to Toledo is 1 turn. 6 archer vs Toledo def 20. Lose.
What if I send Badajoz's troops to Madrid? Badajoz to Madrid is 2 turns. Too slow.
What if I send Santarem's troops to Badajoz this turn? They arrive next turn. That doesn't help this turn.
The only way to protect Badajoz this turn is to leave more troops in it, or not have it border Toledo. But it does.
Since the enemy might attack Badajoz, and I can't stop them this turn, I should accept the risk or change my plan.
Maybe I should attack Toledo from Madrid instead of Cordoba? Madrid has 6 spearman, 2 archer. Attack 15 (with counter). Def 20. Lose.
What if I attack Toledo from Badajoz? Badajoz has 6 archer. Attack 12. Def 20. Lose.
So I can't attack Toledo from the north this turn.
What if I don't attack Toledo at all this turn, and instead focus on the northern front (Vigo, Burgos) and southern front (Murcia)?
Let's consider attacking Murcia from Cordoba. Then Toledo is not attacked, so it might not attack Badajoz. But Toledo could still attack Badajoz on its own.
Actually, the enemy might not attack at all. They might just reinforce. Last turn, they attacked Zaragoza, Toledo, Vigo. But those were probably my attacks? "King B attacked [17] Zaragoza: VICTORY, conquered" - this means King B was the attacker. So they are aggressive.
But they attacked Zaragoza, Toledo, Vigo. These are their own villages? No, they are enemy villages. If they attacked and conquered them, they must have been neutral or belong to someone else. But the report says they are ENEMY (King B). So maybe they were attacking each other? No, King B is one king. Maybe they were attacking my villages? But I don't own them. Maybe the "conquered" means they defended against my attack? The text says "you attacked here 1x in the last 8 turns (1 conquered)" for some villages. For [8] Toledo, it says "you attacked here 1x in the last 8 turns (1 conquered)". So I attacked Toledo before and conquered it. Now it's enemy again. So King B conquered it back.
The "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" says:
- King B attacked [17] Zaragoza: VICTORY, conquered
- King B attacked [8] Toledo: VICTORY, conquered
- King B attacked [10] Vigo: VICTORY, conquered
This means King B was the attacker and won. So they are conquering villages. But these villages are already theirs? Maybe they were neutral? The map has 24 villages. I have 11. Enemy has 13. That's 24. So no neutrals. The "conquered" might mean they conquered them from me? But I don't own them. This is confusing.
Maybe the "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" is from my perspective, and "King B attacked" means King B launched an attack on that village (which was maybe neutral or mine). But since I don't own them, they must have been neutral. But the list says they are ENEMY (King B). So they were already enemy. Maybe the "conquered" means they successfully defended? Or the report is just saying they fought there.
Anyway, the enemy is active. They might attack my border villages.
My border villages are:
- Badajoz [4]: borders Toledo [8] (enemy).
- Porto [6]: borders Vigo [10] (enemy).
- Madrid [12]: borders Burgos [14], Zaragoza [17], Toledo [8] (enemy).
- Cordoba [11]: borders Toledo [8], Murcia [15] (enemy).
So these four are vulnerable.
I am planning to empty Porto and Cordoba by attacking Vigo and Toledo. That leaves them vulnerable if the enemy attacks them.
But I am sending reinforcements (Coimbra to Porto, Sevilha to Cordoba) that arrive next turn. So they are only vulnerable for this turn (Turn 18). On Turn 18, they are empty, but the enemy's orders are based on Turn 17 state, where they have troops. So the enemy won't know they are empty until Turn 18 ends. So they won't attack them on Turn 18 because they think they have troops. On Turn 19, the enemy will see they are empty (or have reinforcements) and plan accordingly.
So the risk is low for this turn. The enemy's orders for Turn 18 are based on Turn 17 state, where Porto has 4 troops and Cordoba has 17 troops. So they won't attack Porto or Cordoba on Turn 18.
What about Badajoz and Madrid? They keep their troops (Badajoz has 6, Madrid has 8). So they are defended.
So my plan is safe for this turn.

Let's finalize the build and move orders.

Build orders:
I need to build troops for the next turns.
- [0] Lisboa: wood 60, iron 70. Build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Troops: 2 -> 5.
- [1] Santarem: wood 70, iron 50. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Troops: 13 -> 15. (But I'm sending all to Badajoz. So they will be 0, then build 2. Next turn they have 2.)
  Wait, if I send all from Santarem, the build happens after the movement? "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS". So the build and movement happen at the same time. The troops I send are the ones available at the start of the turn. The new builds are ready at the end of the turn? "ready in 1 turn". So if I order a build, they are ready at the end of the turn, after movement. So I can't send them this turn.
  So if I send all 13 from Santarem, the new 2 archers will be there at the end of the turn. So next turn Santarem will have 2 archers.
- [2] Evora: wood 60, iron 60. Build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Troops: 5 -> 8. (Sending all to Faro. So next turn Faro has 8 + 4 from Faro? Wait, I'm sending Evora's 5 to Faro. Faro sends 4 to Sevilha. So Faro receives 5 from Evora. Next turn Faro has 5.)
- [3] Coimbra: wood 80, iron 50. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Troops: 5 -> 7. (Sending all 5 to Porto. Next turn Porto has 2 archers built + 5 from Coimbra = 7? Wait, I'm sending all 5 from Coimbra. The build is 2 archers. So next turn Coimbra has 2 archers. Porto receives 5 from Coimbra. Porto also builds 2 archers. So next turn Porto has 2 built + 5 received = 7.)
- [4] Badajoz: wood 60, iron 60. Build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Troops: 6 -> 9. (Receives 13 from Santarem. Next turn Badajoz has 9 built + 13 received = 22.)
- [5] Faro: wood 95, iron 40. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Troops: 4 -> 6. (Sending all 4 to Sevilha. Receives 5 from Evora. Next turn Faro has 6 built + 5 received = 11.)
- [6] Porto: wood 80, iron 40. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Troops: 4 -> 6. (Sending all 4 to Vigo. Receives 5 from Coimbra. Next turn Porto has 6 built + 5 received = 11.)
- [7] Salamanca: wood 70, iron 110. Build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Troops: 1 -> 4. (Sending all 1 to Madrid. Next turn Salamanca has 4 built. Madrid receives 1.)
- [9] Sevilha: wood 60, iron 40. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Troops: 10 -> 12. (Sending all 10 to Cordoba. Receives 4 from Faro. Next turn Sevilha has 12 built + 4 received = 16.)
- [11] Cordoba: wood 30, iron 20. Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Troops: 17 -> 18. (Sending all 17 to Toledo. Receives 10 from Sevilha. Next turn Cordoba has 1 built + 10 received = 11.)
- [12] Madrid: wood 80, iron 50. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Troops: 8 -> 10. (Keeps 8, receives 1 from Salamanca. Next turn Madrid has 10 built + 1 received = 11.)

Wait, I need to check the resource costs and caps.
- Lisboa: wood 60, iron 70. 3 archers = 60 wood, 30 iron. OK.
- Santarem: wood 70, iron 50. 2 archers = 40 wood, 20 iron. OK.
- Evora: wood 60, iron 60. 3 archers = 60 wood, 30 iron. OK.
- Coimbra: wood 80, iron 50. 2 archers = 40 wood, 20 iron. OK.
- Badajoz: wood 60, iron 60. 3 archers = 60 wood, 30 iron. OK.
- Faro: wood 95, iron 40. 2 archers = 40 wood, 20 iron. OK.
- Porto: wood 80, iron 40. 2 archers = 40 wood, 20 iron. OK.
- Salamanca: wood 70, iron 110. 3 archers = 60 wood, 30 iron. OK.
- Sevilha: wood 60, iron 40. 2 archers = 40 wood, 20 iron. OK.
- Cordoba: wood 30, iron 20. 1 archer = 20 wood, 10 iron. OK.
- Madrid: wood 80, iron 50. 2 archers = 40 wood, 20 iron. OK.

All builds are valid.

Now, movements:
- from [6] Porto to [10] Vigo: 2 archer, 2 knight.
- from [11] Cordoba to [8] Toledo: 3 spearman, 11 archer, 3 knight.
- from [9] Sevilha to [11] Cordoba: 2 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight.
- from [3] Coimbra to [6] Porto: 2 archer, 3 knight.
- from [5] Faro to [9] Sevilha: 4 knight.
- from [1] Santarem to [4] Badajoz: 5 archer, 8 knight.
- from [2] Evora to [5] Faro: 3 archer, 2 knight.
- from [0] Lisboa to [1] Santarem: 2 archer.
- from [7] Salamanca to [12] Madrid: 1 archer.

Let's double check the troop counts available to send:
- Porto: 2 archer, 2 knight. Send all. OK.
- Cordoba: 3 spearman, 11 archer, 3 knight. Send all. OK.
- Sevilha: 2 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight. Send all. OK.
- Coimbra: 2 archer, 3 knight. Send all. OK.
- Faro: 4 knight. Send all. OK.
- Santarem: 5 archer, 8 knight. Send all. OK.
- Evora: 3 archer, 2 knight. Send all. OK.
- Lisboa: 2 archer. Send all. OK.
- Salamanca: 1 archer. Send all. OK.

This leaves:
- Lisboa: empty (but builds 3 archers).
- Santarem: empty (builds 2 archers).
- Evora: empty (builds 3 archers).
- Coimbra: empty (builds 2 archers).
- Badajoz: receives 13, builds 3. Total 16 next turn.
- Faro: receives 5, builds 2. Total 7 next turn.
- Porto: receives 5, builds 2. Total 7 next turn.
- Salamanca: builds 3. Total 4 next turn.
- Sevilha: receives 4, builds 2. Total 6 next turn.
- Cordoba: receives 10, builds 1. Total 11 next turn.
- Madrid: receives 1, builds 2. Total 11 next turn.

This seems like a massive reshuffling. But it concentrates troops at the front lines: Badajoz (16), Porto (7), Cordoba (11), Madrid (11). And the interior villages have some troops for defense.
Wait, Badajoz has 16 next turn. That's a lot. It can attack Toledo or Madrid.
Porto has 7. It can attack Burgos from Vigo next turn.
Cordoba has 11. It can attack Murcia or defend.
Madrid has 11. It can attack Burgos or Zaragoza.

Let's check the travel times for the moves:
- Porto -> Vigo: 1 fast turn. Arrives Turn 18.
- Cordoba -> Toledo: 1 fast turn. Arrives Turn 18.
- Sevilha -> Cordoba: 1 fast turn. Arrives Turn 18.
- Coimbra -> Porto: [3] -> [6]. 1 fast turn. Arrives Turn 18.
- Faro -> Sevilha: [5] -> [9]. 1 fast turn. Arrives Turn 18.
- Santarem -> Badajoz: [1] -> [4]. 1 fast turn. Arrives Turn 18.
- Evora -> Faro: [2] -> [5]. 1 fast turn. Arrives Turn 18.
- Lisboa -> Santarem: [0] -> [1]. 1 fast turn. Arrives Turn 18.
- Salamanca -> Madrid: [7] -> [12]. 1 fast turn. Arrives Turn 18.

All movements take 1 turn (fast). So they all arrive at the end of Turn 18.

Now, let's write the plan and statement.

Plan: "Conquer Vigo and Toledo this turn to open the northern and central fronts. Shift all troops to the border villages: reinforce Badajoz, Porto, Cordoba, and Madrid for the next wave of attacks. Next turn, attack Burgos from Vigo and Murcia from Cordoba. Build archers in all villages to maintain the flow of reinforcements."

Statement: "I have launched a massive pincer movement. My northern army takes Vigo while my southern army strikes Toledo. I have emptied the interior to reinforce the borders, moving troops from Sevilha, Coimbra, Faro, Santarem, Evora, Lisboa, and Salamanca to the front lines. We now hold the initiative and will push deeper into enemy territory next turn."

Let's check the JSON format.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 3, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 4, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 5, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 6, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 7, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 9, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 11, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 12, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 6, "toId": 10, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 11, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 11, "knight": 3}},
    {"fromId": 9, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 6, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 3, "toId": 6, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 3}},
    {"fromId": 5, "toId": 9, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 4}},
    {"fromId": 1, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 5, "knight": 8}},
    {"fromId": 2, "toId": 5, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 3, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 0, "toId": 1, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 7, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}}
  ],
  "plan": "Conquer Vigo and Toledo this turn to open the northern and central fronts. Shift all troops to the border villages: reinforce Badajoz, Porto, Cordoba, and Madrid for the next wave of attacks. Next turn, attack Burgos from Vigo and Murcia from Cordoba. Build archers in all villages to maintain the flow of reinforcements.",
  "statement": "I have launched a massive pincer movement. My northern army takes Vigo while my southern army strikes Toledo. I have emptied the interior to reinforce the borders, moving troops from Sevilha, Coimbra, Faro, Santarem, Evora, Lisboa, and Salamanca to the front lines. We now hold the initiative and will push deeper into enemy territory next turn."
}

Let's double check if I missed any village or troop count.
Villages:
[0] Lisboa: build 3 archers. Move 2 archers to [1].
[1] Santarem: build 2 archers. Move 5 archers, 8 knights to [4].
[2] Evora: build 3 archers. Move 3 archers, 2 knights to [5].
[3] Coimbra: build 2 archers. Move 2 archers, 3 knights to [6].
[4] Badajoz: build 3 archers. No move out.
[5] Faro: build 2 archers. Move 4 knights to [9].
[6] Porto: build 2 archers. Move 2 archers, 2 knights to [10].
[7] Salamanca: build 3 archers. Move 1 archer to [12].
[9] Sevilha: build 2 archers. Move 2 spearmen, 6 archers, 2 knights to [11].
[11] Cordoba: build 1 archer. Move 3 spearmen, 11 archers, 3 knights to [8].
[12] Madrid: build 2 archers. No move out.

Wait, I didn't list [8] Toledo, [10] Vigo, [14] Burgos, [15] Murcia, [17] Zaragoza in builds because they are enemy.
I also didn't list [13], [16], [18], [19], [20], [21], [22], [23] because they are enemy or unexplored.
My villages are 0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7,9,11,12. That's 11 villages. Correct.

Let's check the troop counts for moves:
- Porto to Vigo: 2 archer, 2 knight. Porto has exactly 2 archer, 2 knight. OK.
- Cordoba to Toledo: 3 spearman, 11 archer, 3 knight. Cordoba has exactly 3 spearman, 11 archer, 3 knight. OK.
- Sevilha to Cordoba: 2 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight. Sevilha has exactly 2 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight. OK.
- Coimbra to Porto: 2 archer, 3 knight. Coimbra has exactly 2 archer, 3 knight. OK.
- Faro to Sevilha: 4 knight. Faro has exactly 4 knight. OK.
- Santarem to Badajoz: 5 archer, 8 knight. Santarem has exactly 5 archer, 8 knight. OK.
- Evora to Faro: 3 archer, 2 knight. Evora has exactly 3 archer, 2 knight. OK.
- Lisboa to Santarem: 2 archer. Lisboa has exactly 2 archer. OK.
- Salamanca to Madrid: 1 archer. Salamanca has exactly 1 archer. OK.

All moves are valid.

Let's check the builds again.
- Lisboa: wood 60, iron 70. 3 archers = 60 wood, 30 iron. Remaining: wood 0, iron 40. OK.
- Santarem: wood 70, iron 50. 2 archers = 40 wood, 20 iron. Remaining: wood 30, iron 30. OK.
- Evora: wood 60, iron 60. 3 archers = 60 wood, 30 iron. Remaining: wood 0, iron 30. OK.
- Coimbra: wood 80, iron 50. 2 archers = 40 wood, 20 iron. Remaining: wood 40, iron 30. OK.
- Badajoz: wood 60, iron 60. 3 archers = 60 wood, 30 iron. Remaining: wood 0, iron 30. OK.
- Faro: wood 95, iron 40. 2 archers = 40 wood, 20 iron. Remaining: wood 55, iron 20. OK.
- Porto: wood 80, iron 40. 2 archers = 40 wood, 20 iron. Remaining: wood 40, iron 20. OK.
- Salamanca: wood 70, iron 110. 3 archers = 60 wood, 30 iron. Remaining: wood 10, iron 80. OK.
- Sevilha: wood 60, iron 40. 2 archers = 40 wood, 20 iron. Remaining: wood 20, iron 20. OK.
- Cordoba: wood 30, iron 20. 1 archer = 20 wood, 10 iron. Remaining: wood 10, iron 10. OK.
- Madrid: wood 80, iron 50. 2 archers = 40 wood, 20 iron. Remaining: wood 40, iron 30. OK.

Everything looks good.

One more thing: the plan says "Next turn, attack Burgos from Vigo and Murcia from Cordoba."
But Vigo will have Porto's surviving troops (maybe 3-4). Burgos has 5 troops. I might need more. But I will have Porto's reinforcements (7 troops) next turn, which I can send to Vigo. So Vigo might have ~10 troops. That's enough to attack Burgos (def 13).
Cordoba will have Sevilha's 10 troops. Murcia has 10 troops, def 25. I might need more to attack Murcia. But I can build in Cordoba and send reinforcements from Sevilha (which receives Faro's 4 knights). So it's a work in progress.

The plan is solid. I'll output the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"arqueiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":6,"destinoId":10,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":11,"destinoId":8,"tropas":{"lanceiro":3,"arqueiro":11,"cavaleiro":3}},{"origemId":9,"destinoId":11,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":6,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":3,"destinoId":6,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":3}},{"origemId":5,"destinoId":9,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":4}},{"origemId":1,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":5,"cavaleiro":8}},{"origemId":2,"destinoId":5,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":0,"destinoId":1,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":7,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":0}}]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [3]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [3]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [4]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [4]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [4]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [6]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [6]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [7]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [7]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [7]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [9]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [9]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [11]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [12]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [12]
ACEITO envio [6]->[10]: 2A+2K
ACEITO envio [11]->[8]: 3S+11A+3K
ACEITO envio [9]->[11]: 2S+6A+2K
ACEITO envio [3]->[6]: 2A+3K
ACEITO envio [5]->[9]: 4K
ACEITO envio [1]->[4]: 5A+8K
ACEITO envio [2]->[5]: 3A+2K
ACEITO envio [0]->[1]: 2A
ACEITO envio [7]->[12]: 1A
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Conquer Vigo and Toledo this turn to open the northern and central fronts. Shift all troops to the border villages: reinforce Badajoz, Porto, Cordoba, and Madrid for the next wave of attacks. Next turn, attack Burgos from Vigo and Murcia from Cordoba. Build archers in all villages to maintain the flow of reinforcements.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): I have launched a massive pincer movement. My northern army takes Vigo while my southern army strikes Toledo. I have emptied the interior to reinforce the borders, moving troops from Sevilha, Coimbra, Faro, Santarem, Evora, Lisboa, and Salamanca to the front lines. We now hold the initiative and will push deeper into enemy territory next turn.
########## TURNO 17 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4185 | resposta 33078 | raciocinio 25278 | finish stop | ms 344304
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 10, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 10, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 8, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 15, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 14, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 8, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 5}},\n    {\"fromId\": 19, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 4, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 20, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 2}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Attack Badajoz with 5 knights from Toledo (knight vs archer = x1.5 counter, 30 effective vs 15 defense, comfortable win). Build 4 archers at Zaragoza + send Pamplona's 4 archers and Huesca's 4 spearman + 2 knight there for the Madrid attack next turn. Madrid has 6 spearmen as most numerous, so I MUST have archers as my most numerous type to get the counter bonus. Build Vigo with 1 knight + 1 archer for Porto. Rebuild Toledo with 2 knights. Next turn: attack Madrid from Zaragoza with 9 archers + 4 spearman + 2 knight (archer most numerous, x1.5, ~45 effective vs 20), and Porto from Vigo with 2 knights + 1 archer (~15 effective vs 10).\",\n  \"statement\": \"My knights storm Badajoz from Toledo while I concentrate archers at Zaragoza for the decisive blow against Madrid. The enemy's spearman-heavy garrisons demand archer-led armies, and I'm massing accordingly. Vigo is being built up for the push on Porto next turn, and I'm rebuilding losses across the realm.\"\n}"
raciocinio: Let me analyze the situation carefully.

I'm King B with 13 of 24 villages. I need to hold 18 for 2 consecutive turns to win, or eliminate all enemy villages.

Let me map out what I have:
- [22] Barcelona - CAPITAL: 14 troops (6 spearman, 1 archer, 7 knight)
- [21] Tarragona: 1 knight
- [23] Girona: 12 troops (4 spearman, 1 archer, 7 knight)
- [18] Castellon: 5 troops (4 spearman, 1 knight)
- [17] Zaragoza: 10 troops (4 spearman, 1 archer, 5 knight) - BORDER with [12] Madrid
- [20] Huesca: 6 troops (4 spearman, 2 knight)
- [16] Valencia: 2 spearman
- [13] Teruel: 1 knight
- [15] Murcia: 10 troops (8 spearman, 2 knight) - BORDER with [11] Cordoba
- [19] Pamplona: 4 archer
- [14] Burgos: 5 troops (4 archer, 1 knight) - BORDER with [12] Madrid
- [8] Toledo: 8 troops (1 archer, 7 knight) - BORDER with [4], [11]
- [10] Vigo: 1 knight - BORDER with [6] Porto

Enemy villages I can see:
- [12] Madrid: 6 spearman, 2 archers, defense 20
- [11] Cordoba: 3 spearman, 11 archers, 3 knights, defense 43
- [4] Badajoz: 6 archers, defense 15
- [6] Porto: 2 archers, 2 knights, defense 10
- [7] Salamanca (last seen): 9 spearman, 7 archers, 3 knights

Unexplored: [3] Coimbra, [9] Sevilha, [5] Faro, [1] Santarem, [0] Lisboa (enemy capital), [2] Evora

So enemy has: Madrid, Cordoba, Badajoz, Porto, Salamanca, Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, Coimbra, Sevilha, Faro = 11 enemy villages. Total 24, I have 13, so 11 enemy.

I need to hold 18 for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate all enemy villages.

Let me think about strategy. I have 13 villages. I need 5 more to reach 18. The enemy has 11 villages.

Let me think about which enemy villages are easiest to take:
- [6] Porto: 2 archers, 2 knights, defense 10 - easiest target
- [4] Badajoz: 6 archers, defense 15
- [12] Madrid: 6 spearman, 2 archers, defense 20
- [11] Cordoba: 3 spearman, 11 archers, 3 knights, defense 43 - hard

From my border villages:
- Zaragoza [17] borders Madrid [12]
- Murcia [15] borders Cordoba [11]
- Burgos [14] borders Madrid [12]
- Toledo [8] borders Badajoz [4] and Cordoba [11]
- Vigo [10] borders Porto [6]

Let me plan attacks. I need to be efficient.

Let me think about resources. Each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn.

Let me compute resources per village:
- Barcelona: wood 40, iron 30
- Tarragona: wood 40, iron 20
- Girona: wood 40, iron 20
- Castellon: wood 60, iron 40
- Zaragoza: wood 120, iron 40
- Huesca: wood 90, iron 40
- Valencia: wood 30, iron 60
- Teruel: wood 50, iron 20
- Murcia: wood 30, iron 20
- Pamplona: wood 45, iron 20
- Burgos: wood 30, iron 90
- Toledo: wood 60, iron 60
- Vigo: wood 90, iron 40

Total wood: 40+40+40+60+120+90+30+50+30+45+30+60+90 = 725
Total iron: 30+20+20+40+40+40+60+20+20+20+90+60+40 = 460

Now, what can I build? Let me check each village's capacity and resources.

Costs: spearman 15 wood + 0 iron, archer 20 wood + 10 iron, knight 30 wood + 30 iron.

Let me think about what to build and where:

Barcelona: wood 40, iron 30. Can build: 2 spearman (30 wood), or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron), or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Currently 14/300 troops. Let's build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) - uses all iron. Or 2 spearman + 1 archer = 30+20=50 wood, too much. Let's do 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 50 wood, too much. So: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 10 wood. Or 2 spearman (30 wood) leaves 10 wood, 30 iron. Hmm, 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 35 wood, 10 iron, leaves 5 wood, 20 iron. 

Actually let me think more strategically. I need to attack multiple targets.

Priority targets: Porto [6] (defense 10), Badajoz [4] (defense 15), Madrid [12] (defense 20).

Let me think about attack compositions. 

For Porto [6]: garrison 2 archers, 2 knights, defense 10. March from Vigo [10]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn. Vigo has 1 knight. I could send the knight. Knight attack 4 vs defense... let me compute. Actually the effective defense is 10 (includes location bonus). The attacker's effective force... hmm, I need to compute properly.

Actually, let me re-read the combat rules. When attacking, the attacker counts their ATTACK; the defender counts DEFENSE. Counter triangle: spearman counters knight (x1.5), archer counters spearman (x1.5), knight counters archer (x1.5). Most numerous type sets the counter matchup.

For an attack on a village: defender gets location bonus (defense x1.25 in village, x1.5 in castle). The "effective defense" values in the report already include the location bonus.

So for Porto: effective defense 10. If I send 1 knight (attack 4), my effective attack is 4. 4 < 10, I lose. I need more.

Hmm, but wait - the defender's troops also fight. Let me re-read.

"When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs."

So it's: sum of attacker attacks (with counter multiplier) vs sum of defender defenses (with location bonus already included in the "effective defense" number).

Wait, the "effective defense" is a single number. Let me check: Porto has 2 archers (defense 2 each) and 2 knights (defense 2 each) = 8 base defense. Location bonus x1.25 = 10. Yes, that matches "effective defense: 10".

So the effective defense is the total defender force to beat.

For attacking, I need my total attack (with counter bonus) to exceed the effective defense.

Let me plan attacks:

**Porto [6] (defense 10)**: From Vigo [10], 1 knight (attack 4). Not enough. I need to reinforce Vigo first. 

Actually, let me think about what I can build this turn and send.

Vigo has wood 90, iron 40, 1 knight at home. I can build: knights cost 30 wood + 30 iron. So 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 60 wood, 10 iron. Or 2 spearmen (30 wood) + ... hmm.

Let me think about building at Vigo: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Then Vigo has 2 knights. Send both to Porto. Attack = 4+4 = 8. Still < 10. Hmm.

What about archers? Archer attack 2, cost 20 wood + 10 iron. Vigo has 90 wood, 40 iron. Can build 1 knight (30/30) + 1 archer (20/10) = 50 wood, 40 iron. Then Vigo has 1 knight + 1 archer + existing 1 knight = 2 knights, 1 archer. Attack = 4+4+2 = 10. Counter: most numerous is knight (2), knight counters archer... but the enemy has 2 archers and 2 knights. Hmm, the counter is based on the most numerous type of EACH army. My army: 2 knights, 1 archer → most numerous is knight. Knight counters archer, so x1.5? Wait, knight counters archer means when my knights face their archers... 

Let me re-read: "spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."

So if my most numerous type counters their most numerous type, I get x1.5. Their army: 2 archers, 2 knights - tie, and ties break in order spearman, archer, knight. So their most numerous is archer (tie broken toward archer over knight). My most numerous is knight. Knight counters archer. So I get x1.5!

My attack = (2*4 + 1*2) * 1.5 = 10 * 1.5 = 15. That beats 10. 

But wait, do I have time? Building takes 1 turn, and marching takes 1 turn. So if I build at Vigo this turn and send next turn, it arrives turn 19. Hmm.

Actually wait - "ready in 1 turn" means if I order the build now, it's ready next turn, and then I can send it. But can I send it the same turn it's built? Let me re-read.

"Each troop type... ready in 1 turn." And orders are simultaneous. So if I build this turn, the troops are available next turn. I can send them next turn.

Hmm, but actually, can I build and send in the same turn? The build completes in 1 turn, meaning they're available at the end of this turn / beginning of next. So I'd need to wait until next turn to send.

Actually, let me reconsider. The report says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" for each village, listing current troops. So the builds I order now will be available to send next turn.

Let me think about a different approach. What if I send existing troops now and build for future?

Let me reconsider the whole situation. I have 13 villages, need 18 (5 more). Enemy has 11. If I eliminate all enemy villages, I win. That means taking all 11.

Let me prioritize. The closest/easiest targets:
1. Porto [6] - defense 10, from Vigo [10]
2. Badajoz [4] - defense 15, from Toledo [8]
3. Madrid [12] - defense 20, from Zaragoza [17] or Burgos [14]

Let me think about what I can send NOW (turn 18):

From Toledo [8]: 1 archer, 7 knights (attack 30 if all sent). March to Badajoz [4]: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn.
- Attack: 7 knights (attack 4 each = 28) + 1 archer (attack 2) = 30. Counter: my most numerous is knight. Enemy at Badajoz: 6 archers. Most numerous: archer. Knight counters archer → x1.5. Total attack = 30 * 1.5 = 45 vs defense 15. Overkill but wins.

Actually wait, but the defender's effective defense is 15. My attack 45 >> 15. I'd win easily. But I'd take losses. "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So my losses would be proportional to their effective force (15). Hmm, with 45 vs 15, I'd win but lose some troops.

Actually, let me re-read: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER. The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."

So losses = loser's effective force? That seems like a lot. Let me think... if I attack with 45 and they defend with 15, I lose 15 "points" of troops. That's significant.

Hmm, maybe I should send just enough. If I send 7 knights: attack = 7*4 = 28, with counter x1.5 = 42. Still way more than 15. 

What if I send fewer? Let's say 4 knights: attack 16, x1.5 = 24 > 15. Still wins. 3 knights: 12, x1.5 = 18 > 15. Wins. 2 knights: 8, x1.5 = 12 < 15. Loses.

So 3 knights would win with attack 18 vs 15. Losses would be ~15 points... hmm, but what does "attrition against the loser's effective force" mean exactly? Maybe it means the winner loses troops equal to the loser's force divided by something. Let me not overthink and just plan.

Actually, I think the attrition means the winner loses some troops proportional to the loser's force. Let me just plan reasonable attacks.

Let me think about the bigger picture. I need to conquer 5 villages. Let me plan a multi-pronged attack.

Actually, let me reconsider. The note from last turn said: "Launch a three-pronged assault: Tarragona takes Zaragoza, Teruel takes Toledo, Burgos takes Vigo." But the result says I conquered Zaragoza, Toledo, and Vigo. So those attacks succeeded. Now I have those villages.

Now the note said: "Next turn, assess losses, rebuild troops, and prepare pushes toward Madrid and Cordoba."

So now I need to push toward Madrid and Cordoba.

Let me plan for this turn (turn 18):

**Build orders:**
Let me think about what to build where. I need to build troops for attacks.

Key attack fronts:
1. Madrid [12] from Zaragoza [17] and/or Burgos [14]
2. Cordoba [11] from Murcia [15] and/or Toledo [8]
3. Badajoz [4] from Toledo [8]
4. Porto [6] from Vigo [10]

Let me check resources and build capacity.

Zaragoza [17]: wood 120, iron 40, 10/300 troops. Can build: knights (30 wood, 30 iron) → 1 knight uses 30/30, leaving 90 wood, 10 iron. Then can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) → leaving 70 wood, 0 iron. Then spearmen (15 wood) → 4 spearmen = 60 wood. Total: 1 knight + 1 archer + 4 spearman = 7 troops. Hmm, but let me think about what I need.

Actually, for attacking Madrid (6 spearman, 2 archers, defense 20):
- Enemy most numerous: spearman (6). Archer counters spearman → x1.5.
- So I want archers as my most numerous type.
- If I send archers: each archer attack 2. Need total attack * 1.5 > 20, so attack > 13.33, so 7 archers (attack 14, x1.5 = 21 > 20). That works!
- Or mix: 6 archers (12) + something = 12*x1.5 = 18 < 20. Not enough.
- 7 archers: 14 * 1.5 = 21 > 21? No, 21 > 20. Wins.

But I don't have 7 archers available. Let me build them.

Zaragoza has 1 archer available. I need 6 more. Building 6 archers costs 120 wood, 60 iron. Zaragoza has 120 wood, 40 iron. Only enough iron for 4 archers (40 iron). So 4 archers = 80 wood, 40 iron. Then Zaragoza has 5 archers total. Need 2 more from somewhere.

Hmm, this is getting complex. Let me think about sending from multiple villages.

Actually, troops from different villages fight separately. So I can send from Zaragoza and Burgos separately.

Let me reconsider. Let me focus on the most efficient attacks.

**Attack Madrid [12] (defense 20, 6 spearman + 2 archer):**
Enemy most numerous: spearman. Counter: archer.

From Zaragoza [17]: currently 4 spearman, 1 archer, 5 knight. If I send the archer + some... hmm, if I send just 1 archer, attack 2, no counter bonus (my most numerous would be... just 1 archer, so archer is most numerous, archer counters spearman, x1.5 → 3). Way too weak.

Let me think about sending knights from Zaragoza: 5 knights, attack 20. My most numerous: knight. Enemy most numerous: spearman. Knight does NOT counter spearman (spearman counters knight). So no bonus. Attack = 20 vs defense 20. Tie → defender wins. So 5 knights alone lose.

What about 5 knights + 1 archer? Most numerous still knight (5). No counter. Attack = 20+2 = 22 > 20. Wins! But barely.

Hmm, but if I send all 5 knights + 1 archer from Zaragoza, that's attack 22 vs 20. I win but take losses.

Alternatively, from Burgos [14]: 4 archers, 1 knight. Send 4 archers: attack 8, counter x1.5 = 12 < 20. Not enough. Send 4 archers + 1 knight: most numerous archer (4), counter x1.5, attack = (8+4)*1.5 = 18 < 20. Not enough.

Hmm. So neither alone can beat Madrid easily. But I can send from both! They fight separately though.

Wait, if I send from Zaragoza (5 knights + 1 archer = 22 attack) and from Burgos (4 archers + 1 knight = 18 with counter), they fight Madrid's garrison separately. First one fights, then the other. If the first one wins, it takes losses and the garrison is reduced... wait, no. Let me re-read.

"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."

So each send fights the full garrison independently? Or does the first fight reduce the garrison for the second?

I think each send fights the current garrison. If the first send wins, it takes the village? No wait, if you attack and win, you conquer the village. But then the second send would be attacking your own village...

Hmm, actually, I think when you attack an enemy village and win, you conquer it. So only one send should attack an enemy village per turn (the others would be wasted or would arrive after conquest).

Wait, but they arrive on the same turn. Let me re-read: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."

So they fight one at a time against the garrison. If the first wins, the village is conquered, and then... the second send arrives at a now-conquered (your) village and joins as reinforcements? That could work! The first send conquers, the second send reinforces.

But the first send needs to win against the full garrison. So I need one send to be strong enough.

Alternatively, maybe I should attack different villages.

Let me reconsider the strategy. I need 5 more villages. Let me identify the easiest 5:

1. Porto [6] - defense 10
2. Badajoz [4] - defense 15
3. Madrid [12] - defense 20
4. Then I need 2 more from: Cordoba [11] (43), Salamanca [7] (unknown current), Lisboa [0], Santarem [1], Evora [2], Coimbra [3], Sevilha [9], Faro [5]

Hmm, the remaining ones are harder or unexplored. Let me think about whether I can reach them.

Road network:
- Badajoz [4] connects to [1] Santarem, [5] Faro, [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha
- Porto [6] connects to [3] Coimbra, [7] Salamanca, [10] Vigo
- Madrid [12] connects to [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza
- Cordoba [11] connects to [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia

So after taking Badajoz, I can reach Santarem, Faro, Salamanca, Sevilha.
After taking Porto, I can reach Coimbra, Salamanca.
After taking Madrid, I can reach Salamanca.

Salamanca [7] was last seen with 9 spearman, 7 archers, 3 knights (defense was... let me compute: 9*2 + 7*2 + 3*2 = 32 base, x1.25 = 40). That's tough.

Hmm, this is a complex campaign. Let me focus on this turn.

Let me think about what attacks I can launch NOW (turn 18) that will arrive and fight on turn 19.

March distances:
- Toledo [8] → Badajoz [4]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn
- Vigo [10] → Porto [6]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn
- Zaragoza [17] → Madrid [12]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn
- Burgos [14] → Madrid [12]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn
- Murcia [15] → Cordoba [11]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn
- Toledo [8] → Cordoba [11]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn

So all attacks take 1 turn (fast). If I send now, they arrive and fight on turn 19.

Let me plan attacks for this turn:

**Attack 1: Porto [6] from Vigo [10]**
Vigo has 1 knight. I need more. Let me build at Vigo: wood 90, iron 40.
- Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron): Vigo now has 2 knights.
- Send 2 knights to Porto. Attack = 4+4 = 8. My most numerous: knight. Enemy: 2 archers, 2 knights, tie → archer (tiebreak order: spearman, archer, knight). Knight counters archer → x1.5. Attack = 8 * 1.5 = 12 > 10. Wins!

Actually wait, I need to check: can I build and send in the same turn? The build takes 1 turn. So if I build now (turn 18), the troops are ready on turn 19. But the march also takes 1 turn. So if I send on turn 19, they arrive on turn 20.

Hmm, that's a problem. Let me re-read the rules.

"Each troop type has its own ATTACK and DEFENSE values... costs... ready in 1 turn."

I think "ready in 1 turn" means: order the build on turn N, troops are available on turn N+1. Then you can send them on turn N+1, and they arrive on turn N+1+march_time.

So if I build at Vigo on turn 18, the new knight is available on turn 19. I can send on turn 19, arrives on turn 20.

But the existing 1 knight at Vigo can be sent on turn 18, arriving on turn 19.

So for Porto: I can send the existing 1 knight on turn 18 (arrives turn 19). Attack = 4. Counter: my most numerous is knight (1), enemy tie → archer. Knight counters archer → x1.5. Attack = 4 * 1.5 = 6 < 10. Loses.

So I need to build first. Let me build at Vigo this turn (1 knight), and next turn send 2 knights.

Alternatively, can I send reinforcements to Vigo from another village? Burgos [14] → Vigo [10]: let me check the road. Burgos connects to [10] Vigo, [12] Madrid, [19] Pamplona. Yes! Burgos → Vigo is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.

Burgos has 4 archers, 1 knight. If I send 1 knight from Burgos to Vigo, it arrives on turn 19. Then on turn 19, Vigo has 2 knights (original + reinforcement), and I can send both to Porto on turn 19, arriving turn 20.

Hmm, that delays things. Let me think about whether I should just build.

Actually, let me reconsider. Let me build at Vigo now (1 knight, 30 wood, 30 iron). Then next turn, send 2 knights to Porto. They arrive turn 20 and fight.

Meanwhile, this turn I can send existing troops to other targets.

**Attack 2: Badajoz [4] from Toledo [8]**
Toledo has 1 archer, 7 knights. Send 3 knights: attack 12, counter x1.5 (knight vs archer) = 18 > 15. Wins! But I'd keep 4 knights + 1 archer at Toledo for defense.

Actually, let me send more to be safe. Send 4 knights: attack 16, x1.5 = 24 > 15. Wins with margin.

Hmm, but I want to conserve troops. Let me send 3 knights: 12 * 1.5 = 18 > 15. That works.

Wait, but what about the archer? If I send 3 knights + 1 archer: most numerous is knight (3), attack = 12+2 = 14, x1.5 = 21 > 15. Also works. But the archer adds little. Let me just send 3 knights.

Actually, let me reconsider. After conquering Badajoz, I'll want to push further. Let me send 4 knights from Toledo to Badajoz. Attack 16 * 1.5 = 24 > 15. Wins.

**Attack 3: Madrid [12] from Zaragoza [17]**
Zaragoza has 4 spearman, 1 archer, 5 knight. 
- Send 5 knights + 1 archer: most numerous knight (5), attack = 20+2 = 22 > 20. Wins (barely, tie would go to defender, but 22 > 20).
- Or send 5 knights: attack 20, tie → defender wins. So I need the archer.
- Send 5 knights + 1 archer: 22 > 20. Wins.

But that leaves Zaragoza with 4 spearman. Hmm, Zaragoza is a border village with Madrid. If I empty it, it has 4 spearman... wait, I'm sending all available. "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 4 spearman, 1 archer, 5 knight." If I send 5 knights + 1 archer, I leave 4 spearman. That's OK for defense.

Actually wait, I should check: does Madrid have a counterattack? The enemy might send reinforcements to Madrid. But I don't know enemy orders.

Let me also consider: should I attack Madrid from Burgos too? Burgos has 4 archers, 1 knight. Send 4 archers + 1 knight: most numerous archer (4), counter x1.5 (archer vs spearman), attack = (8+4)*1.5 = 18 < 20. Not enough. So Burgos alone can't take Madrid.

But if Zaragoza's attack succeeds, Madrid is conquered. Then Burgos's send would arrive at my own village and reinforce. But that's wasteful.

Let me just send from Zaragoza: 5 knights + 1 archer.

Hmm wait, but if I send 5 knights + 1 archer and the attack is 22 vs 20, I win but take losses. The losses would be proportional to the defender's force (20). That could be significant - maybe I lose several knights.

Let me reconsider. What if I build archers at Zaragoza to get a stronger attack?

Zaragoza: wood 120, iron 40. Build 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron). Then Zaragoza has 5 archers + 4 spearman + 5 knight = 14 troops.

Next turn, send 5 archers + 4 spearman? Hmm, most numerous would be archer (5), counter x1.5, attack = 10+4 = 14, x1.5 = 21 > 20. That works with spearmen and archers, no knights lost to attrition... well, all troops take attrition.

Actually, the issue is that any winning attack takes losses. Let me just accept that.

Let me simplify. Here's my plan for turn 18:

**Builds:**
1. Vigo [10]: build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) - for Porto attack next turn
2. Zaragoza [17]: build 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) - for Madrid attack
3. Maybe build at other villages too

**Movements (turn 18):**
1. Toledo [8] → Badajoz [4]: 3 knights (or 4)
2. Zaragoza [17] → Madrid [12]: 5 knights + 1 archer (existing, before new archers are built)

Wait, if I build archers at Zaragoza, they won't be available until turn 19. So this turn I can only send existing troops.

Let me reconsider. Maybe I should:
- This turn: send existing troops to Badajoz and Madrid
- Build for next turn's attacks (Porto, Cordoba, etc.)

Let me finalize:

**Movements turn 18:**
1. Toledo [8] → Badajoz [4]: 4 knights (attack 16 * 1.5 = 24 > 15, wins)
2. Zaragoza [17] → Madrid [12]: 5 knights + 1 archer (attack 22 > 20, wins)
3. Vigo [10] → Porto [6]: 1 knight (attack 4 * 1.5 = 6 < 10, loses) - DON'T DO THIS

So for Porto, I need to build first. Let me build at Vigo and send next turn.

Actually, wait. Let me reconsider. Can I send reinforcements to Vigo from somewhere else so Vigo has enough this turn?

Burgos [14] → Vigo [10]: 1 turn. If I send 1 knight from Burgos to Vigo, it arrives turn 19. But Vigo's knight would have already marched to Porto on turn 18 and arrived turn 19. They'd be in different places.

Hmm, what if I send the Vigo knight to Porto and the Burgos knight to Porto too? They arrive same turn but fight separately. First fight: 1 knight (attack 4*1.5=6) vs 10 → loses, destroyed. Second fight: 1 knight vs 10 → loses. Both fail.

So I need to build up Vigo. Let me build 1 knight at Vigo this turn, and next turn send 2 knights.

**Builds turn 18:**
1. Vigo [10]: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron)
2. Zaragoza [17]: 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) - for future Madrid push or other uses
3. Maybe build spearmen at various villages for defense/reinforcements

Let me also think about Murcia [15] → Cordoba [11]. Cordoba has defense 43 (3 spearman, 11 archers, 3 knights). That's very strong. Murcia has 8 spearman, 2 knight. Attack = 8*1 + 2*4 = 16. Enemy most numerous: archer (11). My most numerous: spearman (8). Spearman does NOT counter archer (archer counters spearman). So no bonus. Attack 16 < 43. Way too weak.

So I can't take Cordoba yet. I need to build up.

Let me also consider: should I attack Salamanca [7]? It was last seen with 9 spearman, 7 archers, 3 knights. But it's 2 turns from Vigo, and I don't know its current state. Also, I can't reach it directly from my current villages except through Porto or Badajoz (which I don't own yet).

OK let me also think about building for the long term. Each village produces resources. I should build troops to maintain momentum.

Let me check what each village can build:

Barcelona [22]: wood 40, iron 30, 14/300. Build 1 knight (30/30). Or 2 spearman (30 wood) + ... iron 30 left. Or 1 archer (20/10) + 1 spearman (15/0) = 35 wood, 10 iron. Let me build 1 knight.

Tarragona [21]: wood 40, iron 20, 1/300. Build 1 archer (20/10) or 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 knight (30/30) - not enough iron for knight (need 30, have 20). Build 1 archer (20/10).

Girona [23]: wood 40, iron 20, 12/300. Build 1 archer (20/10).

Castellon [18]: wood 60, iron 40, 5/300. Build 1 knight (30/30) + 1 archer (20/10) = 50 wood, 40 iron. Or 2 knights? Need 60 wood, 60 iron. No. Build 1 knight + 1 archer.

Zaragoza [17]: wood 120, iron 40, 10/300. Build 4 archers (80/40). Or 1 knight (30/30) + 3 archers (60/30) = 90 wood, 60 iron - not enough iron. Build 4 archers (80/40). Or 2 knights (60/60) - not enough iron. Or 1 knight (30/30) + 1 archer (20/10) + 3 spearman (45/0) = 95 wood, 40 iron. Hmm, that's a mix. Let me think about what I need.

Actually, for Madrid I'm already sending 5 knights + 1 archer. The new builds would be for future. Let me build 4 archers at Zaragoza for future attacks.

Huesca [20]: wood 90, iron 40, 6/300. Build 1 knight (30/30) + 1 archer (20/10) = 50 wood, 40 iron. Or 2 knights (60/60) - not enough iron. Build 1 knight + 1 archer.

Valencia [16]: wood 30, iron 60, 2/300. Build 2 knights (60/60)? Need 60 wood, have 30. No. Build 1 knight (30/30) - uses all wood, leaves 30 iron. Or 1 archer (20/10) + ... hmm. Build 1 knight (30/30).

Teruel [13]: wood 50, iron 20, 1/300. Build 1 archer (20/10) or 3 spearman (45 wood). Build 1 archer.

Murcia [15]: wood 30, iron 20, 10/300. Build 1 archer (20/10) or 2 spearman (30 wood). Build 1 archer.

Pamplona [19]: wood 45, iron 20, 4/300. Build 1 archer (20/10).

Burgos [14]: wood 30, iron 90, 5/300. Build 3 knights (90/90)? Need 90 wood, have 30. No. Build 1 knight (30/30) - uses all wood. Or 4 archers (80/40) - need 80 wood, have 30. No. Build 1 knight (30/30).

Toledo [8]: wood 60, iron 60, 8/300. Build 2 knights (60/60). 

Vigo [10]: wood 90, iron 40, 1/300. Build 1 knight (30/30) + 1 archer (20/10) = 50 wood, 40 iron. Or 3 spearmen (45 wood). Let me build 1 knight + 1 archer.

Hmm, but I'm sending 4 knights from Toledo to Badajoz. If I build 2 more knights at Toledo, Toledo would have 1 archer + 3 knights + 2 new = wait, I'm sending 4 of the 7 knights. So Toledo keeps 3 knights + 1 archer. Then building 2 more gives 5 knights + 1 archer.

Actually wait, let me reconsider. Do I want to send 4 knights from Toledo? That leaves Toledo with 3 knights + 1 archer. Toledo borders Badajoz [4] and Cordoba [11] and Madrid [12] and Teruel [13]. After taking Badajoz, Toledo's borders expand. It's a key forward base. I should keep some troops there but not too many.

Let me reconsider the Badajoz attack. Badajoz has 6 archers, defense 15. If I send 3 knights from Toledo: attack 12 * 1.5 = 18 > 15. Wins. Losses ~15. That means I lose about 15 points of attack... hmm, what does that mean in terms of actual troops lost?

Let me re-read: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."

I think this means the winner loses troops with total defense (or attack?) equal to the loser's effective force. So if I attack with 3 knights (attack 12, boosted to 18) and the defender has effective defense 15, I lose troops worth 15... in what metric? 

I think it might mean: the winner's force is reduced by the loser's force. So my 18 effective becomes 18-15 = 3 remaining. That would mean I lose most of my troops. Hmm, that seems harsh.

Actually, let me re-read more carefully: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER. The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."

I think "attrition against the loser's effective force" means the winner loses some troops proportional to the loser's force. Maybe it's like: winner's remaining force = winner's force - loser's force. So if I have 18 and they have 15, I end up with 3. That means I'd lose 15 out of 18 effective, which is most of my 3 knights.

Hmm, that doesn't seem right either. Let me think about it differently. Maybe the losses are computed differently. Let me just go with the assumption that the winner loses some troops but not all.

Actually, I think the most natural reading is: the winner's force is reduced by the loser's force (like damage). So effective force after battle = winner_force - loser_force. The surviving troops would be proportional to the remaining force.

If I send 3 knights (effective 18) vs defense 15: I win, remaining effective = 3. So I'd have about 3/18 = 1/6 of my troops survive, which is about 0.5 knights... so maybe 1 knight survives? That seems like I lose 2 knights.

Hmm, that's actually not terrible. Let me just go with this interpretation.

Actually, maybe the attrition works differently. Let me not overthink this and just plan reasonable attacks. The key insight is: I want to win with minimal losses, which means I want maximum force advantage.

Let me reconsider. For Badajoz (defense 15), sending 3 knights gives 18 effective, winning by 3. Sending 4 knights gives 24 effective, winning by 9. The extra knight costs 30 wood + 30 iron but gives more margin. Since I have plenty of resources at Toledo (60 wood, 60 iron), let me send 4 knights for a comfortable win.

Actually, wait. Let me reconsider the counter mechanic. "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."

For my attack on Badajoz with 4 knights: my most numerous is knight. Enemy (6 archers): most numerous is archer. Knight counters archer → x1.5. My attack = 4*4 = 16, x1.5 = 24. Defender effective = 15. I win, remaining = 24-15 = 9. So about 9/24 = 3/8 of my troops survive = ~1.5 knights. So I lose ~2-3 knights.

Hmm, that's a lot of loss for one village. But I need to take it.

Actually, maybe I should use spearmen instead? No, spearman doesn't counter anything here and has low attack.

What about archers? If I send archers as most numerous: archer counters spearman, but Badajoz has archers, not spearmen. So no counter bonus. Archers attack 2 each, need 8 archers to get 16 > 15. But I only have 1 archer at Toledo.

OK, knights it is. Let me send 4 knights from Toledo to Badajoz.

Now let me also think about Madrid. Zaragoza sends 5 knights + 1 archer. Attack = 5*4 + 2 = 22. Most numerous: knight (5). Enemy most numerous: spearman (6). Knight does NOT counter spearman. Spearman counters knight. So... does the defender get a counter bonus? Let me re-read.

"Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counts knight; archer counts spearman; knight counts archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."

"Your force" - does this apply to both attacker and defender? I think so. The counter is a bonus for the side that has the counter matchup.

So if my most numerous is knight and their most numerous is spearman: spearman counters knight. Does that mean the DEFENDER gets x1.5? Let me re-read.

"Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."

I think "your force" refers to whoever has the counter. So if the defender's most numerous type counters the attacker's most numerous type, the defender gets x1.5 to their defense. And vice versa.

Hmm, but the "effective defense" values in the report already include the location bonus. Do they also include the counter bonus? No, the counter bonus depends on the attacker's composition, which the defender doesn't know in advance.

So for Madrid attack: my most numerous is knight, their most numerous is spearman. Spearman counters knight → defender gets x1.5. Their effective defense becomes 20 * 1.5 = 30. My attack = 22. 22 < 30. I LOSE!

Oh no, that changes everything. Let me reconsider.

So the counter bonus applies to whoever has the counter, and it multiplies their force. For the attacker, it multiplies their attack. For the defender, it multiplies their defense.

Wait, but the "effective defense" already includes location bonus. So the counter would be an additional multiplier on top.

Let me re-read: "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again."

So effective defense = base defense * location bonus. Then the counter bonus is applied additionally during combat.

So for Madrid: effective defense = 20 (already includes location bonus). If defender has counter (spearman vs knight), defense becomes 20 * 1.5 = 30. My attack = 22. I lose.

If I instead make archers my most numerous type: archer counters spearman → I get x1.5. My attack becomes (total attack) * 1.5.

So for Madrid, I need archers to be my most numerous type!

Let me reconsider. Madrid has 6 spearman, 2 archers. Most numerous: spearman. I need archers as my most numerous to counter.

If I send 7 archers: attack 14, x1.5 = 21 > 20. Wins!

But I only have 1 archer at Zaragoza and 1 at Burgos. I need to build archers.

Alternatively, what if I send a mix where archers are most numerous? Like 5 archers + some knights/spearmen. Attack = 5*2 + ... = 10+, x1.5 = 15+. Need > 20, so attack before counter > 13.33. So 7 archers (14) or 6 archers + 1 knight (14) etc.

Hmm, 6 archers + 1 knight: most numerous archer (6), attack = 12+4 = 16, x1.5 = 24 > 20. Works!

But I need 6 archers. Zaragoza has 1. I need to build 5 more. Zaragoza has wood 120, iron 40. 5 archers = 100 wood, 50 iron. Not enough iron (only 40). So 4 archers max from Zaragoza's iron. 4 archers = 80 wood, 40 iron. Then Zaragoza has 5 archers total.

I could get 1 more archer from another village. Or send from both Zaragoza and Burgos.

Burgos has 4 archers, 1 knight. If I send 4 archers + 1 knight from Burgos: most numerous archer (4), attack = 8+4 = 12, x1.5 = 18 < 20. Not enough.

If I send from Zaragoza (5 archers, after building 4) and from Burgos (4 archers + 1 knight), they fight separately. Zaragoza's send: 5 archers, attack 10, x1.5 = 15 < 20. Not enough either.

Hmm. So I need to build more archers or find another approach.

What if I build archers at multiple villages and send them to Zaragoza as reinforcements, then attack Madrid with a big archer force?

That would take multiple turns. Let me think about the timeline.

Turn 18: Build archers at Zaragoza (4) and other villages. 
Turn 19: Archers arrive at Zaragoza (if I send from other villages). Or I can build at Zaragoza and they're ready turn 19.
Turn 19: Send archers from Zaragoza to Madrid. Arrive turn 20.

Alternatively, what about attacking Madrid with spearmen? Spearman counters knight. Madrid's most numerous is spearman, not knight. So spearman doesn't counter. No bonus. Spearman attack 1 each, need 21 spearmen to beat 20. Too many.

What about a mixed approach where my most numerous is something that doesn't get countered? If my most numerous is archer and theirs is spearman, I get the bonus. If my most numerous is knight and theirs is spearman, they get the bonus. If my most numerous is spearman and theirs is spearman, tie → breaks in order spearman, archer, knight → both have spearman as most numerous, so... tie. Does a tie give no bonus? I think so.

So the only way to get the bonus against Madrid (spearman-heavy) is to have archers as my most numerous.

OK so I need to build archers. Let me plan:

Turn 18 builds:
- Zaragoza [17]: 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) → Zaragoza has 5 archers + 4 spearman + 5 knight = 14 troops
- Burgos [14]: build... Burgos has wood 30, iron 90. Can build 1 knight (30/30). Not helpful for archers. Can I build archers? 20 wood, 10 iron each. Burgos has 30 wood, so 1 archer (20/10). Then Burgos has 5 archers + 1 knight.
- Other villages: build archers where possible.

Actually, let me think about sending archers to Zaragoza from other villages. 

Pamplona [19] → Zaragoza [17]: 1 turn. Pamplona has 4 archers. If I send them to Zaragoza, they arrive turn 19. Then Zaragoza has 4 (existing) + 4 (from Pamplona) = wait, Zaragoza already has 1 archer. If I build 4 at Zaragoza, that's 5. Plus 4 from Pamplona = 9 archers. Then on turn 19, send 9 archers to Madrid: attack 18, x1.5 = 27 > 20. Wins!

But wait, I need to check: can Pamplona send 4 archers to Zaragoza? Yes, they're connected by road.

Let me also think about whether I should attack Madrid this turn or next.

This turn (turn 18), I can send existing troops. Zaragoza has 1 archer + 5 knights + 4 spearmen. If I send 1 archer + 5 knights: most numerous knight, defender gets counter bonus (spearman vs knight), defense 20*1.5 = 30, my attack 22 < 30. Lose.

If I send just 1 archer: attack 2, most numerous archer, I get counter x1.5 = 3 < 20. Lose.

So I can't attack Madrid this turn. I need to build up first.

Let me plan for turn 19 attack on Madrid:
- Build 4 archers at Zaragoza (turn 18)
- Send 4 archers from Pamplona to Zaragoza (turn 18), arrive turn 19
- On turn 19, Zaragoza has 1 (existing) + 4 (built) + 4 (from Pamplona) = 9 archers, plus 4 spearman, 5 knight
- Send 7+ archers from Zaragoza to Madrid on turn 19, arrive turn 20

That works but takes time. Meanwhile, I can attack other targets this turn.

Let me reconsider the whole plan:

**Turn 18 orders:**

Builds:
1. Zaragoza [17]: 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron)
2. Vigo [10]: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) - for Porto next turn
3. Toledo [8]: 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) - to replace those sent to Badajoz
4. Other villages: build what they can for long-term strength

Movements:
1. Toledo [8] → Badajoz [4]: 4 knights (attack 16, counter x1.5 = 24 > 15, wins)
2. Pamplona [19] → Zaragoza [17]: 4 archers (reinforce for Madrid attack)
3. Zaragoza [17] → Madrid [12]: can't win, skip

Hmm wait, but if I send 4 archers from Pamplona to Zaragoza, and also build 4 archers at Zaragoza, then on turn 19 Zaragoza has 9 archers. But I also need to consider: should I send some troops from Zaragoza to Madrid on turn 18? No, as calculated, I can't win.

Actually, let me reconsider. What about sending spearmen from somewhere to Madrid? No, that's worse.

Let me also think about whether I should attack Badajoz with fewer troops to conserve. If I send 3 knights: attack 12, x1.5 = 18 > 15. Wins by 3. Losses would be ~15 effective, leaving 3. So I'd lose about 2-3 knights. If I send 4 knights: attack 16, x1.5 = 24 > 15. Wins by 9. Losses ~15, leaving 9. I'd lose about 9/24 * 4 = 1.5 knights, so maybe 2 knights survive, 2 lost. Hmm, that's better proportionally.

Actually, I'm not sure about the attrition math. Let me just send 4 knights for a comfortable margin.

Wait, actually, let me reconsider. Maybe I should send 3 knights and keep 4 at Toledo for defense. Toledo borders Badajoz (which I'll conquer), Cordoba, Madrid, and Teruel. After conquering Badajoz, Toledo's new borders would include Santarem, Faro, Salamanca, Sevilha through Badajoz. So Toledo becomes even more important. I should keep some troops there.

Let me send 3 knights from Toledo to Badajoz. Attack 12 * 1.5 = 18 > 15. Wins. Toledo keeps 4 knights + 1 archer.

Hmm, but with only 3 knights, the margin is small. If the enemy reinforces Badajoz between turns... but orders are simultaneous, so the enemy can't reinforce before the battle. The defense I see (15) is what I fight against.

Actually wait, the enemy might send troops to Badajoz this turn as reinforcement. But those troops would arrive after my attack? Let me re-read.

"An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination."

So if the enemy sends troops to Badajoz, they'd arrive and fight there. If my troops also arrive at Badajoz on the same turn... hmm, "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."

But this is about my troops. What about enemy reinforcements arriving at the same time as my attack? I think the enemy's reinforcements would join the garrison before my attack arrives, or they'd fight separately.

Actually, the rules say orders are simultaneous over the same snapshot. So the enemy writes orders based on the current state. If the enemy sends troops to Badajoz, those troops would march and arrive in 1 turn. My attack also arrives in 1 turn. What happens?

I think the enemy's marching troops would fight my marching troops on the road if they meet. But if they're both heading to Badajoz, they might arrive at different times or fight on the road.

This is getting complicated. Let me just assume the enemy won't reinforce Badajoz (I can't know their orders anyway) and plan my attack.

Let me also consider: should I attack Porto this turn? Vigo has 1 knight. Attack 4 * 1.5 = 6 < 10. Loses. So no, I need to build first.

What about attacking Cordoba from Murcia? Murcia has 8 spearman, 2 knight. Attack = 8*1 + 2*4 = 16. Enemy most numerous: archer (11). My most numerous: spearman (8). Spearman doesn't counter archer; archer counters spearman → defender gets x1.5. Defense 43 * 1.5 = 64.5. My attack 16 << 64.5. Lose badly.

So Cordoba is not attackable yet.

Let me also think about the unexplored villages. I need to explore them eventually. But for now, let me focus on taking the known easy targets.

Let me also consider: what about sending a scouting party? I don't think there's a scout action. I can only send troops to attack or reinforce.

OK, let me also think about what to build for the long term. I need to keep building troops to maintain momentum.

Let me finalize my turn 18 plan:

**Builds:**
1. Zaragoza [17]: 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) - for Madrid attack
2. Vigo [10]: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) - for Porto attack
3. Toledo [8]: 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) - replenish after Badajoz
4. Burgos [14]: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) - Burgos has 30 wood, 90 iron. Build 1 archer → 5 archers + 1 knight.
5. Barcelona [22]: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) - capital defense
6. Girona [23]: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron)
7. Castellon [18]: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 50 wood, 40 iron
8. Huesca [20]: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 50 wood, 40 iron
9. Valencia [16]: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron)
10. Teruel [13]: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron)
11. Murcia [15]: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron)
12. Pamplona [19]: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron)
13. Tarragona [21]: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron)

Hmm, that's a lot of builds. Let me check if I have enough resources.

Actually, let me be more selective. I don't need to build everywhere. Let me focus on the key fronts.

Key builds:
1. Zaragoza [17]: 4 archers (80/40) - Madrid attack
2. Vigo [10]: 1 knight (30/30) - Porto attack
3. Toledo [8]: 2 knights (60/60) - replenish
4. Burgos [14]: 1 archer (20/10) - for future Madrid/Burgos front
5. Pamplona [19]: 1 archer (20/10) - but I'm sending Pamplona's archers to Zaragoza

Wait, if I send Pamplona's 4 archers to Zaragoza, then Pamplona has 0 archers. Building 1 more gives 1. That's fine.

Actually, let me reconsider. Instead of sending Pamplona's archers to Zaragoza, maybe I should build archers at Zaragoza and use Pamplona's archers for something else, or keep them at Pamplona for defense.

Pamplona [19] borders Burgos [14], Zaragoza [17], Huesca [20]. All are mine. So Pamplona is interior, no enemy border. It doesn't need defense. So sending its archers away is fine.

But wait, if I send 4 archers from Pamplona to Zaragoza, they arrive turn 19. Then on turn 19, I can send them from Zaragoza to Madrid, arriving turn 20. That's fine.

Alternatively, I could send Pamplona's archers directly to Madrid? No, Pamplona doesn't border Madrid. The road is Pamplona → Burgos → Madrid or Pamplona → Zaragoza → Madrid. Armies stop at the first non-owned village. So Pamplona → Burgos (mine) → Madrid: the army would pass through Burgos (mine) and continue to Madrid. Wait, "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there." So if the path goes through my own villages, it continues. So Pamplona → Burgos → Madrid: passes through Burgos (mine), reaches Madrid (enemy), fights there.

But the march distance: Pamplona to Madrid via Burgos. Let me check the road network. Pamplona [19] connects to [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza, [20] Huesca. Burgos [14] connects to [10] Vigo, [12] Madrid, [19] Pamplona. So Pamplona → Burgos → Madrid. The march from Pamplona to Madrid would be 2 turns (Pamplona to Burgos is 1 turn, Burgos to Madrid is 1 turn).

Hmm, but the report says "march from [10] Vigo: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Salamanca. So march distances can be more than 1 turn.

If I send 4 archers from Pamplona to Madrid: march time would be 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns (assuming similar distance). So they'd arrive on turn 20 or 21.

If I send from Zaragoza to Madrid: 1 turn. Arrive turn 19.

So the faster route is Zaragoza → Madrid (1 turn).

Let me reconsider. On turn 18:
- Build 4 archers at Zaragoza (ready turn 19)
- Send 4 archers from Pamplona to Zaragoza (arrive turn 19)
- On turn 19: Zaragoza has 1 (existing) + 4 (built) + 4 (arrived) = 9 archers. Send 7+ archers to Madrid (arrive turn 20).

But wait, I also have 4 spearman and 5 knight at Zaragoza. On turn 19, I could send 7 archers + some other troops. But the most numerous must be archer for the counter.

7 archers: attack 14, x1.5 = 21 > 20. Just barely wins.
8 archers: attack 16, x1.5 = 24 > 20. More margin.
9 archers: attack 18, x1.5 = 27 > 20. Even more.

Let me send 8 archers for a decent margin. I'd keep 1 archer + 4 spearman + 5 knight at Zaragoza.

Hmm, but actually, I realize I should also consider: what if the enemy reinforces Madrid between turns 19 and 20? The enemy could send troops from Cordoba or Salamanca to Madrid. Cordoba [11] → Madrid [12]: road goes Cordoba → Toledo → Madrid? No, Cordoba connects to [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia. Madrid connects to [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza. So Cordoba → Toledo → Madrid. That's 2 turns. So reinforcements from Cordoba would take 2 turns.

Salamanca [7] → Madrid [12]: 1 turn (they're directly connected). So the enemy could send from Salamanca to Madrid. But I don't know Salamanca's current state or if the enemy will send.

This is a risk. Let me plan for it by sending a strong force.

Actually, let me reconsider the whole approach. Maybe I should attack multiple targets simultaneously to spread the enemy's defenses.

Let me think about what I can realistically achieve:

Turn 18: 
- Attack Badajoz from Toledo (send 3-4 knights) - should win
- Build for future attacks

Turn 19:
- Attack Madrid from Zaragoza (need archers built up)
- Attack Porto from Vigo (need knight built up)
- Attack from Badajoz (newly conquered) to nearby villages

Turn 20:
- Continue pushing

Let me also consider: after taking Badajoz, I can attack Santarem [1], Faro [5], Salamanca [7], Sevilha [9] from Badajoz. But I don't know their garrisons.

OK, let me just focus on this turn. Here's my plan:

**Movements (turn 18):**
1. Toledo [8] → Badajoz [4]: 4 knights
2. Pamplona [19] → Zaragoza [17]: 4 archers

Wait, should I also send something to Vigo? Vigo has 1 knight. If I send it to Porto, it loses. So no.

Should I send from Burgos to Madrid? Burgos has 4 archers, 1 knight. Send 4 archers + 1 knight: most numerous archer, counter x1.5 (archer vs spearman), attack = (8+4)*1.5 = 18 < 20. Not enough. So no.

What about sending from Murcia to Cordoba? Way too weak. No.

So only 2 attacks this turn: Badajoz and... that's it. Madrid needs preparation.

Hmm, that's not great. Let me think if there's anything else.

What about sending troops from Zaragoza to Madrid even though I can't win, just to... no, that would lose troops for no gain.

What about reinforcing border villages? Zaragoza borders Madrid. I could send troops from interior villages to Zaragoza to build up for the Madrid attack.

Let me send:
1. Huesca [20] → Zaragoza [17]: 4 spearman + 2 knight (Huesca has 4 spearman, 2 knight). March: Huesca → Zaragoza is 1 turn.
2. Pamplona [19] → Zaragoza [17]: 4 archers. 1 turn.

Then Zaragoza would have: 4 spearman + 1 archer + 5 knight (existing) + 4 spearman + 2 knight (from Huesca) + 4 archers (from Pamplona) = 8 spearman + 5 archer + 7 knight = 20 troops. Plus 4 archers built = 24 troops.

On turn 19, send from Zaragoza to Madrid: 8 archers + some. Attack = 16, x1.5 = 24 > 20. Wins!

But wait, I need to check: Huesca → Zaragoza: the road is Huesca [20] → Zaragoza [17]. Yes, they're connected. March time: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn (from the report, "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Huesca). So 1 turn.

Pamplona → Zaragoza: also 1 turn (Pamplona connects to Zaragoza directly).

OK, but sending Huesca's troops leaves Huesca with 0 troops. Huesca is interior (no enemy border), so that's fine.

Actually, wait. Let me reconsider. Do I need to send Huesca's spearman? For the Madrid attack, I need archers as the most numerous. If I send 8 archers + 8 spearman + 7 knight, the most numerous is spearman (8) vs archer (8)... tie! Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight → spearman wins. So most numerous would be spearman, no counter bonus. Bad!

So I need archers to be the clear most numerous. If I have 9 archers and 8 spearmen, archers are most numerous. Good.

Let me recalculate: Zaragoza after turn 18 builds and reinforcements:
- Existing: 4 spearman, 1 archer, 5 knight
- Built: 4 archers
- From Pamplona: 4 archers
- From Huesca: 4 spearman, 2 knight
Total: 8 spearman, 9 archer, 7 knight = 24 troops.

On turn 19, send to Madrid: 9 archers + some spearman/knight. If I send 9 archers + 4 spearman: most numerous archer (9), attack = 18+4 = 22, x1.5 = 33 > 20. Big win!

But I'd keep 4 spearman + 5 knight + 2 knight = wait, let me recount. If I send 9 archers + 4 spearman from Zaragoza, I keep 4 spearman + 7 knight = 11 troops for defense. That's fine.

Actually, I could send fewer. Let me send 8 archers + 2 spearman: most numerous archer (8), attack = 16+2 = 18, x1.5 = 27 > 20. Good margin. Keep 6 spearman + 7 knight + 1 archer = 14 troops.

Hmm, but I want to minimize losses. With attack 27 vs defense 20, I lose ~20 effective, leaving 7. So I'd lose about 7/27 of my force = ~1/4. With 10 troops sent, I'd lose ~2-3 troops. Acceptable.

Let me go with 8 archers + 2 spearman. Or just 8 archers: attack 16, x1.5 = 24 > 20. Keep it simple.

Actually, let me send 7 archers + 2 spearman: attack 14+2 = 16, x1.5 = 24 > 20. Same effective attack but with 2 spearmen along. Hmm, the spearmen add to the attack but also to the loss. Let me just send 8 archers.

Wait, I need to double-check the counter mechanic. If I send 8 archers and Madrid has 6 spearman + 2 archers:
- My most numerous: archer (8)
- Enemy most numerous: spearman (6)
- Archer counters spearman → I get x1.5
- My attack = 8 * 2 = 16, x1.5 = 24
- Enemy defense = 20 (effective, includes location bonus)
- 24 > 20, I win!

Great. But I also need to consider: does the enemy's archers (2) affect anything? The counter is based on the most numerous type only. So the 2 enemy archers don't change the matchup.

Also, what about the defender's counter? If my most numerous is archer and theirs is spearman, I have the counter. They don't have a counter (spearman doesn't counter archer; archer counters spearman, which is what I have). So only I get the bonus. Good.

OK so my plan is:

**Turn 18 builds:**
1. Zaragoza [17]: 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) ✓ (has 120 wood, 40 iron)
2. Vigo [10]: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) ✓ (has 90 wood, 40 iron)
3. Toledo [8]: 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) ✓ (has 60 wood, 60 iron)
4. Burgos [14]: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) ✓ (has 30 wood, 90 iron)
5. Barcelona [22]: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) ✓ (has 40 wood, 30 iron)
6. Girona [23]: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) ✓ (has 40 wood, 20 iron)
7. Castellon [18]: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 50/40 ✓ (has 60 wood, 40 iron)
8. Huesca [20]: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 50/40 ✓ (has 90 wood, 40 iron)
9. Valencia [16]: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) ✓ (has 30 wood, 60 iron)
10. Teruel [13]: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) ✓ (has 50 wood, 20 iron)
11. Murcia [15]: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) ✓ (has 30 wood, 20 iron)
12. Pamplona [19]: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) ✓ (has 45 wood, 20 iron)
13. Tarragona [21]: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) ✓ (has 40 wood, 20 iron)

Wait, but I'm sending Pamplona's 4 archers to Zaragoza. If I also build 1 archer at Pamplona, Pamplona would have 1 archer after sending 4. That's fine.

Hmm, but actually, do I need to build at all 13 villages? That's a lot of orders. Let me focus on the important ones.

Actually, let me reconsider. The key things are:
1. Take Badajoz this turn (need 4 knights from Toledo)
2. Prepare for Madrid next turn (need archers at Zaragoza)
3. Prepare for Porto (need knights at Vigo)
4. Build up overall strength

Let me simplify the builds to the most impactful:

1. Zaragoza [17]: 4 archers - critical for Madrid
2. Vigo [10]: 1 knight - critical for Porto
3. Toledo [8]: 2 knights - replenish after Badajoz
4. Burgos [14]: 1 archer - general buildup
5. Pamplona [19]: 1 archer - general buildup (but I'm sending its 4 archers away)

Hmm, actually, if I'm sending Pamplona's 4 archers to Zaragoza, Pamplona becomes empty of archers. Building 1 gives it 1 back. Not critical.

Let me also think: should I build at all? The more I build, the stronger I get. But each build order is a line in the JSON. Let me include the important ones.

Actually, let me reconsider whether I should send Huesca's troops to Zaragoza. Huesca has 4 spearman, 2 knight. If I send them, Huesca is empty. Huesca is interior, so no immediate threat. But it produces resources and can build. If empty, it can still build (resources are separate). So it's fine.

But do I need the spearman and knight from Huesca for the Madrid attack? I need archers to be the most numerous. If Zaragoza has 9 archers (1 existing + 4 built + 4 from Pamplona) and I also add 4 spearman + 2 knight from Huesca, then Zaragoza has 9 archer, 8 spearman (4 existing + 4 from Huesca), 7 knight (5 existing + 2 from Huesca). If I send 9 archers + some spearman, archers are still most numerous (9 > any other). Good.

But actually, do I need the extra spearman and knight? They add to the attack but also to losses. Let me just send the archers.

If I send 9 archers from Zaragoza to Madrid: attack 18, x1.5 = 27 > 20. Big win. Keep 4 spearman + 5 knight at Zaragoza. That's 9 troops for defense. Fine.

But wait, I'm building 4 archers at Zaragoza, and Pamplona sends 4 archers. So Zaragoza has 1 + 4 + 4 = 9 archers. I send all 9. Zaragoza keeps 4 spearman + 5 knight = 9 troops. Good.

Hmm, but should I keep some archers at Zaragoza? If Madrid attacks Zaragoza (counterattack), I'd want troops. But Madrid is the enemy; they'd need to attack me. With 9 troops at Zaragoza, I can defend.

Actually, let me keep 1 archer at Zaragoza and send 8. Attack 16, x1.5 = 24 > 20. Still a good win. Keep 1 archer + 4 spearman + 5 knight = 10 troops.

Hmm, 24 vs 20 means I win by 4. Losses ~20, leaving 4 effective. That means I lose about 20/24 of my force = 5/6. With 8 archers, I'd lose ~7 archers. That's a lot!

Wait, that can't be right. Let me reconsider the attrition rule.

"The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."

Maybe this means the winner loses troops equal to the loser's effective force divided by something? Or maybe it means the winner's force is reduced by the loser's force, and the remaining force is what survives.

If my attack is 24 and their defense is 20, I win and my remaining force is 24-20 = 4. So I keep 4/24 = 1/6 of my troops. With 8 archers (16 base attack, 24 effective), I'd keep about 1 archer. That means I lose 7 archers. That's brutal.

Hmm, but that's how the rule reads. Let me re-read once more.

"The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER. The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."

I think "attrition against the loser's effective force" means the winner suffers losses proportionally to the loser's force. The exact formula isn't specified, but it seems like the winner's force is reduced by the loser's force.

So if I attack with 24 and defend with 20, I end up with 4. My troops are reduced proportionally.

This means I want to attack with as much force as possible to minimize proportional losses. If I attack with 40 and defend with 20, I end up with 20, keeping half my troops. If I attack with 24, I end up with 4, keeping 1/6.

So it's better to overkill! Let me send more troops.

If I send 12 archers: attack 24, x1.5 = 36. End up with 36-20 = 16. Keep 16/36 = 4/9 of troops. Better than 1/6.

But I only have 9 archers at Zaragoza. Let me get more.

Hmm, this changes my strategy. I need to gather more troops for each attack to minimize losses.

Alternatively, maybe I should attack weaker targets first to build up momentum.

Let me reconsider. Badajoz has defense 15. If I attack with 4 knights: effective 24, end up with 9. Keep 9/24 = 3/8. If I attack with 8 knights: effective 48, end up with 33. Keep 33/48 = 11/16. Much better!

But I only have 7 knights at Toledo. I could send all 7: attack 28, x1.5 = 42, end up with 27. Keep 27/42 = 9/14 ≈ 64%. That's decent.

But then Toledo would have only 1 archer left. Hmm.

OK let me rethink the whole strategy. The attrition rule means I should attack with overwhelming force. But I also need to maintain my army.

Let me think about this differently. I have 79 soldiers total. The enemy has... let me estimate. Madrid 8, Cordoba 17, Badajoz 6, Porto 4, Salamanca 19 = 54 known. Plus unexplored villages. So the enemy has maybe 60-80 soldiers total.

I have 79. We're roughly equal. But I need to conquer 5 more villages. Each conquest costs troops. I need to be efficient.

Let me focus on the easiest targets and use overwhelming force where possible.

Actually, wait. Let me re-read the attrition rule one more time: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."

Maybe it means the winner loses a fixed number of troops based on the loser's force, not the entire difference. Like, maybe the winner loses loser_force / 2 or something. The rule is ambiguous.

Given the ambiguity, let me just plan reasonable attacks and see what happens. I'll aim for comfortable margins.

Let me also consider: maybe I should attack from multiple directions to divide the enemy's forces. But since each send fights separately, I need each send to win independently.

OK, let me just go with a practical plan:

**Turn 18:**

Builds:
1. Zaragoza [17]: 4 archers (80/40)
2. Vigo [10]: 1 knight (30/30)
3. Toledo [8]: 2 knights (60/60)
4. Barcelona [22]: 1 knight (30/30)
5. Girona [23]: 1 archer (20/10)
6. Castellon [18]: 1 knight (30/30) + 1 archer (20/10)
7. Huesca [20]: 1 knight (30/30) + 1 archer (20/10)
8. Burgos [14]: 1 archer (20/10)
9. Pamplona [19]: 1 archer (20/10)
10. Valencia [16]: 1 knight (30/30)
11. Teruel [13]: 1 archer (20/10)
12. Murcia [15]: 1 archer (20/10)
13. Tarragona [21]: 1 archer (20/10)

Movements:
1. Toledo [8] → Badajoz [4]: 7 knights (all of them) - attack 28, x1.5 = 42 > 15, big win
2. Pamplona [19] → Zaragoza [17]: 4 archers
3. Huesca [20] → Zaragoza [17]: 4 spearman + 2 knight

Wait, if I send all 7 knights from Toledo, Toledo has only 1 archer left. That's very weak. Toledo borders Badajoz (which I'll conquer), Cordoba, Madrid, and Teruel. After conquering Badajoz, it's a forward base. I should keep some troops.

Let me send 5 knights from Toledo, keep 2 knights + 1 archer. Attack 20, x1.5 = 30 > 15. End up with 30-15 = 15. Keep 15/30 = half. So I'd lose about 2-3 knights. Acceptable.

Hmm, but if I send 5 knights and lose ~2-3, I have 2-3 arriving at Badajoz as garrison. That's fine.

Actually, let me reconsider. After conquering Badajoz, the surviving troops become the garrison. So if I send 5 knights and 3 survive, Badajoz has 3 knights as garrison. Then I can build more there.

Let me go with 5 knights from Toledo to Badajoz.

Now for the Madrid attack, I need to prepare. Let me send reinforcements to Zaragoza:

Pamplona [19] → Zaragoza [17]: 4 archers (1 turn)
Huesca [20] → Zaragoza [17]: 4 spearman + 2 knight (1 turn)

After these arrive (turn 19) and my build of 4 archers at Zaragoza (ready turn 19), Zaragoza will have:
- 4 spearman (existing) + 4 spearman (from Huesca) = 8 spearman
- 1 archer (existing) + 4 archers (built) + 4 archers (from Pamplona) = 9 archers
- 5 knight (existing) + 2 knight (from Huesca) = 7 knight
Total: 24 troops

On turn 19, I can send 9 archers + 4 spearman to Madrid: most numerous archer (9), attack = 18+4 = 22, x1.5 = 33 > 20. Big win. End up with 33-20 = 13. Keep 13/33 ≈ 40%. So I'd lose about 5-6 troops out of 13 sent. Acceptable.

Zaragoza would keep 4 spearman + 7 knight = 11 troops for defense. Good.

But wait, I also need to think about the Porto attack. Vigo has 1 knight (existing) + 1 knight (built turn 18, ready turn 19) = 2 knights. On turn 19, send 2 knights to Porto: attack 8, x1.5 = 12 > 10. End up with 12-10 = 2. Keep 2/12 = 1/6. So I'd lose about 1-2 knights. The survivor becomes Porto's garrison.

Hmm, that's a thin margin. Let me build more at Vigo. Vigo has wood 90, iron 40. After building 1 knight (30/30), it has 60 wood, 10 iron. Can I build another knight? Need 30 wood, 30 iron. Only 10 iron left. No. Can build 1 archer (20/10). So Vigo can have 1 knight + 1 archer built.

If Vigo has 1 knight (existing) + 1 knight (built) + 1 archer (built) = 2 knights + 1 archer. Send all to Porto: most numerous knight (2), attack = 8+2 = 10, x1.5 = 15 > 10. End up with 15-10 = 5. Keep 5/15 = 1/3. Lose about 2 troops. Better!

But wait, the archer changes the most numerous? 2 knights vs 1 archer: most numerous is knight. Knight counters archer (enemy's most numerous is archer, tie broken to archer). So x1.5 applies. Attack = (2*4 + 1*2) = 10, x1.5 = 15 > 10. Yes!

OK so build 1 knight + 1 archer at Vigo. Then send 2 knights + 1 archer to Porto on turn 19.

But wait, I need to check: can Vigo build both in one turn? Yes, each build takes 1 turn, and I can order multiple builds at the same village. Vigo has 90 wood, 40 iron. 1 knight (30/30) + 1 archer (20/10) = 50 wood, 40 iron. Yes, can afford.

So Vigo builds: 1 knight + 1 archer. After build: Vigo has 1 knight (existing) + 1 knight + 1 archer = 2 knights + 1 archer = 3 troops. Send all to Porto on turn 19.

Alright, let me also think about what else to do.

After taking Badajoz (turn 19), I can attack from Badajoz on turn 20. Badajoz connects to Santarem [1], Faro [5], Salamanca [7], Sevilha [9], and Toledo [8]. I don't know the garrisons of Santarem, Faro, Sevilha. Salamanca was last seen with 9 spearman, 7 archers, 3 knights.

After taking Porto (turn 20), I can attack Coimbra [3] or Salamanca [7].

After taking Madrid (turn 20), I can attack Salamanca [7].

So Salamanca is a common next target. But it's strong (last seen: 19 troops, defense ~40).

Let me not plan too far ahead. Let me focus on this turn.

Actually, wait. Let me reconsider the timing. 

Turn 18: I order builds and movements.
- Builds complete: turn 19 (troops available)
- Movements: troops march for 1 turn, arrive turn 19

So on turn 19:
- My attacks on Badajoz arrive and fight
- My reinforcements arrive at Zaragoza
- New troops are built

Then on turn 19, I order new movements:
- From Zaragoza to Madrid (arrive turn 20)
- From Vigo to Porto (arrive turn 20)

And builds for turn 20.

This means I take Badajoz on turn 19, Madrid and Porto on turn 20. That's 3 new villages, bringing me to 16. I need 18 for 2 consecutive turns. So I need 2 more after that.

Actually, wait. The win condition is "hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns." So I need to hold 18 on turn N and turn N+1. If I take Badajoz on turn 19, Madrid and Porto on turn 20, I'd have 13+3 = 16 on turn 20. Not enough.

I need to take 5 villages. Let me count: Badajoz, Madrid, Porto = 3. I need 2 more. Those could be Salamanca, Santarem, Faro, Sevilha, Coimbra, Evora, or Lisboa.

After taking Badajoz, I can reach Santarem, Faro, Salamanca, Sevilha. After taking Porto, I can reach Coimbra, Salamanca. After taking Madrid, I can reach Salamanca.

So the next targets after Badajoz/Madrid/Porto would be from the unexplored ones. I need to attack them and see their garrisons.

This is going to take many turns. Let me just focus on making progress.

Let me also consider: maybe I should attack Cordoba instead of Madrid? Cordoba is stronger (defense 43) but if I can take it, I'd open up Sevilha and further south.

Actually, Cordoba is too strong right now. Let me stick with Madrid.

Hmm, but wait. Let me reconsider the Madrid attack. I said I need archers. But what if I attack with a mixed force where my most numerous type doesn't get countered?

Madrid: 6 spearman, 2 archers. Most numerous: spearman.

If my most numerous is spearman: tie with theirs (both spearman). No counter bonus for either. My attack = total attack. Need > 20. With spearman (attack 1), I'd need 21+ spearmen. Too many.

If my most numerous is archer: I counter their spearman. x1.5. Need attack > 13.33, so 7+ archers.

If my most numerous is knight: they counter me (spearman counters knight). Their defense becomes 20*1.5 = 30. Need attack > 30, so 8+ knights. I have 5 at Zaragoza + 2 from Huesca = 7 knights. Attack 28 < 30. Not quite enough. And I'd need to send all 7.

So archers are the way to go for Madrid.

Let me also think: what if I send some troops from Burgos to Madrid too? Burgos has 4 archers + 1 knight (after building 1 more archer, 5 archers + 1 knight). If I send 5 archers from Burgos to Madrid: attack 10, x1.5 = 15 < 20. Not enough. But if Zaragoza's attack weakens Madrid's garrison... no, each send fights the full garrison.

Hmm, unless Zaragoza's attack conquers Madrid, then Burgos's send would arrive at my own village. But they'd fight on the same turn. Let me re-read.

"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."

So if I send from both Zaragoza and Burgos to Madrid on the same turn, they fight one at a time. The first one fights the full garrison. If it wins, it conquers Madrid. Then the second one... arrives at a conquered village? Does it fight the garrison again or join as reinforcement?

I think if the first send conquers Madrid, the second send would arrive at a friendly village and join as reinforcement. But the order matters. If Zaragoza's send goes first and wins, Burgos's send arrives at now-friendly Madrid and reinforces. That could work!

But the risk is: if Zaragoza's send loses, Burgos's send fights next and might also lose. Both would be destroyed.

Let me just plan for Zaragoza to have enough to win on its own.

OK, let me also think about whether I should send troops from interior villages to border villages for defense. The enemy might counterattack. My border villages are Zaragoza (borders Madrid), Murcia (borders Cordoba), Burgos (borders Madrid), Toledo (borders Badajoz, Cordoba, Madrid), Vigo (borders Porto).

After I attack Badajoz, the enemy might send reinforcements to Madrid or Cordoba. I can't control that.

Let me just finalize my plan and write the orders.

**Final plan for turn 18:**

Builds:
1. Zaragoza [17]: 4 archers
2. Vigo [10]: 1 knight, 1 archer
3. Toledo [8]: 2 knights
4. Barcelona [22]: 1 knight
5. Girona [23]: 1 archer
6. Castellon [18]: 1 knight, 1 archer
7. Huesca [20]: 1 knight, 1 archer
8. Burgos [14]: 1 archer
9. Pamplona [19]: 1 archer
10. Valencia [16]: 1 knight
11. Teruel [13]: 1 archer
12. Murcia [15]: 1 archer
13. Tarragona [21]: 1 archer

Movements:
1. Toledo [8] → Badajoz [4]: 5 knights
2. Pamplona [19] → Zaragoza [17]: 4 archers
3. Huesca [20] → Zaragoza [17]: 4 spearman, 2 knight

Wait, I should double-check: can I send from Huesca? Huesca has 4 spearman, 2 knight. "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight." Yes.

And Pamplona: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 4 archer, 0 knight." Yes.

And Toledo: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 7 knight." I'm sending 5 knights. Yes.

Let me also check: should I send the 1 archer from Toledo to Badajoz too? If I send 5 knights + 1 archer: most numerous knight (5), attack = 20+2 = 22, x1.5 = 33 > 15. Even bigger win. But the archer would be along for the ride. Let me include it for extra punch. Actually, the archer adds 2 attack, making effective 33 instead of 30. Marginal benefit. And I'd lose the archer from Toledo's defense. Let me just send 5 knights.

Hmm, actually, let me reconsider. If I send 5 knights: attack 20, x1.5 = 30 vs 15. End up with 30-15 = 15. Keep 15/30 = half. So about 2-3 knights survive.

If I send 7 knights (all): attack 28, x1.5 = 42 vs 15. End up with 42-15 = 27. Keep 27/42 ≈ 64%. About 4-5 knights survive. More survivors as garrison.

But then Toledo has only 1 archer. After conquering Badajoz, Toledo's borders expand. I want Toledo to have some troops.

Let me send 5 knights. Toledo keeps 2 knights + 1 archer = 3 troops. That's minimal but OK for now since I'll build 2 more knights (turn 18 build).

Actually, wait. I'm building 2 knights at Toledo this turn. They'll be ready on turn 19. So on turn 19, Toledo has 2 knights (remaining) + 1 archer + 2 knights (new) = 5 troops. That's better.

OK, let me also reconsider: should I send the Huesca troops to Zaragoza? Huesca has 4 spearman, 2 knight. Zaragoza already has 4 spearman, 5 knight. Adding 4 spearman, 2 knight gives Zaragoza 8 spearman, 7 knight, plus 9 archers (after builds and Pamplona's arrival).

For the Madrid attack, I need archers to be most numerous. 9 archers vs 8 spearmen: archers win the count. Good.

But do I need the extra spearman and knight? They add attack power but also increase losses. Let me think...

If I send 9 archers + 4 spearman to Madrid: attack = 18+4 = 22, x1.5 = 33 vs 20. End up with 13. Keep 13/33 ≈ 39%. Lose about 8 out of 13 troops.

If I send just 9 archers: attack 18, x1.5 = 27 vs 20. End up with 7. Keep 7/27 ≈ 26%. Lose about 7 out of 9 troops.

So adding spearmen improves the survival rate! With 9 archers + 4 spearmen, I keep 39% vs 26%. So I should include some spearman/knight.

Let me send 9 archers + 4 spearman + 2 knight to Madrid: attack = 18+4+8 = 30, x1.5 = 45 vs 20. End up with 25. Keep 25/45 ≈ 56%. Lose about 6 out of 15 troops. Even better!

But wait, I need to keep some troops at Zaragoza for defense. If I send 9 archers + 4 spearman + 2 knight, I keep 4 spearman + 5 knight = 9 troops. That's fine.

Hmm, but actually, the most numerous must be archer. 9 archers vs 4 spearman vs 2 knight: archer is most numerous. Good.

Wait, but I have 8 spearman at Zaragoza (4 existing + 4 from Huesca). If I send 4 spearman, I keep 4. And 7 knight (5 existing + 2 from Huesca), if I send 2 knight, I keep 5. And 9 archers, send all 9.

So send: 9 archers + 4 spearman + 2 knight. Keep: 4 spearman + 5 knight = 9 troops.

Attack = 9*2 + 4*1 + 2*4 = 18+4+8 = 30, x1.5 = 45 vs 20. End up with 25. Keep 25/45 = 5/9 ≈ 56%. So I lose about 44% of 15 troops = ~6-7 troops lost. Survivors: ~8-9 troops become Madrid's garrison.

That's a good outcome. Let me plan for this.

But this is for turn 19, not turn 18. On turn 18, I just send reinforcements to Zaragoza.

OK wait, I realize I need to be more careful about the timing. Let me lay it out:

**Turn 18 (now):**
- Build: Zaragoza 4 archers, Vigo 1 knight + 1 archer, Toledo 2 knights, etc.
- Move: Toledo → Badajoz (5 knights), Pamplona → Zaragoza (4 archers), Huesca → Zaragoza (4 spearman + 2 knight)

**Turn 19:**
- Results: Badajoz conquered (if attack succeeds), reinforcements arrive at Zaragoza, builds complete
- Zaragoza now has: 4 spearman + 1 archer + 5 knight (existing) + 4 archers (built) + 4 archers (from Pamplona) + 4 spearman + 2 knight (from Huesca) = 8 spearman + 9 archer + 7 knight
- Vigo now has: 1 knight (existing) + 1 knight + 1 archer (built) = 2 knights + 1 archer
- Toledo now has: 2 knights + 1 archer (remaining) + 2 knights (built) = 4 knights + 1 archer

**Turn 19 orders:**
- Move: Zaragoza → Madrid (9 archers + 4 spearman + 2 knight)
- Move: Vigo → Porto (2 knights + 1 archer)
- Build: more troops

**Turn 20:**
- Results: Madrid and Porto conquered (if attacks succeed)
- I'd have 13 + 3 = 16 villages

Then I need 2 more. I'd attack from Badajoz, Porto, or Madrid.

OK, this is a reasonable plan. Let me finalize the turn 18 orders.

Actually, let me reconsider whether I should send Huesca's troops. If I send 4 spearman + 2 knight from Huesca, Huesca is empty. Huesca produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn and can build up to 300 troops. Being empty doesn't stop production. But it means Huesca has no defense. Since Huesca is interior (no enemy border), that's fine.

But wait, is Huesca truly interior? Let me check. Huesca [20] connects to [17] Zaragoza, [19] Pamplona, [23] Girona. All are mine. So yes, interior. No enemy can reach it without going through my villages. So it's safe to empty.

Similarly, Pamplona [19] connects to [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza, [20] Huesca. All mine. Interior. Safe to empty.

OK, let me finalize.

Actually, one more consideration: should I send the Huesca troops to Zaragoza, or should I send them somewhere else? Zaragoza is the staging ground for Madrid. That's the right destination.

But wait, I could also send Huesca's troops to Toledo to reinforce the Badajoz front. But Toledo is sending troops to Badajoz, so it'll be weaker. Hmm.

Actually, let me reconsider. After taking Badajoz, I might want to push further from there. But for now, let me focus on Madrid.

Let me also think: should I send any troops to Murcia? Murcia borders Cordoba (defense 43). I can't take Cordoba yet. So no point sending troops there for attack. But I could send troops to Murcia for defense... but Murcia is my village, and the enemy would need to attack it. The enemy could attack from Cordoba. But Cordoba has 17 troops; if they attack Murcia (defense 25 with location bonus... let me check: Murcia effective defense is 25, which already includes location bonus).

If the enemy attacks Murcia with their Cordoba force: 3 spearman + 11 archers + 3 knights. Most numerous: archer (11). If I defend with spearman as most numerous... hmm, the defender's counter matters too. Let me not worry about defense for now.

OK, let me write the final orders.

Hmm, actually, let me reconsider one thing. I'm planning to send 5 knights from Toledo to Badajoz. But I should double-check the counter:

Toledo send: 5 knights. Most numerous: knight.
Badajoz garrison: 6 archers. Most numerous: archer.
Knight counters archer → I get x1.5.
My attack: 5*4 = 20, x1.5 = 30.
Badajoz effective defense: 15.
30 > 15, I win. Remaining: 30-15 = 15. Keep 15/30 = 50%. So about 2-3 knights survive.

Good. Let me proceed.

Wait, one more thing. I should also consider whether the enemy might send reinforcements to Badajoz this turn. If the enemy sends troops from Salamanca [7] to Badajoz [4], they'd arrive on turn 19 (1 turn march). My attack also arrives on turn 19. What happens?

I think both would arrive at Badajoz. The enemy reinforcements would join the garrison, and then my attack would fight the reinforced garrison. Or maybe the enemy reinforcements fight my marching army on the road.

The rules say: "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there: head-on, or when one catches up with the other on the same stretch of road."

If the enemy sends from Salamanca to Badajoz, and I send from Toledo to Badajoz, we're on different roads (Salamanca → Badajoz vs Toledo → Badajoz). We'd both arrive at Badajoz. I think the enemy reinforcements would join the garrison first, then my attack would fight.

But I can't know the enemy's orders. Let me just assume no reinforcements and plan accordingly.

Actually, hmm, Salamanca [7] connects to [4] Badajoz. So the enemy could send from Salamanca to Badajoz. But I don't know if Salamanca still has troops (last seen 3 turns ago). Let me just proceed.

One more thought: should I also attack Salamanca? I can't reach it directly from my current villages. I'd need to go through Porto or Badajoz (which I don't own yet). So no.

OK, final plan:

**Builds:**
1. Zaragoza [17]: 4 archers
2. Vigo [10]: 1 knight, 1 archer
3. Toledo [8]: 2 knights
4. Barcelona [22]: 1 knight
5. Girona [23]: 1 archer
6. Castellon [18]: 1 knight, 1 archer
7. Huesca [20]: 1 knight, 1 archer
8. Burgos [14]: 1 archer
9. Pamplona [19]: 1 archer
10. Valencia [16]: 1 knight
11. Teruel [13]: 1 archer
12. Murcia [15]: 1 archer
13. Tarragona [21]: 1 archer

Wait, that's 13 build orders. Let me check if I can afford all of them.

Let me verify resources:
- Barcelona [22]: wood 40, iron 30. 1 knight = 30/30. ✓
- Tarragona [21]: wood 40, iron 20. 1 archer = 20/10. ✓
- Girona [23]: wood 40, iron 20. 1 archer = 20/10. ✓
- Castellon [18]: wood 60, iron 40. 1 knight + 1 archer = 50/40. ✓
- Zaragoza [17]: wood 120, iron 40. 4 archers = 80/40. ✓
- Huesca [20]: wood 90, iron 40. 1 knight + 1 archer = 50/40. ✓
- Valencia [16]: wood 30, iron 60. 1 knight = 30/30. ✓
- Teruel [13]: wood 50, iron 20. 1 archer = 20/10. ✓
- Murcia [15]: wood 30, iron 20. 1 archer = 20/10. ✓
- Pamplona [19]: wood 45, iron 20. 1 archer = 20/10. ✓
- Burgos [14]: wood 30, iron 90. 1 archer = 20/10. ✓
- Toledo [8]: wood 60, iron 60. 2 knights = 60/60. ✓
- Vigo [10]: wood 90, iron 40. 1 knight + 1 archer = 50/40. ✓

All affordable. 

But wait, do I need to build at all 13 villages? That's a lot of orders. Let me focus on the most important ones and skip the rest. The important ones are:

1. Zaragoza [17]: 4 archers - critical for Madrid
2. Vigo [10]: 1 knight + 1 archer - critical for Porto
3. Toledo [8]: 2 knights - replenish
4. Barcelona [22]: 1 knight - capital
5. Castellon [18]: 1 knight + 1 archer - general strength
6. Huesca [20]: 1 knight + 1 archer - general strength
7. Burgos [14]: 1 archer - general strength
8. Pamplona [19]: 1 archer - general strength

And skip: Tarragona, Girona, Valencia, Teruel, Murcia. They can build next turn.

Actually, building everywhere now means more troops faster. Let me include all of them. The more troops I have, the better.

Hmm, but actually, let me reconsider. Do I really need to build at Tarragona, Girona, Valencia, Teruel, Murcia? These are interior villages that aren't on the immediate front lines. Building there is fine for long-term strength, but the troops would need to be marched to the front lines, which takes time.

Let me include the key ones and a few extras:

1. Zaragoza [17]: 4 archers
2. Vigo [10]: 1 knight, 1 archer
3. Toledo [8]: 2 knights
4. Barcelona [22]: 1 knight
5. Castellon [18]: 1 knight, 1 archer
6. Huesca [20]: 1 knight, 1 archer
7. Burgos [14]: 1 archer
8. Pamplona [19]: 1 archer
9. Girona [23]: 1 archer
10. Valencia [16]: 1 knight
11. Teruel [13]: 1 archer
12. Murcia [15]: 1 archer
13. Tarragona [21]: 1 archer

OK let me just include all 13. It's fine.

Now, movements:

1. Toledo [8] → Badajoz [4]: 5 knights
2. Pamplona [19] → Zaragoza [17]: 4 archers
3. Huesca [20] → Zaragoza [17]: 4 spearman, 2 knight

Wait, should I also send from Girona or Barcelona to Zaragoza? Girona [23] connects to [20] Huesca, [22] Barcelona. Not directly to Zaragoza. So Girona → Huesca → Zaragoza would be 2 turns. Too slow.

Barcelona [22] → Tarragona [21] → Zaragoza [17]: 2 turns. Also slow.

So only Pamplona and Huesca can reach Zaragoza in 1 turn.

What about sending from Burgos to Zaragoza? Burgos [14] → Zaragoza [17]: not directly connected. Burgos connects to [10] Vigo, [12] Madrid, [19] Pamplona. So Burgos → Pamplona → Zaragoza = 2 turns. Too slow.

OK, so only Pamplona and Huesca can reinforce Zaragoza in 1 turn.

Let me also consider: should I send from Teruel [13] to Zaragoza? Teruel connects to [8] Toledo, [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon. Yes! Teruel → Zaragoza is 1 turn. Teruel has 1 knight. I could send it. But 1 knight doesn't add much.

Let me also send Teruel's knight to Zaragoza. Actually, Teruel has 1 knight. Sending it leaves Teruel empty. Teruel connects to Toledo [8], Valencia [16], Zaragoza [17], Castellon [18]. All mine except... well, all are mine. So Teruel is interior. Safe to empty.

Hmm, but 1 knight is negligible for the Madrid attack. Let me skip it to simplify.

OK, final movements:
1. Toledo [8] → Badajoz [4]: 5 knights
2. Pamplona [19] → Zaragoza [17]: 4 archers
3. Huesca [20] → Zaragoza [17]: 4 spearman, 2 knight

Let me now write the plan and statement.

**Plan:** "Taking Badajoz this turn with 5 knights from Toledo. Building 4 archers at Zaragoza and sending reinforcements from Pamplona (4 archers) and Huesca (4 spearman, 2 knight) to prepare for Madrid attack next turn. Building 1 knight + 1 archer at Vigo for Porto attack. Rebuilding losses at Toledo with 2 knights. Continue building across all villages for long-term strength. Next turn: attack Madrid from Zaragoza with archer-heavy force, attack Porto from Vigo."

**Statement:** "My forces attack Badajoz from Toledo while reinforcing Zaragoza for the push on Madrid. I'm building up Vigo to take Porto next turn. The enemy's Madrid garrison is the key to the northern front, and I'm assembling an archer army to counter their spearmen."

Let me now write the JSON.

Actually, wait. Let me reconsider the Badajoz attack one more time. Badajoz has 6 archers, defense 15. I'm sending 5 knights. Attack = 20, x1.5 = 30. Win, remaining = 15. Keep 50%.

But what if the enemy sends reinforcements to Badajoz? If Salamanca still has troops and sends them to Badajoz, the defense could be higher. I can't know. Let me just go with 5 knights.

Actually, let me send 6 knights instead, keeping 1 knight + 1 archer at Toledo. Attack = 24, x1.5 = 36 vs 15. Remaining = 21. Keep 21/36 ≈ 58%. More margin for error.

Hmm, but then Toledo has only 1 knight + 1 archer = 2 troops. After building 2 knights (turn 18), Toledo has 3 knights + 1 archer on turn 19. That's OK.

Let me send 6 knights. Actually, let me check: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 7 knight." So I can send up to 7 knights. Let me send 6, keep 1.

Actually, you know what, let me send all 7. Toledo is a big village with good resources (60 wood, 60 iron per turn). I can rebuild quickly. And having more troops at Badajoz after conquest means a stronger garrison.

Attack with 7 knights: 28, x1.5 = 42 vs 15. Remaining = 27. Keep 27/42 ≈ 64%. About 4-5 knights survive. Good garrison for Badajoz.

But Toledo would have only 1 archer. After building 2 knights (turn 18), Toledo has 2 knights + 1 archer on turn 19. That's weak but workable.

Hmm, let me compromise: send 5 knights, keep 2. After building 2 more, Toledo has 4 knights + 1 archer on turn 19. Good balance.

OK, 5 knights it is.

Let me finalize and write the JSON.

Actually, one more thought. I'm sending 4 spearman + 2 knight from Huesca to Zaragoza. But Huesca also has 0 archer. So after sending, Huesca has 0 troops. I'm building 1 knight + 1 archer at Huesca, so on turn 19 it has 1 knight + 1 archer. Fine.

And Pamplona: sending 4 archers, building 1 archer. On turn 19, Pamplona has 1 archer. Fine.

OK, let me write the JSON now.

Wait, I should double-check: can I send from Huesca to Zaragoza? Huesca [20] connects to [17] Zaragoza directly. Yes. March time: from the report, "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Huesca. So 1 turn for any troop type. Good.

And Pamplona [19] to Zaragoza [17]: they're directly connected. March time: 1 turn. Good.

Let me write the JSON.

Hmm, actually, I want to reconsider whether I should send Huesca's spearman and knight. They add bulk to Zaragoza but also increase the size of the army I'll send to Madrid, which increases losses (but improves survival rate as I calculated).

Let me keep the plan. Send 4 spearman + 2 knight from Huesca to Zaragoza.

Now, for the Madrid attack on turn 19, Zaragoza will have:
- 8 spearman (4 existing + 4 from Huesca)
- 9 archers (1 existing + 4 built + 4 from Pamplona)
- 7 knight (5 existing + 2 from Huesca)

I'll send 9 archers + 4 spearman + 2 knight = 15 troops. Attack = 18+4+8 = 30, x1.5 = 45 vs 20. Remaining = 25. Keep 25/45 ≈ 56%. Lose ~6-7 troops. Survivors: ~8-9.

Keep at Zaragoza: 4 spearman + 5 knight = 9 troops. Good for defense.

OK, this is a solid plan. Let me write it up.

Actually, hmm, I realize I should double-check one thing. When I send 4 spearman + 2 knight from Huesca to Zaragoza, and separately 4 archers from Pamplona to Zaragoza, they arrive on the same turn (turn 19). They don't fight each other (they're both mine, and "Your own armies never fight each other: they pass freely"). They both arrive at Zaragoza and join the garrison. Good.

Now let me write the JSON.

Let me also reconsider the builds. Do I really need to build at all 13 villages? It makes the JSON very long. Let me include the important ones and skip the less important ones.

Important builds:
1. Zaragoza [17]: 4 archers (critical)
2. Vigo [10]: 1 knight, 1 archer (critical)
3. Toledo [8]: 2 knights (important)
4. Barcelona [22]: 1 knight (important - capital)
5. Castellon [18]: 1 knight, 1 archer (important)
6. Huesca [20]: 1 knight, 1 archer (important - being emptied)
7. Burgos [14]: 1 archer (important - border)
8. Pamplona [19]: 1 archer (important - being emptied)

Less important:
9. Girona [23]: 1 archer
10. Valencia [16]: 1 knight
11. Teruel [13]: 1 archer
12. Murcia [15]: 1 archer
13. Tarragona [21]: 1 archer

Let me include all 13 for maximum growth. It's fine to have a long JSON.

Actually, let me include all of them. More troops = better.

Let me write the JSON now.

One more check on resource affordability for each:

1. Zaragoza [17]: wood 120, iron 40. 4 archers = 80 wood, 40 iron. ✓
2. Vigo [10]: wood 90, iron 40. 1 knight (30/30) + 1 archer (20/10) = 50/40. ✓
3. Toledo [8]: wood 60, iron 60. 2 knights = 60/60. ✓
4. Barcelona [22]: wood 40, iron 30. 1 knight = 30/30. ✓
5. Castellon [18]: wood 60, iron 40. 1 knight (30/30) + 1 archer (20/10) = 50/40. ✓
6. Huesca [20]: wood 90, iron 40. 1 knight (30/30) + 1 archer (20/10) = 50/40. ✓
7. Burgos [14]: wood 30, iron 90. 1 archer = 20/10. ✓
8. Pamplona [19]: wood 45, iron 20. 1 archer = 20/10. ✓
9. Girona [23]: wood 40, iron 20. 1 archer = 20/10. ✓
10. Valencia [16]: wood 30, iron 60. 1 knight = 30/30. ✓
11. Teruel [13]: wood 50, iron 20. 1 archer = 20/10. ✓
12. Murcia [15]: wood 30, iron 20. 1 archer = 20/10. ✓
13. Tarragona [21]: wood 40, iron 20. 1 archer = 20/10. ✓

All good. Let me write the JSON.

Wait, I should also double-check troop caps. Each village can have up to 300 troops. Current counts:
- Barcelona: 14/300 → +1 = 15. Fine.
- Tarragona: 1/300 → +1 = 2. Fine.
- Girona: 12/300 → +1 = 13. Fine.
- Castellon: 5/300 → +2 = 7. Fine.
- Zaragoza: 10/300 → +4 = 14. Fine.
- Huesca: 6/300 → +2 = 8. Fine.
- Valencia: 2/300 → +1 = 3. Fine.
- Teruel: 1/300 → +1 = 2. Fine.
- Murcia: 10/300 → +1 = 11. Fine.
- Pamplona: 4/300 → +1 = 5. Fine.
- Burgos: 5/300 → +1 = 6. Fine.
- Toledo: 8/300 → +2 = 10. Fine.
- Vigo: 1/300 → +2 = 3. Fine.

All well under 300. Good.

Now let me write the final JSON.

Actually, I want to reconsider one more time whether I should send 5 knights or more from Toledo to Badajoz. 

The risk is that the enemy might reinforce Badajoz. If they do, I need more force. Let me send 6 knights for extra safety. Toledo keeps 1 knight + 1 archer, plus 2 built = 3 knights + 1 archer on turn 19. That's OK.

Hmm, but 6 knights vs 5: the difference is 4 attack (24 vs 20 before counter), 36 vs 30 after counter. Both beat 15 easily. The extra knight just gives more survivors as garrison. Let me send 6.

Actually, let me just send 5. It's enough to win, and I want to keep Toledo defended.

OK, 5 knights. Final answer.

Let me also reconsider: should I send the 1 archer from Toledo to Badajoz too? If I send 5 knights + 1 archer: most numerous is knight (5), attack = 20+2 = 22, x1.5 = 33 vs 15. Remaining = 18. Keep 18/33 ≈ 55%. About 5-6 troops survive out of 6 sent.

If I send just 5 knights: remaining = 15, keep 50%, about 2-3 survive out of 5.

So adding the archer improves survival rate. But I lose the archer from Toledo's defense. Let me include it. Send 5 knights + 1 archer.

Hmm, but then Toledo has 2 knights left. After building 2 more, 4 knights. No archer. Hmm.

Actually, let me keep the archer at Toledo. Send 5 knights only. Toledo keeps 2 knights + 1 archer. After building 2 knights: 4 knights + 1 archer. Good.

OK, final decision: send 5 knights from Toledo to Badajoz.

Let me write the JSON now. For real this time.

Hmm, one more thought: should I also attack Porto this turn? Vigo has 1 knight. If I send it, attack = 4, x1.5 = 6 < 10. I lose. So no. I need to build first.

What about sending from Burgos to Porto? Burgos → Vigo → Porto: 2 turns. Too slow, and the troops would pass through Vigo (mine). Actually, "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there." If the path goes through Vigo (mine), it continues to Porto. But it takes 2 turns. By then, I might have already conquered Porto from Vigo.

Let me not overcomplicate. Just 3 movements this turn.

Final JSON:

```json
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "archer", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 10, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 10, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 8, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 14, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 19, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 13, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 15, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 8, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 5}},
    {"fromId": 19, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 4, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 20, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}}
  ],
  "plan": "Taking Badajoz this turn with 5 knights from Toledo (knight counters their archers, x1.5). Building 4 archers at Zaragoza and reinforcing with Pamplona's 4 archers and Huesca's 4 spearman + 2 knight for the Madrid push next turn. Madrid's spearman-heavy garrison requires archers as my most numerous type for the counter bonus. Building 1 knight + 1 archer at Vigo to take Porto next turn. Rebuilding Toledo losses with 2 knights. Building across all villages for long-term strength. Next turn: attack Madrid from Zaragoza with archer-heavy force (9 archers + 4 spearman + 2 knight), attack Porto from Vigo (2 knights + 1 archer).",
  "statement": "My knights storm Badajoz from Toledo while I mass archers at Zaragoza for the decisive blow against Madrid. I'm building up Vigo to take Porto next turn and rebuilding my forces across the realm. The enemy's spearman-heavy garrisons demand archer-led armies, and I'm preparing accordingly."
}
```

Wait, I should double-check the "plan" length. It says "2 to 4 lines (anything past 600 characters is cut off)". Let me count... my plan is quite long. Let me trim it.

Also, let me reconsider: should I include all those builds? It's a lot. Let me keep them - more troops is better.

Actually, let me reconsider the plan text to make it more concise.

"Taking Badajoz with 5 knights from Toledo (counter bonus x1.5). Building 4 archers at Zaragoza + reinforcing from Pamplona (4 archers) and Huesca (4 spearman, 2 knight) for Madrid push next turn. Madrid needs archers as most numerous for counter vs their spearmen. Building Vigo up (1 knight + 1 archer) for Porto. Rebuilding Toledo with 2 knights. Next turn: attack Madrid (9 archers + 4 spearman + 2 knight from Zaragoza) and Porto (2 knights + 1 archer from Vigo)."

That's about 4 lines and under 600 characters. Good.

Let me finalize.

Actually, I realize I should double-check one thing about the movement from Huesca. Huesca has "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight." So I can send 4 spearman and 2 knight. Yes.

And Pamplona: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 4 archer, 0 knight." Send 4 archers. Yes.

And Toledo: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 7 knight." Send 5 knights. Yes.

OK, I'm confident. Let me write the final JSON.

Hmm, actually one more consideration. The plan says I should "prepare pushes toward Madrid and Cordoba" from last turn. I'm pushing toward Madrid. Cordoba is still too strong. That's fine.

Let me also think about whether I should send any troops to Murcia for the Cordoba front. Murcia has 8 spearman, 2 knight. I could send more there. But Cordoba has defense 43, and I'd need a lot of troops. Let me build at Murcia (1 archer) and leave it for now.

OK, final JSON. Let me make sure the format is correct.

The format requires:
- "build": array of {villageId, type, quantity}
- "movements": array of {fromId, toId, troops: {spearman, archer, knight}}
- "plan": string
- "statement": string

Let me write it.

Actually, I want to reconsider whether sending Huesca's spearman and knight to Zaragoza is the best use. The spearman and knight add bulk but aren't the counter type. For the Madrid attack, I need archers. The spearman and knight just add raw attack (without counter bonus since they're not the most numerous).

But as I calculated, adding them improves the survival rate because the total attack is higher relative to the defender's force. So it's beneficial.

However, there's another consideration: after the Madrid attack, the surviving troops become Madrid's garrison. If I send 9 archers + 4 spearman + 2 knight and about 8-9 survive, Madrid would have a mixed garrison. That's fine.

But if I DON'T send the spearman and knight from Huesca, I could use them for something else. Like sending them to Toledo for the Badajoz front. But the Badajoz attack is already happening this turn, so they'd arrive too late.

Or I could keep them at Huesca for defense. But Huesca is interior, no threat.

So sending them to Zaragoza is fine.

OK, I'm going with the plan. Let me write the JSON.

Wait, actually, I want to reconsider one more time. Instead of sending Huesca's troops to Zaragoza, what if I send them to Vigo to help with the Porto attack? Vigo → Porto is 1 turn. Huesca → Vigo: Huesca connects to Zaragoza, Pamplona, Girona. Not directly to Vigo. So Huesca → Zaragoza → ... → Vigo would be many turns. Too slow.

What about sending Huesca's troops to Toledo? Huesca → Zaragoza → Toledo: 2 turns. Too slow for this turn's battle.

So Zaragoza is the best destination for Huesca's troops. They can then join the Madrid attack on turn 19 (1 turn from Zaragoza to Madrid).

OK, final answer. Let me write it.

Let me also double-check: after sending 4 spearman + 2 knight from Huesca, and building 1 knight + 1 archer, Huesca has 1 knight + 1 archer on turn 19. That's fine for an interior village.

And Pamplona: after sending 4 archers and building 1, Pamplona has 1 archer on turn 19. Fine.

Let me write the JSON now. I'll keep the builds list reasonable - maybe skip some of the less critical ones to keep it shorter.

Actually, let me include all of them. The more troops, the better. Here's the final JSON:

```json
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "archer", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 10, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 10, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 8, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 13, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 15, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 14, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 19, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 8, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 5}},
    {"fromId": 19, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 4, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 20, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}}
  ],
  "plan": "Attack Badajoz with 5 knights from Toledo (knight vs archer = x1.5 counter, 30 effective vs 15). Build 4 archers at Zaragoza + send Pamplona's 4 archers and Huesca's 4 spearman + 2 knight there for Madrid attack next turn. Madrid has 6 spearmen (most numerous) so I need archers as my most numerous for the counter bonus. Build Vigo with 1 knight + 1 archer for Porto. Rebuild Toledo with 2 knights. Next turn: send 9 archers + 4 spearman + 2 knight from Zaragoza to Madrid, and 2 knights + 1 archer from Vigo to Porto.",
  "statement": "My knights take Badajza while I mass archers at Zaragoza for the Madrid assault. The enemy's spearman-heavy garrisons require archer-led armies, and I'm building accordingly. Vigo is being prepared for the push on Porto next turn."
}
```

Hmm, I made a typo "Badajza" - should be "Badajoz". Let me fix that.

Also, let me reconsider the plan text length. It's about 450 characters. Under 600. Good.

Let me finalize.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"arqueiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":8,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":5}},{"origemId":19,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":4,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":20,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":2}}]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [17]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [17]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [17]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [17]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [10]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [10]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [8]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [8]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [23]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [18]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [18]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [20]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [20]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [16]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [13]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [15]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [14]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [19]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [21]
ACEITO envio [8]->[4]: 5K
ACEITO envio [19]->[17]: 4A
ACEITO envio [20]->[17]: 4S+2K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Attack Badajoz with 5 knights from Toledo (knight vs archer = x1.5 counter, 30 effective vs 15 defense, comfortable win). Build 4 archers at Zaragoza + send Pamplona's 4 archers and Huesca's 4 spearman + 2 knight there for the Madrid attack next turn. Madrid has 6 spearmen as most numerous, so I MUST have archers as my most numerous type to get the counter bonus. Build Vigo with 1 knight + 1 archer for Porto. Rebuild Toledo with 2 knights. Next turn: attack Madrid from Zaragoza with 9 archers + 4 spearman + 2 knight (archer most numerous, x1.5, ~45 effective vs 20), and Porto from Vigo with 2 
depoimento (so tela/narracao): My knights storm Badajoz from Toledo while I concentrate archers at Zaragoza for the decisive blow against Madrid. The enemy's spearman-heavy garrisons demand archer-led armies, and I'm massing accordingly. Vigo is being built up for the push on Porto next turn, and I'm rebuilding losses across the realm.
COMBATE [17] Zaragoza: atacante B Fatk=43 (ef 43) Fdef=18 (ef 34) vant=-1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~17
COMBATE [8] Toledo: atacante B Fatk=30 (ef 45) Fdef=4 (ef 5) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~2
COMBATE [10] Vigo: atacante B Fatk=8 (ef 8) Fdef=4 (ef 5) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~3
REFORCO [15] Murcia dono B: 8S
REFORCO [14] Burgos dono B: 2A
REFORCO [20] Huesca dono B: 1K
placar: A 11 ald/tropas 14 | B 13 ald/tropas 64 | neutras 0 | transito 12 (A 9 | B 3)

########## TURNO 18 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4595 | resposta 13161 | raciocinio 10182 | finish stop | ms 128581
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 7, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 8, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 9, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 10, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 11, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 12, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 8, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 8, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 11, \"toId\": 15, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 7, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 4, \"toId\": 8, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 4, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 9, \"toId\": 11, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 7, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 6, \"toId\": 10, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 1}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Attack Teruel from Toledo and Murcia from Cordoba this turn to expand our territory to 15 villages. Next turn, launch a coordinated assault on Burgos from the reinforced Madrid and Vigo, and push east from Murcia towards Valencia. Keep building knights in Madrid, Badajoz, and Porto to counter the enemy archers, and archers in the interior to feed the fronts. We need 3 more villages to reach the 18-village threshold.\",\n  \"statement\": \"This turn, I launched a decisive double strike, sending the full might of Toledo to conquer the weakly defended Teruel, and Cordoba's army to crush Murcia. Simultaneously, I reinforced our border villages—sending troops from Badajoz to Toledo, Sevilha to Cordoba, Salamanca to Madrid, and Porto to Vigo—to prepare for the next wave of expansions. The enemy capital may be far, but our net is tightening as we move closer to the 18-village victory!\"\n}"
raciocinio: Thinking Process:

1.  **Analyze the Request:**
    *   Role: King A.
    *   Goal: Hold at least 18 of 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.
    *   Current state: Hold 13 of 24. Enemy capital is Barcelona [22], but taking it is NOT required to win.
    *   Villages owned (13): Lisboa [0], Santarem [1], Evora [2], Coimbra [3], Badajoz [4], Faro [5], Porto [6], Salamanca [7], Toledo [8], Vigo [10], Sevilha [9], Cordoba [11], Madrid [12].
    *   Enemy villages visible: Teruel [13], Burgos [14], Zaragoza [17], Murcia [15].
    *   Known enemy (out of sight): Huesca [20], Valencia [16], Castellon [18], Pamplona [19], Tarragona [21], Barcelona [22], Girona [23]. (Total enemy villages: 11. Total map villages: 24. 13 + 11 = 24).
    *   Combat rules, Economy rules, Movement rules, Fog of war rules are detailed.
    *   Need to output a JSON object with `build`, `movements`, `plan`, `statement`.

2.  **Evaluate Current Military/Resource State:**
    *   Troops at home:
        *   [0] Lisboa (Capital): 3 archer (3/300)
        *   [1] Santarem: 4 archer (4/300)
        *   [2] Evora: 3 archer (3/300)
        *   [3] Coimbra: 2 archer (2/300)
        *   [4] Badajoz: 16 troops (10 archer, 6 knight) (16/300). Wood 30, Iron 50.
        *   [5] Faro: 7 troops (5 archer, 2 knight) (7/300). Wood 85, Iron 40.
        *   [6] Porto: 7 troops (4 archer, 3 knight) (7/300). Wood 70, Iron 40.
        *   [7] Salamanca: 3 archer (3/300). Wood 40, Iron 100.
        *   [8] Toledo: 12 troops (2 spearman, 8 archer, 2 knight) (12/300). Wood 30, Iron 20.
        *   [9] Sevilha: 6 troops (2 archer, 4 knight) (6/300). Wood 50, Iron 40.
        *   [10] Vigo: 2 troops (1 archer, 1 knight) (2/300). Wood 70, Iron 20.
        *   [11] Cordoba: 11 troops (2 spearman, 7 archer, 2 knight) (11/300). Wood 40, Iron 30.
        *   [12] Madrid: 11 troops (6 spearman, 5 archer, 0 knight) (11/300). Wood 70, Iron 50.
    *   Total troops: 87 soldiers (10 spearman, 57 archer, 20 knight).
    *   Enemy villages visible:
        *   [13] Teruel: 1 archer, 1 knight (def 5)
        *   [14] Burgos: 5 archers, 1 knight (def 15)
        *   [17] Zaragoza: 8 spearmen, 9 archers, 7 knights (def 60) - very strong!
        *   [15] Murcia: 8 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights (def 28)
    *   Neutral villages: None mentioned, but "neutral villages harden with time" implies some might have been conquered or started neutral. Currently all 24 are split between King A (13) and King B (11).
    *   Wait, the game says "hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village."
    *   To get to 18, I need to conquer 5 more enemy villages (since 13 + 5 = 18).
    *   Enemy villages: [13], [14], [15], [16], [17], [18], [19], [20], [21], [22], [23] (11 total).
    *   Let's check the enemies' weak spots:
        *   [13] Teruel: def 5 (1 archer, 1 knight). Easy target. March from [8] Toledo: 1 turn.
        *   [14] Burgos: def 15 (5 archers, 1 knight). March from [12] Madrid: 1 turn, or [10] Vigo: 1 turn (via road [10] -> [14]).
        *   [15] Murcia: def 28 (8 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights). March from [11] Cordoba: 1 turn.
        *   [17] Zaragoza: def 60. Very tough. March from [12] Madrid: 1 turn.
    *   Let's look at the roads:
        *   [10] Vigo connects to [14] Burgos. Vigo has 1 archer, 1 knight. To attack Burgos, I need more troops in Vigo.
        *   [12] Madrid connects to [14] Burgos and [17] Zaragoza. Madrid has 6 spearman, 5 archer.
        *   [8] Toledo connects to [13] Teruel. Toledo has 2 spearman, 8 archer, 2 knight.
        *   [11] Cordoba connects to [15] Murcia. Cordoba has 2 spearman, 7 archer, 2 knight.

3.  **Evaluate Enemy Defenses & Counters:**
    *   Counter triangle:
        *   Spearman counters knight (x1.5).
        *   Archer counters spearman (x1.5).
        *   Knight counters archer (x1.5).
        *   Most numerous type sets the counter matchup.
    *   Let's look at [13] Teruel: 1 archer, 1 knight. No clear majority (tie: archer vs knight? Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight -> archer counts as most numerous? Or just 1 archer, 1 knight -> tie. Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight, so archer is the most numerous type).
        *   If I attack with archers, they count as most numerous. Enemy has 1 archer, 1 knight. Enemy's most numerous is archer (tie broken in favor of archer). So enemy counters me if I send mostly knights, I counter them if I send mostly archers? Wait, "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
        *   My army: mostly archers -> my most numerous is archer.
        *   Enemy army: 1 archer, 1 knight. Tie between archer and knight. Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight -> archer is the most numerous.
        *   So both my army and enemy army have archer as the most numerous.
        *   Archer vs Archer: no counter bonus (or does archer counter archer? No, archer counters spearman).
    *   Let's look at [14] Burgos: 5 archers, 1 knight. Most numerous: archer.
        *   To counter archer, I need knights (knight counters archer).
        *   If I send mostly knights, my most numerous is knight. Enemy's is archer. Knight counters archer -> my force x1.5.
    *   Let's look at [15] Murcia: 8 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights. Most numerous: spearman.
        *   To counter spearman, I need archers (archer counters spearman).
        *   If I send mostly archers, my most numerous is archer. Enemy's is spearman. Archer counters spearman -> my force x1.5.
    *   Let's look at [17] Zaragoza: 8 spearmen, 9 archers, 7 knights. Most numerous: archer (9).
        *   To counter archer, I need knights.
    *   Let's look at the map and my troops.
    *   I need to conquer 5 villages to reach 18.
    *   Which ones are easiest?
        *   [13] Teruel (def 5). March from Toledo [8]. Toledo has 12 troops (2 spearman, 8 archer, 2 knight). If I send all 12: 2 spearman, 8 archer, 2 knight. Most numerous: archer (8). Enemy: 1 archer, 1 knight (archer). Archer vs Archer, no counter.
            *   Let's calculate attack: Toledo troops attack: spearman (attack 1), archer (attack 2), knight (attack 4).
            *   Total attack: 2*1 + 8*2 + 2*4 = 2 + 16 + 8 = 26.
            *   Enemy defense: effective defense is 5 (location bonus included).
            *   Wait! "effective defense (location bonus included): 5". So I just compare my attack power (26) vs their effective defense (5).
            *   Wait, is it "effective defense" or "defense"? "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again."
            *   So enemy defense is 5. My attack is 26. I will easily win.
            *   Wait, does my attack get multiplied by the counter? "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup... Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
            *   Wait, "your force" or "your attack"? "multiplies your force by 1.5". Usually "force" is the sum of attack/defense values, or just the troop count? "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins." Effective force is likely calculated as: sum of (attack or defense * count) * counter multiplier.
            *   Let's assume standard rules: Effective Attack = sum of attacks * counter multiplier. Effective Defense = sum of defenses * location bonus * counter multiplier (if defender has counter).
            *   But the prompt says: "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again."
            *   Does it include the counter bonus? Probably not, because the garrison might change, but the "effective defense" is static for the turn unless troops are added. But the prompt says "effective defense (location bonus included): 5". It doesn't mention counter bonus.
            *   Usually, effective defense = sum of defense values * location bonus. Counter bonus is calculated during combat if the defender has the counter against the attacker's most numerous type.
            *   Let's look at the enemy troops: [13] Teruel has 1 archer, 1 knight.
                *   My troops: 2 spearman, 8 archer, 2 knight. Most numerous: archer.
                *   Enemy troops: 1 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous: archer (tie break).
                *   Archer vs Archer: no counter.
                *   So my attack is 26. Enemy defense: archer defense 2, knight defense 2. Total defense = 1*2 + 1*2 = 4. Location bonus: village is x1.25? "defense counts x1.25 in a village". 4 * 1.25 = 5. Matches the "effective defense: 5".
                *   So combat is: My Attack = 26. Enemy Defense = 5.
                *   Since 26 > 5, I win easily. Losses will be small.
        *   [14] Burgos (def 15). 5 archers, 1 knight.
            *   Enemy most numerous: archer.
            *   To counter, I need knights. Knight counts as most numerous -> counters archer -> x1.5.
            *   Where can I get knights?
                *   Badajoz [4] has 6 knights. Porto [6] has 3 knights. Sevilha [9] has 4 knights. Vigo [10] has 1 knight.
                *   I can march from Madrid [12] (has 0 knights), or Vigo [10] (has 1 knight).
                *   Wait, I can send troops from multiple villages, but "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
                *   So I must send a single powerful stack from one village.
                *   Can I send from Badajoz [4] to Burgos [14]?
                    *   Road from [4] Badajoz to [14] Burgos: [4] -> [8] -> [12] -> [14]? Or [4] -> [1] -> [3] -> [6] -> [10] -> [14]?
                    *   Let's check the road network:
                        *   [4] Badajoz connects to [1], [5], [7], [8], [9].
                        *   [8] Toledo connects to [4], [11], [12], [13].
                        *   [12] Madrid connects to [7], [8], [14], [17].
                        *   So road from [4] to [14] is [4] -> [8] -> [12] -> [14].
                        *   Wait, [8] and [12] are MY villages. So I can march through them.
                        *   Travel time: [4] to [8] is 1 turn (1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast). [8] to [12] is 1 turn. [12] to [14] is 1 turn. Total 3 turns.
                        *   But I want to attack *this* turn. "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS... over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now."
                        *   If I order a march from [4] to [14], it will take 3 turns to arrive. During those 3 turns, the enemy will see me coming and might reinforce or attack me on the road. But there are no armies on the march currently.
                        *   Can I attack [14] from [12] Madrid or [10] Vigo? Both are 1 turn away!
                        *   [12] Madrid to [14] Burgos: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn (1 turn).
                        *   [10] Vigo to [14] Burgos: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn (1 turn).
                        *   But Madrid has 0 knights, 6 spearman, 5 archer. Most numerous: spearman (6) or archer (5)? Spearman (6). Spearman vs Archer (enemy): spearman does NOT counter archer. Archer counters spearman, so enemy counters me -> x1.5 for enemy.
                        *   Vigo has 1 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous: tie (archer). No counter.
                        *   Can I reinforce Vigo or Madrid first? "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements."
                        *   But reinforcement takes turns to arrive. If I send from Badajoz [4] to Vigo [10], how many turns?
                            *   Road: [4] -> [1] -> [3] -> [6] -> [10]? Or [4] -> [7] -> [6] -> [10]?
                            *   Let's check roads:
                                *   [4] connects to [1], [5], [7], [8], [9].
                                *   [6] Porto connects to [3], [7], [10].
                                *   So [4] -> [7] -> [6] -> [10]. That's 3 turns.
                                *   Or [4] -> [1] -> [3] -> [6] -> [10]. 4 turns.
                            *   If I send them now, they arrive in 3 turns. Meanwhile, I can't attack [14] this turn unless I use the troops already in Madrid or Vigo.
                            *   Wait, can I attack [13] Teruel from Toledo [8] this turn? Yes, 1 turn march.
                            *   Can I attack [15] Murcia from Cordoba [11] this turn? Yes, 1 turn march.
                                *   Cordoba [11] has 2 spearman, 7 archer, 2 knight. Most numerous: archer (7).
                                *   Enemy [15] Murcia: 8 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights. Most numerous: spearman.
                                *   Archer counters spearman -> my force x1.5!
                                *   My attack: 2 spearman (attack 1) + 7 archer (attack 2) + 2 knight (attack 4) = 2 + 14 + 8 = 24.
                                *   With counter x1.5: 24 * 1.5 = 36.
                                *   Enemy defense: 8 spearmen (def 2) + 1 archer (def 2) + 2 knights (def 2) = 8*2 + 2 + 4 = 22.
                                *   Location bonus: village x1.25. 22 * 1.25 = 27.5 -> 28 (matches "effective defense: 28").
                                *   My effective attack (36) vs enemy effective defense (28). I win!
                            *   Can I attack [14] Burgos from Madrid [12] this turn?
                                *   Madrid has 6 spearman, 5 archer. Most numerous: spearman.
                                *   Enemy has 5 archers, 1 knight. Most numerous: archer.
                                *   Spearman vs Archer: no counter (archer counters spearman, so enemy counters me -> enemy defense x1.5? Or my attack is not countered, but enemy gets counter bonus? "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So if enemy has the counter, their defense is multiplied by 1.5. If I have the counter, my attack is multiplied by 1.5).
                                *   Let's check who counters whom:
                                    *   My most numerous: spearman.
                                    *   Enemy most numerous: archer.
                                    *   Does spearman counter archer? No, knight counters archer, archer counters spearman, spearman counters knight.
                                    *   So enemy (archer) counters my spearman. Thus, enemy gets the counter bonus -> enemy defense x1.5.
                                    *   My attack: 6 spearman (1) + 5 archer (2) = 6 + 10 = 16.
                                    *   Enemy defense: 5 archers (2) + 1 knight (2) = 12. Village bonus x1.25 -> 15 (matches "effective defense: 15").
                                    *   With enemy counter bonus (since they counter my spearman with archer): 15 * 1.5 = 22.5.
                                    *   My attack 16 vs enemy defense 22.5 -> I lose!
                                *   So attacking Burgos from Madrid with current troops is a bad idea.
                            *   What about Vigo [10] to Burgos [14]?
                                *   Vigo has 1 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous: tie (archer).
                                *   Enemy has 5 archers, 1 knight. Most numerous: archer.
                                *   Archer vs Archer: no counter.
                                *   My attack: 1 archer (2) + 1 knight (4) = 6.
                                *   Enemy defense: 15. I lose.
                            *   So I cannot attack Burgos [14] successfully this turn with the troops currently there, unless I reinforce Vigo or Madrid first. But reinforcements take time.
                            *   Wait, can I send troops from Badajoz [4] to Vigo [10] AND attack Vigo? No, they arrive later.
                            *   Can I send troops from somewhere else to Madrid?
                                *   Salamanca [7] to Madrid [12]: 1 turn. Salamanca has 3 archer.
                                *   Toledo [8] to Madrid [12]: 1 turn. Toledo has 2 spearman, 8 archer, 2 knight.
                                *   If I send Toledo's troops to Madrid, they arrive next turn. Then I can attack Burgos the turn after.
                                *   But I want to make progress *this* turn.
                                *   Let's look at the campaign plan from last turn: "Conquer Vigo and Toledo this turn to open the northern and central fronts. Shift all troops to the border villages: reinforce Badajoz, Porto, Cordoba, and Madrid for the next wave of attacks. Next turn, attack Burgos from Vigo and Murcia from Cordoba. Build archers in all villages to maintain the flow of reinforcements."
                                *   Ah! Last turn I conquered Vigo and Toledo. This turn (Turn 18), I should reinforce the border villages and attack Burgos and Murcia.
                                *   But I can only attack if the troops are already there or if I order them to march and attack.
                                *   Wait, "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination."
                                *   If I order a march from Badajoz [4] to Burgos [14], the path is [4] -> [8] -> [12] -> [14]. Since [8] and [12] are mine, the army will NOT stop there (they are mine). It will march all the way to [14] and fight there!
                                *   How many turns does it take?
                                    *   "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" (from Badajoz).
                                    *   So [4] to [8] is 1 turn.
                                    *   [8] to [12] is 1 turn (implied by Madrid connecting to Toledo).
                                    *   [12] to [14] is 1 turn.
                                    *   Total march time: 3 turns.
                                    *   If I send them now, they arrive on Turn 21.
                                *   What about sending from Porto [6] to Vigo [10] to Burgos [14]?
                                    *   [6] Porto to [10] Vigo: 1 turn.
                                    *   [10] Vigo to [14] Burgos: 1 turn.
                                    *   Total 2 turns.
                                *   What about sending from Madrid [12] to Burgos [14]? 1 turn. But Madrid doesn't have enough troops to win.
                                *   Can I send troops from Toledo [8] to Madrid [12] (1 turn), and then from Madrid to Burgos? That would take 2 turns total to attack, but I can't do it in 1 turn.
                                *   Wait, can I attack [13] Teruel from Toledo [8] this turn? Yes, 1 turn march.
                                *   Can I attack [15] Murcia from Cordoba [11] this turn? Yes, 1 turn march.
                                *   Let's check if I should attack Teruel and Murcia this turn.
                                *   Teruel [13] has def 5. Very easy win.
                                *   Murcia [15] has def 28. My attack from Cordoba is 24, with counter 36. I win.
                                *   Are there other easy targets?
                                *   What about [16] Valencia? Last seen 4 turns ago: enemy, 2 knights. March from Toledo [8]: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns (2 turns).
                                *   What about [18] Castellon? Last seen 4 turns ago: enemy, 5 knights. March from Toledo [8]: 2 turns.
                                *   What about [19] Pamplona? Last seen 2 turns ago: enemy, 4 archers. March from Madrid [12]: 2 turns.
                                *   What about [20] Huesca? Last seen 2 turns ago: enemy, 1 knight. March from Madrid [12]: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns (2 turns).
                                *   What about [21] Tarragona? Last seen 2 turns ago: enemy, 7 spearmen, 2 archers, 8 knights. March from Madrid [12]: 2 turns.
                                *   So the only 1-turn attacks available are:
                                    *   [13] Teruel from [8] Toledo.
                                    *   [14] Burgos from [12] Madrid or [10] Vigo (but we lose).
                                    *   [15] Murcia from [11] Cordoba.
                                    *   [17] Zaragoza from [12] Madrid (def 60, too strong).
                                *   So I should attack [13] Teruel and [15] Murcia this turn.
                                *   Let's double check the march times:
                                    *   "march from [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to [13] Teruel. Yes, 1 turn.
                                    *   "march from [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to [15] Murcia. Yes, 1 turn.

4.  **Determine troop deployments for attacks:**
    *   **Attack on [13] Teruel from [8] Toledo:**
        *   Toledo has: 2 spearman, 8 archer, 2 knight.
        *   Should I send all of them?
        *   If I send all, I leave Toledo with 0 troops. But Toledo is a border village, its defense is 30. If the enemy attacks it, they might take it if it's empty. But the enemy doesn't have any armies on the march, and they don't know my orders. Still, leaving a border village empty is risky.
        *   But Toledo has a defense of 30, which is quite high. The enemy would need a large army to take it.
        *   Let's look at the enemy's nearest villages to Toledo: [13] Teruel (enemy), [16] Valencia (enemy).
        *   If I leave Toledo empty, they could attack it. But they have no armies on the march, and it takes them at least 1 turn to march from Teruel to Toledo.
        *   To be safe, maybe I should keep some troops in Toledo, or build more?
        *   Toledo has wood 30, iron 20.
            *   Can build archer (costs 20 wood + 10 iron). I can build 1 archer.
            *   Or spearman (costs 15 wood + 0 iron). I can build 2 spearman.
            *   Let's check build limits: "Cap per village: when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building". Currently 12/300, so plenty of room.
            *   Let's build 2 spearman in Toledo? Wood 30, iron 20. 2 spearman costs 30 wood, 0 iron. Yes, I can build 2 spearman.
            *   If I build 2 spearman, Toledo will have 4 spearman, 8 archer, 2 knight next turn.
            *   But for this turn's attack, I can send: 2 spearman, 8 archer, 2 knight (all of them). Or maybe keep 2 spearman? But I can only send what is currently there. "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 2 spearman, 8 archer, 2 knight".
            *   If I send all, Toledo is empty. Let's send all to maximize the attack on Teruel. Teruel is very weak (def 5), so I don't need a huge army, but sending all ensures I win with minimal losses and can maybe counter-attack next turn.
            *   Actually, if I send all 12, attack power is 26. Enemy defense is 5. I will win easily, probably with 0 or 1 loss.
            *   Let's send all 12 from Toledo to Teruel.
    *   **Attack on [15] Murcia from [11] Cordoba:**
        *   Cordoba has: 2 spearman, 7 archer, 2 knight.
        *   Should I send all of them?
        *   Cordoba is a border village with [15] Murcia. Its defense is 28.
        *   If I send all, Cordoba is empty. But Murcia is the only neighbor of Cordoba on that side. If I conquer Murcia, the border shifts.
        *   Let's send all 11 troops from Cordoba to Murcia.
        *   Attack power: 2 spearman (1) + 7 archer (2) + 2 knight (4) = 2 + 14 + 8 = 24.
        *   Counter: My most numerous is archer (7). Enemy most numerous is spearman (8). Archer counters spearman -> my force x1.5.
        *   Effective attack: 24 * 1.5 = 36.
        *   Enemy defense: 28. I win.
        *   Let's send all 11.

5.  **Reinforcements and Builds:**
    *   I need to build troops to keep my army growing.
    *   Let's look at my villages and their resources:
        *   [0] Lisboa (Capital): wood 30, iron 60. Troops: 3 archer.
            *   Can build: knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 1 knight (leaves 0 wood, 30 iron).
            *   Or archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 1 archer (leaves 10 wood, 50 iron).
            *   Let's build 1 knight in Lisboa. (Capital should have some knights).
        *   [1] Santarem: wood 60, iron 50. Troops: 4 archer.
            *   Can build: knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 1 knight.
            *   Or archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
            *   Let's build 2 archers.
        *   [2] Evora: wood 30, iron 50. Troops: 3 archer.
            *   Can build: knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 1 knight.
            *   Or archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 1 archer.
            *   Let's build 1 knight.
        *   [3] Coimbra: wood 70, iron 50. Troops: 2 archer.
            *   Can build: knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 1 knight (leaves 40 wood, 20 iron).
            *   Or archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 2 archers.
            *   Let's build 2 archers.
        *   [4] Badajoz: wood 30, iron 50. Troops: 10 archer, 6 knight.
            *   Can build: knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 1 knight (leaves 0 wood, 20 iron).
            *   Or archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 1 archer (leaves 10 wood, 40 iron).
            *   Let's build 1 knight.
        *   [5] Faro: wood 85, iron 40. Troops: 5 archer, 2 knight.
            *   Can build: knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 1 knight (leaves 55 wood, 10 iron).
            *   Or archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
            *   Let's build 2 archers.
        *   [6] Porto: wood 70, iron 40. Troops: 4 archer, 3 knight.
            *   Can build: knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 1 knight (leaves 40 wood, 10 iron).
            *   Or archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 2 archers.
            *   Let's build 1 knight.
        *   [7] Salamanca: wood 40, iron 100. Troops: 3 archer.
            *   Can build: knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 1 knight (leaves 10 wood, 70 iron).
            *   Or archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 1 archer (leaves 20 wood, 90 iron).
            *   Let's build 1 knight.
        *   [8] Toledo: wood 30, iron 20. Troops: 2 spearman, 8 archer, 2 knight.
            *   Can build: archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 1 archer (leaves 10 wood, 10 iron).
            *   Or spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) -> 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron).
            *   Let's build 2 spearman to have some infantry.
        *   [9] Sevilha: wood 50, iron 40. Troops: 2 archer, 4 knight.
            *   Can build: knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 1 knight (leaves 20 wood, 10 iron).
            *   Or archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 1 archer (leaves 30 wood, 30 iron).
            *   Let's build 1 knight.
        *   [10] Vigo: wood 70, iron 20. Troops: 1 archer, 1 knight.
            *   Can build: archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 1 archer (leaves 50 wood, 10 iron).
            *   Or knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> cannot afford (iron 20 < 30).
            *   Let's build 1 archer.
        *   [11] Cordoba: wood 40, iron 30. Troops: 2 spearman, 7 archer, 2 knight.
            *   Can build: archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 1 archer (leaves 20 wood, 20 iron).
            *   Or knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 1 knight (leaves 10 wood, 0 iron).
            *   Let's build 1 knight.
        *   [12] Madrid: wood 70, iron 50. Troops: 6 spearman, 5 archer.
            *   Can build: archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
            *   Or knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 1 knight (leaves 40 wood, 20 iron).
            *   Let's build 1 knight (Madrid needs knights to counter Burgos archers).

    *   Let's review the builds to make sure they are affordable and useful:
        *   [0] Lisboa: 1 knight (cost 30w, 30i). Wood 30, iron 60. OK.
        *   [1] Santarem: 2 archer (cost 40w, 20i). Wood 60, iron 50. OK.
        *   [2] Evora: 1 knight (cost 30w, 30i). Wood 30, iron 50. OK.
        *   [3] Coimbra: 2 archer (cost 40w, 20i). Wood 70, iron 50. OK.
        *   [4] Badajoz: 1 knight (cost 30w, 30i). Wood 30, iron 50. OK.
        *   [5] Faro: 2 archer (cost 40w, 20i). Wood 85, iron 40. OK.
        *   [6] Porto: 1 knight (cost 30w, 30i). Wood 70, iron 40. OK.
        *   [7] Salamanca: 1 knight (cost 30w, 30i). Wood 40, iron 100. OK.
        *   [8] Toledo: 2 spearman (cost 30w, 0i). Wood 30, iron 20. OK.
        *   [9] Sevilha: 1 knight (cost 30w, 30i). Wood 50, iron 40. OK.
        *   [10] Vigo: 1 archer (cost 20w, 10i). Wood 70, iron 20. OK.
        *   [11] Cordoba: 1 knight (cost 30w, 30i). Wood 40, iron 30. OK.
        *   [12] Madrid: 1 knight (cost 30w, 30i). Wood 70, iron 50. OK.

    *   This is a very solid build order, focusing on getting knights to counter the enemy archers, and archers to counter spearmen.
    *   Wait, is there any village that should build spearmen? Toledo building 2 spearmen is fine.
    *   Let's check if I should send any reinforcements to border villages to prepare for next turn's attacks.
    *   The plan says: "Shift all troops to the border villages: reinforce Badajoz, Porto, Cordoba, and Madrid for the next wave of attacks."
    *   But I am attacking Teruel from Toledo, and Murcia from Cordoba this turn.
    *   After I send the attacks, Toledo and Cordoba will be empty.
    *   To reinforce them for the next turn (or to defend them if the enemy counter-attacks), I should send troops from the interior villages to Toledo and Cordoba.
    *   Let's look at the interior villages:
        *   Lisboa [0], Santarem [1], Evora [2], Coimbra [3], Badajoz [4], Faro [5], Porto [6], Salamanca [7], Sevilha [9].
        *   Can I send troops from Badajoz [4] to Toledo [8]?
            *   Road: [4] -> [8]. 1 turn.
            *   Badajoz has 10 archer, 6 knight. I can send some to Toledo.
            *   If I send 4 archer, 2 knight to Toledo, they arrive next turn, garrisoning Toledo.
        *   Can I send troops from Sevilha [9] to Cordoba [11]?
            *   Road: [9] -> [11]. 1 turn.
            *   Sevilha has 2 archer, 4 knight. I can send 2 archer, 2 knight to Cordoba.
        *   Can I send troops from Salamanca [7] to Madrid [12]?
            *   Road: [7] -> [12]. 1 turn.
            *   Salamanca has 3 archer. I can send them to Madrid to reinforce it for the attack on Burgos next turn.
        *   Can I send troops from Porto [6] to Vigo [10]?
            *   Road: [6] -> [10]. 1 turn.
            *   Porto has 4 archer, 3 knight. I can send 2 archer, 1 knight to Vigo to prepare for the attack on Burgos from the north.
    *   Let's plan the movements carefully.
    *   **Movements list:**
        *   Attack: [8] Toledo -> [13] Teruel. Troops: 2 spearman, 8 archer, 2 knight.
        *   Attack: [11] Cordoba -> [15] Murcia. Troops: 2 spearman, 7 archer, 2 knight.
        *   Reinforce: [4] Badajoz -> [8] Toledo. Troops: 4 archer, 2 knight. (To replace the ones sent to Teruel).
        *   Reinforce: [9] Sevilha -> [11] Cordoba. Troops: 2 archer, 2 knight. (To replace the ones sent to Murcia).
        *   Reinforce: [7] Salamanca -> [12] Madrid. Troops: 3 archer. (To build up Madrid for Burgos).
        *   Reinforce: [6] Porto -> [10] Vigo. Troops: 2 archer, 1 knight. (To build up Vigo for Burgos).
    *   Let's check if these movements are valid:
        *   Toledo [8] currently has 2 spearman, 8 archer, 2 knight. Sending all of them to Teruel [13] is valid.
        *   Cordoba [11] currently has 2 spearman, 7 archer, 2 knight. Sending all of them to Murcia [15] is valid.
        *   Badajoz [4] has 10 archer, 6 knight. Sending 4 archer, 2 knight to Toledo [8] is valid.
        *   Sevilha [9] has 2 archer, 4 knight. Sending 2 archer, 2 knight to Cordoba [11] is valid.
        *   Salamanca [7] has 3 archer. Sending 3 archer to Madrid [12] is valid.
        *   Porto [6] has 4 archer, 3 knight. Sending 2 archer, 1 knight to Vigo [10] is valid.
    *   Wait, does marching take them away from their home villages? Yes, they will be in transit.
    *   Is it better to keep some troops in Badajoz to defend it? Badajoz has defense 40, very strong. Sending 4 archer, 2 knight leaves 6 archer, 4 knight, which is still a decent defense.
    *   Is it better to keep some troops in Sevilha? Sevilha has defense 15. Sending 2 archer, 2 knight leaves 0 archer, 2 knight. That might weaken it, but Sevilha is interior (no enemy border). The nearest enemy is Murcia [15], which is far and only accessible via Cordoba [11]. So Sevilha is safe.
    *   Is it better to keep some troops in Salamanca? Salamanca is interior, safe.
    *   Is it better to keep some troops in Porto? Porto is interior, safe.
    *   This movement plan is very logical and follows the campaign strategy.

6.  **Let's calculate the combat outcomes to be sure:**
    *   **Teruel [13] vs Toledo [8]:**
        *   My troops: 2 spearman, 8 archer, 2 knight.
        *   Enemy: 1 archer, 1 knight.
        *   My most numerous: archer (8). Enemy most numerous: archer (1) vs knight (1) -> tie breaks to archer.
        *   Archer vs Archer: no counter.
        *   My attack: 2*1 + 8*2 + 2*4 = 26.
        *   Enemy defense: 1*2 + 1*2 = 4. Location bonus x1.25 -> 5.
        *   26 vs 5. Massive win. I expect to conquer Teruel with minimal losses (maybe 0 or 1 archer).
    *   **Murcia [15] vs Cordoba [11]:**
        *   My troops: 2 spearman, 7 archer, 2 knight.
        *   Enemy: 8 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights.
        *   My most numerous: archer (7). Enemy most numerous: spearman (8).
        *   Archer counters spearman -> my force x1.5.
        *   My attack: 2*1 + 7*2 + 2*4 = 24. With counter: 36.
        *   Enemy defense: 8*2 + 1*2 + 2*2 = 22. Location bonus x1.25 -> 27.5 -> 28.
        *   36 vs 28. I win. Losses will be some, but I should conquer Murcia.
    *   This will give me 2 new villages: Teruel and Murcia.
    *   Total villages held: 13 + 2 = 15.
    *   Still need 3 more to reach 18.
    *   Next turn, I will have troops in Toledo, Cordoba, Madrid, Vigo.
    *   From Madrid and Vigo, I can attack Burgos [14].
    *   From Cordoba, I can attack the next village (maybe Valencia [16] if I go through Murcia? Road from Murcia [15] connects to [16] Valencia).
    *   Let's check the road network for Murcia [15]:
        *   [15] Murcia connects to [11] Cordoba and [16] Valencia.
        *   So once I conquer Murcia, I can attack Valencia [16] from there!
    *   This is a perfect chain of conquest.

7.  **Drafting the "plan" text:**
    *   Must be 2 to 6 lines, in English, describing the campaign over the next several turns.
    *   "Conquer Teruel and Murcia this turn to expand our borders. Next turn, use the newly reinforced Madrid and Vigo to attack Burgos, and push from Murcia into Valencia. Continue building archers and knights in all interior villages to maintain the flow of reinforcements. Our goal is to secure the central and northern routes, isolating the enemy capital and reaching the 18-village threshold."
    *   Let's refine it to be concise and useful.
    *   "Attack Teruel from Toledo and Murcia from Cordoba this turn to expand our territory to 15 villages. Next turn, launch a coordinated assault on Burgos from the reinforced Madrid and Vigo, and push east from Murcia towards Valencia. Keep building knights in Madrid, Badajoz, and Porto to counter the enemy archers, and archers in the interior to feed the fronts. We need 3 more villages to reach the 18-victory threshold."

8.  **Drafting the "statement" text:**
    *   2 to 4 lines telling the audience what I did THIS turn. It may have emotion.
    *   "This turn, I launched a decisive double strike, sending the full might of Toledo to conquer the weakly defended Teruel, and Cordoba's army to crush Murcia. Simultaneously, I reinforced our border villages—sending troops from Badajoz to Toledo, Sevilha to Cordoba, Salamanca to Madrid, and Porto to Vigo—to prepare for the next wave of expansions. The enemy capital may be far, but our net is tightening as we move closer to the 18-village victory!"

9.  **Reviewing constraints and JSON format:**
    *   JSON keys: `build`, `movements`, `plan`, `statement`.
    *   `build`: list of objects with `villageId`, `type`, `quantity`.
    *   `movements`: list of objects with `fromId`, `toId`, `troops` (object with `spearman`, `archer`, `knight`).
    *   Let's write down the exact JSON values.

    *   **Builds:**
        *   [0] Lisboa: 1 knight -> `{"villageId": 0, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}`
        *   [1] Santarem: 2 archer -> `{"villageId": 1, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2}`
        *   [2] Evora: 1 knight -> `{"villageId": 2, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}`
        *   [3] Coimbra: 2 archer -> `{"villageId": 3, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2}`
        *   [4] Badajoz: 1 knight -> `{"villageId": 4, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}`
        *   [5] Faro: 2 archer -> `{"villageId": 5, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2}`
        *   [6] Porto: 1 knight -> `{"villageId": 6, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}`
        *   [7] Salamanca: 1 knight -> `{"villageId": 7, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}`
        *   [8] Toledo: 2 spearman -> `{"villageId": 8, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}`
        *   [9] Sevilha: 1 knight -> `{"villageId": 9, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}`
        *   [10] Vigo: 1 archer -> `{"villageId": 10, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}`
        *   [11] Cordoba: 1 knight -> `{"villageId": 11, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}`
        *   [12] Madrid: 1 knight -> `{"villageId": 12, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}`

    *   **Movements:**
        *   Attack Teruel: `{"fromId": 8, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 8, "knight": 2}}`
        *   Attack Murcia: `{"fromId": 11, "toId": 15, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 7, "knight": 2}}`
        *   Reinforce Toledo: `{"fromId": 4, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 4, "knight": 2}}`
        *   Reinforce Cordoba: `{"fromId": 9, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 2}}`
        *   Reinforce Madrid: `{"fromId": 7, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 3, "knight": 0}}`
        *   Reinforce Vigo: `{"fromId": 6, "toId": 10, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 1}}`

    *   Let's double check troop counts in source villages:
        *   Toledo [8]: 2 spearman, 8 archer, 2 knight. Sending all to [13]. OK.
        *   Cordoba [11]: 2 spearman, 7 archer, 2 knight. Sending all to [15]. OK.
        *   Badajoz [4]: 10 archer, 6 knight. Sending 4 archer, 2 knight to [8]. OK.
        *   Sevilha [9]: 2 archer, 4 knight. Sending 2 archer, 2 knight to [11]. OK.
        *   Salamanca [7]: 3 archer. Sending 3 archer to [12]. OK.
        *   Porto [6]: 4 archer, 3 knight. Sending 2 archer, 1 knight to [10]. OK.

    *   Are there any other movements? No, this is a very comprehensive set of orders.

10. **Final check of the plan and statement text:**
    *   Plan: "Attack Teruel from Toledo and Murcia from Cordoba this turn to expand our territory to 15 villages. Next turn, launch a coordinated assault on Burgos from the reinforced Madrid and Vigo, and push east from Murcia towards Valencia. Keep building knights in Madrid, Badajoz, and Porto to counter the enemy archers, and archers in the interior to feed the fronts. We need 3 more villages to reach the 18-village threshold." (Matches the required length and style).
    *   Statement: "This turn, I launched a decisive double strike, sending the full might of Toledo to conquer the weakly defended Teruel, and Cordoba's army to crush Murcia. Simultaneously, I reinforced our border villages—sending troops from Badajoz to Toledo, Sevilha to Cordoba, Salamanca to Madrid, and Porto to Vigo—to prepare for the next wave of expansions. The enemy capital may be far, but our net is tightening as we move closer to the 18-village victory!" (Matches the required length and style).

11. **Format the JSON output:**
    *   Ensure no text before or after the JSON.
    *   Validate JSON syntax.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"cavaleiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":8,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":8,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":11,"destinoId":15,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":7,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":4,"destinoId":8,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":4,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":9,"destinoId":11,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":7,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":6,"destinoId":10,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":1}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [2]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [3]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [3]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [4]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [6]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [8]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [8]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [9]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [10]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [11]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [12]
ACEITO envio [8]->[13]: 2S+8A+2K
ACEITO envio [11]->[15]: 2S+7A+2K
ACEITO envio [4]->[8]: 4A+2K
ACEITO envio [9]->[11]: 2A+2K
ACEITO envio [7]->[12]: 3A
ACEITO envio [6]->[10]: 2A+1K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Attack Teruel from Toledo and Murcia from Cordoba this turn to expand our territory to 15 villages. Next turn, launch a coordinated assault on Burgos from the reinforced Madrid and Vigo, and push east from Murcia towards Valencia. Keep building knights in Madrid, Badajoz, and Porto to counter the enemy archers, and archers in the interior to feed the fronts. We need 3 more villages to reach the 18-village threshold.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): This turn, I launched a decisive double strike, sending the full might of Toledo to conquer the weakly defended Teruel, and Cordoba's army to crush Murcia. Simultaneously, I reinforced our border villages—sending troops from Badajoz to Toledo, Sevilha to Cordoba, Salamanca to Madrid, and Porto to Vigo—to prepare for the next wave of expansions. The enemy capital may be far, but our net is tightening as we move closer to the 18-village victory!
########## TURNO 18 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4280 | resposta 35160 | raciocinio 30304 | finish stop | ms 370222
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 15, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 14, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 17, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"archer\": 8, \"knight\": 3}},\n    {\"fromId\": 22, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 4}},\n    {\"fromId\": 22, \"toId\": 21, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 1, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 21, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 20, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 23, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 3}},\n    {\"fromId\": 23, \"toId\": 20, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 1, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 16, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 18, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 19, \"toId\": 14, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 0}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Attacked Madrid from Zaragoza with 8 archers, 4 spear, 3 knight (counter bonus). Reinforced Zaragoza with knights/archers from interior. Reinforced Teruel (Valencia, Castellon) and Burgos (Pamplona). Next turn: assess Madrid, build troops, prepare Toledo attack from Teruel (knights), reinforce Murcia with knights for Cordoba, consider Vigo from Burgos.\",\n  \"statement\": \"I attacked Madrid with a strong archer-led army from Zaragoza. I reinforced my border villages of Zaragoza, Teruel, and Burgos to secure my positions. Ready to expand next turn.\"\n}"
raciocinio: We are King B. We hold 11 of 24 villages. We need to hold 18 for 2 consecutive turns or eliminate all enemy villages. Enemy capital is Lisboa (0), not required to win. Enemy is King A. Our villages are listed. We have no armies on march. Enemy armies are not sighted. The last turn happened: King A attacked Vigo and Toledo, conquered both. A reinforcement arrived at Cordoba and Madrid. We attacked Badajoz and lost. Our reinforcements arrived at Zaragoza.

We need to issue orders for this turn (Turn 18? Actually the report says "TURN 18 - You are King B." So we are about to give orders for turn 18? The "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" is from turn 17? Actually it says "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" and lists events. So we are now on turn 18, and we need to give orders for turn 18. The report gives current state at the start of turn 18.

We need to decide on builds and movements.

First, assess the situation. Our villages: Barcelona (22), Tarragona (21), Girona (23), Castellon (18), Zaragoza (17), Huesca (20), Valencia (16), Teruel (13), Murcia (15), Pamplona (19), Burgos (14). That's 11.

Enemy villages we can see: Madrid (12), Toledo (8), Cordoba (11), Vigo (10). Known from before: Salamanca (7), Badajoz (4), Porto (6). Unexplored: Coimbra (3), Sevilha (9), Faro (5), Santarem (1), Lisboa (0), Evora (2). So enemy has many villages.

We need to conquer more villages. We need to hold 18 for 2 consecutive turns. Currently 11. We need to conquer 7 more, and hold them for 2 turns. Or eliminate all enemy villages.

Our military: we have troops at home in each village. We can build new troops. Each village produces resources per turn: wood 30, iron 20. But resources are per village, and a village pays for its own builds from its own stock. So we need to check each village's wood and iron to see what they can build.

List our villages with resources and available builds:

[22] Barcelona: wood 40, iron 20. Can build: spearman costs 15 wood, 0 iron -> can build 2 (40/15=2.66, so 2). Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron -> can build 1 (20 wood, 10 iron). Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron -> cannot (wood 40, iron 20, not enough iron). Available to send: 6 spearman, 1 archer, 8 knight. So we have some troops already built. We can build more. But note: "Cap per village: when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building". Currently Barcelona has 15 troops at home. So we can build more.

[21] Tarragona: wood 50, iron 30. Can build: spearman 15/0 -> up to 3 (50/15=3.33). Archer 20/10 -> up to 2 (50/20=2.5, iron 30/10=3, so 2). Knight 30/30 -> 1 (50/30=1.66, iron 30/30=1, so 1). Available to send: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. So we have 2 troops at home. We can build more.

[23] Girona: wood 50, iron 30. Same as Tarragona. Available: 4 spearman, 2 archer, 7 knight. Troops at home: 13. Can build.

[18] Castellon: wood 40, iron 20. Can build: spearman 2 (40/15=2.66), archer 1 (20/10), knight 0. Available: 4 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. Troops at home: 7.

[17] Zaragoza: wood 70, iron 20. Can build: spearman 4 (70/15=4.66), archer 2 (70/20=3.5, but iron 20/10=2, so 2), knight 0 (iron 20 < 30). Available: 8 spearman, 9 archer, 7 knight. Troops at home: 24. Note: we had reinforcements arrive: 4 archers, 4 spearmen, 2 knights. So we have many troops.

[20] Huesca: wood 70, iron 20. Same as Zaragoza? Actually Huesca: wood 70, iron 20. Can build: spearman 4, archer 2, knight 0. Available: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Troops at home: 2.

[16] Valencia: wood 30, iron 50. Can build: spearman 2 (30/15=2), archer 1 (30/20=1.5, iron 50/10=5, so 1), knight 1 (30/30=1, iron 50/30=1.66, so 1). Available: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. Troops at home: 3.

[13] Teruel: wood 60, iron 30. Can build: spearman 4 (60/15=4), archer 3 (60/20=3, iron 30/10=3, so 3), knight 1 (60/30=2, iron 30/30=1, so 1). Available: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Troops at home: 2.

[15] Murcia: wood 40, iron 30. Can build: spearman 2 (40/15=2.66), archer 2 (40/20=2, iron 30/10=3, so 2), knight 1 (40/30=1.33, iron 30/30=1, so 1). Available: 8 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. Troops at home: 11.

[19] Pamplona: wood 55, iron 30. Can build: spearman 3 (55/15=3.66), archer 2 (55/20=2.75, iron 30/10=3, so 2), knight 1 (55/30=1.83, iron 30/30=1, so 1). Available: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight. Troops at home: 1.

[14] Burgos: wood 40, iron 100. Can build: spearman 2 (40/15=2.66), archer 2 (40/20=2, iron 100/10=10, so 2), knight 1 (40/30=1.33, iron 100/30=3.33, so 1). Available: 0 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight. Troops at home: 6.

We need to plan attacks. The enemy has several villages. We can see Madrid (12), Toledo (8), Cordoba (11), Vigo (10). Also known: Salamanca (7), Badajoz (4), Porto (6). Unexplored: many.

We need to conquer villages. Our goal: 18 total. We have 11. We need 7 more. We can try to conquer from King A. But note: the enemy capital is Lisboa, but we don't need it. We can conquer other villages.

Let's look at the road network and distances.

Our border villages: Zaragoza (17) borders Madrid (12). Teruel (13) borders Toledo (8). Murcia (15) borders Cordoba (11). Burgos (14) borders Vigo (10) and Madrid (12)? Actually Burgos is connected to [10] Vigo and [12] Madrid. So Burgos borders two enemy villages.

We also have interior villages that can send troops to border villages.

We need to decide where to attack. The enemy has been attacking and conquering our villages? Actually last turn they conquered Vigo and Toledo. Wait: Vigo was enemy? The report says: "King A attacked [10] Vigo: VICTORY, conquered". But Vigo is listed as ENEMY (King A) in the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" section. So Vigo was already enemy? Actually it says "you attacked here 1x in the last 8 turns (1 conquered)" for Vigo. So maybe Vigo was neutral or something? But now it's enemy. And they conquered it? That seems odd: if it was already enemy, why conquer? Maybe it was previously ours? Let's check: In the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" it says "[10] Vigo | ENEMY (King A) | garrison: 1 archer, 1 knight". And "you attacked here 1x in the last 8 turns (1 conquered)". So perhaps we had conquered it earlier, but then lost it? Or it was enemy and we attacked it? The "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" says King A attacked Vigo and conquered. So maybe Vigo was previously neutral or ours? Actually, looking at the initial state? We don't have initial state. But from the report, Vigo is now enemy, and King A conquered it last turn. That implies it might have been neutral or something. But it's listed as ENEMY now. So King A took it from someone? Possibly it was neutral and they took it. Or it was ours and they took it? But it's not in our villages list. So it's enemy.

Similarly, Toledo: King A attacked and conquered. Toledo is enemy now. It says "you attacked here 1x in the last 8 turns (1 conquered)". So we had attacked it before.

So the map is dynamic.

We need to expand. Our available troops: we have many in Zaragoza (8 spear, 9 archer, 7 knight) and other villages. We can launch attacks from multiple borders.

We need to consider combat rules. When attacking, we send troops from a village to an enemy village. The travel time: from Zaragoza to Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. That means if we send troops from Zaragoza to Madrid, they will arrive in 1 turn if all knights? Actually "march from [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means the travel time depends on the speed of the troops. If we send a mixed army, it moves at the slowest speed. So if we send all knights (fast), it takes 1 turn. If we send archers (medium), 1 turn? Actually it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" meaning for slow troops it takes 1 turn? Wait: "march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns" is an example. So here it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" meaning all speeds take 1 turn. So from Zaragoza to Madrid is 1 turn for any troop type. Similarly, from Teruel to Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. From Murcia to Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. From Burgos to Vigo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So all these border attacks are 1 turn away. That means if we send troops now, they will arrive at the start of turn 19? Actually, orders are simultaneous. We give orders for turn 18. The enemy gives orders for turn 18. Then the movements happen. So if we send troops from Zaragoza to Madrid, they will march for 1 turn, and arrive at the end of turn 18? Or at the start of turn 19? The rules: "Marching takes turns, and during those turns the enemy keeps building and moving. The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival." So if we send troops that take 1 turn to arrive, they will arrive at the start of the next turn? Actually, the turn sequence: we order, enemy orders, then movements and battles occur. So if we order a march from Zaragoza to Madrid, the troops will leave Zaragoza and travel for 1 turn. They will arrive at Madrid at the end of the turn? The report says "The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival." So if we attack a village, the defense we see now might be different when we arrive because the enemy can reinforce or build. But since travel is 1 turn, the enemy has one turn to reinforce or build. Also, the enemy might send troops to attack us or elsewhere.

We need to decide which village to attack. We have multiple options. We can attack Madrid, Toledo, Cordoba, Vigo. Also we can attack from other villages? For example, from Burgos we can attack Madrid or Vigo. From Teruel we can attack Toledo. From Murcia we can attack Cordoba. From Zaragoza we can attack Madrid. Also we can attack from interior villages to border villages to reinforce.

We need to consider the enemy's strength. Madrid: garrison: 6 spearmen, 5 archers. Effective defense: 28 (location bonus included). That's the defense value we need to beat. Our attack power: we send troops from a village. The attack power is the sum of attacks of our troops, but with counter triangle. The most numerous type sets the counter matchup. So we need to design our army composition to counter the enemy's most numerous type.

Madrid: garrison has 6 spearmen, 5 archers. Most numerous is spearman (6). Spearman is countered by archer (archer counters spearman). So if we send an army where archers are the most numerous, we get a 1.5x multiplier on our attack. If we send knights as most numerous, knight does not counter spearman (knight counters archer). Spearman counters knight. So we want archers most numerous.

What is the effective attack? We need to calculate our attack power. Each troop type has attack value: spearman 1, archer 2, knight 4. When attacking, we count our troops' attack. The defender counts defense. But the defender gets location bonus: in a village, defense counts x1.25. The effective defense given already includes the bonus. So Madrid's effective defense is 28. That means the raw defense of the garrison multiplied by 1.25 is 28? Or maybe it's the final defense value we need to beat. The report says: "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again." So we just compare our effective attack to that number.

Our effective attack: we sum the attack of our troops, then if we have the counter bonus, we multiply by 1.5. But wait: the counter triangle: "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." Does it multiply the total attack or just the attack of the countering type? The rule: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It says "your force" so likely the total effective attack. Also: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So we need to determine the most numerous type in our attacking army. If it is archer, and the enemy's most numerous is spearman, then we get the counter bonus (archer counters spearman). If the enemy's most numerous is something else, we might not get the bonus. Actually, the counter is based on the matchup between the most numerous types of both sides? The rule says: "spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer." So it's a triangle. If our most numerous is archer and enemy's most numerous is spearman, then archer counters spearman, so we get the bonus. If our most numerous is knight and enemy's is archer, knight counters archer, we get bonus. If our most numerous is spearman and enemy's is knight, spearman counts knight, we get bonus. If the matchup is not favorable (e.g., our most numerous is archer and enemy's is knight), then archer does not counter knight (knight counters archer), so we might not get the bonus? The rule says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't say what happens if we don't have the counter. Probably no bonus. Also, if the most numerous types are the same? Then no counter? The rule doesn't specify, but likely no bonus. Also ties in count break in order spearman, archer, knight. So if equal numbers, the type that appears earlier in that order is considered most numerous? That's for our army. For the enemy, we need to know their most numerous. But the counter is based on the interaction between the two most numerous types? The rule: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup" So both sides have a most numerous type. The matchup is determined by those two types. If our type counters theirs, we get x1.5. If theirs counters ours, do we get penalized? The rule doesn't mention a penalty, only a bonus for us. So probably if we don't have the counter, we just don't get the bonus. But what if the enemy has the counter against us? Does that give them a bonus? The rule says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It's from the attacker's perspective? Actually it says "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle... Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So it's only for the attacker? Or does the defender also get a counter bonus if they have the counter? The rule doesn't specify. It says "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins." So effective force is calculated for both sides? Probably the attacker's effective force is (sum of attacks) * (1.5 if counter). The defender's effective force is (sum of defenses) * (location bonus). The defender doesn't get a counter bonus because the counter is an offensive bonus? Or maybe the defender also gets a counter bonus if their most numerous type counters the attacker's most numerous? The rule says: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't specify attacker only. But typically in such games, the counter applies to the attacking force. However, the rule says "your force" which could mean the force of the side that has the counter. Since it's in the combat rules section, it might apply to both. But then it says "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins." So both sides calculate effective force. If the defender's most numerous type counters the attacker's most numerous, does the defender get x1.5 on their defense? The rule doesn't explicitly say. But it says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So if the defender has the counter, their defense force would be multiplied. But then it says "Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle". So defense already gets a location bonus. Would they also get a counter bonus? That would stack. The rule says "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again." So the effective defense given is after location bonus. It does not include counter bonus. So if the defender gets a counter bonus, we would need to apply it. But the rule doesn't clearly state that the defender gets counter bonus. Let's read carefully: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5. The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight). Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital). In the open field (on a road) there is no bonus."

This suggests that the counter triangle applies to both sides? "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." If both sides can have the counter, then we need to check if the defender's most numerous type counters the attacker's most numerous. If so, the defender's effective defense would be multiplied by 1.5. But then the effective defense in the report already includes location bonus, but not counter bonus. So we would need to multiply the given effective defense by 1.5 if the defender has the counter. But the rule says "Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again." That refers to location bonus. It doesn't say we shouldn't apply counter bonus. So we might need to apply counter bonus to the defender if applicable.

However, in many similar games, the counter bonus only applies to the attacker. Let's see the example in the note from last turn: "Attack Badajoz with 5 Knights from Toledo (knight vs archer = x1.5 counter, 30 effective vs 15 defense, comfortable win)." That was an attack. The note says "knight vs archer = x1.5 counter". Badajoz had garrison: 6 archers (last seen). So enemy most numerous was archer. Attacker sent knights, so knight counters archer, so attacker got x1.5. The note says "30 effective vs 15 defense". 5 knights have attack 4 each = 20. With x1.5 = 30 effective. Defense was 15 (effective defense?). So they compared 30 vs 15. That implies the defender did not get a counter bonus. Because if defender got counter bonus, their defense would be multiplied. But here the defender's most numerous was archer, attacker's most numerous was knight. Knight counters archer, so attacker has counter. Does archer counter knight? No, archer counters spearman. So defender does not have counter. So that example doesn't clarify if defender gets counter when they have it.

Let's consider a scenario where attacker sends spearmen, defender has knights. Spearman counters knight, so attacker gets x1.5. Defender's most numerous is knight, which is countered by spearman. Does defender get a bonus? The rule says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." The defender does not "have the counter" because their knight is countered by spearman. The counter is defined as: spearman counters knight, etc. So if attacker has spearman and defender has knight, attacker has the counter (spearman counters knight). Defender does not have the counter because knight does not counter spearman (knight counters archer). So the counter is one-way. So only the side whose most numerous type counters the opponent's most numerous type gets the bonus. That makes sense. So if attacker's most numerous counters defender's most numerous, attacker gets x1.5. If defender's most numerous counters attacker's most numerous, defender gets x1.5? The rule says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't specify attacker or defender. So if defender's type counters attacker's type, then defender "has the counter" and would get x1.5 on their defense. But then the effective defense in the report already includes location bonus, so we would need to multiply by 1.5 if defender has counter. But the note from last turn didn't mention that. In that attack, defender had archer, attacker had knight. Knight counters archer, so attacker has counter. Defender's archer does not counter knight (archer counters spearman). So defender does not have counter. So no bonus for defender. So we don't know.

Let's look for another clue. The rule: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER." So effective force is compared. If both sides can get counter bonus, then we need to calculate both. But the rule says "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs." So attacker's force is based on attack, defender's on defense. Then counter bonus multiplies "your force". So it's likely that each side's force is multiplied if they have the counter. So if attacker has counter, attacker's force *1.5. If defender has counter, defender's force *1.5. But then the effective defense in the report is just defense * location bonus. We would need to apply counter bonus to defender if applicable.

But wait: the report gives "effective defense (location bonus included)". It doesn't mention counter. So if the defender has a counter bonus, that would be additional. But the defender's garrison is static; they don't choose their composition. The counter is based on the most numerous type of each army. For the defender, the army is the garrison. For the attacker, the army is the sending troops. So when we attack, we know the garrison's composition. We can determine if the garrison's most numerous type counters our most numerous type. If so, the defender gets x1.5 on defense? That would make attacks harder if the defender has a counter. But the rule says "Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village..." So they already get a bonus. Stacking another 1.5 would make defense very strong. But maybe that's intended.

Let's check the example from the note: "Attack Badajoz with 5 Knights from Toledo (knight vs archer = x1.5 counter, 30 effective vs 15 defense, comfortable win)." Badajoz garrison was 6 archers. Effective defense was 15? The report for Badajoz last seen: garrison 6 archers, effective defense? It says "last seen on turn 17: ENEMY (King A), garrison was 6 archers". It doesn't give effective defense for Badajoz in the current report because it's out of sight. But in the note, they say "15 defense". So maybe the effective defense of Badajoz was 15. 6 archers have defense 2 each = 12. In a village, x1.25 = 15. So that matches. So the effective defense given is 15. They didn't apply any counter bonus for the defender. In that case, defender's most numerous was archer, attacker's was knight. Knight counters archer, so attacker has counter. Defender's archer does not counter knight. So defender does not have counter. So no bonus. So we still don't know about defender counter.

Consider if attacker sends archers, defender has spearman. Archer counters spearman, so attacker gets x1.5. Defender's spearman does not counter archer (spearman counters knight). So defender no bonus. If attacker sends spearman, defender has knight. Spearman counters knight, attacker gets x1.5. Defender's knight does not counter spearman (knight counters archer). So defender no bonus. If attacker sends knight, defender has archer: attacker gets x1.5, defender no bonus. If attacker sends archer, defender has knight: archer does not counter knight (knight counters archer). So attacker does not have counter. But defender's knight counters archer, so defender has counter? Then defender would get x1.5 on defense. That would be a case where defender gets bonus. So if we attack with archers against a knight-heavy garrison, the defender might get a counter bonus. That would be important to know.

The rule says: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So we need to determine the most numerous type for both sides. Then we check if one counters the other. If attacker's type counters defender's type, attacker gets x1.5. If defender's type counters attacker's type, defender gets x1.5. If neither (same type, or no counter relationship? Actually the triangle is closed: every type counters one and is countered by one. So for any pair of different types, one will counter the other. For same type, no counter. So if both most numerous are same, no bonus. If different, one side has counter. So in every battle where the most numerous types are different, one side gets a 1.5 multiplier. That side could be the attacker or the defender.

So we need to be careful: if we attack with a type that is countered by the defender's most numerous, the defender gets x1.5 on their defense. That could make the attack fail.

Therefore, when planning an attack, we want our most numerous type to counter the defender's most numerous type. If we can't achieve that, we might want to avoid attacking, or we need overwhelming force.

Let's analyze the possible attacks:

1. Attack Madrid (12) from Zaragoza (17) or Burgos (14). Madrid garrison: 6 spearmen, 5 archers. Most numerous: spearman (6). To counter, we need archers as our most numerous. So we should send an army with more archers than spearmen or knights. For example, if we send 9 archers and some others, archers are most numerous. Then we get x1.5 attack bonus.

2. Attack Toledo (8) from Teruel (13). Toledo garrison: 2 spearmen, 8 archers, 2 knights. Most numerous: archer (8). To counter, we need knights as most numerous (knight counters archer). So we should send an army with more knights than spearmen or archers.

3. Attack Cordoba (11) from Murcia (15). Cordoba garrison: 2 spearmen, 7 archers, 2 knights. Most numerous: archer (7). So we need knights as most numerous.

4. Attack Vigo (10) from Burgos (14). Vigo garrison: 1 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous? 1 archer, 1 knight. Tie. According to tiebreaker: "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight." So for ties, the order is spearman, archer, knight. So between archer and knight, archer comes first. So most numerous is archer? Or does the tiebreaker apply only when determining the most numerous type for our army? The rule: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So for each army, if there's a tie, the type earlier in the order is considered most numerous. So for Vigo, 1 archer and 1 knight: archer is earlier, so most numerous is archer. To counter, we need knights as our most numerous (knight counters archer). So we should send knights.

But Vigo is a small garrison. We might also consider attacking other villages that are out of sight. We can see Salamanca (7), Badajoz (4), Porto (6). Salamanca: last seen 9 spearmen, 7 archers, 3 knights. Most numerous: spearman (9). To counter, need archers. Badajoz: last seen 6 archers. Most numerous: archer. Need knights. Porto: last seen 2 archers, 2 knights. Tie: archer and knight, archer earlier so most numerous archer. Need knights.

We also have unexplored villages. We could send troops to explore, but they might fight. Actually, we can send troops to a neutral village? There are no neutral villages listed; all are either ours, enemy, or unexplored. Unexplored might be neutral or enemy. The rule: "Neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type." So unexplored could be neutral. We could attack them, but we don't know their garrison.

Our goal is to get to 18 villages. We have 11. We need 7 more. The enemy has many villages. We can try to conquer Madrid, Toledo, Cordoba, Vigo, etc. But we need to hold them for 2 consecutive turns. So if we conquer a village, we need to defend it from enemy counterattacks. The enemy might try to take it back.

We also need to consider resources. We need to build troops to replace losses and to attack. Our villages have resources. We should build troops each turn to grow our army.

Let's think about the overall strategy. We have a large number of troops in Zaragoza (8 spear, 9 archer, 7 knight). That's a good attacking force. We can send them to attack Madrid. But we need to consider that if we send all from Zaragoza, Zaragoza will be left with few troops. Its defense is 60 (effective), which is high because it's a border village? Actually effective defense of Zaragoza is 60. That's quite high. But if we leave it empty, the enemy could attack it? The enemy might attack from Madrid. But Madrid is enemy, and they might send troops to attack Zaragoza. We need to keep a garrison to defend. However, the enemy might not attack if they are busy elsewhere.

We can also send reinforcements from other villages to Zaragoza to increase its garrison, then send a larger army from Zaragoza. But travel times: from Barcelona to Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So if we send troops from Barcelona to Zaragoza, they take 2 turns if slow, 1 turn if fast. So they would arrive next turn or the turn after. If we send them now, they might arrive too late for an attack this turn? Actually, we are ordering for turn 18. If we send troops from Barcelona to Zaragoza, they will march. If we also order an attack from Zaragoza to Madrid, those troops leave Zaragoza at the same time? The orders are simultaneous. So if we send troops from Barcelona to Zaragoza, and from Zaragoza to Madrid, the troops from Barcelona will arrive at Zaragoza after some turns, while the troops from Zaragoza leave immediately. So we can't use reinforcements from other villages in the same turn we attack unless they are already there. So we need to plan ahead.

Given that travel times to enemy villages are 1 turn, we can attack this turn and the troops will arrive at the start of turn 19? Actually, let's clarify turn timing. The report says "TURN 18 - You are King B." and "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" lists events from turn 17. So we are about to give orders for turn 18. The enemy gives orders for turn 18 simultaneously. Then movements and battles occur. If we order a march from Zaragoza to Madrid (1 turn), the troops will leave Zaragoza and travel for 1 turn. They will arrive at Madrid at the end of turn 18? Or at the start of turn 19? The rules: "Marching takes turns, and during those turns the enemy keeps building and moving." So if a march takes 1 turn, it means the troops are on the road for the entire turn? And they arrive at the destination at the end of the turn, ready for battle? Actually, the battle would occur when they arrive. But since orders are simultaneous, if we order an attack on Madrid, and the enemy orders a defense or something, the battle happens at the end of the turn? The typical flow: both sides issue orders. Then all movements happen. Armies that reach their destination fight. So if we send troops from Zaragoza to Madrid, they will arrive at Madrid and fight the garrison there. The garrison might be reinforced by enemy movements. The enemy could send troops to Madrid from other villages. Those troops would also arrive at Madrid and join the defense? The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if the enemy sends reinforcements to Madrid, they arrive and fight separately? Actually, it says "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." That applies to our troops? Or in general? It says "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up" so if we send from two different villages to the same target, they fight separately. For the enemy, if they send from different villages to defend, they also fight separately? Probably yes. But if the garrison is already there, it fights as one group. Reinforcements that arrive might fight as a separate group? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So if we send troops to Madrid, they stop at Madrid and fight the garrison. If the enemy sends troops to Madrid, they would also stop at Madrid? But Madrid is enemy, so they would join the garrison? Actually, if the enemy sends troops to Madrid, Madrid is their own village, so they would not stop and fight; they would enter the village and reinforce the garrison. The rule about stopping at the first village that is not yours applies when you are marching through enemy or neutral territory. If you are marching to your own village, you enter it. So enemy reinforcements to Madrid would just add to the garrison before the battle? Or do they arrive and then fight? The timing: all movements are simultaneous. So if we send an attack on Madrid, and the enemy sends reinforcements to Madrid, both movements happen. The reinforcements might arrive at the same time as our attack? The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This suggests that if multiple sends arrive at the same place, they fight sequentially. But if the defender is the garrison plus arriving reinforcements, do they combine? The rule says "never add up", so they fight as separate groups. That would mean the garrison fights first, then the reinforcements fight? Or the attacker fights the garrison, then the reinforcements? It's ambiguous. But typically, the garrison is the defender. Reinforcements that arrive during the battle might join the defense? The rule "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up" might mean that if you send troops from two different villages to attack the same target, they don't combine into one army; they fight separately. For defense, the garrison is one group. If the enemy sends reinforcements, they might arrive and be separate groups. But the rule doesn't specify the order. We'll have to see.

Given the complexity, we should focus on what we can control. We can choose which village to attack and with what troops. We should also build troops to reinforce our villages.

Let's list our available troops per village and decide on builds and movements.

We need to write a plan. The plan should be a note to ourselves. We need to output JSON with build, movements, plan, statement.

Let's decide on a strategy for this turn.

We have 11 villages. We need to conquer more. The enemy has Madrid, Toledo, Cordoba, Vigo, Salamanca, Badajoz, Porto, and unexplored ones. The enemy capital is Lisboa, but we don't need it. We can try to conquer Madrid, Toledo, Cordoba, and Vigo. But we need to hold them for 2 turns. So if we conquer one this turn, we need to defend it next turn. The enemy might try to take it back.

We should also consider that the enemy might attack our villages. Our border villages: Zaragoza (borders Madrid), Teruel (borders Toledo), Murcia (borders Cordoba), Burgos (borders Vigo and Madrid). So these could be attacked. We need to leave enough troops to defend them, or we need to reinforce them.

Let's check the effective defense of our border villages: Zaragoza: 60, Teruel: 5, Murcia: 28, Burgos: 15. Zaragoza is very strong. Teruel is weak (5). Murcia is moderate. Burgos is weak (15). So Teruel and Burgos are vulnerable. If we send all troops away, they might fall.

We should reinforce our border villages first, then attack. But we can also attack from interior villages directly to enemy villages? No, we must march along roads. From interior villages, we have to go through our border villages to reach enemy. For example, from Barcelona to Madrid: Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> Madrid? Actually, road network: Barcelona [22] connects to Tarragona [21] and Girona [23]. Tarragona connects to Zaragoza [17]. Zaragoza connects to Madrid [12]. So to attack Madrid from Barcelona, we'd have to send troops to Zaragoza first, then from Zaragoza to Madrid. But we can order direct movement from Barcelona to Madrid? The rule: "Armies march along the ROAD NETWORK that connects the villages, never in a straight line." So if we order from Barcelona to Madrid, the troops will march along the roads: Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> Madrid. But they will stop at the first village that is not ours? Tarragona and Zaragoza are ours, so they pass through. They would continue to Madrid. But the travel time would be the sum of the segments. The report gives march distances from each village to others. For example, from Zaragoza to Madrid: 1 slow/medium/fast turn. From Barcelona to Madrid: it would be longer. The report doesn't give that directly, but we can infer from the road network. However, we can only send troops from a village to another village. The movement will follow the roads. The travel time is determined by the path. The report gives "march from [x] to [y]" for some pairs. For our villages, it gives "from here to your nearest border village". So we can calculate travel times.

But for attacking, it's simpler to send troops from the border village directly, since it's only 1 turn. If we send from interior, it takes longer, and the troops might be intercepted on the road? Enemy armies that meet on a road fight. If we send from Barcelona to Madrid, they might meet enemy armies on the road. But since the roads go through our villages, they are safe until they leave Zaragoza? Actually, the road from Zaragoza to Madrid might have enemy armies? The enemy could be marching on that road. But we have no sight of enemy armies.

Given the travel times, it's more efficient to send troops from the border village. So we should move troops from interior to border villages this turn, so they are ready to attack next turn or later. Or we can attack this turn from the border village with the troops already there.

Let's consider attacking Madrid from Zaragoza. Zaragoza has 8 spearman, 9 archer, 7 knight. We can send a mix. To counter Madrid's spearman, we need archers most numerous. So we could send all 9 archers, plus some others. For example, send 9 archers, 4 spearman, 2 knight? That would be 9 archers, 4 spear, 2 knight. Most numerous is archer (9). That gives counter bonus. Effective attack: archers: 9 * 2 = 18. Spear: 4 * 1 = 4. Knight: 2 * 4 = 8. Total = 30. With x1.5 = 45 effective attack. Madrid effective defense: 28. So 45 vs 28, we win. But we need to consider losses. The winner takes losses against the loser's effective force. Our effective attack is 45, their effective defense is 28. We win, but we lose some troops. The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So we will lose some troops. The number of losses? It doesn't specify how to calculate losses. Probably a proportion. But we can assume we'll lose some. Since we have a large army, we can afford some losses.

But if we send all 9 archers, we leave Zaragoza with 8 spearman, 7 knight. That might be enough to defend? Zaragoza defense is 60. But if the enemy attacks Zaragoza, they would fight the garrison. The garrison would be 8 spear, 7 knight. Most numerous? 8 spear vs 7 knight, spear most numerous. If enemy attacks, their most numerous type matters. We don't know what they'll send. But Zaragoza's effective defense is 60, which is high. That 60 is based on the current garrison? The effective defense given is 60, which includes location bonus. That defense is calculated from the troops at home? Actually, effective defense is based on the defending troops' defense values multiplied by location bonus. Zaragoza has 24 troops at home: 8 spear, 9 archer, 7 knight? Wait, the report says "troops at home: 24 / 300" and "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 8 spearman, 9 archer, 7 knight". So the total troops at home is 8+9+7=24. So the effective defense of 60 is based on those 24 troops. If we send some away, the defense will decrease. So we need to decide how many to send.

We could send a smaller attack force to minimize losses, but we need to win comfortably. We could send just enough to beat the defense. With 9 archers, we get 45 effective. That's more than enough. We could send fewer. For example, send 6 archers, 3 spear, 1 knight? That would be 6 archers (most numerous), attack: 6*2=12, 3*1=3, 1*4=4, total 19, x1.5 = 28.5, just barely above 28. That might work but risky if the enemy reinforces. So we should send a solid force.

But we also need to consider that the enemy might send reinforcements to Madrid this turn. If they do, our attack might face additional troops. The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if we send an attack from Zaragoza, and the enemy sends reinforcements from somewhere to Madrid, those reinforcements will fight us separately? Or they join the garrison? Actually, if the enemy sends troops to Madrid, they are marching to their own village. They will arrive and then what? The battle occurs when an army arrives at a village that is not theirs? If we attack Madrid, we are the attacker. The enemy reinforcements are arriving at Madrid, which is their own village. Do they fight? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". For the enemy reinforcements, Madrid is theirs, so they don't stop and fight; they just enter the village. But if our attack arrives at the same time, who fights? The rules say: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This might apply to attacking forces. For defending forces, the garrison is already there. If reinforcements arrive, they might be considered separate sends. But the rule doesn't clearly state the order. However, it's likely that the garrison fights first, then any arriving reinforcements fight later? Or they combine? The rule "never add up" suggests they don't combine. So if we attack Madrid, we fight the garrison first. If we win, we take the village. Then any arriving enemy reinforcements might still be on the road? Or they arrive after the battle? The timing is simultaneous. So if we both arrive at the same turn, the battle might involve the garrison plus the reinforcements as separate groups? This is ambiguous.

To be safe, we should assume that the enemy can reinforce their villages. So we should attack with enough force to overcome any reasonable reinforcement. Since we don't know their movements, we can't be sure. But we can try to attack where they are unlikely to reinforce, or we can attack multiple villages to spread their forces.

Another idea: we can attack a village from multiple directions? But the rule says troops from different villages never add up, so we can't combine forces from different villages in one attack. We would have to send them separately, and they'd fight one at a time. That could be useful if we want to wear down the garrison: first send a weak army to attrition, then send a stronger one. But the enemy might do the same.

Given the complexity, let's focus on a simple plan: build troops where we can, and launch a major attack on one village, while reinforcing our other border villages to defend.

Let's check our resources and build orders. We should build troops every turn to increase our army. Each village can build up to its capacity. We need to decide which villages to build what.

We have many villages with wood and iron. We should build the troops that we need for our attacks. For attacking Madrid, we need archers. For attacking Toledo and Cordoba, we need knights. For attacking Vigo, we need knights. So we should build archers in villages that will attack Madrid, and knights in villages that will attack Toledo/Cordoba/Vigo.

But we also need to defend our villages. Spearman are cheap and good for defense? Defense values: spearman defense 2, archer 2, knight 2. So all have same defense. But spearman are cheapest (15 wood). So building spearman is good for garrison.

Let's assign roles:
- Zaragoza: main attack on Madrid. Build archers here. It already has 9 archers. It can build 2 more archers (wood 70, iron 20: can build 2 archers because 2*20=40 wood, 2*10=20 iron). So we can build 2 archers at Zaragoza. Also, it can build spearman: 4 spearman (60 wood). But we might want to keep some spearman for defense. Let's build 2 archers and maybe 4 spearman? But we need to consider the cap: 300 troops per village. Zaragoza has 24, so plenty of room.
- Teruel: attacks Toledo. Toledo needs knights. Teruel has wood 60, iron 30. It can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). It can also build archers or spearman. But we want knights for the attack. So build 1 knight at Teruel. Also, Teruel's defense is low (5). We should build spearman to defend it. It can build 4 spearman (60 wood). So build 4 spearman and 1 knight.
- Murcia: attacks Cordoba. Cordoba needs knights. Murcia has wood 40, iron 30. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Also can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Build 1 knight and maybe 2 spearman for defense.
- Burgos: attacks Vigo and Madrid. Burgos has wood 40, iron 100. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or more? Actually, wood 40 allows 1 knight (30 wood), iron 100 allows 3 knights, but wood is limiting. So can build 1 knight. Can also build archers: 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Or spearman: 2 spearman (30 wood). Build 1 knight and maybe 2 spearman for defense.
- Other villages: we can build troops to send to border villages. For example, Barcelona, Girona, Tarragona, Castellon, Huesca, Valencia, Pamplona. They can build troops and send them to Zaragoza, Teruel, etc.

We need to decide on movements. We can send troops from interior villages to border villages to reinforce them, so they can launch bigger attacks later. Or we can launch attacks this turn with the troops already at the border.

Given that travel from border to enemy is 1 turn, if we attack this turn, the troops will arrive at the start of turn 19? Actually, if we order an attack this turn, the troops march for 1 turn. They will arrive and fight at the end of turn 18? Or at the start of turn 19? The report says "The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival." So if we attack, the defense we see now might change because the enemy can build or receive reinforcements during the turn. So the battle will occur with the state at the end of the turn. So if we order an attack, we need to consider that the enemy has this turn to reinforce. So it might be better to wait and attack next turn after we have reinforced our border villages, so we can send a larger army and overcome reinforcements. But if we wait, the enemy also has time to reinforce their villages.

Actually, the enemy also gives orders this turn. They might attack our villages or reinforce their own. So we need to act.

Let's think about the enemy's perspective. King A has villages: Madrid, Toledo, Cordoba, Vigo, Salamanca, Badajoz, Porto, and the capital Lisboa, plus others. They will try to defend and possibly attack our border villages. They might attack Teruel or Burgos because those are weak. They might also try to recapture Vigo or Toledo if they were recently conquered? Actually, they conquered Vigo and Toledo last turn, so they now own them. They might reinforce them.

We need to protect our weak border villages: Teruel (defense 5), Burgos (defense 15), Murcia (defense 28). Zaragoza is strong (60). So we should reinforce Teruel and Burgos. We can send troops from interior to Teruel and Burgos. For example, from Valencia to Teruel: 1 slow/medium/fast turn? Valencia [16] connects to Teruel [13]? Road: Valencia [16] connects to [13] Teruel and [15] Murcia and [18] Castellon. So from Valencia to Teruel is 1 turn? The report says for Valencia: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So we can send troops from Valencia to Teruel in 1 turn. Similarly, from Pamplona to Burgos: 1 turn. From Castellon to Teruel: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast? Actually Castellon [18] connects to [13] Teruel and [16] Valencia and [21] Tarragona. The report says for Castellon: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So 2 turns for slow troops.

So we can quickly reinforce Teruel from Valencia or from Zaragoza? Zaragoza to Teruel: road? Zaragoza [17] connects to [13] Teruel and [12] Madrid and [19] Pamplona and [20] Huesca and [21] Tarragona. So Zaragoza to Teruel is 1 turn? The report for Zaragoza says: "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza" - wait, it says "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza" for Barcelona? Actually, for each village, it gives the nearest border village. For Zaragoza, it is a border village itself. So we can send from Zaragoza to Teruel? But Zaragoza is already a border village. We might want to send troops from Zaragoza to Teruel to reinforce, but that would reduce Zaragoza's troops. Alternatively, we can send from interior to Teruel.

Let's plan movements for this turn:

Option 1: Launch immediate attacks on Madrid and maybe others, while reinforcing other borders.

But we need to be careful about the order of battles. If we send troops from Zaragoza to Madrid, they will fight Madrid. If we also send troops from Valencia to Teruel, they will reinforce Teruel. That's fine.

We could also send troops from Burgos to Vigo to attack. But Burgos has only 6 troops (0 spear, 5 archer, 1 knight). That's a small force. We could send them to attack Vigo. Vigo has 1 archer, 1 knight, defense 5. If we send from Burgos: available 0 spear, 5 archer, 1 knight. If we send all, most numerous is archer (5). Vigo's most numerous is archer (1) or knight (1) tie, archer. So our most numerous is archer, enemy most numerous is archer. Same type, no counter. Our attack: 5 archers *2 = 10, 1 knight *4 = 4, total 14. Vigo effective defense: 5. So we win easily. But we would leave Burgos with 0 troops. Burgos defense is 15. If the enemy attacks Burgos, it would fall. So we should leave some troops in Burgos, or reinforce it first.

We can send troops from Pamplona to Burgos. Pamplona has 1 troop (1 archer). That's not much. We can build troops in Pamplona and send them. But Pamplona has wood 55, iron 30. It can build troops. We can build at Pamplona and send to Burgos. But travel from Pamplona to Burgos is 1 turn. So if we build and send this turn, they'll arrive next turn? Actually, building takes 1 turn. The rule: "spearman: costs 15 wood + 0 iron, ready in 1 turn." So if we order a build, the troops are ready at the end of the turn? Or at the start of the next turn? The rules: "Each troop type has its own ATTACK and DEFENSE values... ready in 1 turn." Typically, if you build, they are available next turn. The report says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" lists troops that are already built. So if we order a build, they will be available next turn. So we can't build and send in the same turn. We can send existing troops, and build new ones for next turn.

So for this turn, we can only send troops that are already built (the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" lists). We can also build new troops, but they won't be ready until next turn.

So our movements this turn can only use the available troops.

Let's list all available troops by village that we might want to send:

- Barcelona: 6 spear, 1 archer, 8 knight
- Tarragona: 0 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight
- Girona: 4 spear, 2 archer, 7 knight
- Castellon: 4 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight
- Zaragoza: 8 spear, 9 archer, 7 knight
- Huesca: 0 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight
- Valencia: 2 spear, 0 archer, 1 knight
- Teruel: 0 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight
- Murcia: 8 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight
- Pamplona: 0 spear, 1 archer, 0 knight
- Burgos: 0 spear, 5 archer, 1 knight

We need to decide which of these to send where. We can send them to enemy villages to attack, or to our own villages to reinforce.

Attacking:
- Madrid from Zaragoza: we can send from Zaragoza. Also could send from Burgos? Burgos to Madrid: road? Burgos [14] connects to [12] Madrid and [10] Vigo. So from Burgos to Madrid is 1 turn? The report for Burgos says: "from here to your nearest border village [14] Burgos" - wait, Burgos is a border village. It doesn't give distance to Madrid. But from the road network, Burgos connects directly to Madrid. So travel time: likely 1 turn. We could attack Madrid from Burgos as well. But if we attack from two different villages, they fight separately. That could be an advantage: we could send a weak army first to attrition, then a strong one. But we need to know the order. The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if we send from Zaragoza and Burgos to Madrid, they will fight the garrison sequentially. Which one fights first? Probably the one that arrives first? Since both are 1 turn, they arrive simultaneously. The rule says "one at a time" but doesn't specify order. It might be random or based on something. We could potentially send a small force from Burgos to distract, and a large force from Zaragoza to conquer. But if the small force fights first and loses, it's wasted. If it fights first and wins, it might take the village? But if it wins, it conquers the village, and then the second army arrives and fights the new garrison? That could be messy. Usually, you want to commit a single large army to conquer a village.

So I think it's better to attack with one army from one village.

- Toledo from Teruel: Teruel has only 1 archer, 1 knight. That's not enough to beat Toledo (defense 30). We need to reinforce Teruel first. We can send troops from Valencia or Castellon or Zaragoza to Teruel. For example, from Valencia: 2 spear, 1 knight. From Castellon: 4 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight. From Zaragoza: we could send some. But if we send from Zaragoza to Teruel, we reduce Zaragoza's strength for attacking Madrid.

- Cordoba from Murcia: Murcia has 8 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight. That's a decent force. Cordoba defense 28. Murcia's available: 8 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight. Most numerous is spear (8). Cordoba's most numerous is archer (7). Spear does not counter archer (archer counters spearman). Actually, spearman counters knight, archer counters spearman, knight counters archer. So spearman does not counter archer; in fact, archer counters spearman. So if we attack with spearman as most numerous, and enemy has archer as most numerous, then enemy has the counter (archer counters spearman). So the defender would get x1.5 on defense? That would be bad. Let's check: our most numerous: spear. Enemy most numerous: archer. Archer counters spearman, so the enemy has the counter. If the defender gets x1.5, then Cordoba's effective defense 28 would become 42? That would be tough. Our attack: 8 spear *1 = 8, 1 archer *2 = 2, 2 knight *4 = 8, total 18. Without counter, 18 vs 28? Actually, if defender gets x1.5, their defense becomes 28 * 1.5 = 42. We lose badly. If defender does not get counter, then 18 vs 28, we lose. So attacking Cordoba from Murcia with the current troops is a bad idea. We need to send knights as most numerous. So we should send more knights to Murcia, or send the attack from a village with many knights. Murcia only has 2 knights. We could send knights from elsewhere to Murcia, then attack. Or we could attack Cordoba from another village? The only road to Cordoba is from Murcia [15] and from [8] Toledo and [9] Sevilha. Sevilha is unexplored. So we must attack from Murcia or from a village we conquer. So we need to reinforce Murcia with knights.

- Vigo from Burgos: Burgos has 5 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous archer. Vigo most numerous archer (tie). Same type, no counter. Attack: 5*2=10, 1*4=4, total 14 vs defense 5. Win. But we leave Burgos empty. We should reinforce Burgos first.

So for this turn, we might want to:
1. Reinforce our weak border villages: Teruel, Murcia, Burgos.
2. Build troops for future attacks.
3. Possibly launch an attack on Madrid from Zaragoza, since we have a good army there and it's the most favorable matchup (we can have archers counter their spearman).

Let's consider the Madrid attack in detail.

Zaragoza available: 8 spear, 9 archer, 7 knight. We want to send an army with archers most numerous to counter Madrid's spearman. We can send all 9 archers, plus some others. How many to send? We need to leave enough to defend Zaragoza if attacked. Zaragoza defense is currently 60. If we send, say, 9 archers, 4 spear, 2 knight, that's 15 troops. Zaragoza would be left with 8-4=4 spear, 9-9=0 archer, 7-2=5 knight. So remaining: 4 spear, 5 knight. That's 9 troops. The effective defense would drop. We need to estimate the new defense. Defense values: spear 2, knight 2. Total defense = 4*2 + 5*2 = 8 + 10 = 18. Location bonus: Zaragoza is a border village? It says "BORDER with [12] (enemy)". So it's a village, so x1.25. Effective defense = 18 * 1.25 = 22.5, round? The report gives integer effective defense. So it would be around 22. That's much lower than 60. So if we strip Zaragoza, it becomes vulnerable. The enemy might attack it from Madrid. Madrid has troops: 6 spear, 5 archer. They could send those to attack Zaragoza. If they do, our remaining garrison of 4 spear, 5 knight would face them. Their most numerous is spear (6). Our most numerous is knight (5) or spear (4)? Knight 5, spear 4, so knight most numerous. Knight counters archer, but enemy has spear. Spear counters knight. So enemy has the counter? Enemy most numerous spear, our most numerous knight. Spear counters knight, so enemy has counter. If attacker gets counter, their attack is multiplied. That would be bad. So we should leave a balanced garrison or one that counters likely attacks.

Alternatively, we could send a smaller attack force from Zaragoza, leaving more troops. For example, send 6 archers, 2 spear, 1 knight. That's 9 troops. Attack: 6*2=12, 2*1=2, 1*4=4, total 18, x1.5 = 27. That's just below Madrid's 28. Not enough. We need at least 28 effective. With 6 archers, we get 27. So we need more. 7 archers: 7*2=14, plus others. If we send 7 archers, 3 spear, 1 knight: 14+3+4=21, x1.5=31.5, vs 28, win. That's 11 troops. Leave 8-3=5 spear, 9-7=2 archer, 7-1=6 knight. Remaining: 5 spear, 2 archer, 6 knight = 13 troops. Defense: 5*2 + 2*2 + 6*2 = 10+4+12=26, x1.25=32.5. Still decent. But we need to consider that the enemy might reinforce Madrid. If they add troops, our attack might fail. So maybe we should send a larger force to ensure victory even with reinforcements.

But we also have the option to send troops from other villages to Zaragoza to reinforce it before we send the attack. However, those reinforcements would take time to arrive. If we send them now, they'll arrive next turn or later. If we attack this turn, we can't use them. So we could delay the attack to next turn, and use this turn to reinforce Zaragoza and build more troops. That might be safer: build up Zaragoza's garrison and attack force, then attack next turn. Meanwhile, we can reinforce other border villages.

What about attacking other villages? We could attack Vigo from Burgos this turn, since it's a weak garrison and we can win easily. But we need to leave Burgos defended. We can send some troops from Pamplona or elsewhere to Burgos. Pamplona has 1 archer. Not much. We can build in Pamplona and send next turn. Or we can send from Castellon? Castellon to Burgos: road? Castellon [18] to Burgos [14]? No direct road. Castellon connects to Teruel, Valencia, Tarragona. To reach Burgos, you'd have to go through Teruel, then Zaragoza, then Pamplona, then Burgos? That's far. So Burgos is somewhat isolated. The only connections to Burgos are Vigo [10] and Madrid [12] and Pamplona [19]. So we can only reinforce Burgos from Pamplona. Pamplona is interior. So we should send troops from Pamplona to Burgos. Pamplona has 1 archer. We can build more in Pamplona. Pamplona has wood 55, iron 30. Can build: spearman 3, archer 2, knight 1. We can build and send next turn.

So this turn, we might want to:
- Build troops in various villages for future attacks and reinforcements.
- Send available troops from interior villages to border villages to reinforce them.
- Possibly launch an attack on Madrid from Zaragoza, or delay it.

Let's think about the enemy's likely actions. The enemy is King A. They have many villages. They might try to attack our weak border villages: Teruel, Burgos, Murcia. They might also reinforce their own villages. Since we don't see their armies, we can't be sure. But we can assume they will act in their best interest.

To be safe, we should reinforce our border villages this turn. We can send troops from interior to border. For example:
- From Valencia to Teruel: send 2 spear, 1 knight? Valencia has 2 spear, 0 archer, 1 knight. Teruel is 1 turn away. That would reinforce Teruel.
- From Pamplona to Burgos: send 1 archer.
- From Castellon to Teruel? Castellon to Teruel is 2 slow turns, so they would take 2 turns. Not immediately helpful.
- From Girona to Zaragoza? Girona to Zaragoza: road? Girona [23] connects to [20] Huesca and [22] Barcelona. To Zaragoza: Girona -> Huesca -> Zaragoza? Huesca [20] connects to Zaragoza. So Girona to Zaragoza: Girona -> Huesca (1 turn?) and Huesca -> Zaragoza (1 turn). So 2 turns. Or Girona -> Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza: 3 turns. So not immediate.
- From Barcelona to Zaragoza: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So 1 turn for fast troops, 2 for slow. We can send knights from Barcelona to Zaragoza in 1 turn. Barcelona has 8 knights. We could send some to Zaragoza to reinforce.
- From Tarragona to Zaragoza: 1 turn.

So we can quickly get troops from Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Huesca, Valencia, Pamplona to various border villages.

Let's decide on a concrete plan for this turn.

Goal: We want to eventually hold 18 villages. We need to conquer 7 more. The easiest targets might be Vigo (defense 5) and maybe others. But we also need to hold them. If we conquer a village, the enemy might try to take it back. We need to be able to defend it. So we should build up our overall military strength.

I think a good strategy is to focus on building up our border villages' garrisons and then launching coordinated attacks. Since travel times are short, we can attack and defend quickly.

For this turn, I propose:
- Build troops in as many villages as possible, focusing on the types we need: archers for Madrid attack, knights for Toledo/Cordoba/Vigo attacks, spearman for cheap defense.
- Send reinforcements from interior to border villages to strengthen them.
- Possibly launch an attack on Vigo from Burgos, since it's weak and we can win easily, but we need to ensure Burgos is reinforced. We can send the 1 archer from Pamplona to Burgos, and then send Burgos's troops to Vigo? But if we send Burgos's troops to Vigo, Burgos will be empty except for reinforcements arriving. That might be okay if the reinforcements arrive before the enemy attacks. But orders are simultaneous: if we send from Burgos to Vigo, and from Pamplona to Burgos, the troops from Pamplona will march and arrive at Burgos at the end of the turn? They will be on the road. If the enemy attacks Burgos, they might meet the reinforcements on the road? Actually, if we send from Pamplona to Burgos, those troops are marching. If the enemy attacks Burgos, they would march to Burgos. If both arrive at the same time, the enemy would fight the garrison? But the garrison is empty because we sent them away. The reinforcements are still on the road. The rule: "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there". So if the enemy is marching to Burgos, and our reinforcements are marching to Burgos, they might meet on the road if they use the same road. The road from Pamplona to Burgos: Pamplona [19] connects to [14] Burgos. So it's a direct road. If the enemy attacks Burgos from Vigo or Madrid, they would use different roads. The enemy from Vigo would go Vigo -> Burgos. That road is different from Pamplona -> Burgos. So they wouldn't meet on the road. They would both arrive at Burgos. But then who fights? The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if the enemy arrives at Burgos and our reinforcements arrive at Burgos, they would fight? But Burgos is our village. The enemy is attacking it. Our reinforcements are arriving to defend. They would fight as separate groups? This is getting complicated.

To simplify, we should avoid leaving our villages empty if they are likely to be attacked. We should keep a garrison in every village we own, at least a small one. So when we send troops to attack, we should leave enough to defend.

For Burgos, we have 5 archer, 1 knight. If we send them all to Vigo, Burgos has 0. We can send the 1 archer from Pamplona to Burgos, but it arrives next turn? Actually, if we send from Pamplona to Burgos this turn, they will arrive at the end of this turn? The travel time is 1 turn. So they will be at Burgos at the start of next turn? Or at the end of this turn? The timing: we order movements. Then troops march. They arrive at their destination at the end of the turn. Then the next turn begins. So if we send from Pamplona to Burgos, they will arrive at Burgos at the end of turn 18. If we also send from Burgos to Vigo, those troops leave Burgos at the start of turn 18? Actually, all movements are simultaneous. So at the start of turn 18, the troops in Burgos are still there. We order them to move to Vigo. They leave Burgos and march. Meanwhile, the troops from Pamplona march to Burgos. So during turn 18, Burgos is empty? The troops from Burgos leave, so they are on the road. The troops from Pamplona are on the road to Burgos. At the end of turn 18, the troops from Burgos arrive at Vigo, and the troops from Pamplona arrive at Burgos. So Burgos ends up with the Pamplona troops. So it's not empty at the end of the turn. If the enemy attacks Burgos this turn, they would march to Burgos. They would arrive at Burgos at the end of the turn. At that time, who is at Burgos? The Pamplona troops have just arrived. So they would fight the enemy. But the Pamplona troops are only 1 archer. That's not much. So if the enemy attacks Burgos, they would likely defeat the 1 archer and take Burgos. So we need a stronger garrison.

Therefore, we should not strip Burgos completely. We should leave some troops, or send more reinforcements.

Given the complexity, maybe we should focus on building up our forces and not launch attacks until we have overwhelming force. But we need to expand to win. We can't just build forever.

Let's consider the turn count. We are on turn 18. The game might have a time limit? Not specified. But we need to win eventually.

Another idea: we can attack neutral villages to increase our count. The unexplored villages might be neutral. If we can conquer a neutral village, we get +1 to our count, and we don't have to hold it from enemy counterattack? Actually, we still need to hold it for 2 consecutive turns. But if it's neutral, there's no enemy there to counterattack, unless the enemy attacks it. So it might be easier to hold. We could send troops to explore and conquer unexplored villages. But we don't know their garrison. They might have some troops. The rule: "Neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type." So they have some troops. We can try to conquer them. But we need to find them first. We can send troops to unexplored areas. For example, from Badajoz (enemy) we could go to Evora or Faro? But we don't have troops there. From our villages, we can send to unexplored ones. For instance, from Teruel to Toledo is enemy, but from Teruel we can go to [8] Toledo, which is enemy. To reach unexplored, we'd have to go through enemy territory? Actually, the road network: our villages connect to enemy villages. To reach unexplored, we might need to go through enemy villages. But the rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So if we try to march to an unexplored village, we'll have to fight through any enemy villages on the way. So we can't bypass them. So we must conquer the border villages first to access the interior.

Thus, our immediate goals should be to conquer the enemy villages on our border: Madrid, Toledo, Cordoba, Vigo. Once we have those, we can access the unexplored areas.

So let's plan to conquer one of these this turn or next.

Which one is most feasible?
- Vigo: weak garrison (1 archer, 1 knight), defense 5. We can attack from Burgos. Burgos has 5 archer, 1 knight. We can win easily. But Burgos is weakly defended. We need to reinforce Burgos first. We can send troops from Pamplona to Burgos. Pamplona has 1 archer. Not enough. We can build in Pamplona this turn: build, say, 3 spearman and 2 archers? Then next turn send them to Burgos. Then attack Vigo. That would take two turns.
- Madrid: stronger, but we have a good army in Zaragoza. We can attack this turn with Zaragoza's troops. We need to leave a defense. We can send reinforcements from Barcelona and Tarragona to Zaragoza this turn to bolster its defense, while we send an attack from Zaragoza to Madrid. But those reinforcements would take 1 turn (if fast) to arrive. They would arrive at the end of this turn, after the battle? Actually, if we send from Barcelona to Zaragoza, they march. The attack from Zaragoza to Madrid also marches. They are simultaneous. The troops from Barcelona will arrive at Zaragoza at the end of the turn. The troops from Zaragoza will arrive at Madrid at the end of the turn. So the reinforcements won't be at Zaragoza when the attack leaves? Actually, the attack leaves at the start of the turn. The reinforcements leave Barcelona at the start of the turn. They are both on the road. So Zaragoza's garrison at the start of the turn is what we can send. The reinforcements arrive at Zaragoza at the end of the turn, after the attack has left. So they can't join the attack. But they can reinforce Zaragoza for the next turn. So if we send an attack from Zaragoza, we reduce its garrison for the turn. The enemy might attack Zaragoza this turn. Our garrison during the turn is the troops we leave behind. The reinforcements from Barcelona will arrive at the end of the turn, so they don't help defend during the turn if the enemy attacks. But if the enemy attacks Zaragoza, they would arrive at the end of the turn. At that time, our reinforcements have also arrived. So they would join the defense? Actually, the battle happens when the enemy arrives. If both arrive at the end of the turn, the enemy fights the garrison that is there at that time. The garrison at the end of the turn includes the reinforcements that arrived. So the reinforcements would help defend against an enemy attack that arrives at the same time. But the rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if the enemy attacks Zaragoza, and we have reinforcements arriving from Barcelona, they would be separate sends? Actually, the garrison of Zaragoza is the troops that were there at the start of the turn, minus those that left, plus those that arrive. But the troops that left are on the road. The troops that arrive are separate. The enemy attack is a separate send. So the battle would be between the enemy army and the Zaragoza garrison (which includes the original remaining troops plus any arriving reinforcements? But the rule says troops from different villages never add up. So if we have troops from Barcelona arriving, they are from a different village than Zaragoza. So they would not add up with Zaragoza's troops? That would mean they fight as separate groups. That seems odd: if you send reinforcements to your own village, they should join the garrison. The rule says: "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So they do join the garrison! So they become part of the garrison. The rule "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up" applies to attacking an enemy village: if you send from multiple villages to attack the same enemy village, they fight separately. But for reinforcing your own village, they join the garrison. So that's different.

So if we send reinforcements to Zaragoza, they will join the garrison upon arrival. If they arrive at the same time as an enemy attack, they would be part of the garrison defending. So that's good.

So we can send reinforcements to Zaragoza this turn, and they will help defend if the enemy attacks Zaragoza. Meanwhile, we can send an attack from Zaragoza to Madrid. The attack will use the troops that were in Zaragoza at the start of the turn. The reinforcements will arrive later and bolster Zaragoza.

So a possible plan:
- From Zaragoza, send an attack to Madrid with a strong force, leaving a reasonable garrison.
- From Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Huesca, etc., send reinforcements to Zaragoza to make up for the troops we send away.
- Also reinforce other border villages: Teruel, Murcia, Burgos.
- Build troops everywhere for future.

Let's decide on the composition of the attack on Madrid.

We want to counter Madrid's spearman with archers. Madrid has 6 spear, 5 archer. Most numerous spear. So we want archers most numerous in our attack.

Zaragoza has 8 spear, 9 archer, 7 knight. We can send, for example, 7 archers, 3 spear, 2 knight. That's 12 troops. Attack: 7*2=14, 3*1=3, 2*4=8, total 25, x1.5 = 37.5. vs 28. Good win. We leave Zaragoza with 8-3=5 spear, 9-7=2 archer, 7-2=5 knight. Total 12 troops. Defense: 5*2 + 2*2 + 5*2 = 10+4+10=24, x1.25=30. That's decent. We can also send more to ensure victory. If we send 9 archers, 4 spear, 3 knight: attack: 18+4+12=34, x1.5=51. Leave 4 spear, 0 archer, 4 knight = 8 troops, defense 8*2*1.25=20. That's weaker. So maybe 7 archers is a good balance.

But we also need to consider that Madrid might be reinforced. If the enemy sends troops to Madrid, our attack might face additional troops. Since we don't know, we might want to send a larger force to overcome reinforcements. However, if we send too many, we leave Zaragoza weak. We can reinforce Zaragoza from other villages.

Which villages can send troops to Zaragoza quickly? 
- Tarragona [21] to Zaragoza: 1 slow/medium/fast turn. Tarragona has 0 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight. Not much.
- Huesca [20] to Zaragoza: 1 slow/medium/fast turn. Huesca has 0 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight.
- Pamplona [19] to Zaragoza: 1 slow/medium/fast turn? Pamplona connects to [14] Burgos and [17] Zaragoza and [20] Huesca. So yes, 1 turn. Pamplona has 0 spear, 1 archer, 0 knight.
- Barcelona [22] to Zaragoza: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So knights from Barcelona take 1 turn, others 2. Barcelona has 6 spear, 1 archer, 8 knight. We can send knights in 1 turn.
- Girona [23] to Zaragoza: via Huesca? Girona to Huesca is 1 turn? Girona [23] connects to [20] Huesca and [22] Barcelona. Huesca to Zaragoza is 1 turn. So total 2 turns for slow, 1 turn for fast? Actually, if we send from Girona to Zaragoza, the path is Girona -> Huesca -> Zaragoza. The travel time would be the sum: Girona to Huesca: 1 turn? The report for Girona says: "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So it's 2 turns for slow, 1 for medium/fast. So knights from Girona take 1 turn? Actually, it says "1 fast turns", so knights take 1 turn. So we can send knights from Girona to Zaragoza in 1 turn. Girona has 7 knights. So we can send knights quickly.

So we can send knights from Barcelona, Girona, etc., to Zaragoza in 1 turn. They will arrive at the end of this turn and reinforce Zaragoza. They won't be able to join the attack on Madrid this turn, but they will be there for defense and for next turn's actions.

So we can afford to send a larger attack from Zaragoza, knowing that reinforcements are coming.

Let's plan the attack on Madrid: send from Zaragoza: 8 archers, 4 spear, 3 knight? That's 15 troops. Attack: 8*2=16, 4*1=4, 3*4=12, total 32, x1.5=48. vs 28. Leave Zaragoza with 8-4=4 spear, 9-8=1 archer, 7-3=4 knight = 9 troops. Defense: 4+1+4=9 troops, defense 9*2=18, x1.25=22.5. Then reinforcements from other villages arrive: say from Barcelona send 8 knights? But they take 1 turn, so they arrive at end of turn. So Zaragoza ends turn 18 with 4 spear, 1 archer, 4 knight + 8 knights = 13 troops. That's better.

But we also need to consider that the enemy might attack Zaragoza this turn. If they attack, they will fight the garrison that is present at the time of battle. When does the battle happen? The enemy army marches to Zaragoza. They arrive at the end of the turn. At that time, our garrison consists of the troops we left in Zaragoza plus any reinforcements that have arrived. Since our reinforcements from Barcelona arrive at the same time, they will be there. But the rule about troops from different villages: when reinforcing, they join the garrison. So they are part of the defense. So the defending force is the combination of the original Zaragoza troops (those we left) plus the arriving reinforcements. However, the rule "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up" might apply here? It says "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." That specifically says "sent from different villages". If we send troops from Barcelona to Zaragoza, they are sent from Barcelona. The Zaragoza garrison is from Zaragoza. Are they considered different sends? The rule might be referring to multiple sends attacking the same target. For defense, the garrison is already there. Reinforcements are a send, but they are joining the garrison. The rule explicitly says: "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So they do join. So they add up. The "never add up" rule is for attacking an enemy village: if you send from multiple villages to attack the same enemy village, they fight separately. For defense, if the enemy sends from multiple villages to attack your village, they fight separately. But your own garrison and reinforcements combine.

So if the enemy attacks Zaragoza, they will fight the combined garrison (original left + arriving reinforcements). That's good.

So we can plan to send reinforcements to Zaragoza from other villages. Let's decide which villages send what.

We want to send troops to Zaragoza to make it strong. We can send from:
- Barcelona: send some knights (fast, 1 turn). Barcelona has 8 knights. Send 4 knights? Or all 8? We might want to keep some in Barcelona for its own defense. Barcelona is interior, no enemy border, so it's safe. We can send many.
- Tarragona: send 1 knight.
- Huesca: send 1 knight.
- Girona: send some knights. Girona has 7 knights. Send 3?
- Pamplona: send 1 archer? But Pamplona to Zaragoza is 1 turn. Pamplona has 1 archer. We can send it.
- Valencia: to Zaragoza? Valencia [16] to Zaragoza [17]: road? Valencia connects to Teruel and Murcia and Castellon. To Zaragoza, you'd go Valencia -> Teruel -> Zaragoza? That's 2 turns. So not fast.

So we can send knights and archers from the eastern villages to Zaragoza.

We also need to reinforce Teruel, Murcia, Burgos.

Teruel: we can send from Valencia (1 turn) and Castellon (2 turns). Valencia has 2 spear, 1 knight. Send them to Teruel? That would reinforce Teruel. Castellon has 4 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight. We can send some to Teruel, but they take 2 turns (slow) or 1 turn (fast). If we send knights from Castellon to Teruel, they take 1 turn? The report says Castellon to Teruel: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So knights take 1 turn. So we can send knights from Castellon to Teruel quickly.

Murcia: we can send from Valencia? Valencia to Murcia: 1 turn? Valencia [16] to Murcia [15]: road? Valencia connects to [15] Murcia and [13] Teruel and [18] Castellon. So yes, 1 turn. Valencia has 2 spear, 1 knight. We can send them to Murcia. Or we can send from Castellon to Murcia? Castellon to Murcia: Castellon -> Valencia -> Murcia? That's 2 turns. So Valencia is better.

Burgos: we can send from Pamplona (1 turn). Pamplona has 1 archer. We can also build in Pamplona and send next turn.

So for this turn, we can do the following movements:

Attacks:
- Zaragoza -> Madrid: send 8 archers, 4 spear, 3 knight (or similar).

Reinforcements:
- Barcelona -> Zaragoza: send 6 knights? (Barcelona has 8 knights, we can send 6 to keep 2 for defense? Barcelona is interior, so safe. We can send all 8? But we might want to build more there. Let's send 4 knights from Barcelona to Zaragoza.)
- Girona -> Zaragoza: send 3 knights? Girona has 7 knights. Send 3.
- Tarragona -> Zaragoza: send 1 knight.
- Huesca -> Zaragoza: send 1 knight.
- Pamplona -> Zaragoza: send 1 archer.
- Valencia -> Teruel: send 2 spear, 1 knight? Valencia has 2 spear, 0 archer, 1 knight. Send all to Teruel to reinforce.
- Castellon -> Teruel: send 2 knights? Castellon has 2 knights. Send them to Teruel? But they take 1 turn. So they'll arrive next turn? Actually, if we send this turn, they arrive at end of turn. So they reinforce Teruel for defense this turn.
- Pamplona -> Burgos: send? Pamplona only has 1 archer. We could send it to Burgos instead of Zaragoza. But Burgos is also important. Let's send the 1 archer from Pamplona to Burgos.
- What about Murcia? We can send from Valencia to Murcia? But Valencia is sending to Teruel. We could send from Valencia to Murcia instead? We need to decide which border is more urgent. Teruel has defense 5, Murcia 28. Teruel is weaker. So we should reinforce Teruel. Murcia has 8 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight already. That's a decent garrison. We might not need to reinforce it immediately. But we could send from Castellon to Murcia? Castellon to Murcia: via Valencia, 2 turns. Not immediate. So we'll leave Murcia for now.

Also, we can send from interior to interior to build up troops. But we can just build troops in place and leave them.

Now, builds: we should build troops in every village that can afford it, to increase our army. We need to specify builds for each village. We can build multiple types.

Let's list builds for each village, considering what we need:
- We need archers for Madrid attack. Zaragoza can build 2 archers (we already have 9, building 2 more makes 11). But we are sending 8 to Madrid, so we might want to rebuild them. We can build 2 archers at Zaragoza.
- We need knights for future attacks on Toledo, Cordoba, Vigo. We can build knights in villages with iron: Burgos has iron 100, but wood 40 (can build 1 knight). Teruel has wood 60, iron 30 (1 knight). Murcia has wood 40, iron 30 (1 knight). Pamplona has wood 55, iron 30 (1 knight). Valencia has wood 30, iron 50 (1 knight). Barcelona has wood 40, iron 20 (0 knights). Girona has wood 50, iron 30 (1 knight). Tarragona has wood 50, iron 30 (1 knight). Castellon has wood 40, iron 20 (0 knights). Huesca has wood 70, iron 20 (0 knights). So we can build knights in several places.
- We need spearman for cheap defense. Many villages can build spearman.

We should build what we can, focusing on what we need for our plan.

Let's assign builds for this turn:

- Barcelona [22]: wood 40, iron 20. Can build: 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). We want to build troops to send to Zaragoza. We can build spearman to reinforce Zaragoza? But spearman are slow, so they take 2 turns to reach Zaragoza. That's not immediate. We can build knights? Not enough iron. So build 2 spearman? Or 1 archer? We might want to build archers for our own use. Let's build 1 archer and 1 spearman? Actually, 40 wood: 2 spearman (30 wood) leaves 10 wood. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaves 20 wood, 10 iron. We could build 1 archer and then with remaining 20 wood, we can't build another spearman (needs 15, but we have 20, so we can build 1 spearman). So build 1 archer and 1 spearman? That uses 20+15=35 wood, 10 iron. We have 40 wood, 20 iron. So yes, build 1 archer, 1 spearman. Or we could build 2 spearman (30 wood) and have 10 wood left, no iron used. But we have iron, so we might as well use it. Let's build 1 archer and 1 spearman. But we also want to send troops. We have available: 6 spear, 1 archer, 8 knight. If we build, they add to available next turn. So for this turn's movements, we can only send what's available now. So builds are for next turn.

- Tarragona [21]: wood 50, iron 30. Can build: spearman 3 (45 wood), archer 2 (40 wood, 20 iron), knight 1 (30 wood, 30 iron). We want to reinforce Zaragoza. We can build troops to send next turn. Let's build 1 knight (for future), and maybe 2 spearman? Or 2 archers? Let's build 1 knight and 1 archer? Actually, we can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and with remaining 20 wood, we can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) but we have no iron left? 30 iron used, so 0 iron left. So we can build 1 knight and 1 spearman (15 wood) -> total 45 wood, 30 iron. That uses 45 wood, 30 iron. Remaining 5 wood. So build 1 knight, 1 spearman. Or we could build 2 archers? 2 archers = 40 wood, 20 iron. Then we have 10 wood, 10 iron left. Could build another spearman? 15 wood needed, but only 10. So no. So 2 archers is good. But we need knights for future. Let's build 1 knight and 1 spearman. Or 1 knight and 0 spearman? We can build 1 knight and have 20 wood left, but no iron. We could build 1 archer? Needs 10 iron, but we have 0. So only spearman. So 1 knight + 1 spearman is good.

- Girona [23]: wood 50, iron 30. Same as Tarragona. Build 1 knight, 1 spearman.

- Castellon [18]: wood 40, iron 20. Can build: 2 spearman (30 wood), 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron), 0 knight. Build 1 archer and 1 spearman? 20+15=35 wood, 10 iron. Remaining 5 wood, 10 iron. So build 1 archer, 1 spearman.

- Zaragoza [17]: wood 70, iron 20. Can build: spearman 4 (60 wood), archer 2 (40 wood, 20 iron), knight 0. We need archers for Madrid. Build 2 archers. Also, we might want spearman for defense. We can build 4 spearman? 60 wood, but we also need wood for archers. If we build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron), we have 30 wood left. We can build 2 spearman (30 wood). So build 2 archers, 2 spearman. That uses 70 wood, 20 iron. Perfect.

- Huesca [20]: wood 70, iron 20. Same as Zaragoza. Build 2 archers, 2 spearman? Or maybe we want to build troops to send elsewhere. Huesca is interior. We can build and send to Zaragoza or Teruel. Let's build 2 archers, 2 spearman.

- Valencia [16]: wood 30, iron 50. Can build: spearman 2 (30 wood), archer 1 (20 wood, 10 iron), knight 1 (30 wood, 30 iron). We have iron for knight. Build 1 knight, and with remaining wood 0? 30 wood used for knight, so 0 wood left. So build 1 knight. Or we could build 2 spearman (30 wood) and have 0 wood, 50 iron left. But we need knights for future. So build 1 knight. Also, we might want to build archers? Not enough wood. So build 1 knight.

- Teruel [13]: wood 60, iron 30. Can build: spearman 4 (60 wood), archer 3 (60 wood, 30 iron), knight 1 (30 wood, 30 iron). We need to reinforce Teruel and prepare attack on Toledo (needs knights). Build 1 knight, and then we have 30 wood left. We can build 2 spearman (30 wood). So build 1 knight, 2 spearman. Or we could build 3 archers? But we need knights. Let's build 1 knight, 2 spearman.

- Murcia [15]: wood 40, iron 30. Can build: spearman 2 (30 wood), archer 2 (40 wood, 20 iron), knight 1 (30 wood, 30 iron). We need knights for Cordoba. Build 1 knight. Remaining wood 10. Can't build spearman (needs 15). So build 1 knight. Or we could build 2 archers? 40 wood, 20 iron. That uses all wood, leaves 10 iron. But we need knights. Let's build 1 knight. Also, we might want to build spearman for defense. But wood 10 left. So just 1 knight.

- Pamplona [19]: wood 55, iron 30. Can build: spearman 3 (45 wood), archer 2 (40 wood, 20 iron), knight 1 (30 wood, 30 iron). We need to reinforce Burgos and Zaragoza. We can build troops to send. Build 1 knight? 30 wood, 30 iron. Remaining 25 wood. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) but iron 0 left. So build 1 spearman (15 wood). So build 1 knight, 1 spearman. Or we could build 2 archers? 40 wood, 20 iron. Then 15 wood left, 10 iron. Build 1 spearman? 15 wood, 0 iron. So 2 archers, 1 spearman uses 55 wood, 20 iron. That's good. But we need knights. Let's build 1 knight, 1 spearman, and maybe 1 archer? Not enough wood. Let's do 1 knight, 1 spearman: 30+15=45 wood, 30 iron. Remaining 10 wood. So build 1 knight, 1 spearman.

- Burgos [14]: wood 40, iron 100. Can build: spearman 2 (30 wood), archer 2 (40 wood, 20 iron), knight 1 (30 wood, 30 iron). We need knights for Vigo attack. Build 1 knight. Remaining wood 10. Can't build spearman. So build 1 knight. Or we could build 2 archers? 40 wood, 20 iron. Then no wood left. But we need knights. Let's build 1 knight. Also, we have a lot of iron, but wood is limiting. We can't build more knights because wood. So build 1 knight.

Now, movements: we need to specify which troops to send where.

We have available troops now (before builds). We can send them. Builds will be ready next turn.

Let's decide on the attack on Madrid.

We want to send from Zaragoza to Madrid. We need to choose exactly how many of each type. We want archers most numerous. Let's send 8 archers, 4 spearman, 3 knight. That uses 8 of the 9 archers, 4 of 8 spear, 3 of 7 knight. Zaragoza left with 1 archer, 4 spear, 4 knight. That's 9 troops. Defense: 1*2 + 4*2 + 4*2 = 2+8+8=18, x1.25=22.5 -> 22 or 23? The report gives integers. We'll say effective defense becomes 22. That's okay.

But we also want to send reinforcements to Zaragoza. We can send from:
- Barcelona: send 4 knights? Barcelona has 8 knights. Send 4 knights to Zaragoza. (Travel: 1 fast turn? Barcelona to Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. So knights take 1 turn. So they arrive at end of turn.)
- Tarragona: send 1 knight to Zaragoza. (1 turn)
- Huesca: send 1 knight to Zaragoza. (1 turn)
- Girona: send 3 knights to Zaragoza. (1 turn? Girona to Zaragoza: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. Knights fast, so 1 turn.)
- Pamplona: send 1 archer to Zaragoza? Or to Burgos? Let's send Pamplona's 1 archer to Burgos instead, to reinforce Burgos. Because Burgos is weaker. But Zaragoza is getting many knights. So Pamplona's archer to Burgos.
- What about Castellon? Castellon has 4 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight. We can send some to Teruel. Castellon to Teruel: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So knights take 1 turn. Send 2 knights from Castellon to Teruel. That reinforces Teruel quickly.
- Valencia: send 2 spear, 1 knight to Teruel. Valencia to Teruel: 1 turn? Valencia [16] to Teruel [13]: road? Valencia connects to Teruel. The report for Valencia says: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So 1 turn for all. So send all available from Valencia to Teruel: 2 spear, 1 knight. That reinforces Teruel.

Now, what about Murcia? We have 8 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight there. We could send some to attack Cordoba? But as discussed, we don't have the right counter. We could send them to reinforce elsewhere? Murcia is a border village. We might want to keep them there to defend or attack later. We can leave them for now.

What about Burgos? We have 5 archer, 1 knight. We could send them to attack Vigo. But if we do, Burgos becomes empty. We are sending Pamplona's 1 archer to Burgos, but that's only 1. We need more. We could send from elsewhere to Burgos. Which villages can reach Burgos quickly? Only Pamplona (1 turn). So we can't reinforce Burgos much this turn. We could build in Pamplona and send next turn. So maybe we should not attack Vigo this turn. Instead, we should keep Burgos's troops there to defend, and send reinforcements from Pamplona to Burgos. But Pamplona only has 1 archer. We can send it. That gives Burgos 5 archer, 1 knight + 1 archer = 6 archer, 1 knight. That's a decent garrison. Then we can attack Vigo next turn after we build more in Pamplona.

So for this turn, we will not attack Vigo. We will only attack Madrid.

What about other attacks? We could attack Toledo from Teruel? Teruel has only 1 archer, 1 knight. Not enough. We are sending reinforcements to Teruel from Valencia and Castellon. They will arrive this turn. So Teruel will have its original 1 archer, 1 knight + 2 spear, 1 knight from Valencia + 2 knight from Castellon = 2 spear, 1 archer, 4 knight? Wait: Valencia sends 2 spear, 1 knight. Castellon sends 2 knight. So Teruel gets: 2 spear, 1 knight (from Valencia) and 2 knight (from Castellon). Plus its own 1 archer, 1 knight. So total at Teruel after arrival: 2 spear, 1 archer, 1+1+2=4 knight? Actually, Teruel originally has 1 archer, 1 knight. So after reinforcements: 2 spear, 1 archer, 1 (original) +1 (Valencia) +2 (Castellon) = 4 knight. So Teruel has 2 spear, 1 archer, 4 knight. That's 7 troops. Most numerous is knight (4). That's good for attacking Toledo (which has archer most numerous, so knight counters archer). So next turn, Teruel could attack Toledo with knights as most numerous. So we are setting up for that.

Similarly, Murcia: we haven't reinforced it. It has 8 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight. Most numerous spear. To attack Cordoba (archer most numerous), we need knights. So we need to send knights to Murcia. We could send from Valencia to Murcia instead of to Teruel? But Valencia is small. We could send from Castellon to Murcia? Castellon to Murcia is 2 turns. Or we can build knights in Murcia itself. Murcia can build 1 knight this turn. So next turn it will have 3 knights. Still not enough to be most numerous if we keep the 8 spears. We might need to send some spears away or build more knights. We can also send knights from other villages to Murcia. For example, from Barcelona? Barcelona to Murcia is far. So maybe we should focus on Madrid first, then later deal with Cordoba.

For now, let's focus on the Madrid attack and reinforcing our borders.

We also need to consider that the enemy might attack our villages. Which villages are most likely? Teruel (defense 5) is very weak. After reinforcements, its defense will increase. Let's calculate Teruel's new defense after we send reinforcements. Currently, Teruel has 1 archer, 1 knight. Defense: 1*2 + 1*2 = 4, x1.25 = 5. After reinforcements arrive: 2 spear, 1 archer, 4 knight. Defense: 2*2 + 1*2 + 4*2 = 4+2+8=14, x1.25 = 17.5 -> 17 or 18. That's better. So we significantly improve Teruel.

Burgos: currently 5 archer, 1 knight. Defense: 5*2+2=12, x1.25=15. After Pamplona's 1 archer: 6 archer, 1 knight -> defense 14, x1.25=17.5. So also improves.

Murcia: currently 8 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight. Defense: 8*2+2+4=22, x1.25=27.5 -> 27 or 28. The report says effective defense 28. So it's okay.

Zaragoza: after sending attack and receiving reinforcements, let's calculate. Start: 8 spear, 9 archer, 7 knight. Send to Madrid: 4 spear, 8 archer, 3 knight. Left: 4 spear, 1 archer, 4 knight. Then receive: from Barcelona 4 knight, Tarragona 1 knight, Huesca 1 knight, Girona 3 knight. Total knights received: 4+1+1+3=9 knights. Also, we might receive from Pamplona? No, we sent Pamplona's archer to Burgos. So Zaragoza receives 9 knights. So final Zaragoza garrison: 4 spear, 1 archer, 4+9=13 knight. Total troops: 4+1+13=18. Defense: 4*2 + 1*2 + 13*2 = 8+2+26=36, x1.25=45. So effective defense becomes 45. That's quite good, down from 60 but still strong.

Now, what about the troops we send to Madrid? They will fight Madrid's garrison. Madrid has 6 spear, 5 archer, defense 28. Our attack: 4 spear (attack 1), 8 archer (2), 3 knight (4). Total attack = 4*1 + 8*2 + 3*4 = 4+16+12=32. Most numerous: archer (8) vs spearman (6) -> archer counters spearman, so x1.5. Effective attack = 48. vs 28. We win. We will take losses. The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So we lose some troops. How many? It doesn't specify. Probably a function of the difference. We might lose a few. But we have a large army, so we can afford it.

After we conquer Madrid, we will have 12 villages. We need to hold it for 2 consecutive turns to count towards the 18? Actually, the win condition: "hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village." So if we conquer Madrid, we have 12. We need 18. We need to conquer 6 more and hold them. Or we can eliminate all enemy villages. That might be easier: if we conquer all enemy villages, we win. The enemy has: Madrid, Toledo, Cordoba, Vigo, Salamanca, Badajoz, Porto, Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, Coimbra, Sevilha, Faro. That's 13 enemy villages? Actually, total map has 24 villages. We have 11. Enemy has the rest? Some might be neutral. The unexplored ones might be neutral. So to eliminate every enemy village, we need to conquer all of King A's villages. That's a lot. But we don't have to hold them for 2 turns; just eliminate them. So we could focus on destroying the enemy's forces and taking their villages.

But for now, let's proceed with the Madrid attack.

Now, we need to write the JSON with build and movements.

Builds: we need to specify for each village we want to build. We can only build in our own villages. We should list all builds we want to do. We can build multiple units per village.

Let's list builds clearly:

- Barcelona: build 1 archer, 1 spearman.
- Tarragona: build 1 knight, 1 spearman.
- Girona: build 1 knight, 1 spearman.
- Castellon: build 1 archer, 1 spearman.
- Zaragoza: build 2 archers, 2 spearmen.
- Huesca: build 2 archers, 2 spearmen.
- Valencia: build 1 knight.
- Teruel: build 1 knight, 2 spearmen.
- Murcia: build 1 knight.
- Pamplona: build 1 knight, 1 spearman.
- Burgos: build 1 knight.

Check resources for each:
- Barcelona: wood 40, iron 20. 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) = 35 wood, 10 iron. OK.
- Tarragona: wood 50, iron 30. 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) = 45 wood, 30 iron. OK.
- Girona: same, OK.
- Castellon: wood 40, iron 20. 1 archer (20/10) + 1 spearman (15/0) = 35/10. OK.
- Zaragoza: wood 70, iron 20. 2 archers (40/20) + 2 spearmen (30/0) = 70/20. OK.
- Huesca: wood 70, iron 20. same, OK.
- Valencia: wood 30, iron 50. 1 knight (30/30). OK.
- Teruel: wood 60, iron 30. 1 knight (30/30) + 2 spearmen (30/0) = 60/30. OK.
- Murcia: wood 40, iron 30. 1 knight (30/30). OK. (wood left 10)
- Pamplona: wood 55, iron 30. 1 knight (30/30) + 1 spearman (15/0) = 45/30. OK. (wood left 10)
- Burgos: wood 40, iron 100. 1 knight (30/30). OK. (wood left 10)

All builds are valid.

Now movements. We need to specify fromId, toId, and troops.

Movements from our villages to other villages:

1. Attack Madrid: from Zaragoza (17) to Madrid (12). Troops: spearman: 4, archer: 8, knight: 3. (We must not send more than available. Zaragoza available: 8 spear, 9 archer, 7 knight. So 4 spear, 8 archer, 3 knight is valid.)

2. Reinforce Zaragoza: from Barcelona (22) to Zaragoza (17). Troops: knight: 4. (Barcelona available: 6 spear, 1 archer, 8 knight. We send 4 knights.)
3. From Tarragona (21) to Zaragoza (17): knight: 1. (Tarragona has 1 knight available.)
4. From Huesca (20) to Zaragoza (17): knight: 1. (Huesca has 1 knight.)
5. From Girona (23) to Zaragoza (17): knight: 3. (Girona has 7 knights, send 3.)

6. Reinforce Teruel: from Valencia (16) to Teruel (13): spearman: 2, knight: 1. (Valencia available: 2 spear, 0 archer, 1 knight. Send all.)
7. From Castellon (18) to Teruel (13): knight: 2. (Castellon has 2 knights, send both. Note: travel time 1 turn for knights, so they arrive this turn.)

8. Reinforce Burgos: from Pamplona (19) to Burgos (14): archer: 1. (Pamplona has 1 archer, send it.)

What about other villages? We have troops in Murcia, we can leave them. We have troops in other interior villages, we can leave them or send them to reinforce. For example, we have troops in Barcelona left: after sending 4 knights, we have 6 spear, 1 archer, 4 knights. We could send some to Zaragoza as well? But Zaragoza is getting enough. We could send from Barcelona to Teruel? But travel time: Barcelona to Teruel: Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> Teruel? That's 3 turns. Not immediate. So we'll leave them.

We also have troops in Girona left: after sending 3 knights, Girona has 4 spear, 2 archer, 4 knights. We could send some to Zaragoza? But Zaragoza is getting reinforcements. We could send from Girona to Barcelona to reinforce Barcelona? But Barcelona is interior, safe. Not needed.

We have troops in Castellon left: after sending 2 knights, Castellon has 4 spear, 1 archer, 0 knights. We could send the spear and archer to Teruel? But they are slow, take 2 turns. Not immediate.

We have troops in Pamplona left: after sending 1 archer, Pamplona has 0 spear, 0 archer, 0 knight. Empty. But we can build next turn.

We have troops in Tarragona left: after sending 1 knight, Tarragona has 0 spear, 1 archer, 0 knight. We could send the archer to Zaragoza? It's 1 turn. Let's send Tarragona's archer to Zaragoza as well. Tarragona available: 1 archer. So we can add a movement: from Tarragona to Zaragoza: archer: 1.

Similarly, Huesca: after sending 1 knight, Huesca has 0 spear, 1 archer, 0 knight. Send the archer to Zaragoza? Huesca to Zaragoza is 1 turn. So add: from Huesca to Zaragoza: archer: 1.

So Zaragoza gets even more reinforcements.

Let's update movements:

- From Tarragona to Zaragoza: knight 1, archer 1? Actually, Tarragona has 1 archer and 1 knight available. We already sent the knight. We can also send the archer. So Tarragona to Zaragoza: archer 1. (But we need to specify: we can send both in one movement? The movement format allows multiple types. So we can send from Tarragona: spearman 0, archer 1, knight 1. But we already planned knight 1. We can combine into one movement: {"fromId": 21, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 1}}. That's simpler.)
- From Huesca to Zaragoza: archer 1, knight 1. (Huesca has 1 archer, 1 knight. Send both.)
- From Pamplona to Burgos: archer 1. (Pamplona has 1 archer. Send it.)
- From Valencia to Teruel: spearman 2, knight 1. (Send all.)
- From Castellon to Teruel: knight 2. (Send both knights.)
- From Barcelona to Zaragoza: knight 4. (We could also send other troops? Barcelona has 6 spear, 1 archer, 4 knights left. We could send the archer and some spears? But spears are slow (2 turns), so they won't arrive in time to help this turn. We can send them for next turn. But we can only send what's available now. We can send the archer from Barcelona to Zaragoza? It's 1 turn for medium? Barcelona to Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. So archers (medium) take 1 turn? The report says "1 medium" for Barcelona to Zaragoza? Actually, for Barcelona: "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So medium takes 1 turn. So archers from Barcelona to Zaragoza take 1 turn. So we can send the archer. Let's send from Barcelona: knight 4, archer 1. That uses 4 knights and 1 archer. Barcelona left with 6 spear, 0 archer, 4 knights? Wait, Barcelona originally has 6 spear, 1 archer, 8 knight. If we send 4 knights and 1 archer, we have 6 spear, 0 archer, 4 knights left. That's fine.
- From Girona to Zaragoza: we planned 3 knights. Girona has 4 spear, 2 archer, 7 knight. We can also send archers? Girona to Zaragoza: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So archers take 1 turn. We can send some archers. Let's send 3 knights and 2 archers? That would use all archers and 3 knights. Girona left with 4 spear, 0 archer, 4 knights. That's good for defense. So Girona to Zaragoza: spearman 0, archer 2, knight 3.

Now, what about Zaragoza's attack? We send 4 spear, 8 archer, 3 knight to Madrid. Zaragoza left with 4 spear, 1 archer, 4 knight (before reinforcements). Then reinforcements arrive: from Barcelona: 4 knight, 1 archer; Tarragona: 1 knight, 1 archer; Huesca: 1 knight, 1 archer; Girona: 2 archer, 3 knight. Total reinforcements: knights: 4+1+1+3 = 9; archers: 1+1+1+2 = 5. So Zaragoza final: spear: 4, archer: 1 (left) + 5 = 6, knight: 4 (left) + 9 = 13. Total 23 troops. Defense: 4*2 + 6*2 + 13*2 = 8+12+26=46, x1.25=57.5 -> 57 or 58. That's very strong.

Now, we also need to consider if we should send any troops from Zaragoza to other places? No, we are using them to attack Madrid.

What about Murcia? We leave it as is. It has 8 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight. We could send some to attack Cordoba? But as discussed, not favorable. We could send some to reinforce Teruel? But travel from Murcia to Teruel: Murcia [15] to Teruel [13]? Road: Murcia connects to [11] Cordoba and [16] Valencia. To Teruel, you'd go Murcia -> Valencia -> Teruel. That's 2 turns. Not immediate. So we leave Murcia.

What about Burgos? We send Pamplona's archer to Burgos. Burgos then has 5 archer, 1 knight + 1 archer = 6 archer, 1 knight. We could send Burgos's troops to attack Vigo? But we decided not to. We'll leave them to defend.

Now, we have troops in interior villages that we haven't moved. We can leave them to build up.

We should also consider sending troops from some villages to others to balance. For example, Barcelona has 6 spear, 0 archer, 4 knights left. We could send some spears to Zaragoza? But spears take 2 turns, so they won't arrive this turn. They would arrive next turn. We can order them for next turn. But for this turn's movements, we only specify what we want to happen this turn. So we can leave them.

Now, let's write the movements list. We need to include all movements we want to happen this turn.

List of movements:
1. Zaragoza (17) -> Madrid (12): spearman 4, archer 8, knight 3.
2. Barcelona (22) -> Zaragoza (17): spearman 0, archer 1, knight 4.
3. Tarragona (21) -> Zaragoza (17): spearman 0, archer 1, knight 1.
4. Huesca (20) -> Zaragoza (17): spearman 0, archer 1, knight 1.
5. Girona (23) -> Zaragoza (17): spearman 0, archer 2, knight 3.
6. Valencia (16) -> Teruel (13): spearman 2, archer 0, knight 1.
7. Castellon (18) -> Teruel (13): spearman 0, archer 0, knight 2.
8. Pamplona (19) -> Burgos (14): spearman 0, archer 1, knight 0.

Are there any other movements? We might want to send from Pamplona to Zaragoza? No, we sent to Burgos. We might want to send from Pamplona to both? Pamplona only has 1 archer, so we can only send one or the other. We chose Burgos.

What about from Castellon to somewhere else? Castellon has 4 spear, 1 archer left after sending 2 knights. We could send them to Teruel? But they are slow, take 2 turns. They would arrive at the end of turn 19? Actually, if we send them this turn, they march for 2 turns, so they arrive at the end of turn 20? The timing: turn 18 orders, they march during turn 18 and 19, arrive at end of turn 19? Actually, if travel time is 2 turns, they need two full turns to arrive. So if ordered on turn 18, they arrive at the end of turn 19. So they wouldn't help Teruel for this turn's defense. But they would help for next turn's attack. We can order them for next turn. For now, we can leave them in Castellon to build up.

We should also consider that the enemy might attack our villages. We have left troops in each village. Let's check the remaining garrisons after movements:

- Barcelona: left with 6 spear, 0 archer, 4 knight? Wait, we sent 1 archer and 4 knights. Originally 6 spear, 1 archer, 8 knight. So left: 6 spear, 0 archer, 4 knight. That's 10 troops. Defense: 6*2 + 4*2 = 12+8=20, x1.25=25. (Barcelona is interior, no border, so safe.)
- Tarragona: sent 1 archer, 1 knight. Originally 0 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight. Left: 0 spear, 0 archer, 0 knight. Empty! Tarragona is interior, but it's on the road to Zaragoza. If the enemy attacks Tarragona? The enemy would have to reach it. Tarragona is not a border village, so the enemy would have to go through Zaragoza or another village to get there. Since Zaragoza is strong, Tarragona is safe. But it's empty. Is that a problem? The rule: if a village is empty, it has no defense. If the enemy arrives, they conquer it without a fight? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". If the village is yours but empty, do they stop and fight? There's no garrison, so they would just enter? The rule doesn't specify what happens if you enter an empty own village. Probably they just occupy it. But since it's interior, the enemy is unlikely to reach it. However, to be safe, we might want to leave at least 1 troop in Tarragona. But we have no troops left there. We could send a troop from Barcelona to Tarragona? Barcelona to Tarragona: 1 turn? Barcelona [22] to Tarragona [21]: road? Barcelona connects to Tarragona and Girona. So 1 turn. We could send 1 spear from Barcelona to Tarragona. But that would reduce Barcelona's troops. Let's see: Barcelona has 6 spear. We can send 1 spear to Tarragona. That would give Tarragona 1 spear, and Barcelona 5 spear, 4 knight. That's better. Let's add that movement: Barcelona (22) -> Tarragona (21): spearman 1.

Similarly, Huesca: sent 1 archer, 1 knight. Originally 0 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight. Left: empty. Huesca is interior. We could send from Zaragoza to Huesca? But Zaragoza is sending attack. Or from Pamplona? Pamplona is empty after sending archer. We can build in Huesca next turn. For now, leave it empty? Or we can send from Girona to Huesca? Girona to Huesca: 1 turn? Girona [23] connects to Huesca [20]. So 1 turn. Girona has 4 spear, 0 archer, 4 knight left (after sending 2 archer, 3 knight). We can send 1 spear to Huesca. Let's do that: Girona (23) -> Huesca (20): spearman 1.

Pamplona: sent 1 archer. Originally 0 spear, 1 archer, 0 knight. Left: empty. Pamplona is interior but near Burgos. We can build next turn. Leave empty for now.

Valencia: sent 2 spear, 1 knight. Originally 2 spear, 0 archer, 1 knight. Left: empty. Valencia is interior. We can build next turn.

Castellon: sent 2 knights. Originally 4 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight. Left: 4 spear, 1 archer, 0 knight. That's 5 troops. Good.

Murcia: unchanged: 8 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight.

Teruel: receives from Valencia and Castellon. Original: 1 archer, 1 knight. After: 2 spear, 1 archer, 4 knight. (We didn't send any from Teruel.)

Burgos: receives 1 archer from Pamplona. Original: 5 archer, 1 knight. After: 6 archer, 1 knight.

Zaragoza: as calculated: 4 spear, 6 archer, 13 knight.

Now, we should also consider sending troops from Murcia to somewhere? Murcia has a lot of spears. We could send some to Teruel or Burgos? But travel times are long. We can leave them.

Now, let's finalize the movements list. We'll include the additional ones to prevent empty interior villages.

Add:
- Barcelona (22) -> Tarragona (21): spearman 1.
- Girona (23) -> Huesca (20): spearman 1.

Also, we might want to send from Zaragoza to Huesca? No, Zaragoza is sending attack.

What about from Pamplona to somewhere? It's empty.

Now, we need to ensure we don't send more troops than available. Check each:

- Zaragoza -> Madrid: spear 4, archer 8, knight 3. Available: spear 8, archer 9, knight 7. OK.
- Barcelona -> Zaragoza: archer 1, knight 4. Available: spear 6, archer 1, knight 8. OK.
- Barcelona -> Tarragona: spear 1. Available after above? We need to be careful: the movements are simultaneous. The troops we send from Barcelona are taken from its initial garrison. We can't send the same troops twice. So we need to sum the sends from Barcelona: to Zaragoza: 1 archer, 4 knight; to Tarragona: 1 spear. Total sends from Barcelona: 1 spear, 1 archer, 4 knight. Initial: 6 spear, 1 archer, 8 knight. So left: 5 spear, 0 archer, 4 knight. OK.
- Tarragona -> Zaragoza: archer 1, knight 1. Initial: 0 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight. OK. Left: 0,0,0.
- Huesca -> Zaragoza: archer 1, knight 1. Initial: 0 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight. OK. Left: 0,0,0.
- Girona -> Zaragoza: archer 2, knight 3. Initial: 4 spear, 2 archer, 7 knight. OK. Left: 4 spear, 0 archer, 4 knight.
- Girona -> Huesca: spear 1. From the remaining after sending to Zaragoza? We must ensure total sends from Girona don't exceed initial. Total Girona sends: to Zaragoza: 2 archer, 3 knight; to Huesca: 1 spear. Total: 1 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight. Initial: 4 spear, 2 archer, 7 knight. OK. Left: 3 spear, 0 archer, 4 knight.
- Valencia -> Teruel: spear 2, knight 1. Initial: 2 spear, 0 archer, 1 knight. OK. Left: 0,0,0.
- Castellon -> Teruel: knight 2. Initial: 4 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight. OK. Left: 4 spear, 1 archer, 0 knight.
- Pamplona -> Burgos: archer 1. Initial: 0 spear, 1 archer, 0 knight. OK. Left: 0,0,0.

All valid.

Now, we need to write the plan and statement.

Plan: a note to ourselves for next turn. We should describe what we did and what to do next.

Statement: for the audience, what we did this turn.

Let's draft the plan:

"Plan: Attacked Madrid from Zaragoza with 8 archers, 4 spearmen, 3 knights (archer most numerous to counter their spearmen). Reinforced Zaragoza with knights and archers from Barcelona, Tarragona, Huesca, Girona. Reinforced Teruel with troops from Valencia and Castellon. Reinforced Burgos with archer from Pamplona. Left other villages building. Next turn: check Madrid battle result, build more troops, prepare attacks on Toledo from Teruel (now has many knights) and possibly Cordoba from Murcia after sending knights. Also consider attacking Vigo from Burgos after reinforcing. Keep an eye on enemy movements."

Statement: "I launched a strong attack on Madrid from Zaragoza, using archers to counter their spearmen. I reinforced Zaragoza, Teruel, and Burgos to secure my borders. My armies are in position to expand further next turn."

Now, we need to output JSON. The JSON should have "build", "movements", "plan", "statement".

Let's format the build array. We need to list each build with villageId, type, quantity.

Builds:
- Barcelona: 1 archer, 1 spearman -> two entries? Or can we combine? The format: {"villageId": <id>, "type": <type>, "quantity": <n>}. So we need separate objects for each type. So for Barcelona: two objects: one for archer, one for spearman.
- Tarragona: 1 knight, 1 spearman.
- Girona: 1 knight, 1 spearman.
- Castellon: 1 archer, 1 spearman.
- Zaragoza: 2 archers, 2 spearmen.
- Huesca: 2 archers, 2 spearmen.
- Valencia: 1 knight.
- Teruel: 1 knight, 2 spearmen.
- Murcia: 1 knight.
- Pamplona: 1 knight, 1 spearman.
- Burgos: 1 knight.

Let's list them all.

Movements: list of objects with fromId, toId, troops (spearman, archer, knight). Note: we can include 0 for types not sent.

Let's write the JSON.

We need to be careful with the IDs: they are numbers. The villages are referred to by their numbers in the report.

Let's double-check the village IDs:
22: Barcelona
21: Tarragona
23: Girona
18: Castellon
17: Zaragoza
20: Huesca
16: Valencia
13: Teruel
15: Murcia
19: Pamplona
14: Burgos
12: Madrid (enemy)
8: Toledo (enemy)
11: Cordoba (enemy)
10: Vigo (enemy)

We are only moving from our villages (11 of them) to other villages (enemy or ours).

Now, let's construct the JSON.

I'll write it step by step.

First, build array:

[
  {"villageId": 22, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 22, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 21, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 21, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 23, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 23, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 18, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 18, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 17, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 17, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 20, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 20, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 16, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 13, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 13, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 15, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 19, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 19, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 14, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
]

Check: we have 11 villages. Some have multiple builds. Total builds: 2+2+2+2+2+2+1+2+1+2+1 = 19 builds? Let's count: Barcelona 2, Tarragona 2, Girona 2, Castellon 2, Zaragoza 2, Huesca 2, Valencia 1, Teruel 2, Murcia 1, Pamplona 2, Burgos 1. Total = 2*7 + 1*3 + 2 = 14+3+2=19. Yes.

Now movements array:

[
  {"fromId": 17, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 8, "knight": 3}},
  {"fromId": 22, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 4}},
  {"fromId": 22, "toId": 21, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
  {"fromId": 21, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 1}},
  {"fromId": 20, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 1}},
  {"fromId": 23, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 3}},
  {"fromId": 23, "toId": 20, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
  {"fromId": 16, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
  {"fromId": 18, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}},
  {"fromId": 19, "toId": 14, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}}
]

We should also consider sending from Pamplona to somewhere else? It's empty. What about from Murcia? We could send from Murcia to Teruel? But we didn't plan that. We can leave it.

Now, plan and statement strings.

Plan: "I attacked Madrid from Zaragoza with 8 archers, 4 spearmen, 3 knights to counter their spearmen. I reinforced Zaragoza with troops from Barcelona, Tarragona, Huesca, and Girona. I reinforced Teruel with troops from Valencia and Castellon, and Burgos with an archer from Pamplona. I also moved troops to prevent empty interior villages. Next turn: assess the Madrid battle, continue building, and prepare attacks on Toledo from Teruel (now knight-heavy) and possibly Cordoba after reinforcing with knights. Consider attacking Vigo from Burgos after building more."

Statement: "I launched a major assault on Madrid, using archers to counter the enemy's spearmen. I strengthened my borders by reinforcing Zaragoza, Teruel, and Burgos. My armies are ready to push deeper into enemy territory next turn."

We need to keep plan under 600 characters? The instruction says: "anything past 600 characters is cut off". So we should keep it concise. Let's count characters. My draft plan is about 400 characters? Let's check: "I attacked Madrid from Zaragoza with 8 archers, 4 spearmen, 3 knights to counter their spearmen. I reinforced Zaragoza with troops from Barcelona, Tarragona, Huesca, and Girona. I reinforced Teruel with troops from Valencia and Castellon, and Burgos with an archer from Pamplona. I also moved troops to prevent empty interior villages. Next turn: assess the Madrid battle, continue building, and prepare attacks on Toledo from Teruel (now knight-heavy) and possibly Cordoba after reinforcing with knights. Consider attacking Vigo from Burgos after building more." That's quite long. Let's shorten.

Plan: "Attack Madrid with archers from Zaragoza. Reinforce Zaragoza, Teruel, Burgos. Next turn: check Madrid result, build more, attack Toledo from Teruel with knights, consider Cordoba and Vigo."

That's shorter. But we need to include what we must not forget. Let's write a concise plan.

Plan: "Attacked Madrid from Zaragoza with 8 archers, 4 spear, 3 knight (counter bonus). Reinforced Zaragoza with knights/archers from interior. Reinforced Teruel (Valencia, Castellon) and Burgos (Pamplona). Next turn: assess Madrid, build troops, prepare Toledo attack from Teruel (knights), reinforce Murcia with knights for Cordoba, consider Vigo from Burgos."

Statement: "I attacked Madrid with a strong archer-led army from Zaragoza. I reinforced my border villages of Zaragoza, Teruel, and Burgos to secure my positions. Ready to expand next turn."

Now, let's put it all together in JSON.

Make sure the JSON is valid. We need to use double quotes.

I'll write the final JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"cavaleiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":17,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":8,"cavaleiro":3}},{"origemId":22,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":4}},{"origemId":22,"destinoId":21,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":21,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":20,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":23,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":3}},{"origemId":23,"destinoId":20,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":16,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":18,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":19,"destinoId":14,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":0}}]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [22]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [18]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [17]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [20]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [20]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [20]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [20]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [16]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [13]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [13]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [13]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [15]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [19]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [14]
ACEITO envio [17]->[12]: 4S+8A+3K
ACEITO envio [22]->[17]: 1A+4K
ACEITO envio [22]->[21]: 1S
ACEITO envio [21]->[17]: 1A+1K
ACEITO envio [20]->[17]: 1A+1K
ACEITO envio [23]->[17]: 2A+3K
ACEITO envio [23]->[20]: 1S
ACEITO envio [16]->[13]: 2S+1K
ACEITO envio [18]->[13]: 2K
ACEITO envio [19]->[14]: 1A
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Attacked Madrid from Zaragoza with 8 archers, 4 spear, 3 knight (counter bonus). Reinforced Zaragoza with knights/archers from interior. Reinforced Teruel (Valencia, Castellon) and Burgos (Pamplona). Next turn: assess Madrid, build troops, prepare Toledo attack from Teruel (knights), reinforce Murcia with knights for Cordoba, consider Vigo from Burgos.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): I attacked Madrid with a strong archer-led army from Zaragoza. I reinforced my border villages of Zaragoza, Teruel, and Burgos to secure my positions. Ready to expand next turn.
COMBATE [10] Vigo: atacante A Fatk=12 (ef 12) Fdef=6 (ef 11) vant=-1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~6
COMBATE [8] Toledo: atacante A Fatk=37 (ef 37) Fdef=10 (ef 19) vant=-1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~9
REFORCO [11] Cordoba dono A: 2S+6A+2K
REFORCO [6] Porto dono A: 2A+3K
REFORCO [9] Sevilha dono A: 4K
REFORCO [4] Badajoz dono A: 5A+8K
REFORCO [5] Faro dono A: 3A+2K
REFORCO [1] Santarem dono A: 2A
REFORCO [12] Madrid dono A: 1A
COMBATE [4] Badajoz: atacante B Fatk=20 (ef 30) Fdef=44 (ef 55) vant=1 -> vence defensor | baixas~12
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 4A
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 4S+2K
placar: A 13 ald/tropas 48 | B 11 ald/tropas 49 | neutras 0 | transito 16 (A 6 | B 10)

########## TURNO 19 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3691 | resposta 11061 | raciocinio 11061 | finish content_filter | ms 135166
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A in a strategy game. I need to analyze the current state and provide orders in a specific JSON format.

First, let me understand the current state:
- Turn 19
- I hold 13 of 24 villages (need 18 for 75% to win, or eliminate all enemy villages)
- Enemy is King B
- I have 13 villages, listed in "YOUR VILLAGES"
- I can see 4 enemy villages: Teruel (13), Madrid (12), Burgos (14), Valencia (16)
- Known from before: Castellon (18), Zaragoza (17), Pamplona (19), Huesca (20), Tarragona (21)
- Unexplored: Barcelona (22) - enemy capital, Girona (23)

My villages and their available troops:
[0] Lisboa: 4/300, 0 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight
[1] Santarem: 6/300, 0 spear, 6 archer, 0 knight
[2] Evora: 4/300, 0 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight
[3] Coimbra: 4/300, 0 spear, 4 archer, 0 knight
[4] Badajoz: 11/300, 0 spear, 6 archer, 5 knight
[5] Faro: 9/300, 0 spear, 7 archer, 2 knight
[6] Porto: 5/300, 0 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight
[7] Salamanca: 1/300, 0 spear, 0 archer, 1 knight (border with Madrid)
[8] Toledo: 8/300, 2 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight (border with Madrid, Teruel)
[9] Sevilha: 3/300, 0 spear, 0 archer, 3 knight
[10] Vigo: 6/300, 0 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight (border with Burgos)
[11] Cordoba: 5/300, 0 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight
[15] Murcia: 6/300, 1 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight (border with Valencia)

Enemy villages I can see:
[12] Madrid: 3 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight, defense 23
[13] Teruel: 3 spear, 1 archer, 3 knight, defense 18
[14] Burgos: 6 archer, 2 knight, defense 20
[16] Valencia: 1 knight, defense 3

Last turn:
- King B attacked Madrid and conquered it (wait, Madrid is enemy now? It says "King B attacked [12] Madrid: VICTORY, conquered" - but Madrid was already enemy? Let me re-read. The report says Madrid is ENEMY (King B). So maybe it was neutral or I lost it? Actually, the "last turn" says King B attacked Madrid and conquered it. But Madrid is listed as enemy. So maybe it was previously mine? No, the report says "ENEMY (King B)" for Madrid. The "last turn" might refer to King B conquering it from someone else, or it was already enemy and they defeated a reinforcement? Actually, it says "you attacked here 2x in the last 8 turns (1 conquered)" for Madrid, meaning I conquered it once but lost it. So Madrid is enemy territory now.
- I attacked Teruel and was defeated.
- I attacked Murcia and conquered it (it's now mine, listed as [15] Murcia).
- Reinforcements arrived at Toledo, Cordoba, Vigo.

Current situation:
- I need 5 more villages to reach 18 (I have 13).
- Enemy has: Madrid (12), Teruel (13), Burgos (14), Valencia (16), Castellon (18), Zaragoza (17), Pamplona (19), Huesca (20), Tarragona (21), Barcelona (22), Girona (23). That's 11 enemy villages. Total 13 + 11 = 24. Correct.

My plan from last turn was to attack Teruel from Toledo and Murcia from Cordoba, then coordinated assault on Burgos, push east from Murcia towards Valencia.

But last turn I lost at Teruel and conquered Murcia. So Murcia is now mine (it was enemy, now mine). Wait, the report says [15] Murcia is mine. So I conquered it.

Now I need to decide on builds and movements.

Let me think about strategy:
- I need to capture more villages.
- Easy targets: Valencia (16) has only 1 knight, defense 3. It's connected to Murcia (mine) and Teruel (enemy), Castellon (enemy).
- Madrid (12) is strong with defense 23.
- Teruel (13) has defense 18.
- Burgos (14) has defense 20.

I should try to capture Valencia from Murcia. It's weak.
Also, I could try to attack Teruel again from Toledo, maybe with more force.
Or attack Burgos from Vigo.

Let me calculate attack power:
If I send all from Murcia to Valencia: 1 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight.
Attack power: spear 1, archer 4, knight 1. Most numerous: archer (4). So counter: archer counters spearman. But enemy has only 1 knight, no spearman? Wait, enemy garrison: 1 knight. So enemy has 1 knight, 0 spear, 0 archer. Most numerous type for enemy is knight (1). So counter matchup: my most numerous is archer, enemy's most numerous is knight. Knight counters archer? Wait, the counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer.
So if my most numerous is archer and enemy's is knight, then knight counters archer, meaning enemy gets the counter bonus? Or does the counter apply to the attacker? The rules say: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counts spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
So the counter is for the attacker. If attacker's most numerous counters defender's most numerous, attacker gets 1.5x. If defender's most numerous counters attacker's most numerous, does defender get a bonus? The rules say "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5" - it seems to apply to the side that has the counter. But it says "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't specify attacker or defender, but it says "your force" in the context of attacking. Let me re-read: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
I think it means if the attacker's most numerous type counters the defender's most numerous type, the attacker's force is multiplied by 1.5. If the defender's most numerous type counters the attacker's most numerous type, maybe the defender gets a bonus? But it says "your force" referring to the attacker. Actually, it might be that the counter applies to whichever side has the counter, but the description is from the attacker's perspective. Let me assume it's a general rule: if your most numerous type counters the opponent's most numerous type, your force is multiplied by 1.5. This applies to both attack and defense? The rules say "When you ATTACK... Counter triangle... Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So it's for the attacker. But what if the defender has the counter? The rules don't explicitly say, but logically it might apply to the defender too. However, the rules say "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So both sides have a most numerous type. If attacker's most numerous counters defender's most numerous, attacker gets 1.5x. If defender's most numerous counters attacker's most numerous, defender might get a bonus? But the rules don't mention defender bonus. Let me check the "Defending is easier" part: "defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle". That's separate from counter.

I'll assume the counter bonus applies to the side that has the counter, regardless of attack/defense. But the text says "your force" in the attack context. To be safe, I'll assume it applies to the attacker if the attacker has the counter, and maybe to the defender if the defender has the counter. But the rules don't specify defender counter bonus. Let me re-read carefully:

"=== COMBAT RULES ===
Each troop type has its own ATTACK and DEFENSE values (they are not equal):
  spearman: attack 1, defense 2, speed slow (costs 15 wood + 0 iron).
  archer: attack 2, defense 2, speed medium (costs 20 wood + 10 iron).
  knight: attack 4, defense 2, speed fast (costs 30 wood + 30 iron).
When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs.
Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5.
The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight).
Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital). In the open field (on a road) there is no bonus.
The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER.
The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."

So "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." This is stated in the context of attack, but it says "your force" which could mean the attacker's force. But it doesn't say what happens if the defender has the counter. Probably the defender doesn't get a counter bonus, or maybe they do? The phrase "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win)" suggests it's a bonus for having the counter. Since it's in the attack paragraph, it might be that only the attacker can get the counter bonus. But that seems odd. Let me think: in many games, the counter applies to both. However, the text says "When you ATTACK... Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It might be that the counter is only for the attacker. But then the defender's most numerous type is only used to determine if the attacker has the counter. If the defender's most numerous counters the attacker's most numerous, the attacker doesn't get the bonus. That makes sense.

So for attack: attacker's effective force = (sum of attacks of attacker's troops) * (1.5 if attacker's most numerous type counters defender's most numerous type, else 1).
Defender's effective force = (sum of defenses of defender's troops) * (location bonus: 1.25 for village, 1.5 for castle, 1 for open field). The defender does not get a counter bonus according to this reading.

But wait, the report says: "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again." So for defense, the number given (e.g., 23 for Madrid) is already the effective defense including location bonus. So I just compare my attack power to that number.

But what about the counter? The counter multiplies my force by 1.5. So my effective attack = (sum of attacks) * (1.5 if counter, else 1).

Let me test with an example. If I attack Madrid from Toledo. Madrid defense 23. Toledo has 2 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight. Attack sum: spear 2*1=2, archer 4*2=8, knight 2*4=8, total 18. Most numerous: archer (4). Madrid most numerous: spearman (3)? Wait, Madrid garrison: 3 spearmen, 4 archers, 2 knights. Most numerous is archer (4). So my most numerous is archer, enemy most numerous is archer. No counter (ties break in order spearman, archer, knight, but they are equal? Actually, ties break in the order spearman, archer, knight. So if both have same count, the one with the higher in the order? That doesn't make sense. "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight" probably means if two types have the same count, the one earlier in the order is considered most numerous. So for Madrid, archer and spearman? No, archer count 4, spearman 3, so archer is most numerous. For me, archer 4, knight 2, spearman 2, so archer is most numerous. So both are archer. No counter bonus. My attack = 18. Defense = 23. I lose.

If I send all from Badajoz to Madrid: Badajoz has 0 spear, 6 archer, 5 knight. Attack: 6*2 + 5*4 = 12+20=32. Most numerous: archer (6) vs Madrid archer (4). No counter. Attack 32 > defense 23, so I win? But Badajoz is 1 slow turn from Toledo? Actually, road from Badajoz to Madrid: Badajoz [4] connects to [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. Madrid is [12], connected to [7], [8], [14], [17]. So from Badajoz to Madrid, I need to go through Toledo [8] or Salamanca [7]. The march distance from Badajoz to Madrid is not given directly. The report gives march distances from my villages to nearest border village. For Badajoz, it says "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So Badajoz to Toledo is 1 turn for all speeds. Then Toledo to Madrid is 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn. So total 2 turns for slow, 2 for medium, 2 for fast. But if I send from Badajoz to Madrid, they will march to Toledo first? Actually, the rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So if I send from Badajoz to Madrid, they will pass through Toledo? Toledo is mine, so they won't stop there. They'll go to Madrid. But the path: Badajoz to Toledo (mine), then Toledo to Madrid (enemy). So they'll fight at Madrid. The travel time: from Badajoz to Madrid via Toledo. The report gives distances from each village to border villages. For Badajoz to Toledo: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. For Toledo to Madrid: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So total 2 slow, 2 medium, 2 fast. But the army marches at the speed of the slowest troop. If I send only knights (fast), it takes 2 fast turns. If mixed, slowest determines.

But wait, the report says "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means the distance from Badajoz to Toledo is 1 turn for slow troops, 1 for medium, 1 for fast. So it's 1 turn regardless of speed? That seems odd. Probably the numbers mean: it takes 1 turn for slow troops, 1 for medium, 1 for fast. So all take 1 turn. Then Toledo to Madrid: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So total 2 turns for any speed? That can't be right. Let me check other villages. Lisboa to Salamanca: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. So slow takes 3 turns, medium 2, fast 1. So the numbers are different. For Badajoz to Toledo: 1/1/1 means it's 1 turn for all? That would mean the distance is very short, or the road is such that even slow troops can do it in 1 turn. Possibly it's 1 hex or something. So Badajoz to Toledo is 1 turn for all. Toledo to Madrid is 1/1/1. So total 2 turns for all. But if I send from Badajoz directly to Madrid, the army will travel Badajoz -> Toledo -> Madrid. Since Toledo is mine, they don't stop. The total time is the sum of the two segments: 1 + 1 = 2 turns for all speeds. So they arrive in 2 turns.

But the report gives march distances from each village to the nearest border village. For Badajoz, the nearest border village is Toledo. So from Badajoz to Madrid, it's 2 turns.

Now, for attacking Valencia (16) from Murcia (15). Murcia to Valencia: "march from [15] Murcia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So 1 turn for all. Valencia defense is 3 (effective defense included location bonus). Enemy garrison: 1 knight. So defense 3? Wait, effective defense 3 for a village with 1 knight? Knight has defense 2. In a village, defense x1.25, so 2 * 1.25 = 2.5, rounded? Maybe 3. So effective defense 3.

If I send from Murcia: 1 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight. Attack: spear 1, archer 8, knight 4 = 13. Most numerous: archer (4). Enemy most numerous: knight (1). Does archer counter knight? No, knight counters archer. So no counter bonus for me. Attack 13 vs defense 3. I win easily.

But wait, the enemy might have reinforcements? The report says "A reinforcement of King B (2 spearmen, 1 knight) arrived at [13] Teruel" and "A reinforcement of King B (2 knights) arrived at [13] Teruel" and "A reinforcement of King B (1 archer) arrived at [14] Burgos". So they are reinforcing. But Valencia is not mentioned as receiving reinforcements. However, the enemy writes orders simultaneously, so they might send reinforcements to Valencia this turn. But I can still attack it.

I should also consider building troops. My villages produce resources. I need to build more troops to replace losses and grow.

Let me check resources and builds:
Each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn.
Costs:
spearman: 15 wood + 0 iron
archer: 20 wood + 10 iron
knight: 30 wood + 30 iron

I need to check each village's wood and iron to see what they can build.

Village resources (wood, iron):
[0] Lisboa: 30 wood, 50 iron. Can build: spearman (15 wood) -> 2 max? Actually, 30 wood can build 2 spearmen (30 wood), but iron 50. Or archer: 20 wood + 10 iron. 30 wood can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 40 iron. Or knight: 30 wood + 30 iron. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 20 iron. But Lisboa has 4 troops at home (3 archer, 1 knight). Cap is 300, so can build more.
[1] Santarem: 50 wood, 50 iron. Can build: 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 3 spearmen (45 wood). Actually, 50 wood: 3 spearmen (45 wood) or 2 archers (40 wood) or 1 knight (30 wood). Iron 50: for knights need 30, for archers need 10 each.
[2] Evora: 30 wood, 40 iron. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 spearmen (30 wood).
[3] Coimbra: 60 wood, 50 iron. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 4 spearmen (60 wood).
[4] Badajoz: 30 wood, 40 iron. Can build 1 archer or 1 knight or 2 spearmen.
[5] Faro: 75 wood, 40 iron. Can build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron - not enough iron) or 1 knight + 1 archer (50 wood, 40 iron) or 5 spearmen (75 wood).
[6] Porto: 70 wood, 30 iron. Can build 2 knights? 60 wood, 60 iron - not enough iron. Can build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 2 archers? 30+40=70 wood, 30+20=50 iron - not enough. So 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 40 wood, 0 iron. Or 4 spearmen (60 wood).
[7] Salamanca: 40 wood, 90 iron. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 2 spearmen (30 wood). Iron is abundant.
[8] Toledo: 30 wood, 40 iron. Can build 1 archer or 1 knight or 2 spearmen.
[9] Sevilha: 50 wood, 30 iron. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 3 spearmen (45 wood).
[10] Vigo: 80 wood, 30 iron. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 2 archers? 30+40=70 wood, 30+20=50 iron - no. Can build 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron - no, iron 30). So 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 archer? 30+20=50 wood, 30+10=40 iron - no. So 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 5 spearmen (75 wood).
[11] Cordoba: 40 wood, 20 iron. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearmen (30 wood) or 1 knight? 30 wood, 30 iron - not enough iron.
[15] Murcia: 40 wood, 20 iron. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearmen (30 wood).

Now, what should I build? I need to rebuild my army. Last turn I lost some troops. I have 72 soldiers at home total. I need to capture more villages.

Strategy: I should focus on attacking weak enemy villages to increase my count. Valencia (16) is very weak (1 knight, defense 3). I can attack it from Murcia (15) with 1 turn march. I should send all available troops from Murcia to Valencia. That's 1 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight. Attack power 13 vs defense 3, easy win. But wait, the enemy might have sent reinforcements? The report says Valencia has 1 knight. If I attack and win, I conquer it. That would give me 14 villages.

Next, I could attack Teruel (13) again. It has 3 spear, 1 archer, 3 knight, defense 18. I can attack from Toledo (8) and maybe from other places. Toledo has 2 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight. Attack: 2+8+8=18. Most numerous: archer (4). Enemy most numerous: spearman (3)? Wait, enemy: 3 spear, 1 archer, 3 knight. Most numerous: spearman (3) and knight (3) tie. Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So spearman is considered most numerous. So enemy most numerous is spearman. My most numerous is archer. Archer counters spearman! So I get counter bonus: 1.5 * 18 = 27 effective attack. Defense 18. 27 > 18, I win! But wait, the defense 18 is effective defense including location bonus. So my 27 attack should beat 18 defense. But I need to consider that the enemy might have received reinforcements. Last turn, they sent reinforcements to Teruel: 2 spearmen, 1 knight and 2 knights, so total 2 spear, 3 knight added? Actually, "A reinforcement of King B (2 spearmen, 1 knight) arrived at [13] Teruel" and "A reinforcement of King B (2 knights) arrived at [13] Teruel". So that's 2 spear, 3 knight added. So Teruel now has 3+2=5 spear, 1 archer, 3+3=6 knight? Wait, original was 3 spear, 1 archer, 3 knight. After reinforcements: 5 spear, 1 archer, 6 knight. Most numerous: knight (6). My most numerous: archer (4). Knight counters archer, so no counter bonus for me. Attack 18 vs defense? Defense would be higher now. The report says effective defense 18 (was 8, 5 turns ago). But that was before reinforcements? The report numbers are from turn 19. The reinforcements arrived last turn (turn 18?), so the current garrison might be larger. But the report says "garrison: 3 spearmen, 1 archer, 3 knights" for Teruel. That might be the current state, and the reinforcements are already included? The "last turn" says reinforcements arrived at Teruel, but the current garrison listed is 3 spear, 1 archer, 3 knight. So maybe the reinforcements were the ones that made it 3/1/3? Or maybe the report shows the state before the reinforcements? The report says "These numbers are from TURN 19." and "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" includes the reinforcements. So the reinforcements arrived last turn, so the current garrison should include them. But the listed garrison for Teruel is 3 spear, 1 archer, 3 knight. That might be after reinforcements. Let's assume the listed garrisons are current.

So Teruel: 3 spear, 1 archer, 3 knight. Most numerous: spearman and knight tie at 3. Tie breaks spearman first. So most numerous is spearman. My most numerous from Toledo is archer (4). Archer counters spearman, so I get 1.5x. Attack 18 * 1.5 = 27. Defense 18. I win.

But wait, I need to consider that the enemy might send reinforcements this turn. Since orders are simultaneous, I don't know what they will do. But I can still attack.

However, I also have other villages that could attack Teruel. For example, Badajoz to Toledo to Teruel? Badajoz to Toledo is 1 turn, Toledo to Teruel is 1 turn, so 2 turns total. But if I send from Badajoz, they will pass through Toledo (mine) and then to Teruel. But they would arrive in 2 turns, while from Toledo it's 1 turn. So I should send from Toledo for a quicker attack.

Also, I could attack Madrid from Toledo or Salamanca. Madrid has 3 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight, defense 23. From Toledo: attack 18 (2 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight). Most numerous: archer (4). Enemy most numerous: archer (4). No counter. 18 vs 23, I lose. From Salamanca: only 1 knight, attack 4. No chance.

So Madrid is too strong for now.

What about Burgos (14)? Garrison: 6 archer, 2 knight, defense 20. From Vigo (10): Vigo has 0 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight. Attack: 8+8=16. Most numerous: archer (4). Enemy most numerous: archer (6). No counter. 16 vs 20, lose. From Porto (6) to Vigo to Burgos? Porto to Vigo is 1 turn? Porto [6] connects to [3], [7], [10]. Vigo is [10]. So Porto to Vigo is 1 turn. Then Vigo to Burgos is 1 turn. So 2 turns. Porto has 0 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight. Attack: 4+12=16. Most numerous: knight (3) vs archer (6). Knight counters archer? No, knight counters archer? Wait, the triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. So knight counters archer. So if my most numerous is knight and enemy most numerous is archer, then knight counters archer, so I get counter bonus! 1.5 * 16 = 24. Defense 20. 24 > 20, I win! But wait, the enemy most numerous is archer (6), my most numerous is knight (3). Knight counters archer, so I have the counter. My effective attack = 16 * 1.5 = 24. Defense 20. I win. But I need to check if the defense 20 includes location bonus. Yes, effective defense is 20. So 24 > 20, I win. However, the march from Porto to Burgos takes 2 turns (Porto -> Vigo -> Burgos). During those 2 turns, the enemy might reinforce Burgos. But I can still try.

But wait, I also have Vigo itself. If I send from Vigo, attack 16, no counter, lose. If I send from Porto, it takes 2 turns. But I could send from both? The rules say: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So I can send from multiple villages, but they fight separately. So if I send from Vigo and Porto, they would arrive at different times? Actually, if I send from Vigo (1 turn) and Porto (2 turns), they arrive on different turns. So the first arrival fights alone, then the second arrival fights alone. So I could send from Vigo first (arrives turn 20), then from Porto (arrives turn 21). But the enemy might reinforce in between.

Alternatively, I could send from Porto to Vigo to reinforce Vigo, then from Vigo to Burgos. But that's slower.

Let me think about the overall plan. I need 5 more villages. Valencia is the easiest. Then maybe Teruel. Then I could try to capture Zaragoza (17) which is last seen with 8 spearmen, 9 archers, 7 knights. That's a big force. Or Castellon (18) with 5 knights. Or Pamplona (19) with 4 archers. Or Huesca (20) with 1 knight. Or Tarragona (21) with 7 spearmen, 2 archers, 8 knights.

I should focus on the weak ones: Valencia (1 knight), Huesca (1 knight), Pamplona (4 archers). But Huesca and Pamplona are far. Valencia is close.

Also, I need to consider that the enemy capital Barcelona (22) is unexplored, but I don't need to take it to win.

My plan for the next several turns:
1. Attack Valencia from Murcia this turn. Send all troops from Murcia (1 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight) to Valencia. This should be an easy win, giving me 14 villages.
2. Build troops in my villages to replenish and grow. I need to build archers and knights mainly, since spearman are cheap but weak.
3. Next turn, attack Teruel from Toledo with all troops. I calculated I can win if the garrison is as listed. But I need to be careful about enemy reinforcements. Maybe I should also send reinforcements to Toledo from nearby villages to ensure victory.
4. Also, I could attack Burgos from Porto with knights to get the counter bonus.

But I need to write orders for this turn. I can build and move.

Let me decide on builds:
I have many villages with wood and iron. I should build troops where I can.
- Faro (5): 75 wood, 40 iron. Can build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 1 knight + 1 archer? 30+20=50 wood, 30+10=40 iron. That uses 50 wood, 40 iron. Leaves 25 wood. Or 2 knights? 60 wood, 60 iron - not enough iron. So 3 archers is good, or 1 knight + 1 archer. I'll build 3 archers to increase archer count.
- Porto (6): 70 wood, 30 iron. Can build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). I'll build 3 archers.
- Vigo (10): 80 wood, 30 iron. Can build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). I'll build 3 archers.
- Salamanca (7): 40 wood, 90 iron. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). I'll build 1 knight to have a fast troop.
- Badajoz (4): 30 wood, 40 iron. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). I'll build 1 knight.
- Lisboa (0): 30 wood, 50 iron. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). I'll build 1 knight.
- Santarem (1): 50 wood, 50 iron. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). I'll build 1 knight.
- Evora (2): 30 wood, 40 iron. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer. I'll build 1 knight.
- Coimbra (3): 60 wood, 50 iron. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). I'll build 2 archers.
- Toledo (8): 30 wood, 40 iron. Can build 1 knight or 1 archer. I'll build 1 archer to support the attack on Teruel.
- Cordoba (11): 40 wood, 20 iron. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearmen. I'll build 1 archer.
- Murcia (15): 40 wood, 20 iron. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). I'll build 1 archer, but I'm sending all troops away, so it might be better to build to reinforce later. But since I'm sending all, I'll build anyway.
- Sevilha (9): 50 wood, 30 iron. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 archers. I'll build 1 knight.

But I need to be careful: building takes 1 turn, and the troops are ready next turn. So if I build this turn, they will be available next turn for movement.

Now, movements:
I want to attack Valencia from Murcia. Send all available from Murcia: 1 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight. That's 6 troops. Attack power 13 vs defense 3, should win.

I also want to attack Teruel from Toledo. But if I send all from Toledo, I leave Toledo undefended? Toledo is my village, but it's a border village. If I send all troops away, the enemy could attack Toledo and take it back. But the enemy might not have enough troops nearby. However, it's risky. I could send only part of Toledo's troops, leaving some for defense. But I need to win the attack. Let's calculate: if I send 2 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight from Toledo, attack 27 with counter (if enemy most numerous is spearman). But if enemy has reinforcements, it might change. I could send all except maybe 1 archer? But I need maximum force. Alternatively, I could send reinforcements from nearby villages to Toledo first, but they would take 1 turn to arrive, and then I'd need to wait another turn to attack. That's slower.

Maybe I should send from Toledo to Teruel with all troops, and also send from Badajoz to Toledo to reinforce Toledo after I leave? But Badajoz to Toledo is 1 turn, so they'd arrive next turn, but by then my troops from Toledo would have already reached Teruel (1 turn). So Toledo would be empty for 1 turn. If the enemy attacks Toledo next turn, they might take it. But the enemy would need to have troops near Toledo. Madrid is near Toledo, but Madrid has 3 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight. If they attack Toledo from Madrid, it's 1 turn. Toledo's defense if empty? The village defense is based on troops at home. If I send all troops, defense would be just the village base defense? Actually, effective defense includes location bonus and troops. If no troops, defense might be low. But the report says effective defense for Toledo is 20 with 8 troops. If I send all, defense drops. So it's risky.

I could send only part of Toledo's troops. For example, send 2 spear, 2 archer, 2 knight (attack: 2+4+8=14, most numerous: spearman and archer tie? 2 each, tie breaks spearman. So most numerous spearman. Enemy most numerous spearman (3). Spearman counters spearman? No, spearman counters knight. So no counter. Attack 14 vs defense 18, lose. So I need the counter. To get counter, my most numerous must be archer (since enemy most numerous is spearman). So I need more archers than spearmen and knights. Toledo has 4 archer, 2 spear, 2 knight. If I send all, most numerous is archer (4). That gives counter. If I send 2 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight, most numerous archer (4), attack: 2+8+4=14, with counter 21 > 18, win. But I leave 1 knight behind. That might be okay.

But I also have other villages that could attack Teruel. For example, Badajoz to Teruel? Badajoz to Toledo (1 turn), Toledo to Teruel (1 turn) = 2 turns. If I send from Badajoz, they arrive in 2 turns. I could send from Badajoz and from Toledo simultaneously. They would arrive on different turns? From Toledo: 1 turn, arrives turn 20. From Badajoz: 2 turns, arrives turn 21. So they fight separately. The first fight (turn 20) would be Toledo vs Teruel. If I win, I conquer Teruel? Wait, if I attack and win, I conquer the village. So if Toledo attacks Teruel and wins, Teruel becomes mine. Then when Badajoz arrives, Teruel is mine, so they join the garrison. That could work. But if I lose the first attack, Badajoz's troops would fight a reinforced enemy.

Alternatively, I could send from Coimbra to Salamanca to Madrid? No, that's not helpful.

Let me think about the overall campaign. I need 5 more villages. Valencia is one. Then I need 4 more. Teruel is a candidate. Burgos is a candidate. After that, I could go for Zaragoza, Castellon, etc.

I should also consider that the enemy might attack my border villages. Salamanca borders Madrid. If the enemy attacks from Madrid to Salamanca, they could take it. Salamanca has only 1 knight. Defense is low (effective defense 3? Wait, Salamanca effective defense is 3? The report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 3" for Salamanca. That's very low. With 1 knight, defense 2 * 1.25 = 2.5, rounded to 3? So it's weak. If the enemy attacks from Madrid, they have 3 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight. Attack: 3+8+8=19. Most numerous archer (4). My most numerous knight (1). Knight counters archer? No, archer counters spearman? Wait, enemy most numerous archer, my most numerous knight. Knight counters archer, so I might get counter? But I'm defender. The rules say counter multiplies "your force" when you attack. As defender, do I get counter? The rules don't specify defender counter. So probably not. So my defense is just the effective defense 3. Enemy attack 19, I lose. So Salamanca is vulnerable. I should reinforce it or send troops away to avoid loss? But if I send troops away, the village still exists, just without troops. The enemy could conquer it if they attack and win. But if I send troops to Salamanca from somewhere, I can increase its defense.

Actually, Salamanca has 1 knight. I could send troops from Coimbra or Porto to Salamanca to reinforce it. Coimbra to Salamanca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So 1 fast turn. Porto to Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So 1 turn. I could send from Porto to Salamanca to reinforce. Porto has 0 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight. If I send 2 archer, 3 knight to Salamanca, they arrive in 1 turn. Then Salamanca would have more troops. But then Porto would be empty. Vigo borders Porto? No, Vigo is connected to Porto? Road: Porto [6] connects to [3], [7], [10]. Vigo is [10]. So Porto to Vigo is 1 turn. If I empty Porto, Vigo might be attacked? But Vigo is also a border village with Burgos. It's complicated.

Maybe I should focus on offense and accept that some villages might fall. But I need to hold 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns to win. If I lose some, I might not reach 18.

Let me count my current villages: 13. If I take Valencia, that's 14. If I take Teruel, 15. If I take Burgos, 16. Then I need 2 more. But I might lose some in the process.

Alternatively, I could try to capture multiple villages quickly. The enemy seems to have many villages but some are weak.

Let me check the enemy's last actions: they conquered Madrid (which was already enemy? Actually, "King B attacked [12] Madrid: VICTORY, conquered" - maybe Madrid was previously mine? The report says Madrid is enemy, but the "last turn" says King B conquered it. So maybe I had Madrid before? The note says "you attacked here 2x in the last 8 turns (1 conquered)" meaning I conquered it once. So it changed hands. So Madrid is currently enemy. They also sent reinforcements to Teruel and Burgos.

So the enemy is active. They might attack my border villages this turn.

I need to decide on a strategy. I'll go with:
- Attack Valencia from Murcia with all troops.
- Attack Teruel from Toledo with most troops, leaving 1 knight for defense? Or send all? Let's see if I can reinforce Toledo from somewhere to compensate.
- Build troops in many villages to grow my army.

Let me also consider the march distances. From Murcia to Valencia: 1 turn for all speeds. So I can send all troops, they arrive next turn.

From Toledo to Teruel: 1 turn for all speeds. So they arrive next turn.

If I send both attacks, they happen simultaneously. The enemy might try to defend both, but they might not have enough troops. They could send reinforcements from Madrid to Teruel or Valencia. Madrid to Teruel: Madrid [12] connects to [7], [8], [14], [17]. Teruel is [13], connected to [8], [16], [17], [18]. So Madrid to Teruel via Toledo? Madrid to Toledo is 1 turn (since Toledo is [8] and Madrid connects to [8]). So Madrid can send troops to Teruel in 1 turn via Toledo? Actually, Madrid to Teruel: road from Madrid to Toledo (mine), then Toledo to Teruel. But if they send from Madrid to Teruel, they would pass through Toledo? Toledo is mine, so they would stop at Toledo and fight there. So they can't pass through Toledo unless they conquer it first. So Madrid cannot directly reinforce Teruel without going through Toledo. They could go Madrid -> Salamanca -> ... no, that doesn't lead to Teruel. Madrid connects to Salamanca [7], Toledo [8], Burgos [14], Zaragoza [17]. Teruel connects to Toledo [8], Valencia [16], Zaragoza [17], Castellon [18]. So from Madrid to Teruel, the only road without passing through my territory is Madrid -> Zaragoza -> Teruel. That's 2 turns (Madrid to Zaragoza 1 turn, Zaragoza to Teruel 1 turn). Or Madrid -> Burgos -> Pamplona -> ... no, that doesn't go to Teruel. So Madrid cannot quickly reinforce Teruel. They could go Madrid -> Toledo, but that's my village, they'd have to fight there first. So Teruel is relatively safe from Madrid reinforcements.

What about Valencia? Valencia connects to Teruel [13], Murcia [15], Castellon [18]. Murcia is mine. So if the enemy wants to reinforce Valencia, they could come from Teruel or Castellon. Teruel is 1 turn from Valencia. So they could send from Teruel to Valencia. But Teruel has its own garrison. They might send some.

Also, the enemy could attack my villages. For example, from Madrid to Salamanca (1 turn). Salamanca is weak. From Madrid to Toledo (1 turn). Toledo has 8 troops. From Teruel to Toledo (1 turn). From Teruel to Murcia (1 turn) - but Murcia is mine, they could attack it. But Murcia is 1 turn from Teruel. If I send all from Murcia to Valencia, Murcia will be empty. Then Teruel could attack Murcia and take it. That would undo my conquest. So I need to be careful. If I send all from Murcia, I leave it empty. The enemy from Teruel could attack Murcia next turn (turn 20) and take it, since it would have no troops. But wait, the enemy writes orders simultaneously. They don't know I'm sending from Murcia. But they might decide to attack Murcia anyway. If they do, my troops from Murcia are already on the way to Valencia, so they wouldn't be there to defend. So Murcia could fall. That would be bad. I should leave some troops in Murcia for defense, or send reinforcements from Cordoba to Murcia.

Cordoba [11] connects to [8], [9], [15]. Murcia is [15]. So Cordoba to Murcia is 1 turn. Cordoba has 0 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight. I could send some from Cordoba to Murcia to reinforce it. But if I send all from Cordoba, then Cordoba is empty. But Cordoba is interior, no enemy border, so it's safe from direct attack. So I could send all from Cordoba to Murcia. That would give Murcia 2 archer, 3 knight, plus whatever I leave. But if I send from Cordoba to Murcia, they arrive in 1 turn. Meanwhile, I send from Murcia to Valencia. So Murcia would have incoming troops but also outgoing. The order of events: I send from Murcia to Valencia (they leave Murcia). Then I send from Cordoba to Murcia (they arrive). So at the end of the turn, Murcia has lost its original troops but gained Cordoba's troops. So it's not empty. That's good.

But wait, the rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if I send from Murcia to Valencia, and from Cordoba to Murcia, they are different sends. The Cordoba troops arrive at Murcia and join the garrison. They don't fight. So Murcia will have Cordoba's troops as garrison. That works.

So I can send from Murcia to Valencia (all troops), and from Cordoba to Murcia (all troops). Then Murcia is defended by Cordoba's troops. Valencia is attacked by Murcia's troops.

Now, what about Toledo? If I send all from Toledo to Teruel, Toledo becomes empty. Then Madrid or Teruel could attack Toledo. Madrid to Toledo is 1 turn. If the enemy attacks from Madrid to Toledo, they would take it. That would be bad. I should leave some troops in Toledo or send reinforcements from somewhere. Badajoz to Toledo is 1 turn. I could send from Badajoz to Toledo to reinforce. Badajoz has 0 spear, 6 archer, 5 knight. If I send some to Toledo, they arrive in 1 turn. But if I send all from Badajoz, Badajoz is empty. Badajoz is interior? It says "INTERIOR (no enemy border)" for Badajoz. So it's safe. So I could send all from Badajoz to Toledo. Then Toledo would have Badajoz's troops. But wait, if I send from Badajoz to Toledo, they arrive in 1 turn. Meanwhile, I send from Toledo to Teruel. So Toledo ends up with Badajoz's troops. That works.

But I also need to consider that the enemy might attack from Teruel to Toledo. If I send from Toledo to Teruel, and the enemy sends from Teruel to Toledo, they would meet on the road? The rule: "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there: head-on, or when one catches up with the other on the same stretch of road." So if both send troops on the same road in opposite directions, they meet and fight. In that case, my troops from Toledo to Teruel and enemy troops from Teruel to Toledo would meet on the road. That would be an open-field battle. My troops: from Toledo, I might send 2 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight (attack 18, most numerous archer). Enemy from Teruel: 3 spear, 1 archer, 3 knight (attack: 3+2+12=17, most numerous spearman? 3 spear, 3 knight tie, tie breaks spearman, so most numerous spearman). In open field, no location bonus. Both count attack. My attack 18, enemy attack 17. I win, but with losses. Then my troops continue to Teruel? Actually, the rule: "The losing army is destroyed entirely; the winner takes losses and keeps marching." So if I win, my troops continue to Teruel, but they took losses. So they'd arrive weaker. That could be bad. If I lose, my troops are destroyed, and enemy troops continue to Toledo and attack it. So it's risky.

Maybe I should not send from Toledo if the enemy might send from Teruel. But I don't know their orders. I could send a smaller force to distract, or I could send a large force to ensure victory on the road.

Alternatively, I could attack Teruel from Badajoz via Toledo? Badajoz to Toledo (1 turn), then Toledo to Teruel (1 turn). But if I send from Badajoz to Teruel, they would pass through Toledo. If Toledo has no troops, they just pass through. But if the enemy attacks Toledo, they might meet? It's complicated.

Let me simplify. I'll focus on the easy win: Valencia. I'll send all from Murcia to Valencia, and send reinforcements from Cordoba to Murcia to defend it. I'll also build troops in many places to grow my army for next turns.

For Teruel, I'll wait and see. Maybe I can attack it next turn after I see what the enemy does. But the game is simultaneous, so I can't wait. I have to give orders now.

I could send a small attack from Toledo to Teruel to distract, or send all and hope the enemy doesn't counterattack. But I think it's better to send all from Toledo to Teruel, and also send from Badajoz to Toledo to reinforce. That way, if the enemy attacks Toledo, they'll face Badajoz's troops. And if they meet on the road from Teruel to Toledo, my Toledo troops might be on the road already? Actually, if I send from Toledo to Teruel and from Badajoz to Toledo, the Badajoz troops arrive at Toledo next turn. The Toledo troops are on the road to Teruel. If the enemy sends from Teruel to Toledo, they would meet my Toledo troops on the road. So the battle happens on the road. If I win, my weakened troops continue to Teruel. If I lose, they're gone, and enemy troops continue to Toledo, where they'd find Badajoz's troops arriving? Actually, Badajoz troops arrive at Toledo next turn. The enemy would arrive at Toledo also next turn? If they meet on the road, the battle happens on the road, not at Toledo. The winner keeps marching. So if enemy wins on the road, they march to Toledo. Meanwhile, Badajoz troops are marching to Toledo, they might meet on the road? It's a mess.

Maybe I should not send from Toledo this turn. Instead, I'll build up Toledo's garrison by sending reinforcements from nearby villages, and then attack next turn. But I need to act quickly.

Let me check the enemy
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
########## TURNO 19 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3473 | resposta 5831 | raciocinio 5831 | finish content_filter | ms 82240
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B and provide a JSON response with build orders, movement orders, a plan, and a statement.

Let's analyze the current state:
- I am King B.
- I hold 11 of 24 villages. To win, I need to hold 18 (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.
- My villages:
  - [22] Barcelona: 11 troops (6 spear, 1 archer, 4 knight). Defense 33.
  - [21] Tarragona: 3 troops (2 spear, 0 archer, 1 knight). Defense 8.
  - [23] Girona: 9 troops (4 spear, 0 archer, 5 knight). Defense 23.
  - [18] Castellon: 7 troops (5 spear, 2 archer, 0 knight). Defense 18.
  - [17] Zaragoza: 27 troops (6 spear, 8 archer, 13 knight). Defense 68.
  - [20] Huesca: 5 troops (3 spear, 2 archer, 0 knight). Defense 13.
  - [16] Valencia: 1 troop (0 spear, 0 archer, 1 knight). Defense 3.
  - [13] Teruel: 7 troops (3 spear, 1 archer, 3 knight). Defense 18.
  - [12] Madrid: 9 troops (3 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight). Defense 23.
  - [19] Pamplona: 2 troops (1 spear, 0 archer, 1 knight). Defense 5.
  - [14] Burgos: 8 troops (0 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight). Defense 20.

- Enemy villages I can see:
  - [15] Murcia (King A): 1 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight. Defense 15. March from [16] Valencia: 1 fast turn.
  - [7] Salamanca (King A): 1 knight. Defense 3. March from [12] Madrid: 1 fast turn.
  - [8] Toledo (King A): 2 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight. Defense 20. March from [13] Teruel: 1 fast turn.
  - [10] Vigo (King A): 4 archer, 2 knight. Defense 15. March from [14] Burgos: 1 fast turn.

- Known from before:
  - [11] Cordoba: enemy, last seen 2 spear, 7 archer, 2 knight.
  - [4] Badajoz: enemy, last seen 6 archer.
  - [6] Porto: enemy, last seen 2 archer, 2 knight.

- Unexplored:
  - [3] Coimbra, [9] Sevilha, [5] Faro, [1] Santarem, [0] Lisboa (enemy capital), [2] Evora.

Let's look at the economy and resources:
- Each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn.
- Costs: spearman (15 wood, 0 iron), archer (20 wood, 10 iron), knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Cap per village: 300 troops.

Let's check resources for my villages:
- [22] Barcelona: wood 35, iron 30. Can build:
  - spearman: 35/15 = 2 (cost 30 wood, 0 iron)
  - archer: 35/20 = 1 (cost 20 wood, 10 iron)
  - knight: 35/30 = 1 (cost 30 wood, 30 iron)
  Let's see what is best. I have 6 spear, 1 archer, 4 knight at home.
- [21] Tarragona: wood 35, iron 20.
- [23] Girona: wood 35, iron 20.
- [18] Castellon: wood 35, iron 30.
- [17] Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 20.
- [20] Huesca: wood 30, iron 20.
- [16] Valencia: wood 30, iron 40.
- [13] Teruel: wood 30, iron 20.
- [12] Madrid: wood 70, iron 40. Can build many troops!
  - spearman: 70/15 = 4 (cost 60 wood)
  - archer: 70/20 = 3 (cost 60 wood, 30 iron)
  - knight: 70/30 = 2 (cost 60 wood, 60 iron - but only 40 iron, so max 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron))
  Let's build in Madrid: it has 70 wood, 40 iron.
  - 4 spearman (60 wood, 0 iron) -> leaves 10 wood, 40 iron.
  - 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron) -> leaves 10 wood, 20 iron.
  - 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> not enough wood if we did 4 spear and 2 archer.
  Let's optimize Madrid builds:
  - 3 archer (60 wood, 30 iron) + 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 90 wood (too much).
  - 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron) + 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 70 wood, 50 iron (too much iron).
  - 4 spearman (60 wood, 0 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 80 wood (too much).
  - 3 spearman (45 wood) + 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron) -> 85 wood.
  - 2 spearman (30 wood) + 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron) -> 70 wood, 20 iron. Leaves 0 wood, 20 iron. Can we build more? No wood left.
  - 1 spearman (15 wood) + 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron) -> 55 wood, 20 iron. Leaves 15 wood, 20 iron. Can build 1 more spearman (15 wood) -> 3 spearman, 2 archer (70 wood, 20 iron).
  - Let's build 3 spearman and 2 archer in Madrid. Or 4 spearman and 1 archer (60+20=80 wood - too much).
  Wait, Madrid has 70 wood, 40 iron.
  Can build:
  - 4 spearman (60 wood, 0 iron) -> leaves 10 wood, 40 iron.
  - 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> leaves 10 wood, 30 iron (not enough wood for another archer).
  So 4 spearman, 1 archer is 80 wood (too much).
  What about 3 spearman (45 wood) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 65 wood, 10 iron. Leaves 5 wood, 30 iron.
  What about 2 spearman (30 wood) + 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron) = 70 wood, 20 iron. Leaves 0 wood, 20 iron. This is good!
  What about 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron) = 70 wood, 50 iron (too much iron).
  What about 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 65 wood, 40 iron. Leaves 5 wood, 0 iron. This is also good!
  Let's build 1 knight, 1 archer, 1 spearman in Madrid.
  Wait, let's look at the overall strategy.

My goal is to hold 18 villages or eliminate the enemy.
Currently I have 11. I need 7 more.
The enemy has: [15] Murcia, [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [10] Vigo, [11] Cordoba, [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto, and the capital [0] Lisboa, plus [1] Santarem, [2] Evora, [3] Coimbra, [5] Faro, [9] Sevilha. Total enemy villages: 13.
If I conquer all enemy villages, I win.
Let's look at the borders:
- [16] Valencia borders [15] Murcia.
- [13] Teruel borders [8] Toledo.
- [12] Madrid borders [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo.
- [14] Burgos borders [10] Vigo.

Let's look at the enemy's strength:
- [15] Murcia: 1 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight. Defense 15.
- [7] Salamanca: 1 knight. Defense 3. Very weak!
- [8] Toledo: 2 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight. Defense 20.
- [10] Vigo: 4 archer, 2 knight. Defense 15.

I have strong armies in:
- [17] Zaragoza: 27 troops (6 spear, 8 archer, 13 knight). Attack power 74. Can reach [12] Madrid in 1 turn, or [13] Teruel in 1 turn.
- [12] Madrid: 9 troops (3 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight). Attack power 19.
- [13] Teruel: 7 troops (3 spear, 1 archer, 3 knight). Attack power 17.
- [14] Burgos: 8 troops (0 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight). Attack power 20.
- [22] Barcelona: 11 troops (6 spear, 1 archer, 4 knight). Attack power 24.
- [23] Girona: 9 troops (4 spear, 0 archer, 5 knight). Attack power 24.

Let's plan attacks.
[7] Salamanca has only 1 knight, defense 3. It is very close to [12] Madrid (1 turn).
I can attack [7] Salamanca from [12] Madrid.
Madrid has 3 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight. If I send all, attack power is 3*1 + 4*2 + 2*4 = 3 + 8 + 8 = 19.
Defense of Salamanca is 3. It's a village, so defense is x1.25? Wait, the report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 3". So I use 3 directly.
Wait, combat rules: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs."
So my attack power is 19. Enemy defense is 3. I will win easily.
But wait, if I attack Salamanca, I need to send troops from Madrid. Madrid will be left with 0 troops.
Is that okay? Madrid is my village, if I leave it empty, it's vulnerable. But the enemy might not attack it immediately.
Actually, I can send troops from Zaragoza to Madrid, and then from Madrid to Salamanca? No, orders are simultaneous. Troops from Zaragoza will take 1 turn to reach Madrid, and then another turn to reach Salamanca. But I can order Zaragoza to Madrid, and Madrid to Salamanca. But the troops from Madrid will fight Salamanca now, while Zaragoza troops are marching to Madrid.
Wait, "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So if I send from Madrid to Salamanca, and from Zaragoza to Salamanca? Zaragoza to Salamanca is not a direct road. Road network: Zaragoza -> Madrid -> Salamanca. So Zaragoza to Salamanca takes 2 turns.
If I send from Madrid to Salamanca, it takes 1 turn.
Let's look at the march distances:
- [12] Madrid to [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [17] Zaragoza to [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [13] Teruel to [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [14] Burgos to [10] Vigo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [16] Valencia to [15] Murcia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

Let's check the enemy's last turn actions:
- King A attacked [13] Teruel: DEFEAT.
- King A attacked [15] Murcia: VICTORY, conquered. (Wait, [15] Murcia was mine or enemy? "King A attacked [15] Murcia: VICTORY, conquered" - but [15] is listed as ENEMY (King A) in my list. Ah, maybe it was neutral or another king's? The report says "[15] Murcia | ENEMY (King A)". So King A conquered it, meaning it was probably neutral or belonged to someone else, now it's King A's).
- King A attacked [12] Madrid: DEFEAT.
So King A attacked Madrid and Teruel but was defeated. This means my defenses in Madrid (23) and Teruel (18) held.

Let's think about which village to attack next.
[7] Salamanca has defense 3, garrison 1 knight. It's very weak.
[10] Vigo has defense 15, garrison 4 archer, 2 knight.
[8] Toledo has defense 20, garrison 2 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight.
[15] Murcia has defense 15, garrison 1 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight.

If I attack [7] Salamanca from [12] Madrid:
Send 3 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight from Madrid to Salamanca.
Attack power: 3*1 + 4*2 + 2*4 = 19. Defense 3. Victory is almost certain.
But Madrid will be empty. I should reinforce Madrid from Zaragoza.
Zaragoza has 6 spear, 8 archer, 13 knight. I can send some to Madrid.
Let's send 3 spear, 4 archer, 5 knight from Zaragoza to Madrid.
This will take 1 turn. During this turn, Madrid is empty but the troops from Zaragoza will arrive at the end of the turn (next turn).
Wait, if Madrid is empty, can the enemy attack it? Yes, but they didn't last turn (they attacked and lost). If they attack Madrid this turn, they will fight the empty village? No, if a village has 0 troops, it is conquered without a fight. So I must ensure Madrid is not attacked, or at least if it is, the enemy has to march there.
Who can attack Madrid?
Roads to Madrid: [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos (mine), [17] Zaragoza (mine).
So enemy can attack from [7] Salamanca or [8] Toledo.
If I attack [7] Salamanca from Madrid, the troops leave Madrid and arrive at Salamanca. During the march, they are on the road. If the enemy attacks Madrid from Salamanca, they would meet my marching troops on the road? "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there". But my troops are marching FROM Madrid TO Salamanca. The enemy would be marching FROM Salamanca TO Madrid. They would meet on the road between Madrid and Salamanca.
If they meet on the road, it's an open field battle. My troops (19 attack) vs enemy troops (whatever is in Salamanca, currently 1 knight = 4 attack). My troops would win and continue to Salamanca, or the enemy would be destroyed.
Actually, if I send all troops from Madrid, Madrid is empty. But the enemy doesn't know I sent them until they arrive. The enemy writes orders simultaneously.
If the enemy orders an attack on Madrid from Salamanca, and I order an attack on Salamanca from Madrid, our armies will meet on the road.
Let's calculate: my army (3 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight) vs enemy army (1 knight).
On the road, no location bonus. Attack vs Attack.
My attack: 3*1 + 4*2 + 2*4 = 19.
Enemy attack: 1*4 = 4.
I win easily. My army takes losses but continues to Salamanca.
So attacking Salamanca is very safe.

What about [8] Toledo? It has 2 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight. Defense 20.
I can attack Toledo from [13] Teruel or [12] Madrid.
Teruel has 3 spear, 1 archer, 3 knight. Attack power: 3*1 + 1*2 + 3*4 = 17. Defense 20. I would lose.
So I need to reinforce Teruel first.
Teruel can be reinforced from [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon.
Valencia has only 1 knight. Castellon has 5 spear, 2 archer. Zaragoza has 27 troops.
Let's send troops from Zaragoza to Teruel.
Zaragoza to Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Send 4 spear, 4 archer, 4 knight from Zaragoza to Teruel.
Then next turn, Teruel will have 7 + 13 = 20 troops, and I can attack Toledo.

What about [10] Vigo? Defense 15, 4 archer, 2 knight.
I can attack from [14] Burgos.
Burgos has 0 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight. Attack power: 6*2 + 2*4 = 12 + 8 = 20. Defense 15.
If I send all from Burgos, attack 20 vs defense 15. I should win.
But Burgos will be left with 0 troops. Burgos borders [10] Vigo, [12] Madrid, [19] Pamplona (mine).
I can reinforce Burgos from Pamplona or Madrid.
Pamplona has 1 spear, 1 knight. Madrid has 9 troops.
Let's send troops from Madrid to Burgos? Madrid to Burgos: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Or from Pamplona to Burgos: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Pamplona has only 2 troops. Madrid has 9.
If I attack Vigo from Burgos, I should reinforce Burgos from Madrid or Pamplona.
But if I attack Salamanca from Madrid, Madrid will be empty. So maybe I should reinforce Madrid from Zaragoza, and then Madrid can reinforce Burgos? No, simultaneous orders.
Let's focus on one front at a time.
Salamanca is the weakest (defense 3). Let's take it.
To take Salamanca:
- Attack from Madrid: send 3 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight to [7] Salamanca.
- Reinforce Madrid from Zaragoza: send 3 spear, 4 archer, 5 knight to [12] Madrid.
- Reinforce Teruel from Zaragoza/Castellon/Valencia to prepare for Toledo.
Let's check Zaragoza's capacity. Zaragoza has 27 troops. Cap is 300. So it can send many.
Zaragoza has 6 spear, 8 archer, 13 knight.
If I send 3 spear, 4 archer, 5 knight to Madrid, Zaragoza has 3 spear, 4 archer, 8 knight left.
I can also send some to Teruel. Let's send 2 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight to Teruel.
Total sent from Zaragoza: 5 spear, 6 archer, 8 knight. Leaves 1 spear, 2 archer, 5 knight in Zaragoza. That's fine.

Let's check the build orders.
I need to build troops to replace losses and grow my army.
My villages have resources:
- [12] Madrid: wood 70, iron 40.
  Can build: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron), 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron), 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron). Total: 65 wood, 40 iron. Leaves 5 wood, 0 iron.
  Or 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron), 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron). Total: 70 wood, 20 iron. Leaves 0 wood, 20 iron.
  Let's build 2 archer, 2 spearman in Madrid. This uses 70 wood, 20 iron.
- [17] Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 20.
  Can build: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron), 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) -> 35 wood (too much).
  Can build: 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron) -> leaves 0 wood, 20 iron.
  Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> not enough iron.
  Let's build 2 spearman in Zaragoza.
- [14] Burgos: wood 40, iron 90.
  Can build: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron), 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 50 wood (too much).
  Can build: 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron) -> leaves 0 wood, 70 iron.
  Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) -> 45 wood (too much).
  Let's build 2 archer in Burgos.
- [22] Barcelona: wood 35, iron 30.
  Can build: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> leaves 5 wood, 0 iron.
  Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) -> 35 wood, 10 iron. Leaves 0 wood, 20 iron.
  Let's build 1 archer, 1 spearman in Barcelona.
- [16] Valencia: wood 30, iron 40.
  Can build: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> leaves 0 wood, 10 iron.
  Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) -> 35 wood (too much).
  Let's build 1 knight in Valencia.
- [13] Teruel: wood 30, iron 20.
  Can build: 2 spearman (30 wood) -> leaves 0 wood, 20 iron.
  Let's build 2 spearman in Teruel.
- [18] Castellon: wood 35, iron 30.
  Can build: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> leaves 5 wood, 0 iron.
  Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) -> 35 wood, 10 iron. Leaves 0 wood, 20 iron.
  Let's build 1 archer, 1 spearman in Castellon.
- [23] Girona: wood 35, iron 20.
  Can build: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) -> 35 wood, 10 iron. Leaves 0 wood, 10 iron.
  Let's build 1 archer, 1 spearman in Girona.
- [21] Tarragona: wood 35, iron 20.
  Can build: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) -> 35 wood, 10 iron. Leaves 0 wood, 10 iron.
  Let's build 1 archer, 1 spearman in Tarragona.
- [20] Huesca: wood 30, iron 20.
  Can build: 2 spearman (30 wood) -> leaves 0 wood, 20 iron.
  Let's build 2 spearman in Huesca.
- [19] Pamplona: wood 40, iron 20.
  Can build: 2 spearman (30 wood) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 50 wood (too much).
  Can build: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) -> 35 wood, 10 iron. Leaves 5 wood, 10 iron.
  Let's build 1 archer, 1 spearman in Pamplona.

Let's review the build orders to make sure they are valid and optimal.
I want to focus on producing troops to replace losses and prepare for attacks.
My main attack targets are Salamanca (from Madrid), Toledo (from Teruel), Vigo (from Burgos), Murcia (from Valencia).
Since Salamanca is the weakest, let's prioritize Madrid and Zaragoza.
Madrid: build 2 archer, 2 spearman. (Cost: 40 wood + 30 wood = 70 wood, 20 iron + 0 iron = 20 iron). Madrid has 70 wood, 40 iron. Valid.
Zaragoza: build 2 spearman. (Cost: 30 wood). Zaragoza has 30 wood, 20 iron. Valid.
Burgos: build 2 archer. (Cost: 40 wood, 20 iron). Burgos has 40 wood, 90 iron. Valid.
Barcelona: build 1 archer, 1 spearman. (Cost: 20 wood + 15 wood = 35 wood, 10 iron). Barcelona has 35 wood, 30 iron. Valid.
Valencia: build 1 knight. (Cost: 30 wood, 30 iron). Valencia has 30 wood, 40 iron. Valid.
Teruel: build 2 spearman. (Cost: 30 wood). Teruel has 30 wood, 20 iron. Valid.
Castellon: build 1 archer, 1 spearman. (Cost: 35 wood, 10 iron). Castellon has 35 wood, 30 iron. Valid.
Girona: build 1 archer, 1 spearman. (Cost: 35 wood, 10 iron). Girona has 35 wood, 20 iron. Valid.
Tarragona: build 1 archer, 1 spearman. (Cost: 35 wood, 10 iron). Tarragona has 35 wood, 20 iron. Valid.
Huesca: build 2 spearman. (Cost: 30 wood). Huesca has 30 wood, 20 iron. Valid.
Pamplona: build 1 archer, 1 spearman. (Cost: 35 wood, 10 iron). Pamplona has 40 wood, 20 iron. Valid.

Let's double check the troop counts and what I can send.
My available troops to send:
- From [12] Madrid: 3 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight. I will send all to [7] Salamanca.
- From [17] Zaragoza: 6 spear, 8 archer, 13 knight.
  - Send 3 spear, 4 archer, 5 knight to [12] Madrid.
  - Send 2 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight to [13] Teruel.
  Total sent: 5 spear, 6 archer, 8 knight. Zaragoza has 1 spear, 2 archer, 5 knight left. This is fine.
- From [13] Teruel: 3 spear, 1 archer, 3 knight. I won't send any this turn, I want to keep them to defend Toledo if the enemy attacks, or I can send them to Zaragoza? No, I want to reinforce Teruel.
- From [14] Burgos: 0 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight. I won't send any this turn, I want to keep them to defend or attack Vigo next turn.
- From [16] Valencia: 0 spear, 0 archer, 1 knight. I won't send any.
- From [18] Castellon: 5 spear, 2 archer, 0 knight. I can send some to Teruel? Castellon to Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
  Let's send 2 spear, 1 archer from Castellon to Teruel.
- From [22] Barcelona: 6 spear, 1 archer, 4 knight. I won't send any.
- From [23] Girona: 4 spear, 0 archer, 5 knight. I won't send any.
- From [21] Tarragona: 2 spear, 0 archer, 1 knight. I won't send any.
- From [20] Huesca: 3 spear, 2 archer, 0 knight. I won't send any.
- From [19] Pamplona: 1 spear, 0 archer, 1 knight. I won't send any.

Let's refine the movement orders:
1. Attack Salamanca:
   - From [12] Madrid to [7] Salamanca: 3 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight.
2. Reinforce Madrid:
   - From [17] Zaragoza to [12] Madrid: 3 spearman, 4 archer, 5 knight.
3. Reinforce Teruel (for future Toledo attack):
   - From [17] Zaragoza to [13] Teruel: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight.
   - From [18] Castellon to [13] Teruel: 2 spearman, 1 archer.

Let's check if Castellon has 5 spear, 2 archer. Yes. Sending 2 spear, 1 archer leaves 3 spear, 1 archer.
Let's check if Zaragoza has 6 spear, 8 archer, 13 knight. Yes.
Sending 3 spear, 4 archer, 5 knight to Madrid, and 2 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight to Teruel.
Total sent from Zaragoza: 5 spear, 6 archer, 8 knight.
Zaragoza has 6-5=1 spear, 8-6=2 archer, 13-8=5 knight left. This is valid.

Let's check the travel times:
- Madrid to Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Since I send spearman (slow), archer (medium), knight (fast), the army moves at the speed of the slowest, which is slow. So it takes 1 turn? Wait, "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means 1 turn for slow troops, 1 turn for medium, 1 turn for fast. So it takes 1 turn.
- Zaragoza to Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Takes 1 turn.
- Zaragoza to Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Takes 1 turn.
- Castellon to Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Takes 1 turn.

Wait, if Zaragoza to Madrid takes 1 turn, and Madrid to Salamanca takes 1 turn, can I order Zaragoza -> Madrid -> Salamanca in the same turn?
No, orders are simultaneous. The troops from Zaragoza will arrive in Madrid at the end of the turn (next turn). They cannot be ordered to Salamanca until they arrive in Madrid. So I can only order them to Madrid this turn.
This is correct.

Let's check if there are any other attacks I want to make.
What about [15] Murcia? It has 1 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight. Defense 15.
I can attack from [16] Valencia. Valencia has only 1 knight. Attack power 4. Not enough.
I can reinforce Valencia from Castellon or Teruel.
Castellon to Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Teruel to Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Let's send 2 spear, 1 archer from Castellon to Valencia? But I already sent 2 spear, 1 archer from Castellon to Teruel.
Castellon has 5 spear, 2 archer. If I send 2 spear, 1 archer to Teruel, I have 3 spear, 1 archer left. I can send 2 spear, 1 archer to Valencia.
Let's do that to prepare for Murcia attack.
Castellon to Valencia: 2 spearman, 1 archer.
Then Valencia will have 1 knight + 2 spear, 1 archer = 3 troops. Attack power: 1*4 + 2*1 + 1*2 = 8. Still less than defense 15.
I need more troops in Valencia. Maybe next turn I can send more from Zaragoza or Teruel.

Let's look at the plan text.
"plan": "Attack Salamanca from Madrid with all troops. Reinforce Madrid from Zaragoza. Reinforce Teruel from Zaragoza and Castellon to prepare for Toledo. Reinforce Valencia from Castellon for Murcia. Build troops in all villages to replace losses and grow."

Let's look at the statement text.
"statement": "I am focusing on the weak Salamanca village, sending all of Madrid's garrison to conquer it. I am reinforcing Madrid from Zaragoza to keep it secure. I am also building up troops in Teruel and Valencia to prepare for attacks on Toledo and Murcia. My goal is to expand my territory and secure my borders."

Let's double check the JSON format.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 12, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 12, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 14, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 13, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
   
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
COMBATE [12] Madrid: atacante B Fatk=32 (ef 48) Fdef=24 (ef 30) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~10
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 1A+4K
REFORCO [21] Tarragona dono B: 1S
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 1A+1K
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 1A+1K
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 2A+3K
REFORCO [20] Huesca dono B: 1S
REFORCO [13] Teruel dono B: 2S+1K
REFORCO [13] Teruel dono B: 2K
REFORCO [14] Burgos dono B: 1A
COMBATE [13] Teruel: atacante A Fatk=26 (ef 26) Fdef=20 (ef 38) vant=-1 -> vence defensor | baixas~7
COMBATE [15] Murcia: atacante A Fatk=24 (ef 36) Fdef=24 (ef 30) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~10
REFORCO [8] Toledo dono A: 4A+2K
REFORCO [11] Cordoba dono A: 2A+2K
COMBATE [12] Madrid: atacante A Fatk=6 (ef 6) Fdef=20 (ef 25) vant=0 -> vence defensor | baixas~2
REFORCO [10] Vigo dono A: 2A+1K
placar: A 13 ald/tropas 72 | B 11 ald/tropas 89 | neutras 0 | transito 0 (A 0 | B 0)

########## TURNO 20 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4268 | resposta 14616 | raciocinio 10557 | finish stop | ms 142291
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 15, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 11, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 11, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 11, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 8, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 10, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 10, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 7, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 9, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 9, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 15, \"toId\": 16, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 1, \"archer\": 4, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 11, \"toId\": 8, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 3}},\n    {\"fromId\": 4, \"toId\": 8, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 6, \"knight\": 5}},\n    {\"fromId\": 6, \"toId\": 10, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 3}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Turn 20: Attack Valencia from Murcia, reinforce Toledo from Cordoba/Badajoz, reinforce Vigo from Porto. Turn 21: Attack Madrid from Toledo, Burgos from Vigo. Turn 22: Expand north from Madrid/Burgos towards Zaragoza and Pamplona. Build archers and knights in all villages to maintain momentum.\",\n  \"statement\": \"I am launching a multi-pronged attack. My southern forces are taking Valencia, while my central and northern armies are gathering to strike at Madrid and Burgos. The enemy will not be able to hold the line.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A and provide a JSON response with build orders, movement orders, a plan, and a statement.

Let's analyze the current state:
- I hold 13 of 24 villages (need 18 for 75% to win, or eliminate all enemy villages).
- Enemy capital is Barcelona [22], unknown garrison.
- My villages and their available troops:
  - Lisboa [0]: 4/300 (3 archer, 1 knight)
  - Santarem [1]: 6/300 (6 archer)
  - Evora [2]: 4/300 (3 archer, 1 knight)
  - Coimbra [3]: 4/300 (4 archer)
  - Badajoz [4]: 11/300 (6 archer, 5 knight)
  - Faro [5]: 9/300 (7 archer, 2 knight)
  - Porto [6]: 5/300 (2 archer, 3 knight)
  - Salamanca [7]: 1/300 (1 knight) - border with Madrid [12]
  - Toledo [8]: 8/300 (2 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight) - border with Madrid [12], Teruel [13]
  - Vigo [10]: 6/300 (4 archer, 2 knight) - border with Burgos [14]
  - Sevilha [9]: 3/300 (3 knight)
  - Cordoba [11]: 5/300 (2 archer, 3 knight)
  - Murcia [15]: 6/300 (1 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight) - border with Valencia [16]

Enemy villages visible:
- Madrid [12]: 3 spearman, 4 archers, 2 knights, defense 23
- Teruel [13]: 3 spearmen, 1 archer, 3 knights, defense 18
- Burgos [14]: 6 archers, 2 knights, defense 20
- Valencia [16]: 1 knight, defense 3

Known from before:
- Castellon [18]: 5 knights (last seen turn 14)
- Zaragoza [17]: 8 spearmen, 9 archers, 7 knights (last seen turn 18)
- Pamplona [19]: 4 archers (last seen turn 16)
- Huesca [20]: 1 knight (last seen turn 16)
- Tarragona [21]: 7 spearmen, 2 archers, 8 knights (last seen turn 16)

Road network:
- Salamanca [7] connects to Madrid [12]
- Toledo [8] connects to Madrid [12], Teruel [13]
- Vigo [10] connects to Burgos [14]
- Murcia [15] connects to Valencia [16]

Let's look at the combat rules:
- Attack values: spearman 1, archer 2, knight 4
- Defense values: spearman 2, archer 2, knight 2
- Location bonus: village defense x1.25, castle x1.5. The "effective defense" already includes this.
- Counter triangle: spearman counters knight (x1.5), archer counters spearman (x1.5), knight counters archer (x1.5). Most numerous type sets the counter.
- Defender counts defense x1.25 in village, x1.5 in castle. But the report says "effective defense (location bonus included)" so I just compare my attack power against their effective defense? Wait, "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER. The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
- How is effective force calculated? "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs." And "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again."
- So for attack, I sum up the attack values of my troops, multiplied by 1.5 if I have the counter.
- For defense, the defender's effective defense is already given.
- Let's verify: Madrid has 3 spearman, 4 archers, 2 knights. Defense values: spearman 2, archer 2, knight 2. Total base defense = 3*2 + 4*2 + 2*2 = 6 + 8 + 4 = 18. Effective defense is 23. 18 * 1.25 (village bonus) = 22.5, rounded to 23. Yes, effective defense includes the location bonus.
- If I attack Madrid [12] from Salamanca [7] or Toledo [8]:
  - My troops: I can send from multiple villages, but they fight alone if from different villages. Let's send a combined force from one village, or attack from one village at a time.
  - Let's look at the troops I can gather.
  - Toledo [8] has 2 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight. Attack power: 2*1 + 4*2 + 2*4 = 2 + 8 + 8 = 18. Most numerous is archer (4). Defender has 3 spearman, 4 archers, 2 knights. Most numerous is spearman and archer (tie 3-3-2? Wait, 3 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight. Most numerous is archer). Archer vs archer is no counter. If I send from Toledo, my most numerous is archer (4), defender's most numerous is archer (4). No counter.
  - If I send from Salamanca [7]: 1 knight. Attack 4. No counter.
  - If I send from Badajoz [4]: 6 archer, 5 knight. Most numerous is archer (6). Defender has 4 archers. No counter.
  - Let's check if I can send from multiple villages to the same target. "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
  - So I should send one big stack from one village, or attack from multiple villages in sequence (but they arrive on different turns).
  - Let's look at the march times:
    - Salamanca [7] to Madrid [12]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
    - Toledo [8] to Madrid [12]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns? Wait, road network says Toledo [8] connects to [4], [11], [12], [13]. So Toledo to Madrid is 1 turn? Let's check the report: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" for Evora. For Salamanca: "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" for Lisboa.
    - Let's look at the march distances in the report:
      - Lisboa [0] to Salamanca [7]: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns.
      - Santarem [1] to Salamanca [7]: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns.
      - Coimbra [3] to Salamanca [7]: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
      - Porto [6] to Salamanca [7]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
      - Badajoz [4] to Toledo [8]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
      - Faro [5] to Toledo [8]: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
      - Sevilha [9] to Toledo [8]: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns.
      - Cordoba [11] to Toledo [8]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
    - For the border villages to enemy villages:
      - Salamanca [7] to Madrid [12]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns (implied by "march from [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" under Madrid).
      - Toledo [8] to Teruel [13]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
      - Vigo [10] to Burgos [14]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
      - Murcia [15] to Valencia [16]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

Let's calculate the attack on Madrid [12] from Toledo [8] or Salamanca [7] or Badajoz [4].
Wait, Badajoz [4] connects to Toledo [8], and Toledo [8] connects to Madrid [12]. So Badajoz to Madrid would be Badajoz -> Toledo -> Madrid. That's 1 + 1 = 2 turns? Or can I send directly? "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So if I send from Badajoz to Madrid, it goes through Toledo (mine) and then to Madrid. It doesn't stop at Toledo because it's mine. So it takes 1 turn to Toledo + 1 turn to Madrid = 2 turns.
Let's check the road network:
Badajoz [4] connects to [1], [5], [7], [8], [9].
Toledo [8] connects to [4], [11], [12], [13].
So Badajoz -> Toledo -> Madrid is 2 steps.
Salamanca [7] connects to [3], [4], [6], [12]. So Salamanca -> Madrid is 1 step.
Toledo [8] connects to [4], [11], [12], [13]. So Toledo -> Madrid is 1 step.

Let's look at the enemy villages I can attack:
- Madrid [12]: defense 23. Garrison: 3 spearman, 4 archers, 2 knights.
- Teruel [13]: defense 18. Garrison: 3 spearmen, 1 archer, 3 knights.
- Burgos [14]: defense 20. Garrison: 6 archers, 2 knights.
- Valencia [16]: defense 3. Garrison: 1 knight.

Valencia [16] is very weak! Defense 3, 1 knight.
I can attack from Murcia [15] (1 turn).
Murcia [15] has: 1 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight.
Attack power: 1*1 + 4*2 + 1*4 = 1 + 8 + 4 = 13.
Most numerous: archer (4). Defender has 1 knight. Knight is most numerous. Archer counters knight? No, spearman counters knight, knight counters archer, archer counters spearman.
Wait, counter triangle:
spearman counters knight (x1.5)
archer counters spearman (x1.5)
knight counters archer (x1.5)
So archer does NOT counter knight. Knight counters archer.
My most numerous is archer (4). Defender's most numerous is knight (1). Knight counters archer, so defender gets x1.5? No, "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." The counter is for the attacker. "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
If my most numerous is archer, and defender's most numerous is knight, then knight counters archer. Does the defender get the multiplier? "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counts knight; archer counts spearman; knight counts archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
It says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't say the defender gets it. But usually in these games, the counter applies to the one who has the counter. If I attack with archers and defender has knights, the knights counter archers, so the defender gets the multiplier? Or does the attacker get it if they counter the defender?
"Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counts spearman; knight counts archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
It says "your force" meaning the attacker's force. But if the defender has knights and I have archers, the defender has the counter (knight counters archer). Does "your force" refer to the side that has the counter? "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." This is ambiguous. Let's assume the side with the counter gets the multiplier.
If I attack with archers (most numerous) and defender has knights (most numerous), defender has the counter (knight > archer). So defender's effective defense is multiplied by 1.5?
Wait, "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup". So we compare the most numerous type of attacker vs most numerous type of defender.
Attacker most numerous: archer. Defender most numerous: knight.
Matchup: knight counters archer. So the defender has the counter.
Does the defender get the multiplier? "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." If "your" refers to the person having the counter, then yes, defender gets x1.5.
But if "your" refers to the attacker, then only attacker gets it. Let's re-read: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counts spearman; knight counts archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
It says "your force", which usually means the attacker's force. But if the attacker doesn't have the counter, they don't get it. If the defender has the counter, does the defender get it? The text says "your force" in the context of the attacker ("When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle... Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5.")
It seems "your" refers to the attacker. So if the attacker has the counter, attacker gets x1.5. If the defender has the counter, maybe the defender gets x1.5? Or maybe only the attacker can get it? Let's assume the side with the counter gets the multiplier.
Let's test with Valencia [16]:
Defender: 1 knight. Most numerous: knight.
Attacker from Murcia [15]: 1 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous: archer (4).
Matchup: archer vs knight. Knight counters archer. Defender has the counter.
If defender gets x1.5: effective defense = 3 * 1.5 = 4.5. My attack = 13. 13 > 4.5, I win.
If defender doesn't get it: effective defense = 3. My attack = 13. I win easily.
Either way, Valencia is a pushover.

Let's look at Madrid [12]:
Defender: 3 spearman, 4 archers, 2 knights. Most numerous: archer (4).
If I attack from Toledo [8] with 2 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight. Most numerous: archer (4).
Matchup: archer vs archer. No counter.
My attack: 2*1 + 4*2 + 2*4 = 18.
Defender effective defense: 23.
18 < 23, I lose.
If I attack from Badajoz [4] with 6 archer, 5 knight. Most numerous: archer (6).
Matchup: archer vs archer. No counter.
My attack: 6*2 + 5*4 = 12 + 20 = 32.
Defender effective defense: 23.
32 > 23, I win!
But Badajoz to Madrid takes 2 turns (Badajoz -> Toledo -> Madrid).
Wait, can I send from Badajoz directly to Madrid? Road network: Badajoz [4] connects to [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. Madrid [12] connects to [7], [8], [14], [17]. So Badajoz is not directly connected to Madrid. I must go through Toledo [8] or Salamanca [7].
If I go Badajoz -> Toledo -> Madrid, it takes 2 turns. During those 2 turns, the defender's defense might change? "The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival." But the enemy also builds and moves.
Actually, if I send from Badajoz to Madrid, it takes 2 turns. On turn 21, it arrives at Toledo (mine), then on turn 22 it attacks Madrid.
Wait, "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". Toledo is mine, so it doesn't stop. It just passes through. Does it take 1 turn per road segment? Yes. Badajoz to Toledo is 1 turn, Toledo to Madrid is 1 turn. Total 2 turns.
But I can also send from Salamanca [7] to Madrid [12] in 1 turn.
Salamanca [7] has only 1 knight. Attack 4. Too weak.
Toledo [8] has 2 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight. Attack 18. Defense 23. I lose.
Can I reinforce Toledo from other villages?
Cordoba [11] to Toledo [8]: 1 turn. Cordoba has 2 archer, 3 knight.
Sevilha [9] to Toledo [8]: 2 turns? Sevilha [9] connects to [4], [5], [11]. Toledo [8] connects to [4], [11], [12], [13]. So Sevilha -> Cordoba -> Toledo (2 turns) or Sevilha -> Badajoz -> Toledo (2 turns).
Badajoz [4] to Toledo [8]: 1 turn. Badajoz has 6 archer, 5 knight.
If I send Badajoz's troops to Toledo, they arrive next turn. Then I can send them to Madrid the turn after.
But the enemy is also moving and building.

Let's look at the overall goal: hold 18 villages (75%) or eliminate all enemy villages.
Currently I have 13. Enemy has: Madrid [12], Teruel [13], Burgos [14], Valencia [16], Castellon [18], Zaragoza [17], Pamplona [19], Huesca [20], Tarragona [21], Barcelona [22], Girona [23]. That's 11 enemy villages.
Total villages: 13 (mine) + 11 (enemy) = 24.
To get 18, I need to capture 5 more villages.
To eliminate all enemy villages, I need to capture all 11.
Let's look at the weak ones:
- Valencia [16]: defense 3, 1 knight. Easy target.
- Teruel [13]: defense 18, 3 spearmen, 1 archer, 3 knights.
- Burgos [14]: defense 20, 6 archers, 2 knights.
- Madrid [12]: defense 23, 3 spearman, 4 archers, 2 knights.

Let's plan the attacks.
First, Valencia [16] is the easiest. Attack from Murcia [15] with all available troops (1 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight). Attack power 13 vs defense 3. Guaranteed win.
Let's check if I should build more troops.
Resources:
- Murcia [15]: wood 70, iron 40. Can build archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or spearman (15 wood, 0 iron).
- I have 1 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight at home. Cap is 300. I can build more.
Let's build archers in Murcia to reinforce the attack on Valencia.
Wait, if I build in Murcia, they take 1 turn to build. If I send the existing troops now, they arrive next turn. If I build now, they arrive next turn too, but I can't send them until the turn after? "ready in 1 turn". So if I order build on turn 20, they are ready on turn 21. I can send them on turn 21.
But the existing troops can be sent on turn 20, arriving on turn 21.
If I send the existing troops on turn 20, they fight on turn 21. If I build archers on turn 20, they are ready on turn 21, I can send them on turn 21, arriving on turn 22. But the village might be conquered on turn 21.
Actually, I can just send the existing troops from Murcia to Valencia now. 1 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight. Attack 13 vs defense 3. Overwhelming force.
Let's also build archers in Murcia to have a garrison or for future attacks.

Let's look at other fronts.
To the north: Vigo [10] -> Burgos [14]. Burgos has 6 archers, 2 knights, defense 20.
Vigo [10] has 4 archer, 2 knight. Attack: 4*2 + 2*4 = 16. Defense 20. I lose.
Can I reinforce Vigo?
Porto [6] to Vigo [10]: Porto [6] connects to [3], [7], [10]. Vigo [10] connects to [6], [14]. So Porto -> Vigo is 1 turn.
Porto has 2 archer, 3 knight. Attack: 2*2 + 3*4 = 16.
If I send Porto to Vigo, they arrive next turn. Then I can send the combined force to Burgos.
Combined Vigo + Porto: 6 archer, 5 knight. Attack: 6*2 + 5*4 = 32. Defense 20. I win!
But I need to coordinate the timing.
If I send Porto to Vigo on turn 20, they arrive on turn 21.
On turn 21, I can send the combined force from Vigo to Burgos, arriving on turn 22.
Meanwhile, the enemy might do something.

Let's look at the central front: Salamanca [7] / Toledo [8] -> Madrid [12] / Teruel [13].
Madrid [12] has defense 23. Teruel [13] has defense 18.
Toledo [8] has 2 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight. Attack 18 vs Teruel defense 18. Tie favors defender. So I lose or tie? "A tie favors the DEFENDER." So 18 vs 18 is a tie, defender wins. I need more.
Can I reinforce Toledo?
Cordoba [11] to Toledo [8]: 1 turn. Cordoba has 2 archer, 3 knight.
Badajoz [4] to Toledo [8]: 1 turn. Badajoz has 6 archer, 5 knight.
If I send Cordoba to Toledo on turn 20, they arrive turn 21. Toledo then has 2 spearman, 6 archer, 5 knight. Attack: 2*1 + 6*2 + 5*4 = 2 + 12 + 20 = 34. vs Teruel defense 18. Easy win.
If I send Badajoz to Toledo on turn 20, they arrive turn 21. Toledo then has 2 spearman, 10 archer, 7 knight. Attack: 2 + 20 + 28 = 50. vs Madrid defense 23. Easy win.
But I can't send both Cordoba and Badajoz to Toledo if they arrive on the same turn and fight separately? "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
Wait, this rule is about attacking the same target. If I send them to Toledo (my own village), they join the garrison. "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So they DO add up if sent to my own village!
So I can send Cordoba and Badajoz to Toledo, and they will join the garrison.
But I need to be careful about the cap: "Cap per village: when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building". Toledo currently has 8. Adding Cordoba (5) and Badajoz (11) makes 24. Well under 300.

Let's look at the enemy's possible moves. The enemy writes their orders at the same time as me. They might attack my border villages: Salamanca [7], Toledo [8], Vigo [10], Murcia [15].
Salamanca has 1 knight. Very weak. If enemy attacks from Madrid [12], they might take it.
Toledo has 8 troops. Defense 20. Enemy might attack from Madrid [12] or Teruel [13].
Vigo has 6 troops. Defense 15. Enemy might attack from Burgos [14].
Murcia has 6 troops. Defense 15. Enemy might attack from Valencia [16] or Castellon [18]? Murcia connects to [11] and [16]. Valencia [16] connects to [13], [15], [18]. So Valencia can attack Murcia.

I should strengthen my border villages.
Let's build troops in my interior villages to send to the borders.
Interior villages:
- Lisboa [0]: wood 60, iron 70. Can build knights (30 wood, 30 iron) or archers (20 wood, 10 iron). Currently 4/300.
- Santarem [1]: wood 80, iron 70. 6/300.
- Evora [2]: wood 60, iron 60. 4/300.
- Coimbra [3]: wood 90, iron 70. 4/300.
- Badajoz [4]: wood 60, iron 60. 11/300.
- Faro [5]: wood 105, iron 60. 9/300.
- Porto [6]: wood 100, iron 50. 5/300.
- Sevilha [9]: wood 80, iron 50. 3/300.
- Cordoba [11]: wood 70, iron 40. 5/300.

I can build archers and knights in these villages to send to the borders.
Let's prioritize building archers because they are cheaper and effective against spearman-heavy enemies.
Wait, the enemy has a lot of knights (Zaragoza 7, Tarragona 8, Castellon 5). Spearman counters knights. I should build some spearmen too. But spearmen are slow and cheap.
Let's look at the enemy's most numerous types:
- Madrid: archer (4)
- Teruel: spearman (3) and knight (3) - tie, spearman breaks tie? "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight". So spearman is most numerous.
- Burgos: archer (6)
- Valencia: knight (1)
- Zaragoza: archer (9)
- Tarragona: knight (8)
- Castellon: knight (5)

So enemy has many knights and archers.
To counter knights, I need spearmen.
To counter archers, I need knights.
To counter spearmen, I need archers.

Let's build a balanced army.
But I need to act now. Let's decide on the moves for this turn.

Immediate easy win: Valencia [16].
Send all troops from Murcia [15] to Valencia [16].
Murcia has 1 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight. Send them all.
Also build archers in Murcia to replace them.
Murcia has wood 70, iron 40. Can build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 2 archers and 1 knight, etc.
Let's build 3 archers in Murcia.

Next, reinforce Toledo [8] for attack on Teruel [13] or Madrid [12].
Send troops from Cordoba [11] to Toledo [8].
Cordoba has 2 archer, 3 knight. Send them all.
Build in Cordoba: wood 70, iron 40. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) and 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) - total 70 wood, 50 iron (not enough iron). Let's build 2 archers and 1 spearman? 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 55 wood, 20 iron. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) = 70 wood, 50 iron (only 40 iron). So 1 knight + 1 archer + 1 spearman = 30+20+15 = 65 wood, 30+10+0 = 40 iron. Perfect.
Let's build 1 knight, 1 archer, 1 spearman in Cordoba.

Reinforce Vigo [10] for attack on Burgos [14].
Send troops from Porto [6] to Vigo [10].
Porto has 2 archer, 3 knight. Send them all.
Build in Porto: wood 100, iron 50. Can build 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron - not enough iron). 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron - not enough iron). 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) = 70 wood, 50 iron. Or 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron). Let's build 4 archers.

Reinforce Salamanca [7]? It only has 1 knight. If I send from Coimbra [3] to Salamanca [7]: Coimbra has 4 archer. Send them? Coimbra to Salamanca is 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. That's 1 turn for fast. So 1 turn.
If I send Coimbra's archers to Salamanca, they arrive next turn. Salamanca then has 4 archer, 1 knight. Attack power 4*2 + 4 = 12. Still weak against Madrid (23).
Better to send from Badajoz [4] to Salamanca [7]? Badajoz connects to [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. Salamanca [7] connects to [3], [4], [6], [12]. So Badajoz -> Salamanca is 1 turn.
Badajoz has 6 archer, 5 knight. If I send them to Salamanca, it arrives next turn. Then Salamanca has 6 archer, 6 knight. Attack: 12 + 24 = 36. vs Madrid 23. Win!
But if I send Badajoz to Salamanca, I lose the ability to send them to Toledo.
Toledo is closer to Madrid (1 turn) than Salamanca (1 turn). Both are 1 turn.
But Salamanca is only connected to Madrid [12]. Toledo is connected to Madrid [12] and Teruel [13].
So Toledo is more versatile.
Let's send Badajoz to Toledo instead. Badajoz -> Toledo is 1 turn.
Then Toledo will have 2 spearman, 10 archer, 7 knight. Attack 50. Can take both Madrid and Teruel.
But I need to send them on turn 20 to arrive turn 21. Then on turn 21 I can send them to Madrid/Teruel, arriving turn 22.
Wait, if I send Badajoz to Toledo on turn 20, they arrive turn 21. On turn 21, I can send the combined force from Toledo to Madrid, arriving turn 22.
But on turn 21, I also have Cordoba's troops arriving at Toledo. So on turn 22, Toledo will have even more troops.
Let's trace the timeline:
Turn 20 (today):
- Send Murcia troops to Valencia.
- Send Cordoba troops to Toledo.
- Send Badajoz troops to Toledo.
- Send Porto troops to Vigo.
- Build in various villages.

Turn 21:
- Murcia troops arrive at Valencia and fight. (Valencia likely conquered).
- Cordoba troops arrive at Toledo.
- Badajoz troops arrive at Toledo.
- Porto troops arrive at Vigo.
- Enemy moves.

Turn 22:
- If Valencia is conquered, I have a new village.
- I can send Toledo troops to Madrid or Teruel.
- I can send Vigo troops to Burgos.

This seems like a solid plan.

Let's check the resources and builds.
I need to specify builds for this turn (turn 20).
Builds:
- Murcia [15]: build 3 archers. Cost: 60 wood, 30 iron. Murcia has 70 wood, 40 iron. OK.
- Cordoba [11]: build 1 knight, 1 archer, 1 spearman. Cost: 30+20+15 = 65 wood, 30+10+0 = 40 iron. Cordoba has 70 wood, 40 iron. OK.
- Porto [6]: build 4 archers. Cost: 80 wood, 40 iron. Porto has 100 wood, 50 iron. OK.
- Badajoz [4]: build something? Badajoz has 6 archer, 5 knight. If I send them all, I need to rebuild. Badajoz has wood 60, iron 60. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Let's build 2 knights.
- Toledo [8]: build something? Toledo has 2 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight. If I send them all, I need to rebuild. Toledo has wood 60, iron 60. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood). Let's build 3 archers and 1 spearman. Cost: 60+15 = 75 wood (not enough, only 60). So 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Let's build 2 knights.
- Vigo [10]: build something? Vigo has 4 archer, 2 knight. If I send Porto's troops, Vigo will have 6 archer, 5 knight. I might send them all to Burgos. So rebuild. Vigo has wood 110, iron 50. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron - not enough iron). 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) = 70 wood, 50 iron. Let's build 1 knight, 2 archers.
- Salamanca [7]: build something? Salamanca has 1 knight. If I don't send reinforcements, it stays weak. Salamanca has wood 70, iron 110. Can build 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron). Let's build 3 knights to defend Salamanca or attack Madrid. Wait, if I build 3 knights, they take 1 turn. I can send them next turn.
- Lisboa [0]: build? Lisboa has wood 60, iron 70. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Let's build 2 knights as strategic reserve.
- Santarem [1]: build? wood 80, iron 70. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 80 wood, 70 iron. Let's build 2 knights, 1 archer.
- Evora [2]: build? wood 60, iron 60. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
- Coimbra [3]: build? wood 90, iron 70. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 80 wood, 70 iron. Let's build 2 knights, 1 archer.
- Faro [5]: build? wood 105, iron 60. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 80 wood, 70 iron (not enough iron). 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) = 90 wood, 60 iron. Let's build 1 knight, 3 archers.
- Sevilha [9]: build? wood 80, iron 50. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) = 70 wood, 50 iron. Let's build 1 knight, 2 archers.

Wait, I need to be careful not to overbuild. The cap is 300 per village, so no problem there. But I need to make sure I have enough resources.
Let's list the builds I want to do:
1. Murcia [15]: 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron)
2. Cordoba [11]: 1 knight, 1 archer, 1 spearman (65 wood, 40 iron)
3. Porto [6]: 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron)
4. Badajoz [4]: 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron)
5. Toledo [8]: 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron)
6. Vigo [10]: 1 knight, 2 archers (70 wood, 50 iron)
7. Salamanca [7]: 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron) - wait, Salamanca has wood 70, iron 110. 3 knights cost 90 wood, 90 iron. Not enough wood! Only 70 wood. So can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Let's build 2 knights.
8. Lisboa [0]: 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron)
9. Santarem [1]: 2 knights, 1 archer (80 wood, 70 iron)
10. Evora [2]: 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron)
11. Coimbra [3]: 2 knights, 1 archer (80 wood, 70 iron) - Coimbra has 90 wood, 70 iron. OK.
12. Faro [5]: 1 knight, 3 archers (90 wood, 60 iron) - Faro has 105 wood, 60 iron. OK.
13. Sevilha [9]: 1 knight, 2 archers (70 wood, 50 iron) - Sevilha has 80 wood, 50 iron. OK.

This is a lot of builds. But I have the resources.
Let's double check the resource production.
Each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn.
So the resources listed are the current stock, plus the production.
Wait, "Each village you hold produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn. Resources belong to EACH village (there is no shared treasury): a village pays for its own builds from its own stock."
So the numbers in the report are the current stock. The production is already added? "wood 60 (+30/turn)" means current stock is 60, and it produces 30 per turn. So next turn it will have 90 (if no builds).
So I can use the current stock for builds this turn.

Let's verify the builds again:
- Murcia [15]: wood 70, iron 40. Build 3 archers: 60 wood, 30 iron. Remaining: 10 wood, 10 iron. OK.
- Cordoba [11]: wood 70, iron 40. Build 1 knight, 1 archer, 1 spearman: 65 wood, 40 iron. Remaining: 5 wood, 0 iron. OK.
- Porto [6]: wood 100, iron 50. Build 4 archers: 80 wood, 40 iron. Remaining: 20 wood, 10 iron. OK.
- Badajoz [4]: wood 60, iron 60. Build 2 knights: 60 wood, 60 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 0 iron. OK.
- Toledo [8]: wood 60, iron 60. Build 2 knights: 60 wood, 60 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 0 iron. OK.
- Vigo [10]: wood 110, iron 50. Build 1 knight, 2 archers: 70 wood, 50 iron. Remaining: 40 wood, 0 iron. OK.
- Salamanca [7]: wood 70, iron 110. Build 2 knights: 60 wood, 60 iron. Remaining: 10 wood, 50 iron. OK.
- Lisboa [0]: wood 60, iron 70. Build 2 knights: 60 wood, 60 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 10 iron. OK.
- Santarem [1]: wood 80, iron 70. Build 2 knights, 1 archer: 80 wood, 70 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 0 iron. OK.
- Evora [2]: wood 60, iron 60. Build 2 knights: 60 wood, 60 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 0 iron. OK.
- Coimbra [3]: wood 90, iron 70. Build 2 knights, 1 archer: 80 wood, 70 iron. Remaining: 10 wood, 0 iron. OK.
- Faro [5]: wood 105, iron 60. Build 1 knight, 3 archers: 90 wood, 60 iron. Remaining: 15 wood, 0 iron. OK.
- Sevilha [9]: wood 80, iron 50. Build 1 knight, 2 archers: 70 wood, 50 iron. Remaining: 10 wood, 0 iron. OK.

All builds are valid.

Now, movements.
I need to send troops to attack or reinforce.
Attacks:
- Murcia [15] -> Valencia [16]: send 1 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight.
Reinforcements:
- Cordoba [11] -> Toledo [8]: send 2 archer, 3 knight.
- Badajoz [4] -> Toledo [8]: send 6 archer, 5 knight.
- Porto [6] -> Vigo [10]: send 2 archer, 3 knight.

Wait, if I send Badajoz to Toledo, Badajoz will be empty. I am building 2 knights there, so next turn it will have 2 knights.
If I send Cordoba to Toledo, Cordoba will be empty. I am building 1 knight, 1 archer, 1 spearman there, so next turn it will have those.
If I send Porto to Vigo, Porto will be empty. I am building 4 archers there, so next turn it will have 4 archers.
If I send Murcia to Valencia, Murcia will be empty. I am building 3 archers there, so next turn it will have 3 archers.

Let's check if I should send any other troops.
What about Salamanca [7]? It has 1 knight. I am building 2 knights. Next turn it will have 3 knights. That's a decent garrison.
What about the other interior villages? They are not on the border, so they are safe for now.

Let's review the enemy villages and my attack plans.
Turn 20:
- Attack Valencia [16] from Murcia [15].
- Reinforce Toledo [8] from Cordoba [11] and Badajoz [4].
- Reinforce Vigo [10] from Porto [6].

Turn 21:
- Valencia [16] is conquered (assuming success).
- Toledo [8] has 2 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight (original) + 2 archer, 3 knight (Cordoba) + 6 archer, 5 knight (Badajoz) = 2 spearman, 12 archer, 10 knight. Total 24 troops. Attack power: 2*1 + 12*2 + 10*4 = 2 + 24 + 40 = 66.
- Vigo [10] has 4 archer, 2 knight (original) + 2 archer, 3 knight (Porto) = 6 archer, 5 knight. Total 11 troops. Attack power: 6*2 + 5*4 = 12 + 20 = 32.

On Turn 21, I can order:
- Attack Madrid [12] from Toledo [8]. Madrid defense 23. My attack 66. Overwhelming force.
- Attack Burgos [14] from Vigo [10]. Burgos defense 20. My attack 32. Win.
- Attack Teruel [13] from Toledo [8]. Teruel defense 18. My attack 66. Win.

But I can only send one army from each village per turn? "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up... each send fights alone". But I can send from the same village to different targets? No, "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours". If I split the army, I can send part to Madrid and part to Teruel. But the rule says "each send fights alone". So if I send from Toledo to Madrid, and from Toledo to Teruel, they are separate sends. They would fight separately.
But Toledo is connected to both Madrid [12] and Teruel [13]. So I can send part to Madrid and part to Teruel.
However, it's better to focus on one target at a time to ensure victory and minimize losses.
Let's focus on Madrid first, as it's the capital of the enemy's central region.
Or Teruel, which is weaker (defense 18 vs 23).
Actually, if I take Teruel, I open a path to Zaragoza [17] and Castellon [18].
If I take Madrid, I open a path to Burgos [14] and Zaragoza [17].
Let's take Madrid first, then Teruel.
Wait, if I attack Madrid from Toledo, the army goes Toledo -> Madrid. It takes 1 turn.
If I attack Teruel from Toledo, it goes Toledo -> Teruel. It takes 1 turn.
I can do both on turn 21, arriving turn 22.
Let's send 10 archer, 5 knight to Madrid (attack 20+20=40) and 2 spearman, 2 archer, 5 knight to Teruel (attack 2+4+20=26).
But I need to keep some garrison in Toledo. Toledo has 24 troops. Sending 15 to Madrid and 9 to Teruel leaves 0 garrison. That's risky if the enemy attacks Toledo.
The enemy might attack Toledo from Madrid or Teruel. If I conquer Madrid, the enemy loses that front. If I conquer Teruel, same.
But the enemy might also attack from Zaragoza? Zaragoza connects to Madrid [12], Teruel [13], Pamplona [19], Huesca [20], Tarragona [21]. So Zaragoza can attack Madrid or Teruel, but not Toledo directly. Toledo is only connected to Madrid [12] and Teruel [13] on the enemy side.
So if I conquer Madrid and Teruel, Toledo is safe from the east.
But on turn 21, the enemy might still have Madrid and Teruel, and they might attack Toledo.
To be safe, I should leave a garrison in Toledo. Let's leave 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight (attack 2+4+8=14). Send 10 archer, 8 knight to Madrid (attack 20+32=52). Send 0 to Teruel for now.
Or send all to Madrid, and next turn send to Teruel.
Let's send all to Madrid on turn 21. Attack 66 vs defense 23. Overwhelming force. Toledo will be empty, but if Madrid is conquered, the enemy can't attack Toledo from there. Teruel might attack, but I will have the turn 22 to react.
Actually, if I send all to Madrid, they arrive turn 22. On turn 22, Madrid is conquered. Then on turn 22, I can send troops from Toledo (which is now empty) or from other villages to Teruel.
But wait, the troops that attacked Madrid are now in Madrid. They can march to the next target from Madrid.
Madrid connects to [7], [8], [14], [17]. So from Madrid, I can attack Salamanca [7] (mine), Toledo [8] (mine), Burgos [14] (enemy), Zaragoza [17] (enemy).
So after taking Madrid, I can attack Burgos or Zaragoza from Madrid.
This is a good plan.

Let's refine the plan for the next few turns.
Turn 20:
- Attack Valencia [16] from Murcia [15].
- Reinforce Toledo [8] from Cordoba [11] and Badajoz [4].
- Reinforce Vigo [10] from Porto [6].
- Build troops in all villages.

Turn 21:
- Valencia [16] conquered.
- Attack Madrid [12] from Toledo [8] with all troops.
- Attack Burgos [14] from Vigo [10] with all troops.
- Build troops.

Turn 22:
- Madrid [12] and Burgos [14] conquered.
- Attack Teruel [13] from Toledo [8] (now empty, but I can send from Madrid or other villages). Or attack Zaragoza [17] from Madrid [12].
- Attack Pamplona [19] from Burgos [14]? Burgos connects to [10], [12], [19]. So from Burgos, I can attack Pamplona [19].
- Build troops.

This looks like a fast expansion.

Let's write the plan and statement.
Plan: "Focus on the southern and central fronts. Turn 20: attack Valencia from Murcia, reinforce Toledo from Cordoba/Badajoz, reinforce Vigo from Porto. Turn 21: attack Madrid from Toledo, Burgos from Vigo. Turn 22: expand north from Madrid/Burgos towards Zaragoza and Pamplona. Build archers and knights in all villages to maintain momentum."
Statement: "I am launching a multi-pronged attack. My southern forces are taking Valencia, while my central and northern armies are gathering to strike at Madrid and Burgos. The enemy will not be able to hold the line."

Let's double check the JSON format.
{
  "build": [ {"villageId": <id>, "type": <type>, "quantity": <n>} ],
  "movements": [ {"fromId": <id>, "toId": <id>, "troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}} ],
  "plan": "<plan>",
  "statement": "<statement>"
}

Let's list the builds:
- Murcia [15]: 3 archers
- Cordoba [11]: 1 knight, 1 archer, 1 spearman
- Porto [6]: 4 archers
- Badajoz [4]: 2 knights
- Toledo [8]: 2 knights
- Vigo [10]: 1 knight, 2 archers
- Salamanca [7]: 2 knights
- Lisboa [0]: 2 knights
- Santarem [1]: 2 knights, 1 archer
- Evora [2]: 2 knights
- Coimbra [3]: 2 knights, 1 archer
- Faro [5]: 1 knight, 3 archers
- Sevilha [9]: 1 knight, 2 archers

Wait, I should check if I have enough wood and iron for all these.
I already checked, they are fine.
But let's make sure I don't exceed the cap of 300. None of the villages are close to 300.

Let's list the movements:
- Murcia [15] -> Valencia [16]: 1 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight
- Cordoba [11] -> Toledo [8]: 2 archer, 3 knight
- Badajoz [4] -> Toledo [8]: 6 archer, 5 knight
- Porto [6] -> Vigo [10]: 2 archer, 3 knight

Wait, can I send from Badajoz to Toledo? Badajoz [4] connects to [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. Toledo [8] connects to [4], [11], [12], [13]. Yes, they are directly connected. March time: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So 1 turn.
Can I send from Cordoba to Toledo? Cordoba [11] connects to [8], [9], [15]. Toledo [8] connects to [4], [11], [12], [13]. Yes, directly connected. 1 turn.
Can I send from Porto to Vigo? Porto [6] connects to [3], [7], [10]. Vigo [10] connects to [6], [14]. Yes, directly connected. 1 turn.
Can I send from Murcia to Valencia? Murcia [15] connects to [11], [16]. Valencia [16] connects to [13], [15], [18]. Yes, directly connected. 1 turn.

All movements are valid.

Let's check the troop counts in the movements.
Murcia [15] has: 1 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight. Sending all of them. OK.
Cordoba [11] has: 2 archer, 3 knight. Sending all of them. OK.
Badajoz [4] has: 6 archer, 5 knight. Sending all of them. OK.
Porto [6] has: 2 archer, 3 knight. Sending all of them. OK.

Let's write the JSON.
I will use the exact village IDs.
Builds:
{"villageId": 15, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3}
{"villageId": 11, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
{"villageId": 11, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}
{"villageId": 11, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 1}
{"villageId": 6, "type": "archer", "quantity": 4}
{"villageId": 4, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2}
{"villageId": 8, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2}
{"villageId": 10, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
{"villageId": 10, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2}
{"villageId": 7, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2}
{"villageId": 0, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2}
{"villageId": 1, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2}
{"villageId": 1, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}
{"villageId": 2, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2}
{"villageId": 3, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2}
{"villageId": 3, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}
{"villageId": 5, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
{"villageId": 5, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3}
{"villageId": 9, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
{"villageId": 9, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2}

Movements:
{"fromId": 15, "toId": 16, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 4, "knight": 1}}
{"fromId": 11, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 3}}
{"fromId": 4, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 6, "knight": 5}}
{"fromId": 6, "toId": 10, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 3}}

Plan: "Turn 20: Attack Valencia from Murcia, reinforce Toledo from Cordoba/Badajoz, reinforce Vigo from Porto. Turn 21: Attack Madrid from Toledo, Burgos from Vigo. Turn 22: Expand north from Madrid/Burgos towards Zaragoza and Pamplona. Build archers and knights in all villages to maintain momentum."
Statement: "I am launching a multi-pronged attack. My southern forces are taking Valencia, while my central and northern armies are gathering to strike at Madrid and Burgos. The enemy will not be able to hold the line."

Let's review the rules again to ensure no mistakes.
- "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS": yes, I am writing orders for this turn.
- "Each village you hold produces resources every turn": yes, I accounted for current stock.
- "Cap per village: when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300": none are near 300.
- "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW": yes, I checked stocks.
- "Armies march along the ROAD NETWORK": yes, I checked connections.
- "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours": my movements are to enemy villages (Valencia) or my own villages (Toledo, Vigo). For my own villages, they join the garrison. For Valencia, it's the first non-mine village on the path (direct connection).
- "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up": I am sending Cordoba and Badajoz to Toledo (my own village), so they add up. I am sending Murcia to Valencia (enemy), only one send.
- "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own": yes, Toledo and Vigo are mine.
- "Each troop type has a speed": I am sending mixed armies, but since they are going to adjacent villages, the march time is 1 turn for all (the report says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for these routes, meaning 1 turn regardless of speed? Wait, "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means it takes 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast. So 1 turn total. Yes.)
- "The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense": I am attacking Valencia which has defense 3. My attack is 13. Win.
- "The enemy capital is the hardest single target... taking it is NOT required to win": I am not attacking Barcelona this turn.

Everything seems correct. I will output the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"arqueiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":15,"destinoId":16,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":4,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":11,"destinoId":8,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":3}},{"origemId":4,"destinoId":8,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":6,"cavaleiro":5}},{"origemId":6,"destinoId":10,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":3}}]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [15]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [15]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [15]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [11]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [11]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [6]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [6]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [6]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [6]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [4]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [4]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [8]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [8]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [10]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [10]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [10]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [7]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [7]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [0]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [0]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [1]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [2]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [2]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [3]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [3]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [3]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [5]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [9]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [9]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [9]
ACEITO envio [15]->[16]: 1S+4A+1K
ACEITO envio [11]->[8]: 2A+3K
ACEITO envio [4]->[8]: 6A+5K
ACEITO envio [6]->[10]: 2A+3K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Turn 20: Attack Valencia from Murcia, reinforce Toledo from Cordoba/Badajoz, reinforce Vigo from Porto. Turn 21: Attack Madrid from Toledo, Burgos from Vigo. Turn 22: Expand north from Madrid/Burgos towards Zaragoza and Pamplona. Build archers and knights in all villages to maintain momentum.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): I am launching a multi-pronged attack. My southern forces are taking Valencia, while my central and northern armies are gathering to strike at Madrid and Burgos. The enemy will not be able to hold the line.
########## TURNO 20 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3122 | resposta 11853 | raciocinio 11853 | finish content_filter | ms 145436
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B in a strategy game. I need to analyze the current state and provide orders in a specific JSON format.

Let's analyze the game state:
- I hold 11 of 24 villages. I need 18 (75%) for 2 consecutive turns to win, or eliminate every enemy village.
- Current turn: 20.
- Enemy is King A.
- Villages I hold: Barcelona (22), Tarragona (21), Girona (23), Castellon (18), Zaragoza (17), Huesca (20), Valencia (16), Teruel (13), Madrid (12), Pamplona (19), Burgos (14).
- Enemy villages seen: Murcia (15), Salamanca (7), Toledo (8), Vigo (10).
- Known from before: Cordoba (11), Badajoz (4), Porto (6).
- Unexplored: Coimbra (3), Sevilha (9), Faro (5), Santarem (1), Lisboa (0), Evora (2). Lisboa is the enemy capital.

Let's look at the map and road network:
My villages:
- Barcelona (22) -> Tarragona (21), Girona (23)
- Tarragona (21) -> Barcelona (22), Zaragoza (17), Castellon (18)
- Girona (23) -> Barcelona (22), Huesca (20)
- Castellon (18) -> Tarragona (21), Valencia (16), Teruel (13)
- Zaragoza (17) -> Madrid (12), Teruel (13), Pamplona (19), Huesca (20), Tarragona (21)
- Huesca (20) -> Zaragoza (17), Pamplona (19), Girona (23)
- Valencia (16) -> Teruel (13), Murcia (15), Castellon (18)
- Teruel (13) -> Valencia (16), Toledo (8), Zaragoza (17), Castellon (18)
- Madrid (12) -> Salamanca (7), Toledo (8), Burgos (14), Zaragoza (17)
- Pamplona (19) -> Burgos (14), Zaragoza (17), Huesca (20)
- Burgos (14) -> Vigo (10), Madrid (12), Pamplona (19)

Enemy villages:
- Murcia (15) -> Cordoba (11), Valencia (16)
- Salamanca (7) -> Coimbra (3), Badajoz (4), Porto (6), Madrid (12)
- Toledo (8) -> Badajoz (4), Cordoba (11), Madrid (12), Teruel (13)
- Vigo (10) -> Porto (6), Burgos (14)
- Cordoba (11) -> Sevilha (9), Toledo (8), Murcia (15)
- Badajoz (4) -> Santarem (1), Faro (5), Salamanca (7), Toledo (8), Sevilha (9)
- Porto (6) -> Coimbra (3), Salamanca (7), Vigo (10)

Unexplored:
- Lisboa (0) -> Santarem (1), Evora (2)
- Santarem (1) -> Lisboa (0), Coimbra (3), Badajoz (4)
- Evora (2) -> Lisboa (0), Faro (5)
- Coimbra (3) -> Santarem (1), Porto (6), Salamanca (7)
- Sevilha (9) -> Badajoz (4), Cordoba (11), Faro (5)
- Faro (5) -> Evora (2), Badajoz (4), Sevilha (9)

Let's check the troop counts and resources:
My total troops at home: 89 (33 spearman, 24 archer, 32 knight).
Villages and their available troops:
- Barcelona (22): 6 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knight. Defense 33. Wood 65, Iron 50.
- Tarragona (21): 2 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. Defense 8. Wood 65, Iron 40.
- Girona (23): 4 spearman, 0 archer, 5 knight. Defense 23. Wood 65, Iron 40.
- Castellon (18): 5 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight. Defense 18. Wood 65, Iron 50.
- Zaragoza (17): 6 spearman, 8 archer, 13 knight. Defense 68. Wood 60, Iron 40.
- Huesca (20): 3 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight. Defense 13. Wood 60, Iron 40.
- Valencia (16): 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. Defense 3. Wood 60, Iron 60.
- Teruel (13): 3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight. Defense 18. Wood 60, Iron 40.
- Madrid (12): 3 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight. Defense 23. Wood 100, Iron 60.
- Pamplona (19): 1 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. Defense 5. Wood 70, Iron 40.
- Burgos (14): 0 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight. Defense 20. Wood 70, Iron 110.

Enemy villages:
- Murcia (15): 1 spearman, 4 archers, 1 knight. Defense 15.
- Salamanca (7): 1 knight. Defense 3 (was 15, 5 turns ago).
- Toledo (8): 2 spearmen, 4 archers, 2 knights. Defense 20 (was 33, 5 turns ago).
- Vigo (10): 4 archers, 2 knights. Defense 15 (was 25, 5 turns ago).

Let's think about strategy.
I need to capture more villages. I have 11, need 18. That's 7 more villages.
The enemy villages I can see are Murcia (15), Salamanca (7), Toledo (8), Vigo (10).
There are also Cordoba (11), Badajoz (4), Porto (6) known from before.
And unexplored: Coimbra (3), Sevilha (9), Faro (5), Santarem (1), Lisboa (0), Evora (2).

Let's look at the borders:
- Valencia (16) borders Murcia (15).
- Teruel (13) borders Toledo (8).
- Madrid (12) borders Salamanca (7) and Toledo (8).
- Burgos (14) borders Vigo (10).

Let's check the enemy's weak points:
- Salamanca (7) has only 1 knight, defense 3. It's very weak. March from Madrid (12): 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- Murcia (15) has 1 spearman, 4 archers, 1 knight, defense 15. March from Valencia (16): 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- Toledo (8) has 2 spearmen, 4 archers, 2 knights, defense 20. March from Teruel (13) or Madrid (12).
- Vigo (10) has 4 archers, 2 knights, defense 15. March from Burgos (14): 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

Let's plan attacks.
I need to be careful about the enemy's counter-attacks.
My border villages:
- Valencia (16) is weak (defense 3, only 1 knight). If I send troops from Valencia to attack Murcia, Valencia will be left with almost nothing. But Valencia is deep in my territory, bordered by Teruel (13) and Castellon (18). The enemy can only reach it via Murcia (15) or Toledo (8) -> Teruel (13) -> Valencia (16). So it's somewhat safe if I keep Teruel strong.
- Burgos (14) has defense 20, 6 archers, 2 knights. It borders Vigo (10). If I attack Vigo, Burgos will be left with some troops.
- Madrid (12) has defense 23, 3 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight. It borders Salamanca (7) and Toledo (8).
- Teruel (13) has defense 18, 3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight. It borders Toledo (8).

Let's consider building troops.
Resources per village: 30 wood, 20 iron.
Costs:
- spearman: 15 wood + 0 iron
- archer: 20 wood + 10 iron
- knight: 30 wood + 30 iron

Let's check what I can build in each village:
- Barcelona (22): wood 65, iron 50. Can build 4 spearman (60 wood), or 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron), or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Tarragona (21): wood 65, iron 40. Can build 4 spearman, or 2 archer, or 1 knight.
- Girona (23): wood 65, iron 40. Can build 4 spearman, or 2 archer, or 1 knight.
- Castellon (18): wood 65, iron 50. Can build 4 spearman, or 2 archer, or 1 knight.
- Zaragoza (17): wood 60, iron 40. Can build 4 spearman, or 2 archer, or 1 knight.
- Huesca (20): wood 60, iron 40. Can build 4 spearman, or 2 archer, or 1 knight.
- Valencia (16): wood 60, iron 60. Can build 4 spearman, or 2 archer, or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
- Teruel (13): wood 60, iron 40. Can build 4 spearman, or 2 archer, or 1 knight.
- Madrid (12): wood 100, iron 60. Can build 6 spearman (90 wood), or 3 archer (60 wood, 30 iron), or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron), or 3 spearman + 1 archer (45+20=65 wood, 10 iron), etc.
- Pamplona (19): wood 70, iron 40. Can build 4 spearman, or 2 archer, or 1 knight.
- Burgos (14): wood 70, iron 110. Can build 4 spearman, or 3 archer (60 wood, 30 iron), or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron), or 2 archer + 2 knights (40+60=100 wood, 20+60=80 iron).

Let's think about the most efficient attacks.
Salamanca (7) is very weak: defense 3, 1 knight. Madrid (12) can send 3 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight (attack power 19). But wait, Madrid's troops are at home. If I send all of them, Madrid will be empty. But Madrid is a border village, so it might be attacked. However, the enemy villages near Madrid are Salamanca (7) and Toledo (8). If I attack Salamanca, Toledo might attack Madrid. But Toledo has 2 spearmen, 4 archers, 2 knights. If I leave Madrid with no troops, it will fall easily.
Actually, I can send some troops from Zaragoza (17) to reinforce Madrid, or from Burgos (14).
Zaragoza has 6 spearman, 8 archer, 13 knight. It's very strong. It can send troops to Madrid (12) via road: Zaragoza -> Madrid is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Wait, the road network says:
Zaragoza (17) -> Madrid (12), Teruel (13), Pamplona (19), Huesca (20), Tarragona (21).
So Zaragoza can reinforce Madrid in 1 turn.

Let's look at the enemy's capital: Lisboa (0). It's unexplored. The enemy capital is the hardest single target, but taking it is NOT required to win. I just need 18 villages.

Let's plan to attack the weak enemy villages first.
Salamanca (7) is extremely weak (defense 3, 1 knight). If I attack it with enough troops, I can conquer it.
Toledo (8) is stronger (defense 20). But it was 33 five turns ago, so it might have been attacked and lost troops, or it's rebuilding.
Vigo (10) has defense 15, 4 archers, 2 knights. Burgos (14) can attack it.
Murcia (15) has defense 15, 1 spearman, 4 archers, 1 knight. Valencia (16) can attack it.

Let's consider the troop types and combat rules:
- spearman: attack 1, defense 2, speed slow. Counters knight (1.5x).
- archer: attack 2, defense 2, speed medium. Counters spearman (1.5x).
- knight: attack 4, defense 2, speed fast. Counters archer (1.5x).
The most numerous type sets the counter matchup.
If I send a mixed army, the most numerous type sets the counter.
For example, if I send 3 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight, the most numerous is archer. So it counts as an archer army. Archer counters spearman. But the enemy at Salamanca has 1 knight. If my army is mostly archers, I don't counter the knight, but the knight doesn't counter me either (knight counters archer, so I would be countered!).
Wait, the counter triangle:
- spearman counters knight (multiplies force by 1.5)
- archer counters spearman (multiplies force by 1.5)
- knight counters archer (multiplies force by 1.5)
If my army is mostly archers, and the enemy has a knight, the knight counters my archers. So my force is multiplied by 1 (no counter), but the enemy's knight might counter me? No, the rule says: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
So for my army, the most numerous type is archer. For the enemy army, the most numerous type is knight (only 1 knight, but it's the only type? Wait, Salamanca has 1 knight. So the most numerous is knight).
The matchup is archer vs knight. Knight counters archer. So the enemy gets the 1.5x multiplier? Or do I get it?
"Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
So if my army is archers and the enemy is knights, the enemy has the counter (knight counters archer), so the enemy's force is multiplied by 1.5. My force is not multiplied.
If my army is spearman and the enemy is knight, I have the counter (spearman counters knight), so my force is multiplied by 1.5.
If my army is knight and the enemy is archer, I have the counter.
If my army is knight and the enemy is spearman, the enemy has the counter.
So to beat Salamanca (1 knight), I should send mostly spearmen! Spearman counters knight.
If I send 3 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight, the most numerous is archer. The enemy has 1 knight. Archer vs knight: knight counters archer. So the enemy gets 1.5x. That's bad.
If I send mostly spearmen, e.g., 6 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. Most numerous is spearman. Spearman vs knight: spearman counters knight. My force is multiplied by 1.5.
So to attack Salamanca, I should send spearmen.
Let's check the attack power of spearman: attack 1. If I send 6 spearman, attack power is 6. With counter, 6 * 1.5 = 9.
The enemy has 1 knight. Knight attack is 4. But the enemy is defending in a village. Defense counts x1.25 in a village. So knight defense is 2 * 1.25 = 2.5. But the report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 3". So the effective defense is 3.
Wait, the report says: "effective defense (location bonus included): 3". So I don't need to calculate it, it's already there.
But the combat rules say: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs."
So my attack is 6 spearman * 1 attack = 6. With counter (spearman vs knight), 6 * 1.5 = 9.
The defender's effective defense is 3.
My force is 9, defender's is 3. I win easily.
But wait, the rule says: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER."
So my effective force is 9, defender's is 3. I win.
What if I send a mixed army? Let's say 3 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight. Most numerous is archer. Attack power: 3*1 + 4*2 + 2*4 = 3 + 8 + 8 = 19. But the counter is archer vs knight, so the enemy has the counter. Does the enemy's force get multiplied by 1.5? The enemy's effective defense is 3. If multiplied by 1.5, it's 4.5. My attack is 19. I still win, but I take more losses.
Actually, the counter is applied to the force of the side that has the counter. "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
So if the enemy has the counter, their force is multiplied by 1.5. My force is not.
If I have the counter, my force is multiplied by 1.5.
So it's better to have the counter.
But wait, if I send a mixed army, the most numerous type sets the counter. If I send 6 spearman, I have the counter. If I send 3 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight, the enemy has the counter (knight counters archer).
So to minimize losses, I should send an army where the most numerous type counters the enemy's most numerous type.
For Salamanca (1 knight), I should send mostly spearmen.
For Murcia (1 spearman, 4 archers, 1 knight), the most numerous is archer. Archer counters spearman. So if I send mostly archers, I have the counter? No, archer counters spearman. The enemy's most numerous is archer. So if I send mostly archers, it's archer vs archer, no counter. If I send mostly knights, knight counters archer, so I have the counter!
Wait, let's check: enemy is archer. Knight counters archer. So if I send mostly knights, I get the 1.5x multiplier.
If I send mostly spearmen, spearman does not counter archer. So no counter.
So to attack Murcia (mostly archers), I should send mostly knights!
Let's check Vigo (4 archers, 2 knights). Most numerous is archer. So I should send mostly knights.
Toledo (2 spearmen, 4 archers, 2 knights). Most numerous is archer. So I should send mostly knights.

Let's check my available knights:
- Barcelona: 4 knight
- Tarragona: 1 knight
- Girona: 5 knight
- Castellon: 0 knight
- Zaragoza: 13 knight
- Huesca: 0 knight
- Valencia: 1 knight
- Teruel: 3 knight
- Madrid: 2 knight
- Pamplona: 1 knight
- Burgos: 2 knight
Total knights: 4+1+5+0+13+0+1+3+2+1+2 = 32 knights.
I have plenty of knights.

Let's plan the attacks.
I want to attack Salamanca (7) because it's very weak (defense 3).
But Salamanca is connected to Madrid (12). Madrid is my village.
If I attack Salamanca from Madrid, I need to send troops from Madrid.
Madrid has 3 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight. If I send them all, Madrid will be empty.
But Madrid is a border village, connected to Salamanca (7) and Toledo (8). If I empty Madrid, the enemy might attack it next turn. But the enemy's troops are in Salamanca and Toledo. If I attack Salamanca, the enemy might attack Madrid from Toledo.
To prevent this, I should reinforce Madrid or attack Toledo at the same time.
Actually, I can send troops from Zaragoza (17) to Madrid (12) to reinforce it. Zaragoza has 6 spearman, 8 archer, 13 knight. I can send some troops to Madrid.
But movement takes 1 turn. If I send troops from Zaragoza to Madrid, they will arrive next turn. Meanwhile, I attack Salamanca from Madrid this turn.
Wait, orders are simultaneous. If I order an attack from Madrid to Salamanca, and an order to move troops from Zaragoza to Madrid, the troops from Zaragoza will arrive at Madrid after the attack on Salamanca has already left. So Madrid will be empty during the attack, and if the enemy attacks Madrid, they will find it empty (or rather, the attack on Salamanca has left, so Madrid has no troops). But the enemy doesn't know my orders. The enemy writes their orders at the same time, over the same snapshot. So the enemy sees Madrid with 9 troops. If they decide to attack Madrid, they will send troops. But if I send all troops from Madrid to Salamanca, Madrid will be empty when the enemy arrives. But the enemy's troops will march and arrive at Madrid. If Madrid is empty, they will occupy it.
So I should not leave border villages completely empty if they can be attacked.
But Salamanca is very weak. If I attack it with all of Madrid's troops, I will likely conquer it. Then Madrid is safe because Salamanca is mine.
But what if Toledo attacks Madrid at the same time? Toledo has 2 spearmen, 4 archers, 2 knights. If Toledo attacks Madrid, they will meet my troops that are still in Madrid (if I didn't send them all) or they will find Madrid empty (if I sent them all).
If I send all troops from Madrid to Salamanca, Madrid is empty. Toledo's troops will march to Madrid and occupy it. That's bad.
So I should keep some troops in Madrid, or attack Toledo as well.
But I can only send one order per village? The rules say: "movements": [ {"fromId": ..., "toId": ..., "troops": {...}} ]. It seems I can send multiple movements from the same village? No, usually in these games, you can send one army from a village, but you can split it? The format says "troops": {"spearman": n, "archer": n, "knight": n}. It doesn't say I can send multiple separate armies from the same village. So I probably have to send one army from each village.
So from Madrid, I can send one army to Salamanca. I can choose how many troops to send.
If I send 3 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight (all of them), Madrid is empty.
If I send 2 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight, I leave 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight in Madrid.
Let's calculate the attack power needed to beat Salamanca.
Salamanca defense: 3. It has 1 knight.
If I send 2 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous is archer (3). Enemy is knight (1). Knight counters archer, so enemy has counter. Enemy force = 3 * 1.5 = 4.5? No, the enemy's effective defense is 3. If they have the counter, it's 3 * 1.5 = 4.5.
My attack: 2*1 + 3*2 + 1*4 = 2 + 6 + 4 = 12. No counter for me. My force is 12. Enemy force is 4.5. I win, but I take losses.
If I send 3 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight. Most numerous is spearman (3). Enemy is knight (1). Spearman counters knight, so I have the counter. My force = (3*1 + 1*2) * 1.5 = 5 * 1.5 = 7.5. Enemy force = 3. I win with more margin and less losses? Actually, the winner takes losses against the loser's effective force. So if my force is 7.5 and enemy is 3, my losses are proportional to 3. If my force is 12 and enemy is 4.5, my losses are proportional to 4.5. So having the counter reduces my losses.
But wait, the rule says: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
So the winner loses troops equal to the loser's effective force? Or proportional? "attrition against the loser's effective force" probably means the winner loses some troops based on the loser's force. Usually in these games, the winner loses a number of troops equal to the loser's effective force, or a fraction. But the exact formula isn't given. It just says "The winner also take losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
So to minimize losses, I want the loser's effective force to be as low as possible. If I have the counter, the enemy's force is not multiplied, so it's lower. If the enemy has the counter, their force is multiplied, so it's higher, meaning I take more losses.
So it's better to have the counter.
For Salamanca (1 knight), I should send mostly spearmen.
Madrid has 3 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight. If I send 3 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight, that's 3 spearman. Most numerous is spearman. I have the counter. My attack = 3 * 1.5 = 4.5. Enemy defense = 3. I win.
But I leave 4 archer and 2 knight in Madrid. Madrid defense becomes 4*2 + 2*4 = 8 + 8 = 16? Wait, defense in a village is x1.25. But the report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 23" for Madrid. That's the current defense. If I remove 3 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight, the remaining troops are 0 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight? No, Madrid has 3 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight. If I send 3 spearman, I leave 4 archer, 2 knight. The effective defense would be lower. But the report says Madrid's effective defense is 23. That includes the location bonus. If I leave 4 archer and 2 knight, their defense is 4*2 + 2*4 = 16. With location bonus (x1.25), it's 20. So Madrid's defense drops from 23 to 20. That's still decent.
But wait, if I send 3 spearman, I use all my spearman from Madrid. That's fine.
But can I send more? I can send 3 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight. Then most numerous is still spearman (3 vs 1). Attack = (3*1 + 1*2) * 1.5 = 5 * 1.5 = 7.5. Enemy defense = 3. I win easily. I leave 3 archer, 2 knight in Madrid. Defense = 3*2 + 2*4 = 14. With bonus, 17.5.
Actually, I want to conquer Salamanca quickly. The more troops I send, the faster I win, but the more troops I leave in Madrid.
Let's check the march time: Madrid to Salamanca is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So it takes 1 turn for fast troops, but if I send slow troops, it takes longer. Wait, the march time is "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". This means if I send only slow troops, it takes 1 turn? No, "1 slow" means 1 turn for slow troops. "1 medium" means 1 turn for medium troops. "1 fast" means 1 turn for fast troops. So all troop types take 1 turn to march from Madrid to Salamanca. That's great!
So the attack will arrive next turn.
If I send troops from Madrid to Salamanca, they will arrive next turn. If the enemy attacks Madrid this turn, their troops will also arrive next turn. So the battle for Madrid will happen next turn, after my troops have left. So Madrid will have fewer troops.
To protect Madrid, I should reinforce it from Zaragoza. Zaragoza to Madrid is also 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So if I send troops from Zaragoza to Madrid, they will arrive next turn, at the same time as the enemy's attack (if any). But wait, if I send troops from Madrid to Salamanca, and from Zaragoza to Madrid, the troops from Zaragoza will arrive at Madrid and join the garrison. But the troops from Madrid are already gone. So Madrid will have the reinforcements from Zaragoza.
But the enemy might attack Madrid from Toledo. Toledo has 2 spearmen, 4 archers, 2 knights. If they attack Madrid, they will meet my reinforcements from Zaragoza.
So I should send a good reinforcement from Zaragoza to Madrid.
Zaragoza has 6 spearman, 8 archer, 13 knight. I can send, say, 4 spearman, 4 archer, 6 knight to Madrid. That's a strong force.
But wait, Zaragoza is also a border village? No, Zaragoza is INTERIOR (no enemy border). It's connected to Madrid, Teruel, Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona. So it's safe from direct attack.
So I can send a large force from Zaragoza to Madrid to reinforce it, while Madrid sends troops to attack Salamanca.
This is a good plan: attack Salamanca from Madrid, reinforce Madrid from Zaragoza.

Let's also look at other fronts.
Valencia (16) borders Murcia (15). Murcia has 1 spearman, 4 archers, 1 knight, defense 15.
Valencia has 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. It's very weak. If I send the 1 knight to attack Murcia, Valencia will be empty. But Valencia is bordered by Murcia (enemy) and Teruel (mine) and Castellon (mine). The enemy can only reach Valencia via Murcia. So if I attack Murcia, the enemy might counter-attack from Murcia? But Murcia is the target, so its troops are defending. If I conquer Murcia, Valencia is safe. But during the attack, Valencia is empty. If the enemy has other troops nearby, they could attack Valencia. But the only enemy village near Valencia is Murcia. Cordoba (11) is also near, but it's further. So Valencia is relatively safe.
But wait, the enemy might send troops from Cordoba to Valencia? Cordoba is connected to Murcia (15) and Toledo (8) and Sevilha (9). So Cordoba can send troops to Murcia, and then from Murcia to Valencia? No, armies march along roads. Cordoba to Valencia: Cordoba -> Murcia -> Valencia. But an army stops at the first village that is not yours. So if Cordoba sends troops to Valencia, they will stop at Murcia (enemy) and fight there. They won't reach Valencia unless Murcia is conquered. So Valencia is safe as long as Murcia is enemy.
So I can safely send Valencia's 1 knight to attack Murcia. But 1 knight is not enough to beat Murcia (defense 15). I need to send more troops from other villages to Valencia to attack Murcia, or send them directly to Murcia? Wait, I can send troops from Castellon (18) or Teruel (13) to Valencia, and then from Valencia to Murcia. But that takes 2 turns. Or I can send troops from Castellon to Murcia directly? The road network: Castellon (18) -> Valencia (16) -> Murcia (15). So Castellon cannot attack Murcia directly; they must go through Valencia. If Valencia is mine, they can pass through. But if I send troops from Castellon to Murcia, they will march Castellon -> Valencia -> Murcia. At Valencia, they will stop if Valencia is not mine? Valencia is mine, so they pass through. But the rule says: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". Since Valencia is mine, they don't stop. So they can go from Castellon to Murcia directly in terms of path, but they have to march through Valencia. The march time would be Castellon to Valencia (1 turn) + Valencia to Murcia (1 turn) = 2 turns.
So I can send troops from Castellon to Murcia, and they will arrive in 2 turns.
But I can also send troops from Zaragoza to Valencia to reinforce it, and then from Valencia attack Murcia.
Actually, let's look at the big picture.
I have 11 villages. I need 7 more.
Enemy villages I can see: Murcia (15), Salamanca (7), Toledo (8), Vigo (10).
Known from before: Cordoba (11), Badajoz (4), Porto (6).
Unexplored: Coimbra (3), Sevilha (9), Faro (5), Santarem (1), Lisboa (0), Evora (2).
That's 6 unexplored villages. Some of them might be enemy, some might be neutral? The problem says "Neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type." But the report says "ENEMY (King A)" for the ones I see. So they are enemy villages. The unexplored ones might be enemy or neutral. The enemy capital is Lisboa (0). So there are at least 1 enemy capital + 7 known enemy villages = 8 enemy villages. The total map has 24 villages. I have 11. So there are 13 enemy/neutral villages. I know 7 enemy villages (Murcia, Salamanca, Toledo, Vigo, Cordoba, Badajoz, Porto) + 1 capital (Lisboa) = 8. So there are 5 unexplored villages (Coimbra, Sevilha, Faro, Santarem, Evora). Some might be neutral, some enemy.
If I can conquer the known enemy villages, I will get 7 more villages, reaching 18. That would win the game.
So my goal is to conquer the 7 known enemy villages: Murcia, Salamanca, Toledo, Vigo, Cordoba, Badajoz, Porto.
But some of them are strong or far.
Let's prioritize the weak ones: Salamanca (defense 3), Vigo (defense 15), Murcia (defense 15), Toledo (defense 20).
Cordoba (last seen: 2 spearmen, 7 archers, 2 knights) - defense unknown, but likely high.
Badajoz (last seen: 6 archers) - defense unknown.
Porto (last seen: 2 archers, 2 knights) - defense unknown.

Let's plan to attack Salamanca and Vigo this turn, as they are the weakest.
For Salamanca: attack from Madrid (12).
For Vigo: attack from Burgos (14).
For Murcia: attack from Valencia (16) or reinforce Valencia first.
For Toledo: attack from Teruel (13) or Madrid (12).

Let's check Burgos (14) and Vigo (10).
Burgos has 0 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight. Defense 20.
Vigo has 4 archers, 2 knights. Defense 15.
To attack Vigo, I should send troops from Burgos.
Vigo's most numerous type is archer (4). So I should send mostly knights to counter archers.
Burgos has 6 archer, 2 knight. If I send 0 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight, the most numerous is archer. Archer vs archer: no counter. My attack = 6*2 + 2*4 = 12 + 8 = 20. Enemy defense = 15. I win, but no counter.
If I send mostly knights, but Burgos only has 2 knights. I can send 2 knights and some archers, but then archers are more numerous. I don't have enough knights to make them the most numerous.
I can send troops from Pamplona (19) or Madrid (12) to Burgos to reinforce it with knights.
Pamplona has 1 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. Madrid has 3 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight.
If I send Madrid's 2 knights to Burgos, Burgos will have 2 (original) + 2 (from Madrid) = 4 knights, and 6 archers. Still archers are more numerous.
If I send Pamplona's 1 knight to Burgos, Burgos has 3 knights, 6 archers. Still archers more.
To make knights the most numerous, I need more than 6 knights in Burgos. That's a lot.
Alternatively, I can just attack with the troops I have, accepting no counter. My attack power 20 vs defense 15 is enough to win.
But I will take losses. The enemy's effective defense is 15. If I win, I take losses proportional to 15. If I can get the counter, the enemy's defense is still 15, but my attack is multiplied, so I win faster and take fewer losses? Actually, the losses are against the loser's effective force. The loser's force is 15. If I have the counter, my force is multiplied, but the loser's force is still 15. So my losses are the same? The rule says: "The winner also take losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." It doesn't say the winner's losses are proportional to the winner's force. It says the winner takes losses against the loser's effective force. So the loser's force determines the winner's losses. If the loser's force is 15, the winner loses some amount based on 15. If the winner has a counter, it doesn't reduce the loser's force, so the winner still loses the same amount. But the winner might lose fewer troops because they have more effective force? Actually, the attrition is probably a fixed formula, like the winner loses a number of troops equal to the loser's effective force divided by something. But since it's not specified, I should just try to win with as few troops as possible to leave more for other attacks.
Actually, if I send a smaller army that still wins, I lose fewer troops? No, the losses are against the loser's force, not the winner's force. So if the loser's force is 15, the winner will lose some troops regardless of how big the winner's army is. But if the winner's army is smaller than the loser's force, they might be destroyed? "The losing army is destroyed entirely; the winner takes losses and keeps marching." So the winner always takes some losses, but if the winner's army is very large, they can absorb the losses. If the winner's army is small, they might be destroyed if the losses exceed their troops.
So it's better to send a large enough army to ensure victory, but not so large that I leave my villages defenseless.
For Vigo, defense 15. If I send 6 archer, 2 knight from Burgos, attack = 20. I win. Losses will be based on Vigo's force (15). I might lose some troops. But I will conquer Vigo, which gives me a new village.
Burgos will be left with 0 troops if I send all. But Burgos is connected to Vigo (enemy), Madrid (mine), Pamplona (mine). If I empty Burgos, the enemy could attack it from Vigo? But Vigo is the target, so its troops are defending. If I conquer Vigo, Burgos is safe. But during the attack, Burgos is empty. If the enemy has troops in Porto (6) or elsewhere, they could attack Burgos. Porto is connected to Vigo (10) and Coimbra (3) and Salamanca (7). So Porto can attack Vigo or Burgos? Porto to Burgos: Porto -> Vigo -> Burgos. But Vigo is enemy, so an army from Porto going to Burgos would stop at Vigo and fight there. So they can't reach Burgos directly unless Vigo is conquered. So Burgos is safe as long as Vigo is enemy.
So I can safely send all of Burgos's troops to attack Vigo.
But wait, Burgos has 0 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight. If I send them all, Burgos is empty. What if the enemy attacks Burgos from Madrid? Madrid is mine, so enemy can't attack from there. From Pamplona? Pamplona is mine. So Burgos is only connected to Vigo (enemy), Madrid (mine), Pamplona (mine). So the only way to attack Burgos is through Vigo. So it's safe.
So I can send all troops from Burgos to Vigo.
Similarly, for Salamanca, I can send all troops from Madrid to Salamanca, because Madrid is only connected to Salamanca (enemy), Toledo (enemy), Burgos (mine), Zaragoza (mine). If I empty Madrid, the enemy could attack it from Salamanca or Toledo. But if I attack Salamanca, the enemy in Salamanca is defending, so they can't attack Madrid at the same time (they are defending). But Toledo could attack Madrid! Toledo is connected to Madrid. So if I empty Madrid, Toledo could attack Madrid and conquer it. That's a risk.
So I should not empty Madrid. I should leave some troops to defend it, or reinforce it from Zaragoza.
But if I reinforce Madrid from Zaragoza, the reinforcements will arrive next turn. If Toledo attacks Madrid this turn, their troops will arrive next turn, and they will meet my reinforcements (if I sent them) or the remaining troops in Madrid (if I left some).
Actually, if I send some troops from Madrid to Salamanca, and leave some in Madrid, Madrid will have fewer troops but still some. If Toledo attacks, they will fight my remaining troops. If I also send reinforcements from Zaragoza, they will arrive and join the fight.
So the best is to send a strong attack to Salamanca, but leave enough troops in Madrid to defend it, and send reinforcements from Zaragoza.
Let's calculate the numbers.
Madrid has 3 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight. Total 9 troops. Effective defense 23.
Salamanca has 1 knight. Effective defense 3.
If I send 2 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight to Salamanca. That's 6 troops. I leave 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight in Madrid (3 troops). Madrid defense drops to about 1/3 of 23 = ~7.6.
Toledo has 2 spearmen, 4 archers, 2 knights. Attack power = 2*1 + 4*2 + 2*4 = 2+8+8 = 18. If they attack Madrid, they will fight my 3 troops (defense ~7.6) plus any reinforcements.
If I send reinforcements from Zaragoza: Zaragoza has 6 spearman, 8 archer, 13 knight. I can send, say, 4 spearman, 4 archer, 6 knight to Madrid. That's 14 troops. They will arrive next turn.
So next turn, Madrid will have 3 (remaining) + 14 (reinforcements) = 17 troops. That's enough to defend against Toledo.
But wait, if I send reinforcements from Zaragoza to Madrid, Zaragoza will have fewer troops. Zaragoza is interior, so it's safe. But it's also my main army hub. I should keep it strong.
Zaragoza has 27 troops total. If I send 14, I leave 13. That's still decent.
But I also need to attack other villages. I might want to send troops from Zaragoza to other places.
Let's think about a broader strategy.
I have 11 villages. I need to conquer 7 more.
The enemy has 8 known villages (including capital). If I conquer all of them, I will have 19 villages, which is more than 18. So I just need to conquer most of the enemy villages.
The unexplored villages might be neutral or enemy. If they are neutral, I can conquer them later. If they are enemy, they are part of the 24.
Actually, the total is 24 villages. I have 11. Enemy has some. Let's count the known ones:
My villages: 11.
Enemy villages seen: Murcia (15), Salamanca (7), Toledo (8), Vigo (10). That's 4.
Known from before: Cordoba (11), Badajoz (4), Porto (6). That's 3.
Unexplored: Coimbra (3), Sevilha (9), Faro (5), Santarem (1), Lisboa (0), Evora (2). That's 6.
Total: 11 + 4 + 3 + 6 = 24.
So the 6 unexplored are either enemy or neutral. The enemy capital is Lisboa (0), so that's definitely enemy. The other 5 might be enemy or neutral.
If I conquer the 7 known enemy villages (Murcia, Salamanca, Toledo, Vigo, Cordoba, Badajoz, Porto), I will have 18 villages, which is 75%. That wins the game, regardless of the unexplored ones.
So my goal is to conquer those 7.
Let's list them and their defenses:
- Salamanca (7): defense 3 (very weak)
- Vigo (10): defense 15
- Murcia (15): defense 15
- Toledo (8): defense 20
- Cordoba (11): last seen 2 spearmen, 7 archers, 2 knights (defense unknown, probably high)
- Badajoz (4): last seen 6 archers (defense unknown)
- Porto (6): last seen 2 archers, 2 knights (defense unknown)

I should attack the weak ones first: Salamanca, Vigo, Murcia.
Then use the newly conquered villages to launch further attacks.
For example, if I conquer Salamanca, it becomes my village. I can use it to attack Badajoz or Porto.
If I conquer Vigo, I can use it to attack Porto.
If I conquer Murcia, I can use it to attack Cordoba.

Let's plan this turn's attacks.
I can attack Salamanca from Madrid.
I can attack Vigo from Burgos.
I can attack Murcia from Valencia (but Valencia is weak, I need to send troops to Valencia first).
I can also attack Toledo from Teruel or Madrid.

Let's check the march times:
- Madrid to Salamanca: 1 turn (all speeds).
- Burgos to Vigo: 1 turn (all speeds).
- Valencia to Murcia: 1 turn (all speeds).
- Teruel to Toledo: 1 turn (all speeds).
- Madrid to Toledo: 1 turn (all speeds).

So I can launch multiple attacks this turn, and they will all arrive next turn.
But I need to have enough troops to attack and still defend my own villages.
Let's check my total troops: 89.
If I send:
- Madrid (9 troops) to Salamanca: conquers it, but leaves Madrid empty. Risk of Toledo attacking Madrid.
- Burgos (8 troops) to Vigo: conquers it, leaves Burgos empty. But Burgos is safe.
- Valencia (1 troop) to Murcia: not enough, Murcia has defense 15. I need to send more to Murcia.
- Teruel (7 troops) to Toledo: Toledo has defense 20. Teruel has 3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight. Attack = 3*1 + 1*2 + 3*4 = 3+2+12 = 17. Not enough to beat Toledo (defense 20). I would lose.
So I need to reinforce Teruel or Madrid before attacking Toledo.

Let's focus on the easy wins: Salamanca and Vigo.
For Salamanca: I need to send troops from Madrid. But I must protect Madrid from Toledo.
Solution: send some troops from Zaragoza to Madrid to reinforce it, and send the rest of Madrid's troops to attack Salamanca.
For Vigo: send all of Burgos's troops to attack Vigo. Burgos is safe.
For Murcia: I need to send troops to Valencia first, then from Valencia attack Murcia. Or send troops from Castellon to Valencia, and then next turn from Valencia to Murcia. But that takes 2 turns. I can also send troops from Zaragoza to Valencia, then Valencia to Murcia.
Actually, I can send troops from Castellon (18) to Valencia (16) to reinforce Valencia. Castellon has 5 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight. Valencia has 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. If I send Castellon's troops to Valencia, Valencia will have 5 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. Then next turn, I can attack Murcia from Valencia.
But wait, I can also send troops directly from Castellon to Murcia? The road is Castellon -> Valencia -> Murcia. Since Valencia is mine, they can pass through. So I can order Castellon to march to Murcia. They will march Castellon -> Valencia -> Murcia. The march time: Castellon to Valencia is 1 turn, Valencia to Murcia is 1 turn. So total 2 turns. But the rule says: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". Valencia is mine, so they don't stop. They just march through. So they will arrive at Murcia in 2 turns.
But if I order Castellon to Murcia, they will leave Castellon this turn, arrive at Valencia next turn (but they don't stop, they just pass through), and arrive at Murcia the turn after. So the attack on Murcia will happen in 2 turns.
Meanwhile, I can also send Valencia's 1 knight to Murcia this turn. It will arrive next turn. But 1 knight is not enough. So I might want to send more from Valencia. But Valencia only has 1 knight. I can send troops from Zaragoza to Valencia to reinforce it, then next turn attack Murcia.
Actually, let's look at the bigger picture. I don't need to attack all at once. I can attack Salamanca and Vigo this turn, and then next turn use the conquered villages to launch more attacks.
If I conquer Salamanca, it becomes my village. I can then use it to attack Badajoz or Porto.
If I conquer Vigo, it becomes my village. I can use it to attack Porto.
So this turn, let's focus on Salamanca and Vigo.
Also, I should start building troops in my villages to have more to attack with.
Let's check the build orders.
Each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn.
Costs: spearman 15 wood, archer 20 wood + 10 iron, knight 30 wood + 30 iron.
I should build troops in my villages to increase my army.
Which villages should build?
- Zaragoza: has 60 wood, 40 iron. Can build 4 spearman (60 wood) or 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). I should build knights because they are more powerful, but they cost iron. Zaragoza has 40 iron, so it can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and have 30 wood, 10 iron left. Or build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) and have 20 wood, 20 iron left. Or build 4 spearmen (60 wood) and have 0 wood, 40 iron left.
Actually, I need to decide what to build based on the enemy I'm facing.
For attacking Salamanca (1 knight), I need spearmen. For attacking Vigo (archers), I need knights. For attacking Murcia (archers), I need knights. For Toledo (archers), I need knights.
So knights are very useful against the enemy's main force (archers). I should build knights where possible.
But knights cost 30 iron. Only some villages have enough iron.
Let's check iron production: each village produces 20 iron per turn. But they also spend iron on builds. So the iron stock increases by 20 minus the cost of builds.
Villages with high iron stock:
- Barcelona: 50 iron. Can build 1 knight (30 iron).
- Castellon: 50 iron. Can build 1 knight (30 iron).
- Valencia: 60 iron. Can build 2 knights (60 iron)! But Valencia only has 1 knight at home. If I build 2 knights, it will have 3 knights. But Valencia is a border village, I might want to send troops away.
- Madrid: 60 iron. Can build 2 knights (60 iron).
- Burgos: 110 iron! Can build 3 knights (90 iron) or 2 knights and some archers.
- Zaragoza: 40 iron. Can build 1 knight.
- Teruel: 40 iron. Can build 1 knight.
- Tarragona: 40 iron. Can build 1 knight.
- Girona: 40 iron. Can build 1 knight.
- Huesca: 40 iron. Can build 1 knight.
- Pamplona: 40 iron. Can build 1 knight.

So I can build knights in many villages. But I also need to consider wood.
Wood production: 30 per turn.
Costs: spearman 15 wood, archer 20 wood, knight 30 wood.
Villages with wood stock:
- Barcelona: 65 wood. Can build 1 knight (30 wood) or 2 archers (40 wood) or 4 spearman (60 wood).
- Tarragona: 65 wood.
- Girona: 65 wood.
- Castellon: 65 wood.
- Zaragoza: 60 wood.
- Huesca: 60 wood.
- Valencia: 60 wood.
- Teruel: 60 wood.
- Madrid: 100 wood! Can build 3 knights (90 wood) or 5 spearman (75 wood) etc.
- Pamplona: 70 wood.
- Burgos: 70 wood.

So Madrid has a lot of wood and iron. It can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and have 40 wood, 0 iron left. Or build 3 knights? 3 knights cost 90 wood, 90 iron. Madrid has 100 wood, 60 iron. So it can only build 2 knights due to iron limit.
Burgos has 70 wood, 110 iron. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and have 10 wood, 50 iron left. Or 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron) but wood is only 70, so only 2 knights.
Actually, I should build troops that are useful for the next attacks.
Since I plan to attack Vigo (archers) and Murcia (archers) and Toledo (archers), knights are very useful. I should build knights in Madrid, Burgos, Zaragoza, etc.
But I also need spearmen for Salamanca (knight). But Salamanca is very weak, I might not need many spearmen. A few spearmen with the counter can beat it.
Actually, if I attack Salamanca with mostly spearmen, I get the counter. But I can also just send a mixed army and win, even if I don't have the counter. The difference in losses might not be huge because Salamanca's defense is only 3.
Let's calculate the optimal army for Salamanca.
Salamanca: 1 knight, defense 3.
If I send 3 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. Attack = 3. Counter (spearman vs knight) = 3 * 1.5 = 4.5. Defense = 3. I win. Losses: I lose some troops based on the enemy's force (3). My army is 3 spearman. If I lose, say, 1 or 2 spearman, I might still win but with few troops left. But since I conquer the village, the surviving troops will be in the new village. So it's fine.
If I send 2 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight. Most numerous is spearman (2). Attack = 2*1 + 1*2 = 4. Counter = 4 * 1.5 = 6. Defense = 3. I win with more attack power. Losses based on 3.
If I send 1 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight. Most numerous is archer (2). Enemy is knight. Knight counters archer, so enemy has counter. Enemy force = 3 * 1.5 = 4.5. My attack = 1*1 + 2*2 = 5. No counter. My force 5 vs enemy 4.5. I win, but enemy has counter, so my losses might be higher.
So it's better to send mostly spearmen.
But Madrid has 3 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight. If I send 3 spearman and 1 archer, I leave 3 archer and 2 knight in Madrid. That's a good defense.
Let's decide on the attack force for Salamanca:
From Madrid, send 3 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight. Attack = (3*1 + 1*2) * 1.5 = 5 * 1.5 = 7.5. Enemy defense = 3. Win.
Leave in Madrid: 0 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight. Defense = 3*2 + 2*4 = 6 + 8 = 14. With location bonus (x1.25), effective defense = 17.5. That's decent.
Reinforce Madrid from Zaragoza: send, say, 4 spearman, 4 archer, 6 knight from Zaragoza. That's 14 troops. They will arrive next turn. So Madrid will have 3 archer, 2 knight + 4 spearman, 4 archer, 6 knight = 4 spearman, 7 archer, 8 knight. Total 19 troops. Very strong.
Zaragoza will have left: 6-4=2 spearman, 8-4=4 archer, 13-6=7 knight. Total 13 troops. Still strong.

For Vigo:
From Burgos, send all troops: 0 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight. Attack = 6*2 + 2*4 = 12 + 8 = 20. Enemy defense = 15. Win. No counter (archer vs archer). But 20 > 15, so win.
Leave in Burgos: 0 troops. But Burgos is safe.
Burgos will produce resources and can build troops next turn.

For Murcia:
I need to send troops to attack Murcia. Valencia has only 1 knight. I can send troops from Castellon to Valencia to reinforce it, and then next turn attack Murcia. Or I can send troops from Zaragoza to Valencia.
But wait, I can also send troops from Teruel to Valencia? Teruel is connected to Valencia (16) via road: Teruel -> Valencia. March time: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So 1 turn.
Teruel has 3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight. I can send some to Valencia.
But I also need to consider that Valencia is a border village. If I send troops to Valencia, they will reinforce it. Then next turn, I can attack Murcia from Valencia.
But I can also attack Murcia this turn by sending troops from Valencia? Valencia only has 1 knight. Not enough.
What if I send troops from Castellon to Murcia directly? Castellon -> Valencia -> Murcia. 2 turns. I can order that this turn, and they will arrive in 2 turns. Meanwhile, I can also send Valencia's 1 knight to Murcia this turn (arrives in 1 turn). But the 1 knight will arrive first and fight alone? The rule says: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if I send 1 knight from Valencia and later Castellon's troops, they will fight separately. The 1 knight will arrive next turn and fight Murcia alone. It will lose. Then the next turn, Castellon's troops arrive and fight the remaining Murcia g
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
placar: A 13 ald/tropas 45 | B 11 ald/tropas 89 | neutras 0 | transito 4 (A 4 | B 0)

########## TURNO 21 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4513 | resposta 13788 | raciocinio 9205 | finish stop | ms 127554
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 7, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 8, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 9, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 10, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 10, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 11, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 11, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 15, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 8, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 12, \"knight\": 12}},\n    {\"fromId\": 7, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 3}},\n    {\"fromId\": 10, \"toId\": 14, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 8, \"knight\": 6}},\n    {\"fromId\": 15, \"toId\": 16, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 11, \"toId\": 8, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 1, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 9, \"toId\": 11, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 4}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Turn 21: Attack Madrid from Toledo and Salamanca, Burgos from Vigo. Reinforce Valencia from Murcia, Cordoba to Toledo, Sevilha to Cordoba. Turn 22: Attack Teruel from Valencia/Toledo, push towards Zaragoza from Madrid. Turn 23: Attack Castellon from Valencia, expand north. Build archers and knights in all villages to maintain momentum.\",\n  \"statement\": \"Turn 21: My armies in Toledo and Salamanca march to conquer Madrid, while Vigo's forces strike Burgos. We reinforce Valencia and Toledo to prepare for the next phase of our campaign to reach 18 villages. The enemy will not stop our expansion!\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A in a turn-based strategy game.
Let's analyze the rules, the current state (Turn 21), and the previous campaign plan.

Goal: Hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.
Currently hold 14 of 24 villages.
Enemy villages currently visible:
- [12] Madrid (enemy): garrison 3 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knights, def 23
- [13] Teruel (enemy): garrison 3 spearmen, 1 archer, 3 knights, def 18
- [14] Burgos (enemy): garrison 6 archers, 2 knights, def 20
- [18] Castellon (enemy): garrison 5 spearmen, 2 archers, def 18
Known from before:
- [21] Tarragona (enemy)
- [17] Zaragoza (enemy)
- [19] Pamplona (enemy)
- [20] Huesca (enemy)
- [22] Barcelona (enemy capital)

Total villages: 24.
My villages (14):
[0] Lisboa (Capital)
[1] Santarem
[2] Evora
[3] Coimbra
[4] Badajoz
[5] Faro
[6] Porto
[7] Salamanca
[8] Toledo
[9] Sevilha
[10] Vigo
[11] Cordoba
[15] Murcia
[16] Valencia (conquered last turn, Turn 21)

Wait, the prompt says "You attacked [16] Valencia: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 1 troop)" in the "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" section. So Valencia is now mine, bringing my total to 14.
Let's count my villages: 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 15, 16. That is 14 villages.
To win by holding 18 villages, I need to conquer 4 more enemy villages.
Enemy villages:
[12] Madrid
[13] Teruel
[14] Burgos
[17] Zaragoza
[18] Castellon
[19] Pamplona
[20] Huesca
[21] Tarragona
[22] Barcelona (capital)
[23] Girona (unexplored)
Total enemy villages: 10.
If I conquer 4 of them, I will have 18 villages.
Let's look at the available troops and resources.
My troops:
[0] Lisboa: 6 troops (3 archer, 3 knight). Wood 30, Iron 30.
[1] Santarem: 9 troops (7 archer, 2 knight). Wood 30, Iron 20.
[2] Evora: 6 troops (3 archer, 3 knight). Wood 30, Iron 20.
[3] Coimbra: 7 troops (5 archer, 2 knight). Wood 40, Iron 20.
[4] Badajoz: 2 troops (2 knight). Wood 30, Iron 20.
[5] Faro: 13 troops (10 archer, 3 knight). Wood 45, Iron 20.
[6] Porto: 4 troops (4 archer). Wood 50, Iron 30.
[7] Salamanca: 3 troops (3 knight). Wood 40, Iron 70.
[8] Toledo: 26 troops (2 spearman, 12 archer, 12 knight). Wood 30, Iron 20.
[9] Sevilha: 6 troops (2 archer, 4 knight). Wood 40, Iron 20.
[10] Vigo: 14 troops (8 archer, 6 knight). Wood 70, Iron 20.
[11] Cordoba: 3 troops (1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight). Wood 35, Iron 20.
[15] Murcia: 3 troops (3 archer). Wood 40, Iron 30.
[16] Valencia: 5 troops (1 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight). Wood 90, Iron 80.

Let's check the build capacity. Cap is 300. All villages are far below 300.
I can build troops in each village.
Costs:
spearman: 15 wood + 0 iron.
archer: 20 wood + 10 iron.
knight: 30 wood + 30 iron.

Let's look at the resources of each village:
[0] Lisboa: wood 30, iron 30. Can build:
- spearman: 2 (cost 30 wood, 0 iron)
- archer: 1 (cost 20 wood, 10 iron) or 3 (cost 60 wood, 30 iron) - wait, wood is 30, so max 1 archer (needs 20 wood, 10 iron). But we have 30 wood, 30 iron.
Let's calculate max builds per village based on current stock:
[0] Lisboa: wood 30, iron 30.
- archer: 1 (20 wood, 10 iron) -> remaining wood 10, iron 20.
- knight: 0 (needs 30 wood, 30 iron) - wait, wood is 30, iron is 30, so 1 knight is possible! (30 wood, 30 iron).
Let's do standard optimization. Or just build knights/archers where possible.
[1] Santarem: wood 30, iron 20.
- archer: 1 (20 wood, 10 iron) -> remaining wood 10, iron 10.
- spearman: 0 (needs 15 wood) -> 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) -> remaining wood -5. So either 1 archer or 2 spearman, or 1 spearman (15 wood).
Let's look at the overall resource production:
Each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn.
So every village gets +30 wood, +20 iron per turn.
Let's look at the current stock and what we can build:
[0] Lisboa: wood 30, iron 30. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron - total 35 wood, too much). So 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaves 10 wood, 20 iron. Or 2 spearman (30 wood).
Let's build:
- Lisboa: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Let's say 1 archer, 1 spearman? 20+15 = 35 wood, too much. 1 archer is good.
- Santarem: wood 30, iron 20. 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
- Evora: wood 30, iron 20. 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
- Coimbra: wood 40, iron 20. 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 35 wood, 10 iron. Or 1 knight (needs 30 wood, 30 iron - not enough iron). So 1 archer + 1 spearman, or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Let's do 2 archers.
- Badajoz: wood 30, iron 20. 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
- Faro: wood 45, iron 20. 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 archer + 1 spearman (35 wood).
- Porto: wood 50, iron 30. 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron - total 50 wood, 40 iron, too much iron). 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 20 wood, 0 iron. Then 1 spearman (15 wood). Total: 1 knight, 1 spearman (45 wood, 30 iron).
- Salamanca: wood 40, iron 70. 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron - total 50 wood, too much wood). 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 10 wood, 40 iron. Or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron - wood is 40, so no). 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) is good.
- Toledo: wood 30, iron 20. 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
- Sevilha: wood 40, iron 20. 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood).
- Vigo: wood 70, iron 20. 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 55 wood, 20 iron. Or 1 knight (needs 30 wood, 30 iron - no iron). So 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron - no iron). 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 55 wood.
- Cordoba: wood 35, iron 20. 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
- Murcia: wood 40, iron 30. 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
- Valencia: wood 90, iron 80. 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 80 wood, 70 iron. Or 2 knights + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 75 wood, 60 iron. Let's do 2 knights + 1 archer.

Let's look at the strategy.
My previous plan: "Turn 21: Attack Madrid from Toledo, Burgos from Vigo. Turn 22: Expand north from Madrid/Burgos towards Zaragoza and Pamplona."
But wait, the prompt says "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN: You attacked [16] Valencia: VICTORY, conquered".
So the previous plan's Turn 21 was actually executed last turn (or the turn numbering is offset, but the log says "You attacked [16] Valencia: VICTORY, conquered").
Now we are at Turn 21, and we need to write orders for Turn 21.
Let's look at the current front.
We have Valencia [16]. From Valencia, we can attack Teruel [13] or Castellon [18].
We have Toledo [8], which can attack Madrid [12] or Teruel [13].
We have Vigo [10], which can attack Burgos [14].
We have Salamanca [7], which can attack Madrid [12].
Let's look at the enemy villages:
- [12] Madrid: def 23. Garrison: 3 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knights.
- [13] Teruel: def 18. Garrison: 3 spearmen, 1 archer, 3 knights.
- [14] Burgos: def 20. Garrison: 6 archers, 2 knights.
- [18] Castellon: def 18. Garrison: 5 spearmen, 2 archers.

Let's check the march distances:
From [8] Toledo to [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns? Wait, the road network says:
[8] Toledo: [4], [11], [12], [13].
So Toledo is connected to Madrid [12] and Teruel [13].
March from [8] Toledo to [12] Madrid: "march from [8] Toledo: ... to [12] Madrid" - wait, the text says:
"from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" - that's for Lisboa.
For Toledo [8]: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 2 spearman, 12 archer, 12 knight...". It doesn't list the march times to Madrid/Teruel in the text, but the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" section says:
"[13] Teruel ... march from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
"[12] Madrid ... march from [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
Wait, what about from Toledo [8]?
Let's look at the road network:
[8] Toledo is connected to [12] Madrid and [13] Teruel.
Usually, the distance is 1 turn for fast, etc.
Let's look at the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" section:
"[13] Teruel ... march from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
"[12] Madrid ... march from [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
"[14] Burgos ... march from [10] Vigo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
"[18] Castellon ... march from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"

Let's check the troop counts and attack power.
At Toledo [8], we have 2 spearman, 12 archer, 12 knight. Total 26 troops.
If we send them to attack Madrid [12]:
Madrid has 3 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knights. Def 23.
Our troops: 2 spearman, 12 archer, 12 knight.
Most numerous type: archer (12) vs knight (12) vs spearman (2). Tie between archer and knight. Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So archer is the most numerous type.
Our army's most numerous type is archer.
Enemy's most numerous type: spearman (3) vs archer (4) vs knight (2). Archer (4).
Matchup: archer vs archer. No counter bonus (counter is spearman vs knight, archer vs spearman, knight vs archer).
Wait, archer vs archer is neutral.
Our attack power:
Archers: 12 * 2 attack = 24.
Knights: 12 * 4 attack = 48.
Spearmen: 2 * 1 attack = 2.
Total attack = 74.
Enemy defense (with location bonus already included in the report): 23.
Wait, the report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 23". So we just compare our attack (74) to their defense (23).
Since 74 > 23, we win easily.
But wait, do we send all 26 troops? If we send all, we leave Toledo undefended, but Toledo is interior and far from enemy except Madrid/Teruel. But Madrid is right there. If we attack Madrid, we should send a strong force.
Let's look at Vigo [10]: 8 archer, 6 knight. Total 14 troops.
Attack power: 8*2 + 6*4 = 16 + 24 = 40.
Target Burgos [14]: def 20. 40 > 20, we win.
Let's look at Valencia [16]: 1 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. Total 5 troops.
Attack power: 1*1 + 3*2 + 1*4 = 11.
Target Teruel [13]: def 18. 11 < 18, we would lose.
Target Castellon [18]: def 18. 11 < 18, we would lose.
So we need to reinforce Valencia or send troops from elsewhere.
Can we send troops from Murcia [15] to Valencia [16] to reinforce it, and then from Valencia to attack?
Murcia [15] has 3 archer. Attack power 6.
If we send Murcia's 3 archer to Valencia, Valencia will have 1 spearman, 6 archer, 1 knight. Attack power: 1 + 12 + 4 = 17. Still less than 18.
What about Cordoba [11]? 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Attack power 7.
If we send Cordoba to Valencia: Valencia gets +1 spearman, +1 archer, +1 knight.
Total at Valencia: 2 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight. Attack power: 2 + 8 + 8 = 18. Equal to Teruel's defense (18). Tie favors defender, so we might lose or tie.
What about Sevilha [9]? 2 archer, 4 knight. Attack power 12.
If we send Sevilha to Valencia: Valencia gets +2 archer, +4 knight.
Total: 1 spearman, 5 archer, 5 knight. Attack power: 1 + 10 + 20 = 31. That's enough to beat Teruel (18) or Castellon (18)!
Let's check the march from Sevilha [9] to Valencia [16].
Road network:
[9] Sevilha: [4], [5], [11].
[11] Cordoba: [8], [9], [15].
[15] Murcia: [11], [16].
[16] Valencia: [13], [15], [18].
So to go from Sevilha [9] to Valencia [16], the path is [9] -> [11] -> [15] -> [16].
This is 3 steps.
March times:
From [9] Sevilha to [11] Cordoba: 1 turn?
From [11] Cordoba to [15] Murcia: 1 turn?
From [15] Murcia to [16] Valencia: 1 turn?
Total 3 turns. But we can also send from Toledo [8] to Valencia [16] via [11] -> [15] -> [16] or [8] -> [13] (enemy, can't pass) -> [16].
Wait, Toledo [8] is connected to [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [4] Badajoz.
So Toledo to Valencia path: [8] -> [11] -> [15] -> [16]. That's also 3 steps.
What about Badajoz [4]? [4] is connected to [1], [5], [7], [8], [9].
What about Faro [5]? [5] is connected to [2], [4], [9].
What about Lisboa [0]? [0] -> [2] -> [5] -> [9] -> [11] -> [15] -> [16]. Very long.

Let's look at the immediate attacks we can launch this turn (Turn 21):
1. Attack Madrid [12] from Toledo [8] and/or Salamanca [7].
Toledo has 2 spearman, 12 archer, 12 knight.
Salamanca has 3 knight.
If we send Toledo's army to Madrid, and Salamanca's army to Madrid, they fight separately.
Wait, "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So sending from both Toledo and Salamanca to Madrid means two waves.
First wave: Toledo (26 troops, attack 74). Madrid def 23. Wave 1 wins, takes some losses, occupies Madrid? No, to conquer we need to defeat the garrison and then occupy. Wait, "You attacked here 2x in the last 8 turns (1 conquered)" for Madrid. So we already conquered it once, but it might have been lost or we are attacking it again?
Ah, "you attacked here 2x in the last 8 turns (1 conquered)". It means we conquered it before, but maybe it was retaken or we are attacking it again.
Let's look at the enemy garrison: "garrison: 3 spearmen, 4 archers, 2 knights". This is the current garrison.
If we attack Madrid with Toledo's full army, we will win.
Let's check if we should send Toledo's army to Madrid.
If we send Toledo's army to Madrid, we leave Toledo empty. But Toledo is our village, so it's safe unless the enemy attacks it. The enemy is King B, their villages are Madrid, Teruel, Burgos, etc. They might attack Toledo, but Toledo has a huge defense (effective defense 65!). So it's very safe.
What about Salamanca [7]? It has 3 knight. If we send them to Madrid, they fight after Toledo's army. But since Toledo's army already wins, Salamanca's army will just clean up.
Actually, we can send Toledo's army to Madrid, and Salamanca's army to Madrid.
Let's look at Burgos [14] from Vigo [10].
Vigo has 8 archer, 6 knight. Attack power 40. Burgos def 20. We win.
Should we send Vigo's army to Burgos? Yes, to conquer it.
What about Teruel [13] or Castellon [18]?
We don't have enough troops nearby to attack them effectively this turn unless we send reinforcements first.
But we can send reinforcements to Valencia [16] from Murcia [15] and Cordoba [11] and Sevilha [9].
Let's look at the march times:
From [15] Murcia to [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
From [11] Cordoba to [16] Valencia: wait, Cordoba is connected to [15], so [11] -> [15] -> [16] is 2 turns.
From [9] Sevilha to [16] Valencia: [9] -> [11] -> [15] -> [16] is 3 turns.
If we send troops from Murcia [15] to Valencia [16], they arrive in 1 turn (next turn, Turn 22).
If we send from Cordoba [11] to Valencia [16], they arrive in 2 turns (Turn 23).
If we send from Sevilha [9] to Valencia [16], they arrive in 3 turns (Turn 24).
So to attack Teruel [13] or Castellon [18] on Turn 22, we should send reinforcements from Murcia [15] now, so they arrive on Turn 22.
Let's check Murcia [15] troops: 3 archer.
If we send 3 archer from Murcia to Valencia, they arrive on Turn 22.
Valencia will then have 1 spearman, 6 archer, 1 knight.
On Turn 22, we can attack Teruel [13] or Castellon [18] from Valencia.
Wait, can we attack Teruel [13] from Toledo [8] on Turn 22?
Toledo is connected to [13] Teruel.
If we keep some troops in Toledo, we can attack Teruel from Toledo on Turn 22.
But if we send all Toledo troops to Madrid on Turn 21, they will be marching to Madrid (1 turn) and then what? After conquering Madrid, do they stay there or can we recall them? Usually, we can order them to move to Madrid, and then next turn order them to move to Teruel or Zaragoza.
Let's look at the campaign plan from last turn:
"Turn 21: Attack Madrid from Toledo, Burgos from Vigo. Turn 22: Expand north from Madrid/Burgos towards Zaragoza and Pamplona."
This plan makes sense!
Let's check if we can attack Madrid from Toledo, and Burgos from Vigo on Turn 21.
Yes, we have the troops.
Let's calculate the exact troop sends:
From Toledo [8] to Madrid [12]:
Send all available: 2 spearman, 12 archer, 12 knight.
From Vigo [10] to Burgos [14]:
Send all available: 8 archer, 6 knight.
From Salamanca [7] to Madrid [12]:
Send all available: 3 knight. (Or maybe keep them in Salamanca for defense? Salamanca is a border village, def 8. But Madrid is the main threat. Sending them to Madrid helps secure the conquest).
Let's check if we should send Salamanca's 3 knight to Madrid. Yes, they will arrive on Turn 22 (1 turn) and help occupy or attack further.
What about reinforcing Valencia?
We want to push towards Castellon [18] or Teruel [13].
Let's send Murcia [15]'s 3 archer to Valencia [16] to reinforce it.
Let's send Cordoba [11]'s troops to Valencia [16] or somewhere else?
Cordoba has 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. We can send them to Valencia [16] via Murcia [15] (2 turns).
Or send them to Toledo [8] to reinforce Toledo? Toledo is already strong.
Let's look at the build orders.
We should build troops in our villages to maintain our army.
Let's check the resource limits and build the best troops.
We want to build knights and archers because they have high attack power.
Let's look at the wood and iron of each village and build as many archers and knights as possible.

Let's do the math for builds:
[0] Lisboa: wood 30, iron 30.
Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
Let's build 1 knight.
[1] Santarem: wood 30, iron 20.
Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
Let's build 1 archer.
[2] Evora: wood 30, iron 20.
Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
Let's build 1 archer.
[3] Coimbra: wood 40, iron 20.
Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
Let's build 2 archers.
[4] Badajoz: wood 30, iron 20.
Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
Let's build 1 archer.
[5] Faro: wood 45, iron 20.
Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
Let's build 2 archers.
[6] Porto: wood 50, iron 30.
Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 45 wood, 30 iron.
Let's build 1 knight, 1 spearman.
[7] Salamanca: wood 40, iron 70.
Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 archer (needs 20 wood, 10 iron - total 50 wood, too much wood). So 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 10 wood, 40 iron.
Let's build 1 knight.
[8] Toledo: wood 30, iron 20.
Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
Let's build 1 archer.
[9] Sevilha: wood 40, iron 20.
Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
Let's build 2 archers.
[10] Vigo: wood 70, iron 20.
Can build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron - no iron). 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 55 wood, 20 iron.
Let's build 2 archers, 1 spearman.
[11] Cordoba: wood 35, iron 20.
Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
Let's build 1 archer.
[15] Murcia: wood 40, iron 30.
Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Knight has higher attack. Let's build 1 knight.
[16] Valencia: wood 90, iron 80.
Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 80 wood, 70 iron.
Let's build 2 knights, 1 archer.

Let's double check if we can build more.
For [16] Valencia: wood 90, iron 80.
2 knights = 60 wood, 60 iron.
1 archer = 20 wood, 10 iron.
Total: 80 wood, 70 iron. Remaining: 10 wood, 10 iron. Can we build a spearman? 15 wood, 0 iron. We have 10 wood, so no.
What about 3 knights? 90 wood, 90 iron. We have 90 wood, 80 iron. No.
So 2 knights, 1 archer is optimal.

Let's check [10] Vigo: wood 70, iron 20.
Iron is the limiting factor (20 iron).
Max archers: 2 (needs 20 iron, 40 wood).
Remaining wood: 30. Can build 2 spearmen (30 wood, 0 iron).
Total: 2 archers, 2 spearmen (70 wood, 20 iron).
Let's build 2 archers, 2 spearmen.
Wait, 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) + 2 spearmen (30 wood, 0 iron) = 70 wood, 20 iron. Perfect!

Let's check [6] Porto: wood 50, iron 30.
Iron is 30, so max 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron - too much wood).
If 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron), remaining wood 20. Can build 1 spearman (15 wood) or 1 archer (needs 10 iron, but we have 0 iron left).
So 1 knight, 1 spearman (45 wood, 30 iron). Remaining wood 5.
Or 3 archers? Needs 60 wood, we have 50. So 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 55 wood (too much). 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) leaves 10 wood, 10 iron.
Let's do 1 knight, 1 spearman for Porto.

Let's check [5] Faro: wood 45, iron 20.
Iron 20 -> max 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
Remaining wood 5.
So 2 archers.

Let's check [3] Coimbra: wood 40, iron 20.
Iron 20 -> max 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
So 2 archers.

Let's check [0] Lisboa: wood 30, iron 30.
Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood - total 35 wood, too much).
So 1 knight is best.

Let's check [1] Santarem: wood 30, iron 20.
Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
Remaining wood 10, iron 10.
Can we build a spearman? 15 wood, no.
So 1 archer.

Let's check [2] Evora: wood 30, iron 20.
Same as Santarem: 1 archer.

Let's check [4] Badajoz: wood 30, iron 20.
Same: 1 archer.

Let's check [7] Salamanca: wood 40, iron 70.
Iron is 70, wood is 40.
Max knights: 1 (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining wood 10, iron 40.
Can we build another knight? Needs 30 wood, we have 10. No.
Can we build archers? Needs 20 wood, we have 10. No.
So 1 knight.

Let's check [8] Toledo: wood 30, iron 20.
1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).

Let's check [9] Sevilha: wood 40, iron 20.
2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).

Let's check [11] Cordoba: wood 35, iron 20.
1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Remaining wood 15, iron 10.
Can build 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron).
Total: 1 archer, 1 spearman (35 wood, 10 iron).
Let's build 1 archer, 1 spearman.

Let's check [15] Murcia: wood 40, iron 30.
Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining wood 10, iron 0.
Or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Remaining wood 0, iron 10.
Knight has 4 attack, 2 archers have 4 attack. But knight is faster and costs more iron. Let's build 1 knight.

Let's summarize the build orders:
- [0] Lisboa: 1 knight
- [1] Santarem: 1 archer
- [2] Evora: 1 archer
- [3] Coimbra: 2 archers
- [4] Badajoz: 1 archer
- [5] Faro: 2 archers
- [6] Porto: 1 knight, 1 spearman
- [7] Salamanca: 1 knight
- [8] Toledo: 1 archer
- [9] Sevilha: 2 archers
- [10] Vigo: 2 archers, 2 spearmen
- [11] Cordoba: 1 archer, 1 spearman
- [15] Murcia: 1 knight
- [16] Valencia: 2 knights, 1 archer

Let's double check if we have enough resources for these builds.
[0] Lisboa: 1 knight -> 30 wood, 30 iron. We have 30 wood, 30 iron. OK.
[1] Santarem: 1 archer -> 20 wood, 10 iron. We have 30 wood, 20 iron. OK.
[2] Evora: 1 archer -> 20 wood, 10 iron. We have 30 wood, 20 iron. OK.
[3] Coimbra: 2 archers -> 40 wood, 20 iron. We have 40 wood, 20 iron. OK.
[4] Badajoz: 1 archer -> 20 wood, 10 iron. We have 30 wood, 20 iron. OK.
[5] Faro: 2 archers -> 40 wood, 20 iron. We have 45 wood, 20 iron. OK.
[6] Porto: 1 knight, 1 spearman -> 30+15=45 wood, 30+0=30 iron. We have 50 wood, 30 iron. OK.
[7] Salamanca: 1 knight -> 30 wood, 30 iron. We have 40 wood, 70 iron. OK.
[8] Toledo: 1 archer -> 20 wood, 10 iron. We have 30 wood, 20 iron. OK.
[9] Sevilha: 2 archers -> 40 wood, 20 iron. We have 40 wood, 20 iron. OK.
[10] Vigo: 2 archers, 2 spearmen -> 40+30=70 wood, 20+0=20 iron. We have 70 wood, 20 iron. OK.
[11] Cordoba: 1 archer, 1 spearman -> 20+15=35 wood, 10+0=10 iron. We have 35 wood, 20 iron. OK.
[15] Murcia: 1 knight -> 30 wood, 30 iron. We have 40 wood, 30 iron. OK.
[16] Valencia: 2 knights, 1 archer -> 60+20=80 wood, 60+10=70 iron. We have 90 wood, 80 iron. OK.

This is a very solid set of builds! It will increase our army significantly.

Now let's plan the movements.
Our main goals for Turn 21:
1. Attack Madrid [12] from Toledo [8] and Salamanca [7].
Toledo has 2 spearman, 12 archer, 12 knight. Send all to Madrid [12].
Salamanca has 3 knight. Send all to Madrid [12].
Wait, if we send Salamanca's 3 knight to Madrid, they will fight after Toledo's army.
Is it better to send them to Madrid or keep them in Salamanca?
Salamanca is a border village, but its defense is only 8. If the enemy attacks it, it might fall. But Madrid is the main threat. Sending them to Madrid helps secure the front.
Let's send Salamanca's 3 knight to Madrid.

2. Attack Burgos [14] from Vigo [10].
Vigo has 8 archer, 6 knight. Send all to Burgos [14].

3. Reinforce Valencia [16] from Murcia [15].
Murcia has 3 archer. Send all 3 archer to Valencia [16].
This will arrive on Turn 22, allowing us to attack Teruel [13] or Castellon [18] on Turn 22.

4. Should we send Cordoba [11]'s troops?
Cordoba has 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
We can send them to Valencia [16] via Murcia [15] (2 turns), arriving on Turn 23.
Or we can send them to Toledo [8] to reinforce Toledo (1 turn), arriving on Turn 22.
Toledo is connected to Cordoba [11] via road: [11] -> [8] is 1 turn.
Let's send Cordoba's troops to Toledo [8] to reinforce it for the next push towards Teruel [13] or Madrid [12].
Wait, if we send Cordoba to Toledo, Toledo gets +1 spearman, +1 archer, +1 knight.
Let's do that.

5. What about Sevilha [9]'s troops?
Sevilha has 2 archer, 4 knight.
We can send them to Cordoba [11] (1 turn) or Murcia [15] (2 turns) or Valencia [16] (3 turns).
Let's send them to Cordoba [11] to reinforce the center, or to Valencia [16] directly if we want to attack Castellon/Teruel.
Actually, Sevilha to Valencia is 3 turns, which is slow.
Let's send Sevilha's troops to Cordoba [11] (1 turn) to act as a reserve.

Let's look at the "plan" text.
The plan should describe the campaign over the next several turns.
"Turn 21: Attack Madrid from Toledo/Salamanca, Burgos from Vigo. Reinforce Valencia from Murcia, Cordoba to Toledo. Turn 22: Attack Teruel from Valencia/Toledo, push towards Zaragoza from Madrid. Turn 23: Attack Castellon from Valencia, expand north."
Let's write a concise plan.

Let's check the "statement" text.
"Turn 21: We launch a double offensive on Madrid and Burgos to secure our northern and central borders, while reinforcing Valencia for the push into Teruel and Castellon."
Let's make it sound like a king's decree.
"Turn 21: My armies in Toledo and Salamanca march to conquer Madrid, while Vigo's forces strike Burgos. We reinforce Valencia and Toledo to prepare for the next phase of our campaign to reach 18 villages."

Let's review the exact JSON format:
{
  "build": [ {"villageId": <id>, "type": <"spearman" | "archer" | "knight">, "quantity": <n>} ],
  "movements": [ {"fromId": <id>, "toId": <id>, "troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}} ],
  "plan": "<string>",
  "statement": "<string>"
}

Let's write down the exact build list:
- villageId: 0, type: knight, quantity: 1
- villageId: 1, type: archer, quantity: 1
- villageId: 2, type: archer, quantity: 1
- villageId: 3, type: archer, quantity: 2
- villageId: 4, type: archer, quantity: 1
- villageId: 5, type: archer, quantity: 2
- villageId: 6, type: knight, quantity: 1
- villageId: 6, type: spearman, quantity: 1
- villageId: 7, type: knight, quantity: 1
- villageId: 8, type: archer, quantity: 1
- villageId: 9, type: archer, quantity: 2
- villageId: 10, type: archer, quantity: 2
- villageId: 10, type: spearman, quantity: 2
- villageId: 11, type: archer, quantity: 1
- villageId: 11, type: spearman, quantity: 1
- villageId: 15, type: knight, quantity: 1
- villageId: 16, type: knight, quantity: 2
- villageId: 16, type: archer, quantity: 1

Let's write down the exact movements list:
- fromId: 8, toId: 12, troops: {spearman: 2, archer: 12, knight: 12}
- fromId: 7, toId: 12, troops: {spearman: 0, archer: 0, knight: 3}
- fromId: 10, toId: 14, troops: {spearman: 0, archer: 8, knight: 6}
- fromId: 15, toId: 16, troops: {spearman: 0, archer: 3, knight: 0}
- fromId: 11, toId: 8, troops: {spearman: 1, archer: 1, knight: 1}
- fromId: 9, toId: 11, troops: {spearman: 0, archer: 2, knight: 4}

Wait, let's check if Sevilha [9] has 2 archer, 4 knight. Yes.
Let's check if Cordoba [11] has 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Yes.
Let's check if Murcia [15] has 3 archer. Yes.
Let's check if Vigo [10] has 8 archer, 6 knight. Yes.
Let's check if Salamanca [7] has 3 knight. Yes.
Let's check if Toledo [8] has 2 spearman, 12 archer, 12 knight. Yes.

Let's double check the march times and paths.
Toledo [8] to Madrid [12]: road exists [8] -> [12]. 1 turn.
Salamanca [7] to Madrid [12]: road exists [7] -> [12]. 1 turn.
Vigo [10] to Burgos [14]: road exists [10] -> [14]. 1 turn.
Murcia [15] to Valencia [16]: road exists [15] -> [16]. 1 turn.
Cordoba [11] to Toledo [8]: road exists [11] -> [8]. 1 turn.
Sevilha [9] to Cordoba [11]: road exists [9] -> [11]. 1 turn.

All these movements are valid and take 1 turn (or 1 fast turn, etc.).
Wait, the prompt says: "march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns".
For Toledo to Madrid: "march from [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" - wait, that's Salamanca to Madrid.
What about Toledo to Madrid? It's not explicitly listed in the text, but since they are directly connected, it should be 1 turn for all speeds.
Let's check the road network:
[8] Toledo: [4], [11], [12], [13].
[12] Madrid: [7], [8], [14], [17].
So Toledo is directly connected to Madrid. The distance is 1 edge, so it takes 1 turn.
Same for Salamanca [7] to Madrid [12]: [7] -> [12] is 1 edge.
Vigo [10] to Burgos [14]: [10] -> [14] is 1 edge.
Murcia [15] to Valencia [16]: [15] -> [16] is 1 edge.
Cordoba [11] to Toledo [8]: [11] -> [8] is 1 edge.
Sevilha [9] to Cordoba [11]: [9] -> [11] is 1 edge.

Everything is perfectly aligned!

Let's write the plan text:
"Turn 21: Attack Madrid from Toledo and Salamanca, Burgos from Vigo. Reinforce Valencia from Murcia, Cordoba to Toledo, Sevilha to Cordoba. Turn 22: Attack Teruel from Valencia/Toledo, push towards Zaragoza from Madrid. Turn 23: Attack Castellon from Valencia, expand north. Build archers and knights in all villages to maintain momentum."

Let's write the statement text:
"Turn 21: My armies in Toledo and Salamanca march to conquer Madrid, while Vigo's forces strike Burgos. We reinforce Valencia and Toledo to prepare for the next phase of our campaign to reach 18 villages. The enemy will not stop our expansion!"

Let's review the JSON structure to ensure it is perfectly valid.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 3, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 4, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 5, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 6, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 6, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 7, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 8, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 9, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 10, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 10, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 11, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 11, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 15, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 8, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 12, "knight": 12}},
    {"fromId": 7, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 3}},
    {"fromId": 10, "toId": 14, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 8, "knight": 6}},
    {"fromId": 15, "toId": 16, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 3, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 11, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 1, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 9, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 4}}
  ],
  "plan": "Turn 21: Attack Madrid from Toledo and Salamanca, Burgos from Vigo. Reinforce Valencia from Murcia, Cordoba to Toledo, Sevilha to Cordoba. Turn 22: Attack Teruel from Valencia/Toledo, push towards Zaragoza from Madrid. Turn 23: Attack Castellon from Valencia, expand north. Build archers and knights in all villages to maintain momentum.",
  "statement": "Turn 21: My armies in Toledo and Salamanca march to conquer Madrid, while Vigo's forces strike Burgos. We reinforce Valencia and Toledo to prepare for the next phase of our campaign to reach 18 villages. The enemy will not stop our expansion!"
}

Let's double check if there are any constraints or errors.
- "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." -> Checked, all builds are affordable.
- "Use only ids that appear in the report above." -> Checked, all ids are from the report.
- "Empty lists are valid orders." -> We have non-empty lists, which is fine.
- "Write them in ENGLISH, every turn, even if your note from last turn is in another language:" -> Checked, plan and statement are in English.
- "Reply with ONE valid JSON object and nothing else - no text before or after it." -> Checked, I will output only the JSON.

Let's do a quick sanity check on the combat math.
Toledo [8] attacking Madrid [12]:
Toledo troops: 2 spearman, 12 archer, 12 knight.
Most numerous type: archer (12) vs knight (12). Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So archer is the most numerous type.
Enemy Madrid troops: 3 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knights.
Most numerous type: archer (4).
Matchup: archer vs archer. Neutral.
Attack power:
Archers: 12 * 2 = 24.
Knights: 12 * 4 = 48.
Spearmen: 2 * 1 = 2.
Total attack = 74.
Enemy defense (location bonus included): 23.
74 > 23, so we win easily.

Vigo [10] attacking Burgos [14]:
Vigo troops: 8 archer, 6 knight.
Most numerous type: archer (8).
Enemy Burgos troops: 6 archers, 2 knights.
Most numerous type: archer (6).
Matchup: archer vs archer. Neutral.
Attack power:
Archers: 8 * 2 = 16.
Knights: 6 * 4 = 24.
Total attack = 40.
Enemy defense (location bonus included): 20.
40 > 20, so we win.

Salamanca [7] attacking Madrid [12]:
Salamanca troops: 3 knight.
Most numerous type: knight (3).
Enemy Madrid troops: 3 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knights.
Most numerous type: archer (4).
Matchup: knight vs archer. Knight counters archer! Multiplier 1.5x.
Attack power:
Knights: 3 * 4 = 12.
With counter bonus: 12 * 1.5 = 18.
Enemy defense: 23.
Wait! 18 < 23. Salamanca's attack is less than Madrid's defense.
So Salamanca's wave might lose or take heavy losses.
But since Toledo's wave (74 attack) fights first and wins, the enemy garrison will be depleted or destroyed.
Wait, "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
If Toledo's wave wins, Madrid's garrison is destroyed or heavily damaged.
Then Salamanca's wave fights the remaining garrison (if any) or just occupies.
Actually, if Toledo's wave wins, it conquers the village. Does the enemy garrison get rebuilt? No, the village is conquered.
Wait, if Toledo's wave conquers Madrid, does Salamanca's wave even fight? "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". If Madrid is conquered by Toledo's wave on the same turn, is it still "not yours" when Salamanca's wave arrives?
"Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now."
Since orders are simultaneous, both Toledo and Salamanca armies are marching to Madrid, which is currently enemy.
They will both arrive and fight. Toledo's army fights first, then Salamanca's army fights.
Since Toledo's army is much stronger, it will defeat the garrison and conquer Madrid. Salamanca's army will then arrive at Madrid (which is now conquered by Toledo's army on the same turn, or they just join the garrison).
Actually, the rules say: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So they fight sequentially. Toledo's army fights the full garrison, wins, and conquers Madrid. Salamanca's army then arrives and finds Madrid conquered, so they just join the garrison.
This is perfectly fine and very safe.

Let's check if there are any other movements.
What about Sevilha [9] to Cordoba [11]?
Sevilha has 2 archer, 4 knight.
Cordoba is ours, so they just reinforce it. No combat.
Cordoba [11] to Toledo [8]:
Cordoba has 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
Toledo is ours, so they just reinforce it. No combat.
Murcia [15] to Valencia [16]:
Murcia has 3 archer.
Valencia is ours, so they just reinforce it. No combat.

Everything looks extremely solid and well-planned.
I will now output the JSON.

ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"arqueiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":8,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":12,"cavaleiro":12}},{"origemId":7,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":3}},{"origemId":10,"destinoId":14,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":8,"cavaleiro":6}},{"origemId":15,"destinoId":16,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":11,"destinoId":8,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":9,"destinoId":11,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":4}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [3]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [3]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [4]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [6]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [7]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [8]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [9]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [9]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [10]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [10]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [10]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [10]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [11]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [15]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [16]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [16]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [16]
ACEITO envio [8]->[12]: 2S+12A+12K
ACEITO envio [7]->[12]: 3K
ACEITO envio [10]->[14]: 8A+6K
ACEITO envio [15]->[16]: 3A
ACEITO envio [11]->[8]: 1S+1A+1K
ACEITO envio [9]->[11]: 2A+4K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Turn 21: Attack Madrid from Toledo and Salamanca, Burgos from Vigo. Reinforce Valencia from Murcia, Cordoba to Toledo, Sevilha to Cordoba. Turn 22: Attack Teruel from Valencia/Toledo, push towards Zaragoza from Madrid. Turn 23: Attack Castellon from Valencia, expand north. Build archers and knights in all villages to maintain momentum.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): Turn 21: My armies in Toledo and Salamanca march to conquer Madrid, while Vigo's forces strike Burgos. We reinforce Valencia and Toledo to prepare for the next phase of our campaign to reach 18 villages. The enemy will not stop our expansion!
########## TURNO 21 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3148 | resposta 20098 | raciocinio 20098 | finish content_filter | ms 229694
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: We need to analyze the current state and decide on orders for turn 21. The goal is to hold at least 18 of the 24 villages for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. Currently hold 10 of 24. So we need to conquer more villages. The enemy capital is not required to win.

We need to consider the map, our villages, enemy villages, and the road network. We need to decide on builds and movements.

First, let's list our villages and their available troops, resources, and production.

Our villages:
- Barcelona (22): capital, interior. Wood 95 (+30), iron 70 (+20). Effective defense 33 (location bonus included). Troops at home: 11 (33 spearman? Wait, the report says "TOTAL: 88 soldiers at home (33 spearman, 24 archer, 31 knight)" but then each village lists troops at home and available to send. Let's parse correctly.

The report says: "TOTAL: 88 soldiers at home (33 spearman, 24 archer, 31 knight) + 0 marching". Then for each village, it lists "troops at home: X / 300" and "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: ...". So the numbers in parentheses are the total across all villages. Let's sum the available to send to see if they match.

Barcelona: 11 at home, available: 6 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knight. So total troops at Barcelona: 6+1+4 = 11? But wait, "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" means troops that are not currently assigned to any march and can be sent. But the total troops at home includes those that are not sent? Actually, the report says "troops at home: 11 / 300" and then "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 6 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knight". That sums to 11. So the troops at home are exactly the available to send? But then there are also troops that are building? The report says "Each village you hold produces resources every turn, and resources are what build your army." So the troops at home are the garrison. The available to send are the troops that are not currently marching? Since there are no armies on march, all troops are at home. So the available to send are all the troops at that village. But then why does it say "troops at home: 11 / 300" and then list available? It might be that the available are the ones you can send, but you could also leave some at home. But since there are no marches, all are available. So we can send any subset.

But note: the total troops across all villages: sum of available to send:
Barcelona: 6s,1a,4k = 11
Tarragona: 2s,0a,1k = 3
Girona: 4s,0a,5k = 9
Castellon: 5s,2a,0k = 7
Zaragoza: 6s,8a,13k = 27
Huesca: 3s,2a,0k = 5
Teruel: 3s,1a,3k = 7
Madrid: 3s,4a,2k = 9
Pamplona: 1s,0a,1k = 2
Burgos: 0s,6a,2k = 8
Sum: 11+3+9+7+27+5+7+9+2+8 = 88. Matches total.

So we have 88 troops total at home, no marching.

Enemy villages we can see: Valencia (16), Salamanca (7), Toledo (8), Vigo (10). Also known from before: Murcia (15), Cordoba (11), Badajoz (4), Porto (6). Unexplored: Coimbra (3), Sevilha (9), Faro (5), Santarem (1), Lisboa (0), Evora (2). The enemy capital is Lisboa (0), unknown garrison.

We need to decide on builds and movements. Since we need to conquer more villages, we need to attack enemy villages. But we must consider the combat rules, travel times, and the fact that the enemy also moves and builds simultaneously.

First, let's assess our military strength vs enemy garrisons.

We have 33 spearman, 24 archer, 31 knight total. But they are distributed.

Enemy garrisons we can see:
Valencia (16): 1 spearman, 3 archers, 1 knight. Effective defense 13 (location bonus included). March from Castellon: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn.
Salamanca (7): 3 knights. Effective defense 8. March from Madrid: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn.
Toledo (8): 2 spearmen, 12 archers, 12 knights. Effective defense 65. March from Teruel: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn.
Vigo (10): 8 archers, 6 knights. Effective defense 35. March from Burgos: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn.

Known from before:
Murcia (15): last seen 1 turn ago: 1 spearman, 4 archers, 1 knight. March from Castellon: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns.
Cordoba (11): last seen 3 turns ago: 2 spearmen, 7 archers, 2 knights. March from Teruel: 2 slow/2 medium/1 fast turns.
Badajoz (4): last seen 4 turns ago: 6 archers. March from Teruel: 2 slow/2 medium/1 fast turns.
Porto (6): last seen 4 turns ago: 2 archers, 2 knights. March from Madrid: 2 slow/2 medium/1 fast turns.

Unexplored: we don't know their garrisons, but they are likely enemy or neutral. Since they are unexplored, they might be neutral or enemy. The map has 24 villages total. We have 10, enemy has at least the ones we see. The unexplored ones: Coimbra (3), Sevilha (9), Faro (5), Santarem (1), Lisboa (0), Evora (2). These are likely enemy (King A) or neutral. The enemy capital is Lisboa, which is probably heavily defended.

Our goal: hold 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns. We currently hold 10. We need to conquer 8 more. But we also need to hold them for 2 turns, so we need to consolidate.

We should consider attacking weaker enemy villages to gain territory. Also, we need to build troops to replenish and increase army size. Resources: each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn. We have 10 villages, so total wood 300, iron 200 per turn? But resources are per village, and each village pays for its own builds from its own stock. So we need to check each village's current resources and what they can build.

Let's list each village's resources and what they can afford now.

Barcelona: wood 95, iron 70. Can build:
spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron -> can build up to 6 (95/15=6.33, so 6) but also limited by cap? Cap is 300 troops at home, currently 11, so can build more.
archer: 20 wood, 10 iron -> can build min(95/20=4.75, 70/10=7) = 4 archers.
knight: 30 wood, 30 iron -> can build min(95/30=3.16, 70/30=2.33) = 2 knights.
But we need to consider that builds take 1 turn, and we can order multiple builds. Also, we can only order what the village can pay for NOW. So we can order up to the available resources.

But we also need to consider that we might want to send troops to attack, so we might want to build more troops. However, we also need to defend our own villages. The enemy might attack us. We don't know if the enemy will attack this turn. The enemy writes orders simultaneously, so we cannot react to their orders. We need to anticipate.

Let's analyze the enemy's possible moves. The enemy is King A. They have villages: Valencia, Salamanca, Toledo, Vigo, Murcia, Cordoba, Badajoz, Porto, and likely the unexplored ones. They might attack our border villages. Our border villages: Castellon (border with Valencia), Teruel (border with Toledo and Badajoz? Actually Teruel borders with [8] Toledo and [16] Valencia? Wait, road network: Teruel connects to [8], [16], [17], [18]. So it borders enemy villages 8 and 16. Also Madrid borders [7] Salamanca and [8] Toledo. Burgos borders [10] Vigo. So our borders are: Castellon (to 16), Teruel (to 8, 16? Actually Teruel connects to 8 and 16, but 16 is Valencia, 8 is Toledo. Also Teruel connects to 17 Zaragoza (ours) and 18 Castellon (ours). So Teruel is a border village with two enemy villages. Madrid borders 7 and 8. Burgos borders 10. Also, we have interior villages: Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Zaragoza, Huesca, Pamplona. But note: Zaragoza connects to 12 Madrid, 13 Teruel, 19 Pamplona, 20 Huesca, 21 Tarragona. So it's interior but near borders. Huesca connects to 17 Zaragoza, 19 Pamplona, 23 Girona. So interior. Pamplona connects to 14 Burgos, 17 Zaragoza, 20 Huesca. So it's interior but near Burgos.

The enemy might attack our border villages. We need to reinforce them. But we also want to attack enemy villages. Since we need to conquer 8 more, we should plan offensives.

Let's consider the combat effectiveness. We need to calculate the effective force when attacking. The rules: When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5. The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties break in order spearman, archer, knight). Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle. In open field no bonus. The side with HIGHER effective force wins. Tie favors defender. Winner takes losses (attrition against loser's effective force).

So when attacking an enemy village, we need to have a higher effective attack force than their effective defense (which already includes location bonus). The report gives effective defense for enemy villages, so we can use that directly.

For example, Valencia: effective defense 13. We need to attack with a force that has effective attack > 13. Our attack force is calculated from our troops' attack values, with counter bonus if applicable. We can send troops from nearby villages. The march times are given.

We need to decide which enemy villages to attack. We should attack those with low effective defense to minimize losses. Also, we need to consider that we can send troops from multiple villages, but they fight alone one at a time if they arrive on the same turn? Actually: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So we cannot combine forces from different villages in one attack; each send is a separate battle. But we can send from one village a large force. Or we can send from multiple villages sequentially? They arrive on different turns if they have different march times. But if they arrive on the same turn, they fight separately. So it's better to send a single large force from one village, or coordinate to arrive on different turns so they can stack? Actually, they don't stack; each send fights alone. But if we send reinforcements to a village we own, they join the garrison. For attacking, we need to send a force that can defeat the garrison in one battle. If we send multiple waves, the enemy garrison might be replenished? Actually, the enemy garrison is fixed unless we conquer it. Once we conquer a village, it becomes ours and we can use its troops. But during an attack, if we send a force that doesn't defeat the garrison, the enemy garrison will fight and our force will be defeated. So we need to send enough troops to win.

But we also need to consider that the enemy might send reinforcements to their villages. The enemy can build and send troops. So the garrison we see might increase by the time we arrive. The report says: "The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival." So we need to estimate how much the enemy might build. The enemy also has multiple villages and can send troops. But we don't know their orders. We need to be cautious.

Let's list our available troops per village and their attack power if sent.

We need to calculate the effective attack of a mixed army. The rules: The MOST NUMEROUS type sets the counter matchup. So if we send a mix, we need to consider the majority type. For example, if we send 6 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knight: most numerous is spearman (6). So the counter matchup is spearman vs ? The enemy's most numerous type. But when attacking, we count our attack, they count defense. The counter bonus applies to our force if we have the counter against their most numerous type? Let's read carefully:

"Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5.
The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."

So for two armies, we look at the most numerous type in each army. If our most numerous type counters their most numerous type, our force is multiplied by 1.5. If they counter us, our force is not multiplied? Actually, it says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So if we have the counter, we get 1.5x. If they have the counter against us, do we get penalized? It doesn't say. Probably only the attacker gets the bonus if they have the counter. But what if the defender has the counter? The rule says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't specify attacker or defender. So if the defender has the counter, does their defense get multiplied? The rule is under "COMBAT RULES" and says "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs." Then it describes counter triangle. So it likely applies to both: if the attacker's most numerous type counters the defender's most numerous type, the attacker's force is multiplied by 1.5. If the defender's most numerous type counters the attacker's most numerous type, the defender's force might be multiplied? But it says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So if the defender has the counter, their defense would be multiplied? But the effective defense in the report already includes location bonus, but not counter? The report says "effective defense (location bonus included)". It doesn't mention counter. So counter is applied during battle. So we need to calculate effective force considering counter.

Let's formalize: When attacking a village, we send an army. The enemy garrison is defending. We calculate our attack force: sum of attack values of our troops. Their defense force: sum of defense values of their troops, multiplied by location bonus (already in effective defense). Then we check counter: if our most numerous type counters their most numerous type, our attack force is multiplied by 1.5. If their most numerous type counters our most numerous type, does their defense get multiplied? The rule doesn't explicitly say, but "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5" suggests that whichever side has the counter gets the multiplier. So if the defender has the counter, their effective defense would be multiplied by 1.5. But the report gives effective defense without counter. So we need to know the enemy's troop composition to determine counter. The report gives garrison composition for visible enemies. So we can calculate.

Let's test with an example. Suppose we attack Valencia with a force. Valencia garrison: 1 spearman, 3 archers, 1 knight. Most numerous: archer (3). Their defense values: spearman def 2, archer def 2, knight def 2. So total defense = 1*2 + 3*2 + 1*2 = 2+6+2=10. Location bonus: effective defense is 13, so location bonus is 1.3x? Actually, defense counts x1.25 in a village. So base defense 10 * 1.25 = 12.5, rounded? Effective defense 13. So that matches.

Now if we attack with, say, 6 archers, 1 spearman, 4 knight from Barcelona. Our most numerous: archer? Actually 6 archers, 4 knights, 1 spearman. Most numerous is archer (6). Their most numerous is archer (3). Archer does not counter archer; it's a tie. Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So if tie, we look at the order: spearman, archer, knight. Since both are archer, it's a tie, and the order says archer? Actually, "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight" means if the counts are equal, we go to the next type? Or it means that if the most numerous type is tied, we consider the next most numerous? The phrasing: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." This is ambiguous. It might mean that if there is a tie for most numerous, we use the order to determine which type is considered the most numerous. For example, if an army has 5 spearman and 5 archer, the most numerous is spearman because spearman comes first in the order. So the tie-breaker is the order spearman, archer, knight. So if we have 6 archer and 4 knight, most numerous is archer. If we have 6 archer and 6 knight, most numerous is archer? Actually, tie in count: if archer and knight are both 6, then we break in order: spearman, archer, knight. So archer comes before knight, so archer is considered most numerous. So in our case, most numerous is archer. Their most numerous is archer. So no counter bonus for either. Our attack force: archer attack 2, spearman attack 1, knight attack 4. Total attack = 6*2 + 1*1 + 4*4 = 12+1+16=29. Their effective defense is 13. So we win easily. But we also need to consider losses.

But wait: the rule says "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER." So we need effective force after counter. Our effective attack = 29 (no counter). Their effective defense = 13. We win. Then "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So our losses are proportional to their effective force? Actually, "attrition against the loser's effective force" means the winner loses troops equal to some fraction? The rule doesn't specify exactly. It says "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." This is vague. In previous turns, we might have seen combat reports. But we don't have that here. We need to assume that losses are significant. We should try to minimize losses.

To plan effectively, we need to decide which villages to attack and with what forces. We also need to consider building new troops. Since we have resources, we can build more troops to increase our army. But building takes 1 turn, and we can only build in villages that have enough resources. Also, we need to consider that we might want to defend our own villages if the enemy attacks. Since the enemy writes orders simultaneously, we don't know if they will attack. We need to balance.

Let's first assess our current military strength and where we can attack profitably.

We have 88 troops. We can send them from various villages. The march times to enemy villages are mostly 1 turn for slow/medium/fast? Actually, the report says "march from [x]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for many. That means if we send a slow troop, it takes 1 turn? Wait, "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means it takes 1 turn for a slow troop, 1 turn for medium, 1 turn for fast? That would mean all speeds take 1 turn? That seems odd. Usually, slow troops take more turns. Let's read carefully: "from here to your nearest border village [18] Castellon: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means if you send only slow troops, it takes 2 turns; if only medium, 1 turn; if only fast, 1 turn. So the travel time depends on the speed of the troops. A mixed army marches at the speed of its slowest troop. So if we send a mix with slow troops, it takes the slow time.

For attacking enemy villages, the march times from our border villages:
- To Valencia (16) from Castellon (18): 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn. So if we send only fast troops (knights), it takes 1 turn. If we include slow troops (spearman), it takes 1 turn? Wait, it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means even slow troops take 1 turn? That would mean the distance is such that all speeds take 1 turn? But then why differentiate? Actually, it might be that the numbers are the number of turns for each speed type. So if it says "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast", then slow takes 2 turns, medium 1, fast 1. So for Castellon to Valencia, it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" meaning all take 1 turn? That would be a very short distance. But then why mention slow? Possibly it's a 1-turn march for all. Let's check other distances: Barcelona to Castellon: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So from Barcelona to Castellon, slow takes 2 turns, medium 1, fast 1. So the distance is 2 for slow, 1 for medium/fast. So the numbers are the number of turns for each speed. So for Castellon to Valencia, it's 1 for all, meaning it's adjacent? But according to the road network, Castellon (18) connects to Valencia (16) directly? Road network: [18] Castellon: [13], [16], [21]. So yes, Castellon is directly connected to Valencia. So it's a 1-turn march for all speeds? But then why say "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast"? It might be that even slow troops can do it in 1 turn. So that's fine.

So we can attack Valencia from Castellon in 1 turn regardless of troop mix. But if we send from Barcelona, it would take 2 turns for slow, etc. So we should send from the closest village to minimize travel time and enemy reinforcement.

Now, let's list our border villages and the enemy villages they can attack directly, and the march times:

Castellon (18) -> Valencia (16): 1/1/1
Teruel (13) -> Toledo (8): 1/1/1? Report says "march from [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Toledo. So 1 turn all.
Teruel (13) -> Valencia (16)? Road: Teruel connects to 16? [13] Teruel: [8], [16], [17], [18]. So yes, Teruel to Valencia is also directly connected. But the report doesn't give that march time; it gives from Teruel to Toledo. But we can infer similar distance.
Madrid (12) -> Salamanca (7): 1/1/1 (from report)
Madrid (12) -> Toledo (8): road: [12] Madrid: [7], [8], [14], [17]. So connected. March time not given but likely 1 turn.
Burgos (14) -> Vigo (10): 1/1/1 (from report)
Burgos (14) -> Porto (6)? Road: [14] Burgos: [10], [12], [19]. Not directly to 6. Porto is [6], connected to [3], [7], [10]. So from Burgos to Porto would go through Vigo? Actually, road: [10] Vigo connects to [6] and [14]. So from Burgos to Porto: Burgos->Vigo->Porto. That would be 2 turns? But we can only march along roads, and we stop at the first enemy village. So if we try to go to Porto, we'd have to go through Vigo, which is enemy, so we'd fight at Vigo first. So we cannot bypass Vigo to attack Porto directly from Burgos. We could attack Vigo, and if we win, we can then march to Porto from Vigo? But that would be a separate march after conquering Vigo. So for now, we can only attack directly connected enemy villages.

Also, we have interior villages that can send troops to border villages to reinforce, but then they would need to march to the border first, which takes time. For example, from Zaragoza to Teruel: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast? Actually, report says from Zaragoza to Madrid: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. Zaragoza to Teruel is directly connected? [17] Zaragoza: [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]. So yes, to Teruel. Probably similar time.

So we can reinforce border villages quickly.

Now, let's consider the enemy's strength. The enemy has some large garrisons: Toledo has 65 effective defense, Vigo 35, etc. We need to decide which to attack. Our goal is to conquer 8 more villages. We have 10, need 18. So we need to take 8 enemy villages. The enemy has at least 10 villages (the ones we see plus known). Actually, total map has 24 villages. We have 10, so enemy has 14? But some might be neutral. The unexplored ones might be neutral or enemy. The problem says "The enemy capital is the hardest single target on the map; taking it is NOT required to win." So the enemy has a capital and other villages. We don't know how many enemy villages total. But we need to hold 18 total, so we need to conquer 8 from the enemy. The enemy currently holds some number. We need to conquer enough to reach 18, and hold them for 2 turns.

We should prioritize attacking weak enemy villages to gain territory quickly. Weak villages: Valencia (13), Salamanca (8), maybe Murcia (unknown but last seen weak), Badajoz (last seen 6 archers, defense maybe around 6*2*1.25=15? Actually, 6 archers: defense 2 each, total 12, location bonus 1.25 -> 15. So effective defense ~15). Porto (last seen 2 archers, 2 knights: defense 2*2+2*2=8, with bonus ~10). But these are last seen and may have been reinforced.

We also need to consider that the enemy might attack our villages. We should reinforce our border villages to defend. Our border villages have effective defense: Castellon 18, Teruel 18, Madrid 23, Burgos 20. These are decent but could be overwhelmed if the enemy sends large forces. We have troops at home: we can send reinforcements to these border villages to increase their defense. But if we send troops away, we reduce our ability to attack.

We need to decide on a strategy for this turn. Since we don't know the enemy's moves, we should try to do multiple things: build troops, send reinforcements to vulnerable border villages, and launch attacks on weak enemy villages.

Let's analyze each of our villages and what they can do.

Barcelona (22): capital, interior. Has 11 troops: 6s,1a,4k. It is far from the borders. It can send troops to Tarragona or Girona? Actually, it connects to [21] Tarragona and [23] Girona? Road: [22] Barcelona: [21], [23]. So it can send to Tarragona (1 slow/1 medium/1 fast? Report: from Barcelona to Castellon: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So to Tarragona, which is closer, probably 1 turn? But not given. We can assume it's 1 turn for medium/fast. But we might want to send troops from Barcelona to reinforce the front lines. However, Barcelona is the capital, and we might want to keep some troops there for defense? But it's interior, so less likely to be attacked directly. The enemy would have to go through border villages to reach it. So we can send most of its troops to reinforce other villages.

Tarragona (21): interior, 3 troops: 2s,1k. Connects to Barcelona, Castellon, Zaragoza. Can send to Castellon or Zaragoza.

Girona (23): interior, 9 troops: 4s,5k. Connects to Tarragona? Actually [23] Girona: [20], [22]. So it connects to Huesca and Barcelona. Not directly to Castellon. So to reach the border, it would need to go through Barcelona or Huesca. So it's a bit far.

Castellon (18): border, 7 troops: 5s,2a. It is on the border with Valencia. It can attack Valencia. It can also receive reinforcements from Tarragona, Teruel, etc.

Zaragoza (17): interior, 27 troops: 6s,8a,13k. This is a large force. It connects to Madrid, Teruel, Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona. So it can quickly send troops to Madrid or Teruel to reinforce or attack.

Huesca (20): interior, 5 troops: 3s,2a. Connects to Zaragoza, Pamplona, Girona.

Teruel (13): border, 7 troops: 3s,1a,3k. Borders with Toledo and Valencia. Can attack both.

Madrid (12): border, 9 troops: 3s,4a,2k. Borders with Salamanca and Toledo.

Pamplona (19): interior, 2 troops: 1s,1k. Connects to Burgos, Zaragoza, Huesca.

Burgos (14): border, 8 troops: 0s,6a,2k. Borders with Vigo.

So we have significant forces in Zaragoza (27), Barcelona (11), Girona (9), Madrid (9), Burgos (8), etc. Total 88.

We need to decide on builds. Each village produces resources. We can build new troops to increase our army. Since we want to attack, we should build troops that are effective. But we need to consider the counter triangle. We might want to build knights because they have high attack (4) and are fast. But they are expensive (30 wood, 30 iron). Archers are cheaper (20 wood, 10 iron) with attack 2. Spearmen are cheapest (15 wood, 0 iron) with attack 1 but defense 2.

Given that we need to conquer villages, we might want to build a mix. But we also need to consider that the enemy has many archers and knights. Looking at enemy garrisons: Toledo has 2s,12a,12k. Vigo has 8a,6k. Valencia has 1s,3a,1k. Salamanca has 3k. So the enemy has a lot of archers and knights. Spearmen are few. If we attack with knights, they counter archers? Actually, knight counters archer. So if we attack with knights against an army that has many archers, we get the counter bonus (1.5x). That would be effective. If we attack with archers, they counter spearmen, but the enemy has few spearmen. If we attack with spearmen, they counter knights, but enemy has knights too.

Let's consider attacking Valencia. Its garrison: 1s,3a,1k. Most numerous: archer (3). If we attack with knights, our most numerous would be knights (if we send mostly knights). Knight counters archer, so we get 1.5x attack. That would be very effective. If we attack with archers, archer vs archer: no counter. If we attack with spearmen, spearman vs archer: archer counters spearman? Actually, archer counters spearman. So if we attack with spearmen, the enemy's most numerous is archer, which counters our spearmen. So the enemy would have the counter against us? The rule says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So if the defender has the counter, does their defense get multiplied? It's not clear. But likely, the counter applies to the side that has the counter, regardless of attacker/defender. So if we attack with spearmen and the enemy has archers, the enemy has the counter, so their defense would be multiplied by 1.5. That would be bad. So we should avoid attacking with spearmen when the enemy has archers. We should try to attack with the type that counters the enemy's most numerous type.

So for each enemy village, we can determine the ideal troop type to send based on their garrison.

Valencia (16): most numerous archer. Counter: knight counters archer. So send knights.
Salamanca (7): 3 knights. Most numerous knight. Counter: spearman counters knight. So send spearmen? But spearman attack is low. Alternatively, we could send archers? Archer does not counter knight; knight counters archer. So if we send archers, the enemy has knights, which counter archers. So the enemy would have the counter? That would be bad. If we send knights, knight vs knight: no counter. So spearman would be best because they counter knights. But spearman have attack 1, so we need many. Or we could send a mix where the most numerous is spearman. So we should send spearmen to attack Salamanca.
Toledo (8): 2s,12a,12k. Most numerous: tie between archer and knight? 12 each. Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So archer comes before knight, so most numerous is archer. So counter: knight counters archer. So send knights.
Vigo (10): 8a,6k. Most numerous: archer (8). So send knights.
Murcia (15): last seen 1s,4a,1k. Most numerous archer. Send knights.
Cordoba (11): 2s,7a,2k. Most numerous archer. Send knights.
Badajoz (4): 6a. Most numerous archer. Send knights.
Porto (6): 2a,2k. Tie? 2 archer, 2 knight. Tie breaks: archer before knight, so most numerous archer. Send knights.

So for most enemy villages, the most numerous is archer, so knights are effective. For Salamanca, it's knights, so spearmen are effective. But we also need to consider the enemy's defense values. Knights have high attack (4) and are fast. So building knights seems good for attacking. However, knights are expensive: 30 wood, 30 iron. We need to check if our villages can afford them.

Let's check each village's ability to build knights:

Barcelona: wood 95, iron 70. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) leaving 35 wood, 10 iron. Or build 3? 90 wood, 90 iron - not enough iron. So max 2 knights. Also can build archers or spearmen.
Tarragona: wood 95, iron 60. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) leaving 35 wood, 0 iron. So 2 knights max.
Girona: wood 95, iron 60. Same, 2 knights.
Castellon: wood 95, iron 70. 2 knights (60,60) leaving 35/10.
Zaragoza: wood 90, iron 60. Can build 2 knights (60,60) leaving 30/0. Or maybe 3? 90 wood, 90 iron - not enough iron. So 2 knights.
Huesca: wood 90, iron 60. 2 knights max.
Teruel: wood 90, iron 60. 2 knights.
Madrid: wood 130, iron 80. Can build 4 knights? 4*30=120 wood, 4*30=120 iron - iron insufficient. So max 2 knights (60,60) leaving 70/20. Or 3 knights? 90 wood, 90 iron - not enough iron. So 2 knights. But it has more wood, so could build more archers or spearmen.
Pamplona: wood 100, iron 60. 2 knights (60,60) leaving 40/0.
Burgos: wood 100, iron 130. Can build 3 knights? 90 wood, 90 iron. Yes, 3 knights. Or 4? 120 wood, 120 iron - wood insufficient (100). So max 3 knights. Also has a lot of iron, so can build many archers.

So most villages can build 2 knights per turn. That would add 20 knights total if all build. But we also need to consider that building takes 1 turn, and the troops are ready next turn. So if we build this turn, they will be available next turn. We might want to build this turn to have them for next turn's attacks.

But we also need to decide on movements this turn. We can send existing troops to attack or reinforce. Since travel times are often 1 turn, if we send this turn, they will arrive next turn and fight then? Actually, if we send from a village that is 1 turn away, they will arrive at the start of next turn? The rules: "Marching takes turns, and during those turns the enemy keeps building and moving." So if we send on turn 21, they will arrive on turn 22 (if 1 turn march). Then on turn 22, they will fight the garrison. But the garrison might have been reinforced on turn 22 as well. So we need to consider that the enemy can also send reinforcements to their villages. So the defense we see now might increase by the time we arrive.

We need to decide whether to attack now or wait. Since we need to conquer 8 villages, we should be aggressive. But we also need to defend our own villages. The enemy might attack our border villages. If we send our troops away, our border villages might be left with fewer defenders, making them vulnerable. We need to balance.

Let's consider the enemy's possible attacks. Which of our villages might the enemy attack? The enemy's border villages: they have Valencia (border with Castellon and Teruel), Toledo (border with Teruel and Madrid), Salamanca (border with Madrid), Vigo (border with Burgos). They might also have troops in other villages that can reach our borders. The enemy could send troops from their interior villages to attack our borders. For example, from Cordoba or Murcia to Valencia or Toledo, then to our borders. But we don't know their orders.

We should reinforce our border villages to ensure they can hold against attacks. Our border villages currently have garrisons: Castellon 7, Teruel 7, Madrid 9, Burgos 8. Their effective defenses: Castellon 18, Teruel 18, Madrid 23, Burgos 20. These are decent but not overwhelming. If the enemy sends a large force, they could fall. We can send reinforcements from interior villages to these border villages. For example, Zaragoza has 27 troops; we can send some to Madrid or Teruel. Barcelona has 11; send to Castellon via Tarragona? But that takes time. Girona has 9; can send to Huesca then to Zaragoza? That's indirect.

We need to decide on a specific plan. Let's think about the turn sequence. We are on turn 21. We need to hold 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns. That means we need to have 18 villages at the start of turn 22 and turn 23? Or at the end of turn 22 and 23? The rule: "hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns". So we need to possess 18 villages at the end of two consecutive turns. Currently we have 10. So we need to conquer at least 8 more this turn or next turn to reach 18, and then hold them for another turn. Since we can only send orders this turn, we can try to conquer villages this turn (arriving next turn) and hope to hold them. But if we conquer them next turn, we would have them at the end of turn 22? Actually, if we attack this turn (turn 21), the battle happens on turn 22 (when they arrive). If we win, we conquer the village, so at the end of turn 22 we would own it. Then we need to hold it for one more turn (turn 23) to satisfy "2 consecutive turns"? Or does "2 consecutive turns" mean we need to hold them at the end of turn 22 and turn 23? That would be two consecutive turns. So if we conquer villages on turn 22, we hold them at the end of turn 22 and turn 23, which is two turns. So we could win by conquering enough on turn 22. But we need to survive turn 23 without losing them. So we need to defend them.

Alternatively, we could conquer some this turn (if we attack a village that is 0 turns away? But all marches take at least 1 turn. So any attack we order now will arrive next turn at the earliest. So we cannot conquer a village on turn 21. So our current holdings are 10 at the end of turn 21. We need to increase to 18 by the end of turn 22. So we need to conquer 8 villages on turn 22. That means we need to launch attacks this turn that will succeed next turn. But we also need to ensure that we don't lose any of our current 10 villages on turn 22 due to enemy attacks. So we need to defend our villages.

So our strategy for turn 21: send armies to attack enemy villages, with the goal of conquering at least 8 of them on turn 22. But we can only send armies from our villages. Each army can attack one target. We have multiple villages that can send troops. We can send multiple armies to different targets. But note: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So we cannot combine forces from different villages to attack one target on the same turn. But we can send from one village a large force, and from another village a smaller force to a different target. Or we can send to the same target from different villages on different turns? But if they arrive on the same turn, they fight separately. So it's better to send a single large force from one village to each target, rather than splitting.

We need to allocate our troops to attack multiple enemy villages. We have 88 troops total. We can send some to attack, and leave some to defend our own villages. But if we send all our troops to attack, our own villages might be left with minimal defense. However, our villages have some inherent defense? The effective defense numbers are based on the troops at home. If we send all troops away, the village's defense becomes 0? Actually, the effective defense is calculated from the troops at home. If we send all troops, the village would have no troops to defend it, so its effective defense would be 0? But wait, the report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 33" for Barcelona, which is based on the 11 troops there. If we send those 11 troops away, the defense would drop. But the enemy might attack our villages. If we leave them undefended, the enemy could conquer them easily. So we need to keep some troops at home for defense, or we need to reinforce our villages with troops from other villages? Actually, if we send troops from Barcelona to attack, Barcelona's defense decreases. But we could send troops from another village to Barcelona to reinforce it? That would be a movement to a village we own. But that takes time, and the troops would arrive after the enemy might attack. Since orders are simultaneous, we don't know if the enemy will attack Barcelona. But Barcelona is interior, so the enemy would have to go through border villages to reach it. It's less likely to be attacked directly unless the enemy breaks through. Our border villages are the first line of defense. So we should keep our border villages strong, and we can send troops from interior villages to reinforce borders, or send troops from borders to attack and then reinforce them later? But if we send troops from a border village to attack, that border village becomes weaker, and the enemy might attack it. So we need to be careful.

Perhaps we should focus on defending our border villages and launching attacks from interior villages that are not on the front line. For example, Zaragoza is interior but close to the border. We can send its troops to attack enemy villages via Madrid or Teruel. But if we send them to attack, they will march through our own villages? Actually, to attack an enemy village, we send troops from a village directly to the enemy village. They don't pass through our villages unless the road goes through them. But the road network: from Zaragoza to Toledo: Zaragoza -> Teruel -> Toledo? Or directly? Road: [17] Zaragoza connects to [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona. It does not connect directly to Toledo. Toledo is [8], connected to [4], [11], [12], [13]. So from Zaragoza, to attack Toledo, we would go Zaragoza -> Teruel (13) -> Toledo (8). But Teruel is our village, so we would pass through it. The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So if we send from Zaragoza to Toledo, the path is Zaragoza -> Teruel -> Toledo. Teruel is ours, so they would pass through it? Actually, the rule says they stop at the first village that is not yours. Since Teruel is ours, they would continue through it? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So if they encounter a village that is yours, they don't stop; they continue. So they would go through Teruel and then to Toledo. But they would have to march through Teruel, which might take time. The march time given is from the starting village to the destination. So if we send from Zaragoza to Toledo, the march time would be the sum of Zaragoza->Teruel and Teruel->Toledo. The report gives march times from Teruel to Toledo: 1 turn. And from Zaragoza to Teruel? Not given, but likely 1 turn. So total 2 turns. But we could also send from Teruel directly to Toledo in 1 turn. So it's better to send from the border village directly to minimize travel time and enemy reinforcement.

So we should use our border villages to launch attacks, because they are closer. But if we send all troops from a border village to attack, that border village will have no defense. We could send reinforcements from interior to the border village first, then from the border village to attack? But that would take multiple turns. Alternatively, we can send troops from interior villages directly to attack enemy villages, bypassing our border villages? But they would still have to pass through our border villages if the road goes through them. For example, from Zaragoza to Valencia: Zaragoza -> Teruel -> Valencia. Teruel is ours, so they pass through. The march time would be Zaragoza->Teruel (1 turn?) + Teruel->Valencia (1 turn) = 2 turns. So it's slower.

Given the simultaneous nature, we need to decide on a set of moves that maximizes our chance of conquering 8 villages while defending our own.

Let's list the enemy villages we can attack directly from our border villages in 1 turn (i.e., they are directly connected and the march time is 1 turn for all speeds? Actually, we need to check the march times from each border village to adjacent enemy villages.

From Castellon (18):
- to Valencia (16): 1 turn (all speeds)
- to other enemy? Castellon also connects to Teruel (13) (ours) and Tarragona (21) (ours) and Zaragoza? Actually, road: [18] Castellon: [13], [16], [21]. So only enemy directly is Valencia.

From Teruel (13):
- to Toledo (8): 1 turn (from report)
- to Valencia (16): likely 1 turn (since directly connected)
- to other? Teruel connects to [8], [16], [17], [18]. So two enemy villages.

From Madrid (12):
- to Salamanca (7): 1 turn
- to Toledo (8): likely 1 turn (directly connected)
- Madrid also connects to [14] Burgos (ours) and [17] Zaragoza (ours). So two enemy villages.

From Burgos (14):
- to Vigo (10): 1 turn
- to other? Burgos connects to [10], [12], [19]. So only Vigo directly.

Also, we have other border villages? What about Badajoz? We don't own it. Porto? We don't own. So our only direct attacks from border villages are: Valencia from Castellon or Teruel; Toledo from Teruel or Madrid; Salamanca from Madrid; Vigo from Burgos. That's 4 enemy villages. But we need to conquer 8. We also need to consider attacking from non-border villages? For example, from Zaragoza we could attack Toledo or Valencia, but it would take 2 turns. Or from Barcelona, we could attack? Barcelona is far. So we need to attack more than just the directly connected ones. We can also attack from our border villages after we reinforce them? Actually, we can send troops from interior villages to our border villages, and then from there attack next turn. But that would be turn 22's orders. For turn 21, we can only send troops on marches that will arrive on turn 22 or later. So we can send troops from interior villages to enemy villages directly, but they will take longer. For example, from Zaragoza to Valencia: 2 turns, so they would arrive on turn 23. That might be too late if we need to hold 18 by turn 22? Actually, we need to hold 18 for 2 consecutive turns. If we conquer on turn 23, we would hold them at the end of turn 23 and turn 24. That could still win if we haven't won by then. But the game might end earlier? The problem doesn't specify a turn limit. So we can take our time. But we should try to win as soon as possible.

But we also need to consider that the enemy is also expanding. They might conquer some of our villages or reinforce theirs. So we need to be efficient.

Let's think about the total number of villages. We have 10. The enemy has at least: Valencia, Salamanca, Toledo, Vigo, Murcia, Cordoba, Badajoz, Porto. That's 8 visible. Plus unexplored: Coimbra, Sevilha, Faro, Santarem, Lisboa, Evora. That's 6. Total 24. So the enemy likely has the 8 visible plus some of the unexplored. Some unexplored might be neutral. But the problem says "The enemy capital is the hardest single target on the map; taking it is NOT required to win." So the enemy has a capital (Lisboa) and other villages. So the enemy probably has most of the unexplored ones. So to get to 18, we need to conquer at least 8 enemy villages. The enemy has maybe 14 villages total? If we have 10, enemy has 14. So we need to take 8 of those 14, leaving them with 6, and we'd have 18. That would be a majority.

We need to plan a sequence of attacks. Since we can only give orders this turn, we need to decide which armies to send where. We can send multiple armies from different villages to different targets. We should try to attack weak targets first.

Let's assess the strength of each enemy village and how many troops we need to send to win with acceptable losses.

We need to calculate the effective attack of our forces and compare to enemy effective defense, considering counter.

First, let's define the attack and defense values:
spearman: atk 1, def 2
archer: atk 2, def 2
knight: atk 4, def 2

Location bonus: village x1.25, castle x1.5. The effective defense in the report already includes this. So we don't need to apply it again.

Counter: if our most numerous type counters their most numerous type, our attack force is multiplied by 1.5. If their most numerous type counters our most numerous type, their defense force is multiplied by 1.5? The rule says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't specify attacker or defender, so it applies to whichever side has the counter. So if we attack and the defender has the counter, their effective defense is multiplied by 1.5. We need to check that.

Let's assume the counter applies to the side that has it, regardless of role. So when attacking, we need to compare our attack (with counter if we have it) to their defense (with counter if they have it). The higher wins. Tie favors defender.

So we need to choose our troop composition such that we have the counter against them, or at least not be countered.

Let's analyze each enemy village:

1. Valencia (16): garrison 1s,3a,1k. Most numerous: archer (3). Their defense: total defense = 1*2 + 3*2 + 1*2 = 10. Effective defense given: 13 (includes location bonus). So location bonus is 1.3x? Actually 10 * 1.25 = 12.5, rounded to 13. So base defense 10, effective 13. If we attack with knights, our most numerous would be knights (if we send mostly knights). Knight counters archer, so we have counter: our attack x1.5. If we attack with archers, most numerous archer, no counter. If we attack with spearmen, most numerous spearman, but their most numerous is archer, which counters spearman. So they have counter against us: their defense x1.5. So we definitely want to attack with knights.

What if we send a mix where the most numerous is knight? We need to ensure knights are the most numerous. So we should send a force where knights > archers and spearman. For example, send 4 knights, 1 archer, 1 spearman: knights=4, others=1, most numerous knight. Then we get counter bonus.

Now, what attack force do we need to beat effective defense 13? Our attack force = sum of attack values. Knights have 4 attack. If we send 4 knights: attack = 4*4 = 16. With counter 1.5x = 24. That's > 13, so we win. But we also need to consider losses. The winner takes losses equal to the loser's effective force? The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." This is vague. In many such games, losses are a fraction of the loser's force. We need to assume that we will suffer some losses. To minimize losses, we want to overwhelm them with superior force. But we also want to preserve our troops for future attacks.

We could send more knights to reduce losses? Actually, if we send more, our attack is higher, but we might lose more troops if the enemy's effective defense is high? The attrition is against the loser's effective force. So if we win, our losses are proportional to their effective defense? Or their attack? The rule says "attrition against the loser's effective force." So the loser's effective force determines the losses for the winner. In this case, the loser is the defender, so their effective force is their defense (with counter if applicable). If we have counter, their defense is not multiplied? Wait, if we have counter, does that mean they don't have counter? The counter is determined by the most numerous types. If our most numerous is knight and theirs is archer, we have counter, they do not. So their defense is not multiplied. So their effective force is just the effective defense given (13). So our losses would be based on 13. If we attack with 4 knights, our attack is 24, we win, and we lose some troops proportional to 13. The exact loss formula isn't given, but we can assume it's something like: we lose troops equal to a fraction of their effective force, maybe (their effective force / our effective force) * our force? Not sure. In previous turns, we might have seen combat reports. Since we don't have that, we need to be cautious. We might want to send a larger force to ensure victory but not excessively large to waste troops. Since we need to conquer 8 villages, we need to have enough troops to do all attacks.

Let's estimate the number of troops needed for each target. We'll assume that we want to attack with the counter type, and we want our effective attack to be at least somewhat larger than their effective defense to minimize losses. But we also have limited troops.

Let's list our available troops by type: 33 spearman, 24 archer, 31 knight. Total 88.

We can send troops from different villages. We need to decide which villages to send from. Since travel times are 1 turn for border villages, we should use border villages to attack nearby enemies. But we also need to keep some troops at our border villages for defense. If we send all troops from a border village, it will have 0 defense. The enemy might attack it. So we should leave a reasonable garrison. But what is a reasonable garrison? The enemy's effective defenses range from 8 to 65. Our border villages have defenses: Castellon 18, Teruel 18, Madrid 23, Burgos 20. If we leave them with no troops, their defense becomes 0 (or just the location bonus? Actually, defense is based on troops. If no troops, defense is 0. But the location bonus multiplies defense. With 0 troops, defense is 0. So they would fall easily.

So we need to balance. Perhaps we can send some troops from border villages to attack, and send reinforcements from interior to the border villages to compensate. But the reinforcements would take 1 turn to arrive. If we send from interior to border on turn 21, they arrive on turn 22. Meanwhile, if we send from border to attack on turn 21, they leave on turn 21 and arrive on turn 22. So on turn 22, the border village would have the reinforcements arriving and the attackers leaving? Actually, the orders are simultaneous. The troops we send from a village are removed from that village at the start of the march? The rules: "Each village you hold produces resources every turn... Cap per village: when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building... Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up..." It doesn't specify exactly when troops are subtracted. But typically, when you send troops, they are no longer at the sending village for defense purposes that turn. Since the enemy writes orders simultaneously over the same snapshot, the enemy sees the map as it is now (turn 21). So if we send troops from Castellon to attack Valencia, the enemy doesn't know that, but the map state for combat resolution on turn 22 will have those troops in transit. When the enemy attacks Castellon on turn 22 (if they do), they would fight the troops that are still at Castellon? Or the troops that were sent? The rules: "The enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." So the enemy's orders are based on the current state (turn 21). So if the enemy decides to attack Castellon, they will send troops to Castellon. Those troops will arrive on some turn. Meanwhile, our troops we send from Castellon will leave. The combat at Castellon, if attacked, would involve the troops that are at Castellon at the time of arrival. If we send all troops away, Castellon might have 0 troops when the enemy arrives, so it would fall. But if we send reinforcements to Castellon from elsewhere, they might arrive before the enemy? It depends on timing.

Since we don't know the enemy's moves, we need to make robust decisions. Perhaps we should keep enough troops at each border village to defend against a reasonable attack. What is a reasonable attack? The enemy can send troops from their nearby villages. For example, the enemy could send from Valencia to attack Castellon. Valencia has 1s,3a,1k currently. They could build more. They could also send from other villages to Valencia, then to Castellon. But that takes time. The most immediate threat is from directly connected enemy villages. So for Castellon, the threat is Valencia. Valencia's current effective defense is 13, but that's their defense when attacked. Their attack force would be their troops' attack values. 1s (atk1), 3a (atk2 each), 1k (atk4). Total attack = 1+6+4=11. If they attack Castellon, they would have counter? Their most numerous is archer. Castellon's troops: currently 5s,2a. Most numerous spearman. Archer counters spearman? Actually, archer counters spearman. So if the enemy attacks with archers as most numerous, and we have spearmen as most numerous, the enemy has the counter against us. So their attack would be multiplied by 1.5. So their effective attack = 11 * 1.5 = 16.5. Castellon's effective defense is 18 (with location bonus). So if we keep the current garrison, we would win? But we need to check: when defending, our defense counts x1.25 in a village. The effective defense 18 already includes that. So our defense is 18. Their attack is 16.5, so we win. But if they bring more troops, they could overcome. So keeping the current garrison might be enough for now. But we might want to reinforce Castellon to be safe.

Similarly, for Teruel: current troops 3s,1a,3k. Most numerous? 3s and 3k? Actually, 3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight. Most numerous: tie between spearman and knight. Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So spearman is most numerous. If attacked by Toledo (2s,12a,12k), their most numerous is archer (12) or knight (12)? Tie between archer and knight, tie breaks to archer. So their most numerous is archer. Archer counters spearman. So they have counter against us. Their attack: 2s (atk1), 12a (atk2), 12k (atk4) = 2+24+48=74. With counter 1.5x = 111. Teruel's effective defense is 18. That's a huge difference. So if Toledo attacks Teruel with its full force, Teruel would fall easily. But would Toledo send its full force? They might split their forces. But we need to be aware that Teruel is vulnerable to Toledo. Madrid is also vulnerable to Toledo or Salamanca. Burgos is vulnerable to Vigo.

So we need to reinforce our border villages. But we also want to attack. Perhaps we should send troops from interior villages to reinforce our borders, and then from our borders attack enemy villages? But we can only do one movement per army per turn. We could send from Zaragoza to Teruel to reinforce, and then next turn from Teruel to attack. But that delays attacks.

Given the need to conquer 8 villages, we might need to be on the offensive. But we also need to defend. Perhaps we can launch attacks from our interior villages directly to enemy villages, bypassing our border villages? But as noted, they would have to pass through our border villages, which takes time. However, if we send from Zaragoza to Valencia, the path is Zaragoza -> Teruel -> Valencia. Teruel is ours, so they pass through. They would arrive on turn 22? Let's calculate: Zaragoza to Teruel: not given, but likely 1 turn (since they are connected). Teruel to Valencia: 1 turn. So total 2 turns. So they would arrive on turn 23. That's slower. But if we send from Teruel directly, it's 1 turn. So using border villages is faster.

Maybe we can do both: send reinforcements from interior to border villages, and send the border villages' troops to attack, effectively swapping. For example, send Zaragoza's troops to Teruel, and send Teruel's troops to attack Toledo. That way, Teruel gets reinforced before its troops leave? But since orders are simultaneous, if we send from Teruel to attack and from Zaragoza to Teruel, what is the net effect? The troops from Zaragoza will arrive at Teruel on turn 22 (1 turn march). The troops from Teruel to attack will leave on turn 21 and arrive at Toledo on turn 22. So on turn 22, Teruel will have the reinforcements from Zaragoza, but will have lost the troops that were sent to attack. So its defense might be similar or different. We need to calculate the numbers.

Let's consider a specific plan: We want to attack Valencia, Toledo, Salamanca, Vigo. We need to conquer them. We also need to consider Murcia, Cordoba, Badajoz, Porto, etc. But maybe we can attack the weaker ones first.

Let's list the enemy villages with their effective defense and our assessment of required attack.

We'll assume we attack with the counter type. We need to calculate the minimum number of troops to win with acceptable losses. Since losses are based on the loser's effective force, if we have a large advantage, our losses will be small relative to our force. But we need to quantify. Without a specific formula, we can use the rule: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins." So we just need higher effective force. But to minimize losses, we want to maximize the difference. However, we also have limited troops. We need to allocate troops to multiple attacks.

Let's try to estimate the loss formula. In many strategy games, losses are calculated as: loser's effective force / winner's effective force * winner's force? Or something like that. Since it's not specified, we might assume that losses are significant if the forces are close. To be safe, we should aim for a ratio of at least 2:1 or more.

Let's look at the example from the report: "you attacked here 1x in the last 8 turns (1 conquered)" for Toledo and Vigo. That means we attacked Toledo and Vigo in previous turns and conquered one of them? Actually, it says for Toledo: "you attacked here 1x in the last 8 turns (1 conquered)" and for Vigo: "you attacked here 1x in the last 8 turns (1 conquered)". So we attacked both and conquered one? That doesn't make sense. It says for each: "you attacked here 1x in the last 8 turns (1 conquered)". That might mean we attacked that village once and conquered it? But it says "1 conquered" in parentheses. So maybe we attacked and conquered it? But then it says "was 5, 5 turns ago" for Toledo's defense. So Toledo's defense was 5 five turns ago, now it's 65. That suggests it was reinforced. So we might have attacked and failed? Or we attacked and conquered, but then the enemy retook it? The history is unclear.

Given the uncertainty, we need to be cautious. We should try to attack with overwhelming force to ensure victory and minimize losses. But we have limited troops. We need to decide which villages to attack and with what.

Let's consider the total troops we can commit. We have 88. If we send them all to attack, we might conquer several villages, but our own villages would be undefended. The enemy might attack our villages and take them. Since we need to hold 18 for 2 turns, we can't afford to lose any of our current 10. So we must ensure our villages are safe. That means we need to keep enough troops at each village to defend against possible attacks. But we don't know which villages the enemy will attack. They might attack our border villages or our interior villages. To be safe, we should keep a garrison at every village. But how many? The enemy's attack forces could be large. We need to estimate the maximum attack the enemy could launch at each of our villages.

The enemy has several villages. They can send troops from their villages to attack. The march times from their villages to ours are similar to ours to them. For example, from Valencia to Castellon: 1 turn. So the enemy could send troops from Valencia to Castellon on turn 21, arriving turn 22. Valencia currently has 1s,3a,1k. They could build more this turn. They could also send troops from other villages to Valencia, then to Castellon, but that would take longer. So the most immediate threat to Castellon is from Valencia. The maximum attack from Valencia if they send all troops: 1s,3a,1k. Attack = 1+6+4=11. With counter? If they send mostly archers, and we have spearmen, they get counter. So effective attack up to 16.5. Castellon's defense with current troops is 18. So if we keep the current troops, we can defend. If we send some troops away, our defense drops. For example, if we send the 5 spearmen away, leaving 2 archers, our defense would be: 2 archers def 2 each = 4, with location bonus 1.25 = 5. Effective defense 5. Then even a small attack could win. So we need to keep a balanced garrison.

Perhaps we should not send troops from our border villages at all. Instead, we should send reinforcements from interior to border villages to increase their defense, and then attack from those border villages next turn? But we need to attack this turn to make progress. If we don't attack this turn, we lose a turn. But we can build troops this turn and attack next turn. That might be safer.

Let's think about the turn timer. We are on turn 21. The game might continue until someone wins. There's no indication of a turn limit. So we can take a more defensive approach this turn: build troops, reinforce borders, and maybe send some troops to attack weak targets if we can do so without compromising defense.

But we need to conquer 8 villages. If we play too defensively, the enemy might also build and reinforce, making it harder later. So we need to be proactive.

Let's analyze the enemy's likely moves. The enemy is King A. They want to win by holding 18 villages or eliminating enemy villages. They currently hold many. They might try to attack our villages to reduce our holdings. They might also build troops. Since we don't know their orders, we can only guess.

Perhaps we can look at the map and identify which of our villages are most vulnerable. Our border villages: Castellon, Teruel, Madrid, Burgos. Also, our interior villages are not directly on the border, but they could be reached if the enemy breaks through. For now, the enemy must attack through border villages. So if we keep our border villages strong, our interior is safe.

What if we send all our interior troops to reinforce borders, and then use the border troops to attack? For example, from Zaragoza (27 troops) we can send to Teruel or Madrid. From Barcelona (11) to Tarragona then Castellon? That takes 2 turns. From Girona (9) to Huesca then Zaragoza? That's indirect. From Pamplona (2) to Burgos. From Huesca (5) to Zaragoza. So we can consolidate forces at the borders.

Let's consider the following: We want to attack Valencia, Salamanca, Vigo, and maybe Toledo later. We can send troops from Castellon to Valencia, from Madrid to Salamanca, from Burgos to Vigo. But we need to leave enough troops at those villages to defend. We can send reinforcements from Zaragoza to Madrid and Teruel, from Barcelona to Castellon via Tarragona? But that takes time.

Since travel times are 1 turn for many, we can send reinforcements from interior to border this turn, and they will arrive next turn. Simultaneously, we can send border troops to attack this turn, and they will arrive next turn. So on turn 22, the border villages will have the reinforcements and will have lost the attacking troops. The net defense might be similar or better if we send more reinforcements than we take. But we need to ensure the border village doesn't fall on turn 22 if the enemy attacks it. The enemy's attack would arrive on turn 22 as well. So the combat on turn 22 at the border village would involve the troops that are present at that time. Those troops would be: the original garrison minus those sent to attack, plus reinforcements arriving. Since orders are simultaneous, the enemy doesn't know we are sending reinforcements. But the combat is resolved based on the troops present at the time of battle. If we send reinforcements from Zaragoza to Madrid, they arrive on turn 22. If we also send Madrid's troops to attack Salamanca, they leave on turn 21. So on turn 22, Madrid will have: original troops - attackers + reinforcements. If we time it right, the reinforcements might arrive before the battle? The rules: "Marching takes turns, and during those turns the enemy keeps building and moving." It doesn't specify the exact order of arrival and combat. Typically, in such games, all marches complete at the start of the turn, then combats occur. So if we send reinforcements from Zaragoza to Madrid (1 turn), they arrive at the start of turn 22. If we send attackers from Madrid to Salamanca (1 turn), they leave at the start of turn 21 and arrive at the start of turn 22. So at the start of turn 22, the attackers are at Salamanca, and the reinforcements are at Madrid. The enemy's attack on Madrid would also arrive at the start of turn 22. So the garrison of Madrid at the time of combat would be the original minus those sent to attack, plus reinforcements. So we can calculate.

Thus, we can effectively "swap" troops: send the more combat-effective troops to attack, and send weaker troops or just numbers to reinforce. But we need to have enough troops to reinforce.

Let's design a plan for turn 21.

We have the following troops available per village (we can send any subset, but we must specify which troops to send. The movements allow specifying quantities of each type. We can also build new troops this turn, which will be available next turn.

First, let's decide on builds. Building troops takes 1 turn, so they will be ready on turn 22. We should build troops that we need for future attacks. Since we want to attack with knights (for counter), we should build knights where possible. But knights are expensive. We can also build archers or spearmen to reinforce or for specific counters.

Let's check each village's resource and what we can build. We'll list current wood and iron, and what we can build this turn. Note: resources are per village, and each village pays for its own builds. So we need to ensure the village has enough resources now. The resources listed are the current stock, and they increase by the production amounts each turn. But the production happens at the start of the turn? The report says "wood 95 (+30/turn)" meaning it produces 30 wood per turn. So the current stock is 95, and next turn it will be 95+30=125? But we can only order builds based on current stock? The rule: "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." So we use the current stock. So we can spend up to the current wood and iron. After ordering, the resources are deducted. Then next turn, production adds.

So for each village, we can order builds that cost no more than its current wood and iron.

Let's list each village's current resources and what we might want to build.

Barcelona: wood 95, iron 70.
Can build: 
- knights: 30 wood, 30 iron -> max 2 (60 wood, 60 iron), leaving 35 wood, 10 iron.
- archers: 20 wood, 10 iron -> max 4 (80 wood, 40 iron) but limited by iron? 4 archers need 40 iron, we have 70, so 4 archers possible, leaving 15 wood, 30 iron. Actually, 4 archers = 80 wood, 40 iron. We have 95 wood, so wood ok. Iron 70-40=30. So 4 archers.
- spearmen: 15 wood, 0 iron -> max 6 (90 wood) leaving 5 wood, 70 iron.
We might want to build a mix. Since we want knights for attack, maybe build 2 knights. But Barcelona is interior and might not be used for direct attack soon. We might want to build archers or spearmen for defense? Actually, for defense, spearmen have good defense (2) and are cheap. But archers also have defense 2. Knights have defense 2 as well. So all have same defense. But for attack, we want knights. So building knights is good for future offensives. But we might also need to defend Barcelona. Since Barcelona is capital, it might be a target. But it's interior, so less likely. We can build 2 knights and maybe some archers or spearmen. But we need to consider the troop cap: 300 per village. Barcelona has 11 now, so plenty of room.

Tarragona: wood 95, iron 60.
- knights: max 2 (60 wood, 60 iron) leaving 35 wood, 0 iron.
- archers: max 3? 3 archers = 60 wood, 30 iron. Or 4? 80 wood, 40 iron - wood 95 ok, iron 60 ok. So 4 archers max? Actually, 4 archers: 80 wood, 40 iron. We have 95 wood, 60 iron. So 4 archers possible, leaving 15 wood, 20 iron. 5 archers: 100 wood - not enough wood. So max 4 archers.
- spearmen: max 6 (90 wood) leaving 5 wood, 60 iron.
We might build knights or archers.

Girona: wood 95, iron 60. Same as Tarragona.

Castellon: wood 95, iron 70.
- knights: max 2 (60,60) leaving 35/10.
- archers: max 4 (80,40) leaving 15/30.
- spearmen: max 6 (90,0) leaving 5/70.
Castellon is a border village. We might want to build troops that can defend or attack. Since it faces Valencia (archer-based), building knights for counter-attack is good. Or we could build spearmen for defense? But spearmen are weak against archers. Actually, if Valencia attacks Castellon, their most numerous is archer. If we have spearmen, they counter us. So we don't want spearmen. If we have archers, no counter. If we have knights, we have counter? Wait, if we are defending, the counter applies to the attacker. So if Valencia attacks us, they have archers. If our most numerous is knights, then knights counter archers? Actually, knight counters archer. So if the attacker has archers and we have knights, the attacker has the counter? No: the rule says "spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer." So if attacker has archers, and defender has knights, then archers counter spearmen, not knights. Knights counter archers. So the attacker's most numerous (archer) does not counter the defender's most numerous (knight); instead, the defender's most numerous (knight) counters the attacker's most numerous (archer). So the defender would have the counter! That would multiply the defender's defense by 1.5. That's great. So if we defend with knights against archers, we get a defense multiplier. So building knights for defense is good against archer-heavy enemies. If we defend with spearmen against archers, the attacker has counter (archer counters spearman), so our defense is multiplied? Actually, if attacker has counter, does that mean attacker's attack is multiplied, or defender's defense is reduced? The rule: "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So if the attacker has the counter, their attack is multiplied. If the defender has the counter, their defense is multiplied. So we want to have the counter when defending. So we should build troops that counter the enemy's most numerous type. For Castellon, the likely attacker is Valencia with archers. So we want our most numerous to be knights (since knights counter archers). So building knights for defense at Castellon is good. For Teruel, the likely attackers are Toledo (archers/knights) or Valencia (archers). If Toledo attacks, their most numerous is archer (or knight). If they have archers, we want knights. If they have knights, we want spearmen. Since Toledo has both, it's ambiguous. But we can build a mix.

Zaragoza: wood 90, iron 60.
- knights: max 2 (60,60) leaving 30/0.
- archers: max 3? 3 archers = 60 wood, 30 iron. 4 archers = 80 wood, 40 iron. So 4 archers max? Wood 90, so 4 archers (80 wood) ok, iron 60-40=20. So 4 archers.
- spearmen: max 6 (90 wood) leaving 0/60.
Zaragoza is interior but close to front. We might want to build knights to send to Madrid or Teruel for attacks.

Huesca: wood 90, iron 60. Same as Zaragoza.

Teruel: wood 90, iron 60. Same.

Madrid: wood 130, iron 80.
- knights: max 4? 4 knights = 120 wood, 120 iron - iron insufficient. So max 2 knights (60,60) leaving 70/20. Or 3 knights? 90 wood, 90 iron - iron insufficient. So 2 knights.
- archers: max 6? 6 archers = 120 wood, 60 iron. Wood 130, iron 80. So 6 archers possible, leaving 10 wood, 20 iron. 7 archers = 140 wood - not enough.
- spearmen: max 8? 8 spearmen = 120 wood, 0 iron. Leaving 10 wood, 80 iron. 9 spearmen = 135 wood - not enough.
So Madrid can build many spearmen or archers, but only 2 knights.

Pamplona: wood 100, iron 60.
- knights: max 2 (60,60) leaving 40/0.
- archers: max 4? 4 archers = 80 wood, 40 iron. 5 archers = 100 wood, 50 iron. So 5 archers possible? Wood 100, so 5 archers = 100 wood, 50 iron. Yes, 5 archers max.
- spearmen: max 6 (90 wood) leaving 10/60.

Burgos: wood 100, iron 130.
- knights: max 3 (90,90) leaving 10/40. 4 knights = 120 wood - not enough wood.
- archers: max 5? 5 archers = 100 wood, 50 iron. 6 archers = 120 wood - not enough wood. So 5 archers.
- spearmen: max 6 (90 wood) leaving 10/130.

So overall, we can build many troops. We should prioritize building knights where possible, because they are effective for attack and defense against archers. But we also need spearmen for countering knights (e.g., Salamanca). So we should build some spearmen too.

Now, let's decide on a specific strategy for turn 21.

Goal: Conquer at least 8 villages by turn 22 or soon after, while defending our current 10.

We need to launch attacks this turn that will succeed next turn. We can send armies from multiple villages. Let's list possible attacks and the troops we can send.

We have 4 border villages that can attack directly: Castellon -> Valencia; Teruel -> Toledo or Valencia; Madrid -> Salamanca or Toledo; Burgos -> Vigo. That's 4 attacks. But we need 8 villages. We can also attack from other villages, but they take longer. For example, from Zaragoza we can attack Toledo or Valencia (2 turns). From Barcelona we can attack? Barcelona is far. From Pamplona we can attack? It connects to Burgos, so could attack Vigo via Burgos? But that would be 2 turns. From Huesca, etc.

Maybe we can attack from interior villages directly to enemy villages that are not directly connected to our borders, but that would take multiple turns. For instance, from Zaragoza to Cordoba? Zaragoza -> Madrid -> Toledo -> Cordoba? That's 3 turns. So not immediate.

We might need to conquer the directly connected ones first, then use them as stepping stones. For example, if we conquer Valencia, we can then attack Murcia or other villages from there. So we should focus on the border attacks first.

But we need 8 villages. The directly connected enemy villages are: Valencia, Toledo, Salamanca, Vigo. That's 4. We also have Murcia, Cordoba, Badajoz, Porto, and the unexplored ones. Some of these might be reachable from our villages after we conquer the border ones. But for now, we can only attack the ones we have roads to. Actually, we can attack any village if we can reach it via roads, but we must stop at enemy villages. So to attack Murcia (15), we would need to go through Valencia (16) or from Teruel via Valencia? Road: [15] Murcia: [11], [16]. So to attack Murcia, we must go through Valencia (if from Castellon) or through Cordoba? Actually, from our territory, to reach Murcia, we'd have to go through Valencia or through Teruel -> Valencia -> Murcia. Since Valencia is enemy, we would stop there. So we cannot attack Murcia without first conquering Valencia. Similarly, Cordoba (11) is connected to [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia. To attack Cordoba, we'd need to go through Toledo or Sevilha. So we must conquer Toledo or Sevilha first. Badajoz (4) is connected to [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. To attack Badajoz, we could go from Madrid to Salamanca (7) -> Badajoz? Salamanca is enemy, so we'd stop there. Or from Teruel to Toledo -> Badajoz? So we need to conquer intermediate villages. Porto (6) is connected to [3], [7], [10]. To attack Porto, we need to go through Vigo or Salamanca. So the first wave of attacks should target the border villages directly connected to us: Valencia, Toledo, Salamanca, Vigo. If we conquer these, we can then attack further.

So we need to conquer at least these 4, plus 4 more beyond them. That means we need to conquer 8 in total. So we should plan a sequence.

For this turn (turn 21), we can send armies to attack these 4 border villages. We need to allocate troops to each attack. We also need to keep enough troops at our border villages to defend if the enemy attacks them instead of attacking us. But note: if we attack Valencia from Castellon, we send troops from Castellon to Valencia. The enemy might also send troops from Valencia to Castellon. That would be a head-on battle on the road? Or they would both arrive at each other's targets? Actually, if we send from Castellon to Valencia, and the enemy sends from Valencia to Castellon, they would meet on the road. The rule: "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there: head-on, or when one catches up with the other on the same stretch of road. It is an open-field battle: BOTH armies count their ATTACK, and neither gets a location bonus; a tie is decided by chance. The losing army is destroyed entirely; the winner takes losses and keeps marching." So if both send troops on the same road in opposite directions, they will meet and fight on the road. The winner continues marching to the original destination? Or they might take the loser's destination? The rule says "the winner takes losses and keeps marching." So they continue to the original destination. So if we send from Castellon to Valencia and they send from Valencia to Castellon, they would meet somewhere on the road. If our army wins, it continues to Valencia and attacks the garrison there? But the garrison might have left? Actually, if the enemy sent their garrison to attack Castellon, then Valencia might be undefended? But the enemy could have left some troops behind? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So if the enemy sends troops from Valencia to Castellon, they leave Valencia. If they send all troops, Valencia is empty. But they might not send all. They might leave a garrison. The report shows the garrison at Valencia is 1s,3a,1k. That might be the total troops they have there. If they send some, the remaining garrison is smaller. So if we attack Valencia and they send troops to attack us, we might meet on the road. That could be good for us if we win, because we could then take Valencia with no garrison? But we would have to fight the garrison first if we arrive before they leave? The timing: both orders are simultaneous. So on turn 21, we order our troops to march.
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
COMBATE [16] Valencia: atacante A Fatk=13 (ef 13) Fdef=2 (ef 4) vant=-1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~2
REFORCO [8] Toledo dono A: 2A+3K
REFORCO [8] Toledo dono A: 6A+5K
REFORCO [10] Vigo dono A: 2A+3K
placar: A 14 ald/tropas 52 | B 10 ald/tropas 88 | neutras 0 | transito 6 (A 6 | B 0)

########## TURNO 22 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4665 | resposta 9777 | raciocinio 6236 | finish stop | ms 96292
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 14, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 5},\n    {\"villageId\": 14, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 8, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 11, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 7, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 10, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 9, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 15, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 14, \"toId\": 19, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 6, \"knight\": 4}},\n    {\"fromId\": 16, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 1, \"archer\": 7, \"knight\": 3}},\n    {\"fromId\": 11, \"toId\": 8, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 1, \"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 4}},\n    {\"fromId\": 10, \"toId\": 14, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 6, \"toId\": 7, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 1, \"archer\": 4, \"knight\": 1}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Turn 23: Attack Pamplona from Burgos, Teruel from Valencia. Reinforce Toledo from Cordoba, Salamanca from Porto, Burgos from Vigo. Turn 24: Attack Madrid from Toledo/Salamanca/Burgos, Castellon from Valencia. Turn 25: Push towards Zaragoza from Madrid, Tarragona from Castellon. Build archers and knights in all villages to maintain momentum.\",\n  \"statement\": \"This turn, I am launching a two-pronged attack. From the north, Burgos sends its full force to crush the weak garrison at Pamplona. From the east, Valencia storms Teruel. Simultaneously, I am reinforcing my border villages: Cordoba to Toledo, Porto to Salamanca, and Vigo to Burgos to hold the front lines. My industry is running at full capacity, building archers and knights everywhere to feed the war machine.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A in a strategy game. I need to analyze the current state, make decisions for building and movement, write a plan for the next several turns, and write a statement for the audience.

Let's analyze the current state:
- Turn 22.
- I hold 15 of 24 villages. I need 18 for 2 consecutive turns to win, or eliminate every enemy village.
- Enemy capital is Barcelona [22], but taking it is NOT required to win.
- Enemy villages visible: [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [18] Castellon, [19] Pamplona.
- Known from before: [17] Zaragoza, [21] Tarragona, [20] Huesca.
- Unexplored: [22] Barcelona, [23] Girona.
- My villages: 15 total.
- My troops at home: 98 (6 spearman, 61 archer, 31 knight) + 26 marching.
- Marching troops: 2 spearmen, 12 archers, 12 knights from [8] Toledo to [12] Madrid, arriving in 1 turn. But wait, last turn I attacked Madrid and was defeated, and attacked Burgos and won. Let's see what happened last turn.
- "You attacked [12] Madrid: DEFEAT (your army was lost)" - so the army marching from Toledo to Madrid was lost.
- "You attacked [14] Burgos: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 4 troops)" - wait, Burgos was already mine? No, "Burgos" is listed as "YOUR VILLAGES" [14] Burgos, but it says "attacked here 1x in the last 8 turns (1 conquered)". Wait, the text says "You attacked [14] Burgos: VICTORY, conquered". But Burgos is already in my list of villages. Maybe it was a neutral or I just conquered it last turn? The list says "[14] Burgos | BORDER with [12], [19] (enemy)". So it is mine now.
- Reinforcements arrived: 3 archers at [16] Valencia, 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight at [8] Toledo, 2 archers, 4 knights at [11] Cordoba.

Let's look at the resources and available troops in my villages:
- [0] Lisboa: wood 30, iron 20. Troops: 7/300. Available: 0 spear, 3 archer, 4 knight.
- [1] Santarem: wood 40, iron 30. Troops: 10/300. Available: 0 spear, 8 archer, 2 knight.
- [2] Evora: wood 40, iron 30. Troops: 7/300. Available: 0 spear, 4 archer, 3 knight.
- [3] Coimbra: wood 30, iron 20. Troops: 9/300. Available: 0 spear, 7 archer, 2 knight.
- [4] Badajoz: wood 40, iron 30. Troops: 3/300. Available: 0 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight.
- [5] Faro: wood 35, iron 20. Troops: 15/300. Available: 0 spear, 12 archer, 3 knight.
- [6] Porto: wood 35, iron 20. Troops: 6/300. Available: 1 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight.
- [7] Salamanca: wood 40, iron 60. Troops: 1/300. Available: 0 spear, 0 archer, 1 knight.
- [8] Toledo: wood 40, iron 30. Troops: 4/300. Available: 1 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight. (already marching out: 2 spearmen, 12 archers, 12 knights - but this was the army that was defeated? Wait, the report says "already marching out (NOT available): 2 spearmen, 12 archers, 12 knights". But "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" says "You attacked [12] Madrid: DEFEAT (your army was lost)". So those troops are gone. But the report still lists them as "already marching out"? Ah, the report says "already marching out (NOT available): 2 spearmen, 12 archers, 12 knights" under [8] Toledo. This might be a snapshot from before the battle was resolved, or it's the army that was sent and lost. I should assume they are lost and the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" is what I can actually send. Wait, if they are marching out, they are not at home. But if they were lost, they are gone. Let's look at the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" for Toledo: 1 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight. The "already marching out" might be the army that just got defeated. I should not count them as available, but I also shouldn't send more to Madrid if it's too strong. Let's check Madrid's defense: effective defense 13, garrison 2 spearmen, 2 archers, 1 knight.
- [10] Vigo: wood 30, iron 20. Troops: 4/300. Available: 2 spear, 2 archer, 0 knight.
- [9] Sevilha: wood 30, iron 20. Troops: 2/300. Available: 0 spear, 2 archer, 0 knight.
- [11] Cordoba: wood 30, iron 30. Troops: 8/300. Available: 1 spear, 3 archer, 4 knight.
- [14] Burgos: wood 130, iron 150. Troops: 10/300. Available: 0 spear, 6 archer, 4 knight.
- [16] Valencia: wood 40, iron 30. Troops: 11/300. Available: 1 spear, 7 archer, 3 knight.
- [15] Murcia: wood 40, iron 20. Troops: 1/300. Available: 0 spear, 0 archer, 1 knight.

Enemy villages:
- [12] Madrid: garrison 2 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight. Def 13.
- [13] Teruel: garrison 3 spear, 1 archer, 3 knights. Def 18.
- [18] Castellon: garrison 5 spear, 2 archers. Def 18.
- [19] Pamplona: garrison 1 spear, 1 knight. Def 5.
- [17] Zaragoza: last seen 8 spear, 9 archer, 7 knight.
- [21] Tarragona: last seen 7 spear, 2 archer, 8 knight.
- [20] Huesca: last seen 1 knight.

My goal: Hold 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate all enemy villages. I have 15. I need 3 more.
The enemy has: Madrid, Teruel, Castellon, Pamplona, Zaragoza, Tarragona, Huesca, Barcelona, Girona. That's 9 villages. Total 24. 15 + 9 = 24.
To win by holding 18, I need to conquer 3 more enemy villages.
To win by elimination, I need to conquer all 9. That's harder.
Let's look at the easiest targets:
- [19] Pamplona: def 5, garrison 1 spear, 1 knight. March from [14] Burgos: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [12] Madrid: def 13, garrison 2 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight. March from [14] Burgos: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. March from [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. March from [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [18] Castellon: def 18, garrison 5 spear, 2 archer. March from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [13] Teruel: def 18, garrison 3 spear, 1 archer, 3 knight. March from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. March from [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

Let's plan attacks.
I need to gather troops at border villages.
Burgos [14] has 10 troops, available 6 archer, 4 knight. It borders [12] Madrid and [19] Pamplona.
Valencia [16] has 11 troops, available 1 spear, 7 archer, 3 knight. It borders [13] Teruel and [18] Castellon.
Toledo [8] has 4 troops, available 1 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight. It borders [12] Madrid and [13] Teruel.
Salamanca [7] has 1 troop, available 1 knight. It borders [12] Madrid.

Let's calculate attack power.
To attack Pamplona [19] (def 5):
From Burgos [14], I can send 6 archer, 4 knight.
Attack power: Archer attack 2, Knight attack 4.
Most numerous: Archer (6) vs Knight (4). Most numerous is Archer.
Enemy garrison: 1 spear, 1 knight. Most numerous is tie? Spear and Knight. Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So Spearman is most numerous.
My most numerous: Archer. Enemy most numerous: Spearman.
Archer counters spearman! My force is multiplied by 1.5.
My attack power: 6 archers * 2 = 12. 4 knights * 4 = 16. Total 28.
With counter: 28 * 1.5 = 42.
Enemy defense: 1 spear (def 2), 1 knight (def 2). Total 4. Location bonus included in effective defense (5).
Wait, effective defense is 5. So my attack power 42 vs 5. Easy win.
But I need to send troops from Burgos. Can I send all 6 archer and 4 knight? Yes, they are available.
Travel time: 1 fast turn. So they arrive next turn.
Wait, if I send them, Burgos will have 0 troops left. But Burgos is well defended (def 25). It's safe for now.

Let's look at Madrid [12] (def 13):
Garrison: 2 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight.
I can attack from Burgos [14], Toledo [8], Salamanca [7].
If I attack from Burgos: I can send some troops. But I might want to send them to Pamplona instead.
If I attack from Toledo: I have 1 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight.
Attack power: 1 spear (1), 2 archer (4), 1 knight (4). Total 9.
Enemy defense: 13. I will lose.
If I attack from Salamanca: 1 knight (4). Total 4 vs 13. Lose.
I need to reinforce Toledo and Burgos first.
I can send troops from Cordoba [11] to Toledo [8]. Cordoba has 1 spear, 3 archer, 4 knight. Toledo is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns away.
I can send troops from Vigo [10] to Burgos [14]. Vigo has 2 spear, 2 archer. Burgos is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns away.
I can send troops from Valencia [16] to Teruel [13] or Castellon [18].
Let's see what I can build.
Resources:
- Burgos has 130 wood, 150 iron. Cap 300. Troops 10. Can build many knights (30 wood, 30 iron). 150 iron / 30 = 5 knights. 130 wood / 30 = 4 knights. So 4 knights. Or archers (20 wood, 10 iron). 150 iron / 10 = 15 archers. 130 wood / 20 = 6 archers. So 6 archers.
Let's build archers and knights where possible.
- Lisboa: 30 wood, 20 iron. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron - no, not enough iron). Can build 1 archer.
- Santarem: 40 wood, 30 iron. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
- Evora: 40 wood, 30 iron. Can build 1 knight or 2 archers.
- Coimbra: 30 wood, 20 iron. Can build 1 archer.
- Badajoz: 40 wood, 30 iron. Can build 1 knight or 2 archers.
- Faro: 35 wood, 20 iron. Can build 1 archer.
- Porto: 35 wood, 20 iron. Can build 1 archer.
- Salamanca: 40 wood, 60 iron. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) or 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron - not enough wood). So 2 knights or 3 archers. Let's build 2 knights.
- Toledo: 40 wood, 30 iron. Can build 1 knight or 2 archers.
- Vigo: 30 wood, 20 iron. Can build 1 archer.
- Sevilha: 30 wood, 20 iron. Can build 1 archer.
- Cordoba: 30 wood, 30 iron. Can build 1 knight.
- Murcia: 40 wood, 20 iron. Can build 1 archer.
- Valencia: 40 wood, 30 iron. Can build 1 knight or 2 archers.
- Burgos: 130 wood, 150 iron. Can build 4 knights (120 wood, 120 iron) or 6 archers (120 wood, 60 iron). Let's build 4 knights and 1 archer? 4 knights = 120 wood, 120 iron. Remaining 10 wood, 30 iron. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron - not enough wood). So 4 knights. Or 6 archers (120 wood, 60 iron) and 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) = 150 wood, 90 iron. Let's do 6 archers and 1 knight? 6 archers = 120 wood, 60 iron. 1 knight = 30 wood, 30 iron. Total 150 wood, 90 iron. We have 130 wood, so not enough wood for 6 archers and 1 knight. 5 archers = 100 wood, 50 iron. 1 knight = 30 wood, 30 iron. Total 130 wood, 80 iron. This works! 5 archers, 1 knight.
Let's maximize production.
Burgos: 5 archers, 1 knight. Cost: 5*20 + 30 = 130 wood. 5*10 + 30 = 80 iron. We have 130 wood, 150 iron. Perfect.
Valencia: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Let's do 2 archers.
Toledo: 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
Cordoba: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
Santarem: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
Evora: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
Badajoz: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
Salamanca: 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
Lisboa: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
Coimbra: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
Faro: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
Porto: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
Vigo: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
Sevilha: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
Murcia: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).

Let's review the plan.
My campaign plan from last turn was: "Turn 22: Attack Teruel from Valencia/Toledo, push towards Zaragoza from Madrid. Turn 23: Attack Castellon from Valencia, expand north. Build archers and knights in all villages to maintain momentum."
But last turn I attacked Madrid and lost, and conquered Burgos.
Now I have Burgos, which is a great springboard to Madrid and Pamplona.
I should focus on the northern front: Burgos -> Pamplona -> Zaragoza -> Barcelona.
And the eastern front: Valencia -> Teruel -> Castellon -> Tarragona -> Barcelona.
Let's attack Pamplona from Burgos. It's weak (def 5).
Let's attack Teruel from Valencia. It has def 18, garrison 3 spear, 1 archer, 3 knight.
My troops in Valencia: 11 (1 spear, 7 archer, 3 knight). Available to send: 1 spear, 7 archer, 3 knight.
Attack power: 1 spear (1), 7 archer (14), 3 knight (12). Total 27.
Enemy garrison: 3 spear, 1 archer, 3 knight. Most numerous: spear (3) and knight (3). Tie breaks spearman. So spear is most numerous.
My most numerous: archer (7). Archer counters spearman. Multiplier 1.5.
Effective attack: 27 * 1.5 = 40.5 vs def 18. Should win.
But I need to be careful about losses. The winner takes losses against the loser's effective force. Loser's effective force: 3 spear (def 2*1.25? No, defense values are attack 1, defense 2. Wait, combat rules: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs." So defender's defense is used. Spear defense 2, knight defense 2, archer defense 2. Total defense: 3*2 + 1*2 + 3*2 = 14. With location bonus (effective defense 18). So my loss will be proportional to 18. My force is 27. I might lose some troops.
Let's see if I can reinforce Valencia first. Cordoba [11] can send troops to Valencia [16]? No, Cordoba is connected to [15] Murcia, which is connected to [16] Valencia. Or Cordoba to [8] Toledo. Valencia is connected to [13] Teruel, [15] Murcia, [18] Castellon. So Cordoba -> Murcia -> Valencia. That's 2 turns.
I can send troops from Cordoba to Toledo, then Toledo to Teruel? No, Toledo to Teruel is 1 turn. Cordoba to Toledo is 1 turn. So 2 turns total.
Let's just attack Teruel from Valencia now. I have 1 spear, 7 archer, 3 knight. Let's send them all.
Wait, Valencia has 11 troops at home. If I send all, it's undefended. But it's interior, no enemy border? No, "Valencia | BORDER with [13], [18] (enemy)". So it is a border village. If I send all troops, it might be attacked. But the enemy has no troops marching there (none sighted). So it's safe for now.
Let's send 1 spear, 7 archer, 3 knight from Valencia to Teruel [13].
From Burgos [14], let's send 6 archer, 4 knight to Pamplona [19].
From Toledo [8], let's send 1 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight to Madrid [12]? Madrid def 13. My attack: 1 spear (1), 2 archer (4), 1 knight (4) = 9. Not enough. I should reinforce Toledo first.
Let's send troops from Cordoba [11] to Toledo [8]. Cordoba has 1 spear, 3 archer, 4 knight. Let's send 1 spear, 3 archer, 4 knight. Travel time: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So 1 turn.
Wait, Cordoba to Toledo is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So 1 turn.
Let's send them.
Also, from Vigo [10] to Burgos [14]: Vigo has 2 spear, 2 archer. Let's send them to reinforce Burgos after attacking Pamplona. Or send them to Madrid? Vigo to Burgos is 1 turn. Vigo to Madrid is not direct. Vigo -> Porto -> Salamanca -> Madrid? No, Vigo -> Burgos -> Madrid. So 2 turns.
Let's send Vigo's troops to Burgos to hold it.
From Porto [6] to Salamanca [7]: Porto has 1 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight. Salamanca has 1 knight. Let's send them to Salamanca to reinforce it, so it can attack Madrid next turn. Porto to Salamanca is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So 1 turn.
Let's send 1 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight from Porto to Salamanca.
From Salamanca [7], I can send the 1 knight to Madrid? No, wait. If I send Porto's troops to Salamanca, they arrive next turn. Salamanca currently has 1 knight. I can send that 1 knight to Madrid as a distraction or to join the attack. But 1 knight vs 13 def is useless. Better to wait for reinforcements.
Let's look at the build orders.
I want to build troops to replace losses and grow.
Villages with resources:
- Burgos: 130 wood, 150 iron. Build 5 archers, 1 knight.
- Valencia: 40 wood, 30 iron. Build 2 archers.
- Toledo: 40 wood, 30 iron. Build 2 archers.
- Cordoba: 30 wood, 30 iron. Build 1 knight.
- Santarem: 40 wood, 30 iron. Build 1 knight.
- Evora: 40 wood, 30 iron. Build 1 knight.
- Badajoz: 40 wood, 30 iron. Build 1 knight.
- Salamanca: 40 wood, 60 iron. Build 2 knights.
- Lisboa: 30 wood, 20 iron. Build 1 archer.
- Coimbra: 30 wood, 20 iron. Build 1 archer.
- Faro: 35 wood, 20 iron. Build 1 archer.
- Porto: 35 wood, 20 iron. Build 1 archer.
- Vigo: 30 wood, 20 iron. Build 1 archer.
- Sevilha: 30 wood, 20 iron. Build 1 archer.
- Murcia: 40 wood, 20 iron. Build 1 archer.

Let's double check resources and caps.
- Burgos: troops 10/300. Building 6 troops -> 16/300. OK.
- Valencia: troops 11/300. Building 2 troops -> 13/300. OK.
- Toledo: troops 4/300. Building 2 troops -> 6/300. OK.
- Cordoba: troops 8/300. Building 1 troop -> 9/300. OK.
- Santarem: troops 10/300. Building 1 troop -> 11/300. OK.
- Evora: troops 7/300. Building 1 troop -> 8/300. OK.
- Badajoz: troops 3/300. Building 1 troop -> 4/300. OK.
- Salamanca: troops 1/300. Building 2 troops -> 3/300. OK.
- Lisboa: troops 7/300. Building 1 troop -> 8/300. OK.
- Coimbra: troops 9/300. Building 1 troop -> 10/300. OK.
- Faro: troops 15/300. Building 1 troop -> 16/300. OK.
- Porto: troops 6/300. Building 1 troop -> 7/300. OK.
- Vigo: troops 4/300. Building 1 troop -> 5/300. OK.
- Sevilha: troops 2/300. Building 1 troop -> 3/300. OK.
- Murcia: troops 1/300. Building 1 troop -> 2/300. OK.

Let's refine the movements.
1. Attack Pamplona [19] from Burgos [14]. Send 6 archer, 4 knight.
2. Attack Teruel [13] from Valencia [16]. Send 1 spear, 7 archer, 3 knight.
3. Reinforce Toledo [8] from Cordoba [11]. Send 1 spear, 3 archer, 4 knight.
4. Reinforce Burgos [14] from Vigo [10]. Send 2 spear, 2 archer.
5. Reinforce Salamanca [7] from Porto [6]. Send 1 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight.

Wait, if I send all troops from Cordoba, Vigo, Porto, they will have no home defense. But they are interior or far from enemy. Cordoba is interior. Vigo is interior. Porto is interior. It's fine.
Let's check if I have enough troops to send.
Cordoba available: 1 spear, 3 archer, 4 knight. Sending all. OK.
Vigo available: 2 spear, 2 archer, 0 knight. Sending all. OK.
Porto available: 1 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight. Sending all. OK.
Valencia available: 1 spear, 7 archer, 3 knight. Sending all. OK.
Burgos available: 0 spear, 6 archer, 4 knight. Sending all. OK.

Let's check the travel times.
- Burgos to Pamplona: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So 1 turn.
- Valencia to Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So 1 turn.
- Cordoba to Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So 1 turn.
- Vigo to Burgos: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So 1 turn.
- Porto to Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So 1 turn.

All movements take 1 turn. So they will arrive next turn (Turn 23).
The attacks on Pamplona and Teruel will happen next turn (Turn 23).
Wait, if I send troops from Burgos to Pamplona, they leave Burgos. Then Vigo's troops arrive at Burgos. That's perfect timing.
If I send troops from Valencia to Teruel, they leave Valencia. Then Cordoba's troops go to Toledo, not Valencia. So Valencia will be empty. But it's a border village. Is it safe? The enemy has no armies marching there. It should be safe for one turn.
If I send troops from Cordoba to Toledo, Toledo gets reinforced. Then Toledo can attack Madrid next turn.
If I send troops from Porto to Salamanca, Salamanca gets reinforced. Then Salamanca can attack Madrid next turn.

Let's write the plan.
Plan: "Turn 23: Attack Pamplona from Burgos, Teruel from Valencia. Reinforce Toledo from Cordoba, Salamanca from Porto, Burgos from Vigo. Turn 24: Attack Madrid from Toledo/Salamanca/Burgos, Castellon from Valencia. Turn 25: Push towards Zaragoza from Madrid, Tarragona from Castellon. Build archers and knights in all villages to maintain momentum."

Let's write the statement.
Statement: "This turn, I am launching a two-pronged attack. From the north, Burgos sends its full force to crush the weak garrison at Pamplona. From the east, Valencia storms Teruel. Simultaneously, I am reinforcing my border villages: Cordoba to Toledo, Porto to Salamanca, and Vigo to Burgos to hold the front lines. My industry is running at full capacity, building archers and knights everywhere to feed the war machine."

Let's double check the JSON format.
{
  "build": [ {"villageId": <id>, "type": <type>, "quantity": <n>}, ... ],
  "movements": [ {"fromId": <id>, "toId": <id>, "troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}}, ... ],
  "plan": "<plan>",
  "statement": "<statement>"
}

Let's list all build orders.
Burgos: 5 archers, 1 knight.
Valencia: 2 archers.
Toledo: 2 archers.
Cordoba: 1 knight.
Santarem: 1 knight.
Evora: 1 knight.
Badajoz: 1 knight.
Salamanca: 2 knights.
Lisboa: 1 archer.
Coimbra: 1 archer.
Faro: 1 archer.
Porto: 1 archer.
Vigo: 1 archer.
Sevilha: 1 archer.
Murcia: 1 archer.

Wait, I need to check if I have enough resources for all these builds.
- Burgos: 130 wood, 150 iron. 5 archers (100 wood, 50 iron) + 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) = 130 wood, 80 iron. OK.
- Valencia: 40 wood, 30 iron. 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). OK.
- Toledo: 40 wood, 30 iron. 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). OK.
- Cordoba: 30 wood, 30 iron. 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). OK.
- Santarem: 40 wood, 30 iron. 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). OK.
- Evora: 40 wood, 30 iron. 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). OK.
- Badajoz: 40 wood, 30 iron. 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). OK.
- Salamanca: 40 wood, 60 iron. 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Wait, 2 knights cost 60 wood. I only have 40 wood. So I can only build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 1 knight.
- Lisboa: 30 wood, 20 iron. 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). OK.
- Coimbra: 30 wood, 20 iron. 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). OK.
- Faro: 35 wood, 20 iron. 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). OK.
- Porto: 35 wood, 20 iron. 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). OK.
- Vigo: 30 wood, 20 iron. 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). OK.
- Sevilha: 30 wood, 20 iron. 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). OK.
- Murcia: 40 wood, 20 iron. 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). OK.

Let's correct Salamanca: 1 knight.

Let's list movements.
1. {"fromId": 14, "toId": 19, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 6, "knight": 4}}
2. {"fromId": 16, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 7, "knight": 3}}
3. {"fromId": 11, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 3, "knight": 4}}
4. {"fromId": 10, "toId": 14, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 2, "knight": 0}}
5. {"fromId": 6, "toId": 7, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 4, "knight": 1}}

Let's check if I have these troops available.
- Burgos [14]: available 0 spear, 6 archer, 4 knight. Sending 6 archer, 4 knight. OK.
- Valencia [16]: available 1 spear, 7 archer, 3 knight. Sending 1 spear, 7 archer, 3 knight. OK.
- Cordoba [11]: available 1 spear, 3 archer, 4 knight. Sending 1 spear, 3 archer, 4 knight. OK.
- Vigo [10]: available 2 spear, 2 archer, 0 knight. Sending 2 spear, 2 archer. OK.
- Porto [6]: available 1 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight. Sending 1 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight. OK.

Looks solid.

Let's review the plan text.
"Turn 23: Attack Pamplona from Burgos, Teruel from Valencia. Reinforce Toledo from Cordoba, Salamanca from Porto, Burgos from Vigo. Turn 24: Attack Madrid from Toledo/Salamanca/Burgos, Castellon from Valencia. Turn 25: Push towards Zaragoza from Madrid, Tarragona from Castellon. Build archers and knights in all villages to maintain momentum."
This is clear and follows the campaign.

Let's review the statement text.
"This turn, I am launching a two-pronged attack. From the north, Burgos sends its full force to crush the weak garrison at Pamplona. From the east, Valencia storms Teruel. Simultaneously, I am reinforcing my border villages: Cordoba to Toledo, Porto to Salamanca, and Vigo to Burgos to hold the front lines. My industry is running at full capacity, building archers and knights everywhere to feed the war machine."
This is 4 lines, fits the requirement.

Let's format the JSON.
I will use the exact village IDs.
Build orders:
[14, "archer", 5], [14, "knight", 1]
[16, "archer", 2]
[8, "archer", 2]
[11, "knight", 1]
[1, "knight", 1]
[2, "knight", 1]
[4, "knight", 1]
[7, "knight", 1]
[0, "archer", 1]
[3, "archer", 1]
[5, "archer", 1]
[6, "archer", 1]
[10, "archer", 1]
[9, "archer", 1]
[15, "archer", 1]

Wait, I should combine builds per village to make it cleaner, but the format allows multiple entries. I will list them individually.

Let's double check the resources for each village.
- [0] Lisboa: wood 30, iron 20. 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). OK.
- [1] Santarem: wood 40, iron 30. 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). OK.
- [2] Evora: wood 40, iron 30. 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). OK.
- [3] Coimbra: wood 30, iron 20. 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). OK.
- [4] Badajoz: wood 40, iron 30. 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). OK.
- [5] Faro: wood 35, iron 20. 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). OK.
- [6] Porto: wood 35, iron 20. 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). OK.
- [7] Salamanca: wood 40, iron 60. 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). OK.
- [8] Toledo: wood 40, iron 30. 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). OK.
- [9] Sevilha: wood 30, iron 20. 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). OK.
- [10] Vigo: wood 30, iron 20. 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). OK.
- [11] Cordoba: wood 30, iron 30. 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). OK.
- [14] Burgos: wood 130, iron 150. 5 archers (100 wood, 50 iron) + 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) = 130 wood, 80 iron. OK.
- [15] Murcia: wood 40, iron 20. 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). OK.
- [16] Valencia: wood 40, iron 30. 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). OK.

Everything looks correct. I will output the JSON.

ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"arqueiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":14,"destinoId":19,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":6,"cavaleiro":4}},{"origemId":16,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":7,"cavaleiro":3}},{"origemId":11,"destinoId":8,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":4}},{"origemId":10,"destinoId":14,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":6,"destinoId":7,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":4,"cavaleiro":1}}]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [14]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [14]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [14]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [14]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [14]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [14]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [16]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [16]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [8]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [8]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [11]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [1]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [2]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [4]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [7]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [3]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [6]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [10]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [9]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [15]
ACEITO envio [14]->[19]: 6A+4K
ACEITO envio [16]->[13]: 1S+7A+3K
ACEITO envio [11]->[8]: 1S+3A+4K
ACEITO envio [10]->[14]: 2S+2A
ACEITO envio [6]->[7]: 1S+4A+1K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Turn 23: Attack Pamplona from Burgos, Teruel from Valencia. Reinforce Toledo from Cordoba, Salamanca from Porto, Burgos from Vigo. Turn 24: Attack Madrid from Toledo/Salamanca/Burgos, Castellon from Valencia. Turn 25: Push towards Zaragoza from Madrid, Tarragona from Castellon. Build archers and knights in all villages to maintain momentum.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): This turn, I am launching a two-pronged attack. From the north, Burgos sends its full force to crush the weak garrison at Pamplona. From the east, Valencia storms Teruel. Simultaneously, I am reinforcing my border villages: Cordoba to Toledo, Porto to Salamanca, and Vigo to Burgos to hold the front lines. My industry is running at full capacity, building archers and knights everywhere to feed the war machine.
########## TURNO 22 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3124 | resposta 2772 | raciocinio 2772 | finish content_filter | ms 35288
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B in a strategy game. I need to analyze the current state and provide orders in a JSON format.

Current state:
- I hold 9 of 24 villages (need 18 for 75% to win, or eliminate all enemy villages).
- Enemy capital is [0] Lisboa, but taking it is not required to win.
- Enemy is King A.
- Turn 22.

My villages:
- [22] Barcelona (capital): 11/300 troops (6 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knight available to send). Def: 33
- [21] Tarragona: 3/300 (2 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight). Def: 8
- [23] Girona: 9/300 (4 spearman, 0 archer, 5 knight). Def: 23
- [18] Castellon: 7/300 (5 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight). Def: 18. Border with [16] Valencia (enemy).
- [17] Zaragoza: 27/300 (6 spearman, 8 archer, 13 knight). Def: 68. Strong!
- [20] Huesca: 5/300 (3 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight). Def: 13
- [13] Teruel: 7/300 (3 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight). Def: 18. Border with [8], [16].
- [12] Madrid: 5/300 (2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight). Def: 13. Border with [7], [8], [14].
- [19] Pamplona: 2/300 (1 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight). Def: 5. Border with [14] Burgos (enemy).

Enemy villages visible:
- [16] Valencia: 1 spearman, 7 archers, 3 knights. Def: 28. March from [18] Castellon: 1 fast turn.
- [14] Burgos: 6 archers, 4 knights. Def: 25. March from [12] Madrid: 1 fast turn. (I attacked here last turn and conquered? Wait, the log says "King A attacked [14] Burgos: VICTORY, conquered". That means King A conquered Burgos? But the status says "ENEMY (King A)". So King A took it from someone else, or maybe it was neutral? No, the log says King A attacked [14] Burgos and conquered. So it's now King A's.)
- [7] Salamanca: 1 knight. Def: 3. March from [12] Madrid: 1 fast turn.
- [8] Toledo: 1 spearman, 2 archers, 1 knight. Def: 10. March from [13] Teruel: 1 fast turn.

Known from before:
- [15] Murcia: enemy, last seen 1 spearman, 4 archers, 1 knight.
- [11] Cordoba: enemy, 2 spearmen, 7 archers, 2 knights.
- [4] Badajoz: enemy, 6 archers.
- [6] Porto: enemy, 2 archers, 2 knights.
- [10] Vigo: enemy, 8 archers, 6 knights.

Unexplored:
- [3] Coimbra, [9] Sevilha, [5] Faro, [1] Santarem, [0] Lisboa (capital), [2] Evora.

Road network:
My strongholds: Zaragoza [17] is a hub connecting to Madrid [12], Teruel [13], Pamplona [19], Huesca [20], Tarragona [21].
Barcelona [22] connects to Tarragona [21] and Girona [23].
Castellon [18] connects to Teruel [13], Valencia [16], Tarragona [21].

Enemy capital is [0] Lisboa, connected to [1] Santarem and [2] Evora.
[1] Santarem connects to [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz.
[2] Evora connects to [5] Faro.
[3] Coimbra connects to [6] Porto, [7] Salamanca.
[4] Badajoz connects to [5] Faro, [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha.
[5] Faro connects to [9] Sevilha.
[6] Porto connects to [7] Salamanca, [10] Vigo.
[7] Salamanca connects to [12] Madrid.
[8] Toledo connects to [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel.
[9] Sevilha connects to [11] Cordoba.
[10] Vigo connects to [14] Burgos.
[11] Cordoba connects to [15] Murcia.
[14] Burgos connects to [19] Pamplona.
[15] Murcia connects to [16] Valencia.
[16] Valencia connects to [18] Castellon.

Enemy army marching toward [12] Madrid, arrives in 1 turn. I need to defend Madrid or abandon it? Madrid has 5 troops, def 13. The enemy army is marching there. I don't know its size, but it's an enemy army. I should reinforce Madrid or prepare to defend.

Wait, the enemy army marching toward [12] Madrid arrives in 1 turn. That means next turn it will fight my garrison in Madrid. I should send reinforcements to Madrid to help defend it. Or I could retreat? No, defending is better.

Let's look at my available troops and resources.
I need to build troops to increase my army. Each village produces resources.
Villages with high garrisons:
- Zaragoza [17]: 27 troops, 6 spear, 8 archer, 13 knight. Very strong. Can send a lot.
- Barcelona [22]: 11 troops.
- Girona [23]: 9 troops.

I should focus on defending Madrid [12] because an enemy army is arriving. Also, I need to expand to reach 18 villages.
Currently I have 9. I need 9 more.
Enemy villages I can see: Valencia [16], Burgos [14], Salamanca [7], Toledo [8]. That's 4. Plus known: Murcia [15], Cordoba [11], Badajoz [4], Porto [6], Vigo [10]. That's 9. Plus unexplored: Coimbra [3], Sevilha [9], Faro [5], Santarem [1], Lisboa [0], Evora [2]. Total enemy villages = 4 visible + 5 known + 6 unexplored = 15? Wait, total map is 24 villages. I have 9. So enemy has 15. But some might be neutral? The prompt says "eliminate every enemy village" to win, or hold 18. So all non-mine are enemy or neutral. The unexplored ones are likely enemy.

I need to attack and conquer enemy villages.
Targets:
- Salamanca [7]: def 3, 1 knight. Very weak. March from Madrid [12] is 1 fast turn. But Madrid is under attack.
- Toledo [8]: def 10, 1 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight. March from Teruel [13] is 1 fast turn.
- Valencia [16]: def 28, 1 spear, 7 archer, 3 knight. Stronger. March from Castellon [18] is 1 fast turn.
- Burgos [14]: def 25, 6 archer, 4 knight. March from Madrid [12] or Pamplona [19] is 1 fast turn.

I should reinforce Madrid to hold it, then attack Salamanca or Toledo.
But wait, the enemy army is marching toward Madrid. If I send reinforcements from Zaragoza, they will take 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns? The march from Zaragoza to Madrid is "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means 1 turn for fast troops (knights), 1 turn for medium (archers), 1 turn for slow (spearman). So they arrive in 1 turn. The enemy army also arrives in 1 turn. So they will meet at Madrid? The rules say: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". The enemy army is marching toward Madrid. If I send troops to Madrid, they will join the garrison. The enemy army will arrive and fight the garrison. So sending reinforcements now will arrive in 1 turn, same time as the enemy army. So they will defend together.

Wait, the enemy army is "marching toward [12] Madrid, arrives in 1 turn". If I send troops from Zaragoza to Madrid, they also take 1 turn (for fast troops). So they arrive at the same time? The combat happens when the enemy arrives. My reinforcements arrive and join the garrison before the fight? The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." Oh! That's crucial. If I send troops from multiple villages to Madrid, they fight separately. But if I send from one village, they fight as one group. But the garrison in Madrid is already there. The enemy army arrives and fights the garrison. My reinforcements arriving on the same turn: do they fight separately or join the garrison? The rule says "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up... each send fights alone, one at a time." But what about the existing garrison? The garrison is part of the village. The enemy army attacks the village. The village has a garrison. If reinforcements arrive on the same turn, do they fight as part of the garrison or as a separate send? The rule says "each send fights alone, one at a time". So the enemy army will fight the Madrid garrison first, then any arriving sends? Or do they fight in some order? Probably the attacker chooses the order, or they fight sequentially. But the key is: if I send from multiple villages, they don't combine. So I should send from one village to maximize the force that fights together. But the garrison is already there. The enemy army fights the garrison. If my send arrives, it might fight after the garrison or before? The rules don't specify the order of multiple sends arriving. But typically, the defender's garrison fights first, then reinforcements? Or maybe all defender's forces fight together if they are in the village? The rule says "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This implies that if I send from Zaragoza and from Barcelona to Madrid, they fight separately. But the existing garrison is not a "send", it's the village's own troops. So the garrison fights as one force, and each arriving send fights as a separate force. The enemy army is one send. So the enemy army will fight the Madrid garrison. If the Madrid garrison loses, the enemy army takes the village? But the village is mine, so if the garrison is destroyed, the village falls? Actually, in these games, an attack on a village: the attacker's army fights the defender's army (garrison + any reinforcements that have arrived). If the attacker wins, they take the village. If the defender wins, the attacker takes losses and retreats? Or the attacker's army is destroyed? The rules: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER. The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." And "The losing army is destroyed entirely; the winner takes losses and keeps marching." So if the enemy army attacks Madrid, it fights the Madrid garrison. If the garrison wins, the enemy army is destroyed. If the enemy wins, the garrison is destroyed and Madrid falls.

But if I send reinforcements, they arrive on the same turn. Do they fight alongside the garrison or separately? The rule "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up" suggests that even if they arrive at the same time, they are separate forces. So the enemy army would fight the garrison, then if the garrison is destroyed, fight the first arriving send, etc. Or maybe the attacker chooses which force to fight first? Usually, the defender's forces are all considered together unless they are from different sends. But the garrison is not a send. So the garrison + any troops that were already there are one force. Troops sent from other villages are separate forces. So if I send from Zaragoza to Madrid, that send will fight as a separate force after the garrison? Or before? The rules don't specify the order of multiple defender forces. But in many similar games, the defender's forces are combined if they are in the village, but sends from other villages are separate. However, the rule explicitly says "each send fights alone, one at a time." So the enemy army fights the garrison first (since it's the village's own troops), then the arriving sends? Or maybe the arriving sends fight first? I need to assume a reasonable order. Typically, the existing garrison is the first line of defense. So the enemy army fights the garrison. If the garrison is wiped out, the village is captured, and any arriving sends would then be in enemy territory? But the rules say "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So the enemy army stops at Madrid and fights. If it wins, it takes Madrid. My arriving sends would arrive at a village that just fell? That would be bad. So I should not send troops to a village that is about to fall; they would be wasted or captured.

But if the garrison holds
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
COMBATE [12] Madrid: atacante A Fatk=12 (ef 18) Fdef=18 (ef 23) vant=1 -> vence defensor | baixas~7
COMBATE [14] Burgos: atacante A Fatk=40 (ef 40) Fdef=16 (ef 20) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~10
REFORCO [16] Valencia dono A: 3A
REFORCO [8] Toledo dono A: 1S+1A+1K
REFORCO [11] Cordoba dono A: 2A+4K
placar: A 15 ald/tropas 59 | B 9 ald/tropas 76 | neutras 0 | transito 6 (A 6 | B 0)

########## TURNO 23 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3800 | resposta 12823 | raciocinio 12823 | finish content_filter | ms 157450
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: We need to parse the state. The user is King A, currently holding 18 of 24 villages, which is 75%. The win condition: hold at least 18 of 24 villages for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. Currently we hold 18, so we need to hold 18 again next turn to win? Actually "hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns". So if we hold 18 now, and next turn we still hold 18 (or more), we win. However, we need to ensure we don't lose any villages. The enemy might attack some of ours. We need to defend.

We are given the state at turn 23. The enemy's orders are simultaneous, unknown. We need to write our orders.

First, analyze our villages:

We have 18 villages: Lisboa (0), Santarem (1), Evora (2), Coimbra (3), Badajoz (4), Faro (5), Porto (6), Salamanca (7), Toledo (8), Vigo (10), Sevilha (9), Cordoba (11), Teruel (13), Madrid (12), Burgos (14), Valencia (16), Murcia (15), Pamplona (19). Wait, list: [0] Lisboa, [1] Santarem, [2] Evora, [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz, [5] Faro, [6] Porto, [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [10] Vigo, [9] Sevilha, [11] Cordoba, [13] Teruel, [12] Madrid, [14] Burgos, [16] Valencia, [15] Murcia, [19] Pamplona. That's 18.

Enemy villages: [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona (capital), [23] Girona. Total 6 enemy villages. So 18 + 6 = 24.

We currently hold 18. The enemy holds 6. To win by holding 18 for 2 consecutive turns, we need to not lose any. Alternatively, eliminate every enemy village: capture all 6. That might be harder.

The enemy capital is Barcelona, hardest single target, but not required.

We need to decide our moves. The enemy might attack our border villages: Teruel, Madrid, Pamplona, Valencia are border villages. Also maybe others? The report says "BORDER with [17], [18] (enemy)" for Teruel, Madrid borders [17], Pamplona borders [17], [20], Valencia borders [18]. So these are directly adjacent to enemy villages.

We have troops at home in each village. We can build new troops, but resources are per village. We can also send troops to reinforce or attack.

The enemy has not sighted any armies on march, so they might be building or preparing.

We need to consider the simultaneous nature: we write orders based on current snapshot. The enemy will do the same. We cannot react to their moves this turn.

We need to decide on a strategy. The previous plan from last turn (Turn 23 plan) said: "Attack Pamplona from Burgos, Teruel from Valencia. Reinforce Toledo from Cordoba, Salamanca from Porto, Burgos from Vigo. Turn 24: Attack Madrid from Toledo/Salamanca/Burgos, Castellon from Valencia. Turn 25: Push towards Zaragoza from Madrid, Tarragona from Castellon. Build archers and knights in all villages to maintain momentum."

But that plan was written last turn, and we are now at turn 23? Wait, the report says "TURN 23 - You are King A." and "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" includes attacks on Madrid, Pamplona, Teruel, and reinforcements arriving. So the previous turn was turn 22? Actually the report says "TURN 23" and "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" lists those events. So the plan from last turn was executed, and we conquered Madrid, Pamplona, Teruel. So now we hold those. The plan for next turns is to push towards Zaragoza, etc.

But we need to write a new plan for this turn (turn 24? Actually we are at turn 23, so we are writing orders for turn 23? The report says "TURN 23 - You are King A." So we are at the start of turn 23? Or the state is from turn 23, and we are issuing orders for the next turn? Typically in these games, you issue orders for the current turn, and the report shows the state before your orders. The "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" is the results of the previous turn's orders. So we are now at turn 23, and we need to issue orders for turn 23. The plan we wrote last turn was for the campaign over the next several turns. We need to update it.

We need to decide on builds and movements.

First, assess our military situation. We have 141 soldiers at home, distributed. The enemy has garrisons in Zaragoza (6 spearmen, 8 archers, 13 knights, defense 68), Castellon (5 spearmen, 2 archers, defense 18), Huesca (3 spearmen, 2 archers, defense 13), Tarragona (last seen 7 turns ago: 7 spearmen, 2 archers, 8 knights). Barcelona and Girona unknown.

Our border villages have some troops: Teruel (1 spear, 5 arch, 2 knight, defense 20), Madrid (2 spear, 11 arch, 11 knight, defense 60), Pamplona (0 spear, 6 arch, 4 knight, defense 25), Valencia (0 spear, 2 arch, 0 knight, defense 5). Others interior.

We need to defend against enemy attacks. The enemy might attack our border villages. Which ones are most vulnerable? Valencia has only 2 archers, defense 5. Pamplona has defense 25. Teruel defense 20. Madrid defense 60. So Valencia is very weak. If the enemy attacks Valencia, they could take it. We might want to reinforce Valencia from nearby villages. Murcia is nearby (1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn), and has 1 archer, 1 knight. Cordoba is farther. Also Teruel is adjacent to Valencia via road? Road network: [16] Valencia connects to [13] Teruel, [15] Murcia, [18] Castellon. So we could send from Teruel to Valencia, but Teruel is also a border village. Or from Murcia.

We could also build troops in Valencia, but it has only 30 wood, 30 iron, and 2 archers. It can build maybe a few archers or knights? Archer costs 20 wood + 10 iron, so it can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and have 10 wood, 20 iron left. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron, cannot afford. Spearman costs 15 wood, 0 iron, can build 2 (30 wood). But it takes 1 turn to build. So we can build some troops.

But we also need to consider the enemy's possible moves. The enemy might attack our border villages. They might also try to reinforce their own villages. Since we have no sight of enemy armies, we don't know if they are marching. But we can assume they will try to retake lost villages or attack our weak points.

We need to decide on a strategy for this turn. Since we hold 18, if we can hold 18 again next turn, we win. So defense is paramount. We should reinforce our border villages, especially Valencia, to ensure we don't lose any. Also, we might want to attack enemy villages to eliminate them, but that might be secondary if we can win by holding.

However, the enemy might attack multiple villages. We need to distribute our forces.

Let's list all our villages with their available troops and resources, and see what we can send.

We need to consider travel times. The report gives march times from each village to nearest border village, but we need specific march times between villages. The road network gives connections. We can compute distances in terms of turns for each speed. But we don't have exact distances; we have "from here to your nearest border village [x]: a slow / b medium / c fast turns". That gives an idea of distance. For interior villages, they are farther from the border.

We need to send troops to reinforce border villages. We can send from interior villages to border villages. The march times will vary. We need to ensure that reinforcements arrive before the enemy attacks? But since orders are simultaneous, we don't know if the enemy will attack this turn. If we send troops, they will arrive in some number of turns. If the enemy attacks Valencia this turn, our reinforcements might arrive too late if they take more than 1 turn. So we should send troops that can arrive in 1 turn if possible, or rely on the current garrison.

Valencia is connected to Murcia (1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn), Teruel (1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn), Castellon (enemy). So from Murcia or Teruel, we can send troops that arrive in 1 fast turn, or 1 medium, etc. But if we send slow troops (spearman), they take 1 slow turn. The report says "march from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to nearest border? Actually it says "from here to your nearest border village [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Murcia? Let's check: [15] Murcia says "from here to your nearest border village [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So Murcia to Valencia is 1 turn for any speed? Actually it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns", meaning the distance is such that it takes 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast. So it's a 1-turn march regardless of speed. So we can send from Murcia to Valencia and they will arrive next turn (if we send now, they arrive at the end of turn 23? Actually, orders are simultaneous, so if we send from Murcia to Valencia, they will march and arrive after 1 turn, so they will be present for turn 24? The timing: we are at the start of turn 23. We issue orders. The enemy issues orders. Then the turn resolves: movements happen, battles happen, reinforcements arrive. So if we send troops from Murcia to Valencia, they will arrive at Valencia at the end of this turn, so they will be available for defense if the enemy attacks Valencia this turn? Actually, the combat resolution: if the enemy attacks Valencia, they will fight the garrison at Valencia at the start of the turn? The rules: "Armies march along the ROAD NETWORK... An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So if the enemy sends an army to Valencia, they will arrive and fight. The timing: all movements are simultaneous. So if we send reinforcements from Murcia to Valencia, they will be marching. If the enemy also sends an army to Valencia, they might meet on the road? But the enemy would be marching from their village to Valencia. The road from Castellon to Valencia: Castellon [18] connects to [13] Teruel, [16] Valencia, [21] Tarragona. So from Castellon to Valencia is 1 turn? The report says for Castellon: "march from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" meaning from Valencia to Castellon is 1 turn. So Castellon to Valencia is also 1 turn. So if the enemy attacks from Castellon, they will reach Valencia in 1 turn. If we send from Murcia, they will also take 1 turn. Will they meet on the road? The rule: "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there". But if both are heading to the same village, they might not meet on the road if they arrive at the same time? Actually, if both arrive at the same village at the same time, do they fight there? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So if the enemy army arrives at Valencia, they will fight the garrison. If our reinforcements arrive at Valencia at the same time, they would join the garrison? The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." That's for attacking the same target. But for defending, if we send reinforcements to our own village, they "join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So if we send from Murcia to Valencia, they will arrive and join the garrison. If the enemy attacks Valencia, they will fight the garrison including the new reinforcements? The timing: all movements happen simultaneously. So the enemy army leaves Castellon and marches to Valencia. Our army leaves Murcia and marches to Valencia. At the end of the turn, both arrive. The enemy army arrives at Valencia and fights the garrison. Our reinforcements arrive and join the garrison. Do they participate in the battle? The battle would be resolved at the village. The rule: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs." So if the enemy attacks Valencia, the defender is the garrison at Valencia. The garrison includes any troops that were there at the start of the turn plus any reinforcements that arrive? Typically, in these games, reinforcements arrive before the battle? Or after? The rules don't specify the order of resolution. Usually, all movements are simultaneous, and then battles are resolved. If both an attacking army and a reinforcing army arrive at the same turn, the reinforcing army would be present for the defense. But the rule "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." That applies to attacking an enemy village: if you send multiple armies to attack the same enemy village, they fight separately. But for defense, if you send reinforcements to your own village, they merge. So likely, if we send reinforcements to Valencia, they will be added to the garrison before the enemy attack resolves. However, we must be cautious: the enemy might also send reinforcements to their own villages, but we don't see them.

Given the uncertainty, we should reinforce vulnerable villages with troops that can arrive in 1 turn. Valencia is very weak (defense 5). We should send troops from Murcia (1 turn) and maybe from Teruel (1 turn). But Teruel is also a border village; we might want to keep its troops. However, Teruel has 1 spear, 5 arch, 2 knight. We could send some. Madrid is strong (defense 60). Pamplona has defense 25. We might also want to reinforce them.

We also have interior villages that can build troops. We should build troops to replenish and increase our army. The plan says "Build archers and knights in all villages to maintain momentum." But we need to consider resources. Many villages have limited wood and iron. We should build what we can afford.

Let's list each village's resources and what they can build:

[0] Lisboa: wood 40, iron 30. Can build: spearman (15 wood) -> 2 max (30 wood), archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 2 max (40 wood, 20 iron) but wood limits to 2? Actually 40 wood can build 2 archers (40 wood) and 20 iron, so 2 archers. Knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). But we also have troops at home: 8/300. We can build more. We should build archers and knights as per plan. But we need to consider that we might want to send troops from Lisboa to reinforce somewhere. Lisboa is interior, far from border. March to nearest border [13] Teruel: 3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns. So it takes 2 fast turns to reach Teruel. That's too slow for immediate defense. So Lisboa is better for building troops and sending later.

[1] Santarem: wood 40, iron 20. Troops: 11/300. Can build: spearman (15 wood) -> 2, archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 2 (40 wood, 20 iron), knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 0 (not enough iron). So build archers.

[2] Evora: wood 40, iron 20. Troops: 8/300. Can build: spearman 2, archer 2 (40 wood, 20 iron), knight 0.

[3] Coimbra: wood 40, iron 30. Troops: 10/300. Can build: spearman 2, archer 2 (40 wood, 20 iron), knight 1 (30 wood, 30 iron). But wood 40, so if we build knight, we use 30 wood, leaving 10 wood, can't build spearman (needs 15). So we could build 1 knight and 1 archer? Archer needs 20 wood, but only 10 left. So maybe 1 knight and 0 archers, or 2 archers and 0 knight. Or 1 spearman (15) and 1 archer (20) = 35 wood, 10 iron, leaving 5 wood, 20 iron. We need to decide.

[4] Badajoz: wood 40, iron 20. Troops: 4/300. Can build: spearman 2, archer 2 (40 wood, 20 iron), knight 0.

[5] Faro: wood 45, iron 30. Troops: 16/300. Can build: spearman 3 (45 wood), archer 2 (40 wood, 20 iron) but wood 45, so 2 archers (40 wood) + 1 spearman (15) = 55 wood >45. So maybe 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 spearman (15) = 45 wood, 30 iron. Or 3 spearman (45 wood). We need to decide.

[6] Porto: wood 45, iron 30. Troops: 1/300. Can build: spearman 3, archer 2 (40 wood, 20 iron), knight 1 (30 wood, 30 iron). Etc.

[7] Salamanca: wood 40, iron 50. Troops: 8/300. Can build: spearman 2, archer 2 (40 wood, 20 iron), knight 1 (30 wood, 30 iron) but wood 40, so if knight, 30 wood left, can build 2 spearman? 30 wood for 2 spearman, but iron 50, so knight uses 30 iron, leaving 20 iron. So 1 knight + 2 spearman = 30+30=60 wood >40. So not. Maybe 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 1 archer? 20 wood, 10 iron = total 50 wood >40. So only 1 knight (30 wood) leaves 10 wood, can't build archer (20) or spearman (15). So 1 knight or 2 archers (40 wood) or 2 spearman (30 wood) + something? Actually 2 spearman (30 wood) leaves 10 wood, can't build more. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 35 wood, 10 iron. So many options.

[8] Toledo: wood 30, iron 30. Troops: 14/300. Can build: spearman 2 (30 wood), archer 1 (20 wood, 10 iron) + maybe spearman? 1 archer (20) + 1 spearman (15) = 35 wood >30. So 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaves 10 wood, 20 iron. Or 2 spearman (30 wood). Or 1 knight? 30 wood, 30 iron -> exactly 1 knight. So can build 1 knight.

[10] Vigo: wood 40, iron 30. Troops: 1/300. Can build: spearman 2, archer 2 (40 wood, 20 iron), knight 1 (30 wood, 30 iron).

[9] Sevilha: wood 40, iron 30. Troops: 3/300. Can build: spearman 2, archer 2, knight 1.

[11] Cordoba: wood 30, iron 20. Troops: 1/300. Can build: spearman 2 (30 wood), archer 1 (20 wood, 10 iron), knight 0 (needs 30 iron).

[13] Teruel: wood 150, iron 100. Troops: 8/300. Can build a lot. But it's a border village. We might want to build troops there to defend or attack. It has 1 spear, 5 arch, 2 knight. We can build more. Resources: 150 wood, 100 iron. Cap 300 troops, currently 8. So we can build many. But we need to consider that building takes 1 turn, and the troops are available next turn. If we build in Teruel, they will be available for defense next turn. That's good.

[12] Madrid: wood 190, iron 120. Troops: 24/300. Can build many. Defense 60 already strong.

[14] Burgos: wood 30, iron 90. Troops: 10/300. Can build: spearman 2 (30 wood), archer 1 (20 wood, 10 iron) but wood 30, so 1 archer (20) + 1 spearman (15) = 35 >30. So 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaves 10 wood, 80 iron. Or 2 spearman (30 wood). Or knight? 30 wood, 30 iron -> 1 knight, but wood 30, so exactly 1 knight uses all wood, leaves 60 iron. So can build 1 knight.

[16] Valencia: wood 30, iron 30. Troops: 2/300. Can build: spearman 2 (30 wood), archer 1 (20 wood, 10 iron), knight 1 (30 wood, 30 iron). Since it's weak, we should build something. But we also might want to send troops from elsewhere.

[15] Murcia: wood 50, iron 30. Troops: 2/300. Can build: spearman 3 (45 wood), archer 2 (40 wood, 20 iron), knight 1 (30 wood, 30 iron). Etc.

[19] Pamplona: wood 160, iron 100. Troops: 10/300. Can build many.

Now, we need to decide on movements. The enemy has villages: Zaragoza, Castellon, Huesca, Tarragona, Barcelona, Girona. We have border villages: Teruel (borders Zaragoza and Castellon), Madrid (borders Zaragoza), Pamplona (borders Zaragoza and Huesca), Valencia (borders Castellon). So we can attack those enemy villages from our border villages.

The previous plan was to attack Zaragoza from Madrid, Tarragona from Castellon, etc. But we need to consider the enemy's strength. Zaragoza has defense 68, with 6 spearmen, 8 archers, 13 knights. That's a strong garrison. Madrid has attack power 68 if all sent, but that's 2 spear, 11 arch, 11 knight. The attack power is calculated as sum of attack values? Spearman attack 1, archer 2, knight 4. So 2*1 + 11*2 + 11*4 = 2 + 22 + 44 = 68. So Madrid's full force has attack 68. Against defense 68, it might be a tie, which favors defender. So we might need more. We could send from other villages too. But the rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if we send from multiple villages to attack the same enemy village, they fight sequentially. That means the first wave might be defeated, then the second wave faces the remaining garrison? Actually, the rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So if we send multiple armies to the same enemy village, they will each fight the garrison. But the garrison might be reinforced by the enemy between waves? No, because all actions are simultaneous. The enemy might also send reinforcements. But if we send multiple armies, they arrive at different times? They might arrive on different turns depending on distance. If they arrive on the same turn, they fight one at a time. The first army attacks, then the second army attacks the same village (which now has the same garrison? Or has the garrison been reduced by the first battle? The rules don't specify if the garrison is updated between waves. Typically, in these games, all attacks on the same village in the same turn are resolved as if they happen simultaneously? But the rule says "each send fights alone, one at a time." That implies sequential resolution. So the first send fights the original garrison; if it wins, it takes losses and the village is captured? Actually, capturing a village: if you win the battle, you capture the village. But if multiple armies attack, the first one might capture it, and then the second one would be attacking a village that is now yours? But they are sent to an enemy village; if it's captured, it becomes yours, so the second army would be marching to your own village and would join as reinforcements. That could be a strategy: send a strong army to capture, and then send follow-up armies to reinforce.

But we need to be careful: the enemy might also send reinforcements to their villages. Since we don't know their orders, we have to guess.

Given that we hold 18, we might just try to defend and hold for another turn to win. But the enemy might attack and take one of our villages. If we lose even one, we drop to 17, and then we need to hold 18 again later. So we must defend well.

Which villages are most likely to be attacked? The enemy will probably try to retake some of our border villages, especially if they have weak garrisons. Valencia is very weak (2 archers, defense 5). Pamplona has defense 25. Teruel defense 20. Madrid defense 60. So Valencia is the most attractive target. Also, the enemy might attack from Castellon to Valencia, or from Zaragoza to Teruel or Madrid or Pamplona. Zaragoza has a large garrison (68 defense). They could send troops from there to attack. But they might also have troops in other villages.

We need to reinforce Valencia. We can send from Murcia (1 turn) and from Teruel (1 turn). But Teruel is also a border; if we send from Teruel, we weaken its defense. Maybe we can send from both Murcia and Teruel to Valencia, and also build in Valencia.

Let's consider sending from Murcia: it has 1 archer, 1 knight (attack power 6). If we send them, they arrive in 1 turn. That would add 2 troops to Valencia, making it 4 archers? Actually, Valencia has 2 archers, 0 knights. Adding 1 archer and 1 knight gives 3 archers, 1 knight. Defense would be: archer defense 2, knight defense 2. Effective defense in a village: defense counts x1.25. So base defense: 3*2 + 1*2 = 8, times 1.25 = 10. Still low. Better to send more. We could also send from Teruel: it has 1 spear, 5 arch, 2 knight. If we send some, we can increase Valencia's defense significantly. But Teruel's own defense would drop. Teruel is bordered by Zaragoza and Castellon. If we weaken Teruel, the enemy might attack it instead. So we need to balance.

Maybe we should send from Teruel to Valencia a small group, and also build in Valencia. Also, we can send from Murcia. And we can build in Teruel to replenish.

Another option: send from Cordoba? Cordoba to Valencia: road network: [11] Cordoba connects to [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia. So Cordoba to Murcia to Valencia. That would take 2 turns? Actually, Cordoba to Murcia: we need distance. The report says for Cordoba: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". That's to Teruel. To Valencia, it might be similar or longer. So not immediate.

We could also send from Madrid to Valencia? Madrid to Valencia: road: [12] Madrid connects to [7], [8], [14], [17]. Not directly to Valencia. Madrid to Teruel to Valencia. That's 2 turns. So not immediate.

So the best immediate reinforcements for Valencia are from Murcia and Teruel.

What about Pamplona? It has defense 25. It borders Zaragoza and Huesca. It might be attacked. We could send from Burgos? Burgos to Pamplona: [14] Burgos connects to [10], [12], [19] Pamplona. So Burgos to Pamplona is 1 turn? The report says for Burgos: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That's to Madrid. To Pamplona, it's also a border? Actually, Burgos connects to [19] Pamplona, which is a border village. So distance might be similar. We need to check: [14] Burgos: roads to [10] Vigo, [12] Madrid, [19] Pamplona. So Burgos to Pamplona is directly connected. The report doesn't give the march time from Burgos to Pamplona, but we can infer from the "nearest border village" for Burgos: it says nearest border village is [12] Madrid, with 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns. That suggests Burgos to Madrid is 1 turn. Burgos to Pamplona might also be 1 turn, since Pamplona is also a border village. So we could send from Burgos to Pamplona in 1 turn.

Similarly, we could send from other interior villages to reinforce.

But we also need to consider that the enemy might not attack if they are weak. The enemy's visible garrisons: Zaragoza 68 defense, Castellon 18, Huesca 13. Tarragona last seen 7 turns ago: 7 spearmen, 2 archers, 8 knights (defense? We can calculate: spear defense 2, archer 2, knight 2. In a village, defense x1.25. But the report gave effective defense for others, so we can estimate: 7*2 + 2*2 + 8*2 = 14+4+16=24, times 1.25 = 30. So Tarragona might have defense around 30. But it's last seen, could have changed.

Barcelona and Girona unknown.

The enemy might be building up. They might have troops marching from interior to border. But we don't see any armies on march from our watchmen.

Given the simultaneous nature, we should assume the enemy will attack our weakest village, Valencia. So we must defend it. We can send reinforcements from Murcia and Teruel, and build in Valencia. Also, we might want to send a larger force from somewhere to Valencia to ensure it holds. But we need to be careful not to overextend.

Let's think about the battle mechanics. If the enemy attacks Valencia with, say, a force from Castellon. Castellon has 5 spearmen, 2 archers (defense 18). They might send some or all. If they send all, attack power: spear 1, archer 2 -> 5*1 + 2*2 = 9. Against Valencia's defense: currently 2 archers, defense 2 each, total 4, times 1.25 = 5. So enemy attack 9 vs defense 5, enemy wins easily. So we need to increase defense. If we add reinforcements, say we send from Murcia: 1 archer, 1 knight. Then Valencia has 3 archers, 1 knight. Defense: 3*2 + 1*2 = 8, times 1.25 = 10. Enemy attack 9 vs 10, we win? Actually, tie favors defender, but 9 vs 10 is win for defender. So we would win, but with losses. If we send more, we can be safer.

If we send from Teruel: 1 spear, 5 arch, 2 knight. That's a lot. But if we send all, Teruel becomes empty, and then the enemy could attack Teruel and take it easily. So we should not empty Teruel. We could send a portion. But the rules: we can send any number of troops from a village, up to what's available. We can send, say, 1 spear, 2 arch, 1 knight from Teruel to Valencia. That would give Valencia more defense. But we need to decide how many.

Also, we can build in Valencia. Valencia has 30 wood, 30 iron. It can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Building takes 1 turn, so the new troops will be available next turn? Actually, if we order a build this turn, the troops are ready in 1 turn, meaning they will be available at the end of this turn? The rule: "spearman: costs 15 wood + 0 iron, ready in 1 turn." So if we order a build now, they will be ready for next turn's actions? Or for this turn's battles? Typically, "ready in 1 turn" means they are available at the start of the next turn. So if we build in Valencia now, they will not be available for defense this turn if the enemy attacks this turn. So building might not help immediate defense. However, if the enemy does not attack this turn, they will be there next turn. Since we don't know, we might want to build anyway for future.

But we could also send troops that take 1 turn to arrive, so they will be there at the end of this turn, which is the same time as a potential attack. As discussed, if both arrive and attack happen simultaneously, the reinforcements likely join the garrison before the battle. So sending from a 1-turn-away village is timely.

So we should send reinforcements from Murcia and Teruel to Valencia. Also, we might send from Burgos to Pamplona? Or from other places.

Let's list all border villages and their current defense, and possible enemy attacks:

- Valencia (defense 5): adjacent to Castellon (enemy). Enemy can attack from Castellon. Also from Zaragoza via Teruel? No, Zaragoza to Teruel to Valencia, but they would have to go through Teruel, which is ours, so they would stop at Teruel. So direct attack only from Castellon.
- Teruel (defense 20): adjacent to Zaragoza and Castellon. Enemy can attack from either.
- Madrid (defense 60): adjacent to Zaragoza. Enemy can attack from Zaragoza.
- Pamplona (defense 25): adjacent to Zaragoza and Huesca. Enemy can attack from either.

So the enemy has multiple fronts. They might attack multiple villages. We need to defend all.

We have a limited number of troops. We need to allocate them wisely.

Let's consider the total troops we have at home: 141. We can also build new ones. We want to keep a reserve in the interior to respond to threats, but since movement takes turns, we need to pre-commit.

One strategy: since we only need to hold 18 for one more turn to win, we could just try to defend our current villages by reinforcing the weak ones. If we can hold, we win. If we lose one, we then need to retake it later. But retaking might be hard if the enemy fortifies.

So let's focus on reinforcing Valencia, Pamplona, and maybe Teruel. Madrid is strong enough on its own (defense 60). The enemy from Zaragoza might attack Madrid, but with 60 defense, it's very hard. Zaragoza's attack power if they send all: 6 spear (6), 8 arch (16), 13 knight (52) = total 74. So 74 attack vs 60 defense. In a village, defense x1.25? Wait, the effective defense given already includes location bonus. For Madrid, effective defense is 60. So the enemy's attack 74 vs 60, enemy wins. But they would take losses. And Madrid has 24 troops, so it's not trivial. But it's possible. So we might want to reinforce Madrid too.

But Madrid is already strong. We could send from interior to Madrid. Salamanca to Madrid is 1 turn? [7] Salamanca connects to [12] Madrid. The report says for Salamanca: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So 1 turn. So we can send from Salamanca to Madrid quickly. Burgos to Madrid is also 1 turn. Toledo to Madrid: [8] Toledo connects to [12] Madrid? Actually, Toledo connects to [4], [11], [12], [13]. So Toledo to Madrid is 1 turn? The report for Toledo: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That's to Teruel. To Madrid, it might be similar. So we can send from Toledo to Madrid in 1 turn.

So we have many options.

We need to decide on specific orders. Let's try to formulate a plan.

Plan for this turn (turn 23): Reinforce all border villages to ensure they can withstand enemy attacks. Build troops in interior villages to prepare for future offensives. Possibly attack enemy villages if we have overwhelming force, but that might be risky because we could lose troops.

Since we only need to hold 18 for 2 consecutive turns, and we currently hold 18, if we can just defend successfully this turn, we win at the end of this turn? The win condition: "hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns". So if we held 18 on turn 22 (after last turn's conquests), and we hold 18 on turn 23, then we win. So we just need to not lose any village this turn. So defense is the priority.

Therefore, we should send reinforcements to all vulnerable border villages to ensure they are not lost. We should also build in those villages to increase their defense for future turns.

But we must be careful: the enemy might attack a village we didn't reinforce. We need to guess where they will attack. They have three possible sources: Zaragoza, Castellon, Huesca, Tarragona. They might also have troops in Barcelona or Girona, but we don't know.

Zaragoza is the largest enemy base. It can attack Madrid, Teruel, Pamplona. Castellon can attack Teruel, Valencia. Huesca can attack Pamplona. Tarragona can attack? Tarragona connects to [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [22] Barcelona. So it can attack Zaragoza? No, it's enemy. It can attack our villages? It borders [17] Zaragoza (enemy), [18] Castellon (enemy), [22] Barcelona (enemy). So Tarragona does not directly border any of our villages. So Tarragona cannot attack us directly unless it moves through enemy territory? But armies can only march along roads, and they stop at the first non-allied village. If Tarragona sends troops, they would have to go through Zaragoza or Castellon, which are enemy, so they would stop there? Actually, if they march from Tarragona to Zaragoza, Zaragoza is enemy, so they would fight there? But they are both enemy, so they would fight each other? That doesn't make sense. The enemy is King B, so all enemy villages are allied to each other. So an army from Tarragona marching to Zaragoza would be marching to an allied village, so they would join the garrison? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So if the army is from Tarragona (enemy), and it marches to Zaragoza (also enemy), Zaragoza is "not yours" from the perspective of the army? Actually, the army belongs to King B. For King B, Zaragoza is his own village. So the rule "not yours" means not belonging to the army's owner. So for an enemy army, enemy villages are "yours". So they would not stop at an enemy village; they would pass through? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So if the army is King B's, "yours" means King B's villages. So they stop at the first village that is not King B's, i.e., neutral or our villages. So they can march through their own villages without stopping. So Tarragona could send troops to Zaragoza, and then from Zaragoza to our villages. But that would take multiple turns. So Tarragona is not an immediate threat this turn unless they were already marching. But we see no enemy armies on march.

So the immediate threats are from Zaragoza, Castellon, Huesca. They can attack our border villages in 1 turn.

So we need to defend Valencia (from Castellon), Teruel (from Zaragoza or Castellon), Madrid (from Zaragoza), Pamplona (from Zaragoza or Huesca).

Let's estimate the enemy's possible attack forces. They might not send all troops, because they need to defend other villages and maybe build. But we should assume they could send significant forces.

For Valencia: Castellon has 5 spear, 2 arch. Attack power if all sent: 5*1 + 2*2 = 9. If they send only some, less. So we need defense > 9 to be safe. Currently defense 5. We need to increase by at least 5 (to 10) to have a chance. But if we have exactly 10, we win but take losses. Better to have higher.

For Teruel: Zaragoza could attack from there. Zaragoza has 6 spear, 8 arch, 13 knight. Attack power: 6 + 16 + 52 = 74. Teruel defense 20. So they would crush it. But would they send all? Maybe. If they send all, Teruel falls. But they might also split forces. We need to reinforce Teruel to have defense > 74? That's a lot. We could send troops from interior to Teruel. But Teruel is 1 turn from many interior villages. We could send from Toledo, Murcia, etc. But we need to gather a large force. However, if the enemy sends 74 attack, we need effective defense > 74. In a village, defense is x1.25, so base defense needed = 74/1.25 = 59.2. So we need about 60 base defense. Currently Teruel has 1 spear (def 2), 5 arch (def 2 each), 2 knight (def 2 each) = total base defense 16, effective 20. So we need +44 base defense, which is 22 archers or 22 knights or combination. That's a lot of troops. We don't have that many to send in one turn from nearby. Madrid is nearby but it's a village itself. We could send from Madrid to Teruel? Madrid to Teruel: [12] Madrid connects to [13] Teruel? Road: [12] Madrid: [7], [8], [14], [17]. [13] Teruel: [8], [16], [17], [18]. So Madrid and Teruel are not directly connected. They connect via [17] Zaragoza (enemy) or [8] Toledo. So Madrid to Teruel would go through Zaragoza? That's enemy territory, so they would stop at Zaragoza. So we cannot send from Madrid to Teruel directly without fighting Zaragoza. So the only ways to reinforce Teruel are from Toledo (1 turn), from Valencia (1 turn), from Murcia? Murcia to Teruel: [15] Murcia to [16] Valencia to [13] Teruel, that's 2 turns. Or from Cordoba to Toledo to Teruel, 2 turns. So the only 1-turn reinforcement for Teruel is from Toledo. Toledo has 2 spear, 7 arch, 5 knight. Attack power 36, but defense? If we send them to Teruel, they would add defense. Toledo's troops: spear def 2, arch def 2, knight def 2. So base defense = 14, effective 17.5. If we send all from Toledo to Teruel, Teruel's base defense becomes 16 + 14 = 30, effective 37.5. Still less than 74. So Teruel would still fall if Zaragoza sends all. But maybe Zaragoza won't send all because they need to defend other villages. Also, if they send all, they leave Zaragoza empty, and we could attack Zaragoza from Madrid or Teruel? But that would be next turn.

This is complex. We need to think about the enemy's likely strategy. The enemy is King B. They have 6 villages. They might try to hold what they have. They might attack to retake lost villages. They lost Madrid, Pamplona, Teruel last turn. So they probably want to retake them. They have Zaragoza as a major base. They might send armies from Zaragoza to attack Madrid, Teruel, Pamplona. From Castellon to attack Teruel or Valencia. From Huesca to attack Pamplona.

Given the strength of Madrid (defense 60), attacking Madrid is hard. Teruel (20) and Pamplona (25) are easier. Valencia (5) is easiest. So the enemy might attack Valencia and maybe Teruel or Pamplona.

We need to defend Valencia at all costs. If we lose Valencia, we drop to 17, and then we need to retake it. But if we can hold Valencia, we might hold all.

Let's consider sending a large force to Valencia from multiple villages. But only Murcia and Teruel are 1 turn away. We could also send from Castellon? No, that's enemy. So we can send from Murcia and Teruel. We can also build in Valencia, but that won't help this turn. We can also send from Toledo to Teruel, and then from Teruel to Valencia? That would take 2 turns. Not in time.

So for immediate defense (this turn), we can only send from Murcia and Teruel to Valencia. Also, we can send from Burgos to Pamplona? Burgos to Pamplona is 1 turn. And from Salamanca to Madrid? 1 turn. And from Toledo to Teruel? 1 turn. And from Vigo to Burgos? etc.

We need to decide how many troops to send from each. We want to maximize defense while keeping our own villages strong enough to not be captured if attacked.

Let's list the troops we have available in each village, and we can decide to send some.

First, let's calculate the effective defense of each village if we send troops away, to see if they become vulnerable.

We'll consider the enemy's possible attack from each direction.

For Valencia:
- Current: 2 archers. Base def 4, eff 5.
- From Murcia: 1 archer, 1 knight. Base def +4 (2+2), eff +5. Total base 8, eff 10.
- From Teruel: we can send some. Teruel has 1 spear, 5 arch, 2 knight. If we send, say, 1 spear, 2 arch, 1 knight: base def +6 (2+4+2? Actually spear def 2, arch 2 each, knight 2. So 1 spear (2) + 2 arch (4) + 1 knight (2) = 8 base def. Effective +10. Then Valencia base def 8+8=16, eff 20. That's better.
But if we send that from Teruel, Teruel's remaining: 0 spear, 3 arch, 1 knight. Base def: 3*2 + 2 = 8, eff 10. Teruel becomes vulnerable: defense 10. If enemy attacks Teruel from Castellon (5 spear, 2 arch, attack 9) or Zaragoza (attack up to 74), it could fall. But if we send too much from Teruel, we risk losing Teruel. So we need to balance.

Maybe we should send from Teruel a small amount, and also send from Toledo to Teruel to reinforce it. But Toledo to Teruel is 1 turn, so they would arrive at the same time? If we send from Toledo to Teruel, they will arrive at Teruel at the end of this turn. If the enemy attacks Teruel this turn, the reinforcements from Toledo would arrive and join the garrison before the battle? As discussed, likely yes. So we can send from Toledo to Teruel, and from Teruel to Valencia, and the net effect might be that Teruel is reinforced by Toledo while sending some to Valencia. That could work.

Similarly, we can send from Salamanca to Madrid, and from Madrid to somewhere? But Madrid is already strong.

Let's think about the overall troop movement. We want to shift troops from interior to border, and from strong border to weak border.

We have interior villages with few troops: Porto (1 arch), Vigo (1 arch), Sevilha (3 arch), Cordoba (1 knight), etc. They are far from the eastern border. They could march towards the border, but it would take many turns. For this turn, we can start moving them, but they won't arrive in time for this turn's defense. So we can order them to march towards a staging area, like Madrid or Toledo, to arrive in a few turns.

But for this turn's immediate defense, we should focus on 1-turn moves.

Let's list all 1-turn moves possible from our villages to border villages:

From interior to border:
- Salamanca to Madrid (1 turn)
- Burgos to Madrid (1 turn)
- Burgos to Pamplona (1 turn)
- Toledo to Madrid (1 turn)
- Toledo to Teruel (1 turn)
- Toledo to Valencia? Toledo to Valencia: [8] to [11]? No, Toledo connects to [4], [11], [12], [13]. Not directly to Valencia. So Toledo to Valencia would go through Cordoba? That's longer.
- Murcia to Valencia (1 turn)
- Teruel to Valencia (1 turn)
- Teruel to Madrid? Not directly.
- Madrid to Teruel? Not directly.
- Pamplona to Huesca? That's enemy, so attack.
- Pamplona to Zaragoza? Attack.
- Valencia to Castellon? Attack.
- etc.

So the key 1-turn reinforcements for border villages:
- Madrid can be reinforced from Salamanca, Burgos, Toledo.
- Teruel can be reinforced from Toledo, Valencia? Valencia is border, but we might want to send from Valencia to Teruel? That would weaken Valencia. Probably not.
- Pamplona can be reinforced from Burgos.
- Valencia can be reinforced from Murcia, Teruel.

Also, we can reinforce interior villages from other interior villages, but they are not immediate threats.

Now, we need to decide on builds. Building takes 1 turn, so the troops will be available next turn. If we are trying to hold this turn, building doesn't help this turn's battles. But it helps for next turn if we need to retake something, or if we want to have a strong base. Since we might win this turn if we hold, building might be irrelevant for the win condition, but we should still build to maintain momentum for future turns if we don't win? Actually, if we hold 18 this turn, we win. So we don't need future turns. But we might not know if we will hold. So building is still good.

However, resources are limited. We should build troops where they can be used quickly. Since our interior villages are far, building there might take time to reach the front. Better to build in border villages so they are immediately available next turn. But border villages might have limited resources. For example, Valencia has 30 wood, 30 iron. It can build 1 knight or 2 spear or 1 archer. If we build in Valencia, those troops will be there next turn. If we lose Valencia this turn, building there is wasted. So we might want to build in villages that we are confident will hold.

Given the uncertainty, we should probably build in a mix: some in border villages, some in interior.

Now, let's try to formulate a specific set of orders.

We need to output JSON with "build", "movements", "plan", "statement".

First, let's decide on the plan text. The plan should describe our campaign over the next several turns. Since we might win this turn if we hold, the plan could be to defend and hold our current territory to secure victory. But we also might want to attack to eliminate enemy villages as an alternative win condition. However, holding 18 is easier.

So plan: "Hold the line this turn by reinforcing all border villages, especially Valencia. Build troops in border villages to prepare for future attacks. If we hold 18, we win. If we lose any, retake and push towards enemy capital."

Now, for movements and builds, we need to be specific.

Let's consider the enemy's likely moves and design our orders to counter them. Since we don't know their moves, we should try to make our villages as defensible as possible.

A good strategy might be to send all available troops from interior villages to the border, except leaving a minimal garrison to prevent capture? But interior villages are not directly threatened because they are not adjacent to enemy. However, if we empty them, they could be captured if the enemy marches there, but the enemy would have to go through our border villages first. So it's safe to send most troops from interior to border.

But we need to consider that troops sent from interior take time to reach the border. For this turn's defense, only 1-turn moves matter. So we should send from interior villages that are 1 turn from the border: Salamanca, Burgos, Toledo, Murcia. Also, we can send from other interior villages to these staging areas, but that takes multiple turns. For this turn, we can order those multi-turn moves to start, but they won't arrive in time. So we can include them as movements to be executed over the next turns.

The report says we have no armies on march currently. So we can send armies now.

Let's list the troops we can send from each village to reinforce border villages, and how many.

We want to maximize the defense of Valencia, Pamplona, Teruel, Madrid.

Let's assign reinforcements:

For Valencia (we want to increase defense to at least 20 to withstand a moderate attack). Current eff def 5. We can send from Murcia: all troops (1 arch, 1 knight) -> +5 eff, total 10. From Teruel: we can send some. Teruel has 1 spear, 5 arch, 2 knight. If we send, say, 1 spear, 3 arch, 1 knight: that's base def 2+6+2=10, eff +12.5? Actually effective defense is base * 1.25. So adding base def 10 gives eff +12.5, rounded? The report gives effective defense as integers. We'll calculate. If we send that, Teruel left with 0 spear, 2 arch, 1 knight: base def 4+2=6, eff 7.5 -> 8? That's too weak. So we shouldn't send that many from Teruel. Maybe send only 1 arch, 1 knight from Teruel: base def +4 (2+2), eff +5. Then Teruel left with 1 spear, 4 arch, 1 knight: base def 2+8+2=12, eff 15. Still okay. Valencia then gets +5, total eff 10. Still only 10. Not great.

What if we send from Teruel to Valencia: 1 spear, 2 arch, 0 knight? Base def +6, eff +7.5. Teruel left: 0 spear, 3 arch, 2 knight: base def 6+4=10, eff 12.5. Valencia eff 5+7.5=12.5. Better.

But we can also send from Toledo to Teruel to replenish. Toledo has 2 spear, 7 arch, 5 knight. We can send some to Teruel. If we send, say, 1 spear, 2 arch, 1 knight from Toledo to Teruel, that adds base def 2+4+2=8, eff +10. Then Teruel's eff becomes 12.5+10=22.5, which is decent. And Valencia gets the sent troops, eff 12.5. So net: Valencia 12.5, Teruel 22.5. That's a good defense for both.

But we also need to consider Madrid and Pamplona.

Madrid currently eff 60. It might be attacked from Zaragoza. If Zaragoza sends all (attack 74), Madrid's eff 60 is less than 74, so Madrid would fall. But would Zaragoza send all? They might not want to leave Zaragoza empty. Also, we can reinforce Madrid from Salamanca, Burgos, Toledo. If we send from Salamanca (1 spear, 4 arch, 3 knight) to Madrid: attack power? For defense, we care about defense values. Salamanca's troops: spear def 2, arch def 2, knight def 2. So base def = 1*2 + 4*2 + 3*2 = 2+8+6=16, eff +20. So Madrid's eff would become 80, which is >74. So if we send all from Salamanca to Madrid, Madrid becomes very strong. But Salamanca would be left with 0? Salamanca currently has 8 troops: 1 spear, 4 arch, 3 knight. If we send all, it becomes empty. But Salamanca is interior, not directly threatened. So it's okay.

Similarly, Burgos has 2 spear, 7 arch, 1 knight. Base def = 4+14+2=20, eff +25. If we send all from Burgos to Madrid, Madrid eff becomes 85. Or we could send from Burgos to Pamplona.

Pamplona currently eff 25. It can be attacked from Zaragoza or Huesca. Huesca has 3 spear, 2 arch, attack power 3+4=7. So Huesca is not a big threat. Zaragoza is the main threat. If Zaragoza attacks Pamplona with all, attack 74. Pamplona eff 25 is too low. We need to reinforce Pamplona. We can send from Burgos (1 turn) or from other places? Burgos to Pamplona is 1 turn. Also, we could send from Vigo to Burgos to Pamplona? That's 2 turns. So Burgos is the best source. If we send all from Burgos to Pamplona, Pamplona eff becomes 25+25=50, still less than 74. So Pamplona would still fall to a full Zaragoza attack. But maybe Zaragoza won't send all. They might split between Madrid, Teruel, Pamplona. If they attack multiple, they can't send 74 to each.

We need to consider that the enemy has limited troops. Zaragoza has 27 troops total (6+8+13). They can send at most 27. But they might also have reinforcements from other villages. However, we don't know.

Given the difficulty of defending against a full Zaragoza assault, we might want to attack Zaragoza first to reduce their strength. But attacking Zaragoza requires gathering a large force. Madrid has 24 troops (attack 68). If we send all from Madrid to attack Zaragoza, they would fight the garrison (68 defense). Attack 68 vs defense 68, tie favors defender, so we would lose. We need more. We could send from Salamanca, Toledo, etc. to Madrid, and then from Madrid to Zaragoza. But they would fight sequentially? If we send multiple armies to Zaragoza, they fight one at a time. The first army attacks, then the second, etc. So we could wear down the garrison. But the enemy might also send reinforcements to Zaragoza.

This is getting complicated. Perhaps the simpler strategy is to hold and hope the enemy doesn't attack with full force. Since the enemy is AI, they might have a scripted behavior. In many of these games, the enemy tends to attack the weakest village. So Valencia is the most likely target. We should focus
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
########## TURNO 23 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3773 | resposta 28510 | raciocinio 25135 | finish stop | ms 297610
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 17, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 5}},\n    {\"fromId\": 17, \"toId\": 19, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 5}},\n    {\"fromId\": 23, \"toId\": 20, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 3}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"We attack Teruel and Pamplona with knights from Zaragoza to conquer them and remove threats to Castellon and Huesca. We send knights from Girona to reinforce Huesca. We build knights in all villages to rebuild our forces. We do not attack Valencia yet to keep Castellon's defense.\",\n  \"statement\": \"Our knights strike from Zaragoza to take Teruel and Pamplona, while Huesca gets reinforcements. Our villages bustle with building as we grow our might.\"\n}"
raciocinio: We need to produce a JSON object with "build", "movements", "plan", "statement". We are King B. We need to decide orders for this turn (Turn 23). We have 6 villages, total 62 soldiers. We need to hold 18 of 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. Currently hold 6 of 24. So need to expand.

We have info about enemy villages: we can see [16] Valencia, [13] Teruel, [12] Madrid, [19] Pamplona. Also known from before: [15] Murcia, [14] Burgos, [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [11] Cordoba, [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto, [10] Vigo. Unexplored: [3] Coimbra, [9] Sevilha, [5] Faro, [1] Santarem, [0] Lisboa (enemy capital), [2] Evora.

We need to decide builds and movements. We have resources: each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. We have stockpiles: Barcelona wood 155, iron 110; Tarragona wood 155, iron 100; Girona wood 155, iron 100; Castellon wood 155, iron 110; Zaragoza wood 150, iron 100; Huesca wood 150, iron 100. So total wood ~ 920, iron ~ 620. But each village can only build from its own stock. Need to consider builds per village.

We need to decide which enemy villages to attack. We have troops available at each village.

List available troops per village:

Barcelona (22): 11 total (6 spear, 1 archer, 4 knight)
Tarragona (21): 3 total (2 spear, 0 archer, 1 knight)
Girona (23): 9 total (4 spear, 0 archer, 5 knight)
Castellon (18): 7 total (5 spear, 2 archer, 0 knight)
Zaragoza (17): 27 total (6 spear, 8 archer, 13 knight)
Huesca (20): 5 total (3 spear, 2 archer, 0 knight)

We can send troops from these villages to attack enemy villages. Need to consider travel times and combat.

Combat rules: Attack uses ATTACK values, defender uses DEFENSE (with location bonus already included in effective defense). Counter triangle: spearman counters knight (1.5x), archer counters spearman (1.5x), knight counters archer (1.5x). Most numerous type sets counter. Ties break in order spearman, archer, knight. Defender gets tie advantage? Actually "A tie favors the DEFENDER." So if effective forces equal, defender wins.

Effective force calculation: attacker's force = sum of (attack * count) maybe? Actually "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs." Then counter multiplier applies to attacker? "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So attacker's effective force = (sum of attack values) * (1.5 if counter). Defender's effective force = sum of defense values (already includes location bonus). Then compare.

We need to compute effective attack and defense for possible attacks.

First, list enemy villages we can see and their garrisons and effective defense:

[16] Valencia: garrison 2 archers, effective defense 5.
[13] Teruel: garrison 1 spearman, 5 archers, 2 knights, effective defense 20.
[12] Madrid: garrison 2 spearmen, 11 archers, 11 knights, effective defense 60.
[19] Pamplona: garrison 6 archers, 4 knights, effective defense 25.

Also known from before but not currently seen: [15] Murcia (last seen: 1 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight), [14] Burgos (6 archer, 4 knight), [7] Salamanca (1 knight), [8] Toledo (1 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight), [11] Cordoba (2 spear, 7 archer, 2 knight), [4] Badajoz (6 archer), [6] Porto (2 archer, 2 knight), [10] Vigo (8 archer, 6 knight). These might have changed.

We need to decide which to attack. We have limited troops. We need to conquer villages to reach 18. Currently 6. Need 12 more. But we can also attack neutral villages? There are no neutral villages mentioned; all are either ours or enemy. The unexplored ones are enemy or neutral? They are listed as "UNEXPLORED (6) - never seen; find them on the ROAD NETWORK below". They might be neutral or enemy. But we don't know.

We need to plan. Let's think about possible attacks.

We have Zaragoza with 27 troops, including 13 knights, 8 archers, 6 spear. That's a strong force. Could attack Madrid (12) which is heavily defended (60 defense). But we might be able to win if we send enough. However, Madrid is a big battle. Let's compute effective attack if we send all from Zaragoza: 6 spear (attack 1 each =6), 8 archer (attack 2 each =16), 13 knight (attack 4 each =52). Total attack sum = 74. Counter? Most numerous type: knights (13) vs archers (8) vs spear (6). So most numerous is knight. Knight counters archer? Actually knight counters archer (since knight beats archer). So if knights are most numerous, counter is knight vs archer? Wait, counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. So if knights are most numerous, they counter archers? The rule: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counts spearman; knight counts archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So if our army's most numerous type is knight, and the enemy has archers, we get bonus? Actually the counter is based on the matchup between the two armies' most numerous types? The rule: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So we need to determine most numerous type for attacker and defender. Then if attacker's type counters defender's type, attacker gets 1.5x. If defender's type counters attacker's type, defender gets 1.5x? The rule says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't specify if defender also gets counter. Usually in such games, both can get counter bonus. But the description: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counts spearman; knight counts archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It says "your force", meaning the side that has the counter. So both sides can get it if they have the counter. So we need to compute for both.

So for attack on Madrid: attacker (us) most numerous type: knight (13). Defender (Madrid) garrison: 2 spear, 11 archer, 11 knight. Most numerous: tie between archer and knight (11 each). Ties break in order spearman, archer, knight. So archer wins tie? Order: spearman, archer, knight. So if tie between archer and knight, archer is considered more numerous? Actually "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight" means that if counts are equal, the earlier in that order is considered more numerous. So archer beats knight. So defender's most numerous type is archer. Attacker's most numerous is knight. Knight counters archer, so attacker gets 1.5x bonus. Defender's most numerous is archer, which counters spearman, but attacker's most numerous is knight, not spearman, so defender does not get counter? Actually archer counters spearman, but attacker's most numerous is knight, so no counter for defender. So attacker gets 1.5x.

Attacker effective force = sum of attack values * 1.5 = 74 * 1.5 = 111.
Defender effective defense = 60 (already includes location bonus). So attacker wins easily. But we must consider that the defender's defense is 60, which is less than 111, so we win. However, we also take losses. The winner takes losses equal to the loser's effective force? "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So we would lose some troops. But we can still conquer.

But we need to consider that we might not want to send all troops from Zaragoza because we need to defend other places and maybe build more. Also, we can attack multiple targets.

We have 6 villages. We need to hold 18 for 2 consecutive turns. That means we need to conquer many villages quickly. The enemy capital is not required, but we need to eliminate every enemy village or hold 18. Since we start with 6, we need to conquer 12 more. There are 24 total, so enemy has 18 villages (including capital). Actually total 24, we have 6, so enemy has 18. To win by elimination, we need to conquer all enemy villages. That's a lot. To win by holding 18, we need to conquer 12 and hold them for 2 turns. That might be easier.

We need to expand. Let's look at nearby enemy villages.

Our villages: Barcelona (22), Tarragona (21), Girona (23), Castellon (18), Zaragoza (17), Huesca (20). They are in the northeast. Enemy villages we can see: Valencia (16), Teruel (13), Madrid (12), Pamplona (19). Also known: Burgos (14), Murcia (15), etc.

We can attack Valencia from Castellon (1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn). Valencia has 2 archers, defense 5. Easy win. We could send troops from Castellon: 5 spear, 2 archer. Attack sum: spear 5*1=5, archer 2*2=4, total 9. Most numerous: spear (5). Defender: 2 archer, most numerous archer. Spear counters knight? No, spear counters knight, archer counters spear. So attacker's most numerous spear is countered by defender's archer? Archer counters spearman, so defender gets counter? Actually archer counters spearman, so if defender's most numerous is archer and attacker's most numerous is spear, defender gets 1.5x. So defender effective defense = 5 * 1.5 = 7.5? But effective defense is already 5, does it include location bonus? The report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 5". So that 5 is after location bonus. Does it also include counter? No, counter is applied during combat. So we need to compute effective force with counter.

Attacker force: sum attack = 9. Most numerous spear. Defender most numerous archer. Archer counters spear, so defender gets 1.5x. So defender effective force = 5 * 1.5 = 7.5. Attacker force = 9. So attacker wins (9 > 7.5). But tie favors defender, so no tie. We win, but take losses.

But we might want to send more to reduce losses. However, we can also send from other villages. But travel times: from Castellon to Valencia is 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn. That means if we send slow troops (spear), it takes 1 turn? Actually "march from [18] Castellon: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means it takes 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast? That seems all 1 turn. So any troop from Castellon to Valencia arrives in 1 turn. So we can attack next turn.

We need to decide orders for this turn. Since orders are simultaneous, we need to consider what enemy might do. They attacked Madrid, Pamplona, Teruel last turn and conquered them. So they are expanding. We need to be careful.

We should try to conquer Valencia first, as it's weak. Also maybe attack Teruel or Pamplona.

Let's compute possible attacks:

Option 1: Attack Valencia from Castellon. Send all troops from Castellon? 5 spear, 2 archer. That's 9 attack. We could also send from other villages to reinforce Castellon? But we can send troops from other villages to Castellon to join the attack? The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if we send from multiple villages to the same target, they fight separately. So better to send from one village only. But we could send from Castellon directly to Valencia. Or we could send from Zaragoza to Valencia? Zaragoza to Valencia road: need to check network. Zaragoza (17) connects to [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]. Not directly to Valencia. Valencia (16) connects to [13], [15], [18]. So to attack Valencia, we must go through Teruel (13) or Castellon (18). Since Castellon is ours, we can send from Castellon. Or from Zaragoza to Castellon (reinforce) then to Valencia? But that takes time. Better to send from Castellon directly.

We could also send from Barcelona to Castellon to reinforce, but that takes time and they won't join the attack on Valencia this turn.

So let's consider attacking Valencia with Castellon's troops. But we might want to keep some troops in Castellon for defense? Castellon is a border village, but it has no enemy border? It says "BORDER with [13], [16] (enemy)". So it's adjacent to enemy. It has effective defense 18. If we send all troops away, it becomes undefended. But enemy might attack it. However, we don't know if enemy will attack. We need to balance.

We could send only some troops. But we need to win the battle. With 9 attack vs 5 defense, we should win even if we send fewer. But we want to minimize losses. Let's compute if we send only 5 spear: attack 5, most numerous spear. Defender 2 archer, most numerous archer. Archer counters spear, defender gets 1.5x -> effective defense 7.5. Attacker 5 < 7.5, so we lose. So we need at least enough attack to beat 7.5. With spear only, we need >7.5, so 8 spear would be 8 > 7.5. But we only have 5 spear in Castellon. So we need to include archers or knights. If we send 5 spear + 2 archer = 9, we win. If we send 5 spear + 1 archer = 7, still less than 7.5? 7 < 7.5, lose. So we need at least 8 attack? Actually 5 spear (5) + 2 archer (4) = 9. If we send 5 spear + 1 archer = 7, lose. So we need to send all 7 troops from Castellon to win. But we could also send knights from elsewhere? We have no knights in Castellon. We could send knights from Zaragoza to Castellon, but they would take time. Zaragoza to Castellon: road? Zaragoza (17) connects to [18] Castellon? Actually network: [17] Zaragoza: [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]. Not directly to [18]. Wait, check: [18] Castellon: [13], [16], [21]. So Zaragoza connects to [13] Teruel, which connects to [18] Castellon. So Zaragoza to Castellon would go through Teruel (enemy). So we cannot march through enemy village without fighting. So we cannot send from Zaragoza to Castellon directly without attacking Teruel. So Castellon is isolated from Zaragoza by enemy territory. So we cannot easily reinforce Castellon.

Thus, Castellon's own troops are all we have for that front.

We could also attack from other directions. For example, attack Teruel from Castellon or Zaragoza. Teruel (13) has defense 20, garrison 1 spear, 5 archer, 2 knight. We could attack from Castellon: 5 spear, 2 archer (9 attack). Let's compute: attacker most numerous spear (5). Defender most numerous archer (5). Archer counters spear, defender gets 1.5x. Defender effective defense = 20 * 1.5 = 30. Attacker force 9, lose. So not enough.

From Zaragoza to Teruel: Zaragoza has 6 spear, 8 archer, 13 knight. We could send a mix. Let's compute if we send all from Zaragoza: attack 74, most numerous knight. Defender most numerous archer (5). Knight counters archer, attacker gets 1.5x -> 111. Defender defense 20, no counter? Defender's most numerous archer counters spear, but attacker's most numerous is knight, so no defender counter. So attacker wins easily. But we would lose troops. We could send fewer to reduce losses. We need to beat 20 defense. With counter, our effective attack needs to be >20. If we send only knights: 13 knights attack 52, counter 1.5x = 78 >20. But we might lose some. We could send a smaller force. Let's find minimal force needed. If we send only knights, say 6 knights: attack 24, counter 1.5 = 36 >20, win. But we need to consider that defender might also get counter if we send only knights and defender has archers? Defender most numerous archer, which counters spear, but we have no spear, so no counter for defender. So we win. But we need to ensure we have enough troops to also defend other places.

We also have Girona with 4 spear, 5 knight. Could send to attack somewhere.

We need a strategy. Since we need to conquer many villages, we should focus on weak ones first.

List enemy villages with weak defenses: Valencia (5), then maybe others. But we also need to consider that enemy might attack our villages. Our border villages: Castellon (defense 18), Zaragoza (defense 68), Huesca (defense 13). Huesca is weak. Enemy could attack Huesca from Pamplona (19) or Zaragoza? Actually Huesca (20) connects to [17] Zaragoza (ours), [19] Pamplona (enemy), [23] Girona (ours). So enemy from Pamplona could attack Huesca. Pamplona has 6 archer, 4 knights, defense 25. If they attack Huesca (defense 13), they might win. So we might want to reinforce Huesca or send troops away? But if we send troops away, it becomes weaker. We could send troops from Huesca to attack somewhere else, but that leaves it vulnerable. We might want to build more troops in Huesca to defend.

We need to decide builds. Each village can build troops. We have resources. We should build troops to increase army. But we also need to use existing troops.

Let's think about the overall map. We have 6 villages in the northeast. Enemy has many in the center and south. We need to expand. Perhaps we should try to link up our villages by conquering the enemy villages between them. Our villages: Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona are interior. Castellon, Zaragoza, Huesca are border. To connect to more, we need to go through Teruel, Valencia, etc.

Maybe we should attack Valencia from Castellon, and also attack Teruel from Zaragoza. But we need to be careful about enemy counterattacks.

Let's consider the enemy's possible moves. They just conquered Madrid, Pamplona, Teruel. So they might be moving troops around. We don't see enemy armies on the march. So they might be building or moving.

We need to produce orders. Let's decide on a plan.

Plan: Attack Valencia with all troops from Castellon (5 spear, 2 archer). This should win and conquer Valencia, giving us 7 villages. Then we need 11 more. Also, we should build more troops in our villages to reinforce. We can build in Zaragoza to increase knights. Zaragoza has 150 wood, 100 iron. It can build knights (30 wood, 30 iron). It has 27 troops at home, cap 300, so can build more. We could build knights there. Also in Barcelona, we can build archers or knights. Barcelona has 155 wood, 110 iron. It has 11 troops. We can build more.

We also need to consider sending troops from other villages to attack other targets. For example, from Zaragoza we could send some troops to attack Teruel or Madrid. But we might want to keep some in Zaragoza for defense. Zaragoza has high defense 68, so it's well protected. We could send some knights from Zaragoza to attack Teruel, but we need to ensure we win with minimal losses.

Let's compute attacking Teruel from Zaragoza with a smaller force. We want to minimize losses. Losses are determined by the loser's effective force. If we win, we take losses equal to the loser's effective force? Actually "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So our losses = defender's effective force (after counter). So we want to minimize defender's effective force. Defender's effective defense is 20, but if they get counter, it could be higher. In this case, if we send knights, defender's most numerous is archer, which does not counter knights, so no counter. So defender's effective force = 20. So we will lose 20 "troop value"? But how are losses applied? It says "attrition against the loser's effective force". Probably we lose troops equivalent to the loser's effective force, but distributed? Not specified. We'll assume we lose some troops, but we can replace them.

If we attack with all Zaragoza troops (74 attack, 1.5x = 111), we overwhelm, but we might lose many troops. If we attack with just enough to win, we lose fewer. We need effective attack > 20. With knights, each knight has attack 4. If we send N knights, attack = 4N. Counter 1.5x if knights most numerous and defender has archers. So effective = 6N. Need 6N > 20 => N > 3.33, so 4 knights gives 24, effective 36 >20. So 4 knights would win. But we also need to consider that if we send only knights, our most numerous is knight, defender most numerous is archer, we get counter. So 4 knights: attack 16, counter 1.5 = 24. Actually 4*4=16, 1.5=24. 24 > 20, win. So we could send 4 knights from Zaragoza to Teruel and win, losing some troops. But we have 13 knights, so we can spare 4. However, we also need to consider that the enemy might have reinforcements? The garrison is static? The report shows garrison, but during the march, the enemy might be building or receiving reinforcements? The orders are simultaneous, so the enemy might send troops to Teruel this turn. But we don't know. We have to assume the garrison is as shown, because we are reading the snapshot. The enemy writes orders at the same time, so they might send troops to Teruel or elsewhere. But we cannot see that. So we must act on the current state.

We could also attack Madrid, but it's very strong (60 defense). We might not want to attack it yet.

We could attack Pamplona from Zaragoza. Pamplona (19) has defense 25, garrison 6 archer, 4 knight. From Zaragoza, we could send troops. Let's compute: if we send knights, most numerous knight, defender most numerous archer (6). Knight counters archer, we get 1.5x. Need effective attack > 25. 4 knights: 16*1.5=24 <25, lose. 5 knights: 20*1.5=30 >25, win. So 5 knights could take Pamplona. But we have 13 knights, so we could send 5. But we also might want to send some archers or spears.

We could also attack from other villages. Girona has 4 spear, 5 knight. Could send to attack somewhere. Girona connects to [20] Huesca and [22] Barcelona. So it can send troops to Huesca or Barcelona, but those are ours. To attack enemy, it would need to go through Huesca to Pamplona? Huesca to Pamplona is 1 turn? Actually Huesca (20) connects to [19] Pamplona. So Girona could send troops to Huesca (reinforce) then to Pamplona, but that takes time. Or Girona could send directly to Pamplona? No, must follow roads. Girona to Pamplona: Girona -> Huesca -> Pamplona. So 2 turns. So not immediate.

We need to decide which attacks to order this turn. Since travel times vary, we need to consider when troops arrive.

Let's list possible attacks and travel times:

From Castellon (18):
- to Valencia (16): 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn (so 1 turn for any)
- to Teruel (13): 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn (so 2 turns for slow, 1 for medium/fast? Actually "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means slow troops take 2 turns, medium 1, fast 1. So mixed army takes slowest, so 2 turns if include slow.)
- to Madrid? Castellon to Madrid: via Teruel? Castellon -> Teruel -> Madrid? Actually Madrid (12) connects to [8], [14], [17], [7]. Not directly to Castellon. So would need to go through Teruel.

From Zaragoza (17):
- to Madrid (12): 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn (1 turn)
- to Teruel (13): 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn? Actually report says from Zaragoza to [13] Teruel: not listed, but from Zaragoza to nearest border village [20] Huesca: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns. But we can see march distances: from Zaragoza to Madrid: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns. To Teruel? Teruel is [13], connected to Zaragoza via [13] Teruel: [8], [16], [17], [18]. So yes, Zaragoza to Teruel is directly connected? Actually [17] Zaragoza connects to [13] Teruel. So distance likely 1 turn. The report doesn't list it, but we can infer. From Zaragoza to Pamplona (19): 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns (as per report). So Pamplona is 2 turns for slow, 1 for medium/fast.

From Huesca (20):
- to Pamplona (19): 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns? Report says from Huesca to nearest border village [19] Pamplona: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns? Actually it says "from here to your nearest border village [19] Pamplona: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? Wait, the report for Huesca says: "from here to your nearest border village [19] (enemy) | ...". It doesn't list march distance. But from the network, Huesca connects to [19] Pamplona, so likely 1 turn.

From Barcelona (22), Tarragona (21), Girona (23) are interior, they can send to other villages but need to go through ours.

We need to decide on a combination of attacks. Perhaps we should attack Valencia and Teruel simultaneously. But we need to have enough troops.

Let's consider building troops. We should build more troops to have a larger army. We can build in our villages. Each village can build one type per turn? The rules don't limit number of builds per turn, but they take 1 turn to ready. So we can build multiple units in a village as long as we have resources and space.

We should build knights because they are strong and fast. But they cost 30 wood, 30 iron. We have resources. Let's see which villages can build knights. Zaragoza has 150 wood, 100 iron. Can build up to 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron) if we want. Barcelona has 155 wood, 110 iron, can build 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron). Girona has 155 wood, 100 iron, can build 3 knights. Tarragona has 155 wood, 100 iron, can build 3. Castellon has 155 wood, 110 iron, can build 3. Huesca has 150 wood, 100 iron, can build 3.

But we also need to consider that we need to pay from the village's own stock. So each village uses its own resources.

We should also build spearman or archers as cheaper options. But knights are best for attack.

We need to decide on builds for this turn. Since we want to attack soon, we should build troops that can be ready in 1 turn. All troops ready in 1 turn. So we can build this turn and they will be available next turn to send.

So we can build in multiple villages.

Let's plan:

Turn 23 orders:
- Build in Zaragoza: maybe 3 knights? But we need to have enough resources. Zaragoza has 150 wood, 100 iron. 3 knights cost 90 wood, 90 iron, leaving 60 wood, 10 iron. That's fine.
- Build in Barcelona: 3 knights? Cost 90 wood, 90 iron. Barcelona has 155 wood, 110 iron, so possible.
- Build in Girona: 3 knights? Cost 90 wood, 90 iron. Girona has 155 wood, 100 iron, so possible (10 iron short? Actually 3 knights need 90 iron, Girona has 100, so ok).
- Build in Tarragona: maybe 2 knights? Tarragona has 155 wood, 100 iron. 2 knights cost 60 wood, 60 iron.
- Build in Castellon: maybe 2 knights? Castellon has 155 wood, 110 iron. 2 knights cost 60 wood, 60 iron.
- Build in Huesca: maybe 2 knights? Huesca has 150 wood, 100 iron. 2 knights cost 60 wood, 60 iron.

But we also need to consider that we might want to build spearman or archers for defense or to counter enemy knights. But since we are attacking, knights are good.

However, we also need to send troops this turn. If we build this turn, they won't be available until next turn. So we can send existing troops this turn, and build for future.

We need to decide which attacks to launch this turn. Since travel times vary, we might want to send troops that take multiple turns so they arrive at the right time. But we can also send short-distance attacks.

Let's consider the enemy's likely moves. They just conquered Madrid, Pamplona, Teruel. They might move troops to those new villages. They might also attack our border villages. We should defend our villages. Huesca is weak (defense 13). We could reinforce Huesca from Girona or Zaragoza. But Girona to Huesca: 1 turn? Girona (23) connects to [20] Huesca. So we can send troops from Girona to Huesca to reinforce. That would take 1 turn (since Girona to Huesca is 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast? Actually report says from Girona to nearest border village [20] Huesca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So 1 turn). So we could send Girona's troops to Huesca this turn, arriving next turn. But that would leave Girona empty. Girona is interior, not border, so maybe less immediate threat. But we might want to keep troops there.

Alternatively, we could send troops from Barcelona to Girona to reinforce, but that takes time.

We need to balance. Let's think about the goal: hold 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns. We need to conquer and hold. So we need to expand and then hold.

Perhaps we should focus on conquering Valencia and Teruel and Pamplona to link our territory. Our villages: we have a cluster: Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Castellon, Zaragoza, Huesca. If we conquer Valencia, we connect Castellon to Valencia. If we conquer Teruel, we connect Zaragoza to Teruel and Castellon. If we conquer Pamplona, we connect Huesca to Pamplona. That would give us a solid block.

Let's check the map: Our villages: 
- Barcelona (22) - Tarragona (21) - Girona (23) are in the east.
- Castellon (18) south of Tarragona.
- Zaragoza (17) west of Castellon? Actually Zaragoza is inland, connected to Castellon via Teruel? Zaragoza connects to [13] Teruel, which connects to [18] Castellon. So they are separated by Teruel.
- Huesca (20) north of Zaragoza, connected to Pamplona.

So to connect Zaragoza and Castellon, we need Teruel. To connect Huesca to the rest, we need Pamplona or Zaragoza (already connected). So conquering Teruel and Valencia and Pamplona would link everything.

Let's list enemy villages we can attack this turn:

1. Valencia from Castellon: 1 turn. We can send all Castellon troops (5 spear, 2 archer). That should win. But we might lose some troops. After winning, we conquer Valencia, and our troops will be there. But we need to consider that after conquering, the village will have our troops plus whatever we send. But we send troops from Castellon, so Castellon becomes empty. That might be okay if we can defend it later.

2. Teruel from Zaragoza: 1 turn. We can send some troops from Zaragoza. If we send too many, we lose them from Zaragoza. But we can build more in Zaragoza. We could send a small force to Teruel, say 5 knights? But we need to ensure victory. Let's compute minimal force to take Teruel (defense 20). With knights, we need effective attack >20. If we send only knights, counter 1.5x, so 4 knights gives 24 effective, win. But we also need to consider that if we send only knights, the defender might have archers that don't counter, so we win. But we will take losses equal to defender's effective force (20). So we will lose some troops. But we can replace them. However, if we send 4 knights, we lose some of them? The losses are attrition against the loser's effective force. So our force of 4 knights (attack 16, effective 24) takes losses equal to defender's effective force (20). But how are losses distributed? Probably we lose troops proportional to the enemy's force. Since we have 4 knights, we might lose some knights. The rules don't specify exactly, but we can assume we lose some troops. It might be better to send a larger force to reduce percentage loss? Actually "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So our losses are based on the loser's effective force, not our own. So if we send more troops, we still lose the same total attrition? That seems odd. Usually attrition is a percentage. But the rule says "attrition against the loser's effective force", meaning we lose troops equal to the loser's effective force? That would mean if we attack with 100 troops and defender has 20, we lose 20 troops. If we attack with 10 troops, we lose 20? That can't be. So it must mean we lose a number of troops equal to the loser's effective force, but limited by our own army size? Probably we lose a number of troops equal to the loser's effective force, but if we have fewer, we might be wiped out. So it's better to have a larger buffer. So sending more troops is safer.

So for Teruel, we could send all Zaragoza troops (27) to ensure overwhelming victory, but then Zaragoza is empty. But we can build new troops there next turn. However, if enemy attacks Zaragoza while empty, we lose it. But Zaragoza has high defense 68, so enemy would need a large force to take it. They might not attack it if they are elsewhere.

We could also send troops from other villages to Zaragoza to reinforce before sending to Teruel, but that takes time.

Let's consider a more conservative approach: Build troops this turn, and send existing troops to attack weak targets. We can also send troops to reinforce our border villages.

Maybe we should attack Valencia with Castellon, and also send some troops from Zaragoza to Teruel, and from Huesca to attack Pamplona? But Huesca to Pamplona is 1 turn. Huesca has 3 spear, 2 archer (5 troops). Attack on Pamplona (defense 25). Let's compute: attacker most numerous spear (3). Defender most numerous archer (6). Archer counters spear, defender gets 1.5x -> effective defense 25*1.5=37.5. Attacker force 5, lose. So Huesca alone cannot take Pamplona. We could send from Zaragoza to Pamplona, but that takes 2 turns (slow) or 1 turn (fast). If we send knights from Zaragoza to Pamplona, they would take 1 turn (fast). But we need to decide now.

We could send from Zaragoza to Pamplona: 5 knights as computed, win. But then Zaragoza loses 5 knights. We have 13, so ok.

But we also need to consider that we might want to attack multiple targets simultaneously to spread enemy defenses.

Let's think about the enemy's capital. It's Lisboa (0), unknown garrison. Not required to win, but if we eliminate all enemy villages, we win. That might be hard.

Given we need 18 villages, we need to conquer 12. There are 18 enemy villages. We can try to conquer them one by one. But we need to hold them for 2 consecutive turns. So we need to conquer and then hold while we conquer more.

Perhaps we should focus on conquering the easier ones first, then move on.

Let's list all known enemy villages and their defense (effective defense as seen, but may have changed):
- Valencia (16): 5
- Teruel (13): 20
- Madrid (12): 60
- Pamplona (19): 25
- Murcia (15): last seen 5 turns ago: 1 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight (defense unknown, but likely low)
- Burgos (14): last seen 1 turn ago: 6 archer, 4 knight (defense maybe around 20-30?)
- Salamanca (7): last seen 1 turn ago: 1 knight (defense low)
- Toledo (8): last seen 1 turn ago: 1 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight (defense low)
- Cordoba (11): last seen 5 turns ago: 2 spear, 7 archer, 2 knight (defense moderate)
- Badajoz (4): last seen 6 turns ago: 6 archer (defense low)
- Porto (6): last seen 6 turns ago: 2 archer, 2 knight (defense low)
- Vigo (10): last seen 2 turns ago: 8 archer, 6 knight (defense moderate)
- Unexplored: Coimbra (3), Sevilha (9), Faro (5), Santarem (1), Lisboa (0), Evora (2). These might be enemy or neutral. But likely enemy.

We need to prioritize. Valencia is the weakest. Then maybe Salamanca, Badajoz, etc. But we need to reach them.

Our current position: we have Castellon and Zaragoza as forward bases. From Castellon, we can reach Valencia (1 turn), Teruel (2 turns), Murcia (2 turns? Actually from Castellon to Murcia: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns, so 2 turns). From Zaragoza, we can reach Madrid (1 turn), Teruel (1 turn), Pamplona (2 turns), Burgos (2 turns? Zaragoza to Burgos: via Madrid? Actually Burgos (14) connects to [10], [12], [19]. So from Zaragoza to Burgos: Zaragoza -> Madrid (12) -> Burgos (14)? Or Zaragoza -> Pamplona (19) -> Burgos (14). Both 2 turns. So we can attack Burgos in 2 turns.

We need to decide on this turn's orders. Since we can only send troops from our villages, and they take time to arrive, we should send troops on long journeys now so they arrive at the right time. For example, if we want to attack Burgos from Zaragoza in 2 turns, we could send troops now from Zaragoza to Burgos, but they would take 2 turns (if slow) or 1 turn (if fast). Actually if we send knights (fast), they take 1 turn? The report says from Zaragoza to Burgos: not listed, but we can estimate. From Zaragoza to Madrid is 1 turn for all. From Madrid to Burgos is probably 1 turn. So total 2 turns for any troop? But if we send fast troops, they might take 1 turn per leg? The movement rules: "Travel time is measured along the roads". So we need to sum the travel times along each road segment. The report gives travel times from each village to its nearest border. But we can compute based on the network.

Actually, the report gives march distances from each of our villages to their nearest border village. For Zaragoza, it says "from here to your nearest border village [20] Huesca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That doesn't help for other destinations. But we can look at the road network and infer distances. However, we don't have exact travel times for all routes. We might need to approximate.

Given the complexity, perhaps we should focus on nearby attacks that we know the travel times for: Valencia from Castellon (1 turn), Teruel from Zaragoza (1 turn), Pamplona from Zaragoza (2 turns slow/1 fast), Madrid from Zaragoza (1 turn), etc.

Let's decide on a simple plan: Attack Valencia with all Castellon troops. Attack Teruel with a portion of Zaragoza troops. Build more troops in our villages to reinforce for future attacks and defense.

But we need to be careful about enemy counterattacks. The enemy might attack our border villages. Which ones are most vulnerable? Huesca (defense 13) is adjacent to Pamplona (enemy) and Zaragoza (ours). Enemy from Pamplona could attack Huesca. They have 6 archer, 4 knights (defense 25). If they attack Huesca, they would likely win if we don't reinforce. So we should reinforce Huesca. We can send troops from Girona to Huesca (1 turn). Girona has 4 spear, 5 knight. We could send some to Huesca. Or we could send from Zaragoza to Huesca (1 turn). Zaragoza to Huesca is 1 turn? Actually Zaragoza connects to Huesca directly? Network: [17] Zaragoza: [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]. So yes, Zaragoza connects to Huesca [20]. So 1 turn. So we could send troops from Zaragoza to Huesca to reinforce. But if we send troops from Zaragoza to Huesca, they would leave Zaragoza. That might be okay.

We could also send from Barcelona to Girona to reinforce Girona, then Girona to Huesca, but that takes 2 turns.

Let's think about the enemy's possible moves. They just conquered Madrid, Pamplona, Teruel. They might be moving troops to those new fronts. They might attack Zaragoza from Teruel or Madrid. Zaragoza is strong (defense 68). They might attack Castellon from Teruel or Valencia? Castellon defense 18, moderate. They might attack Huesca from Pamplona. Huesca defense 13, weak. So Huesca is the most vulnerable. We should reinforce Huesca or send its troops away? If we send its troops away, it becomes even weaker. So we should reinforce it.

We could send troops from Girona to Huesca. Girona has 4 spear, 5 knight. If we send all, that's 9 troops, which would increase Huesca's garrison. But then Girona is empty. Girona is interior, but it's connected to Barcelona and Tarragona. Enemy could potentially reach it if they break through. But for now, it's safe.

Alternatively, we could build troops in Huesca. Huesca has 3 spear, 2 archer, and resources 150 wood, 100 iron. It can build troops. We could build knights or archers there to defend. But building takes 1 turn, so they would be ready next turn. If enemy attacks this turn, they won't have the new troops. But we don't know if enemy will attack this turn. They might.

We need to make a decision. Let's try to balance: We will attack Valencia with Castellon's troops. We will send some troops from Zaragoza to Teruel to conquer it. We will also send troops from Girona to Huesca to reinforce. And we will build troops in several villages.

But we need to specify exact numbers.

Let's compute the forces:

For Valencia: send from Castellon: 5 spear, 2 archer. That's all available. Attack power 9. Defender 5. We computed we win. But we need to check if we need to keep any in Castellon for defense? If we send all, Castellon becomes empty. If enemy attacks Castellon this turn, they would take it with no resistance. But enemy might attack from Teruel or Valencia. Teruel is enemy, but they might not have moved troops there yet. Valencia is enemy, but they have only 2 archers, so they are weak. So maybe it's safe to empty Castellon. After we conquer Valencia, we will have troops there, and we can move them back next turn.

For Teruel: send from Zaragoza. We need to decide how many. We want to win with minimal losses. Let's send 6 knights? That's attack 24, counter 1.5 = 36, >20. But we have 13 knights, so 6 is okay. Or we could send 8 knights to be safer. But we might want to keep some knights in Zaragoza for defense. Zaragoza has high defense, but if we remove troops, its effective defense might drop. The effective defense number (68) includes location bonus and presumably the troops? Actually effective defense is calculated from the troops? The report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 68". That likely is the defense value of the garrison plus location bonus. So if we remove troops, the defense would be lower. But we don't know how the 68 is computed. It might be based on the troops present. So if we send troops away, the defense of Zaragoza might decrease, making it vulnerable. But we can build new troops.

Maybe we should send a mixed force from Zaragoza: some knights and some archers to reduce loss. But we need to ensure victory.

Let's compute a mixed force: suppose we send 4 knights and 4 archers. Attack: knights 4*4=16, archers 4*2=8, total 24. Most numerous: tie between knight and archer? 4 each. Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So archer is considered more numerous? Actually order: spearman, archer, knight. So archer comes before knight, so archer is considered more numerous. So most numerous is archer. Defender most numerous is archer (5). So both most numerous archer. What is the counter? Archer counters spearman. Neither side counters the other. So no counter. Effective attack = 24. Effective defense = 20. 24 > 20, win. But we don't get counter bonus. So we win with 24 vs 20. That's a close win, we might take losses. If we send 5 knights and 3 archers: attack 5*4=20 + 3*2=6 =26. Most numerous: knight (5) vs archer (3) -> knight. Defender most numerous archer. Knight counters archer, so we get 1.5x. Effective = 26*1.5=39. Much better. So sending knights as majority gives counter bonus.

So it's better to send mostly knights. Let's send 6 knights from Zaragoza. Attack 24, counter 1.5 =36. Win with margin. We'll lose some troops, but not too many. We have 13 knights, so we can spare 6. We could also send some archers or spears to fill, but not necessary.

For Huesca reinforcement: send from Girona. Girona has 4 spear, 5 knight. We could send some to Huesca. If we send all, Girona empty. But we might want to keep some in Girona. Let's send 2 spear and 2 knight? Or just send the knights? Huesca needs defense. We can send 3 knights from Girona to Huesca. They will arrive in 1 turn (since Girona to Huesca is 1 turn). That will increase Huesca's garrison.

But we also need to consider that we might want to attack Pamplona from Huesca later. If we reinforce Huesca, we can then attack.

Alternatively, we could send troops from Zaragoza to Huesca instead of sending to Teruel. But we want to conquer Teruel.

Let's think about the big picture. We have 6 villages. We need to expand. Perhaps we should focus on conquering Valencia and Teruel first, as they are adjacent and will link our territory. Then we can move on to Murcia, Burgos, etc.

Let's decide on the following moves:

- Castellon: send all troops (5 spear, 2 archer) to Valencia. Attack.
- Zaragoza: send 6 knights to Teruel. Attack.
- Girona: send 3 knights to Huesca. Reinforce.
- Barcelona: build 3 knights.
- Tarragona: build 2 knights.
- Huesca: build 2 archers? Or maybe build 2 knights? Huesca has 150 wood, 100 iron. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 2 knights to increase cavalry.
- Zaragoza: after sending 6 knights, we have 7 knights left. We can build more knights. Zaragoza has 150 wood, 100 iron. We can build 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron). So build 3 knights.
- Girona: after sending 3 knights, we have 2 knights left. We can build more. Girona has 155 wood, 100 iron. Build 3 knights? But we sent 3, so we have 2 left, total 5 after build? Actually build adds new troops. We can build 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron). So Girona will have 2 (existing) + 3 (new) = 5 knights, plus 4 spear? We didn't send spears. So Girona will have 4 spear, 5 knight after build? Wait, we sent 3 knights, so existing knights become 2. Then build 3 knights -> 5 knights. So total 4 spear, 5 knight. That's fine.
- Castellon: after sending all troops, it will have 0. We can build there. Castellon has 155 wood, 110 iron. We can build 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron) or other. Let's build 3 knights to rebuild.
- Tarragona: has 2 spear, 1 knight. We can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). So Tarragona will have 2 spear, 3 knight.
- Barcelona: has 6 spear, 1 archer, 4 knight. Build 3 knights -> 6 spear, 1 archer, 7 knight.

But we need to ensure resources are enough. Let's check each village's stock and build costs.

We need to list builds per village. The build order is a list of objects with villageId, type, quantity. We can specify multiple builds for the same village? The JSON format allows multiple entries in the "build" array. So we can have multiple builds for the same village if we want different types. But we can also just specify one type per village, or multiple.

Let's compute resource usage:

Initial resources per village (from report):
Barcelona: wood 155, iron 110
Tarragona: wood 155, iron 100
Girona: wood 155, iron 100
Castellon: wood 155, iron 110
Zaragoza: wood 150, iron 100
Huesca: wood 150, iron 100

We also need to consider that these are the current stockpiles. They produce 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. But the report says "wood 155 (+30/turn)" meaning current stock is 155, and they gain 30 per turn. So the stock is what they have now. When we build, we use the current stock. The production happens at the start of the turn? Usually resources are produced then we can spend. The report shows current stock, so we can spend up to that amount. We should not order builds that exceed stock.

Let's plan builds:

1. Barcelona: build 3 knights. Cost: 90 wood, 90 iron. Stock: 155 wood, 110 iron. After: 65 wood, 20 iron. OK.
2. Tarragona: build 2 knights. Cost: 60 wood, 60 iron. Stock: 155 wood, 100 iron. After: 95 wood, 40 iron. OK.
3. Girona: build 3 knights. Cost: 90 wood, 90 iron. Stock: 155 wood, 100 iron. After: 65 wood, 10 iron. OK.
4. Castellon: build 3 knights. Cost: 90 wood, 90 iron. Stock: 155 wood, 110 iron. After: 65 wood, 20 iron. OK.
5. Zaragoza: build 3 knights. Cost: 90 wood, 90 iron. Stock: 150 wood, 100 iron. After: 60 wood, 10 iron. OK.
6. Huesca: build 2 knights. Cost: 60 wood, 60 iron. Stock: 150 wood, 100 iron. After: 90 wood, 40 iron. OK.

But we also might want to build spearman or archers in some places for balance. However, knights are expensive but strong. We have plenty of iron? Total iron after builds: we use a lot. But each village has its own iron. Let's check if any village runs out. Huesca: 100 iron, build 2 knights uses 60, leaves 40. OK. Zaragoza: 100 iron, build 3 knights uses 90, leaves 10. OK. Castellon: 110 iron, build 3 knights uses 90, leaves 20. OK. Girona: 100 iron, build 3 knights uses 90, leaves 10. OK. Tarragona: 100 iron, build 2 knights uses 60, leaves 40. OK. Barcelona: 110 iron, build 3 knights uses 90, leaves 20. OK.

Wood: all have enough.

Now, we also need to consider that we are sending troops away. The movements will reduce the troops at home, but that doesn't affect resources.

Now, let's decide on the exact movements.

We need to specify fromId, toId, and troops counts.

Movement 1: from Castellon (18) to Valencia (16). Troops: spearman 5, archer 2, knight 0.
Movement 2: from Zaragoza (17) to Teruel (13). Troops: spearman 0, archer 0, knight 6.
Movement 3: from Girona (23) to Huesca (20). Troops: spearman 0, archer 0, knight 3. (We could also send spears? But we want to reinforce Huesca with knights for defense. Huesca already has 3 spear, 2 archer. Adding 3 knights gives it 3 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight. That's a decent force.)

But we need to consider travel times. Girona to Huesca: 1 turn (since Girona to Huesca is 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast). So they arrive next turn. That's fine.

Zaragoza to Teruel: 1 turn (since both are connected, likely 1 turn). So they arrive next turn.

Castellon to Valencia: 1 turn. Arrive next turn.

So all attacks will resolve next turn.

Now, what about our own villages' defenses? After sending troops away:
- Castellon: will have 0 troops (since we send all). But we build 3 knights there this turn, so after build, it will have 3 knights? But builds are ready in 1 turn, so they will be available next turn. So at the end of this turn, Castellon will have 0 troops, but next turn it will have 3 knights. However, if enemy attacks Castellon this turn, they will face 0 troops? But the enemy orders are simultaneous. They might attack Castellon. If they do, they will conquer it with no resistance. But we don't know if they will. To protect against that, we might want to keep some troops in Castellon. But we are sending all to Valencia. If we keep some, we might not have enough to win Valencia. Let's check if we can win Valencia with fewer troops. We computed we need at least 8 attack to beat effective defense 7.5. With 5 spear (5) and 1 archer (2) = 7, we lose. With 5 spear and 2 archer = 9, win. So we need both archers. Could we send only 4 spear and 2 archer? Attack 4+4=8, which is >7.5, so win? 8 > 7.5, yes. So we could leave 1 spear in Castellon. That would give Castellon 1 spear for defense. But then our attack is 8, still win. Let's recompute: attacker force 8 (4 spear, 2 archer). Most numerous: spear (4) vs archer (2) -> spear. Defender most numerous archer (2). Archer counters spear, defender gets 1.5x. Defender effective defense = 5 * 1.5 = 7.5. Attacker 8 > 7.5, win. So we can leave 1 spear in Castellon. That might be safer. So we send 4 spear, 2 archer from Castellon to Valencia. Castellon keeps 1 spear.

But wait, Castellon initially has 5 spear, 2 archer. So if we send 4 spear, 2 archer, we leave 1 spear. That's good.

Now, Zaragoza: we send 6 knights. Zaragoza initially has 6 spear, 8 archer, 13 knight. After sending 6 knights, it has 6 spear, 8 archer, 7 knight. That's still a good force. We also build 3 knights, so next turn it will have 10 knights.

Girona: we send 3 knights. Girona initially 4 spear, 0 archer, 5 knight. After sending 3 knights, it has 4 spear, 0 archer, 2 knight. Then we build 3 knights, so next turn it will have 4 spear, 5 knight. That's fine.

Huesca: we send 3 knights from Girona, but they arrive next turn. Huesca initially 3 spear, 2 archer, 0 knight. It will receive 3 knights next turn, so then it will have 3 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight. We also build 2 knights in Huesca this turn, so after build, Huesca will have 3 spear, 2 archer, 2 knight (new) + 3 knight (reinforcements) = 3 spear, 2 archer, 5 knight? Wait, the build is at Huesca, so the new knights are at Huesca. The reinforcements from Girona are separate. So at the end of next turn, Huesca will have initial 3 spear, 2 archer, plus 2 new knights (from build) plus 3 knights from Girona = 3 spear, 2 archer, 5 knight. That's a strong garrison.

But we need to be careful about the order of resolution. The builds are built this turn and ready next turn. The movements take 1 turn, so they arrive next turn. So at the start of next turn, the new troops from builds will be available, and the marching troops will arrive. So they will all be together next turn.

Now, what about Tarragona and Barcelona? They are interior, not sending troops. We build there.

We should also consider sending troops from Tarragona or Barcelona to somewhere. They could reinforce Castellon or others. But they are far. Tarragona to Castellon: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns? Report says from Tarragona to nearest border village [18] Castellon: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So 1 turn. So we could send troops from Tarragona to Castellon to reinforce. But we are already leaving 1 spear in Castellon. We could send more. But if we send from Tarragona, they would take 1 turn to arrive. So they would arrive next turn. That could help defend Castellon if enemy attacks. But we need to decide.

Tarragona has 2 spear, 1 knight. We could send them to Castellon. But then Tarragona becomes empty. Tarragona is interior, but it's connected to Barcelona and Girona? Actually Tarragona connects to [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [22] Barcelona. So it's a junction. If we empty it, enemy could potentially march through? But enemy would have to conquer it first. It might be okay.

Alternatively, we could send from Barcelona to Tarragona to reinforce, but that takes time.

Let's think about the enemy's likely moves. They just conquered Madrid, Pamplona, Teruel. They might attack Zaragoza from Teruel or Madrid. Zaragoza has 6 spear, 8 archer, 7 knight after sending, plus defense 68. That's strong. They might attack Castellon from Teruel or Valencia. Castellon will have 1 spear, plus we build 3 knights, so next turn it will have 1 spear, 3 knight. That's moderate. They might attack Huesca from Pamplona. Huesca will be reinforced.

We could also send from Barcelona to Castellon to reinforce. Barcelona has 6 spear, 1 archer, 4 knight. We could send some. But Barcelona to Castellon: must go through Tarragona? Actually Barcelona (22) connects to [21] Tarragona and [23] Girona. To get to Castellon, Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Castellon. That's 2 turns? Tarragona to Castellon is 1 turn, so total 2 turns. So if we send from Barcelona now, they would take 2 turns to reach Castellon. That might be too late.

We could send from Tarragona to Castellon (1 turn). Tarragona has 2 spear, 1 knight. We could send them. But then Tarragona is empty. We could build in Tarragona to replace. We planned to build 2 knights there. So if we send the existing 2 spear and 1 knight, Tarragona would have 0 troops until the builds are ready. But the builds are ready next turn, so at the end of next turn, Tarragona would have 2 knights (from build) and no spear/knight. That might be okay.

But do we need to send from Tarragona? Castellon will have 1 spear + 3 knights (from build) next turn. That's 4 troops. If enemy attacks Castellon with a small force, we might defend. But we don't know.

Maybe we should keep Tarragona's troops for defense of the interior.

Let's consider another attack: we could send from Zaragoza to Madrid. Madrid has defense 60, but we could try to conquer it. If we send all Zaragoza troops (after sending 6 to Teruel, we have 6 spear, 8 archer, 7 knight), attack: spear 6, archer 16, knight 28. Total 50? Actually 6*1=6, 8*2=16, 7*4=28, sum=50. Most numerous: knight (7) vs archer (8) -> archer is more numerous? Actually 8 archer > 7 knight, so most numerous is archer. Defender Madrid has 2 spear, 11 archer, 11 knight. Most numerous: tie between archer and knight, tiebreak archer. So defender most numerous archer. Attacker most numerous archer. Archer counters spearman, so no counter for either? Actually both archer, so no counter. Effective attack = 50. Effective defense = 60. 50 < 60, lose. So we cannot take Madrid with that force. We would need more. So not yet.

What about attacking Pamplona from Zaragoza? We could send knights. But we already sent to Teruel. We could send another group from Zaragoza to Pamplona? But Zaragoza has limited troops. After sending 6 to Teruel, we have 7 knights. We could send 5 to Pamplona, but they would take 2 turns (slow) or 1 turn (fast). If we send knights, they are fast, so 1 turn? Actually from Zaragoza to Pamplona: report says "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So fast troops take 1 turn. So we could send 5 knights to Pamplona, arriving next turn. But then we would have only 2 knights left in Zaragoza. And we also have spear and archers. But we might want to hold Zaragoza.

Maybe we should focus on one attack at a time to avoid overextending.

Let's reconsider the plan. We need to conquer 12 villages. We should probably attack multiple targets to keep enemy off balance. But we need to ensure we can win each battle.

Let's list the enemy villages we can reach with our current troops and their defenses:

- Valencia (16): defense 5. Reachable from Castellon (1 turn). Easy win.
- Teruel (13): defense 20. Reachable from Zaragoza (1 turn) or Castellon (2 turns). Win with moderate force.
- Pamplona (19): defense 25. Reachable from Zaragoza (1 turn fast) or Huesca (1 turn). Win with knights.
- Madrid (12): defense 60. Reachable from Zaragoza (1 turn). Hard.
- Murcia (15): last seen low defense, but not currently visible. Reachable from Castellon (2 turns) or Teruel (once conquered).
- Burgos (14): last seen 6 archer, 4 knight. Reachable from Zaragoza (2 turns) or Pamplona (1 turn?).
- Toledo (8): last seen low. Reachable from Zaragoza? Zaragoza to Toledo: via Madrid? Or via Teruel? Actually Toledo (8) connects to [4], [11], [12], [13]. So from Zaragoza -> Teruel -> Toledo (2 turns) or Zaragoza -> Madrid -> Toledo (2 turns).
- Badajoz (4): far.
- etc.

Given we have limited troops, we should start with the easiest: Valencia, then Teruel, then maybe Murcia or something.

But we also need to defend our newly conquered villages. If we conquer Valencia, we need to leave troops there or have a plan to retake if enemy attacks. But we can build in Valencia after conquering. However, we don't have resources there yet? Actually when we conquer a village, it starts producing resources? Probably yes, but we don't know its initial resources. The report doesn't show enemy village resources. We might assume they have some stock. But we can't rely on that.

We need to be efficient.

Let's decide on this turn's orders with the following reasoning:

We will attack Valencia with most of Castellon's troops, leaving 1 spear for defense. We will attack Teruel with 6 knights from Zaragoza. We will reinforce Huesca with 3 knights from Girona. We will build knights in all our villages to rebuild our forces.

But we also need to consider that we might want to send troops from Tarragona or Barcelona to help. Perhaps we should send from Tarragona to Castellon to reinforce Castellon after we strip it. Let's do that: send from Tarragona (2 spear, 1 knight) to Castellon. They will arrive next turn, adding to Castellon's defense. That way Castellon will have 1 spear (left) + 3 knights (built) + 2 spear, 1 knight (from Tarragona) = 3 spear, 4 knight? Actually careful: Castellon's own build: 3 knights. So Castellon will have 1 spear (remaining) + 3 knights (built) + reinforcements from Tarragona (2 spear, 1 knight) = 3 spear, 4 knight. That's a decent force. And Tarragona will have 0 troops, but we build 2 knights there, so next turn Tarragona will have 2 knights. That might be okay.

But wait, Tarragona's troops are sending to Castellon, which is 1 turn away. So they arrive next turn. Tarragona's build of 2 knights will also be ready next turn. So Tarragona will have 2 knights at home, while the sent troops are gone. So Tarragona's defense will be low. But Tarragona is interior, connected to Barcelona and Zaragoza? Actually Tarragona connects to Zaragoza, Castellon, Barcelona. So it could be attacked if enemy breaks through. But for now, it's probably safe.

Alternatively, we could not send from Tarragona, and instead build there and keep troops. But Castellon might be weak. Let's think about the enemy's reach. The enemy has Teruel, Valencia, Madrid, Pamplona. From Teruel, they could attack Castellon (1 turn) or Zaragoza (1 turn). From Valencia, they could attack Castellon (1 turn) or Murcia (1 turn). From Pamplona, they could attack Huesca (1 turn) or Zaragoza (1 turn) or Burgos (1 turn). So our border villages are under threat.

If we leave Castellon with only 1 spear + 3 knights (built), that's 4 troops. If enemy attacks Castellon from Teruel with, say, the troops they have there (1 spear, 5 archer, 2 knight), they might win. Let's compute: enemy attack on Castellon. Enemy troops: 1 spear, 5 archer, 2 knight. Attack sum: spear 1, archer 10, knight 8 = 19. Most numerous: archer (5). Our defense: we have 1 spear, 3 knight (assuming no reinforcements yet). Defense values: spear defense 2, knight defense 2 each. Total defense = 2 + 2*3 = 8? Actually defense values: spearman defense 2, knight defense 2. So 1 spear (2) + 3 knight (6) = 8. Location bonus: Castellon is a border village? It says "BORDER with [13], [16] (enemy)". So it's a village, not a castle. Location bonus for defense: "defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle". So effective defense = 8 * 1.25 = 10. But the report says effective defense of Castellon is 18 with current troops (7 troops: 5 spear, 2 archer). So our current defense is 18. If we reduce troops, defense drops. With 1 spear, 3 knight, defense = (2 + 6)*1.25 = 8*1.25 = 10. So enemy attack 19 vs our defense 10, they win. So Castellon would fall. So we need to keep more troops in Castellon or reinforce it quickly.

If we send Tarragona's troops, they arrive next turn, but the enemy attack also happens this turn? The enemy orders are simultaneous. If they attack Castellon this turn, they will fight against the troops we leave in Castellon now. The reinforcements from Tarragona will arrive next turn, but if Castellon falls this turn, it's too late. So we need to ensure Castellon can defend itself this turn. So we should leave enough troops in Castellon to survive an attack. Or we could not attack Valencia and instead defend Castellon. But we want to conquer Valencia.

What if we don't send all Castellon troops? We could send only a smaller force to Valencia, leaving more in Castellon. But we need to win the battle for Valencia. Let's see if we can win Valencia with fewer troops. We computed we need at least 8 attack to beat 7.5. With 4 spear and 2 archer = 8 attack, win. That leaves 1 spear in Castellon. That gives Castellon 1 spear, defense = 2*1.25 = 2.5, very weak. If we leave 2 spear and 1 archer? Then attack would be 3 spear (3) + 1 archer (2) = 5, which is less than 7.5, lose. So we cannot leave many.

What if we send knights from somewhere to Castellon to reinforce before attacking? But they would take time. We could send from Zaragoza to Castellon, but they would have to go through Teruel (enemy), so they would fight there. Not good.

Maybe we should not attack Valencia this turn. Instead, we should reinforce Castellon and maybe attack Teruel from Zaragoza. Or we could attack Valencia but keep more troops in Castellon by sending from another village to Castellon? But as said, any reinforcements from other villages will take at least 1 turn, so they won't help for this turn's defense. The only way to strengthen Castellon for this turn is to not send its troops away.

So we face a dilemma: if we send troops from Castellon to attack Valencia, Castellon becomes vulnerable to enemy attack this turn. If the enemy attacks Castellon, we lose it. But do we know if the enemy will attack? They might not. They just conquered Teruel and Valencia? Actually last turn they conquered Madrid, Pamplona, Teruel. They did not conquer Valencia. Valencia is still enemy (King A). So they already own Valencia. Wait, the report says Valencia is ENEMY (King A). So Valencia is already an enemy village. So we are not conquering it from the enemy; it's already theirs. Actually, the report says "[16] Valencia | ENEMY (King A) | garrison: 2 archers". So Valencia is an enemy village. So we are attacking an enemy village. That's fine. But the enemy already owns it. So we are trying to conquer it.

The enemy's recent moves: they attacked Madrid, Pamplona, Teruel and conquered them. So they are expanding. They might be moving troops from those new conquests to other places. They might attack our border villages. We don't know.

Given the uncertainty, maybe we should adopt a defensive posture this turn, building up our forces, and attack next turn when we have more information. But we need to progress.

Let's consider the possibility that the enemy might attack Huesca. Huesca is weak (defense 13). If we reinforce it with Girona's troops, they arrive next turn. But if the enemy attacks Huesca this turn, they will face the current garrison (3 spear, 2 archer). Let's compute Huesca's current defense: troops: 3 spear (def 2 each =6), 2 archer (def 2 each =4), total defense =10. Location bonus: village x1.25 = 12.5. Effective defense reported as 13, so that matches. If enemy attacks from Pamplona with 6 archer, 4 knight: attack sum: archer 12, knight 16 =28. Most numerous archer (6). Against Huesca's most numerous spear (3)? Actually Huesca has 3 spear, 2 archer, so most numerous spear. Defender most numerous spear. Attacker most numerous archer. Archer counters spear, so attacker gets 1.5x? Wait, attacker's most numerous is archer, defender's most numerous is spear. Archer counters spearman, so attacker gets 1.5x bonus. So attacker effective force = 28 * 1.5 = 42. Defender effective defense = 12.5 (no counter because defender's spear does not counter archer? Actually spear counters knight, not archer. So no counter for defender). So attacker wins easily. So Huesca would fall if attacked. So we need to reinforce Huesca or send its troops away. But if we send its troops away, it's even weaker. So we should reinforce it. But reinforcements from Girona take 1 turn, so they won't help this turn. So Huesca is vulnerable this turn. The only way to save it is to send its own troops away? No, that makes it worse. Or we could build troops in Huesca this turn, but they won't be ready until next turn. So Huesca cannot be defended this turn if the enemy attacks. But maybe the enemy won't attack because they don't have troops nearby? Pamplona has 6 archer, 4 knight. They could attack Huesca. But they might also move elsewhere.

We could send Huesca's troops to Zaragoza to reinforce Zaragoza, and then abandon Huesca? But that would lose Huesca. Not good.

Maybe we should send all Huesca troops to Zaragoza, and then Zaragoza can defend? But Huesca would be empty and enemy could conquer it without a fight. That's bad.

We need to accept some risk. Perhaps we should focus on attacking and hope the enemy doesn't attack our weak points.

Let's think about the enemy's perspective. They have 18 villages, we have 6. They are much stronger. They might be spreading out. They just conquered three villages last turn. They might be doing the same this turn. They might attack our border villages to expand.

Which of our villages would they likely attack? Castellon, Zaragoza, Huesca. Zaragoza is strong (defense 68), so maybe they won't. Castellon is weaker (18). Huesca is weakest (13). So they might attack Huesca or Castellon.

If they attack Castellon, we need to have enough defense. Currently Castellon has 7 troops, defense 18. If we send some away, defense drops. If we send 4 spear and 2 archer, leaving 1 spear, defense becomes ~2.5, very weak. So they would likely conquer it. If we instead send only 2 spear and 2 archer? Attack would be 2+4=6 < 7.5, lose. So we can't win Valencia with fewer than 8 attack. So we cannot both attack Valencia and defend Castellon.

What if we don't attack Valencia, and instead use Castellon's troops to attack Teruel? Teruel is 2 turns away for slow troops, but 1 turn for medium/fast? Castellon to Teruel: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So if we send archers (medium), they take 1 turn. If we send knights (fast), 1 turn. But Castellon has no knights. It has spear (slow) and archer (medium). So if we send a mixed army, the slowest determines speed. If we send only archers, they are medium, so 1 turn. Castellon has 2 archers. If we send them to Teruel, attack = 4. Teruel defense 20, we lose. Not good.

So Castellon cannot attack Teruel effectively.

What if we send from Zaragoza to attack Valencia? Zaragoza to Valencia: must go through Teruel (enemy). So they would fight at Teruel first. So not direct.

So Valencia is only easily attacked from Castellon.

Maybe we should not attack Valencia this turn. Instead, we should build up Castellon's troops and defend. Then next turn, we can attack Valencia with more troops, leaving a garrison. But we need to conquer quickly to reach 18.

Let's consider building in Castellon this turn. Castellon has 155 wood, 110 iron. It can build 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron). So next turn it will have 7 existing + 3 knights = 10 troops, plus whatever we don't send. If we don't send any, we can attack next turn with a larger force. But we lose a turn of progress.

Alternatively, we could send some troops from Castellon to attack Valencia, but also send reinforcements from other villages to Castellon for next turn's defense. But as said, if enemy attacks this turn, Castellon falls.

Maybe we can use a different strategy: send all Castellon troops to Valencia, but also send troops from Tarragona to Castellon (1 turn) to reinforce. But Tarragona's troops would arrive next turn. If Castellon is attacked this turn, it falls. If it is not attacked, then next turn it will have reinforcements. So it's a gamble.

We could also send troops from Barcelona to Tarragona, and Tarragona to Castellon, but that's 2 turns.

Let's assess the likelihood of enemy attacking Castellon. The enemy has Teruel (13) and Valencia (16) adjacent to Castellon. Teruel has 1 spear, 5 archer, 2 knight. Valencia has 2 archers. They could combine? But they are separate villages. The enemy can only send from one village at a time to attack. They could send from Teruel to Castellon (1 turn for medium/fast, 2 for slow). They have 8 troops there. If they send all, they could take Castellon if we leave only 1 spear. So it's a real threat.

But maybe the enemy will attack somewhere else. They just conquered Madrid, Pamplona, Teruel. They might be moving troops to those new villages to consolidate. They might not attack immediately.

Given the need to expand, we might have to take risks. Let's look at the big numbers: we need 18 villages. We have 6. If we lose one, we go back. So we need to be careful.

Perhaps we should attack a weaker target that doesn't leave our border too weak. What if we attack from Zaragoza to Teruel, and from Girona to Huesca (reinforce), and from Castellon we send only a small force to Valencia, leaving more in Castellon? But we can't win Valencia with a small force. What if we don't attack Valencia at all, and instead use Castellon's troops to attack something else? Castellon can reach Murcia (15) in 2 turns. Murcia last seen had 1 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight (low defense). But we don't know current state. We could send an attack to Murcia, but it takes 2 turns. We would need to send from Castellon. If we send all Castellon troops, they would take 2 turns (if include slow) or 1 turn if only medium? Castellon to Murcia: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So if we send only archers (medium), it takes 1 turn? Actually "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means slow takes 2, medium takes 1, fast takes 1. So if we send only archers, they take 1 turn. But Castellon has only 2 archers. Attack 4, not enough for Murcia (unknown defense, but last seen defense maybe around 10?). Probably not enough.

So Castellon's best attack is Valencia.

Maybe we should not use Castellon for attack this turn. Instead, we should use Zaragoza to attack Teruel, and use Girona to reinforce Huesca, and use Castellon to build up. Then next turn, we can attack Valencia with a larger force from Castellon, while Zaragoza holds Teruel? But we need to conquer Teruel too.

Let's think about a multi-turn plan. Turn 23: Build in all villages. Send from Zaragoza to Teruel (attack). Send from Girona to Huesca (reinforce). Castellon: do nothing (or send some to reinforce each other?).

Turn 24: We conquer Teruel (if we win). Then we have 7 villages. Castellon can attack Valencia with its built troops plus maybe reinforcements from Tarragona. Huesca reinforced.

But we need to consider that the enemy might attack our villages while we are building.

Let's simulate the enemy's possible actions. They have many villages. They could attack Castellon, Huesca, or Zaragoza. If they attack Castellon with troops from Teruel, they might win if we don't have enough. Currently Castellon has 7 troops. If we don't send any, it stays 7. If we build 3 knights, next turn it will have 10. So if they attack this turn, they face 7 troops. Let's compute if Castellon can defend against Teruel's attack. Teruel troops: 1 spear, 5 archer, 2 knight. Attack sum: 1+10+8=19. Most numerous archer (5). Castellon defense: 5 spear (def 10), 2 archer (def 4) = 14. Location bonus x1.25 = 17.5. Effective defense reported as 18. So defense ~18. Attacker most numerous archer, defender most numerous spear (5). Archer counters spear, so attacker gets 1.5x. Attacker effective = 19 * 1.5 = 28.5. Defender effective = 18 (no counter because defender's spear does not counter archer). So attacker wins (28.5 > 18). So even with current troops, Castellon would lose if Teruel attacks with all troops. So Castellon is not safe even if we don't send troops away! That's important. The enemy can defeat Castellon with the troops they have in Teruel. So we need to reinforce Castellon or hope they don't attack.

But wait, the enemy might not have those troops in Teruel anymore. They just conquered Teruel last turn. They might have moved troops there or from there. The garrison we see is the current garrison. It might be the troops that are there now. They could send them to attack. So yes, they have that force.

So Castellon is in danger regardless. If we send troops to Valencia, we weaken Castellon further. If we don't, it's still weak.

What about Zaragoza? Zaragoza has defense 68. Teruel attack on Zaragoza: Teruel troops 19 attack, but Zaragoza defense is high. Let's compute: Zaragoza troops: 6 spear, 8 archer, 13 knight. Defense sum: spear 12, archer 16, knight 26 = 54. Location bonus: village x1.25 = 67.5, matches 68. Attacker from Teruel: 1 spear, 5 archer, 2 knight. Attack 19. Most numerous archer. Defender most numerous: knight (13) vs archer (8) -> knight. Knight counters archer? Actually knight counters archer, so defender gets counter? Wait, counter is for the side that has the counter. If defender's most numerous is knight and attacker's most numerous is archer, knight counters archer, so defender gets 1.5x. So defender effective = 67.5 * 1.5 = 101.25. Attacker effective = 19 (no counter because archer does not counter knight). So defender wins easily. So Zaragoza is safe.

Huesca: defense 13. Attacked from Pamplona (6 archer, 4 knight): attack 28, most numerous archer. Huesca defense: 3 spear, 2 archer = defense 10, effective 12.5. Attacker gets counter (archer vs spear), so attack effective = 28*1.5=42. Defender loses. So Huesca is very vulnerable.

So our most vulnerable villages are Huesca and Castellon. Zaragoza is safe. Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona are interior and likely safe for now.

Therefore, we should prioritize reinforcing Huesca and Castellon. But we also need to expand. How can we expand while defending?

We could send troops from Girona to Huesca (1 turn) to reinforce. That will help next turn. But this turn, Huesca is still vulnerable. We could also send troops from Zaragoza to Huesca (1 turn). Zaragoza has many troops. If we send, say, 5 knights to Huesca, they arrive next turn. But this turn, Huesca still has only its own troops. So if Pamplona attacks this turn, Huesca falls. So we need to deter the attack or hope they don't attack.

Maybe we can send a threatening attack to Pamplona so that the enemy has to defend instead of attack. But our attacks are simultaneous; we can't stop their attack by attacking them unless we conquer their village, which would remove their ability to attack from there. But if we attack Pamplona this turn, we might conquer it, and then they can't attack Huesca from there. That could be a good strategy: attack Pamplona from Huesca or Zaragoza to eliminate the threat to Huesca.

Let's consider attacking Pamplona. Pamplona has defense 25, garrison 6 archer, 4 knight. We could attack from Zaragoza with knights. As computed, 5 knights from Zaragoza would win (effective 30 > 25). But Zaragoza to Pamplona takes 1 turn for fast troops. So if we send 5 knights from Zaragoza to Pamplona, they arrive next turn and conquer it. That would eliminate the threat to Huesca from that direction. Also, conquering Pamplona gives us a village, and it connects to Burgos, etc.

But we also need to consider that if we send 5 knights from Zaragoza to Pamplona, Zaragoza's strength reduces. But Zaragoza is safe anyway. And we can build more.

What about Teruel? Teruel is a threat to Castellon. We could attack Teruel from Zaragoza to eliminate that threat. We could send 6 knights to Teruel as planned. That would conquer Teruel, removing the threat to Castellon from that side. Then Castellon would be safe from Teruel. However, Valencia is still an enemy village adjacent to Castellon. Valencia has only 2 archers, so it's a minor threat. But they could attack Castellon from Valencia too. But with only 2 archers, attack = 4, which is small. Castellon could defend against that.

So if we conquer Teruel, the main threat to Castellon is removed. Then Castellon can be safe with a small garrison.

So a possible plan: Attack Teruel from Zaragoza (to remove threat to Castellon). Attack Pamplona from Zaragoza? But we can't send two attacks from Zaragoza with the same troops. We have to split. We could send some to Teruel and some to Pamplona. But we need to win both. Let's see if we have enough in Zaragoza to send to both. Zaragoza has 27 troops. We could send 6 knights to Teruel and 5 knights to Pamplona, total 11 knights. That leaves 2 knights in Zaragoza, plus spear and archers. That might be okay. But we also need to consider that we can only send one movement per village? The rules don't say we can't send multiple armies from the same village, but they would march at the same time? The orders are simultaneous, so we can order multiple movements from the same village? The JSON format allows multiple movements, each with fromId. So we could send multiple groups from the same village. But they would all depart at the same time. That's allowed. However, we need to ensure we don't send more troops than available. So we can split Zaragoza's troops into two armies: one to Teruel, one to Pamplona.

But we need to compute if we have enough to win both. For Teruel: 6 knights as before, win. For Pamplona: 5 knights, win. So total 11 knights. Zaragoza has 13 knights, so we can send 11, leaving 2. We also have spear and archers, but we might want to keep them for defense. So we can send 6 knights to Teruel, 5 knights to Pamplona. That uses 11 knights. Zaragoza still has 6 spear, 8 archer, 2 knight. That's fine.

But wait, travel times: Zaragoza to Teruel is 1 turn (fast). Zaragoza to Pamplona is 1 turn (fast). So both arrive next turn. So next turn we would conquer both Teruel and Pamplona. That would give us 8 villages (we gain Teruel and Pamplona, lose none). And we remove threats to Castellon and Huesca. That's great!

But what about Valencia? We can attack Valencia later from Castellon once we have more troops.

What about Huesca? It's still vulnerable this turn. But if we conquer Pamplona this turn, the enemy in Pamplona is eliminated, so they can't attack Huesca from there. However, the attack on Pamplona and the enemy's possible attack on Huesca are simultaneous. If the enemy sends troops from Pamplona to attack Huesca this turn, they would march and fight Huesca. Meanwhile, our troops are marching to Pamplona. The enemy's troops would leave Pamplona, so Pamplona's garrison would be reduced. But we don't know if they will do that. They might just defend Pamplona. If they send troops away, Pamplona's defense drops, making our attack easier. If they keep troops, our attack might face more resistance. But we are sending 5 knights, which should be enough even if they have the full garrison.

But we need to consider that the enemy might also attack our villages. If they attack Huesca, we might lose it. To prevent that, we could also send troops from Huesca to somewhere? Or we could reinforce Huesca from Girona. But as we said, reinforcements arrive next turn. If the enemy attacks Huesca this turn, we lose it. So maybe we should send Huesca's troops to Zaragoza to save them, but then Huesca is empty and will be conquered without a fight. That's worse.

Perhaps we can send a portion of Huesca's troops to attack something that forces the enemy to defend instead of attacking. But we can't control the enemy.

Another idea: Attack Pamplona from Huesca? Huesca to Pamplona is 1 turn. Huesca has 3 spear, 2 archer. Attack on Pamplona: we computed Huesca's force is too weak. So no.

What if we send troops from Girona to Huesca, and also send Huesca's troops to Girona? That's just shuffling.

Maybe we should accept that Huesca might fall. If we conquer Pamplona and Teruel, we gain 2 villages. If we lose Huesca, we net +1. But we need to gain 12. So we can't afford to lose many.

But maybe the enemy won't attack Huesca because they are busy defending Pamplona and Teruel. The enemy has to decide where to send their troops. They might not attack if they think we are attacking them. Since our attacks are simultaneous, they don't know we are attacking until it happens. They might just build or move to other places.

Let's think about the enemy's last moves: they attacked Madrid, Pamplona, Teruel. So they are aggressive. They might continue attacking. They might attack our border villages. But they might also attack each other? No, they are all King A.

Given the uncertainty, we need to make a decision. I think the best plan is to attack Teruel and Pamplona from Zaragoza to eliminate the threats and gain villages. We should also build in all our villages to increase strength. We should send reinforcements from Girona to Huesca to help it next turn. We should not attack Valencia from Castellon this turn because it would weaken Castellon too much, and we want Castellon to be safe after we remove Teruel. Actually, after we conquer Teruel, Castellon's border with Teruel becomes ours, so Castellon is no longer a border with enemy? It will still border Valencia (enemy). But Teruel will be ours, so the threat from Teruel is gone. Castellon can then focus on Valencia later.

So let's refine:

Movements:
- From Zaragoza (17) to Teruel (13): 6 knights.
- From Zaragoza (17) to Pamplona (19): 5 knights.
- From Girona (23) to Huesca (20): 3 knights (reinforce).
- Maybe also from Tarragona (21) to Castellon (18): 2 spear, 1 knight (reinforce). But Tarragona's troops would take 1 turn. That would help Castellon next turn. But we need to decide if we want to empty Tarragona. We could instead build in Tarragona and keep troops.

Let's consider Castellon's situation. If we don't send any from Castellon, it keeps 7 troops. After we conquer Teruel, the threat from Teruel is gone. But Valencia is still there. Valencia has 2 archers. They could attack Castellon. Attack 4, defense 18, so they would lose. So Castellon is safe from Valencia. So we don't need to reinforce Castellon immediately. We can leave it as is. But we might want to build in Castellon to increase its strength.

So maybe we don't send from Tarragona to Castellon. Instead, we keep Tarragona's troops for defense of the interior, and build there.

What about Barcelona? It's interior, safe.

Now, Huesca: we send 3 knights from Girona to Huesca. That will arrive next turn. This turn, Huesca has 3 spear, 2 archer. If enemy attacks from Pamplona, we lose. But if we conquer Pamplona this turn, the enemy in Pamplona will be fighting our attack (if they stay) or might have left. If they stay, our attack on Pamplona will engage their troops. The enemy's Pamplona garrison will fight our knights. The enemy cannot both attack Huesca and defend Pamplona with the same troops? They can send some troops to attack Huesca, leaving the rest to defend Pamplona. So they could split. But if they send troops to Huesca, Pamplona's defense weakens, making our attack easier. If they keep all to defend, they can't attack Huesca. So by attacking Pamplona, we force the enemy to choose. That might protect Huesca.

So attacking Pamplona is a good way to defend Huesca.

Now, what about our own troops? We are sending 11 knights from Zaragoza, leaving 2 knights, plus 6 spear, 8 archer. That's still a good force. We also build 3 knights in Zaragoza, so next turn it will have 5 knights, 6 spear, 8 archer. So Zaragoza remains strong.

We should also build in other villages. Let's decide builds:

- Zaragoza: build 3 knights. (Cost 90 wood, 90 iron)
- Barcelona: build 3 knights. (90 wood, 90 iron)
- Tarragona: build 2 knights. (60 wood, 60 iron)
- Girona: build 3 knights. (90 wood, 90 iron) - but we send 3 knights, so net change: Girona starts with 5 knights, sends 3, builds 3, ends with 5 knights. So no net change in knights, but we also have 4 spear. So Girona will have 4 spear, 5 knight.
- Castellon: build 3 knights. (90 wood, 90 iron) - Castellon keeps its 7 troops, plus 3 new knights, so next turn 10 troops.
- Huesca: build 2 knights. (60 wood, 60 iron) - Huesca starts with 3 spear, 2 archer, 0 knight. Receives 3 knights from Girona, builds 2 knights, so next turn: 3 spear, 2 archer, 5 knight.

But we need to check resources for Huesca: wood 150, iron 100. Build 2 knights uses 60 wood, 60 iron. OK.

Now, we also need to consider that we might want to build spearman or archers to counter enemy knights? But we are building knights, which are strong.

Let's also consider building in Castellon: we could build archers instead of knights to save iron? But we have enough iron.

Now, let's write the plan and statement.

Plan: We are attacking Teruel and Pamplona to eliminate threats and gain villages. We are reinforcing Huesca and building up our forces. We are not attacking Valencia yet to preserve Castellona's strength.

But wait, we need to specify the exact troops for movements. We said from Zaragoza to Teruel: 6 knights. From Zaragoza to Pamplona: 5 knights. That's 11 knights. Zaragoza has 13 knights, so we can do that. We also need to consider if we should send any spear or archers with them? Sending only knights is fine, but we might want to include some spear to counter enemy knights? Actually, if we send only knights, our most numerous is knight. Enemy at Teruel has 2 knights, 5 archer, 1 spear. Most numerous archer. Knight counters archer, so we get bonus. At Pamplona, enemy has 6 archer, 4 knight. Most numerous archer. Knight counters archer, bonus. So knights are good. We could also send some spear to add attack, but they would slow down the army (since mixed army moves at slowest). If we send only knights, they are fast, so 1 turn. If we add spear, they become slow, taking 2 turns? Actually Zaragoza to Teruel: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns. So if we include slow troops, it takes 2 turns? The report says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" meaning slow takes 1 turn? Wait, it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means it takes 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast. So all take 1 turn. So we can mix without slowing down. Actually, that's the travel time: it takes 1 turn for a slow troop, 1 for medium, 1 for fast. So they all arrive in 1 turn. So we can mix without delay. So we could add spear or archers if we want. But we might want to keep them in Zaragoza for defense.

Let's check Zaragoza's available troops: 6 spear, 8 archer, 13 knight. We plan to send 11 knights, leaving 2 knights, 6 spear, 8 archer. That's a balanced defense. We could send some spear or archers with the knights to increase attack power, but we might need them for defense. Since we are building more knights, we can afford to send more knights. But we only have 13, so sending 11 is fine.

We could also send from Zaragoza to Teruel a mixed force: e.g., 4 knights and some archers? But we want to ensure victory. Let's compute if we send 6 knights to Teruel: attack 24, counter 1.5 = 36, defense 20, win. If we send 5 knights: attack 20, counter 1.5 = 30, still >20. So 5 knights is enough. So we could send 5 to Teruel and 5 to Pamplona, total 10. That leaves 3 knights. Let's do that to be safer.

For Pamplona: 5 knights: attack 20, counter 1.5 = 30, defense 25, win. So 5 each is enough.

So we can send 5 knights to Teruel, 5 knights to Pamplona. That uses 10 knights, leaves 3.

Now, what about Girona to Huesca: we send 3 knights. Girona has 5 knights, so leaves 2.

Now, builds: we need to specify builds for each village. We have 6 villages.

Let's list builds:

- Barcelona: build 3 knights.
- Tarragona: build 2 knights.
- Girona: build 3 knights (to replace sent ones).
- Castellon: build 3 knights.
- Zaragoza: build 3 knights.
- Huesca: build 2 knights.

But we also might want to build spearman or archers in some places for cheaper defense. However, knights are better for attack. We have plenty of wood and iron? Let's check total iron consumption: 
Barcelona: 90 iron
Tarragona: 60 iron
Girona: 90 iron
Castellon: 90 iron
Zaragoza: 90 iron
Huesca: 60 iron
Total iron: 480. We have total iron stock: Barcelona 110, Tarragona 100, Girona 100, Castellon 110, Zaragoza 100, Huesca 100 = 620. So we use 480, leaving 140. That's fine. Wood: total 155+155+155+155+150+150 = 920. Total wood used: 90+60+90+90+90+60 = 480. So we have plenty.

But we must ensure each village has enough. We already checked individually.

Now, we also need to consider that we are sending troops from Zaragoza and Girona. Those troops will not be available for defense this turn. But that's okay.

Now, let's think about the enemy's capital. Not needed.

Now, let's write the plan note: "We are attacking Teruel and Pamplona with knights from Zaragoza to eliminate border threats and gain villages. We reinforce Huesca with knights from Girona. We build knights in all villages to rebuild forces. We do not attack Valencia yet to keep Castellon strong."

Statement: "Our armies strike at Teruel and Pamplona, aiming to crush the enemy's forward positions and secure our borders. Meanwhile, our other villages build up their might."

We need to output JSON.

Let's format the movements and builds.

Movements:
1. from 17 to 13: {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 5}
2. from 17 to 19: {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 5}
3. from 23 to 20: {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 3}

Builds:
- {"villageId": 22, "type": "knight", "quantity": 3} (Barcelona)
- {"villageId": 21, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2} (Tarragona)
- {"villageId": 23, "type": "knight", "quantity": 3} (Girona)
- {"villageId": 18, "type": "knight", "quantity": 3} (Castellon)
- {"villageId": 17, "type": "knight", "quantity": 3} (Zaragoza)
- {"villageId": 20, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2} (Huesca)

But wait, we also need to consider that we might want to build in Castellon something else? No.

Now, check if we need to send any troops from Castellon? We decided not to, to keep its defense.

But what about the fact that we are not attacking Valencia? We might want to attack it to gain a village. But we decided to wait.

Let's double-check the travel times for Zaragoza to Teruel and Pamplona. The report says from Zaragoza to nearest border village [20] Huesca: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns. But it doesn't list Teruel or Pamplona. However, from the network, Zaragoza connects directly to [13] Teruel and [19] Pamplona. So they are likely 1 turn as well. The report for Castellon says from Castellon to [13] Teruel: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns. So Teruel is 2 turns from Castellon, but from Zaragoza it's probably 1 turn. Similarly, Pamplona from Zaragoza: the report for Zaragoza doesn't list it, but from Huesca to Pamplona is 1 turn, and Zaragoza to Huesca is 1 turn, so Zaragoza to Pamplona might be 2 turns? Wait, network: Zaragoza (17) connects to [19] Pamplona directly? Look: [17] Zaragoza: [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]. Yes, it connects to [19] Pamplona directly. So it's a direct road. So travel time should be 1 turn for all speeds? The report for Zaragoza says "from here to your nearest border village [20] Huesca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That suggests that to Huesca it's 1 turn. To Pamplona, it's also a border village? Actually Pamplona is enemy, so it's a border. So likely also 1 turn. But we can't be sure. However, the report for Pamplona says "march from [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". Wait, check the report: under "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE", for [19] Pamplona, it says "march from [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So it explicitly says 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So from Zaragoza to Pamplona, slow troops take 2 turns, medium 1, fast 1. So if we send knights (fast), they take 1 turn. So that's fine. For Teruel, under [13] Teruel, it says "march from [18] Castellon: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". It doesn't list from Zaragoza. But since Zaragoza connects directly to Teruel, it might be similar. We can assume 1 turn for fast. But to be safe, we should check if there's any mention. The report for Zaragoza doesn't list Teruel. But we can infer from the network: Zaragoza to Teruel is one road, so likely 1 turn. However, the report for Teruel says "march from [18] Castellon: 2 slow...", implying that from Castellon it's 2 turns. From Zaragoza, it might be 1 turn. We'll assume 1 turn for knights.

But what if it's 2 turns for slow? We are sending knights, so fast, so 1 turn. So it's fine.

Now, we need to ensure that the enemy doesn't have a fortress that would block our march. The rules say armies stop at the first village on the path that is not yours. So from Zaragoza to Teruel, the path is direct? Zaragoza connects to Teruel directly. So they will arrive at Teruel and fight. No intermediate villages. So good.

From Zaragoza to Pamplona: direct, good.

From Girona to Huesca: Girona connects to Huesca directly? Network: [23] Girona: [20], [22]. So yes, direct. So 1 turn.

Now, we also need to consider that we might want to send troops from Tarragona to somewhere. Tarragona connects to [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [22] Barcelona. We could send to Zaragoza to reinforce, but Zaragoza is already strong. Or to Castellon. But we decided not to.

Let's think about the enemy's possible attack on Castellon from Valencia. Valencia has 2 archers. If they attack Castellon, they have attack 4. Castellon defense 18, so they lose. So no threat.

What about from Teruel? We are attacking Teruel, so their troops will be busy.

Now, let's consider the possibility that the enemy might attack Zaragoza from Madrid or Teruel. Madrid has 2 spear, 11 archer, 11 knight (defense 60). If they attack Zaragoza, they would likely lose because Zaragoza is strong. So Zaragoza is safe.

Now, what about our new conquests? After we conquer Teruel and Pamplona, we will have 8 villages. We need to hold them for 2 consecutive turns to win? Actually the win condition is hold at least 18 for 2 consecutive turns. We will have 8, so not yet. We need to keep expanding.

But this is a good start.

Now, let's write the JSON. We need to be careful with the format.

The build array can have multiple entries. The movements array similarly.

We should also consider if we need to send any troops to reinforce our newly conquered villages after we take them? Not this turn; we can do that later.

Now, let's produce the final answer.

But wait, we need to include the "plan" and "statement" fields.

Plan: "We are launching a double attack from Zaragoza: 5 knights to Teruel and 5 knights to Pamplona, aiming to conquer both and eliminate border threats. We send 3 knights from Girona to Huesca to reinforce it. We build knights in all six villages to rebuild our forces. We refrain from attacking Valencia to keep Castellon's defense up."

Statement: "Our mighty knights surge from Zaragoza to crush Teruel and Pamplona, while Huesca receives reinforcements. Our villages teem with new troops as we prepare for further conquest."

Now, let's double-check the numbers.

Zaragoza available troops: 6 spear, 8 archer, 13 knight. We send 5 knight to Teruel, 5 knight to Pamplona. That's 10 knights. So Zaragoza will have 6 spear, 8 archer, 3 knight left. Then we build 3 knights, so next turn it will have 6 spear, 8 archer, 6 knight. Good.

Girona: 4 spear, 0 archer, 5 knight. Send 3 knight to Huesca, leaving 4 spear, 2 knight. Build 3 knights -> 4 spear, 5 knight. Good.

Huesca: initially 3 spear, 2 archer, 0 knight. Receives 3 knight from Girona (arrive next turn), builds 2 knights (ready next turn). So next turn: 3 spear, 2 archer, 5 knight. Good.

Castellon: 5 spear, 2 archer, 0 knight. Build 3 knights -> 5 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight. Good.

Tarragona: 2 spear, 0 archer, 1 knight. Build 2 knights -> 2 spear, 3 knight. Good.

Barcelona: 6 spear, 1 archer, 4 knight. Build 3 knights -> 6 spear, 1 archer, 7 knight. Good.

All good.

Now, we need to ensure that the builds are valid: each village can build multiple units? The rules say "Cap per village: when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building". Our numbers are well below 300. Also, resources are sufficient.

One more thing: we are building knights in all villages. But knights cost 30 wood, 30 iron. We have enough. However, we need to check if any village has less than 30 iron? Huesca has 100 iron, so building 2 knights uses 60, leaves 40. OK. Zaragoza has 100 iron, building 3 uses 90, leaves 10. OK. Girona has 100 iron, building 3 uses 90, leaves 10. OK. Tarragona has 100 iron, building 2 uses 60, leaves 40. OK. Castellon has 110 iron, building 3 uses 90, leaves 20. OK. Barcelona has 110 iron, building 3 uses 90, leaves 20. OK.

Wood: all have at least 60 wood. OK.

Now, let's write the JSON.

We need to use the exact village IDs: 
Barcelona 22, Tarragona 21, Girona 23, Castellon 18, Zaragoza 17, Huesca 20.
Enemy: Teruel 13, Pamplona 19.

So movements:
{"fromId": 17, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 5}}
{"fromId": 17, "toId": 19, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 5}}
{"fromId": 23, "toId": 20, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 3}}

Builds:
{"villageId": 22, "type": "knight", "quantity": 3}
{"villageId": 21, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2}
{"villageId": 23, "type": "knight", "quantity": 3}
{"villageId": 18, "type": "knight", "quantity": 3}
{"villageId": 17, "type": "knight", "quantity": 3}
{"villageId": 20, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2}

We could also consider building spearman in some villages for cheaper cost, but knights are better.

Now, let's produce the final JSON.

But wait, we need to consider that the enemy might have more troops in Teruel and Pamplona than we see? The report says "garrison: ..." for each. That is the current garrison. They might have reinforcements on the way? But we don't see any armies on the march. So we assume those are the troops.

Also, we need to consider that when we attack, the enemy might have sent troops away last turn. But the report is from turn 23, so it's the state at the start of turn 23. The enemy's orders for turn 23 are simultaneous with ours. So they might send troops from Teruel or Pamplona this turn. If they send them away, the defense will be lower, making our attack easier. If they keep them, we fight. Either way, we should win.

Now, let's think about the possibility that the enemy might attack our villages with reinforcements from other places. But we can't predict.

I think this is a solid plan.

Let's write the plan and statement.

Plan: "We attack Teruel and Pamplona with knights from Zaragoza to conquer them and remove threats to Castellon and Huesca. We send knights from Girona to reinforce Huesca. We build knights in all villages to rebuild our forces. We do not attack Valencia yet to keep Castellon's defense."

Statement: "Our knights strike from Zaragoza to take Teruel and Pamplona, while Huesca gets reinforcements. Our villages bustle with building as we grow our might."

Now, format as JSON.

We need to ensure the JSON is valid. No trailing commas.

Let's produce it.

ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"cavaleiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":17,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":5}},{"origemId":17,"destinoId":19,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":5}},{"origemId":23,"destinoId":20,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":3}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [18]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [18]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [18]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [17]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [17]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [17]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [20]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [20]
ACEITO envio [17]->[13]: 5K
ACEITO envio [17]->[19]: 5K
ACEITO envio [23]->[20]: 3K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): We attack Teruel and Pamplona with knights from Zaragoza to conquer them and remove threats to Castellon and Huesca. We send knights from Girona to reinforce Huesca. We build knights in all villages to rebuild our forces. We do not attack Valencia yet to keep Castellon's defense.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): Our knights strike from Zaragoza to take Teruel and Pamplona, while Huesca gets reinforcements. Our villages bustle with building as we grow our might.
COMBATE [12] Madrid: atacante A Fatk=74 (ef 111) Fdef=10 (ef 13) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~4
COMBATE [19] Pamplona: atacante A Fatk=28 (ef 42) Fdef=4 (ef 5) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~2
COMBATE [13] Teruel: atacante A Fatk=27 (ef 41) Fdef=14 (ef 18) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~6
REFORCO [8] Toledo dono A: 1S+3A+4K
REFORCO [14] Burgos dono A: 2S+2A
REFORCO [7] Salamanca dono A: 1S+4A+1K
placar: A 18 ald/tropas 141 | B 6 ald/tropas 49 | neutras 0 | transito 3 (A 0 | B 3)

########## TURNO 24 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3517 | resposta 10285 | raciocinio 10285 | finish content_filter | ms 123470
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: We need to analyze the situation. King A currently holds 16 of 24 villages. To win, need to hold at least 18 of 24 for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.

We have 16 villages, but some are interior, some border. Enemy villages visible: [13] Teruel (enemy, garrison 3 knights), [17] Zaragoza (enemy, garrison 6 spearmen, 8 archers, 6 knights), [18] Castellon (enemy, garrison 5 spearmen, 2 archers, 3 knights), [19] Pamplona (enemy, garrison 3 knights). Also known from before: [20] Huesca (enemy, last seen 3 spearmen, 2 archers), [21] Tarragona (enemy, last seen 7 spearmen, 2 archers, 8 knights). Enemy capital [22] Barcelona unknown, [23] Girona unknown.

We need to capture more villages. We need 2 more to reach 18. But we also need to hold them for 2 consecutive turns. So we need to attack and capture enemy villages, then hold them.

We have many troops at home. Let's assess resources and troops.

We have 123 soldiers at home: 7 spearman, 75 archer, 41 knight. But many are in various villages. Let's list each village's available troops and resources.

Villages:
[0] Lisboa: wood 70, iron 50, troops: 8 (0 spear, 4 archer, 4 knight). Effective defense 24.
[1] Santarem: wood 70, iron 40, troops: 11 (0 spear, 8 archer, 3 knight). Defense 28.
[2] Evora: wood 70, iron 40, troops: 8 (0 spear, 4 archer, 4 knight). Defense 20.
[3] Coimbra: wood 70, iron 50, troops: 10 (0 spear, 8 archer, 2 knight). Defense 25.
[4] Badajoz: wood 70, iron 40, troops: 4 (0 spear, 1 archer, 3 knight). Defense 10.
[5] Faro: wood 75, iron 50, troops: 16 (0 spear, 13 archer, 3 knight). Defense 40.
[6] Porto: wood 75, iron 50, troops: 1 (0 spear, 1 archer, 0 knight). Defense 3.
[7] Salamanca: wood 70, iron 70, troops: 8 (1 spear, 4 archer, 3 knight). Defense 20.
[8] Toledo: wood 60, iron 50, troops: 14 (2 spear, 7 archer, 5 knight). Defense 35. Border with [13] Teruel.
[10] Vigo: wood 70, iron 50, troops: 1 (0 spear, 1 archer, 0 knight). Defense 3.
[9] Sevilha: wood 70, iron 50, troops: 3 (0 spear, 3 archer, 0 knight). Defense 8.
[11] Cordoba: wood 60, iron 40, troops: 1 (0 spear, 0 archer, 1 knight). Defense 3.
[12] Madrid: wood 220, iron 140, troops: 24 (2 spear, 11 archer, 11 knight). Defense 60. Border with [17] Zaragoza.
[14] Burgos: wood 60, iron 110, troops: 10 (2 spear, 7 archer, 1 knight). Defense 25. Border with [19] Pamplona.
[16] Valencia: wood 60, iron 50, troops: 2 (0 spear, 2 archer, 0 knight). Defense 5. Border with [13], [18].
[15] Murcia: wood 80, iron 50, troops: 2 (0 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight). Defense 5.

We need to build more troops. Resources per village: each produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. But we have stockpiles. We can build troops at each village, but cap is 300 troops per village. Most villages have low troops, so we can build.

We need to decide which villages to send troops from. We need to attack enemy villages. The easiest targets: [13] Teruel (3 knights, defense 8), [19] Pamplona (3 knights, defense 8), [18] Castellon (5 spearmen, 2 archers, 3 knights, defense 25), [17] Zaragoza (6 spearmen, 8 archers, 6 knights, defense 50). Also [20] Huesca (3 spearmen, 2 archers, defense unknown but last seen), [21] Tarragona (7 spearmen, 2 archers, 8 knights, defense unknown). Capital Barcelona unknown.

We need to capture 2 villages to reach 18. But we must hold them for 2 consecutive turns. So we need to capture one, then next turn capture another, but we need to hold the first for at least 2 turns after capture. Actually "hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns". So if we capture one now, we'll have 17. Then next turn capture another, we'll have 18. But we need to hold 18 for 2 consecutive turns. That means after capturing the second, we need to hold it for at least one more turn? Actually "for 2 consecutive turns" means we must have 18 villages at the start of two consecutive turns? Or we must hold them for two turns in a row. Typically in these games, you need to control 18 villages at the end of two consecutive turns. So if we capture one now, we have 17. Next turn we capture another, we have 18 at the end of that turn. Then we need to hold 18 for one more turn (the next turn) to satisfy 2 consecutive turns. So we need to capture two villages in quick succession and then hold.

Alternatively, we could capture two villages this turn if we can attack two different places simultaneously. But we can only send armies from our villages. We have many villages near borders. We can send from multiple villages to attack different targets. But note: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if we send from multiple villages to the same target, they fight separately. But we can send to different targets.

We need to decide which targets to attack. The easiest are Teruel and Pamplona, both with 3 knights and low defense. But we need to send troops that can defeat them. Let's calculate combat.

Combat rules: When attacking, we count our troops' ATTACK; defender counts DEFENSE. Counter triangle: spearman counters knight (x1.5), archer counters spearman (x1.5), knight counters archer (x1.5). The most numerous type sets the counter matchup. Ties break in order spearman, archer, knight.

Defending: defense counts x1.25 in village, x1.5 in castle. The effective defense given already includes location bonus. So we use the effective defense directly.

We need to compute our attack power. We send troops from a village. The attack power is sum of attack values of troops sent, possibly multiplied by counter if applicable. But the counter is determined by the most numerous type in our attacking force. If we send a mixed force, the most numerous type sets the counter. If we send all knights, they have attack 4 each, but they are countered by spearman if defender has many spearmen? Actually the counter triangle applies to the attacker's most numerous type vs defender's most numerous type? The rule: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counts knight; archer counts spearman; knight counts archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It says "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So both attacker and defender have a most numerous type. If attacker's most numerous type counters defender's most numerous type, attacker's force is multiplied by 1.5. If defender's most numerous type counters attacker's, defender gets x1.5? Actually it says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So only the side that has the counter gets the multiplier. But what if both have counter? Probably only one gets it? The rule: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counts spearman; knight counts archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't specify if both can have it. Typically in such games, only the attacker gets the bonus if they have the counter, or maybe both? But it says "your force" meaning the attacker's force. So if attacker's most numerous type counters defender's most numerous type, attacker's attack is multiplied by 1.5. If defender's most numerous type counters attacker's, defender's defense is multiplied? But the defense already includes location bonus. The rule says "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again." So the effective defense is the final defense value after location bonus. But what about counter? Does counter apply to defense? The rule says "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs." Then "Counter triangle... Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It seems the counter only applies to the attacker's force. So if attacker's most numerous type counters defender's most numerous type, attacker's attack is multiplied by 1.5. If not, no multiplier. But what if defender's most numerous type counters attacker's? Does defender get a multiplier? The rule doesn't say. It only says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." Since it's from the attacker's perspective, maybe only attacker can get the counter bonus. But then what about defender's counter? It might be that the defender does not get a counter bonus; only the attacker does if they have the right composition. That seems plausible.

Let's read carefully: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counts spearman; knight counts archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5. The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." It says "each army", so both attacker and defender have a most numerous type. "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So if your most numerous type counters their most numerous type, your force gets x1.5. If their most numerous type counters your most numerous type, do they get x1.5? It doesn't say. It might be that only the attacker can get the bonus because it's "your force" when you attack. But if you defend, you might also get it? The rules are for combat, and it says "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs." Then it describes counter. It might be that the counter applies to the attacker's attack if they have the counter. The defender's defense is just defense. But then what is the purpose of the defender's most numerous type? It is used to determine if attacker gets the counter. So defender's composition matters only to see if attacker gets bonus. That seems asymmetric but possible.

Let's check the example: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER." So effective force = attack (with possible x1.5) vs defense (with location bonus already included). So if attacker has counter, their attack is multiplied by 1.5. If not, it's just sum of attacks.

Now, we need to calculate if we can defeat the enemy villages.

Target [13] Teruel: garrison 3 knights. Effective defense 8. The defender's most numerous type is knight (3 knights). If we attack with spearmen, our most numerous type spearman counters knight, so we get x1.5. If we attack with archers, archer counts spearman? But defender has no spearmen, so archer does not counter knight. Knight counters archer, so if we send knights, our most numerous knight is countered by defender's knight? Actually knight does not counter knight; knight counters archer. So if both have knights, no counter. So to get the bonus, we should send spearmen. But we have few spearmen (total 7 across all villages). We can send spearmen from villages that have them: [7] Salamanca has 1 spearman, [8] Toledo has 2, [12] Madrid has 2, [14] Burgos has 2. We can send a stack of spearmen. But spearmen have attack 1, defense 2. If we send, say, 3 spearmen, attack = 3 * 1 = 3. With counter x1.5 = 4.5. Defender defense is 8. So 4.5 vs 8, we lose. We need more attack. We can include other troops. But the most numerous type sets the counter. If we send 3 spearmen and 1 archer, most numerous is spearman (3 vs 1), so counter applies (spearman vs knight), so our total attack = (3*1 + 1*2) = 5, x1.5 = 7.5. Still less than 8. If we send 4 spearmen and 1 archer: attack = 4*1+2=6, x1.5=9. That beats 8. But we need to have 4 spearmen available. We have only 7 total spearmen. We can gather them. But we also need to consider travel time and that the enemy might reinforce.

Alternatively, we can attack with knights. If we send knights, no counter (since knight does not counter knight). Attack = 4 per knight. To beat defense 8, we need at least 3 knights (12 attack) because 2 knights = 8, tie favors defender. So we need 3 knights. Many villages have knights. For example, [8] Toledo has 5 knights, [12] Madrid has 11, etc. Sending 3 knights from Toledo would give attack 12 > 8, win. But we must consider losses. The winner takes losses against the loser's effective force. So if we attack with 3 knights, our attack 12, defense 8, we win but suffer losses proportional to defender's attack? Actually "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So our troops will suffer losses equal to some fraction of the defender's effective force? It's not specified exactly, but we can assume some casualties. But we can afford some.

But we also need to consider that the enemy might send reinforcements. Since orders are simultaneous, the enemy might send troops to Teruel from other villages. But we don't know their orders. We have to assume they might reinforce. However, we see the current garrison. If we attack now, we fight the current garrison plus any reinforcements that arrive at the same time? Actually "The enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." So the enemy sees the same snapshot. They might send troops to Teruel from other villages, but those troops would arrive at the same time as our attack? The movement rules: armies march along roads, travel time. If we send from a nearby village, we might arrive in 1 turn (fast). If they send from a distant village, it might take multiple turns. Since we are on turn 24, if we send from Toledo to Teruel: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". Wait, that's from Lisboa to Toledo. For Toledo to Teruel: we need to check road network. [8] Toledo connects to [13] Teruel. The report says for Toledo: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: ..." Actually that's from other villages to Toledo. For Toledo to Teruel, we need to see the march distance from Toledo to Teruel. The report doesn't directly give distances between all pairs, but we can infer from the road network. The "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" section gives march distances from our villages to those enemy villages. For [13] Teruel, it says "march from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". Also from [8] Toledo? It doesn't list Toledo, but Toledo is connected to Teruel via road: [8] Toledo - [13] Teruel. The distance is probably 1 turn for fast, maybe 1 or 2 for slow. Since Valencia is 1 fast turn, Toledo might be similar. Let's check the road network: [8] Toledo connects to [13] Teruel directly. So march from Toledo to Teruel is likely 1 turn for fast troops, maybe 1 slow? Actually the report gives distances in slow/medium/fast turns. For Valencia to Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. That means it takes 1 turn regardless of speed. So it's a 1-turn march. Toledo to Teruel is also directly connected, so likely also 1 turn. So we can attack from Toledo and arrive in 1 turn. Similarly, from Madrid to Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So many border villages are 1 turn away.

If we attack from Toledo with knights, we can arrive next turn. But the enemy might also send reinforcements from other villages to Teruel this turn, and they would arrive at the same time? Actually if both send on turn 24, they arrive on turn 25. The combat happens on arrival. So if enemy sends troops from, say, Zaragoza to Teruel, they might take 1 or 2 turns. If they send from a village 1 turn away, they arrive same time as our attack. So we might face a larger garrison. But we don't know their plans. We have to decide based on current intel.

We need to capture villages. Let's consider which villages to target. We need 2 more. The easiest are Teruel and Pamplona, both with 3 knights, defense 8. But we also have Castellon (defense 25) and Zaragoza (defense 50). Zaragoza is heavily defended. We might want to capture Teruel and Pamplona first.

But we must also consider that we need to hold them for 2 consecutive turns. If we capture Teruel this turn (attack on turn 24, arrive turn 25, combat on turn 25, if we win we occupy it at end of turn 25). Then we have 17 villages. Next turn (turn 26) we can attack Pamplona, arrive turn 27, capture, then we have 18 at end of turn 27. Then we need to hold 18 for turn 28? Actually "hold at least 18 ... for 2 consecutive turns". If we have 18 at end of turn 27, and we still have 18 at end of turn 28, that's two consecutive turns (turn 27 and turn 28). So we need to survive turn 28 without losing any. The enemy might attack back to retake Teruel or Pamplona. So we need to reinforce those villages to defend them.

Alternatively, we could attack two villages this turn simultaneously. We can send armies from multiple villages to two different targets. For example, send from Toledo to Teruel, and from Burgos to Pamplona. Both attacks would arrive on turn 25. If we win both, we'd have 18 villages at end of turn 25. Then we need to hold for turn 26 to satisfy 2 consecutive turns? Actually if we capture both on turn 25, we have 18 at end of turn 25. Then we need to have 18 at end of turn 26 to have two consecutive turns (25 and 26). So we need to defend them on turn 26. That might be easier because we can reinforce from nearby villages on turn 25 after capturing? But we can only send orders on turn 24, and the next turn we can send more. But if we capture on turn 25, we can then on turn 25 send reinforcements to those villages, which would arrive on turn 26 or later. The enemy might attack on turn 25 (their orders) and arrive turn 26. So we need to have enough troops to defend.

Let's plan: Attack Teruel from Toledo, and Pamplona from Burgos. Both are 1 turn away (fast). We need to allocate troops.

First, assess available troops at Toledo and Burgos.

Toledo [8]: troops at home: 14 (2 spear, 7 archer, 5 knight). Resources: wood 60, iron 50. Can build more? We can order builds. But we can also send existing troops. We can send up to the available number. We can also build new troops this turn, but they take 1 turn to build, so they would be ready at the same time as they march? Actually build takes 1 turn, so if we order build on turn 24, they are ready on turn 25, but then they would need to march, which takes additional turns. So if we want to send troops that arrive on turn 25, we must send existing troops or build them and have them march? Actually if we build at a village, they appear at the end of the turn? The rule: "ready in 1 turn." So if we order build on turn 24, they are available on turn 25. Then we could send them on turn 25, arriving turn 26. So they wouldn't help for an attack arriving on turn 25. So we should send existing troops.

We can send from Toledo: up to 2 spear, 7 archer, 5 knight. We need to decide composition. To defeat Teruel (3 knights, defense 8), we can use knights. If we send 3 knights, attack 12 > 8, win. But we might suffer losses. If we send 5 knights, attack 20, overwhelming. But we might want to conserve knights for other tasks. We can also use spearmen for counter bonus. If we send spearmen, we need more. Toledo has 2 spearmen. If we send both and some archers? Let's calculate: send 2 spear, 7 archer, 0 knight. Most numerous: archer (7) vs defender knight. Archer does not counter knight; knight counters archer. So no counter bonus. Attack = 2*1 + 7*2 = 2+14=16. Defense 8. 16>8, win. But we have many archers, they might be effective. But we lose some. Alternatively, send 2 spear, 0 archer, 5 knight. Most numerous: knight (5) vs knight, no counter. Attack = 2*1 + 5*4 = 2+20=22. Win. But we use many knights. We might want to use a mix that minimizes losses. The attrition: winner takes losses against loser's effective force. The loser's effective force is their attack? Actually "attrition against the loser's effective force". In defense, the defender's effective force is their defense? Or their attack? The rule: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER. The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So the loser's effective force is whatever they had (attack if attacker, defense if defender). So if we attack, our effective force is attack (with possible multiplier). Defender's effective force is defense. If we win, we take losses equal to some function of defender's defense. It doesn't specify the formula, but likely a portion. So higher defender defense means more losses for us. So we want to overwhelming force to reduce losses? Or maybe losses are proportional to the difference? Not specified. We'll assume we want to win with as few troops as possible but with margin to reduce losses.

For Teruel, defense 8. If we send 3 knights, attack 12, win. Losses might be moderate. If we send 2 spear, 7 archer, attack 16, win with more troops but they might be less valuable? Knights are more expensive. We might want to preserve knights for later. But we have many knights in Madrid (11) and Toledo (5). We can afford to use some.

Now for Pamplona [19]: garrison 3 knights, defense 8. From Burgos [14]: troops 10 (2 spear, 7 archer, 1 knight). We can send similar composition. Burgos has only 1 knight, so we can't send many knights. We could send 2 spear, 7 archer: attack = 2*1+7*2=16 > 8, win. Or send the 1 knight plus others. But we might want to send from other villages as well. We can also send from Madrid or others to Pamplona? Madrid to Pamplona: road network: Madrid [12] connects to Burgos [14] and Zaragoza [17]. Pamplona [19] connects to Burgos [14] and Zaragoza [17]. So from Madrid to Pamplona, you have to go through Burgos or Zaragoza. Since Burgos is ours, we can march through friendly villages? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination. You cannot march past an enemy or neutral village to hit one behind it." So if we send from Madrid to Pamplona, the path would be Madrid -> Burgos (ours) -> Pamplona. Since Burgos is ours, we can pass through? The rule says "stops at the first village on its path that is not yours". If Burgos is ours, it is ours, so we don't stop. So we can march from Madrid to Pamplona via Burgos. The distance: Madrid to Burgos is 1 fast turn? The report says for Madrid: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: ..." Actually that's from other villages. For Burgos: "from here to your nearest border village [14] Burgos: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" from Vigo. For Madrid to Burgos: we can check road network: [12] Madrid connects to [14] Burgos. The distance is likely 1 turn for fast, maybe 2 slow. But we can send from Madrid to Pamplona. However, if we send from Madrid, the troops would have to travel through Burgos. If we also send from Burgos to Pamplona, they would both arrive? But "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So we can send from multiple villages, but they fight separately. That might be bad because they might fight sequentially and the first send might deplete the defender, but the second send would then fight the remaining. Actually if we send two waves, the first wave attacks, if it wins, it captures the village, then the second wave arrives and finds it captured? But the rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". If the village is already captured by our first wave on the same turn? The orders are simultaneous, but combat happens on arrival. If two armies arrive at the same target on the same turn, they fight separately, one at a time. The order might be arbitrary. But if the first wave wins and captures, the second wave might then be friendly and just reinforce? But the rule says "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." It implies they both fight the defender, not each other. But if the first send wins, the village becomes ours, then the second send arrives and... it's ambiguous. Typically in such games, if you send multiple stacks to the same enemy village, they fight sequentially: the first stack fights the garrison; if it wins, it captures the village, and then the second stack arrives and finds it friendly, so it reinforces. But the rule says "each send fights alone, one at a time." It might mean they don't combine forces for the battle; they attack in separate battles. So the first send fights the full garrison, then the second send fights the remaining garrison (if any) or the village if captured? Actually if the first send wins, the garrison is eliminated and the village is captured. The second send would then arrive at a friendly village and join the garrison. That could be beneficial: we can use a small stack to capture, then a larger stack to reinforce. But we need to be careful about timing: if both arrive on the same turn, which happens first? The rule doesn't specify order. It might be that we can choose the order? Or it's simultaneous but sequential resolution. We'll assume we can send a small capturing force and a larger reinforcing force, but they might fight in an order that could lead to the small force fighting the full garrison and losing if it's too weak. So it's safer to send one strong force from one village.

Better to send from the closest village with enough troops. For Pamplona, Burgos is closest. Burgos has 10 troops. We can send most of them. But we might want to keep some in Burgos for defense? Burgos is a border village with enemy Pamplona. If we attack Pamplona, we leave Burgos vulnerable? The enemy might attack Burgos from Pamplona? But if we attack Pamplona, we are sending troops from Burgos, so Burgos will have fewer troops. The enemy might also attack Burgos from other places. But we don't know.

We also need to consider that we need to hold 18 for 2 turns. So after capturing, we need to reinforce the new villages to defend against enemy counterattack. We can send reinforcements from other villages after we capture, but that takes turns. We can also build troops in the captured village? But it's an enemy village; after capture, it becomes ours, and we can use its resources and build there. But it starts with no troops? Actually when we capture, our attacking force might take losses, and the village might have some surviving troops? In combat, the loser is eliminated? "The losing army is destroyed entirely; the winner takes losses and keeps marching." So if we attack and win, the defender's army is destroyed entirely. So the village is empty of enemy troops. Our attacking army arrives and occupies it, but they might have taken losses. So the village will have whatever troops survived from our attack. We can then reinforce from other villages.

So a plan: On turn 24, we send armies to attack Teruel and Pamplona. We need to decide from which villages and what composition.

Let's list all our villages and their available troops, to see if we can attack from multiple places simultaneously.

We have 16 villages. Some are far from the front. We can send from interior villages to border villages to reinforce, but that takes time. For immediate attacks this turn, we can only send from villages that are adjacent or have direct road to the target. The targets:
- Teruel [13]: connected to [8] Toledo, [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon. From our villages: Toledo [8] and Valencia [16] are ours. So we can attack from Toledo or Valencia. Valencia has only 2 troops (0 spear, 2 archer, 0 knight), so weak. Toledo is better.
- Pamplona [19]: connected to [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza, [20] Huesca. From our villages: Burgos [14] is ours. Also we can attack from Madrid via Burgos? But Madrid to Pamplona: path Madrid -> Burgos -> Pamplona. Since Burgos is ours, we can pass through. But the march distance: Madrid to Burgos is 1 fast turn? Actually we need to know the travel time. The report gives distances from our villages to enemy villages only for visible ones. For Pamplona, it says "march from [14] Burgos: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So from Burgos it's 1 turn. From Madrid to Pamplona, we would have to go Madrid to Burgos (which is 1 turn? Let's check: Madrid [12] to Burgos [14] is a road. The distance: from Madrid to Burgos, what is the travel time? We can look at the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" section: for Burgos, it says "from here to your nearest border village [14] Burgos: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" from Vigo. That's from Vigo to Burgos. For Madrid to Burgos, we might infer from the fact that Madrid is connected to Burgos. The report doesn't give Madrid to Burgos distance directly. But we can estimate: Madrid is a large city, likely 1 fast turn to Burgos? Actually the road network: [12] Madrid connects to [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza. So it's directly connected. The distance might be 1 fast turn, 2 slow. But we can't be sure. However, we can send from Burgos directly, which is closer. So for Pamplona, Burgos is the natural launching point.

We could also attack from other villages if we first send reinforcements to Burgos, but that takes time. For this turn, we should use Burgos.

Now, what about capturing two villages this turn? We can send from Toledo to Teruel and from Burgos to Pamplona. That uses two of our border villages. We need to decide how many troops to send from each. We want to win both battles. Let's calculate the minimum troops needed to win with acceptable losses.

For Teruel: defense 8. We can send from Toledo: available 2 spear, 7 archer, 5 knight. We need to choose a composition that defeats 8. Options:
- Send 3 knights: attack 12, win. Losses: we take attrition against defender's effective force (8). Not sure how many casualties. Might lose some knights. But we have 5, so we can spare 3.
- Send 4 knights: attack 16, more margin.
- Send 2 spear, 7 archer: attack 16, win. Uses archers which are cheaper? Archers cost 20 wood + 10 iron, knights 30 wood + 30 iron. So archers are cheaper. But we might want to conserve archers for other things? Actually we have many archers (75 total). Knights are more valuable (41 total). So using archers might be better to preserve knights. But we also need to consider counter. If we send archers, most numerous is archer, defender is knight. Archer does not counter knight; knight counters archer. So no bonus. Attack 16 vs 8, win. But we might take more losses because our attack is higher but our defense? Actually losses are based on defender's effective force. Our defense doesn't matter when attacking. So the losses we take are a function of the defender's defense. The higher our attack margin, the fewer losses? Not specified. Typically in these games, losses are proportional to the ratio. We'll assume we want to minimize losses, so we want to use the least number of troops that can win. But we also want to avoid using knights because they are expensive and we might need them for other fronts. Let's check the cost: to build a knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. Archer: 20 wood, 10 iron. Spear: 15 wood, 0 iron. So archers are cheaper in iron. We have plenty of wood and iron in Toledo: wood 60, iron 50. We can build more troops this turn if we want, but they won't arrive in time for next turn's battle if we send them. Actually if we build at Toledo on turn 24, they are ready on turn 25. If we send them on turn 25, they arrive turn 26. So they can't be used for an attack arriving on turn 25. So we must send existing troops.

We can also send troops from other villages to Teruel? For example, from Valencia [16] it's 1 turn, but Valencia has only 2 archers. Not enough. From Madrid [12] to Teruel: Madrid connects to Toledo and Zaragoza. To get to Teruel from Madrid, you go through Toledo (ours) or Zaragoza (enemy). If through Toledo, it's friendly, so we can pass. Madrid to Toledo distance: Madrid [12] to Toledo [8] is a road. The report says for Toledo: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" from Lisboa. That's not helpful. We need Madrid to Toledo distance. We can check the road network: [12] Madrid connects to [8] Toledo. The distance is likely 1 fast turn, 2 slow? Actually from the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" for Madrid, it says "march from [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Zaragoza. So Madrid to Zaragoza is 1 turn. Madrid to Toledo might be similar. But if we send from Madrid to Teruel via Toledo, the path would be Madrid -> Toledo -> Teruel. The travel time would be Madrid to Toledo plus Toledo to Teruel. If Madrid to Toledo is 1 fast turn, and Toledo to Teruel is 1 fast turn, total 2 fast turns. So it would take 2 turns for fast troops. That's slower than sending from Toledo directly (1 turn). So sending from Toledo is better for a quick attack.

Similarly, for Pamplona, sending from Burgos is 1 turn. Sending from Madrid via Burgos would take Madrid to Burgos (1 turn?) plus Burgos to Pamplona (1 turn) = 2 turns. So slower.

So we should use Toledo and Burgos for the initial attacks.

Now, we also need to consider that we might want to send reinforcements to these villages after capture. But we can do that on subsequent turns.

Let's decide the orders for turn 24.

We can also build troops at various villages to prepare for future turns. Since we have many resources, we should build as much as possible, especially cheap troops like archers and spearmen, to replenish our ranks. We need to specify builds for each village. We can build at any of our villages, limited by resources and cap of 300 troops. Most villages have low troop counts, so we can build up to 300. But we are limited by resources. Each village has its own stock. We should build troops that are useful. Archers are good all-round. Spearmen are cheap and counter knights. Knights are expensive but fast and powerful.

We need to plan the campaign. Our plan: Capture Teruel and Pamplona this turn (orders simultaneous, arrive next turn). Then we will have 18 villages. We need to hold them for 2 consecutive turns. So we need to reinforce them. We can send reinforcements from interior villages to the new villages after they are captured. But we can also send troops now to the border villages to prepare for defense or further attacks.

Let's think about the enemy's possible responses. The enemy (King B) controls the remaining villages: we have 16, they have 8? Total 24, we have 16, so they have 8. But we don't know all of them. We know: [13] Teruel, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona, [23] Girona. That's 8. So they have exactly 8. We need to eliminate every enemy village to win, or hold 18 for 2 turns. If we capture Teruel and Pamplona, we will have 18, and they will have 6. Then we just need to hold for 2 turns. But they might try to retake Teruel or Pamplona. They might send troops from Zaragoza, Castellon, Huesca, etc. We need to be ready to defend.

After we capture Teruel, it becomes ours. We can then use it as a base to attack further. But we might not need to; holding 18 might be enough. However, the enemy might attack our other villages too. We need to ensure our interior villages are safe. They are interior, no enemy border, so they are safe from direct attack unless the enemy moves through captured villages. But if we capture border villages, we extend our border.

Let's list our current border villages: Toledo [8] borders Teruel; Madrid [12] borders Zaragoza; Burgos [14] borders Pamplona; Valencia [16] borders Teruel and Castellon. So we have several fronts. The enemy might attack from Zaragoza to Madrid, from Teruel to Toledo (if they recapture), from Pamplona to Burgos, from Castellon to Valencia. So we need to defend these borders.

Our interior villages are safe as long as we hold the borders. So we should strengthen our border villages to prevent enemy breakthroughs.

On turn 24, we can send troops from interior villages to border villages to reinforce them. But movement takes time. For example, we can send from Salamanca to Madrid (1 turn), from Lisboa to Toledo (3 slow/2 medium/1 fast), etc. We need to plan ahead.

Let's design a campaign plan:

Turn 24: 
- Build troops at various villages to increase our army. Focus on archers and spearmen because they are cheaper and effective. We can build at villages with high resources: Madrid has 220 wood, 140 iron; it can build many. But cap is 300 troops; Madrid has 24, so can build up to 276. But we are limited by resources: each build costs resources. Madrid produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn, but has stockpile. We can build knights, but they cost 30 iron each. We might want to build archers (20 wood, 10 iron) or spearmen (15 wood, 0 iron). Since we have lots of wood and iron, we can build many archers. Let's calculate how many we can afford per village based on stockpile. We should build as many as possible, but we must not exceed the village's capacity to pay? The rule: "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." So we can only build if the village has enough resources. We need to check each village's wood and iron.

Let's list villages with their stockpiles and what they can build:

[0] Lisboa: wood 70, iron 50. Can build: e.g., 4 archers (80 wood? No, 4 archers cost 80 wood, but only 70 wood, so can't. 3 archers: 60 wood, 30 iron -> possible. Or 2 archers + something. We need to specify exact numbers. We can build a mix. We should build the most cost-effective troops. Archers are good. Spearmen cost 15 wood, 0 iron. Knights cost 30 wood, 30 iron. Since iron is more scarce, we might prefer spearmen and archers. But we need to consider counter. We'll likely use archers as our main force because they have attack 2, defense 2, medium speed. Spearmen have attack 1, defense 2, slow. Knights have attack 4, defense 2, fast. Archers are versatile.

We can build at each village up to its stock. Let's compute maximum archers per village: archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron.
[0] Lisboa: wood 70 -> max 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) iron 50 ok. Or 3 archers + 1 spear? 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) leaves 10 wood, 20 iron. Can build 0 spear (15 wood) but only 10 wood, so no. So 3 archers.
[1] Santarem: wood 70, iron 40 -> 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) leaves 10 wood, 10 iron. Can't build spear (15 wood). So 3 archers.
[2] Evora: wood 70, iron 40 -> 3 archers.
[3] Coimbra: wood 70, iron 50 -> 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) leaves 10 wood, 20 iron. Could build 1 spear? 15 wood >10, no. So 3 archers.
[4] Badajoz: wood 70, iron 40 -> 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) leaves 10 wood, 10 iron. So 3 archers.
[5] Faro: wood 75, iron 50 -> 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) leaves 15 wood, 20 iron. Could build 1 spear (15 wood, 0 iron) -> total 3 archers + 1 spear. Or 2 archers + something. Let's maximize: 3 archers + 1 spear uses 60+15=75 wood, 30 iron. Good.
[6] Porto: wood 75, iron 50 -> same, 3 archers + 1 spear? But Porto has only 1 troop currently, so we can build. But Porto is interior, maybe we don't need many there. We can build to fill up to 300, but we might not need to send them anywhere. We can just build to have reserves. But we should build where we need troops. We can build in interior villages and then later send them to the front. But sending takes time. It might be better to build in border villages so they are ready quickly. However, border villages have limited resources. Toledo has wood 60, iron 50 -> can build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 2 archers + 1 spear? 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) + 1 spear (15 wood) = 55 wood, 20 iron. Or 3 archers uses all wood. Let's see what we need.

We need to decide on a strategy. We want to attack Teruel and Pamplona. We also want to reinforce our borders. We can send troops from interior to border villages now, but they will take time to arrive. For example, if we send from Salamanca to Madrid, it takes 1 fast turn, so they'd arrive on turn 25. That would reinforce Madrid for turn 25. But we also need to attack on turn 24 (arriving turn 25). So we can both attack and reinforce simultaneously.

Let's think about the enemy's likely moves. The enemy might try to recapture Teruel or Pamplona if we attack them. They might also attack our border villages like Toledo, Madrid, Burgos, Valencia. We need to defend those. Madrid has a large garrison (24 troops) and high defense (60). It's likely safe. Toledo has 14 troops, defense 35. Burgos has 10 troops, defense 25. Valencia has only 2 troops, defense 5, very vulnerable. If the enemy attacks Valencia from Castellon or Teruel, they could easily take it. So we should reinforce Valencia. Valencia is border with [13] Teruel and [18] Castellon. If we attack Teruel, we might leave Valencia exposed? Actually if we attack Teruel from Toledo, we are not using Valencia. But Valencia is weak. The enemy might attack Valencia from Castellon. Castellon has 5 spearmen, 2 archers, 3 knights (defense 25). That's a
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
########## TURNO 24 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3938 | resposta 32126 | raciocinio 24221 | finish stop | ms 309617
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 18, \"toId\": 16, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 3, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 13, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 3}},\n    {\"fromId\": 19, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 3}},\n    {\"fromId\": 20, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 3, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 5}},\n    {\"fromId\": 21, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 3}},\n    {\"fromId\": 23, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 3}},\n    {\"fromId\": 22, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 5}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"I am concentrating all my forces at Zaragoza to create an unassailable fortress. Castellon is attacking Valencia to conquer it and expand my territory. I am sending all troops from Teruel, Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona, Girona, and Barcelona to Zaragoza. I am building 16 knights and 32 spearmen to rebuild my armies. I accept that I might lose Teruel and Pamplona temporarily, but I will retake them with the Zaragoza horde.\",\n  \"statement\": \"My armies are on the move! I have ordered every available soldier to march on Zaragoza, forming a mighty host that will crush the enemy. Castellon's troops are sent to Valencia to claim it for the crown. My blacksmiths are working day and night to forge new knights and spearmen. The enemy will soon learn the cost of crossing King B!\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user is playing as King B in a turn-based strategy game. The goal is to hold at least 18 of the 24 villages for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. Currently holding 8 of 24. The enemy capital is Lisboa [0], but taking it is not required to win.

The current state (Turn 24) is given. I need to output a JSON object with "build", "movements", "plan", and "statement".

Let's analyze the map and resources.

My Villages (8):
- [22] Barcelona (Capital): 14/300 troops (6 spear, 1 archer, 7 knight). Wood 95, Iron 40.
- [21] Tarragona: 5/300 (2 spear, 0 archer, 3 knight). Wood 125, Iron 60.
- [23] Girona: 9/300 (4 spear, 0 archer, 5 knight). Wood 95, Iron 30.
- [18] Castellon: 10/300 (5 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight). Wood 95, Iron 40.
- [17] Zaragoza: 20/300 (6 spear, 8 archer, 6 knight). Wood 90, Iron 30.
- [20] Huesca: 10/300 (3 spear, 2 archer, 5 knight). Wood 120, Iron 60.
- [13] Teruel: 3/300 (0 spear, 0 archer, 3 knight). Wood 180, Iron 120. (Wait, the report says "troops at home: 3 / 300", "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight". But last turn I conquered Teruel and Pamplona. So they have some troops, but mostly I sent troops to attack them, and they were conquered, so the garrison is small).
- [19] Pamplona: 3/300 (0 spear, 0 archer, 3 knight). Wood 190, Iron 120.

Enemy Villages (King A):
- [16] Valencia: 2 archers, defense 5. March from Castellon: 1 turn.
- [12] Madrid: 2 spear, 11 archer, 11 knight, defense 60. March from Zaragoza: 1 turn.
- [14] Burgos: 2 spear, 7 archer, 1 knight, defense 25. March from Pamplona: 1 turn.
- [8] Toledo: 2 spear, 7 archer, 5 knight, defense 35. March from Teruel: 1 turn.
- [15] Murcia: last seen 1 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight. March from Castellon: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [7] Salamanca: last seen 1 knight. March from Zaragoza: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [11] Cordoba: last seen 2 spear, 7 archer, 2 knight. March from Teruel: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [4] Badajoz: last seen 6 archers. March from Teruel: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [6] Porto: last seen 2 archer, 2 knight. March from Zaragoza: 3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns.
- [10] Vigo: last seen 8 archer, 6 knight. March from Pamplona: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [0] Lisboa (Capital): unknown garrison.
- [1] Santarem: unexplored.
- [2] Evora: unexplored.
- [3] Coimbra: unexplored.
- [5] Faro: unexplored.
- [9] Sevilha: unexplored.

Let's look at the road network and distances.
My border villages:
- Castellon [18] borders Valencia [16] (enemy) and Teruel [13] (mine).
- Zaragoza [17] borders Madrid [12] (enemy), Teruel [13] (mine), Pamplona [19] (mine), Huesca [20] (mine), Tarragona [21] (mine).
- Teruel [13] borders Toledo [8] (enemy), Cordoba [11] (enemy), Valencia [16] (enemy), Zaragoza [17] (mine), Castellon [18] (mine).
- Pamplona [19] borders Burgos [14] (enemy), Vigo [10] (enemy), Zaragoza [17] (mine), Huesca [20] (mine).

Let's check the enemy's strength:
- Madrid [12] has a huge garrison: 2 spear, 11 archer, 11 knight, defense 60. This is a major threat.
- Toledo [8] has 2 spear, 7 archer, 5 knight, defense 35.
- Burgos [14] has 2 spear, 7 archer, 1 knight, defense 25.
- Valencia [16] has 2 archers, defense 5. Very weak.

My total troops: 74 soldiers (26 spear, 13 archer, 35 knight).
Available to send:
- Barcelona: 6 spear, 1 archer, 7 knight.
- Tarragona: 2 spear, 3 knight.
- Girona: 4 spear, 5 knight.
- Castellon: 5 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight.
- Zaragoza: 6 spear, 8 archer, 6 knight.
- Huesca: 3 spear, 2 archer, 5 knight.
- Teruel: 3 knight.
- Pamplona: 3 knight.

Let's calculate the total troops I can send:
Spear: 6+2+4+5+6+3 = 26 spear.
Archer: 1+0+0+2+8+2 = 13 archer.
Knight: 7+3+5+3+6+5+3+3 = 35 knight.
Total sendable: 74 troops.

Where to attack?
The goal is to hold 18 villages. I currently hold 8. I need 10 more.
The enemy villages I can easily reach and conquer:
- Valencia [16] is very weak (2 archers, defense 5). It's next to Castellon [18] and Teruel [13].
- Toledo [8] has defense 35. It's next to Teruel [13].
- Burgos [14] has defense 25. It's next to Pamplona [19].
- Madrid [12] has defense 60. It's next to Zaragoza [17].

Let's look at the combat rules.
Attack power:
- spearman: attack 1
- archer: attack 2
- knight: attack 4
Defense:
- spearman: defense 2
- archer: defense 2
- knight: defense 2
Counter triangle: spearman counters knight (1.5x), archer counters spearman (1.5x), knight counters archer (1.5x).
The most numerous type sets the counter matchup.
Defending in a village: defense counts x1.25. In a castle (capital) x1.5. In open field no bonus.
The effective defense in the report ALREADY includes the location bonus. So for Valencia, effective defense is 5. For Madrid, 60. For Burgos, 25. For Toledo, 35.

Let's calculate the attack power of my armies if I send them.
If I attack Valencia [16] from Castellon [18]:
Send all from Castellon: 5 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight.
Attack power: 5*1 + 2*2 + 3*4 = 5 + 4 + 12 = 21.
Counter: most numerous is spearman (5). Spearman counters knight. But the enemy has only 2 archers. The counter is based on the attacker's most numerous type vs the defender's most numerous type? No, "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
Attacker most numerous: spearman (5). Defender most numerous: archer (2).
Spearman vs Archer: Spearman does not counter Archer. Archer counters Spearman. So the defender gets the counter bonus? "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle... Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
So if the defender has the counter, their effective defense is multiplied by 1.5? Or is it the attacker's attack that is multiplied?
"Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It says "your force", but usually it means the side that has the counter gets the multiplier on their attack/defense. Let's re-read carefully:
"Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
"The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
So if attacker's most numerous is spearman, and defender's most numerous is archer, the defender has archer vs spearman, so defender counters attacker. The defender's force is multiplied by 1.5.
If attacker's most numerous is knight, and defender's most numerous is archer, attacker counters defender. Attacker's force is multiplied by 1.5.
Let's assume the counter applies to the attack/defense value of the side that has the counter.
For Valencia: defender has 2 archers. Most numerous is archer. Attacker sends 5 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight. Most numerous is spearman. Archer counters spearman. So defender gets 1.5x multiplier on their defense.
Defender defense: 2 archers * 2 defense = 4. But effective defense is 5 (includes location bonus). So 5 * 1.5 = 7.5.
Attacker attack: 5*1 + 2*2 + 3*4 = 21.
21 vs 7.5. Attacker wins easily.

Let's check if I should attack multiple places.
I need to conquer villages. Let's look at the map.
My villages are mostly in the east/north-east. Enemy villages are in the center and west.
To get to 18 villages, I need to expand.
Let's list the enemy villages and their distance from my villages:
- Valencia [16]: 1 turn from Castellon [18], 1 turn from Teruel [13]. Weak (2 archers, def 5).
- Madrid [12]: 1 turn from Zaragoza [17]. Strong (def 60).
- Toledo [8]: 1 turn from Teruel [13]. Medium (def 35).
- Burgos [14]: 1 turn from Pamplona [19]. Medium (def 25).
- Murcia [15]: 2 turns from Castellon [18]. Last seen: 1 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight.
- Salamanca [7]: 2 turns from Zaragoza [17]. Last seen: 1 knight.
- Cordoba [11]: 2 turns from Teruel [13]. Last seen: 2 spear, 7 archer, 2 knight.
- Badajoz [4]: 2 turns from Teruel [13]. Last seen: 6 archers.
- Porto [6]: 3 turns from Zaragoza [17]. Last seen: 2 archer, 2 knight.
- Vigo [10]: 2 turns from Pamplona [19]. Last seen: 8 archer, 6 knight.

Unexplored: Coimbra [3], Sevilha [9], Faro [5], Santarem [1], Lisboa [0], Evora [2].
Lisboa is the capital. It's connected to Santarem [1] and Evora [2].
Santarem [1] is connected to Lisboa [0], Coimbra [3], Badajoz [4].
Evora [2] is connected to Lisboa [0], Faro [5].
Coimbra [3] is connected to Santarem [1], Porto [6], Salamanca [7].
Sevilha [9] is connected to Badajoz [4], Faro [5], Cordoba [11].
Faro [5] is connected to Evora [2], Badajoz [4], Sevilha [9].

So to reach the unexplored villages, I need to go through the known ones.
For example, to reach Santarem [1], I need to go through Badajoz [4] or Coimbra [3].
To reach Lisboa [0], I need to go through Santarem [1] or Evora [2].
To reach Evora [2], I need to go through Faro [5].
To reach Faro [5], I need to go through Evora [2] or Badajoz [4] or Sevilha [9].
To reach Sevilha [9], I need to go through Badajoz [4] or Cordoba [11].
To reach Coimbra [3], I need to go through Santarem [1] or Porto [6] or Salamanca [7].

So the western part of the map is blocked by enemy villages like Badajoz, Cordoba, Toledo, Madrid, Burgos, etc.
I should focus on conquering the weak enemy villages first to expand my territory and get more resources.
Valencia [16] is very weak. I can conquer it this turn.
Toledo [8] is next to Teruel [13]. It has defense 35. I can send troops from Teruel, Zaragoza, Castellon.
Burgos [14] is next to Pamplona [19]. It has defense 25. I can send troops from Pamplona, Zaragoza.
Madrid [12] is strong (def 60). I shouldn't attack it yet.

Let's look at the resources.
Each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn.
My villages:
- Barcelona: wood 95, iron 40.
- Tarragona: wood 125, iron 60.
- Girona: wood 95, iron 30.
- Castellon: wood 95, iron 40.
- Zaragoza: wood 90, iron 30.
- Huesca: wood 120, iron 60.
- Teruel: wood 180, iron 120.
- Pamplona: wood 190, iron 120.

Total wood: 95+125+95+95+90+120+180+190 = 990.
Total iron: 40+60+30+40+30+60+120+120 = 500.

Costs:
- spearman: 15 wood + 0 iron.
- archer: 20 wood + 10 iron.
- knight: 30 wood + 30 iron.

I can build troops. But cap per village is 300. Currently my villages have small garrisons (3 to 20 troops). So I can build more.
Let's see how many troops I can build.
Barcelona: wood 95, iron 40. Can build 6 spear (90 wood), or 4 archer (80 wood, 40 iron), or 3 knight (90 wood, 90 iron - not enough iron).
Actually, I should build knights because they are the strongest (attack 4). But they cost 30 iron.
Let's check the iron cost for knights: 30 iron each.
Total iron: 500. I can build 16 knights (480 iron).
Total wood: 990. I can build 33 knights (990 wood).
So I can build 16 knights.
Let's see which villages have the most iron.
Teruel has 120 iron, Pamplona has 120 iron, Huesca has 60, Tarragona has 60.
So I can build knights in Teruel, Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona.
Let's calculate:
Teruel: 120 iron -> 4 knights (120 wood, 120 iron). Wood left: 60.
Pamplona: 120 iron -> 4 knights (120 wood, 120 iron). Wood left: 70.
Huesca: 60 iron -> 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Wood left: 60.
Tarragona: 60 iron -> 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Wood left: 65.
Total knights built: 12. Cost: 360 wood, 480 iron.
Remaining wood: 990 - 360 = 630. Remaining iron: 500 - 480 = 20.
I can also build spearmen (15 wood, 0 iron).
With 630 wood, I can build 42 spearmen.
Let's distribute the builds.
I need to build troops to attack.
Let's plan the attacks.
Attack 1: Valencia [16] from Castellon [18].
Valencia has 2 archers, defense 5.
I can send all troops from Castellon: 5 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight.
Attack power: 5*1 + 2*2 + 3*4 = 21.
Defender: 2 archers. Most numerous: archer. Attacker most numerous: spearman (5). Archer counters spearman. Defender gets 1.5x multiplier.
Effective defense: 5 * 1.5 = 7.5.
21 > 7.5. Victory.
Losses: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
Attrition is equal to the loser's effective force? Or a fraction?
"The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
Usually, the winner loses troops equal to the loser's effective force divided by something, or just the loser's effective force.
Let's assume the winner loses troops equal to the loser's effective force / attacker's attack? Or just the loser's effective force.
If loser's effective force is 7.5, winner loses 7.5 troops? But troops are integers.
Let's not worry too much about the exact loss calculation, just that I will win and take some losses.

Attack 2: Toledo [8] from Teruel [13].
Toledo has 2 spear, 7 archer, 5 knight, defense 35.
I can send troops from Teruel, Zaragoza, Castellon.
But if I send from Castellon, they have to go through Teruel? No, Castellon is connected to Teruel and Valencia. To get to Toledo, they go Castellon -> Teruel -> Toledo. But "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So if I send from Castellon to Toledo, they will stop at Teruel (which is mine) and then continue? No, "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours". Teruel is mine, so they pass through. Then they go to Toledo. So they can reach Toledo.
But travel time: Castellon to Teruel is 1 turn, Teruel to Toledo is 1 turn. So 2 turns.
If I send from Teruel directly, it's 1 turn.
Let's send troops from Teruel, Zaragoza, and maybe Girona/Barcelona to Teruel first, then to Toledo? No, I can only send to one destination per turn.
Wait, "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So if I send from Teruel and Zaragoza to Toledo, they will arrive at different times? Or if they arrive on the same turn, they fight separately.
Actually, the travel time is the same if they both go 1 turn. But they fight separately.
So I should send a large enough force to defeat Toledo in one go.
Toledo defense: 35.
Let's calculate the attack power needed.
If I send from Teruel: 3 knight (attack 12). Not enough.
If I send from Zaragoza: 6 spear, 8 archer, 6 knight. Attack: 6*1 + 8*2 + 6*4 = 6 + 16 + 24 = 46.
Most numerous: archer (8). Defender most numerous: archer (7). Tie? "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight". So archer vs archer, no counter.
Defender defense: 35 (effective defense already includes location bonus).
Attacker attack: 46.
46 > 35. Victory.
But I will take losses.
Can I send from Teruel and Zaragoza together? They fight separately. So if I send 3 knight from Teruel (attack 12) and 46 from Zaragoza (attack 46), the first one to arrive will fight. If the Zaragoza army arrives first, it wins. Then the Teruel army arrives and fights the remaining garrison? Or does it fight the army that conquered it?
Actually, if I conquer Toledo, it becomes mine. Then the Teruel army arrives and joins the garrison.
But if I send them on the same turn, they might arrive on the same turn. "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So they would fight the garrison one after the other. The first one fights the full garrison, the second one fights the remaining garrison (or the conqueror's army if it's still there).
This is complicated. It's better to send one large army from one village to conquer it, then send reinforcements later.
Zaragoza has 20 troops. I can send all of them to Toledo? But Toledo is 1 turn from Zaragoza? No, Zaragoza is connected to Madrid, Teruel, Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona. It is NOT directly connected to Toledo!
Let's check the road network:
[17] Zaragoza: [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]
[13] Teruel: [8], [16], [17], [18]
So Zaragoza is connected to Teruel. Teruel is connected to Toledo [8].
So to go from Zaragoza to Toledo, the path is Zaragoza -> Teruel -> Toledo.
Travel time: Zaragoza to Teruel is 1 turn. Teruel to Toledo is 1 turn. Total 2 turns.
But "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours". Teruel is mine, so they pass through. They stop at Toledo.
So travel time is 2 turns.
If I send from Teruel to Toledo, it's 1 turn.
So I should send from Teruel.
Teruel has 3 knight. Not enough.
Can I send troops from Zaragoza to Teruel, and then from Teruel to Toledo? That takes 2 turns for the Zaragoza troops to reach Teruel, then 1 turn to Toledo. Total 3 turns.
Or I can send from Zaragoza directly to Toledo. They will march Zaragoza -> Teruel -> Toledo. They don't stop at Teruel because it's mine. So they arrive in 2 turns.
But during those 2 turns, the enemy might do something.
Let's look at the enemy's possible moves. The enemy writes their orders at the same time as me. They see the same snapshot.
They might attack my villages.
My border villages: Castellon (borders Valencia), Zaragoza (borders Madrid), Teruel (borders Toledo, Cordoba, Valencia), Pamplona (borders Burgos, Vigo).
The enemy might attack Castellon, Zaragoza, Teruel, Pamplona.
Castellon has defense 25. Valencia has 2 archers (attack 4). Not a threat.
Zaragoza has defense 50. Madrid has 2 spear, 11 archer, 11 knight (attack 2+22+44 = 68). This is a threat!
Teruel has defense 8. Toledo has 2 spear, 7 archer, 5 knight (attack 2+14+20 = 36). Cordoba has 2 spear, 7 archer, 2 knight (attack 2+14+8 = 24). Valencia has 2 archers (attack 4). Teruel is vulnerable!
Pamplona has defense 8. Burgos has 2 spear, 7 archer, 1 knight (attack 2+14+4 = 20). Vigo has 8 archer, 6 knight (attack 16+24 = 40). Pamplona is vulnerable!

So I need to reinforce my border villages.
Let's send troops to Teruel and Pamplona to increase their defense.
Teruel currently has 3 knight (defense 6). Effective defense 8.
Pamplona has 3 knight (defense 6). Effective defense 8.
I should send troops from other villages to Teruel and Pamplona.
Where can I send from?
To Teruel: from Zaragoza, Castellon, Barcelona, Girona, Huesca.
To Pamplona: from Zaragoza, Huesca, Barcelona, Girona, Tarragona.

Let's look at the travel times:
From Zaragoza to Teruel: 1 turn.
From Zaragoza to Pamplona: 1 turn.
From Castellon to Teruel: 1 turn.
From Huesca to Pamplona: 1 turn. Huesca to Teruel: Huesca -> Zaragoza -> Teruel (2 turns).
From Barcelona to Teruel: Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> Teruel (3 turns) or Barcelona -> Girona -> Huesca -> Zaragoza -> Teruel (4 turns).
Actually, let's check the road network:
[22] Barcelona: [21], [23]
[21] Tarragona: [17], [18], [22]
[23] Girona: [20], [22]
[20] Huesca: [17], [19], [23]
So Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> Teruel. 3 turns.
Barcelona -> Girona -> Huesca -> Zaragoza -> Teruel. 4 turns.
So it's faster to send from Zaragoza or Castellon.

Let's plan the troop movements.
I need to defend Teruel and Pamplona, and attack weak enemies.
Valencia [16] is very weak. I can attack it from Castellon [18] or Teruel [13].
If I attack from Castellon, I can send 5 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight. This will conquer Valencia.
But then Castellon will have fewer troops. Castellon's defense is 25. If I send all troops, it will be empty. But Castellon is bordered by Valencia (which will become mine) and Teruel (mine). So it's safe if I conquer Valencia.
Wait, if I send troops from Castellon to Valencia, they march 1 turn. During that turn, Valencia is still enemy. Next turn, Valencia is mine. Then Castellon has no troops, but it's surrounded by my villages. The enemy can't reach it easily.
But what if the enemy attacks Castellon? Valencia is enemy, so the enemy could attack Castellon from Valencia. But if I conquer Valencia, the enemy loses that route.
Actually, the enemy might attack Castellon from Valencia before I conquer it. But Valencia only has 2 archers, so they can't do much.
Let's send all troops from Castellon to Valencia to conquer it.
Castellon: 5 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight.
Attack: 5*1 + 2*2 + 3*4 = 21.
Valencia defense: 5. Counter: attacker most numerous spearman (5), defender most numerous archer (2). Archer counters spearman. Defender gets 1.5x. Effective defense: 5 * 1.5 = 7.5.
21 > 7.5. Victory.
Losses: probably a few troops.

Now, Teruel and Pamplona are vulnerable. I should send reinforcements there.
From Zaragoza, I can send troops to Teruel and Pamplona.
Zaragoza has 6 spear, 8 archer, 6 knight.
I can split them: send some to Teruel, some to Pamplona.
But "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up". I can send from Zaragoza to Teruel, and from Zaragoza to Pamplona. They are different sends from the same village? Yes, I can send multiple armies from the same village in one turn, as long as I don't exceed the available troops.
Wait, "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 6 spearman, 8 archer, 6 knight (attack power if all sent: 46)".
So I can send, say, 3 spear, 4 archer, 3 knight to Teruel, and 3 spear, 4 archer, 3 knight to Pamplona.
But I need to consider the travel time and when they arrive.
If I send from Zaragoza to Teruel, they arrive in 1 turn.
If I send from Zaragoza to Pamplona, they arrive in 1 turn.
So next turn, Teruel and Pamplona will be reinforced.

What about Girona, Barcelona, Tarragona, Huesca?
I can send troops from them to Zaragoza, to reinforce Zaragoza.
But Zaragoza is already strong (20 troops). If I send more, it becomes stronger.
But I need to build troops anyway.
Let's look at the builds.
I should build knights because they are the best.
Villages with iron:
- Barcelona: 40 iron -> 1 knight (needs 30 wood, 30 iron). Wood 95, so can build 1 knight. Remaining wood 65, iron 10.
- Tarragona: 60 iron -> 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Wood 125, so can build 2 knights. Remaining wood 65, iron 0.
- Girona: 30 iron -> 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Wood 95, so can build 1 knight. Remaining wood 65, iron 0.
- Castellon: 40 iron -> 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Wood 95, so can build 1 knight. Remaining wood 65, iron 10.
- Zaragoza: 30 iron -> 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Wood 90, so can build 1 knight. Remaining wood 60, iron 0.
- Huesca: 60 iron -> 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Wood 120, so can build 2 knights. Remaining wood 60, iron 0.
- Teruel: 120 iron -> 4 knights (120 wood, 120 iron). Wood 180, so can build 4 knights. Remaining wood 60, iron 0.
- Pamplona: 120 iron -> 4 knights (120 wood, 120 iron). Wood 190, so can build 4 knights. Remaining wood 70, iron 0.

Total knights built: 1+2+1+1+1+2+4+4 = 16 knights.
Cost: 480 wood, 480 iron.
Total wood cost: 16 * 30 = 480. I have 990 wood. Remaining 510 wood.
Total iron cost: 16 * 30 = 480. I have 500 iron. Remaining 20 iron.
With remaining wood, I can build spearmen (15 wood, 0 iron).
510 wood / 15 = 34 spearmen.
I can build spearmen in villages that have wood but no iron cost.
Let's distribute the spearmen builds.
Barcelona: 65 wood -> 4 spearmen (60 wood). Remaining 5 wood.
Tarragona: 65 wood -> 4 spearmen (60 wood). Remaining 5 wood.
Girona: 65 wood -> 4 spearmen (60 wood). Remaining 5 wood.
Castellon: 65 wood -> 4 spearmen (60 wood). Remaining 5 wood.
Zaragoza: 60 wood -> 4 spearmen (60 wood). Remaining 0 wood.
Huesca: 60 wood -> 4 spearmen (60 wood). Remaining 0 wood.
Teruel: 60 wood -> 4 spearmen (60 wood). Remaining 0 wood.
Pamplona: 70 wood -> 4 spearmen (60 wood). Remaining 10 wood.
Total spearmen: 4*8 = 32 spearmen.
Total wood used: 480 (knights) + 480 (spearmen) = 960 wood. I have 990. Remaining 30 wood.
Total iron used: 480 iron. Remaining 20 iron.

This is a good build plan. I will build 16 knights and 32 spearmen.
But wait, the cap per village is 300. My villages currently have 3 to 20 troops. Adding 16 knights and 32 spearmen will increase the garrisons, but still well below 300.
Let's check the exact numbers per village:
- Barcelona: currently 14 troops (6 spear, 1 archer, 7 knight). Build 1 knight, 4 spear. Total: 6+4=10 spear, 1 archer, 7+1=8 knight. Total 19 troops.
- Tarragona: currently 5 troops (2 spear, 3 knight). Build 2 knights, 4 spear. Total: 2+4=6 spear, 0 archer, 3+2=5 knight. Total 11 troops.
- Girona: currently 9 troops (4 spear, 5 knight). Build 1 knight, 4 spear. Total: 4+4=8 spear, 0 archer, 5+1=6 knight. Total 14 troops.
- Castellon: currently 10 troops (5 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight). Build 1 knight, 4 spear. Total: 5+4=9 spear, 2 archer, 3+1=4 knight. Total 15 troops.
- Zaragoza: currently 20 troops (6 spear, 8 archer, 6 knight). Build 1 knight, 4 spear. Total: 6+4=10 spear, 8 archer, 6+1=7 knight. Total 25 troops.
- Huesca: currently 10 troops (3 spear, 2 archer, 5 knight). Build 2 knights, 4 spear. Total: 3+4=7 spear, 2 archer, 5+2=7 knight. Total 16 troops.
- Teruel: currently 3 troops (3 knight). Build 4 knights, 4 spear. Total: 4 spear, 0 archer, 3+4=7 knight. Total 11 troops.
- Pamplona: currently 3 troops (3 knight). Build 4 knights, 4 spear. Total: 4 spear, 0 archer, 3+4=7 knight. Total 11 troops.

Wait, I need to make sure I have enough wood and iron for these builds.
Let's recalculate the cost per village:
Barcelona: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 4 spear (60 wood, 0 iron) = 90 wood, 30 iron. Barcelona has 95 wood, 40 iron. OK.
Tarragona: 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) + 4 spear (60 wood, 0 iron) = 120 wood, 60 iron. Tarragona has 125 wood, 60 iron. OK.
Girona: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 4 spear (60 wood, 0 iron) = 90 wood, 30 iron. Girona has 95 wood, 30 iron. OK.
Castellon: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 4 spear (60 wood, 0 iron) = 90 wood, 30 iron. Castellon has 95 wood, 40 iron. OK.
Zaragoza: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 4 spear (60 wood, 0 iron) = 90 wood, 30 iron. Zaragoza has 90 wood, 30 iron. OK.
Huesca: 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) + 4 spear (60 wood, 0 iron) = 120 wood, 60 iron. Huesca has 120 wood, 60 iron. OK.
Teruel: 4 knights (120 wood, 120 iron) + 4 spear (60 wood, 0 iron) = 180 wood, 120 iron. Teruel has 180 wood, 120 iron. OK.
Pamplona: 4 knights (120 wood, 120 iron) + 4 spear (60 wood, 0 iron) = 180 wood, 120 iron. Pamplona has 190 wood, 120 iron. OK.

Total wood used: 90+120+90+90+90+120+180+180 = 960. Total wood available: 95+125+95+95+90+120+180+190 = 990. Remaining 30 wood.
Total iron used: 30+60+30+30+30+60+120+120 = 480. Total iron available: 40+60+30+40+30+60+120+120 = 500. Remaining 20 iron.

This is perfect. I can build all these troops.

Now, movements.
I need to attack Valencia [16] from Castellon [18].
Send all available troops from Castellon: 5 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight.
Wait, if I send all troops, Castellon will be empty. But I just built 4 spear and 1 knight there. The build happens this turn, so the new troops are available to send? "Each troop type has a speed... ready in 1 turn." So if I order a build, they are ready in 1 turn. But the orders are simultaneous. So the troops I build this turn are NOT available to send this turn. They will be available next turn.
"Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."
So the troops I have available to send NOW are the ones listed in "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW".
For Castellon: 5 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight.
So I can send these to Valencia.
But next turn, the new troops (4 spear, 1 knight) will be there. So Castellon won't be empty for long.
But if I send all 10 troops, Castellon will have 0 troops this turn, and next turn it will have 5 troops (4 spear, 1 knight). That's a bit weak, but Valencia will be mine, so the enemy can't attack from there.
What about Teruel? It has 3 knight. I should send them to attack Toledo [8] or reinforce Zaragoza?
Teruel is bordered by Toledo, Cordoba, Valencia, Zaragoza, Castellon.
If I send Teruel's 3 knight to attack Toledo, they will fight Toledo's garrison (2 spear, 7 archer, 5 knight, defense 35).
3 knight attack: 12. Defense 35. I will lose.
So I shouldn't send them alone. I should send reinforcements to Teruel first, then attack.
Or I can send them to Valencia to help conquer it? But Valencia is 1 turn from Teruel. If I send from Teruel to Valencia, they arrive in 1 turn. But Castellon's troops are also going to Valencia. They will fight separately.
Actually, if I send from Castellon to Valencia, they arrive in 1 turn and fight. If I also send from Teruel to Valencia, they arrive in 1 turn and fight separately. The first one might win, the second one will fight the remaining garrison or the conqueror.
It's better to just send from Castellon, since it's closer and has more troops.
Let's send Castellon's troops to Valencia.
And send Zaragoza's troops to Teruel to reinforce it.
Zaragoza has 6 spear, 8 archer, 6 knight.
I can send, say, 3 spear, 4 archer, 3 knight to Teruel.
Then Teruel will have 3 knight (existing) + 3 spear, 4 archer, 3 knight = 3 spear, 4 archer, 6 knight. Total 13 troops. Defense: 3*2 + 4*2 + 6*2 = 6+8+12 = 26. Effective defense in village: 26 * 1.25 = 32.5. Still less than Toledo's attack (36), but better.
Actually, I can send more from Zaragoza to Teruel.
Zaragoza has 20 troops. I can send 10 to Teruel, leaving 10 in Zaragoza.
Let's send 4 spear, 4 archer, 3 knight to Teruel.
Then Teruel has 4 spear, 4 archer, 6 knight. Defense: 8+8+12 = 28. Effective: 35.
Toledo attack: 2 spear, 7 archer, 5 knight. Attack: 2*1 + 7*2 + 5*4 = 2+14+20 = 36.
36 vs 35. Very close. But Teruel is defending, so it gets 1.25x multiplier on defense? No, the effective defense in the report already includes the location bonus. So Teruel's effective defense will be 35. Toledo's attack is 36. 36 > 35, so Toledo would win if it attacks.
But I want to attack Toledo, not defend.
If I send troops from Zaragoza to Teruel, they arrive next turn. Then next turn I can attack Toledo from Teruel.
But I need to make sure I have enough troops to attack Toledo.
Let's calculate the attack power I can muster from Teruel next turn.
If I send 4 spear, 4 archer, 3 knight from Zaragoza to Teruel, next turn Teruel has 4 spear, 4 archer, 6 knight (plus the 3 knight already there? Wait, the 3 knight are already there. So total 4 spear, 4 archer, 6 knight).
Attack power: 4*1 + 4*2 + 6*4 = 4+8+24 = 36.
Toledo defense: 35.
36 > 35. I would win, but with small margin.
Can I send more?
What if I send all Zaragoza's troops to Teruel? 6 spear, 8 archer, 6 knight.
Then Teruel has 6 spear, 8 archer, 9 knight. Attack: 6+16+36 = 58. Defense: 12+16+18 = 46. Effective defense: 46 * 1.25 = 57.5.
Then Zaragoza is empty. But Zaragoza is bordered by Madrid (def 60). If Madrid attacks Zaragoza, it will be empty and lose.
So I shouldn't empty Zaragoza.
I should leave some troops in Zaragoza.
Let's send 4 spear, 4 archer, 4 knight to Teruel. Leave 2 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight in Zaragoza.
Zaragoza defense: 2*2 + 4*2 + 2*2 = 4+8+4 = 16. Effective: 16 * 1.25 = 20. Madrid attack: 68. Madrid would win.
So I need to leave more in Zaragoza.
Madrid has 2 spear, 11 archer, 11 knight. Attack: 2 + 22 + 44 = 68.
To defend Zaragoza (effective defense 50), I need defense * 1.25 >= 68? No, effective defense is already 50. So I need defense >= 68? No, effective defense is the number I see. It says "effective defense (location bonus included): 50". So the defender's effective force is 50. The attacker's force is 68. 68 > 50, so attacker wins.
Wait, "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER."
So if Madrid attacks Zaragoza, Madrid's force is 68, Zaragoza's effective defense is 50. Madrid wins.
So I need to increase Zaragoza's effective defense to at least 68.
Currently Zaragoza has 6 spear, 8 archer, 6 knight. Defense: 12+16+12 = 40. Effective defense: 50 (includes location bonus, which is 1.25x? 40 * 1.25 = 50. Yes).
To get effective defense 68, I need raw defense 68 / 1.25 = 54.4. So 55 defense.
Currently 40. I need 15 more defense.
Each spearman has 2 defense, archer 2, knight 2.
So I need about 8 more troops.
But I also need to attack.
Maybe I should attack Madrid instead of defending? But Madrid has 60 effective defense, and I only have 46 attack power from Zaragoza. Not enough.
So I need to reinforce Zaragoza.
Where can I get troops?
From Huesca, Tarragona, Barcelona, Girona.
Huesca is 1 turn from Zaragoza. Tarragona is 1 turn from Zaragoza.
Huesca has 3 spear, 2 archer, 5 knight. Attack: 3+4+20 = 27.
Tarragona has 2 spear, 3 knight. Attack: 2+12 = 14.
I can send Huesca's troops to Zaragoza.
If I send all from Huesca to Zaragoza, Zaragoza gets 3 spear, 2 archer, 5 knight.
Total Zaragoza: 6+3=9 spear, 8+2=10 archer, 6+5=11 knight. Defense: 18+20+22 = 60. Effective: 60 * 1.25 = 75. 75 > 68. Zaragoza can defend!
But then Huesca is empty. Huesca is bordered by Zaragoza (mine), Pamplona (mine), Girona (mine). So it's safe.
Pamplona is bordered by Burgos (enemy) and Vigo (enemy). Pamplona has 3 knight. Defense 6. Effective 8. Burgos attack: 2 spear, 7 archer, 1 knight = 2+14+4 = 20. Vigo attack: 8 archer, 6 knight = 16+24 = 40.
So Pamplona is very vulnerable. I need to reinforce it.
I can send troops from Zaragoza to Pamplona. But if I send Huesca to Zaragoza, and Zaragoza to Pamplona, they will meet on the road? "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there". But these are my own armies. "Your own armies never fight each other: they pass freely."
So I can send Huesca to Zaragoza, and Zaragoza to Pamplona. They will pass each other.
But travel time: Huesca to Zaragoza is 1 turn. Zaragoza to Pamplona is 1 turn.
If I send both this turn, next turn Huesca's troops arrive at Zaragoza, and Zaragoza's troops arrive at Pamplona.
So Pamplona gets reinforced next turn.
Let's calculate the numbers.
Send from Huesca to Zaragoza: 3 spear, 2 archer, 5 knight.
Send from Zaragoza to Pamplona: 4 spear, 4 archer, 4 knight.
Then Zaragoza has left: 6-4=2 spear, 8-4=4 archer, 6-4=2 knight. Plus Huesca's troops arriving next turn: 3 spear, 2 archer, 5 knight. Total next turn: 5 spear, 6 archer, 7 knight. Defense: 10+12+14 = 36. Effective: 45. Still less than Madrid's 68.
Wait, I need to keep Zaragoza strong.
Maybe I shouldn't send from Zaragoza to Pamplona. I should send from somewhere else to Pamplona.
Pamplona is connected to Zaragoza, Huesca, Burgos, Vigo.
I can send from Huesca to Pamplona directly? Huesca is connected to Pamplona?
Let's check the road network:
[20] Huesca: [17], [19], [23]
[19] Pamplona: [14], [17], [20]
Yes! Huesca is directly connected to Pamplona!
So I can send from Huesca to Pamplona in 1 turn.
And I can send from Zaragoza to Zaragoza? No, I need to reinforce Zaragoza.
Where can I get troops for Zaragoza?
From Tarragona, Barcelona, Girona.
Tarragona is connected to Zaragoza: [21] Tarragona: [17], [18], [22]. Yes, Tarragona to Zaragoza is 1 turn.
Barcelona is connected to Tarragona, so Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza is 2 turns.
Girona is connected to Huesca, so Girona -> Huesca -> Zaragoza is 2 turns.
So I can send from Tarragona to Zaragoza.
Tarragona has 2 spear, 3 knight.
If I send them to Zaragoza, Zaragoza gets 2 spear, 3 knight.
Then Zaragoza total: 6+2=8 spear, 8 archer, 6+3=9 knight. Defense: 16+16+18 = 50. Effective: 62.5. Still less than 68.
I need more.
What if I send from Barcelona to Tarragona, and Tarragona to Zaragoza? That takes 2 turns for Barcelona troops.
But I can send from Girona to Huesca, and Huesca to Zaragoza? 2 turns.
I need to reinforce Zaragoza this turn, because the enemy might attack next turn.
Wait, the enemy writes their orders at the same time as me. So they don't know my moves. They will attack based on the current state.
Currently, Zaragoza has 20 troops, effective defense 50. Madrid has 68 attack. So Madrid can defeat Zaragoza if it attacks.
But will Madrid attack? The enemy is King A. They might attack Zaragoza.
To prevent this, I need to increase Zaragoza's defense.
But I can only send troops that are available now.
Available to send to Zaragoza:
- From Huesca: 3 spear, 2 archer, 5 knight. (1 turn)
- From Tarragona: 2 spear, 3 knight. (1 turn)
- From Girona: 4 spear, 5 knight. (2 turns via Huesca)
- From Barcelona: 6 spear, 1 archer, 7 knight. (3 turns via Tarragona)
- From Teruel: 3 knight. (1 turn)
- From Castellon: 5 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight. (2 turns via Teruel)
- From Pamplona: 3 knight. (1 turn)

So I can send from Huesca, Tarragona, Teruel, Pamplona to Zaragoza in 1 turn.
Total available in 1 turn:
Huesca: 3 spear, 2 archer, 5 knight
Tarragona: 2 spear, 3 knight
Teruel: 3 knight
Pamplona: 3 knight
Total: 5 spear, 2 archer, 14 knight.
If I send all these to Zaragoza, Zaragoza gets 5 spear, 2 archer, 14 knight.
But then Huesca, Tarragona, Teruel, Pamplona are empty!
Huesca is safe (surrounded by mine).
Tarragona is safe (surrounded by mine).
Teruel is bordered by Toledo, Cordoba, Valencia. If empty, it could be attacked.
Pamplona is bordered by Burgos, Vigo. If empty, it could be attacked.
So I can't empty them.
I need to balance.
Let's think about the enemy's likely moves.
The enemy has Madrid, Toledo, Burgos, Valencia, etc.
Madrid is the strongest. It might attack Zaragoza.
Toledo might attack Teruel.
Burgos might attack Pamplona.
Valencia might attack Castellon.
I need to defend Zaragoza, Teruel, Pamplona, Castellon.
Castellon is attacking Valencia, so it will be empty. But if I conquer Valencia, Castellon is safe.
Teruel has 3 knight. I should send reinforcements to Teruel.
Pamplona has 3 knight. I should send reinforcements to Pamplona.
Zaragoza needs reinforcements.
Let's send from Huesca to Zaragoza: 3 spear, 2 archer, 5 knight.
Send from Tarragona to Zaragoza: 2 spear, 3 knight.
Zaragoza gets 5 spear, 2 archer, 8 knight.
Total Zaragoza: 6+5=11 spear, 8+2=10 archer, 6+8=14 knight. Defense: 22+20+28 = 70. Effective: 87.5. This is > 68. Safe!
But Huesca and Tarragona are now empty.
Huesca is safe. Tarragona is safe.
What about Teruel and Pamplona?
I can send from Zaragoza to Teruel and Pamplona? But if I send from Zaragoza, I reduce its defense.
Zaragoza has 20 troops. I can send some to Teruel and Pamplona.
Let's send from Zaragoza to Teruel: 3 spear, 2 archer, 2 knight.
Send from Zaragoza to Pamplona: 3 spear, 2 archer, 2 knight.
Then Zaragoza left: 6-3-3=0 spear, 8-2-2=4 archer, 6-2-2=2 knight. Total 6 troops. Defense: 8+4 = 12. Effective: 15. Very weak!
But Huesca and Tarragona are sending to Zaragoza, so next turn Zaragoza will have the reinforcements.
But this turn, Zaragoza is weak. The enemy might attack it this turn? No, the enemy writes orders based on the current state. So they see Zaragoza with 20 troops. They might attack it. If they attack it, they will fight the 20 troops. Then next turn, my reinforcements arrive, but the battle already happened.
Wait, "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now."
So the enemy sees Zaragoza with 20 troops. If they order an attack on Zaragoza, it will happen this turn. My orders to send troops from Zaragoza to Teruel/Pamplona also happen this turn. So the troops leave Zaragoza, and the enemy attacks Zaragoza. The enemy will fight the remaining troops in Zaragoza.
So if I send troops from Zaragoza, I reduce its defense. The enemy might attack it and win.
To prevent this, I should NOT send troops from Zaragoza if the enemy is likely to attack it.
But I don't know if the enemy will attack it.
I need to make a decision.
Maybe I should send troops from other places to Teruel and Pamplona, and keep Zaragoza's troops.
But the only other places that can reach Teruel in 1 turn are Castellon and Zaragoza.
Castellon is sending to Valencia.
So I can't send from Castellon.
Pamplona can be reached from Huesca and Zaragoza in 1 turn.
I already sent Huesca to Zaragoza. I could send Huesca to Pamplona instead.
Let's rethink.
I need to conquer Valencia. Castellon's troops go to Valencia.
I need to reinforce Pamplona. Send Huesca to Pamplona.
I need to reinforce Teruel. Send from Zaragoza to Teruel? But then Zaragoza is weaker.
Maybe I can send from Girona to Huesca, and Huesca to Pamplona? No, Girona to Huesca is 1 turn, Huesca to Pamplona is 1 turn. So Girona troops take 2 turns to reach Pamplona.
What if I send from Barcelona to Tarragona, and Tarragona to Zaragoza? 2 turns.
I need immediate reinforcements.
Let's look at the enemy's attack capability.
Madrid: 68 attack. Zaragoza: 50 defense. Madrid wins.
Toledo: 36 attack. Teruel: 8 defense. Toledo wins.
Burgos: 20 attack. Pamplona: 8 defense. Burgos wins.
Valencia: 4 attack. Castellon: 25 defense. Castellon wins.
So if the enemy attacks, they will win Zaragoza, Teruel, and Pamplona, and lose Valencia.
That would be bad.
I need to defend Zaragoza, Teruel, Pamplona.
But I can only send troops from my existing villages.
Let's list the troops I can send without emptying vulnerable villages.
Vulnerable villages: Teruel, Pamplona, Zaragoza, Castellon.
Safe villages: Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Huesca.
Safe villages can send troops to the vulnerable ones.
Barcelona: 6 spear, 1 archer, 7 knight. Can send to Tarragona (1 turn), then to Zaragoza (2 turns). Or to Girona (1 turn), then to Huesca (1 turn), then to Zaragoza (3 turns).
Tarragona: 2 spear, 3 knight. Can send to Zaragoza (1 turn) or Castellon (1 turn).
Girona: 4 spear, 5 knight. Can send to Huesca (1 turn).
Huesca: 3 spear, 2 archer, 5 knight. Can send to Zaragoza (1 turn) or Pamplona (1 turn).

So I can send Huesca to Pamplona or Zaragoza.
I can send Tarragona to Zaragoza.
I can send Girona to Huesca (reinforce Huesca, then next turn from Huesca to Pamplona/Zaragoza).
I can send Barcelona to Tarragona (reinforce Tarragona, then next turn to Zaragoza).

Let's plan the sends for this turn:
1. Castellon -> Valencia: 5 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight. (Conquer Valencia)
2. Huesca -> Pamplona: 3 spear, 2 archer, 5 knight. (Reinforce Pamplona)
3. Tarragona -> Zaragoza: 2 spear, 3 knight. (Reinforce Zaragoza)
4. Girona -> Huesca: 4 spear, 5 knight. (Reinforce Huesca)
5. Barcelona -> Tarragona: 6 spear, 1 archer, 7 knight. (Reinforce Tarragona)

Then next turn:
- Valencia is mine. Castellon has new builds (4 spear, 1 knight).
- Pamplona has 3 knight + 3 spear, 2 archer, 5 knight = 3 spear, 2 archer, 8 knight. Defense: 6+4+16 = 26. Effective: 32.5. Burgos attack: 20. Vigo attack: 40. So Vigo could defeat Pamplona if it attacks. 40 > 32.5. Still vulnerable.
- Zaragoza has 20 troops + 2 spear, 3 knight = 8 spear, 8 archer, 9 knight. Defense: 16+16+18 = 50. Effective: 62.5. Madrid attack: 68. Still vulnerable! 68 > 62.5.
- Huesca has 10 troops + 4 spear, 5 knight = 7 spear, 2 archer, 10 knight. Defense: 14+4+20 = 38. Effective: 47.5. Safe.
- Tarragona has 5 troops + 6 spear, 1 archer, 7 knight = 8 spear, 1 archer, 10 knight. Defense: 16+2+20 = 38. Effective: 47.5. Safe.

So Zaragoza and Pamplona are still vulnerable.
I need more troops.
What if I send from Teruel to Zaragoza? Teruel has 3 knight. If I send them to Zaragoza, Zaragoza gets 3 knight. But Teruel becomes empty. Toledo could attack empty Teruel and conquer it.
But if Teruel is empty, the enemy can't attack it because it's mine? "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours". If Teruel is mine, the enemy army will stop there and fight the garrison. If the garrison is 0, they win and conquer it.
So I shouldn't empty Teruel.
What if I send from Pamplona to Zaragoza? Pamplona has 3 knight. Same problem.
So I can't send from Teruel or Pamplona.

I need to build more troops.
My build plan: 16 knights, 32 spearmen.
This will give me a lot of troops next turn.
But the enemy might attack this turn.
Let's assume the enemy attacks.
If they attack Zaragoza with Madrid (68 attack), and Zaragoza has 50 defense, Madrid wins. Zaragoza is conquered. I lose a major village.
If they attack Teruel with Toledo (36 attack), Teruel has 8 defense, Toledo wins. Teruel conquered.
If they attack Pamplona with Vigo (40 attack), Pamplona has 8 defense, Vigo wins. Pamplona conquered.
If they attack Castellon with Valencia (4 attack), Castellon has 25 defense, Castellon wins.
So I could lose Zaragoza, Teruel, Pamplona. That would be disastrous.
I must prevent this.
How can I increase their defense this turn?
I can only send troops from my villages.
The only way to increase Zaragoza's defense is to send troops to Zaragoza.
The only way to increase Teruel's defense is to send troops to Teruel.
The only way to increase Pamplona's defense is to send troops to Pamplona.
I have a limited number of troops I can send.
Let's calculate the maximum defense I can add to each.
For Zaragoza:
- From Huesca: 3 spear, 2 archer, 5 knight. Defense: 6+4+10 = 20.
- From Tarragona: 2 spear, 3 knight. Defense: 4+6 = 10.
- From Teruel: 3 knight. Defense: 6.
- From Pamplona: 3 knight. Defense: 6.
- From Girona: 4 spear, 5 knight. Defense: 8+10 = 18. (2 turns)
- From Barcelona: 6 spear, 1 archer, 7 knight. Defense: 12+2+14 = 28. (3 turns)
So in 1 turn, I can add at most 20+10+6+6 = 42 defense to Zaragoza.
But if I send from Teruel and Pamplona, they become weak.
If I send from Huesca and Tarragona, they become empty, but they are safe.
So I can send Huesca and Tarragona to Zaragoza. That adds 30 defense.
Zaragoza defense becomes 40 + 30 = 70. Effective: 87.5. Madrid attack: 68. Zaragoza wins!
But Huesca and Tarragona are empty. Are they safe?
Huesca is connected to Zaragoza (mine), Pamplona (mine), Girona (mine). So it's surrounded by mine. The enemy can't reach it without going through my villages. So it's safe.
Tarragona is connected to Barcelona (mine), Zaragoza (mine), Castellon (mine). Safe.
So I can empty Huesca and Tarragona to reinforce Zaragoza.
What about Pamplona?
Pamplona can be reinforced from Huesca (1 turn) or Zaragoza (1 turn).
If I send Huesca to Zaragoza, I can't send Huesca to Pamplona.
Can I send from Zaragoza to Pamplona? If I send from Zaragoza, I reduce its defense.
Zaragoza has 20 troops. If I send 4 spear, 4 archer, 4 knight to Pamplona, Zaragoza left: 2 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight. Defense: 4+8+4 = 16. Effective: 20. Then Huesca and Tarragona add 30 defense. Total Zaragoza defense: 16 + 30 = 46. Effective: 57.5. Madrid attack: 68. Madrid wins.
So I can't send from Zaragoza if I want to defend it.
What about Girona? Girona can send to Huesca (1 turn), then Huesca to Pamplona (2 turns). Too slow.
Barcelona can send to Tarragona (1 turn), then Tarragona to Zaragoza (2 turns). Too slow.
So I can't reinforce Pamplona in 1 turn without using Huesca or Zaragoza.
If I use Huesca for Pamplona, then Zaragoza only gets Tarragona (10 defense). Zaragoza defense: 40 + 10 = 50. Effective: 62.5. Madrid attack: 68. Madrid wins.
So I have to choose: defend Zaragoza or defend Pamplona?
Zaragoza is more important because it's the capital? No, Barcelona is the capital. Zaragoza is a border village with high defense (50). Pamplona has defense 8.
But Zaragoza is closer to Madrid, which has the largest army.
If I lose Zaragoza, Madrid can easily conquer the rest of my villages.
If I lose Pamplona, Burgos and Vigo can conquer it, but they are weaker.
Let's compare the threats:
Madrid: 68 attack. Zaragoza: 50 defense. Madrid wins.
Vigo: 40 attack. Pamplona: 8 defense. Vigo wins.
Burgos: 20 attack. Pamplona: 8 defense. Burgos wins.
Toledo: 36 attack. Teruel: 8 defense. Toledo wins.
So all three are vulnerable.
I need to defend all three.
But I don't have enough troops.
Wait, I can send troops from Castellon to Teruel instead of attacking Valencia?
Castellon has 5 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight. Attack: 21. Defense: 10+4+12 = 26. Effective: 32.5.
If I send Castellon to Teruel, Teruel gets 5 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight.
Teruel defense: 6 (3 knight) + 10+4+12 = 32. Effective: 40. Toledo attack: 36. 40 > 36. Teruel wins!
But then Valencia is not attacked. Valencia has 2 archers. It's weak, but it's an enemy village. If I don't attack it, it stays enemy. But it's not a threat because it's weak.
However, I need to conquer villages to win. I need 18 villages. I have 8. I need 10 more.
If I don't attack Valencia, I lose the chance to conquer it this turn.
But if I attack Valencia, Castellon is empty, and Teruel is weak.
Maybe I can attack Valencia from Teruel?
Teruel has 3 knight. Attack: 12. Valencia defense: 5. 12 > 5. Victory!
But then Teruel is empty. Toledo can conquer it.
So I shouldn't send Teruel's troops.
What if I send from Zaragoza to Teruel, and Castellon to Valencia?
Zaragoza sends 4 spear, 4 archer, 4 knight to Teruel.
Teruel gets these plus 3 knight = 4 spear, 4 archer, 7 knight. Defense: 8+8+14 = 30. Effective: 37.5. Toledo attack: 36. 37.5 > 36. Teruel wins!
Zaragoza left: 2 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight. Defense: 4+8+4 = 16. Effective: 20. Madrid attack: 68. Madrid wins.
So Zaragoza falls.
Then I have lost Zaragoza and Teruel is reinforced.
But I can't let Zaragoza fall.
What if I send Huesca to Zaragoza, Tarragona to Zaragoza, and Girona to Huesca?
Then Zaragoza gets Huesca + Tarragona = 5 spear, 2 archer, 8 knight. Defense added: 10+4+16 = 30.
Zaragoza total defense: 40 + 30 = 70. Effective: 87.5. Safe.
Huesca gets Girona: 4 spear, 5 knight. Defense: 8+10 = 18. Huesca total: 3+4=7 spear, 2 archer, 5+5=10 knight. Defense: 14+4+20 = 38. Effective: 47.5. Safe.
Tarragona is empty. Safe.
Now, what about Pamplona and Teruel?
I can send from Zaragoza to Pamplona and Teruel? But if I send from Zaragoza, its defense drops.
Zaragoza has 20 troops. If I send 3 spear, 3 archer, 3 knight to Pamplona, and 3 spear, 3 archer, 3 knight to Teruel.
Zaragoza left: 0 spear, 2 archer, 0 knight. Defense: 4. Effective: 5. Then plus Huesca/Tarragona (30 defense) = 34 defense. Effective: 42.5. Madrid attack: 68. Madrid wins.
So I can't send from Zaragoza.
What if I send from Barcelona to Tarragona, and Tarragona to Zaragoza? That takes 2 turns. Not helpful this turn.
What if I send from Girona to Pamplona? Girona is connected to Huesca, Huesca to Pamplona. 2 turns.
So I can't reinforce Pamplona and Teruel this turn without emptying them or Zaragoza.
This is a dilemma.
Maybe the enemy won't attack all of them?
The enemy is King A. They might have a strategy.
But I have to assume they will attack the weakest ones.
Pamplona has 8 defense. Teruel has 8 defense. Zaragoza has 50 defense.
Zaragoza is the strongest. They might attack Pamplona and Teruel.
If I reinforce Pamplona with Huesca, Pamplona becomes 32.5 defense. Vigo has 40 attack. Vigo still wins.
If I reinforce Teruel with Castellon, Teruel becomes 40 defense. Toledo has 36 attack. Teruel wins.
But then Valencia is not attacked, and Zaragoza is not reinforced.
Zaragoza has 50 defense. Madrid has 68 attack. Madrid wins.
So I lose Zaragoza.
Is there a way to reinforce Zaragoza without emptying Huesca and Tarragona?
What if I send only Tarragona to Zaragoza? Zaragoza defense: 40 + 10 = 50. Effective: 62.5. Madrid attack: 68. Madrid wins.
What if I send only Huesca to Zaragoza? Zaragoza defense: 40 + 20 = 60. Effective: 75. Madrid attack: 68. Zaragoza wins!
So I only need to send Huesca to Zaragoza to defend it.
Huesca has 3 spear, 2 archer, 5 knight. Defense: 6+4+10 = 20.
Zaragoza defense: 40 + 20 = 60. Effective: 75. 75 > 68. Safe!
Then Tarragona can be used elsewhere.
Tarragona has 2 spear, 3 knight. Defense: 4+6 = 10.
I can send Tarragona to Teruel? Tarragona to Teruel: Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> Teruel. 2 turns. Too slow.
Tarragona to Pamplona: Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> Pamplona. 2 turns. Too slow.
Tarragona to Castellon: Tarragona -> Castellon. 1 turn.
If I send Tarragona to Castellon, Castellon gets 2 spear, 3 knight.
Castellon has 5 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight. If I send them to Valencia, Castellon is empty. But if I send Tarragona to Castellon, Castellon gets reinforcements. But they arrive after the battle? No, if I send Tarragona to Castellon this turn, they arrive next turn. This turn, Castellon sends its troops to Valencia. So this turn Castellon is empty. Next turn Castellon has Tarragona's troops.
But this turn, if the enemy attacks Castellon, it's empty. Valencia has 2 archers. They could attack Castellon. But Castellon has 25 defense. If it's empty, defense is 0. So Valencia would conquer it.
So I shouldn't empty Castellon if it's going to be attacked.
But Valencia is an enemy village. Can they attack Castellon from Valencia? Yes, they are connected.
So if I send Castellon's troops to Valencia, Castellon is empty. Valencia's troops could attack Castellon this turn.
Wait, "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS". So if I order Castellon to attack Valencia, and the enemy orders Valencia to attack Castellon, both happen.
My troops leave Castellon and march to Valencia. They fight Valencia's garrison.
Valencia's troops leave Valencia and march to Castellon. They fight Castellon's garrison.
But Castellon's garrison is empty (I sent them all). So Valencia's troops arrive at Castellon and find it empty. Do they conquer it? "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". If Castellon is mine, but empty, they stop there and fight. Since there are no troops, they win and conquer it.
So I would lose Castellon and gain Valencia. That's a net zero change in villages, but I lose Castellon which has resources.
So I shouldn't send all troops from Castellon.
I should leave some in Castellon to defend it.
How many?
Valencia has 2 archers. Attack: 4.
Castellon defense if I leave some troops.
If I send 3 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight to Valencia, leave 2 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight in Castellon.
Castellon defense: 2*2 + 1*2 + 1*2 = 4+2+2 = 8. Effective: 10. Valencia attack: 4. 10 > 4. Castellon wins.
But the attack on Valencia: 3 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight. Attack: 3+2+8 = 13. Valencia defense: 5. 13 > 5. Valencia falls.
So I can split Castellon's troops.
Let's do that.
Castellon sends 3 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight to Valencia.
Castellon keeps 2 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight.
Then Castellon defense: 8. Effective: 10. Safe from Valencia.
Valencia is conquered.

Now, what about Teruel?
Teruel has 3 knight. Defense 6. Effective 8. Toledo attack: 36. Teruel loses.
I need to reinforce Teruel.
Where can I get troops to Teruel in 1 turn?
From Zaragoza, Castellon.
Castellon is sending to Valencia, but I can send the remaining troops from Castellon to Teruel? No, I already sent 3 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight to Valencia. The remaining 2 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight are staying in Castellon. I can't send them to Teruel because they are staying to defend Castellon.
Wait, I can send them to Teruel, and rely on Tarragona to reinforce Castellon?
Tarragona to Castellon is 1 turn. If I send Tarragona to Castellon this turn, they arrive next turn. But this turn Castellon is empty if I send all to Teruel.
So I need to balance.
Let's list all my troops and decide where to send them.

Total troops available to send (from "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW"):
Barcelona: 6 spear, 1 archer, 7 knight
Tarragona: 2 spear, 3 knight
Girona: 4 spear, 5 knight
Castellon: 5 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight
Zaragoza: 6 spear, 8 archer, 6 knight
Huesca: 3 spear, 2 archer, 5 knight
Teruel: 3 knight
Pamplona: 3 knight

Total: 26 spear, 13 archer, 35 knight.

I need to:
1. Defend Zaragoza (needs 20 defense from Huesca to reach 75 effective).
2. Defend Teruel (needs enough to beat Toledo's 36 attack).
3. Defend Pamplona (needs enough to beat Vigo's 40 attack or Burgos's 20 attack).
4. Attack Valencia (needs 13 attack to beat 5 defense).
5. Keep Castellon defended (needs 10 effective to beat Valencia's 4 attack).

Let's assign troops to these tasks.

Task 1: Defend Zaragoza.
Send Huesca to Zaragoza: 3 spear, 2 archer, 5 knight. (Defense 20)
Zaragoza defense: 40 + 20 = 60. Effective: 75. Madrid attack: 68. Zaragoza wins.
Huesca is now empty. Safe.

Task 2: Attack Valencia.
Send from Castellon: 3 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight. (Attack 13)
Valencia defense: 5. 13 > 5. Victory.
Castellon keeps 2 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight. Defense: 8. Effective: 10. Safe from Valencia.

Task 3: Defend Teruel.
Teruel has 3 knight. Defense 6. Effective 8. Toledo attack: 36. Need 36 effective defense.
Effective defense = raw defense * 1.25. So need raw defense 36 / 1.25 = 28.8. So 29 raw defense.
Currently 6. Need 23 more defense.
Where can I get 23 defense in 1 turn to Teruel?
From Zaragoza: but Zaragoza is defending itself. If I send from Zaragoza, its defense drops.
Zaragoza has 6 spear, 8 archer, 6 knight. Defense: 12+16+12 = 40.
If I send 4 spear, 4 archer, 4 knight to Teruel, defense added: 8+8+8 = 24.
Zaragoza left: 2 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight. Defense: 4+8+4 = 16.
Plus Huesca's 20 defense = 36 total. Effective: 45. Madrid attack: 68. Madrid wins.
So I can't send from Zaragoza without losing it.
What about from Girona? Girona to Teruel: Girona -> Huesca -> Zaragoza -> Teruel. 3 turns. Too slow.
Barcelona to Teruel: 3 turns. Too slow.
Tarragona to Teruel: Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> Teruel. 2 turns. Too slow.
So I can't reinforce Teruel in 1 turn without using Zaragoza or Castellon.
Castellon is used for Valencia and defending itself.
What if I don't attack Valencia, and use Castellon to reinforce Teruel?
Castellon has 5 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight. Defense: 10+4+12 = 26.
If I send all Castellon to Teruel, Teruel gets 26 defense.
Teruel total defense: 6 + 26 = 32. Effective: 40. Toledo attack: 36. Teruel wins!
Castellon is empty. Valencia can attack Castellon? Valencia has 2 archers, attack 4. If Castellon is empty, Valencia conquers it.
So I lose Castellon, but gain Teruel's defense.
But I also don't conquer Valencia.
Net change: I lose Castellon (enemy keeps it? No, Castellon is mine. If Valencia attacks it and it's empty, Valencia conquers it. So I lose Castellon. Valencia was enemy, now it's still enemy? No, if Valencia's troops conquer Castellon, Castellon becomes enemy. So I lose a village.
That's bad.
What if I leave some troops in Castellon?
Send 3 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight to Teruel. Leave 2 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight.
Castellon defense: 8. Effective: 10. Valencia attack: 4. Castellon wins.
Teruel gets 3 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight. Defense: 6+2+4 = 12? Wait, defense is 2 per troop. 3 spear (6), 1 archer (2), 2 knight (4) = 12 defense.
Teruel total defense: 6 (existing 3 knight) + 12 = 18. Effective: 22.5. Toledo attack: 36. Teruel loses.
So I need more.
Send 4 spear, 2 archer, 2 knight to Teruel. Leave 1 spear, 0 archer, 1 knight.
Castellon defense: 2+2 = 4. Effective: 5. Valencia attack: 4. 5 > 4. Castellon wins barely.
Teruel gets 4 spear, 2 archer, 2 knight. Defense: 8+4+4 = 16.
Teruel total defense: 6 + 16 = 22. Effective: 27.5. Toledo attack: 36. Teruel loses.
Send all 5 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight to Teruel. Castellon empty. Valencia conquers Castellon.
So I can't defend both Castellon and Teruel with Castellon's troops.

What if I send Tarragona to Castellon, and Castellon to Teruel?
Tarragona has 2 spear, 3 knight. Defense: 4+6 = 10.
Send Tarragona to Castellon. Castellon gets 10 defense next turn.
This turn, Castellon sends all to Teruel. Castellon empty. Valencia attacks Castellon. Valencia wins, conquers Castellon.
Then next turn, Tarragona's troops arrive at Castellon, but it's already enemy. They will fight the enemy garrison? "You may also send troops to a village YOU already owned: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." But if it's no longer mine, they will stop there and fight? "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So if Castellon is enemy, Tarragona's troops will stop at Castellon and fight the enemy garrison.
So I might be able to retake it.
But this is risky.

Let's think about the enemy's perspective.
The enemy is King A. They have Madrid, Toledo, Burgos, Valencia, etc.
They want to hold 18 villages or eliminate my villages.
They will probably attack my weakest villages: Teruel, Pamplona.
They might also attack Zaragoza if they can.
But they don't know my moves. They will write orders based on the current state.
Currently, Teruel has 3 knight (def 8), Pamplona has 3 knight (def 8), Zaragoza has 20 troops (def 50), Castellon has 10 troops (def 25).
The enemy might think: attack Teruel and Pamplona to conquer them, and maybe Zaragoza.
But they have limited troops. Madrid has 68 attack. It can defeat Zaragoza (50 defense). Toledo has 36 attack, can defeat Teruel (8 defense). Vigo has 40 attack, can defeat Pamplona (8 defense). Burgos has 20 attack, can defeat Pamplona. Valencia has 4 attack, can't defeat Castellon (25 defense).
So the likely enemy moves:
- Madrid attacks Zaragoza.
- Toledo attacks Teruel.
- Vigo or Burgos attacks Pamplona.
- Valencia might attack Castellon, but will lose.
- Other enemy villages might stay still or attack each other? No, they are all King A.

So I need to defend Zaragoza, Teruel, Pamplona.
I have Huesca, Tarragona, Girona, Barcelona, Castellon, Zaragoza, Teruel, Pamplona troops.
I can send Huesca to Zaragoza (defends it).
I can send Tarragona to Teruel? Tarragona to Teruel is 2 turns (via Zaragoza). So they won't arrive in time.
I can send Girona to Huesca (1 turn), then next turn Huesca to Teruel (2 turns). Too slow.
I can send Barcelona to Tarragona (1 turn), then Tarragona to Zaragoza (2 turns). Too slow.
So I have no way to reinforce Teruel and Pamplona in 1 turn, except by sending from Zaragoza or Castellon, which weakens them.
But if I send from Zaragoza to Teruel, Zaragoza becomes weak, and Madrid defeats it. Then I lose Zaragoza anyway.
If I send from Castellon to Teruel, Castellon becomes weak, Valencia might defeat it. Then I lose Castellon.
So I can't defend all three.
I need to choose which ones to defend.
Zaragoza is the most important because it has the highest defense and is a major hub. If I lose it, Madrid can pour into my territory.
Teruel and Pamplona are less important, but they are my only villages in the south and west.
If I lose Teruel, Toledo can attack Castellon or Zaragoza.
If I lose Pamplona, Vigo can attack Zaragoza or Huesca.
Maybe I should abandon Teruel and Pamplona, and focus on defending Zaragoza and Castellon, and conquering Valencia.
Then I have 8 villages. If I lose Teruel and Pamplona, I have 6. But I conquer Valencia, so 7. Still not 18.
But I need to expand.
Wait, if I abandon Teruel and Pamplona, the enemy conquers them. Then I have fewer villages. The enemy has more. This is a losing strategy.
I need to hold my ground.
Let's look at the numbers again.
Is there a way to send troops from multiple villages to the same target on the same turn?
"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So if I send from Huesca and Tarragona to Zaragoza, they fight separately. But they are reinforcements, not attackers. So they just join the garrison. They don't fight each other. "Your own armies never fight each other: they pass freely."
So if I send reinforcements from Huesca and Tarragona to Zaragoza, they both arrive and join the garrison. They don't fight. So they add up!
Wait, the rule says: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
This applies to ATTACKING. When you attack a village, each send fights alone.
But when you send to your OWN village, they are reinforcements. Do they fight? No, they join the garrison.
The rule says: "You may also send troops to a village YOU already owned: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements."
So if I send from Huesca and Tarragona to Zaragoza, they both arrive and join the garrison. They don't fight each other. So they add up!
This is crucial.
So I can send from Huesca, Tarragona, Girona, Barcelona, etc. to Zaragoza, and they all add up.
But the travel time must be the same for them to arrive on the same turn? No, they can arrive on different turns and still add up.
But for defense against an attack this turn, I need them to be there this turn.
Wait, the enemy attack happens this turn. My troops march this turn. They arrive at the end of the turn? Or at the beginning?
"Marching takes turns, and during those turns the enemy keeps building and moving. The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival."
So if I send troops from Huesca to Zaragoza, they take 1 turn to march. They will arrive next turn. This turn, Zaragoza only has its current troops.
So reinforcements sent this turn will arrive next turn, and will not help defend against an attack this turn.
Therefore, to defend Zaragoza this turn, I can only use troops that are already in Zaragoza, or troops that can reach it in 0 turns? There is no 0-turn march.
So I cannot reinforce Zaragoza this turn. The only way to increase its defense this turn is to move troops from other villages that are already there? No, all troops are in villages.
Wait, "The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival."
So if the enemy attacks Zaragoza this turn, they fight the current garrison. My reinforcements sent this turn will arrive next turn, after the battle.
So I cannot reinforce Zaragoza before the battle.
The only way to change Zaragoza's defense this turn is to send troops OUT of Zaragoza, which decreases it.
So Zaragoza's defense this turn is fixed at 50 (effective).
Madrid's attack is 68. Madrid will win if it attacks.
I cannot prevent this by sending reinforcements.
The only way to prevent Madrid from attacking Zaragoza is to make Madrid do something else. But I don't control the enemy.
So if the enemy attacks Zaragoza, I lose it.
Is there a way to make the enemy not attack Zaragoza?
Maybe they will attack Teruel or Pamplona instead.
But I have to assume they will attack the most valuable targets.
Given that Zaragoza has 50 defense and Madrid has 68 attack, Madrid can conquer it. The enemy might do that.
But wait, the enemy might also consider that conquering Zaragoza opens up my other villages.
If I lose Zaragoza, I lose a major producer of resources.
But I can't stop it.
So maybe I should accept that I will lose Zaragoza, and focus on defending Teruel and Pamplona, and conquering Valencia.
If I lose Zaragoza, I need to retake it later.
But for now, let's look at the overall situation.
I have 8 villages. The enemy has 16? No, total 24 villages. I have 8, enemy has 16? No, some are unexplored.
Actually, the enemy has: Valencia, Madrid, Toledo, Burgos, Murcia, Salamanca, Cordoba, Badajoz, Porto, Vigo, Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, Coimbra, Sevilha, Faro. That's 16 villages. I have 8. Total 24.
So the enemy has 16, I have 8. I need 18 to win. I need to conquer 10 more.
This is an uphill battle.
I need to start conquering quickly.
Let's look at the enemy's weak villages:
Valencia: 2 archers, def 5.
Murcia: 1 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight (last seen). Def: 2+8+2 = 12. Effective: 15.
Salamanca: 1 knight. Def: 2. Effective: 2.5.
Badajoz: 6 archers. Def: 12. Effective: 15.
Cordoba: 2 spear, 7 archer, 2 knight. Def: 4+14+4 = 22. Effective: 27.5.
Porto: 2 archer, 2 knight. Def: 4+4 = 8. Effective: 10.
Vigo: 8 archer, 6 knight. Def: 16+12 = 28. Effective: 35.
Burgos: 2 spear, 7 archer, 1 knight. Def: 4+14+2 = 20. Effective: 25.
Toledo: 2 spear, 7 archer, 5 knight. Def: 4+14+10 = 28. Effective: 35.
Madrid: 2 spear, 11 archer, 11 knight. Def: 4+22+22 = 48. Effective: 60.

So the weakest enemy villages are: Valencia (5), Salamanca (2.5), Porto (10), Murcia (15), Badajoz (15).
Salamanca is 2 turns from Zaragoza. Porto is 3 turns from Zaragoza. Murcia is 2 turns from Castellon. Badajoz is 2 turns from Teruel.
Valencia is 1 turn from Castellon and Teruel.
So I can easily conquer Valencia this turn.
I can also try to conquer Salamanca, but it's 2 turns away.
Let's focus on Valencia first.
I will send Castellon's troops to Valencia, leaving some to defend Castellon.
But what about the enemy attacks?
If the enemy attacks Zaragoza, Teruel, Pamplona, I might lose them.
But maybe the enemy won't attack all of them.
Let's check the enemy's troop positions.
The enemy has armies on the march? "ENEMY (only what your watchmen can see): - none sighted"
So no enemy armies are marching. They are all in their villages.
So the enemy will likely attack from their villages.
Which villages will they attack from?
Madrid will likely attack Zaragoza.
Toledo will likely attack Teruel.
Burgos or Vigo will likely attack Pamplona.
Valencia might attack Castellon.
So I will likely lose Zaragoza, Teruel, Pamplona, and maybe Castellon.
That would leave me with Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Huesca. 4 villages.
Then I would need to rebuild.
This seems like a losing position.
But wait, the enemy might not attack if they think they will lose.
Madrid has 68 attack, Zaragoza has 50 defense. Madrid wins, but takes losses. The enemy might not want to take losses.
But the enemy is trying to win. They will attack.
I need to find a way to defend.
What if I send troops from Zaragoza to Madrid? No, that's an attack.
What if I send troops from Teruel and Pamplona to Zaragoza to reinforce it before the battle?
But they take 1 turn to arrive. The battle happens this turn.
Wait, "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now."
So the enemy sees the map as it is now. They see Zaragoza with 20 troops. They decide to attack or not.
If they decide to attack, they send their troops. My troops also move.
The battle happens when the troops meet.
If the enemy sends troops from Madrid to Zaragoza, they take 1 turn to arrive. My troops from Teruel to Zaragoza also take 1 turn to arrive.
Do they arrive at the same time? Yes, if both are 1 turn away.
But "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So if I send from Teruel to Zaragoza, and the enemy sends from Madrid to Zaragoza, they will both arrive at Zaragoza. But Zaragoza is my village. The enemy arrives to attack it. My troops arrive to reinforce it.
Do they fight? The enemy army will fight the garrison of Zaragoza. The garrison includes the current troops plus any reinforcements that arrived before the enemy?
Actually, the order of arrival matters.
If both arrive on the same turn, who fights first?
"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
This implies that if multiple armies arrive at the same village on the same turn, they fight one after the other.
If the enemy army and my reinforcement army both arrive at Zaragoza on the same turn, they will fight. But Zaragoza is my village. The enemy is attacking it. My reinforcements are arriving to defend it.
So the enemy army will fight the current garrison first? Or the arriving reinforcements?
The rules say: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". For the enemy, Zaragoza is not theirs, so they stop and fight. For my reinforcements, Zaragoza is mine, so they join the garrison.
But if they arrive at the same time, what happens?
I think the current garrison is the one that fights. The reinforcements arrive after the battle? Or they participate in the battle?
The rule: "The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival."
So the battle uses the defense from the day the troops arrive? No, the battle happens when the troops arrive. The defense at that time is the garrison plus any reinforcements that arrived earlier.
If my reinforcements and the enemy army arrive on the same turn, I think they both arrive, and then the battle happens. But the rule says "each send fights alone". So the enemy army fights the garrison at the moment of arrival. If my reinforcements arrive at the same time, do they count as part of the garrison?
This is ambiguous.
Let's assume that reinforcements sent this turn arrive at the end of the turn, after battles. So they don't help defend against attacks that arrive on the same turn.
This is the safest assumption.
Therefore, I cannot reinforce Zaragoza this turn to defend against Madrid.
So if Madrid attacks, Zaragoza falls.
I need to accept this and plan for the future.
If Zaragoza falls, I lose it. But I can retake it later if I have enough troops.
For now, let's focus on what I can do.
I can conquer Valencia.
I can try to defend Teruel and Pamplona by sending troops from other places, but they won't arrive in time. So they will fall if attacked.
But maybe the enemy won't attack them? Maybe they will attack elsewhere.
Let's look at the map. The enemy has many villages. They might attack each other? No, they are all King A. They don't attack each other.
They will attack me.
So I will likely lose Teruel, Pamplona, Zaragoza.
But wait, I have troops in Teruel and Pamplona. If they are attacked, they will fight. If they lose, the enemy conquers them. My troops are destroyed.
So I should send my troops from Teruel and Pamplona to somewhere safe, like Zaragoza, before they are attacked.
If I send them to Zaragoza, they will arrive next turn. If Zaragoza falls this turn, they will arrive at an enemy village and fight? "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". If Zaragoza is enemy, my troops from Teruel will stop there and fight the enemy garrison. They might conquer it for me!
So even if Zaragoza falls, my reinforcements arriving from Teruel might retake it.
This is a good strategy: send all troops from Teruel and Pamplona to Zaragoza. If Zaragoza falls, they will fight to retake it. If Zaragoza holds, they reinforce it.
Let's do that.
Send Teruel's 3 knight to Zaragoza.
Send Pamplona's 3 knight to Zaragoza.
They will arrive next turn.
This turn, Teruel and Pamplona have fewer troops, but they are going to be attacked anyway. If they are empty, the enemy will conquer them without a fight. That's fine, I can't defend them anyway.
But wait, if I send them to Zaragoza, they will march. During the march, they are on the road. If the enemy attacks Teruel, my troops are already gone. So Teruel is empty. The enemy conquers it.
But my troops are marching to Zaragoza. They will arrive next turn.
If Zaragoza is conquered by Madrid this turn, next turn my troops arrive and fight the enemy garrison. They might retake it.
This is a good gamble.
What about Castellon? I should send some troops to Valencia to conquer it, and leave some to defend Castellon.
But if I send troops from Castellon to Valencia, Castellon is weaker. Valencia might attack it.
But Valencia has only 2 archers. If I leave 2 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight, Castellon defense is 10, Valencia attack is 4. Castellon wins.
So I can do that.
What about Huesca, Tarragona, Girona, Barcelona?
They are safe. I can send their troops to Zaragoza to reinforce it, or to other places.
If I send Huesca to Zaragoza, they arrive next turn. If Zaragoza falls, they help retake it.
So I can send Huesca, Tarragona, Girona, Barcelona to Zaragoza.
But they take different times to arrive.
Huesca to Zaragoza: 1 turn.
Tarragona to Zaragoza: 1 turn.
Girona to Huesca to Zaragoza: 2 turns.
Barcelona to Tarragona to Zaragoza: 2 turns.
So Huesca and Tarragona will arrive next turn. Girona and Barcelona will arrive in 2 turns.
I should send them all to Zaragoza.
Then Zaragoza will get a massive reinforcement over the next few turns.
Let's calculate the total troops I can send to Zaragoza:
From Teruel: 3 knight.
From Pamplona: 3 knight.
From Huesca: 3 spear, 2 archer, 5 knight.
From Tarragona: 2 spear, 3 knight.
From Girona: 4 spear, 5 knight.
From Barcelona: 6 spear, 1 archer, 7 knight.
Total: 15 spear, 3 archer, 26 knight.
That's a lot of troops!
If Zaragoza falls, these troops will arrive and fight to retake it.
If Zaragoza holds, these troops will make it very strong.
This seems like a good plan.
But what about conquering Valencia?
I should send Castellon's troops to Valencia to conquer it.
Castellon has 5 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight.
I can send 3 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight to Valencia, leaving 2 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight to defend Castellon.
Valencia will be conquered.
So my orders:
Build: I will build 16 knights and 32 spearmen as planned.
Movements:
1. Castellon -> Valencia: 3 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight.
2. Teruel -> Zaragoza: 3 knight.
3. Pamplona -> Zaragoza: 3 knight.
4. Huesca -> Zaragoza: 3 spear, 2 archer, 5 knight.
5. Tarragona -> Zaragoza: 2 spear, 3 knight.
6. Girona -> Huesca: 4 spear, 5 knight. (They will go to Huesca, then next turn I can send them to Zaragoza)
7. Barcelona -> Tarragona: 6 spear, 1 archer, 7 knight. (They will go to Tarragona, then next turn to Zaragoza)
8. Castellon keeps 2 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight.

Wait, I can send Girona directly to Zaragoza? Girona to Zaragoza: Girona -> Huesca -> Zaragoza. 2 turns. They will stop at Huesca (mine) and then continue. So I can order Girona to Zaragoza directly. They will march Girona -> Huesca -> Zaragoza. They don't stop at Huesca because it's mine. So they arrive in 2 turns.
Similarly, Barcelona to Zaragoza: Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza. 2 turns.
So I can send Girona to Zaragoza and Barcelona to Zaragoza directly.
Let's do that to simplify.
So:
- Girona -> Zaragoza: 4 spear, 5 knight.
- Barcelona -> Zaragoza: 6 spear, 1 archer, 7 knight.
- Huesca -> Zaragoza: 3 spear, 2 archer, 5 knight.
- Tarragona -> Zaragoza: 2 spear, 3 knight.
- Teruel -> Zaragoza: 3 knight.
- Pamplona -> Zaragoza: 3 knight.
- Castellon -> Valencia: 3 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight.

But wait, if I send all these to Zaragoza, I am emptying almost all my villages!
Huesca, Tarragona, Girona, Barcelona, Teruel, Pamplona will be empty.
Castellon will have 2 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight.
Is this safe?
Huesca is surrounded by Zaragoza, Pamplona, Girona. If Zaragoza falls, Huesca might be attacked from Zaragoza. But Huesca is empty, so it would be conquered.
Tarragona is surrounded by Barcelona, Zaragoza, Castellon. Same.
Barcelona is the capital. If it's empty, it could be conquered. But it's far from the enemy.
The enemy would have to march through my villages to reach Barcelona.
If Zaragoza falls, the enemy can march to Tarragona, then Barcelona.
So emptying them is risky.
But if I don't empty them, I can't send so many troops to Zaragoza.
Maybe I should keep some troops in Barcelona and Girona to defend them.
Barcelona has 14 troops. I can send 6 spear, 1 archer, 7 knight, leaving 0? No, Barcelona has 14 troops total. "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 6 spearman, 1 archer, 7 knight". That's 14 troops. If I send all, Barcelona is empty.
But Barcelona is the capital. It has effective defense 42. If it's empty, defense 0.
I should leave some troops in Barcelona.
But the report says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 6 spearman, 1 archer, 7 knight". That means these are the troops I can send. The total troops at home is 14. So if I send all, Barcelona is empty.
I should leave some. Let's say I send 4 spear, 0 archer, 5 knight, leaving 2 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight.
But the JSON requires me to specify how many to send. I can send less than available.
So I can choose to send fewer.
Let's decide on a conservative plan.
I will send some troops to Zaragoza, but keep some in the source villages for defense.
But the most important thing is to have a strong Zaragoza garrison.
Let's send the following to Zaragoza:
- From Huesca: 3 spear, 2 archer, 5 knight (all)
- From Tarragona: 2 spear, 3 knight (all)
- From Teruel: 3 knight (all)
- From Pamplona: 3 knight (all)
- From Girona: 2 spear, 3 knight (leaving 2 spear, 2 knight)
- From Barcelona: 4 spear, 1 archer, 5 knight (leaving 2 spear, 0 archer, 2 knight)
- From Castellon: send to Valencia, not Zaragoza.

Total to Zaragoza: 3+2+0+0+2+4 = 11 spear, 2+0+0+0+0+1 = 3 archer, 5+3+3+3+3+5 = 22 knight.
That's 36 troops.
Zaragoza current: 6 spear, 8 archer, 6 knight (20 troops).
Total Zaragoza next turn: 17 spear, 10 archer, 28 knight (55 troops).
Defense: 34+20+56 = 110. Effective: 137.5. Very strong!
But some villages are left weak.
Huesca: empty. Safe? Huesca is connected to Zaragoza, Pamplona, Girona. If Zaragoza falls, Huesca is exposed. But if Zaragoza holds, Huesca is safe.
Tarragona: empty. Safe if Zaragoza holds.
Teruel: empty. If it falls, it's lost. But I sent all troops.
Pamplona: empty. Same.
Girona: 2 spear, 2 knight. Defense: 4+4 = 8. Effective: 10. Safe? Girona is connected to Huesca and Barcelona. If Huesca is empty, Girona might be attacked from Zaragoza via Huesca. But Zaragoza is mine, so no enemy can come through it.
Barcelona: 2 spear, 2 knight. Defense: 4+4 = 8. Effective: 10. Safe.
Castellon: 2 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight. Defense: 4+2+2 = 8. Effective: 10. Safe from Valencia (4 attack).

This seems like a reasonable balance.
I will also build troops as planned.
Let's refine the build plan to match the troop counts.
I need to build troops in the villages that still have resources.
All my villages will have resources this turn.
I'll build 16 knights and 32 spearmen as calculated.
But wait, if I send all troops from some villages, they will have 0 troops at home. The cap is 300, so they can still build.
The builds will arrive next turn, adding to the garrison.
So even if a village is empty now, next turn it will have the new builds.
So the builds are good.

Let's write the JSON.

Builds:
I need to specify the villageId, type, quantity.
I'll build knights in villages with high iron, and spearmen in others.
Let's list the builds:
Barcelona: 1 knight, 4 spear
Tarragona: 2 knights, 4 spear
Girona: 1 knight, 4 spear
Castellon: 1 knight, 4 spear
Zaragoza: 1 knight, 4 spear
Huesca: 2 knights, 4 spear
Teruel: 4 knights, 4 spear
Pamplona: 4 knights, 4 spear

Wait, I need to check if the villages can afford it.
Barcelona: wood 95, iron 40. 1 knight (30w, 30i) + 4 spear (60w, 0i) = 90w, 30i. OK.
Tarragona: wood 125, iron 60. 2 knights (60w, 60i) + 4 spear (60w, 0i) = 120w, 60i. OK.
Girona: wood 95, iron 30. 1 knight (30w, 30i) + 4 spear (60w, 0i) = 90w, 30i. OK.
Castellon: wood 95, iron 40. 1 knight (30w, 30i) + 4 spear (60w, 0i) = 90w, 30i. OK.
Zaragoza: wood 90, iron 30. 1 knight (30w, 30i) + 4 spear (60w, 0i) = 90w, 30i. OK.
Huesca: wood 120, iron 60. 2 knights (60w, 60i) + 4 spear (60w, 0i) = 120w, 60i. OK.
Teruel: wood 180, iron 120. 4 knights (120w, 120i) + 4 spear (60w, 0i) = 180w, 120i. OK.
Pamplona: wood 190, iron 120. 4 knights (120w, 120i) + 4 spear (60w, 0i) = 180w, 120i. OK.

Total knights: 1+2+1+1+1+2+4+4 = 16.
Total spearmen: 4*8 = 32.

Movements:
1. Castellon -> Valencia: 3 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight.
2. Teruel -> Zaragoza: 3 knight.
3. Pamplona -> Zaragoza: 3 knight.
4. Huesca -> Zaragoza: 3 spear, 2 archer, 5 knight.
5. Tarragona -> Zaragoza: 2 spear, 3 knight.
6. Girona -> Zaragoza: 2 spear, 3 knight. (leaving 2 spear, 2 knight in Girona)
7. Barcelona -> Zaragoza: 4 spear, 1 archer, 5 knight. (leaving 2 spear, 0 archer, 2 knight in Barcelona)
8. Castellon keeps 2 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight. (no movement)

Wait, I need to specify the movements as JSON.
Each movement is an object with fromId, toId, troops.
I can send multiple movements from the same village? Yes, as long as I don't exceed the available troops.
For Castellon, I am sending 3 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight to Valencia. The remaining 2 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight stay. So only one movement from Castellon.
For Girona, I send 2 spear, 3 knight to Zaragoza. The rest stay.
For Barcelona, I send 4 spear, 1 archer, 5 knight to Zaragoza. The rest stay.

Let's double check the available troops:
Castellon: 5 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight. Send 3 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight. Remaining: 2 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight. OK.
Girona: 4 spear, 0 archer, 5 knight. Send 2 spear, 0 archer, 3 knight. Remaining: 2 spear, 0 archer, 2 knight. OK.
Barcelona: 6 spear, 1 archer, 7 knight. Send 4 spear, 1 archer, 5 knight. Remaining: 2 spear, 0 archer, 2 knight. OK.
Huesca: 3 spear, 2 archer, 5 knight. Send all. OK.
Tarragona: 2 spear, 0 archer, 3 knight. Send all. OK.
Teruel: 0 spear, 0 archer, 3 knight. Send all. OK.
Pamplona: 0 spear, 0 archer, 3 knight. Send all. OK.

Total sent to Zaragoza:
From Huesca: 3 spear, 2 archer, 5 knight
From Tarragona: 2 spear, 3 knight
From Teruel: 3 knight
From Pamplona: 3 knight
From Girona: 2 spear, 3 knight
From Barcelona: 4 spear, 1 archer, 5 knight
Total: 11 spear, 3 archer, 22 knight. (36 troops)
Plus Zaragoza's own 20 troops = 56 troops next turn.

This is a solid plan.
Now, let's write the "plan" and "statement".

Plan: I am sending almost all my troops to Zaragoza to create a massive fortress. I am conquering Valencia with Castellon's troops. I am building knights and spearmen in all villages to rebuild my forces. I am sacrificing Teruel and Pamplona by sending their troops to Zaragoza, hoping to retake them later.

Statement: I have ordered a full mobilization. All available troops from the southern and eastern villages are marching to Zaragoza to form an unbreakable wall. Castellon's army is sent to conquer the weak Valencia garrison. My builders are working overtime, forging knights and spearmen in every village. I will not let the enemy break my kingdom!

Let's format the JSON.
The build list should have 16 objects? No, I can combine builds per village.
The JSON format is:
"build": [ {"villageId": <id>, "type": <type>, "quantity": <n>}, ... ]
So I can have multiple entries per village.
For example:
{"villageId": 22, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
{"villageId": 22, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4}
etc.

Let's write it out.

Builds:
[22] Barcelona: 1 knight, 4 spearman
[21] Tarragona: 2 knight, 4 spearman
[23] Girona: 1 knight, 4 spearman
[18] Castellon: 1 knight, 4 spearman
[17] Zaragoza: 1 knight, 4 spearman
[20] Huesca: 2 knight, 4 spearman
[13] Teruel: 4 knight, 4 spearman
[19] Pamplona: 4 knight, 4 spearman

Movements:
{"fromId": 18, "toId": 16, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 1, "knight": 2}}
{"fromId": 13, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 3}}
{"fromId": 19, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 3}}
{"fromId": 20, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 2, "knight": 5}}
{"fromId": 21, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 3}}
{"fromId": 23, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 3}}
{"fromId": 22, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 1, "knight": 5}}

Wait, I need to check if I have enough troops in Girona and Barcelona to send what I said.
Girona: 4 spear, 5 knight. Send 2 spear, 3 knight. OK.
Barcelona: 6 spear, 1 archer, 7 knight. Send 4 spear, 1 archer, 5 knight. OK.

Let's double check the total troops sent from Barcelona: 4 spear, 1 archer, 5 knight. Available: 6 spear, 1 archer, 7 knight. OK.

Now, the plan and statement.
Plan: "I am concentrating all my forces at Zaragoza to create an unassailable fortress. Castellon is attacking Valencia to conquer it and expand my territory. I am sending all troops from Teruel, Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona, Girona, and Barcelona to Zaragoza. I am building 16 knights and 32 spearmen to rebuild my armies. I accept that I might lose Teruel and Pamplona temporarily, but I will retake them with the Zaragoza horde."

Statement: "My armies are on the move! I have ordered every available soldier to march on Zaragoza, forming a mighty host that will crush the enemy. Castellon's troops are sent to Valencia to claim it for the crown. My blacksmiths are working day and night to forge new knights and spearmen. The enemy will soon learn the cost of crossing King B!"

Let's review the rules.
"Each village you hold produces resources every turn, and resources are what build your army."
"Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."
I checked the costs. All builds are affordable.

"Orders are SIMULTANEOUS"
"Armies march along the ROAD NETWORK"
I checked the roads. All movements are along roads.
Castellon to Valencia: [18] to [16]. Road exists.
Teruel to Zaragoza: [13] to [17]. Road exists.
Pamplona to Zaragoza: [19] to [17]. Road exists.
Huesca to Zaragoza: [20] to [17]. Road exists.
Tarragona to Zaragoza: [21] to [17]. Road exists.
Girona to Zaragoza: [23] to [20] to [17]. Road exists. March takes 2 turns? Girona to Huesca is 1 turn, Huesca to Zaragoza is 1 turn. Total 2 turns. But I ordered Girona to Zaragoza directly. They will march along the road, passing through Huesca (mine). So they will arrive in 2 turns.
Barcelona to Zaragoza: [22] to [21] to [17]. 2 turns.
This is fine.

"An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours"
For Girona to Zaragoza, the path is Girona -> Huesca -> Zaragoza. Huesca is mine, so they pass through. They stop at Zaragoza (mine) and join the garrison.
For Barcelona to Zaragoza: Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza. Tarragona is mine. They pass through. Zaragoza is mine. They join.

Wait, if I send Tarragona's troops to Zaragoza, they take 1 turn. If I send Barcelona's troops to Zaragoza, they take 2 turns. They will arrive on different turns. That's fine.

Let's check the travel times from the report:
"from here to your nearest border village [18] Castellon: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" - this is for Barcelona.
But I am sending Barcelona to Zaragoza. The report says: "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Girona? No, that was for Girona to Zaragoza.
Actually, the report gives march distances from each village.
For Barcelona: "from here to your nearest border village [18] Castellon: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
But I need to go to Zaragoza. Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza.
The distance is not given directly, but I can infer it.
It doesn't matter much. The orders are valid as long as the road exists.

One thing: I am sending troops from Girona and Barcelona to Zaragoza. They will pass through Huesca and Tarragona respectively. But I am also sending Huesca and Tarragona's troops to Zaragoza. So those villages will be empty when the Girona/Barcelona troops pass through. That's fine, they just pass through.

Let's make sure I don't send troops that a village doesn't have.
Castellon: 5 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight. Send 3 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight. OK.
Teruel: 3 knight. Send 3 knight. OK.
Pamplona: 3 knight. Send 3 knight. OK.
Huesca: 3 spear, 2 archer, 5 knight. Send all. OK.
Tarragona: 2 spear, 3 knight. Send all. OK.
Girona: 4 spear, 5 knight. Send 2 spear, 3 knight. OK.
Barcelona: 6 spear, 1 archer, 7 knight. Send 4 spear, 1 archer, 5 knight. OK.

Total troops sent: 3+1+2 = 6 from Castellon. 3 from Teruel. 3 from Pamplona. 10 from Huesca. 5 from Tarragona. 5 from Girona. 10 from Barcelona. Total 42 troops sent.
Total available: 10 (Castellon) + 3 (Teruel) + 3 (Pamplona) + 10 (Huesca) + 5 (Tarragona) + 9 (Girona) + 14 (Barcelona) = 54 troops.
I am sending 42, leaving 12 in Castellon (2), Girona (2), Barcelona (2), and Zaragoza (20? No, Zaragoza's troops are not sent, they stay). Wait, Zaragoza has 20 troops. I am not sending any from Zaragoza. So Zaragoza keeps its 20.
Total troops left in villages: Castellon 2, Girona 2, Barcelona 2, Zaragoza 20. Total 26.
But I also have Tarragona, Huesca, Teruel, Pamplona empty.
Total troops: 42 sent + 26 left = 68. But my total troops were 74.
Wait, let's recount.
My villages total troops: 14 (Barcelona) + 5 (Tarragona) + 9 (Girona) + 10 (Castellon) + 20 (Zaragoza) + 10 (Huesca) + 3 (Teruel) + 3 (Pamplona) = 74.
I am sending:
Barcelona: 10 (leaving 4? No, 14 - 10 = 4. But I said leave 2 spear, 0 archer, 2 knight. That's 4 troops. OK.)
Tarragona: 5 (leaving 0)
Girona: 5 (leaving 4? 9 - 5 = 4. I said leave 2 spear, 2 knight. That's 4. OK.)
Castellon: 6 (leaving 4? 10 - 6 = 4. I said leave 2 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight. That's 4. OK.)
Zaragoza: 0 (leaving 20)
Huesca: 10 (leaving 0)
Teruel: 3 (leaving 0)
Pamplona: 3 (leaving 0)
Total sent: 10+5+5+6+0+10+3+3 = 42.
Total left: 4+0+4+4+20+0+0+0 = 32.
Total: 42+32 = 74. Correct.

So the numbers are consistent.

Now, let's write the final JSON.
I need to make sure the JSON is valid.
The "build" array will have 16 entries (one for each knight and spearman group, or I can combine them per village per type).
Actually, I can have one entry per village per type.
For example:
{"villageId": 22, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
{"villageId": 22, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4}
etc.

Let's list them all:
Barcelona: 1 knight, 4 spearman
Tarragona: 2 knight, 4 spearman
Girona: 1 knight, 4 spearman
Castellon: 1 knight, 4 spearman
Zaragoza: 1 knight, 4 spearman
Huesca: 2 knight, 4 spearman
Teruel: 4 knight, 4 spearman
Pamplona: 4 knight, 4 spearman

Total 16 knights, 32 spearmen.

Movements:
Castellon to Valencia: 3 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight
Teruel to Zaragoza: 3 knight
Pamplona to Zaragoza: 3 knight
Huesca to Zaragoza: 3 spear, 2 archer, 5 knight
Tarragona to Zaragoza: 2 spear, 3 knight
Girona to Zaragoza: 2 spear, 3 knight
Barcelona to Zaragoza: 4 spear, 1 archer, 5 knight

Let's write the JSON.

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 13, "type": "knight", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 13, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 19, "type": "knight", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 19, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 18, "toId": 16, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 1, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 13, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 3}},
    {"fromId": 19, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 3}},
    {"fromId": 20, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 2, "knight": 5}},
    {"fromId": 21, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 3}},
    {"fromId": 23, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 3}},
    {"fromId": 22, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 1, "knight": 5}}
  ],
  "plan": "I am concentrating all my forces at Zaragoza to create an unassailable fortress. Castellon is attacking Valencia to conquer it and expand my territory. I am sending all troops from Teruel, Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona, Girona, and Barcelona to Zaragoza. I am building 16 knights and 32 spearmen to rebuild my armies. I accept that I might lose Teruel and Pamplona temporarily, but I will retake them with the Zaragoza horde.",
  "statement": "My armies are on the move! I have ordered every available soldier to march on Zaragoza, forming a mighty host that will crush the enemy. Castellon's troops are sent to Valencia to claim it for the crown. My blacksmiths are working day and night to forge new knights and spearmen. The enemy will soon learn the cost of crossing King B!"
}

I should check if the "plan" and "statement" are within the length limits. "anything past 600 characters is cut off" for plan. My plan is about 400 characters. Statement is 2-4 lines. It's fine.

One final check: the enemy capital is Lisboa [0]. I am not attacking it. That's fine.
I currently hold 8 of 24. I need 18. Conquering Valencia will make it 9. I need 9 more.
My plan is to consolidate and then expand.
This seems like a reasonable turn.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":18,"destinoId":16,"tropas":{"lanceiro":3,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":13,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":3}},{"origemId":19,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":3}},{"origemId":20,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":3,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":5}},{"origemId":21,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":3}},{"origemId":23,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":3}},{"origemId":22,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":5}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [18]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [20]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [20]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [20]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [20]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [20]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [20]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [13]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [13]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [13]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [13]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [13]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [13]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [13]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [13]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [19]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [19]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [19]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [19]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO envio [18]->[16]: 3S+1A+2K
ACEITO envio [13]->[17]: 3K
ACEITO envio [19]->[17]: 3K
ACEITO envio [20]->[17]: 3S+2A+5K
ACEITO envio [21]->[17]: 2S+3K
ACEITO envio [23]->[17]: 2S+3K
ACEITO envio [22]->[17]: 4S+1A+5K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): I am concentrating all my forces at Zaragoza to create an unassailable fortress. Castellon is attacking Valencia to conquer it and expand my territory. I am sending all troops from Teruel, Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona, Girona, and Barcelona to Zaragoza. I am building 16 knights and 32 spearmen to rebuild my armies. I accept that I might lose Teruel and Pamplona temporarily, but I will retake them with the Zaragoza horde.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): My armies are on the move! I have ordered every available soldier to march on Zaragoza, forming a mighty host that will crush the enemy. Castellon's troops are sent to Valencia to claim it for the crown. My blacksmiths are working day and night to forge new knights and spearmen. The enemy will soon learn the cost of crossing King B!
COMBATE [13] Teruel: atacante B Fatk=20 (ef 30) Fdef=16 (ef 20) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~7
COMBATE [19] Pamplona: atacante B Fatk=20 (ef 30) Fdef=20 (ef 25) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~8
REFORCO [20] Huesca dono B: 3K
placar: A 16 ald/tropas 123 | B 8 ald/tropas 32 | neutras 0 | transito 7 (A 0 | B 7)

########## TURNO 25 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4533 | resposta 33144 | raciocinio 28743 | finish stop | ms 342834
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 15, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 5},\n    {\"villageId\": 8, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 14, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 12, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 12},\n    {\"villageId\": 11, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 7, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 5}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 8, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 4, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 14, \"toId\": 19, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 5, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 12, \"toId\": 14, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 4, \"toId\": 8, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 3}},\n    {\"fromId\": 10, \"toId\": 14, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 11, \"toId\": 15, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 9, \"toId\": 11, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 6, \"toId\": 7, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 0}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"We are launching a two-pronged attack this turn: Toledo strikes Teruel, Burgos strikes Pamplona, while we reinforce our borders from interior villages. We are building archers across our realm to swell our ranks, focusing on Murcia and the border cities. Next turn, we will turn our attention to Valencia, taking it from the weakened enemy. Our aim is to hold 18 villages by the end of next turn and consolidate our hold.\",\n  \"statement\": \"Our armies have set out for Teruel and Pamplona, while reinforcements rush to shore up our vulnerable borders, especially Murcia. The builders are working overtime, churning out archers and knights. We expect to conquer two enemy villages this turn and will press the advantage next turn against Valencia. The enemy may try to counterattack, but our defenses are ready.\"\n}"
raciocinio: We need to output a JSON object with fields: build, movements, plan, statement.

We are King A, currently hold 15 villages, need 18 (75% of 24) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate all enemy villages. Enemy capital is Barcelona [22] but not required to win. We have 15 of 24 villages. Enemy has many villages: 13,16,17,18,19,20,21,22,23? Actually total villages 24, we have 15, enemy has the rest? We have 15, so enemy has 9. But we need to hold 18 for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. So we need to conquer 3 more villages to reach 18, and hold them for 2 turns. Or we can eliminate all enemy villages, which would require conquering all of them. That's harder.

Current situation: We have many troops at various villages. We need to plan attacks.

We have border villages: Toledo [8] border with [13] Teruel (enemy). Madrid [12] border with [17] Zaragoza (enemy). Burgos [14] border with [19] Pamplona (enemy). Murcia [15] border with [16] Valencia (enemy). Also we have interior villages.

We can see enemy villages: Teruel [13] garrison: 4 spearmen, 4 knights, effective defense 20. Zaragoza [17] garrison: 15 spearmen, 10 archers, 21 knights, effective defense 115 (very strong). Valencia [16] garrison: 2 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight, effective defense 10. Pamplona [19] garrison: 4 spearmen, 4 knights, effective defense 20.

Also known from before: Castellon [18] last seen: 5 spearmen, 2 archers, 3 knights. Huesca [20] last seen: 3 spearmen, 2 archers. Tarragona [21] last seen: 7 spearmen, 2 archers, 8 knights. Barcelona [22] unknown. Girona [23] unknown.

We need to conquer villages. The easiest ones are Valencia [16] (defense 10) and maybe Teruel [13] (defense 20) or Pamplona [19] (defense 20). But we need to consider reinforcements and enemy movements.

Enemy has armies marching toward Zaragoza [17] arriving in 1 turn (two armies). They might be reinforcing Zaragoza. Also last turn they attacked Valencia and conquered it (we lost Valencia? Actually the report says "King B attacked [16] Valencia: VICTORY, conquered". So Valencia is now enemy again? Wait, we have [16] Valencia listed as ENEMY (King B). So we lost it. We need to take it back.

We need to hold 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns. Currently we have 15. So we need to conquer at least 3 more. The enemy has 9 villages: 13,16,17,18,19,20,21,22,23. If we conquer 3, we get 18. But we must hold them for 2 turns, meaning we need to defend them from enemy counterattacks.

Alternatively, we could try to eliminate all enemy villages, but that's more difficult.

We should focus on conquering weaker enemy villages: Valencia [16] (defense 10), Teruel [13] (defense 20), Pamplona [19] (defense 20). Also maybe Castellon [18] (last seen defense? We don't have current defense, but last seen garrison 5 spearmen, 2 archers, 3 knights, effective defense unknown). But we can only attack villages we can see or have road access to.

We have troops available at each village. We need to send troops to attack. We can send from multiple villages, but each send fights alone. So we need to combine forces? Actually "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So we cannot combine forces from multiple villages into one army; each army must be sent from a single village. So we need to send a strong enough army from one village to defeat the garrison.

We need to calculate effective attack power. Attack power depends on troop types and counter triangle.

Let's list our villages with available troops and attack power if all sent:

Lisboa [0]: 0 spear, 4 archer, 4 knight. Attack power: 24 (as given). But we need to compute effective attack against specific enemy. The report gives "attack power if all sent: 24". That's likely the raw sum of attacks? Spearman attack 1, archer 2, knight 4. So 0*1 + 4*2 + 4*4 = 8+16=24. Yes.

Santarem [1]: 0 spear, 8 archer, 3 knight -> 8*2+3*4=16+12=28.

Evora [2]: 0 spear, 4 archer, 4 knight -> 24.

Coimbra [3]: 0 spear, 8 archer, 2 knight -> 16+8=24.

Badajoz [4]: 0 spear, 1 archer, 3 knight -> 2+12=14.

Faro [5]: 0 spear, 13 archer, 3 knight -> 26+12=38.

Porto [6]: 0 spear, 1 archer, 0 knight -> 2.

Salamanca [7]: 1 spear, 4 archer, 3 knight -> 1*1 + 4*2 + 3*4 = 1+8+12=21.

Toledo [8]: 2 spear, 7 archer, 5 knight -> 2*1 + 7*2 + 5*4 = 2+14+20=36.

Vigo [10]: 0 spear, 1 archer, 0 knight -> 2.

Sevilha [9]: 0 spear, 3 archer, 0 knight -> 6.

Cordoba [11]: 0 spear, 0 archer, 1 knight -> 4.

Madrid [12]: 2 spear, 11 archer, 11 knight -> 2+22+44=68.

Burgos [14]: 2 spear, 7 archer, 1 knight -> 2+14+4=20.

Murcia [15]: 0 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight -> 2+4=6.

We also have troops at home, but we can send them. We need to consider travel time. We want to attack quickly.

Targets:
- Valencia [16]: defense 10. It is enemy. March from Murcia [15] is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So if we send from Murcia, we have 1 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight? Actually Murcia has 0 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight, attack power 6. That's not enough to beat defense 10? But we need to consider effective attack after counter and defense bonuses.

Combat rules: When attacking, our troops count their ATTACK; defender counts DEFENSE. Counter triangle: spearman counters knight (multiplies force by 1.5), archer counters spearman, knight counters archer. The most numerous type sets the counter matchup. So we need to determine the composition of our attacking army and the defender's composition to see if we get a counter bonus.

Also defender gets location bonus: defense counts x1.25 in a village, x1.5 in a castle. The effective defense given already includes location bonus. So for Valencia, effective defense is 10. That means the raw defense of the garrison multiplied by 1.25 (since it's a village) is 10, so raw defense = 8. The garrison is 2 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight. Defense values: spearman 2, archer 2, knight 2. So total raw defense = 2*2 + 1*2 + 1*2 = 4+2+2=8. Times 1.25 = 10. Yes.

Our attack power from Murcia if we send all: 1 archer (attack 2) + 1 knight (attack 4) = 6. No spearman. So our most numerous type? We have 1 archer, 1 knight, tie. Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So archer is considered most numerous? Actually tie in count: we have 1 archer and 1 knight. The rule: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So if tie, we go down the list: spearman first, then archer, then knight. Since we have no spearman, the next is archer. So archer is most numerous. So our army's counter type is archer. Archer counters spearman. The defender's most numerous type: they have 2 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous is spearman (2). So defender's type is spearman. Archer counters spearman, so we get a 1.5 multiplier on our force. Our effective attack = 6 * 1.5 = 9. Defender's effective defense = 10 (already includes bonus). We have 9 vs 10, defender wins (tie favors defender). So we would lose. We need more troops.

We could send from a closer village? From Toledo [8] to Valencia: road? Toledo connects to [13] Teruel, [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [4] Badajoz. Not directly to Valencia. To reach Valencia, we need to go through Cordoba? Actually road network: [8] Toledo connects to [4], [11], [12], [13]. [11] Cordoba connects to [8], [9], [15]. [15] Murcia connects to [11], [16]. So from Toledo to Valencia: Toledo -> Cordoba -> Murcia -> Valencia. That's 3 roads? Let's check distances: from Toledo to Cordoba is 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast? Not given. We only have march distances from each village to its nearest border village. We need to compute travel time along roads. The report gives "from here to your nearest border village [X]: ... turns". But we need to know travel time between any two villages. The road network gives connections, but not distances. However, we can infer distances from the given march times from each village to its nearest border. For example, from Toledo [8] to nearest border [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. That means the road distance is such that it takes 1 turn for slow troops, 1 for medium, 1 for fast. So the distance is 1 "slow turn". Actually "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means it takes 1 turn for each speed? That implies the distance is 1 unit? Typically in these games, a road segment has a length, and speed determines how many turns to traverse. If it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns", that means the distance is such that a slow troop takes 1 turn, medium takes 1 turn, fast takes 1 turn. So all take 1 turn. That suggests the distance is 1. But for longer roads, it might be 2 slow, etc. So we need to estimate travel times between villages not directly given.

We can look at the road network and see which villages are connected. For example, from Madrid [12] to Toledo [8] is a road. The distance? From Madrid to nearest border [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So Madrid to Zaragoza is 1 turn for all. From Toledo to Teruel is 1 turn. So likely many roads are length 1. But some are longer: from Lisboa to Toledo: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. So that's a longer road.

We need to plan attacks. Perhaps we should attack Teruel [13] from Toledo [8] because it's 1 turn away. Teruel has defense 20, garrison 4 spearmen, 4 knights. Effective defense 20. Raw defense: 4*2 + 4*2 = 8+8=16. Times 1.25 = 20. Yes.

From Toledo, we have 2 spear, 7 archer, 5 knight. Attack power 36. Let's compute effective attack. Our most numerous type: archer (7). So counter type is archer. Archer counters spearman. Defender's most numerous: spearman (4) and knight (4) tie. Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So spearman is most numerous. Archer counters spearman, so we get 1.5 multiplier. Effective attack = 36 * 1.5 = 54. Defender effective defense = 20. We win easily. But we must consider that the defender might have reinforcements arriving? The enemy is simultaneous. They might send reinforcements to Teruel or attack elsewhere. But we can try.

However, we need to hold 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns. If we attack Teruel now, we might conquer it this turn (if our army arrives and fights). But the enemy could counterattack next turn. We need to ensure we can hold it.

Also we have other fronts. Let's assess overall situation.

We have 15 villages. We need 3 more. Possible easy targets: Valencia [16] (defense 10), Teruel [13] (defense 20), Pamplona [19] (defense 20). Also maybe Castellon [18] but we don't know current defense, and it's further.

But we also need to consider that the enemy is reinforcing Zaragoza [17] heavily. Zaragoza has defense 115, very strong. We might not attack it yet.

We should also consider building troops. Each village produces resources and can build troops. We need to decide what to build and where.

We have many archers and knights already built. We might want to build more spearman? Spearman are cheap and counter knights. But we have few spearman.

Let's think about our campaign plan. We need to conquer 3 villages and hold them. Perhaps we can attack Valencia from Murcia, but we need more troops there. Murcia has only 6 attack power. We could send reinforcements from Cordoba [11] to Murcia? Cordoba has 1 knight (4 attack). But sending from Cordoba to Murcia: road? Cordoba connects to [8], [9], [15]. Murcia is [15]. So Cordoba to Murcia is direct? Actually [11] Cordoba connects to [15] Murcia? The road network says: [11] Cordoba (yours): [8], [9], [15]. Yes, direct road to Murcia. So we can send troops from Cordoba to Murcia. But travel time? Not given. We need to estimate. From Cordoba to nearest border? Cordoba is interior, no enemy border. Its nearest border village is [8] Toledo? Actually it says "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So Cordoba to Toledo is 1 turn. Cordoba to Murcia: they are connected. What's the distance? We can look at other distances. From Murcia to nearest border [16] Valencia: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So Murcia to Valencia is 1 turn. Cordoba to Murcia might be similar. But we don't know for sure. We can assume it's 1 turn for all speeds? Possibly. But we need to be careful: if we send troops from Cordoba to Murcia, they will take some turns. Meanwhile, we could send from Toledo to Valencia via Cordoba and Murcia? That would be longer.

Maybe we should attack Teruel from Toledo, and also attack Pamplona from Burgos [14]. Burgos to Pamplona is 1 turn (1 slow/1 medium/1 fast). Burgos has 2 spear, 7 archer, 1 knight, attack power 20. Pamplona defense 20, garrison 4 spear, 4 knight. Let's compute: our most numerous: archer (7). Defender most numerous: spearman and knight tie (4 each), tie breaks to spearman. Archer counters spearman, so 1.5 multiplier. Effective attack = 20 * 1.5 = 30 vs defense 20. We win.

But we need to consider that enemy might send reinforcements to Pamplona or Teruel. Also we have Madrid [12] with huge attack power 68, but it's near Zaragoza which is very strong. We could send from Madrid to attack Zaragoza? But defense 115, we have 68 attack, even with counter maybe not enough. Let's check: Madrid troops: 2 spear, 11 archer, 11 knight. Most numerous: archer (11) and knight (11) tie? Actually 11 archer, 11 knight, tie. Tie breaks: spearman, archer, knight. So archer is most numerous. So counter type archer. Defender Zaragoza: 15 spear, 10 archer, 21 knight. Most numerous: knight (21). Archer does not counter knight; knight counters archer. So we do not get counter bonus; in fact, the defender's most numerous is knight, which counters archer? Wait, the counter triangle: spearman counters knight, archer counters spearman, knight counters archer. So if our most numerous is archer, and defender's most numerous is knight, then knight counters archer. Does that give the defender a bonus? The rule: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So the bonus applies to the side that has the counter. If our most numerous is archer, and defender's most numerous is knight, then the defender has the counter (knight counters archer). So the defender would multiply their force by 1.5? Wait, the rule says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't specify attacker or defender; it says "your force". So both sides can get the counter bonus based on their own most numerous type vs the opponent's most numerous type? Actually the typical interpretation: The counter matchup is determined by the most numerous type of each army. Then, if one side's most numerous type counters the other side's most numerous type, that side gets a 1.5 multiplier on their force. If both have counter? That's impossible because the triangle is cyclic. So one side will have the counter, the other will be countered. So in this case, attacker most numerous archer, defender most numerous knight. Knight counters archer, so defender gets the counter bonus. So defender's effective force is multiplied by 1.5. But wait, the defender already has location bonus. The effective defense given (115) already includes location bonus. Does it also include counter bonus? No, the effective defense in the report is just location bonus. The counter bonus is applied during combat. So we need to compute effective attack and effective defense including counter.

So for attacking Zaragoza from Madrid: Our attack power 68. Our most numerous archer (11) vs defender most numerous knight (21). Defender has counter (knight counters archer), so defender's force is multiplied by 1.5. But what is defender's force? The garrison's defense? Actually the rule: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs." So attacker uses attack values, defender uses defense values. Then counter multiplier applies to the side that has the counter. So attacker's effective attack = sum of attacks * (1.5 if attacker has counter, else 1). Defender's effective defense = sum of defenses * (1.5 if defender has counter, else 1) * location bonus. The effective defense in report already includes location bonus. So we need to compute defender's raw defense, then apply counter if any, then location bonus? Or is location bonus already included in the 115? The report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 115". So that 115 is raw defense * 1.5? Wait, location bonus in a village is x1.25, in a castle x1.5. Zaragoza is a village? It's an enemy village, so likely x1.25. But 115 is much larger than raw defense. Let's compute raw defense of Zaragoza: 15 spear (def 2 each) = 30, 10 archer (def 2) = 20, 21 knight (def 2) = 42. Total raw defense = 30+20+42=92. Location bonus x1.25 = 115. Yes, 92*1.25=115. So effective defense 115 includes location bonus but not counter bonus.

Now if defender gets counter bonus, their effective defense becomes 115 * 1.5 = 172.5. Our attack 68, even with counter? We don't have counter. So we'd lose badly. So attacking Zaragoza is not feasible.

We should attack easier targets.

Let's list possible attacks and compute effective forces.

We need to consider that the enemy is also making moves. They have armies marching toward Zaragoza (two armies arriving in 1 turn). Those are reinforcements. They might also attack our villages. We need to defend our villages? Our interior villages have no enemy border, so they are safe from direct attack unless enemy marches through border villages. But enemy could attack our border villages: Toledo, Madrid, Burgos, Murcia. We need to ensure we have enough defense. Our border villages have effective defense: Toledo 35, Madrid 60, Burgos 25, Murcia 5. Murcia has very low defense (5). If enemy attacks Murcia, we might lose it. But Murcia is our village, we need to hold it. We could send reinforcements to Murcia or build more troops there.

Also, we need to hold 18 villages for 2 turns. If we conquer new villages, we must defend them from enemy counterattacks.

Let's think about a plan over the next several turns.

Goal: conquer 3 villages to reach 18, then hold them for 2 turns. The easiest villages to conquer are Valencia [16] (defense 10), Teruel [13] (defense 20), Pamplona [19] (defense 20). Also maybe Castellon [18] but we don't know current defense.

But we need to consider that Valencia was just conquered by enemy last turn, so they might have reinforced it? The report says "King B attacked [16] Valencia: VICTORY, conquered". So they took it. The garrison now is 2 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight (effective defense 10). That's the same as before? Actually last seen before? The report says "garrison: 2 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight | effective defense: 10 (was 3, 5 turns ago)". So they have increased it from 3 to 10. They might send more reinforcements. But currently it's weak.

We could attack Valencia from Murcia. But Murcia's attack power is only 6, not enough. We could send reinforcements from Cordoba to Murcia first, then attack next turn. Or we could send from Toledo to Valencia, but that's further.

Let's check travel times. We need to know the road distances. The report gives march distances from each village to its nearest border. But we can also infer from the road network. For example, from Toledo [8] to Valencia [16]: path: Toledo -> Cordoba [11] -> Murcia [15] -> Valencia [16]. We know Toledo to Cordoba: from Cordoba's info, "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So Cordoba to Toledo is 1 turn. So Toledo to Cordoba is also 1 turn. Cordoba to Murcia: from Cordoba, it connects to [15] Murcia. What is the distance? Not given. But from Murcia, "from here to your nearest border village [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So Murcia to Valencia is 1 turn. Cordoba to Murcia might be similar. Let's assume it's 1 turn for all speeds? But we need to be careful. The report says "march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns" for some. So distances vary. We can look at the pattern: from Lisboa to Toledo: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast. That suggests the distance is 3 "slow units", where medium is 1.5x speed? Actually if slow takes 3 turns, medium takes 2, fast takes 1, then the distance is 3 slow-turns. So the distance in "turns" depends on speed. So we need to know the distance between villages to compute travel time for a mixed army.

We can estimate distances by looking at the given march times from each village to its nearest border. For interior villages, they give time to nearest border. For example, from Salamanca [7] to nearest border [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So distance is 1 slow-turn. From Madrid to Zaragoza: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So Madrid-Zaragoza distance 1. From Toledo to Teruel: 1. So many roads are length 1. But some are longer: Lisboa to Toledo is 3 slow. So we need to compute travel time for a specific path.

We can use the fact that the game gives us the march time from each village to its nearest border. But for other paths, we might need to sum. However, we can also send troops to a village we own, and the report might tell us the march time? Actually when we order movements, we don't get a preview; we just send. But we can infer from the road network and known distances.

Maybe we should focus on attacks that are 1 turn away: Teruel from Toledo (1 turn), Pamplona from Burgos (1 turn), Valencia from Murcia (1 turn). Also Zaragoza from Madrid (1 turn) but too strong.

So we can attack Teruel and Pamplona simultaneously from Toledo and Burgos. That would conquer two villages. Then we need one more. We could attack Valencia from Murcia, but we need to strengthen Murcia first. Or we could attack Castellon from somewhere.

But we must consider that the enemy might also attack our border villages. They might attack Murcia (defense 5) or Toledo (35) or Burgos (25) or Madrid (60). Madrid is very strong. Murcia is weak. So we should reinforce Murcia or build there.

Also, we need to hold 18 for 2 turns. If we conquer Teruel and Pamplona this turn, we would have 17 villages (15+2). Then next turn we need to conquer one more to reach 18, and then hold for another turn. But we must ensure we don't lose any of our existing 15. The enemy could attack and take one of our villages. If we lose one, we go back to 14, etc.

So we need to defend our villages while attacking.

Let's list our border villages and their defenses:
- Toledo [8]: defense 35, garrison 14 (2 spear, 7 archer, 5 knight). Attack power if all sent 36. But if we send all, we leave it undefended. We should leave some troops for defense. We can build more troops or send reinforcements from interior.
- Madrid [12]: defense 60, garrison 24 (2 spear, 11 archer, 11 knight). Attack power 68. Very strong.
- Burgos [14]: defense 25, garrison 10 (2 spear, 7 archer, 1 knight). Attack power 20.
- Murcia [15]: defense 5, garrison 2 (0 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight). Attack power 6. Very weak.

Murcia is vulnerable. We should reinforce Murcia from nearby villages. Nearby: Cordoba [11] has 1 knight (4 attack). Sevilha [9] has 3 archer (6). Faro [5] has many troops but further. We could send from Cordoba to Murcia. Cordoba to Murcia distance? Let's check road: Cordoba [11] connects to [15] Murcia. What is the distance? We can look at Murcia's nearest border is [16] Valencia (1 turn). Cordoba's nearest border is [8] Toledo (1 turn). That doesn't tell us Cordoba-Murcia. But we can see that from Cordoba to Murcia, the road might be length 1 or 2. Since both are interior, likely 1 turn? But we need to be sure. We can check other villages: from Salamanca [7] to Madrid [12] is 1 turn. From Madrid to Toledo? Madrid connects to [8] Toledo. Distance? From Toledo's info, it connects to [12] Madrid. We don't have direct distance. But from Madrid to its nearest border [17] Zaragoza is 1 turn. So Madrid-Zaragoza is 1. Madrid-Toledo might be similar. Actually, looking at the road network, many connections are likely 1 turn. The exceptions are the long ones like Lisboa to Toledo (3 slow). So we can assume Cordoba-Murcia is 1 turn for all speeds? But we need to consider that if we send from Cordoba to Murcia, they will arrive in 1 turn (if distance 1). Then they can reinforce Murcia. But we need to decide whether to send them now or later.

Also, we can build troops. Each village produces resources. We can build spearman, archer, knight. We need to decide what to build where.

Let's think about our campaign plan:

Turn 25: We will order attacks on Teruel from Toledo and Pamplona from Burgos. Also we might send reinforcements to Murcia from Cordoba and/or Sevilha. Also we might build troops in various villages to prepare for next turns.

But we must consider that the enemy is acting simultaneously. They might send reinforcements to Teruel or Pamplona, or attack our villages. We don't know their moves. But we can try to guess: they just reinforced Zaragoza heavily. They might try to attack our border villages to weaken us. They might attack Murcia because it's weak. Or they might attack Toledo or Burgos. But their troops are mostly around Zaragoza. They have villages: Teruel, Valencia, Zaragoza, Pamplona, Castellon, Huesca, Tarragona, Barcelona, Girona. Their capital is Barcelona. They might send troops from Barcelona to reinforce front lines.

We need to be prepared for counterattacks.

If we send all troops from Toledo to Teruel, Toledo will be empty. If the enemy attacks Toledo next turn, they could take it. But Toledo is our village; if we lose it, we go back to 14. So we should leave some troops in Toledo for defense. Similarly for Burgos.

We need to balance attack and defense.

Let's compute effective defense of our villages if attacked. The enemy would use their attack values. We need to ensure our defense is sufficient.

We can also build more troops to increase garrisons.

Let's consider building spearman in Murcia? Spearman costs 15 wood, 0 iron. Murcia has wood 110, iron 70. It can build spearman. But it has only 2 troops at home. It can build up to 300, but resources limit. It produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. So it can build 2 spearman per turn? 15 wood each, so 30 wood -> 2 spearman. Iron not needed. So we can build 2 spearman in Murcia this turn. That would give it some defense. Spearman defense 2, attack 1. But they are slow.

Alternatively, we could build archers or knights. Archers cost 20 wood + 10 iron. Murcia has 110 wood, 70 iron. It can build 5 archers (100 wood, 50 iron) but cap is 300 troops, currently 2, so can build many. But we need to consider that we want to attack Valencia soon. If we build archers in Murcia, we can send them to attack Valencia next turn or the turn after.

But we also need to consider travel time. If we build in Murcia this turn, they are ready in 1 turn (i.e., they will be available next turn). The build order is for this turn; they will be ready at the start of next turn? The rules: "ready in 1 turn." So if we order build now, they will be available for movement next turn.

So we can build troops now and send them next turn.

Let's outline a multi-turn plan:

Turn 25 (now): 
- Attack Teruel from Toledo. Send most of Toledo's troops, but leave some for defense. For example, send 1 spear, 6 archer, 4 knight? But we need to compute effective attack to ensure victory. We can send all but maybe leave a skeleton force. Since Teruel defense 20, our attack 36 with counter is overkill. We can send fewer and still win. Let's compute minimum needed. We want effective attack > effective defense. With counter (archer vs spearman), our attack is multiplied by 1.5. So we need raw attack * 1.5 > 20 => raw attack > 13.33. So raw attack of 14 would give 21. Our raw attack from Toledo is 36. We can send a subset. But we must send whole troops; we can choose how many of each type. We need to maintain the most numerous type to get the counter. If we send too many knights, the most numerous might become knight, losing the counter. So we should keep archers as the most numerous. For example, send 0 spear, 7 archer, 2 knight: raw attack = 7*2 + 2*4 = 14+8=22. Most numerous archer (7) vs defender spearman (4) -> counter, effective attack 33. That's enough. And we leave 2 spear, 0 archer, 3 knight in Toledo for defense? Actually Toledo has 2 spear, 7 archer, 5 knight. If we send 0 spear, 7 archer, 2 knight, we leave 2 spear, 0 archer, 3 knight. That gives defense: raw defense = 2*2 + 0*2 + 3*4? Wait, knight defense is 2, not 4. Defense values: spearman 2, archer 2, knight 2. So all have defense 2. So raw defense = (2+0+3)*2 = 5*2=10. Effective defense in village = 10 * 1.25 = 12.5. That's low. But maybe we can leave more. We could send 0 spear, 5 archer, 3 knight: attack = 5*2+3*4=10+12=22, effective 33. Leave 2 spear, 2 archer, 2 knight: defense = (2+2+2)*2=12, effective 15. Still low. But Toledo is interior? It's border with Teruel. If enemy attacks Toledo, they would need to march from Teruel or elsewhere. The enemy might not have enough troops near Teruel to attack Toledo. But we should be cautious.

Alternatively, we could send all troops from Toledo to Teruel, and rely on the fact that the enemy might not attack Toledo immediately. But if we lose Toledo, we lose a village and our count drops. Since we need to hold 18 for 2 turns, we can't afford to lose villages.

Maybe we should not attack from Toledo but instead gather forces in a staging area. For example, we could send troops from interior villages to Toledo to reinforce it, then attack. But that takes time.

Another approach: focus on defending and building up, then attack later. But we need to make progress.

Let's think about the enemy's likely moves. They have armies marching toward Zaragoza (two armies arriving in 1 turn). Those are reinforcements. They might be moving troops from other villages to Zaragoza. That could weaken their other villages. For example, if they move troops from Teruel to Zaragoza, Teruel's defense might drop. But we don't know.

We can also attack Valencia from Murcia if we can get enough troops there. Murcia currently has 6 attack. We need at least raw attack 14 to beat defense 10 with counter? Wait, for Valencia: defense 10, garrison 2 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous spearman (2). If we attack with archers as most numerous, we get counter. So effective attack = raw attack * 1.5. We need raw attack * 1.5 > 10 => raw attack > 6.67. So raw attack 7 would give 10.5, which beats 10? Tie favors defender, so we need >10. So raw attack 7 gives 10.5 > 10, so we win. Murcia has raw attack 6 (1 archer, 1 knight). If we add 1 archer (attack 2), raw attack becomes 8, effective 12 > 10. So we need to send at least 1 archer to Murcia from somewhere, or build one. Murcia can build archer this turn (cost 20 wood, 10 iron; it has 110 wood, 70 iron). So we can build 1 archer in Murcia this turn, making it have 2 archer, 1 knight? Actually it has 1 archer, 1 knight at home. If we build 1 archer, next turn it will have 2 archer, 1 knight. Then we can send all from Murcia to Valencia: 2 archer, 1 knight -> raw attack = 2*2+4=8, effective 12 > 10. That would conquer Valencia. But travel time: Murcia to Valencia is 1 turn (1 slow/1 medium/1 fast). So if we build this turn, next turn we can send. That would conquer Valencia on turn 26 (arrival turn 26? Actually if we send next turn, they march 1 turn, so they arrive and fight at the end of turn 26? The rules: "Marching takes turns, and during those turns the enemy keeps building and moving." So if we send on turn 26, they arrive on turn 26? Or turn 27? Typically, if distance is 1 turn, they arrive on the same turn? The report says "march from [x]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means it takes 1 turn to march. So if we order movement on turn T, they arrive on turn T+1? Or on turn T? In these games, usually orders are simultaneous, and movement takes time. If it takes 1 turn, they would arrive at the end of the turn? The example: "enemy army marching toward [17] Zaragoza, arrives in 1 turn". That means on the next turn, they arrive. So if we send from Murcia to Valencia on turn 25, they would arrive on turn 26. So the battle would happen on turn 26. Then on turn 26, we would know if we won. So we can plan to attack Valencia on turn 26.

Similarly, we could attack Teruel from Toledo on turn 25 (arrive turn 26). Or we could send from Toledo on turn 25, they arrive turn 26.

But we need to consider that the enemy might also send reinforcements to Valencia. They might increase its defense. So we might need more troops.

Let's think about a comprehensive plan.

We have 15 villages. We need 18. We can try to conquer Teruel, Pamplona, and Valencia. That would give us 18. Then we need to hold them for 2 turns. So if we conquer them on turn 26 (arriving), we would hold them on turn 26 and 27? Actually, if we conquer on turn 26, we hold them at the end of turn 26. Then we need to hold them for 2 consecutive turns. The rule: "hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns". So if we hold 18 at the end of turn 26, and also at the end of turn 27, we win. So we need to hold them for two full turns. That means we must defend them from enemy counterattacks on turn 27.

So we need to ensure that after conquering, we can reinforce them and defend them.

Alternatively, we could try to eliminate all enemy villages. That might be easier in the long run, but requires conquering all 9 enemy villages. That's a lot.

Let's focus on the 18-village goal.

We need to choose which 3 villages to take. The easiest are Valencia (defense 10), Teruel (20), Pamplona (20). But we must also consider that taking them might provoke counterattacks. We need to have enough troops to hold them.

We can also build troops in our existing villages to increase our overall strength.

Let's list our total troops at home: 121 soldiers. We can build more. Each village can build up to 300. We have plenty of capacity.

We should build troops in our interior villages to create a reserve. Then we can send them to the front lines.

Let's decide on a build order for this turn.

We have many wood and iron. Let's check each village's resources and what they can build.

- Lisboa [0]: wood 100, iron 70. Can build: spearman (15 wood) -> 6 max (90 wood), but iron not needed. Or archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 5 max (100 wood, 50 iron). Or knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 3 max (90 wood, 90 iron) but iron 70 so maybe 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Currently has 8 troops. We might want to build knights or archers. But Lisboa is far from front. It's interior, no enemy border. It can be a source of reinforcements later. We could build archers to send to Toledo or Madrid.

- Santarem [1]: wood 100, iron 60. Similar.

- Evora [2]: wood 100, iron 60.

- Coimbra [3]: wood 100, iron 70.

- Badajoz [4]: wood 100, iron 60. Near Toledo.

- Faro [5]: wood 105, iron 70. Has 16 troops. Near Sevilha and Cordoba.

- Porto [6]: wood 105, iron 70. Only 1 troop. Near Vigo and Salamanca.

- Salamanca [7]: wood 100, iron 90. Near Madrid. Has 8 troops.

- Toledo [8]: wood 90, iron 70. Border. Has 14 troops. We might want to build more there to defend or attack.

- Vigo [10]: wood 100, iron 70. Near Burgos.

- Sevilha [9]: wood 100, iron 70. Near Cordoba and Faro.

- Cordoba [11]: wood 90, iron 60. Near Murcia.

- Madrid [12]: wood 250, iron 160. Large resources. Can build many troops. It's a major city. We should build knights or archers here to use against Zaragoza or to send elsewhere.

- Burgos [14]: wood 90, iron 130. Near Pamplona. Has 10 troops.

- Murcia [15]: wood 110, iron 70. Near Valencia. Has 2 troops. We should build here to attack Valencia.

We need to decide what to build and where.

Since we need to attack Valencia from Murcia, we should build archers in Murcia. Murcia can build 5 archers (100 wood, 50 iron) but it has only 110 wood, so 5 archers cost 100 wood, 50 iron. It would have 5 archers + existing 1 archer, 1 knight = 7 troops. But we might want to send them to attack Valencia. However, if we send all from Murcia, we leave Murcia undefended. Murcia has defense 5. If we build more, its defense increases. We should leave some for defense.

Alternatively, we could send reinforcements from Cordoba to Murcia, and then from Murcia to Valencia. But sending from Cordoba to Murcia takes time. If we send this turn, they arrive next turn. Then we could send from Murcia to Valencia the turn after? That might be too slow.

Let's think about timing. We want to conquer Valencia quickly. If we build in Murcia this turn, next turn we have more troops. We could send them to Valencia next turn, arriving turn 26. That's fine. But what about Teruel and Pamplona? We could attack them this turn (from Toledo and Burgos), arriving turn 26. So all three could be attacked on turn 26, arriving turn 26? Actually if we send on turn 25, they arrive turn 26. If we send on turn 26, they arrive turn 27. So to have all three conquered by turn 26, we need to send on turn 25. But we might not have enough troops to send all three simultaneously while defending.

Maybe we should prioritize two attacks this turn, and the third next turn. Or we could attack all three this turn but with smaller forces, hoping they succeed.

Let's compute the forces needed for each attack:

1. Teruel from Toledo: defense 20. We need raw attack > 13.33, so 14+ with counter. We can send a force with archers as most numerous. For example, send 0 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight: raw attack = 4*2+2*4=8+8=16, effective 24 > 20. That uses 6 troops. Toledo has 14, so we can leave 8 for defense (2 spear, 3 archer, 3 knight? Actually we have 2 spear, 7 archer, 5 knight. If we send 0 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight, we leave 2 spear, 3 archer, 3 knight. Defense = (2+3+3)*2=16, effective 20. That's decent.

2. Pamplona from Burgos: defense 20. Similar. Burgos has 2 spear, 7 archer, 1 knight. We can send 0 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight: raw attack = 4*2+1*4=12, effective 18? 12*1.5=18 < 20, not enough. Need raw attack 14. So send 0 spear, 5 archer, 1 knight: raw attack = 5*2+4=14, effective 21 > 20. That uses 6 troops. Leave 2 spear, 2 archer, 0 knight? Actually Burgos has 2 spear, 7 archer, 1 knight. If we send 0 spear, 5 archer, 1 knight, we leave 2 spear, 2 archer, 0 knight. Defense = (2+2)*2=8, effective 10. That's weak. But maybe we can send less and rely on counter? If we send 0 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight: raw attack = 6+4=10, effective 15 < 20, lose. So we need at least 5 archer and 1 knight, or 4 archer and 2 knights? But we only have 1 knight. So we must send the knight. We could send some spearmen? If we include spearmen, they might become most numerous? Defender has spearman and knight tie (4 each), so most numerous is spearman. If we send mostly archers, we get counter. If we send some spearmen, they might change the matchup? The counter is based on the most numerous type of each army. If we send 2 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight: most numerous is archer (3) vs spearman (4) -> still counter? Actually defender most numerous is spearman (4) and knight (4) tie, so spearman. Our most numerous is archer (3). Archer counters spearman, so we still get counter. But our raw attack = 2*1 + 3*2 + 1*4 = 2+6+4=12, effective 18 < 20. So still not enough. If we send 2 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight: raw attack = 2+8+4=14, effective 21. That uses 7 troops. Leave 0 spear, 3 archer, 0 knight? Actually Burgos has 2 spear, 7 archer, 1 knight. If we send 2 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight, we leave 0 spear, 3 archer, 0 knight. Defense = 3*2=6, effective 7.5. Very weak. But maybe we can send from another village to reinforce Burgos? For example, from Vigo [10] to Burgos: Vigo has 0 spear, 1 archer, 0 knight (attack 2). Vigo to Burgos: road? Vigo connects to [6] Porto and [14] Burgos. So direct road. Distance? From Vigo to nearest border [14] Burgos: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So Vigo to Burgos is 1 turn. So we could send the archer from Vigo to Burgos this turn, arriving next turn. But that would only add 1 archer. Not much.

Alternatively, we could send from Madrid to Burgos? Madrid to Burgos: road? Madrid connects to [7], [8], [14], [17]. So direct to Burgos. Distance? From Madrid to nearest border [17] Zaragoza is 1 turn. Madrid to Burgos might be similar. But Madrid has many troops. We could send some from Madrid to Burgos to reinforce, then attack Pamplona. But that would take time.

Maybe we should not attack Pamplona this turn. Instead, we could attack Teruel and Valencia, and prepare to attack Pamplona later.

But we need 3 villages. Let's see which are the easiest to hold.

Valencia is on the coast, near Murcia. Teruel is near Toledo. Pamplona is near Burgos. All are border villages we can attack.

We also have Castellon [18], Huesca [20], Tarragona [21], Barcelona [22], Girona [23]. Those are deeper in enemy territory.

Maybe we should focus on the southern front: attack Valencia from Murcia, and also attack Teruel from Toledo. Then we have 17. Then we can attack Pamplona or Castellon later.

But we need to hold 18 for 2 turns. So we need to conquer the third one and then hold all three for one more turn.

Let's consider the enemy's strength. They have a strong army in Zaragoza. They might attack Madrid or Toledo. Madrid is very strong (defense 60). Toledo is moderate (35). If they attack Toledo and we have left it weak, we could lose it. So we need to ensure Toledo has enough defense.

We can also build troops in Toledo to increase its garrison. Toledo has wood 90, iron 70. It can build archers or knights. It has 14 troops, cap 300. So we can build more.

Let's decide on a build plan for this turn.

We want to:
- Increase Murcia's garrison to attack Valencia.
- Increase Toledo's garrison to defend and attack Teruel.
- Possibly increase Burgos or other.

We should build archers in Murcia because they are effective against the Valencia garrison (spearman). Murcia can build 5 archers (100 wood, 50 iron). It has 110 wood, 70 iron. So build 5 archers. That will give it 6 archers total (with existing 1) and 1 knight. Then next turn, we can send from Murcia to Valencia: maybe all troops? 6 archer, 1 knight: raw attack = 6*2+4=16, effective 24 > 10. That's overkill. We could send only some, leaving some for defense. But Murcia's defense is low. If we send all, Murcia defense becomes 0? Actually if we send all, the village would have no troops, but its effective defense is based on buildings? No, effective defense is based on troops? The report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 5". That is computed from the garrison? Actually the effective defense number is given for each village. For Murcia, it's 5. That likely includes the troops' defense and location bonus. If we remove all troops, the defense would drop to 0? But the village itself might have some base defense? In these games, villages have a base defense from walls or something, but the effective defense given is the current defense including troops. If we send all troops away, the defense would be lower. So we should leave some troops in Murcia for defense.

We can leave, say, 2 archers in Murcia, send 4 archers and 1 knight to Valencia. Then Murcia defense: 2 archers -> raw defense 4, effective 5? Actually 4 * 1.25 = 5. So it would be 5 again. That's okay. But if enemy attacks Murcia, they might beat it. But Murcia is our village; if we lose it, we lose a village. But we just built troops there; we don't want to lose them.

Maybe we should build spearman in Murcia for defense? Spearman defense 2, cheap. But they are slow and not effective against knights. But for defense, the type doesn't matter for the defense calculation? Actually defense uses the defense values of the troops. All troops have defense 2. So from a defense perspective, all types are equal. So building archers or spearman gives same defense. But archers cost more. So for defense, spearman are cheaper. So we might want to build spearman in Murcia to increase garrison cheaply. Murcia can build spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron. It has 110 wood, so can build 7 spearman (105 wood). That would give it 7 spearman + existing 1 archer, 1 knight = 9 troops. Defense = (7+1+1)*2=18, effective 22.5. That's much better. Then we can send some archers and knights to attack Valencia, leaving spearman for defense.

But if we build spearman, we need to consider attack. To attack Valencia, we need archers to get counter. If we send spearman, they might become most numerous and lose counter. So we should send only archers and knights from Murcia, and leave spearman at home.

So plan for Murcia: build 7 spearman this turn. Next turn, we have 7 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight at home. Then we can send, say, 1 archer and 1 knight to Valencia? That's only attack 6, not enough. We need more archers. We could send the archer and knight, but we need at least raw attack 7. With 1 archer, 1 knight = 6. If we also send some spearman? If we send 2 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight: raw attack = 2*1+2+4=8, but most numerous? We have 2 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous is spearman (2). Defender most numerous is spearman (2). Spearman vs spearman: no counter. So effective attack = 8. Defender effective defense = 10. We lose. So we must keep archers as most numerous in the attacking force. So we need at least 2 archers and 1 knight, or 3 archers, etc. Since we only have 1 archer at home initially, we need to build archers or receive them.

So building spearman in Murcia doesn't help attack Valencia; we need archers. So we should build archers in Murcia, or send archers from elsewhere.

Cordoba [11] has 0 spear, 0 archer, 1 knight. It can build archers: wood 90, iron 60. It can build 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron). Then it would have 4 archers, 1 knight. Then we could send some to Murcia, and from Murcia to Valencia. But that takes time.

Alternatively, we could attack Valencia from a different village. Which villages can reach Valencia in 1 turn? Murcia is the only one directly connected? Road network: [16] Valencia connects to [13] Teruel, [15] Murcia, [18] Castellon. So only Murcia is ours. Teruel and Castellon are enemy. So to attack Valencia, we must go through Murcia or attack from a village that can reach Valencia via a path that doesn't go through enemy villages? Actually, we can only march along roads, and we stop at the first enemy or neutral village. So if we try to attack Valencia from, say, Toledo, we would have to go through Cordoba (ours), Murcia (ours), then Valencia. Since Cordoba and Murcia are ours, we can pass through them. But the march would stop at the first enemy village? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So if we send from Toledo to Valencia, the path is Toledo -> Cordoba (ours) -> Murcia (ours) -> Valencia (enemy). The first non ours is Valencia, so they would fight there. So we can attack Valencia from Toledo, but it would take longer. Travel time: Toledo to Cordoba: 1 turn? Cordoba to Murcia: ? Murcia to Valencia: 1 turn. So total maybe 3 turns. That's slow.

So the fastest is from Murcia (1 turn). So we need to get troops to Murcia quickly.

We could send troops from Cordoba to Murcia this turn (arrive next turn), then from Murcia to Valencia the turn after (arrive turn 27). That's slower.

Or we could build in Murcia this turn, and send next turn (arrive turn 26). That's faster.

So let's build archers in Murcia. How many? Murcia has wood 110, iron 70. It can build 5 archers (100 wood, 50 iron). That would use most of its wood. It would then have 1 existing archer + 5 new = 6 archers, and 1 knight. Total 7 troops. Next turn, we can send, say, 4 archers and 1 knight to Valencia (attack 4*2+4=12, effective 18 > 10). Leave 2 archers for defense (defense 4, effective 5). But we might want to send more to ensure victory and also to have some to possibly send elsewhere. But we also need to consider that the enemy might reinforce Valencia. If they send troops, defense could increase. So we might need more.

We could also build knights in Murcia? Knights cost 30 wood, 30 iron. Murcia has 110 wood, 70 iron. It could build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and have 1 left. But knights are not needed for Valencia; archers are better.

So let's build 5 archers in Murcia.

Now, what about Toledo? We want to attack Teruel. Toledo has 2 spear, 7 archer, 5 knight. We can send a force to Teruel this turn. Let's decide how many to send. We want to leave Toledo with enough defense. If enemy attacks Toledo, they would come from Teruel (enemy) or from Zaragoza via Madrid? Actually Toledo connects to [4] Badajoz, [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel. So enemy could attack from Teruel directly. If we leave weak defense, they might take Toledo. But do they have troops near Teruel? Teruel has 4 spear, 4 knight. That's not a huge army. They could send those to attack Toledo. If they do, they would march from Teruel to Toledo: 1 turn (1 slow/1 medium/1 fast). So if we leave Toledo with, say, 2 spear, 3 archer, 3 knight (defense 16, effective 20), that might be enough to beat the Teruel garrison if they attack? Let's compute: if Teruel attacks Toledo, they would have 4 spear, 4 knight. Their attack: 4*1 + 4*4 = 4+16=20. Most numerous: spearman and knight tie (4 each), tie breaks to spearman. Our defense: we have 2 spear, 3 archer, 3 knight. Most numerous? We have 3 archer, 3 knight tie, tie breaks to archer? Actually order: spearman, archer, knight. So archer is most numerous. So our most numerous is archer. Defender's most numerous is spearman. Archer counters spearman, so we get counter bonus? Wait, when we are defending, do we get counter bonus? The rule: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't specify attacker or defender; it says "your force". So if we are defending, and our most numerous type counters the attacker's most numerous type, we multiply our force by 1.5. But our force in defense is our defense value? Actually "your force" likely refers to the army's effective force. In combat, attacker uses attack values, defender uses defense values. The counter multiplier applies to the side that has the counter. So if defender has counter, their defense is multiplied by 1.5. So in this case, our defense would be multiplied by 1.5. Our raw defense = (2+3+3)*2 = 16. With counter (archer vs spearman), effective defense = 16 * 1.5 = 24. Then location bonus: village x1.25? Wait, the effective defense in report already includes location bonus. But when calculating combat, we need to apply location bonus separately? The rule: "Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital). In the open field (on a road) there is no bonus." So the location bonus is applied to the defender's defense. The effective defense in the report is the number we see, which already includes location bonus. So if we see Toledo's effective defense as 35, that's raw defense * 1.25. So if we leave troops with raw defense 16, effective defense would be 20. But if we get counter bonus, that's applied on top? The rule: "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again." So the report's effective defense is the number we use in combat? Actually the combat rules say: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins." And effective force is attack or defense after counter and location? The report gives effective defense including location bonus. But counter bonus is not included. So in combat, we take the effective defense from the report (which includes location bonus) and then if the defender has counter, we multiply that by 1.5? Or do we multiply raw defense by 1.5 and then location? The rule says: "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again." That suggests that when we see "effective defense: 35", that number is what we use as the defender's base defense in combat, and then if the defender has counter, we multiply that by 1.5? But wait, the report's effective defense is computed as raw defense * location bonus. If we then apply counter, it would be raw defense * location bonus * 1.5. But the rule says "do not apply the bonus again" meaning don't apply location bonus again. So we can use the reported effective defense as the starting point, and then apply counter multiplier if applicable. So for Toledo, if we leave troops that give effective defense 20 (including location), and we have counter, our effective defense in combat would be 20 * 1.5 = 30. That would beat the attacker's attack of 20. So we would win easily.

But we need to ensure that our most numerous type gives us the counter. If we leave 2 spear, 3 archer, 3 knight, most numerous is archer (3) and knight (3) tie, tie breaks to archer. So most numerous archer. Attacker from Teruel: 4 spear, 4 knight. Most numerous: spearman and knight tie, tie breaks to spearman. So attacker most numerous spearman. Archer counters spearman, so we get counter. Good.

So leaving that garrison would defend well.

But if we send too many, we might not have enough to attack. Let's see how many we need to send to beat Teruel. Teruel defense 20. We need effective attack > 20. With counter (archer vs spearman), effective attack = raw attack * 1.5. So raw attack > 13.33. We can send 0 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight: raw attack = 8+8=16, effective 24. That uses 6 troops. We have 14 total. If we send those 6, we leave 2 spear, 3 archer, 3 knight (since we have 2 spear, 7 archer, 5 knight; send 0 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight -> leave 2 spear, 3 archer, 3 knight). That's a good balance.

Alternatively, we could send 0 spear, 5 archer, 1 knight: raw attack = 10+4=14, effective 21. Uses 6 troops. Leave 2 spear, 2 archer, 4 knight. Defense: raw = (2+2+4)*2=16, effective 20. Most numerous: knight (4) vs archer (2)? Actually we have 2 spear, 2 archer, 4 knight. Most numerous is knight (4). Attacker most numerous spearman. Knight does not counter spearman; spearman counters knight. So attacker would have counter? Wait, if our most numerous is knight, and attacker's most numerous is spearman, then spearman counters knight, so attacker gets counter. That would be bad. So we must ensure our most numerous is archer to get counter. So we need archers to be the largest group in the garrison. So we should leave more archers than knights. In the first option, we leave 3 archer, 3 knight (tie, archer wins tie). In the second, we leave 2 archer, 4 knight -> knight most numerous, we lose counter. So we should avoid leaving more knights than archers. So we should send more archers and fewer knights, or send some knights but leave enough archers.

So from Toledo, we can send: 0 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight (leave 2 spear, 3 archer, 3 knight). Or send 0 spear, 5 archer, 1 knight (leave 2 spear, 2 archer, 4 knight) -> bad. Or send 0 spear, 6 archer, 0 knight (leave 2 spear, 1 archer, 5 knight) -> bad. Or send 1 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight? If we send a spear, it might change our most numerous? Attacker's most numerous: if we send 1 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight, most numerous is archer (4). Defender most numerous spearman (4). Counter still archer vs spearman. So okay. But we don't need spear. So better to send 0 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight.

But we have 5 knights in Toledo. Sending 2 leaves 3. That's fine.

Now, what about Burgos and Pamplona? We could attack Pamplona from Burgos. But as computed, we need to send most of Burgos's troops, leaving it weak. Burgos has 2 spear, 7 archer, 1 knight. To beat Pamplona (defense 20), we need raw attack 14 with counter. We can send 0 spear, 5 archer, 1 knight: raw attack 14, effective 21. That uses 6 troops. Leave 2 spear, 2 archer, 0 knight. Defense: raw = (2+2)*2=8, effective 10. Most numerous: archer (2) and spearman (2) tie, tie breaks to spearman? Actually order: spearman, archer, knight. So spearman is most numerous. Attacker from Pamplona: 4 spear, 4 knight. Most numerous: spearman and knight tie, spearman. So attacker most numerous spearman. Our most numerous spearman. Spearman vs spearman: no counter. So our effective defense = 10 (no multiplier). Attacker attack: 4*1+4*4=20. They would win. So Burgos would be vulnerable. We could send from Vigo to reinforce Burgos? Vigo has 1 archer. If we send that to Burgos, it arrives next turn. But that would only add 1 archer, making garrison 2 spear, 3 archer, 0 knight. Most numerous: still spearman (2) vs archer (3)? Actually 3 archer > 2 spear, so most numerous becomes archer. Then we get counter? Attacker most numerous spearman, our most numerous archer -> counter, effective defense = (2+3)*2=10 *1.25=12.5? Wait, raw defense = (2+3)*2=10, effective 12.5. With counter, 12.5*1.5=18.75. Attacker attack 20. Still lose. So not enough.

We could send from Madrid to Burgos. Madrid has many troops. If we send from Madrid to Burgos this turn, they arrive next turn. Then next turn we could send from Burgos to Pamplona? Or we could send from Madrid directly to Pamplona? Madrid to Pamplona: road? Madrid connects to [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza, etc. Pamplona [19] connects to [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza, [20] Huesca. So from Madrid to Pamplona: Madrid -> Burgos -> Pamplona. That's 2 turns? Madrid to Burgos: distance? From Madrid to nearest border [17] Zaragoza is 1 turn. Madrid to Burgos might be 1 turn. Burgos to Pamplona is 1 turn. So total 2 turns. So we could send from Madrid to Pamplona directly, but they would stop at Burgos if it's enemy? Burgos is ours, so they pass through. So they would march Madrid -> Burgos -> Pamplona. That takes 2 turns. So they would arrive turn 27. That's later.

Maybe we should not attack Pamplona this turn. Instead, we can attack Teruel and Valencia, and then next turn attack Pamplona with reinforcements from Madrid or other.

But we need to conquer 3 villages. If we attack Teruel and Valencia, we get 2. Then we need 1 more. We could attack Pamplona or Castellon or another.

Let's see the status of other enemy villages. Castellon [18] last seen: 5 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight. Defense unknown. It's connected to [13] Teruel, [16] Valencia, [21] Tarragona. If we conquer Teruel and Valencia, we might be able to attack Castellon from there. But that's deeper.

Maybe we should focus on the southern front: Murcia -> Valencia, and also from Toledo -> Teruel. Then from Teruel we could go to Castellon or Zaragoza. But Zaragoza is strong.

Let's think about our overall strategy. We have a strong army in Madrid (68 attack). We could use it to attack Zaragoza if we can weaken it first. Or we could use it to defend our villages.

The enemy is reinforcing Zaragoza. They might launch an attack from there against Madrid or Toledo. We should be prepared to defend Madrid and Toledo.

Madrid has defense 60, which is very high. It's unlikely the enemy can attack it successfully unless they bring a huge army. But they might.

Toledo has defense 35. If we leave it with 20 defense, it's 35? Actually current effective defense is 35 with 14 troops. If we send some away, it will drop. We need to keep it at least 20 to be safe? Let's compute the enemy's potential attack from Teruel or Zaragoza. Teruel has 4 spear, 4 knight (attack 20). Zaragoza has 15 spear, 10 archer, 21 knight (attack: 15*1 + 10*2 + 21*4 = 15+20+84=119). That's huge. If they attack Toledo from Zaragoza, they would need to go through Madrid? Zaragoza connects to [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona. So from Zaragoza to Toledo: Zaragoza -> Madrid -> Toledo. Or Zaragoza -> Teruel -> Toledo. Both paths go through our villages. If they attack from Zaragoza via Madrid, they would stop at Madrid first (since Madrid is ours). So they would fight at Madrid. Madrid is strong. So they would have to take Madrid before Toledo. So Toledo is somewhat protected by Madrid.

Similarly, Burgos is protected by Madrid and Vigo.

Murcia is the most vulnerable. It's near Valencia, which the enemy just took. They could attack Murcia from Valencia. Valencia has 2 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight (attack: 2+2+4=8). That's small. But they could reinforce. If they attack Murcia, our defense of 5 (effective) is very low. We need to increase it.

So we should definitely build up Murcia's defense.

Let's decide on builds for this turn. We'll build in multiple villages to increase our army.

We need to consider that we can only order builds where we have enough resources. Also, we need to send movements.

Let's list all villages and what we can build:

- Lisboa [0]: wood 100, iron 70. Can build: 6 spear (90 wood), or 5 archer (100 wood, 50 iron), or 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron). We might want to build knights or archers to send to the front. But Lisboa is far. We can build and later send. For now, maybe build archers to have a reserve.

- Santarem [1]: wood 100, iron 60. Similar.

- Evora [2]: wood 100, iron 60.

- Coimbra [3]: wood 100, iron 70.

- Badajoz [4]: wood 100, iron 60. Near Toledo. Could build to reinforce Toledo.

- Faro [5]: wood 105, iron 70. Has 16 troops. Could build more.

- Porto [6]: wood 105, iron 70. Only 1 troop. Could build.

- Salamanca [7]: wood 100, iron 90. Near Madrid. Could build knights? Iron 90, can build 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron). Or archers.

- Toledo [8]: wood 90, iron 70. Can build 5 archer (100 wood? only 90 wood, so 4 archer: 80 wood, 40 iron) or 6 spear (90 wood) or 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron). We might want to build more archers or spear for defense.

- Vigo [10]: wood 100, iron 70. Near Burgos.

- Sevilha [9]: wood 100, iron 70.

- Cordoba [11]: wood 90, iron 60. Near Murcia. Can build archers to send to Murcia.

- Madrid [12]: wood 250, iron 160. Can build many. 8 knight (240 wood, 240 iron? only 160 iron, so 5 knight: 150 wood, 150 iron). Or 12 archer (240 wood, 120 iron) but wood 250, so 12 archer: 240 wood, 120 iron. Or spear: 16 spear (240 wood). We should build something here to have a powerful army.

- Burgos [14]: wood 90, iron 130. Can build 6 spear (90 wood) or 4 archer (80 wood, 40 iron) or 3 knight (90 wood, 90 iron) but iron 130 so 3 knights okay.

- Murcia [15]: wood 110, iron 70. We want to build archers: 5 archer (100 wood, 50 iron). Or spear: 7 spear (105 wood). Or knight: 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron).

We need to decide what to build where to support our plan.

Plan idea: 
- Turn 25: Build in Murcia: 5 archers. Build in Toledo: maybe 4 archers or 6 spears? Build in Madrid: 5 knights? Build in Cordoba: 4 archers? 
- Turn 26: Send from Murcia to Valencia (with enough archers and knights). Send from Toledo to Teruel. Send from somewhere to reinforce Burgos? Or attack Pamplona from Burgos with reinforcements from Vigo and Madrid.

But we need to give specific orders for this turn. We can only send movements from our villages. We can send troops to attack or to reinforce.

Let's think about the immediate threats. The enemy might attack Murcia. To deter that, we need to increase Murcia's defense. Building spearman is cheap and gives defense. But if we build archers, they also give defense. However, if we build archers, we might want to send them to attack, leaving fewer at home. So maybe build a mix: some spear for defense, some archer for attack.

But we can only build in Murcia this turn; the new troops will be available next turn. So if the enemy attacks Murcia this turn, they will face the current garrison (2 troops, defense 5). That's bad. But can the enemy attack Murcia this turn? They would need to send troops from Valencia to Murcia. Valencia is enemy, and they just conquered it. They could send troops from Valencia to Murcia. The distance is 1 turn. So if they send this turn, they would arrive next turn. So the attack would happen on turn 26. By then, our new troops will be there. So if we build this turn, they will be present on turn 26 to defend. So we have time.

Similarly, if they attack Toledo from Teruel, they would send this turn, arrive turn 26. Our new builds in Toledo would also be there.

So we can build now to defend.

Let's design a robust plan.

We want to conquer Valencia, Teruel, and Pamplona. Let's see if we can do all three by turn 26.

To attack Valencia from Murcia on turn 26, we need to send from Murcia on turn 26. That means on turn 26, we order movement from Murcia to Valencia. The troops will march 1 turn, arriving turn 27? Wait, if we order on turn 26, they arrive on turn 27? The rule: "Marching takes turns, and during those turns the enemy keeps building and moving." So if distance is 1 turn, and we order on turn T, they arrive on turn T+1. So if we order on turn 26, they arrive on turn 27. That means the battle happens on turn 27. So to have them arrive on turn 26, we must order on turn 25. So we need to send from Murcia on turn 25 to attack Valencia on turn 26. But currently, Murcia's troops are not enough. We need to either send from Murcia now with whatever it has, or send reinforcements to Murcia now so they can join the attack? But reinforcements from other villages take time to arrive. If we send from Cordoba to Murcia on turn 25, they arrive on turn 26. Then on turn 26, those reinforcements are at Murcia. But we want to attack Valencia on turn 26? If we wait until turn 26 to send from Murcia, they arrive turn 27. So to attack on turn 26, we must send on turn 25. So we need to have enough troops at Murcia on turn 25 to send. Currently Murcia has only 6 attack power, not enough. So we cannot attack Valencia on turn 26 unless we send from somewhere else that can reach Valencia in 1 turn? Only Murcia is 1 turn away. So we must either:
- Send from Murcia now with its current troops, but they would lose (6 vs 10). So we need to reinforce Murcia before sending. But reinforcements take at least 1 turn to arrive. So if we send from Cordoba to Murcia on turn 25, they arrive turn 26. Then on turn 26, we could send from Murcia to Valencia, arriving turn 27. That delays the conquest of Valencia to turn 27.
- Or we could send from a village that is further but has more troops, and they arrive on turn 26? For example, send from Toledo to Valencia. Path: Toledo -> Cordoba -> Murcia -> Valencia. Travel time: Toledo to Cordoba: ? Cordoba to Murcia: ? Murcia to Valencia: 1 turn. Total maybe 3 turns. So they would arrive turn 28. Too slow.
- Or we could attack Valencia from a different direction? No other friendly villages connect directly to Valencia.

So the fastest we can conquer Valencia is turn 27 if we send from Murcia on turn 26 after receiving reinforcements. Or we could try to attack with the current Murcia troops and hope they win? But they would lose.

What if we send from Murcia now, but include troops that we build in Murcia this turn? Build orders are for this turn; the new troops are ready in 1 turn, meaning they are available next turn. So they cannot be sent this turn. So we cannot use them for an attack this turn.

Therefore, we cannot conquer Valencia on turn 26. We can conquer it on turn 27 at the earliest.

Similarly, for Teruel from Toledo: Toledo has enough troops now. We can send on turn 25, arrive turn 26. So we can conquer Teruel on turn 26.

For Pamplona from Burgos: Burgos has enough troops? We computed we need to send 5 archer and 1 knight to get effective 21. That uses 6 of 10 troops. We can send on turn 25, arrive turn 26. So we can conquer Pamplona on turn 26.

So we could conquer Teruel and Pamplona on turn 26, giving us 17 villages. Then on turn 27, we could conquer Valencia, giving us 18. Then we need to hold 18 on turn 28? Wait, the rule: "hold at least 18 ... for 2 consecutive turns". If we conquer Valencia on turn 27 (i.e., the battle happens on turn 27, and we win, so at the end of turn 27 we hold 18), then we need to hold 18 for 2 consecutive turns. That means we must hold 18 at the end of turn 27 and at the end of turn 28. So we need to survive turn 28 without losing any of those 18. That means we must defend them on turn 28. The enemy could counterattack on turn 28. So we need to have enough troops to defend the new villages.

If we conquer Teruel and Pamplona on turn 26, we hold them at the end of turn 26. Then on turn 27, we conquer Valencia, so at the end of turn 27 we have 18. Then on turn 28, we must still have 18. So we need to defend Teruel, Pamplona, Valencia from enemy counterattacks on turn 27 and 28.

Alternatively, we could try to conquer all three on turn 26? Is there a way to attack Valencia on turn 26? We could send from Murcia now with its current troops, but they would lose. Unless we can get reinforcements to Murcia this turn that can be sent immediately? No, reinforcements take time to march. If we send from Cordoba to Murcia on turn 25, they arrive turn 26. They cannot be sent to Valencia on turn 25 because they are still in Cordoba. So no.

What if we send from Cordoba directly to Valencia? Cordoba to Valencia: Cordoba -> Murcia -> Valencia. That's at least 2 turns. So they would arrive turn 27. And they would have to pass through Murcia (ours) so they would stop at the first enemy? Actually, if we send from Cordoba to Valencia, the path is Cordoba (ours) -> Murcia (ours) -> Valencia (enemy). The first non-ours is Valencia, so they fight there. So they would arrive at Valencia after marching. Travel time: Cordoba to Murcia: ? Murcia to Valencia: 1 turn. So total maybe 2 turns. So if we send on turn 25, they arrive turn 27. That's the same timing as from Murcia after reinforcement.

So the earliest we can take Valencia is turn 27.

What about taking a different third village? Maybe we can take Castellon or another village that is closer? Let's check distances to other enemy villages.

We have Madrid [12] near Zaragoza (1 turn), but Zaragoza is strong. We have Burgos [14] near Pamplona (1 turn). We have Toledo [8] near Teruel (1 turn). We have Murcia [15] near Valencia (1 turn). Those are the only direct borders. Other enemy villages are deeper: Castellon [18] is connected to Teruel, Valencia, Tarragona. If we take Teruel, we can attack Castellon from Teruel (1 turn? Teruel to Castellon: road? [13] Teruel connects to [18] Castellon. So from Teruel to Castellon is 1 turn. So if we conquer Teruel on turn 26, we can attack Castellon from Teruel on turn 27, arriving turn 28. That would give us another village on turn 28. But we need 18 by turn 27? Actually we need to hold 18 for 2 consecutive turns. If we get 18 on turn 27, we hold on turn 27 and 28. If we get 18 on turn 28, we hold on turn 28 and 29. So we can delay.

But we need to reach 18. Currently 15. If we take Teruel and Pamplona on turn 26, we have 17. Then we need one more. We could take Valencia on turn 27, or Castellon on turn 28, or another.

Maybe we should take Teruel and Pamplona on turn 26, then on turn 27 take Valencia, and then we have 18 on turn 27. That works.

But we must ensure we have enough troops to carry out these attacks and defend.

Let's plan the movements for turn 25 (now):

We can send:
- From Toledo to Teruel: send 0 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight (arrive turn 26).
- From Burgos to Pamplona: send 0 spear, 5 archer, 1 knight (arrive turn 26).
- From Murcia to Valencia: we cannot send enough. We could send what we have, but they would lose. So maybe we don't send from Murcia now. Instead, we send reinforcements to Murcia from Cordoba and/or Sevilha, and build in Murcia, then attack next turn.
- We might also want to send troops to reinforce our villages that will be attacked. For example, if we send from Toledo to Teruel, Toledo will be weaker. We could send from Badajoz or Salamanca to Toledo to reinforce it. But those would take time. Badajoz to Toledo: 1 turn (1 slow/1 medium/1 fast). So if we send from Badajoz to Toledo on turn 25, they arrive turn 26. That could reinforce Toledo after the battle? Actually if the battle at Teruel happens on turn 26, our troops from Badajoz would arrive at Toledo on turn 26. They wouldn't affect the battle at Teruel. But they would reinforce Toledo for defense on turn 26. If the enemy attacks Toledo on turn 26 (by sending on turn 25), they would arrive turn 26. So our reinforcements would arrive same turn. The combat would happen? The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if enemy attacks Toledo and we reinforce Toledo, our reinforcements would fight separately if the enemy attacks? Actually, if the enemy attacks Toledo, they would fight the garrison of Toledo. Our reinforcements arriving at Toledo would join the garrison? The rule: "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So if we send troops to Toledo, they arrive and join the garrison. If the enemy attacks Toledo on the same turn, do they fight before or after our reinforcements arrive? The order of simultaneous events: likely all movements happen, then battles. The arriving troops would be present for the defense. So if we send reinforcements to Toledo, they would help defend if Toledo is attacked.

So we can send reinforcements to our border villages to prepare for enemy counterattacks.

Let's think about where the enemy might attack. They have troops in Teruel, Valencia, Zaragoza, Pamplona. They could attack our border villages: Toledo (from Teruel), Madrid (from Zaragoza), Burgos (from Pamplona), Murcia (from Valencia). They might also attack our interior villages if they pass through, but they stop at the first enemy village.

We need to ensure our border villages can hold.

Let's compute the current effective defense of our border villages:
- Toledo: 35 (with 14 troops)
- Madrid: 60 (24 troops)
- Burgos: 25 (10 troops)
- Murcia: 5 (2 troops)

If we send troops away, these defenses drop.

We need to decide how many troops to send from each, and how many to leave, and whether to send reinforcements.

Let's consider each border:

**Toledo**: We want to attack Teruel. We'll send some troops. We should leave enough to defend against a possible attack from Teruel. The Teruel garrison is 4 spear, 4 knight (attack 20). If they attack Toledo, they would march 1 turn. If we leave, say, 2 spear, 3 archer, 3 knight (raw defense 16, effective 20, but with counter? As computed, if we leave that, most numerous archer, attacker most numerous spearman, we get counter, effective defense 30). That would beat attack 20. So that's safe. But we also need to consider that the enemy might send reinforcements from Zaragoza to Teruel, then to Toledo. But they would have to go through Teruel first. If they send from Zaragoza to Toledo, they would stop at Teruel? Actually, if they send from Zaragoza to Toledo, the path is Zaragoza -> Teruel -> Toledo, or Zaragoza -> Madrid -> Toledo. If they go via Teruel, they would stop at Teruel if it's enemy? Teruel is enemy, so they would stop there? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So if they are enemy, and they march from Zaragoza to Toledo, the first village that is not theirs? Actually, the rule is from the perspective of the marching army: they stop at the first village that is not theirs? Or the first village that is not under their control? The rule says: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So if the marching army is from King B, "yours" refers to King B's villages. So they would stop at the first village that is not King B's. So if they march from Zaragoza (B) to Toledo (A), the path: Zaragoza (B) -> Teruel (B) -> Toledo (A). The first village that is not B's is Toledo? Actually Teruel is B's, so they pass through. Then they reach Toledo, which is A's, so they stop and fight there. So they would go all the way to Toledo. But wait, the rule says "first village on its path that is not yours". If they start at Zaragoza (theirs), the first village they encounter is Teruel, which is theirs, so they continue. Next is Toledo, which is not theirs, so they stop there. So they can attack Toledo directly from Zaragoza, bypassing Teruel? But they would have to march through Teruel. The distance: Zaragoza to Teruel: 1 turn? Zaragoza connects to [13] Teruel. Distance? From Teruel's info, it connects to [8] Toledo, [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon. We don't have the distance from Zaragoza to Teruel. But from Madrid to Zaragoza is 1 turn. Zaragoza to Teruel might be 1 turn. So Zaragoza to Toledo via Teruel would be 2 turns. So they could send from Zaragoza to Toledo, arriving in 2 turns. That's a threat for later turns.

So we need to consider that the enemy can send reinforcements from deeper villages to the front.

For now, we should focus on immediate turn (turn 25 orders). The enemy's moves this turn are unknown. They might attack our border villages. We should ensure our defenses are adequate.

**Madrid**: Very strong. We probably don't need to send troops away from Madrid. We can keep its 24 troops for defense and maybe build more. Madrid is a major fortress. We could send some troops to reinforce Burgos or Toledo, but Madrid itself is safe.

**Burgos**: We want to attack Pamplona. We'll send some troops. We need to leave enough to defend against an attack from Pamplona. Pamplona has 4 spear, 4 knight (attack 20). If we leave, say, 2 spear, 2 archer, 0 knight? That's raw defense 8, effective 10. Most numerous spearman (2) and archer (2) tie, tie breaks to spearman. Attacker most numerous spearman. No counter. Effective defense 10 vs attack 20 -> lose. So we need more. If we leave 2 spear, 3 archer, 0 knight: raw defense 10, effective 12.5. Most numerous archer (3). Attacker most numerous spearman. Counter: archer vs spearman -> we get 1.5x. Effective defense = 12.5 * 1.5 = 18.75. Still less than 20. So we need more. If we leave 2 spear, 4 archer, 0 knight: raw defense 12, effective 15. With counter: 22.5 > 20. So we need at least 4 archers left, or some knights. But we only have 7 archers total. If we send 5 archers and 1 knight to Pamplona, we leave 2 spear, 2 archer, 0 knight -> defense too low. So we cannot send that many. We need to either not attack Pamplona this turn, or send reinforcements to Burgos first, or send from elsewhere to attack Pamplona.

Maybe we should not attack Pamplona from Burgos. Instead, we could attack Pamplona from Madrid? Madrid to Pamplona: Madrid -> Burgos -> Pamplona. That's 2 turns. If we send from Madrid on turn 25, they arrive at Pamplona on turn 27. That's later. But we could send from Madrid to Burgos on turn 25 (arrive turn 26), then from Burgos to Pamplona on turn 26 (arrive turn 27). That would reinforce Burgos and then attack. But that delays the attack.

Alternatively, we could attack Pamplona from Vigo? Vigo is connected to Burgos. Vigo to Pamplona: Vigo -> Burgos -> Pamplona. 2 turns.

So maybe we should not attack Pamplona this turn. Instead, we should focus on Teruel and Valencia, and maybe attack Pamplona later with stronger forces.

Let's reconsider our target. We need 3 villages. The easiest might be Teruel, Valencia, and maybe Castellon or another. But we need to see which ones we can take and hold.

What if we take Teruel, then from Teruel take Castellon, and also take Valencia? That's three.

Let's check Castellon's last seen garrison: 5 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight. Defense unknown. If we take Teruel, we can attack Castellon from Teruel (1 turn). Teruel would be ours, so we can send troops from there. But we would need to leave troops in Teruel to defend it, and send some to Castellon.

Maybe we should build up our military strength over several turns, then launch a major offensive.

We have many turns? The game doesn't have a turn limit mentioned, but we want to win efficiently.

Let's think about the enemy's behavior. They are King B. They just reinforced Zaragoza heavily. They might be preparing for an attack. They might attack Madrid or Toledo. We should be ready to defend.

Perhaps we should adopt a defensive strategy first, building up our villages, and then attack when we have overwhelming force.

We have 121 soldiers at home. We can build more. Let's calculate our total resource production per turn: each of our 15 villages produces 30 wood and 20 iron. So total wood 450, iron 300 per turn. That's a lot. We can build many troops. But each village has a cap of 300 troops, and resources are per village. So we need to distribute builds.

We can build a large army over several turns. Then we can attack.

But we need to hold 18 for 2 turns. If we build up, we can take villages and hold them.

Let's consider a plan where we don't attack this turn, but instead build and reinforce, then attack next turn.

Turn 25: Build in many villages. Send reinforcements to border villages to strengthen them. Don't attack yet.

Turn 26: Attack with stronger forces.

But we need to be careful: the enemy might attack our weak villages now. Murcia is very weak. If we don't reinforce it, they might take it. So we should at least reinforce Murcia.

We can send troops from Cordoba to Murcia. Cordoba has 0 spear, 0 archer, 1 knight. That's not much. We can build in Cordoba this turn to have more to send. Or we can send from Sevilha [9] to Murcia? Sevilha has 0 spear, 3 archer, 0 knight. Sevilha to Murcia: road? Sevilha connects to [4] Badajoz, [5] Faro, [11] Cordoba. Not directly to Murcia. So Sevilha -> Cordoba -> Murcia. That's 2 turns. Too slow.

We can send from Faro [5] to Murcia? Faro connects to [2] Evora, [4] Badajoz, [9] Sevilha. Not to Murcia.

So the closest is Cordoba. Cordoba to Murcia: direct road. Distance? Let's check Cordoba's info: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That's to Toledo. To Murcia, it's interior. We don't have the distance. But we can infer from the road network that it's likely 1 turn? Many roads are 1 turn. Let's assume it's 1 turn for all speeds. If we send the knight from Cordoba to Murcia, it arrives next turn. That would add 1 knight to Murcia's defense. Not much.

We could build archers in Cordoba this turn, then send them to Murcia next turn. But that's next turn.

We could build in Murcia itself. Building spearman gives defense. If we build 7 spearman in Murcia, its defense becomes much higher. Then it can defend against a small attack. And we can still attack Valencia later with archers built there.

So let's focus on building for defense and attack.

Let's decide on a build plan for turn 25:

We'll build in the following villages:

- Murcia [15]: build 7 spearman (105 wood, 0 iron). This increases its garrison to 9 troops (7 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight). Raw defense = (7+1+1)*2 = 18, effective 22.5. That's a decent defense. It can also serve as a base to launch attacks later. But we still need archers to attack Valencia. We can build archers next turn.

- Toledo [8]: build 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) or 6 spear (90 wood). We want to attack Teruel, so we need archers. But we also want to increase Toledo's defense. Currently it has 14 troops. If we build 4 archers, it will have 18 troops. We can then send some to attack Teruel while leaving a strong defense. Let's build 4 archers in Toledo.

- Madrid [12]: build 5 knights (150 wood, 150 iron) or 12 archers (240 wood, 120 iron). Madrid has huge resources. We should build the most powerful troops. Knights are fast and strong. But they are countered by spearman. The enemy has many spearmen (Zaragoza has 15 spear). So knights might not be ideal. Archers are good against spearman. Let's build 12 archers in Madrid (240 wood, 120 iron). That would give Madrid a lot of archers. But Madrid already has 11 archers. Adding 12 makes 23 archers, plus 2 spear, 11 knight. That's a huge army. We can then send some to other villages.

- Burgos [14]: build 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) or 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron). Burgos has iron 130, wood 90. We can build 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) to increase its archers. It already has 7 archers. So building 4 more gives 11 archers. Then it can attack Pamplona with a strong force while leaving some for defense.

- Cordoba [11]: build 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) to send to Murcia or to attack Valencia. Cordoba has wood 90, iron 60. So 4 archers uses 80 wood, 40 iron. It will have 4 archers + 1 knight = 5 troops.

- Salamanca [7]: build 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron) or 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron). Salamanca has wood 100, iron 90. It's near Madrid. We can build knights to reinforce Madrid or send to front. Let's build 3 knights.

- Faro [5]: build 5 archers (100 wood, 50 iron) or something. Faro has 16 troops already. We can build more.

- Other villages: we can build spearman cheaply for defense.

But we need to be realistic about how many orders we can give. The JSON allows multiple builds and movements. We can list many.

Let's prioritize builds that directly support our immediate attacks.

We want to attack Teruel from Toledo and Pamplona from Burgos this turn. To do that, we need to send troops. But we also need to leave enough defense. By building this turn, we increase the garrison, so we can send more while still having defense.

For Toledo: currently 2 spear, 7 archer, 5 knight. If we build 4 archers, next turn it will have 2 spear, 11 archer, 5 knight. Then we can send, say, 0 spear, 7 archer, 3 knight to Teruel, leaving 2 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight for defense. That's better.

But we can only send this turn what we have now. The new builds won't be available for sending this turn. So if we want to attack this turn, we must use current troops. So building now doesn't help this turn's attack. It helps defense this turn if the enemy attacks, because the new troops will be there next turn? Actually, if we build this turn, they are ready in 1 turn, meaning they will be available next turn. So they won't be present for any battles this turn. The battles this turn (from movements ordered this turn) will happen next turn? Wait, the timing: We are at turn 25. We give orders for turn 25. Movements ordered now will march during turn 25 and arrive at the start of turn 26? Or at the end of turn 25? The report says "march from [x]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". If it's 1 turn, and we order on turn 25, they arrive on turn 26. So the battle happens on turn 26. The new builds we order now will be ready on turn 26. So they will be available for battles on turn 26? Actually, if they are ready in 1 turn, they are ready at the start of turn 26. So they could be used to defend on turn 26 if the enemy attacks on turn 26. But they cannot be sent on turn 25. So they don't affect the battles that happen on turn 26 from attacks ordered on turn 25? Wait, if we order an attack from Toledo on turn 25, the troops march and fight on turn 26. The new builds in Toledo will be ready on turn 26, but they are not sent; they stay in Toledo. So they would be present for defense on turn 26 if Toledo is attacked. But they wouldn't join the attack on Teruel because they weren't sent. So building now helps defense on turn 26, but doesn't increase the attack force for turn 26.

So if we want to attack Teruel on turn 26, we must send from current troops. We can still build to improve overall strength.

Let's decide on a conservative approach: Don't attack this turn. Instead, build up defenses and troop numbers. Then attack next turn with overwhelming force. This reduces risk of losing villages.

But we need to consider that the enemy might attack our weak villages this turn. If we don't reinforce Murcia, they might take it. So we should at least reinforce Murcia by sending troops from somewhere or building there.

We can send the knight from Cordoba to Murcia this turn. That will arrive next turn. But if the enemy attacks Murcia this turn (by sending from Valencia), they would arrive next turn. So our knight would arrive same turn. Would it help? The enemy army would fight the Murcia garrison. Our knight from Cordoba would arrive at Murcia on turn 26. Would it join the defense before the battle? The order of simultaneous events: likely all movements resolve, then battles. If both arrive on turn 26, the knight would be added to Murcia's garrison before the battle? The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." That applies to attacking the same target. For defense, if we send reinforcements to our own village, they join the garrison. The rule: "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So they do add to the garrison. If the enemy attacks Murcia, they would fight the garrison which includes our arriving reinforcements. So sending the knight from Cordoba to Murcia would increase its defense on turn 26.

But the knight alone is not much. We should also build in Murcia to increase its garrison. Building spearman in Murcia this turn: they will be ready next turn. So on turn 26, Murcia will have the new spearman plus the arriving knight, plus its original 2 troops. That would be a decent defense.

So let's do that: build in Murcia, send from Cordoba to Murcia.

Now, what about other fronts? We can also send from Badajoz to Toledo to reinforce Toledo. Badajoz has 0 spear, 1 archer, 3 knight. We can send some to Toledo. But Badajoz is also a village we own; sending troops leaves it weaker. But it's interior, no enemy border, so it's safe from direct attack. So we can send troops from interior to border.

We can send from Salamanca to Madrid? Madrid is already strong.

We can send from Vigo to Burgos.

Let's think about our overall troop distribution. We want to create a strong attack force while maintaining defense.

Maybe we should focus on one front at a time. For example, focus on the southern front: take Valencia, then from there take Castellon, etc. Or focus on the northern front: take Pamplona, then Zaragoza? But Zaragoza is very strong.

Let's examine the enemy's weaknesses. They have a lot of troops in Zaragoza, but other villages are weaker. Valencia is weak (defense 10). Teruel is moderate (20). Pamplona is moderate (20). Castellon was last seen with defense? We don't know current, but last seen 5 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight. That's raw defense 10*2=20, effective 25. Huesca: 3 spear, 2 archer -> raw defense 10, effective 12.5. Tarragona: 7 spear, 2 archer, 8 knight -> raw defense 17*2=34, effective 42.5. Barcelona unknown. Girona unknown.

So the weakest is Valencia (10). Then Huesca (12.5 last seen). Then Teruel (20), Pamplona (20), Castellon (25?).

We should attack Valencia first because it's weakest. But we need to get troops there.

Let's plan a multi-turn focused attack on Valencia.

Turn 25: 
- Build in Murcia: 7 spearman (defense).
- Build in Cordoba: 4 archers (for attack).
- Send from Cordoba to Murcia: the 1 knight it has now? Or wait, we build 4 archers this turn, they won't be ready next turn? They will be ready next turn. So we can send the existing knight from Cordoba to Murcia this turn. Or we can send nothing from Cordoba this turn, and next turn send the new archers plus knight.
- Send from Sevilha to Cordoba? Sevilha has 3 archer. We could send them to Cordoba to build up forces there. But travel time: Sevilha to Cordoba: road? Sevilha [9] connects to [11] Cordoba. Distance? Not sure. Probably 1 turn. So we can send Sevilha's archers to Cordoba this turn, arriving next turn. Then next turn, Cordoba will have those archers plus its own knight plus new builds. Then we can send from Cordoba to Murcia on turn 26, arriving turn 27. Then from Murcia to Valencia on turn 27? That would be turn 28 arrival. That's slow.

Alternatively, we can send from Sevilha directly to Murcia? No direct road.

Maybe we should just build in Murcia and attack from there. Murcia can build archers this turn, but they won't be ready for attack this turn. Next turn, Murcia will have 7 spear (defense) and 1 archer, 1 knight. If we also build archers in Murcia? We can only build one type per order? We can give multiple build orders to the same village? The JSON allows multiple builds? The field "build" is a list of objects, each with villageId, type, quantity. So we can order multiple builds in the same village? Probably yes, but each build is a separate order. However, the village's resources are shared. We can build both spearman and archers in Murcia. But we need to consider the cap: 300 troops. We can build many.

If we build 5 archers in Murcia this turn, it will have 7 spear (if we build those too) + 1 existing archer + 5 new archers = 13 troops. But we need to have enough wood and iron. Murcia has wood 110, iron 70. 7 spear cost 105 wood. 5 archers cost 100 wood, 50 iron. Total wood 205 > 110. So we can't build both max. We need to choose.

We could build 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) and 2 spear (30 wood) = 110 wood, 40 iron. That uses all wood. Then Murcia next turn: 2 spear (new) + 1 archer (old) + 4 archer (new) + 1 knight (old) = 2 spear, 5 archer, 1 knight = 8 troops. Raw defense = (2+5+1)*2=16, effective 20. Attack power if all sent: 2*1 + 5*2 + 1*4 = 2+10+4=16. With counter (archer vs spearman if defender has spearman), effective attack 24. That's enough to beat Valencia (defense 10). So we could attack Valencia from Murcia next turn with all troops? But if we send all, Murcia defense becomes 0. We should leave some for defense. We could send 3 archer, 1 knight (attack 6+4=10, effective 15 > 10), leave 2 spear, 2 archer (defense 4+4=8, effective 10). That's okay.

But we also need to consider that the enemy might attack Murcia. With 2 spear, 2 archer, defense 8, effective 10. If Valencia attacks with 2 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight (attack 8), they would tie? Let's compute: attacker attack 8. Defender effective defense 10 (including location). If defender has counter? Defender most numerous: 2 spear, 2 archer tie -> spearman. Attacker most numerous: spearman (2). No counter. So effective defense 10 vs attack 8, defender wins. So Murcia would hold.

So that could work.

But we need to also attack Teruel and Pamplona to get to 18. We can do those from other villages.

Let's outline a plan for turn 25 orders:

Builds:
- Murcia [15]: build 2 spearman, 4 archers? Actually we need to decide. Let's keep it simple: build 5 archers in Murcia. (100 wood, 50 iron). It has 110 wood, 70 iron. So after build, wood 10, iron 20. Next turn, it will have 1 existing archer + 5 new = 6 archers, and 1 knight. That's 7 troops. We can then send some to attack Valencia, leaving some for defense. We might also want to build spearman for defense, but we can do that later.

- Toledo [8]: build 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron). Toledo has 90 wood, 70 iron. After build: wood 10, iron 30. Next turn: 2 spear, 11 archer, 5 knight. We can then attack Teruel with a strong force.

- Burgos [14]: build 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron). Burgos has 90 wood, 130 iron. After: wood 10, iron 90. Next turn: 2 spear, 11 archer, 1 knight. We can attack Pamplona.

- Madrid [12]: build 5 knights (150 wood, 150 iron) or 12 archers. Let's build 12 archers (240 wood, 120 iron). Madrid has 250 wood, 160 iron. After: wood 10, iron 40. Next turn: 2 spear, 23 archer, 11 knight. Huge.

- Cordoba [11]: build 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron). Cordoba has 90 wood, 60 iron. After: wood 10, iron 20. Next turn: 0 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight.

- Salamanca [7]: build 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron). Salamanca has 100 wood, 90 iron. After: wood 10, iron 0. Next turn: 1 spear, 4 archer, 6 knight? Actually it had 1 spear, 4 archer, 3 knight. Adding 3 knight gives 1 spear, 4 archer, 6 knight.

- Faro [5]: build 5 archers (100 wood, 50 iron). Faro has 105 wood, 70 iron. After: wood 5, iron 20. Next turn: 0 spear, 18 archer, 3 knight? It had 13 archer, 3 knight. So 18 archer, 3 knight.

- Other villages: we can build spearman for cheap defense. For example, in Porto [6], Vigo [10], Sevilha [9], etc. But maybe not necessary.

Now movements for turn 25: We need to decide if we attack or just reinforce.

If we don't attack this turn, we can send reinforcements to border villages to prepare for enemy attacks or to build up for next turn's attacks.

We could send from interior villages to border villages to concentrate troops.

For example:
- Send from Badajoz [4] to Toledo [8]: Badajoz has 0 spear, 1 archer, 3 knight. Send the 3 knight to Toledo. Badajoz to Toledo: 1 turn. So they arrive next turn. Toledo gets 3 knight.
- Send from Salamanca [7] to Madrid [12]? Madrid is already strong. Maybe send to Toledo? Salamanca to Toledo: road? Salamanca connects to [3], [4], [6], [12]. Not directly to Toledo. So Salamanca -> Madrid -> Toledo? That's 2 turns. Or Salamanca -> Badajoz -> Toledo? Also 2 turns. So not fast.
- Send from Vigo [10] to Burgos [14]: Vigo has 1 archer. Send to Burgos. 1 turn.
- Send from Cordoba [11] to Murcia [15]: Cordoba has 1 knight. Send to Murcia. 1 turn.
- Send from Sevilha [9] to Cordoba [11]: Sevilha has 3 archer. Send to Cordoba. 1 turn? Sevilha to Cordoba: direct road? [9] Sevilha connects to [4], [5], [11]. Yes, direct to Cordoba. Distance? Probably 1 turn. So send 3 archer to Cordoba.
- Send from Faro [5] to Sevilha [9]? Or to Cordoba? Faro connects to [2], [4], [9]. So Faro to Sevilha is direct. Send some troops.

We can also send from our strong villages to weaker ones to balance.

But we also need to consider that the enemy might attack. If we send all troops from Badajoz to Toledo, Badajoz becomes empty. But Badajoz is interior, no enemy border, so it's safe. The only risk is if the enemy somehow reaches it, but they would have to pass through our border villages.

So we can safely send troops from interior to border.

Let's design a reinforcement plan for turn 25:

Movements:
- From Badajoz [4] to Toledo [8]: send 0 spear, 1 archer, 3 knight (all troops). This reinforces Toledo.
- From Vigo [10] to Burgos [14]: send 0 spear, 1 archer, 0 knight (all). Reinforce Burgos.
- From Cordoba [11] to Murcia [15]: send 0 spear, 0 archer, 1 knight (all). Reinforce Murcia.
- From Sevilha [9] to Cordoba [11]: send 0 spear, 3 archer, 0 knight (all). Move archers to Cordoba for later.
- From Porto [6] to Salamanca [7]? Or to Vigo? Porto has 1 archer. We could send to Vigo or Salamanca. Let's send to Salamanca to build up near Madrid.
- From Evora [2] to Faro [5]? Evora has 4 archer, 4 knight. We could send some to Faro to build a southern army.

But we need to be careful: if we send all troops from a village, it becomes defenseless. But interior villages are not directly attacked. However, if an enemy army passes through our border village, they could then attack interior villages? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So if an enemy attacks an interior village, they would have to march through our border villages. They would stop at the first non-theirs, which would be our border village. So they can't reach interior villages without taking the border village first. So interior villages are safe as long as we hold the border.

So we can strip interior villages to reinforce borders.

Let's check the road network: our interior villages are connected to border villages. For example, Badajoz is interior, connected to Toledo (border) and others. If we send all troops from Badajoz to Toledo, Badajoz is empty. If the enemy attacks Badajoz, they would have to come through Toledo (ours) or other borders. Since Toledo is ours, they would stop there. So Badajoz is safe.

So we can concentrate troops on border villages.

Now, which border villages do we want to reinforce? Toledo, Madrid, Burgos, Murcia. Madrid is already strong. Murcia is weak. Toledo and Burgos are moderate.

We want to prepare for attacks next turn. We can build up Toledo and Burgos so that next turn we can send large armies to Teruel and Pamplona while leaving enough defense.

We also want to prepare to attack Valencia from Murcia. We need to get archers to Murcia. We can send archers from Cordoba and Sevilha to Murcia, but they take time. Alternatively, we can build archers in Murcia itself (as planned). So let's build archers in Murcia. And we can send the knight from Cordoba to Murcia for extra.

Now, let's decide on the exact orders for turn 25.

I think we should start by building troops, and also send some reinforcements. But we might also want to attack Teruel and Pamplona this turn? If we attack this turn, we use current troops. Let's see if we can spare the troops from Toledo and Burgos to attack while still having decent defense.

Current Toledo: 2 spear, 7 archer, 5 knight. If we send 0 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight to Teruel, we leave 2 spear, 3 archer, 3 knight. That's raw defense 16, effective 20. With counter (archer vs spearman if attacked by Teruel's spearman), effective defense 30. That's good. And we also have reinforcements from Badajoz arriving next turn (3 knight). So on turn 26, Toledo will have the 3 knight from Badajoz plus the leftover 2 spear, 3 archer, 3 knight = 2 spear, 3 archer, 6 knight. That's even stronger. So we can safely send the attack force now.

Similarly, Burgos: 2 spear, 7 archer, 1 knight. If we send 0 spear, 5 archer, 1 knight to Pamplona, we leave 2 spear, 2 archer, 0 knight. That's weak. But we have Vigo sending 1 archer, arriving next turn. So on turn 26, Burgos will have 2 spear, 3 archer, 0 knight. Still weak. We could also send from Madrid to Burgos? Madrid has many troops. If we send some from Madrid to Burgos this turn, they arrive next turn. For example, send from Madrid to Burgos: 2 spear, 3 archer, 2 knight? That would reinforce Burgos. But then Madrid's defense decreases slightly, but Madrid is huge.

So maybe we can attack Pamplona from Burgos this turn, and reinforce Burgos from Madrid and Vigo to compensate.

Let's compute if Burgos can defend against a Pamplona counterattack on turn 26. If the enemy attacks Burgos from Pamplona, they would have 4 spear, 4 knight (attack 20). On turn 26, Burgos garrison would be: original leftover (2 spear, 2 archer, 0 knight) + arriving from Vigo (1 archer) + arriving from Madrid (say, 2 spear, 3 archer, 2 knight). Total: 4 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight? Wait, careful: The leftover from Burgos after sending is 2 spear, 2 archer, 0 knight. Then Vigo sends 1 archer -> 2 spear, 3 archer, 0 knight. Madrid sends 2 spear, 3 archer, 2 knight -> total 4 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight. Raw defense = (4+6+2)*2 = 24, effective 30. Most numerous: archer (6). Attacker most numerous: spearman (4) and knight (4) tie -> spearman. Counter: archer vs spearman -> defender gets 1.5x. Effective defense = 30 * 1.5 = 45. That's way above 20. So Burgos would be very safe.

So we can send from Madrid to Burgos to reinforce.

What about Madrid itself? Madrid has 24 troops. If we send 7 troops to Burgos, it will have 17 left. Its defense will drop from 60 to maybe 40? Still high. And we can build more in Madrid.

So let's plan attacks for turn 25:

- From Toledo [8] to Teruel [13]: send 0 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight.
- From Burgos [14] to Pamplona [19]: send 0 spear, 5 archer, 1 knight.
- From Madrid [12] to Burgos [14]: send 2 spear, 3 archer, 2 knight (reinforce Burgos).
- From Badajoz [4] to Toledo [8]: send 0 spear, 1 archer, 3 knight (all troops).
- From Vigo [10] to Burgos [14]: send 0 spear, 1 archer, 0 knight (all).
- From Cordoba [11] to Murcia [15]: send 0 spear, 0 archer, 1 knight (all).
- From Sevilha [9] to Cordoba [11]: send 0 spear, 3 archer, 0 knight (all).
- From Porto [6] to Salamanca [7] or somewhere? Maybe send to Vigo? But Vigo already sent its only troop. We can leave Porto as is.

Now, what about Murcia and Valencia? We are not attacking Valencia this turn. We are reinforcing Murcia with Cordoba's knight. We also build in Murcia. Next turn, we can attack Valencia.

But we need to conquer 3 villages. If we conquer Teruel and Pamplona on turn 26, we have 17. Then on turn 27, we can conquer Valencia, giving 18. Then we need to hold on turn 28.

But we also need to consider that the enemy might attack our villages on turn 26. We have reinforced our borders, so they should hold.

Let's check the enemy's possible moves. They have armies marching toward Zaragoza (arriving in 1 turn). Those are reinforcements. They might also attack our villages. They could attack Toledo from Teruel, or Burgos from Pamplona, or Murcia from Valencia, or Madrid from Zaragoza. We have prepared defenses.

Now, we need to write the build orders. We'll build in multiple villages to increase our troop numbers.

Let's finalize the build orders for turn 25:

We want to build:
- Murcia [15]: build 5 archers (100 wood, 50 iron). This gives it archers for attack.
- Toledo [8]: build 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron). Increases archers.
- Burgos [14]: build 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron). Increases archers.
- Madrid [12]: build 12 archers (240 wood, 120 iron). Large increase.
- Cordoba [11]: build 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron). For later.
- Salamanca [7]: build 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron). For flexibility.
- Faro [5]: build 5 archers (100 wood, 50 iron). Build up southern reserves.
- Maybe also build in other villages: Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, Coimbra, Badajoz, Porto, Vigo, Sevilha. But we can keep it simple. We can build spearman in some for cheap defense. For example, in Badajoz, we could build spearman. But Badajoz we are sending all troops away, so it will be empty. We might want to build some there so it's not empty. But interior empty is okay.

Let's check resource limits: each village has its own resources. We need to ensure we don't exceed.

Murcia: wood 110, iron 70. 5 archers: 100 wood, 50 iron. OK.
Toledo: wood 90, iron 70. 4 archers: 80 wood, 40 iron. OK.
Burgos: wood 90, iron 130. 4 archers: 80 wood, 40 iron. OK.
Madrid: wood 250, iron 160. 12 archers: 240 wood, 120 iron. OK.
Cordoba: wood 90, iron 60. 4 archers: 80 wood, 40 iron. OK.
Salamanca: wood 100, iron 90. 3 knights: 90 wood, 90 iron. OK.
Faro: wood 105, iron 70. 5 archers: 100 wood, 50 iron. OK.

We could also build in Lisboa, etc., but maybe not necessary.

Now movements. We need to list all movements.

Let's list all movements with exact numbers.

From Toledo [8] to Teruel [13]: 
- spearman: 0
- archer: 4
- knight: 2

From Burgos [14] to Pamplona [19]:
- spearman: 0
- archer: 5
- knight: 1

From Madrid [12] to Burgos [14]:
- spearman: 2
- archer: 3
- knight: 2

From Badajoz [4] to Toledo [8]:
- spearman: 0
- archer: 1
- knight: 3

From Vigo [10] to Burgos [14]:
- spearman: 0
- archer: 1
- knight: 0

From Cordoba [11] to Murcia [15]:
- spearman: 0
- archer: 0
- knight: 1

From Sevilha [9] to Cordoba [11]:
- spearman: 0
- archer: 3
- knight: 0

We might also send from Porto [6] to somewhere. Porto has 1 archer. We could send to Vigo or Burgos or Salamanca. Let's send to Salamanca [7] to reinforce near Madrid. But Salamanca is interior, and we are building there. Actually, we can send to Madrid to further reinforce. But Madrid is already strong. Let's send to Salamanca to balance. Or we can leave Porto as is. I'll send from Porto to Salamanca: 0 spear, 1 archer, 0 knight.

Also, we might want to send from Evora [2] to Faro [5] or something. Evora has 4 archer, 4 knight. We could send some to Faro to build a southern army. But Faro is already building. Let's send from Evora to Faro: 0 spear, 4 archer, 4 knight? That would empty Evora. But Evora is interior, safe. We can do that to concentrate troops in Faro, which is closer to the southern front? Faro is near Sevilha and Cordoba. Actually, Faro is on the coast. To attack Valencia, we need troops in Murcia. Faro to Murcia: road? Faro connects to [2] Evora, [4] Badajoz, [9] Sevilha. Not directly to Murcia. So not helpful. Maybe we should keep Evora's troops for later.

We could send from Santarem [1] to Badajoz? Badajoz we are emptying. We could send troops from Santarem to Badajoz to keep it populated. But Badajoz is interior, so empty is okay.

Let's not overcomplicate. We'll stick to the movements listed.

Now, we need to write the "plan" and "statement" texts.

Plan: We are focusing on reinforcing our border villages and building up our army. This turn, we are sending attacks to Teruel and Pamplona to weaken the enemy's outer defenses, while simultaneously reinforcing our own borders with troops from interior villages. We are building archers in many villages to prepare for a major offensive next turn, targeting Valencia and then deeper into enemy territory. Our goal is to reach 18 villages and hold them for two turns.

Statement: We have ordered attacks on Teruel and Pamplona, hoping to conquer them by next turn. We have also moved troops from interior villages to reinforce our borders, particularly Murcia which was vulnerable. Our builders are working hard, producing archers and knights to swell our ranks. The enemy may try to counterattack, but our defenses are ready.

Now, we need to output JSON.

Let's structure the JSON.

Builds: list of objects with villageId, type, quantity.

Movements: list of objects with fromId, toId, troops.

We need to use the correct village IDs.

Let's list all builds:
- villageId: 15, type: "archer", quantity: 5
- villageId: 8, type: "archer", quantity: 4
- villageId: 14, type: "archer", quantity: 4
- villageId: 12, type: "archer", quantity: 12
- villageId: 11, type: "archer", quantity: 4
- villageId: 7, type: "knight", quantity: 3
- villageId: 5, type: "archer", quantity: 5

We could also add builds for spearman in some villages for defense. For example, in Murcia, we could build spearman instead of or in addition to archers. But we decided archers for attack. We can add spearman in Murcia for defense: build 2 spearman? But we have limited wood. If we build 5 archers, wood left 10. So we can't build spearman (needs 15 wood). So we can't. In other villages, we might build spearman. For example, in Porto [6], we could build spearman. But not necessary.

Let's keep the builds as above.

Movements:
- fromId: 8, toId: 13, troops: {spearman: 0, archer: 4, knight: 2}
- fromId: 14, toId: 19, troops: {spearman: 0, archer: 5, knight: 1}
- fromId: 12, toId: 14, troops: {spearman: 2, archer: 3, knight: 2}
- fromId: 4, toId: 8, troops: {spearman: 0, archer: 1, knight: 3}
- fromId: 10, toId: 14, troops: {spearman: 0, archer: 1, knight: 0}
- fromId: 11, toId: 15, troops: {spearman: 0, archer: 0, knight: 1}
- fromId: 9, toId: 11, troops: {spearman: 0, archer: 3, knight: 0}
- fromId: 6, toId: 7, troops: {spearman: 0, archer: 1, knight: 0}

Check: Porto [6] has 1 archer, so we can send 1 archer to Salamanca [7].

Now, we need to ensure we don't send troops a village doesn't have. Let's verify each:

- Toledo [8]: has 2 spear, 7 archer, 5 knight. We send 0 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight. OK.
- Burgos [14]: has 2 spear, 7 archer, 1 knight. We send 0 spear, 5 archer, 1 knight. OK.
- Madrid [12]: has 2 spear, 11 archer, 11 knight. We send 2 spear, 3 archer, 2 knight. OK.
- Badajoz [4]: has 0 spear, 1 archer, 3 knight. We send 0 spear, 1 archer, 3 knight. OK.
- Vigo [10]: has 0 spear, 1 archer, 0 knight. We send 0 spear, 1 archer, 0 knight. OK.
- Cordoba [11]: has 0 spear, 0 archer, 1 knight. We send 0 spear, 0 archer, 1 knight. OK.
- Sevilha [9]: has 0 spear, 3 archer, 0 knight. We send 0 spear, 3 archer, 0 knight. OK.
- Porto [6]: has 0 spear, 1 archer, 0 knight. We send 0 spear, 1 archer, 0 knight. OK.

All good.

Now, plan and statement texts.

Plan: "We are launching a two-pronged attack this turn: Toledo strikes Teruel, Burgos strikes Pamplona, while we reinforce our borders from interior villages. We are building archers across our realm to swell our ranks, focusing on Murcia and the border cities. Next turn, we will turn our attention to Valencia, taking it from the weakened enemy. Our aim is to hold 18 villages by the end of next turn and consolidate our hold."

Statement: "Our armies have set out for Teruel and Pamplona, while reinforcements rush to shore up our vulnerable borders, especially Murcia. The builders are working overtime, churning out archers and knights. We expect to conquer two enemy villages this turn and will press the advantage next turn against Valencia. The enemy may try to counterattack, but our defenses are ready."

We need to keep plan under 600 characters? The instruction says: "2 to 6 lines (anything past 600 characters is cut off)." So we should keep it concise. Let's count characters.

Plan: "We are launching a two-pronged attack this turn: Toledo strikes Teruel, Burgos strikes Pamplona, while we reinforce our borders from interior villages. We are building archers across our realm to swell our ranks, focusing on Murcia and the border cities. Next turn, we will turn our attention to Valencia, taking it from the weakened enemy. Our aim is to hold 18 villages by the end of next turn and consolidate our hold." That's about 400 characters. Good.

Statement: "Our armies have set out for Teruel and Pamplona, while reinforcements rush to shore up our vulnerable borders, especially Murcia. The builders are working overtime, churning out archers and knights. We expect to conquer two enemy villages this turn and will press the advantage next turn against Valencia. The enemy may try to counterattack, but our defenses are ready." Also fine.

Now, output JSON.

We need to make sure the JSON is valid. Use double quotes.

Let's construct the JSON object.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":8,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":4,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":14,"destinoId":19,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":5,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":12,"destinoId":14,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":4,"destinoId":8,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":3}},{"origemId":10,"destinoId":14,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":11,"destinoId":15,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":9,"destinoId":11,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":6,"destinoId":7,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":0}}]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [15]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [15]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [15]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [15]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [15]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [8]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [8]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [8]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [8]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [14]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [14]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [14]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [14]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [12]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [12]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [12]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [12]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [12]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [12]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [12]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [12]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [12]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [12]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [12]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [12]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [11]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [11]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [11]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [11]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [7]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [7]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [7]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO envio [8]->[13]: 4A+2K
ACEITO envio [14]->[19]: 5A+1K
ACEITO envio [12]->[14]: 2S+3A+2K
ACEITO envio [4]->[8]: 1A+3K
ACEITO envio [10]->[14]: 1A
ACEITO envio [11]->[15]: 1K
ACEITO envio [9]->[11]: 3A
ACEITO envio [6]->[7]: 1A
plano (volta no proximo prompt): We are launching a two-pronged attack this turn: Toledo strikes Teruel, Burgos strikes Pamplona, while we reinforce our borders from interior villages. We are building archers across our realm to swell our ranks, focusing on Murcia and the border cities. Next turn, we will turn our attention to Valencia, taking it from the weakened enemy. Our aim is to hold 18 villages by the end of next turn and consolidate our hold.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): Our armies have set out for Teruel and Pamplona, while reinforcements rush to shore up our vulnerable borders, especially Murcia. The builders are working overtime, churning out archers and knights. We expect to conquer two enemy villages this turn and will press the advantage next turn against Valencia. The enemy may try to counterattack, but our defenses are ready.
########## TURNO 25 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3305 | resposta 7028 | raciocinio 7028 | finish content_filter | ms 86445
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: We need to analyze the situation. We are King B, currently holding 9 of 24 villages. We need to hold at least 18 for 2 consecutive turns or eliminate every enemy village. We have 9 villages, including our capital Barcelona. The enemy capital is Lisboa [0], unknown garrison. We have troops at home and marching.

Let's list our villages and their available troops:

1. Barcelona [22]: 9 at home (9 spearman? Actually "troops at home: 9 / 300" but breakdown: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 6 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight". So home has 9 troops: 6 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight. Already marching: 4 spearmen, 1 archer, 5 knights.
2. Tarragona [21]: 6 at home: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight.
3. Girona [23]: 9 at home: 6 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight. Already marching: 2 spearmen, 3 knights.
4. Castellon [18]: 9 at home: 6 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight.
5. Zaragoza [17]: 46 at home: 15 spearman, 10 archer, 21 knight. (This is a huge stack.)
6. Huesca [20]: 6 at home: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight.
7. Valencia [16]: 4 at home: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. (We just conquered it last turn? The log says "You attacked [16] Valencia: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 2 troops)". So we now own it. It has 4 troops at home, but we can send them. It's a border with [15] Murcia (enemy).)
8. Teruel [13]: 8 at home: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 4 knight.
9. Pamplona [19]: 8 at home: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 4 knight.

Total home troops: 105 soldiers (51 spearman, 12 archer, 42 knight) + 15 marching. The marching troops are from Barcelona and Girona to Zaragoza, arriving in 1 turn. So next turn they will be at Zaragoza.

We need to decide on builds and movements.

Economy: Each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn. We need to check resources for each village to see what we can build.

Let's list each village's resources:

- Barcelona [22]: wood 35 (+30/turn), iron 30 (+20/turn). So it has 35 wood, 30 iron. It can build troops. Costs: spearman 15 wood, 0 iron; archer 20 wood, 10 iron; knight 30 wood, 30 iron. With 35 wood, 30 iron, it can build: 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) not enough. 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) exactly. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) = 35 wood, 10 iron. Or 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron) + 1 archer? 2 spearman = 30 wood, 1 archer = 20 wood, total 50 wood >35. So max: 1 knight, or 1 archer + 1 spearman, or 2 spearman + 0 archer? 2 spearman = 30 wood, leaves 5 wood, 30 iron. Could also do 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaves 15 wood, 20 iron -> can build 1 spearman (15 wood) -> total 1 archer, 1 spearman. Or 3 spearman? 45 wood >35. So best is probably 1 knight (uses all iron, 30 wood) or 1 archer + 1 spearman (35 wood, 10 iron). But we need to consider what we want. Knights are expensive but powerful. We have many knights already. But we need to hold 18 villages. We need to conquer more.

- Tarragona [21]: wood 35, iron 20. Can build: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) = 35 wood, 10 iron. Or 2 spearman (30 wood) + maybe nothing else. Or 1 knight? 30 wood, 30 iron -> not enough iron. So max: 1 archer + 1 spearman, or 2 spearman, or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 15 wood, 10 iron -> can build 1 spearman? 15 wood, yes. So same.

- Girona [23]: wood 35, iron 20. Same as Tarragona.

- Castellon [18]: wood 35, iron 30. Same as Barcelona? Actually wood 35, iron 30. So can build 1 knight, or 1 archer + 1 spearman, etc.

- Zaragoza [17]: wood 30, iron 20. It has 30 wood, 20 iron. Can build: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) = 35 wood >30. So maybe 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 10 iron -> can't build spearman (needs 15 wood). So best: 2 spearman, or 1 archer, or 1 knight? 30 wood, 30 iron -> not enough iron. So 2 spearman or 1 archer.

- Huesca [20]: wood 30, iron 20. Same as Zaragoza.

- Valencia [16]: wood 90, iron 70! That's a lot. It produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn, but it has accumulated 90 wood, 70 iron. So it can build many troops. Cap is 300 troops at home, currently 4. So we can build a lot. With 90 wood, 70 iron, we can build: 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron) not enough iron. 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) leaves 30 wood, 10 iron -> can build 1 archer? 20 wood, 10 iron -> yes, 1 archer. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) = 70 wood, 50 iron, leaves 20 wood, 20 iron -> can build 1 archer? Actually 20 wood, 10 iron, so another archer? 3 archers total? Let's calculate: 1 knight = 30/30; 3 archers = 60/30; total 90/60, leaves 0 wood, 10 iron. Or 4 archers = 80 wood, 40 iron, leaves 10 wood, 30 iron -> can't build more. Or 6 spearman = 90 wood, 0 iron, leaves 0 wood, 70 iron. So many options. But we need to decide what to build.

- Teruel [13]: wood 30, iron 20. Same as Zaragoza.

- Pamplona [19]: wood 40, iron 20. Can build: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) = 35 wood, 10 iron, leaves 5 wood, 10 iron. Or 2 spearman (30 wood) + maybe 1 archer? 2 spearman = 30 wood, 1 archer = 20 wood = 50 >40. So 2 spearman + 0 archer, or 1 archer + 1 spearman, or 1 knight? 30 wood, 30 iron -> not enough iron. So similar.

Now, we need to plan movements. We have troops marching to Zaragoza: from Girona (2 spearman, 3 knights) and from Barcelona (4 spearman, 1 archer, 5 knights). They arrive in 1 turn. So next turn, Zaragoza will have its current 46 + these 15 = 61 troops? Actually the marching troops are not available now, but next turn they will join. We can also send troops from other villages.

We need to conquer more villages. We currently have 9. We need 18 for 2 consecutive turns. That's a lot. We need to expand quickly. The enemy has many villages. We can see some: Madrid [12] (enemy), Murcia [15] (enemy), Burgos [14] (enemy), Toledo [8] (enemy). Also known from before: Salamanca [7], Cordoba [11], Badajoz [4], Porto [6], Vigo [10]. Unexplored: Coimbra [3], Sevilha [9], Faro [5], Santarem [1], Lisboa [0], Evora [2]. Total 24 villages. We have 9, enemy has the rest (15? Actually we have 9, so enemy has 15? But some might be neutral? The problem says "neutral villages harden with time", but we haven't seen any neutral ones. All seen are either ours or enemy's. So likely all 24 are owned by either us or King A. So enemy has 15 villages. We need to conquer 9 more to reach 18. Or we can try to eliminate every enemy village, which is harder.

We need to decide on a strategy. The note from last turn said: "I am concentrating all my forces at Zaragoza to create an unassailable fortress. Castellon is attacking Valencia to conquer it and expand my territory. I am sending all troops from Teruel, Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona, Girona, and Barcelona to Zaragoza. I am building 16 knights and 32 spearmen to rebuild my armies. I accept that I might lose Teruel and Pamplona temporarily, but I will retake them with the Zaragoza horde."

But the map has changed. We now own Valencia. The plan was to concentrate at Zaragoza. But we need to think: if we send all troops to Zaragoza, we might be able to attack Madrid [12] or other places. But we need to hold 18 villages. If we send all troops away, our other villages might be vulnerable to enemy attack. However, the enemy might also attack us. We need to defend our villages or expand.

Let's analyze the enemy's possible moves. We don't see any enemy armies on the march. But they might be moving. We need to protect our borders. Our border villages: Zaragoza borders Madrid [12] (enemy). Valencia borders Murcia [15] (enemy). Teruel borders Toledo [8] (enemy). Pamplona borders Burgos [14] (enemy). Also, our interior villages are safe if no enemy can reach them. But if we lose border villages, we might lose territory.

We need to decide: do we go on the offensive or defensive? To win, we need to hold 18 villages. That means we need to conquer at least 9 more. We can try to attack Madrid from Zaragoza. Madrid has effective defense 60 (was 23, 5 turns ago). That's a lot. It has garrison: 2 spearmen, 11 archers, 11 knights. That's 24 troops. Effective defense 60 is high. We need to attack with enough force. Zaragoza currently has 46 troops, but many are spearman and archer. Let's calculate attack power.

We need to understand combat rules. When attacking, we count our ATTACK values. The defender counts DEFENSE. The effective defense in the report already includes location bonus. For Madrid, effective defense is 60. That means the defender's defense total is 60. We need to have a higher effective force to win. Our attack force is the sum of our troops' attack values, with possible counter bonus. The counter triangle: spearman counters knight (multiplies force by 1.5), archer counters spearman, knight counters archer. The most numerous type sets the counter matchup. If we have a mix, we need to see which type is most numerous. If we send a pure army of one type, we get the counter bonus if we counter their most numerous type? Actually the rule: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counts spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5. The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So both attacker and defender have a most numerous type. The attacker's most numerous type vs defender's most numerous type: if attacker's type counters defender's type, attacker's force is multiplied by 1.5. If defender's type counters attacker's, defender gets bonus? The rule says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't specify defender bonus, but likely both get bonus if they have the counter. But the rule says "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup". So we need to see both armies. But we don't know the enemy's most numerous type? Actually we do: Madrid garrison: 2 spearmen, 11 archers, 11 knights. Most numerous: archers and knights tie at 11. Ties break in order spearman, archer, knight. So archer is considered most numerous? The order is spearman, archer, knight. So if tie, the earlier one wins? "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight". That means if there is a tie, the type that comes first in that order is considered most numerous. So archer beats knight. So Madrid's most numerous type is archer. Therefore, if we attack with knights as our most numerous type, we get the counter bonus (knight counters archer). If we attack with archers, we tie? Actually archer vs archer: no bonus. If we attack with spearman, spearman does not counter archer (archer counters spearman), so defender (archer) would counter us? The rule says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So if our type counters theirs, we get 1.5x. If their type counters ours, they get 1.5x? The rule doesn't explicitly say defender gets bonus, but it says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It might apply to both. But the combat example: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER." So effective force includes counter bonus. So we need to calculate our effective attack force and compare to their effective defense force (which already includes location bonus, but does it include counter bonus? The report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 60". It might not include counter bonus. The counter bonus is applied during combat. So we need to compute our attack force, apply counter bonus if any, then compare to their defense 60.

Let's compute our attack power if we send all available troops from Zaragoza. Zaragoza available: 15 spearman, 10 archer, 21 knight. Total attack: spearman attack 1 each = 15; archer attack 2 each = 20; knight attack 4 each = 84. Total raw attack = 119. If we send all, our most numerous type is knight (21). Knight counters archer. Madrid's most numerous is archer. So we get 1.5x bonus. Effective attack = 119 * 1.5 = 178.5. Madrid defense = 60. So we would win easily. But we must also consider that we might not want to send all, because we need to defend other places. Also, we have troops marching in from other villages that will arrive next turn. If we wait, we can have even more. But if we attack now, we might take Madrid. However, we need to consider that the enemy might reinforce Madrid. Also, we need to hold 18 villages. If we take Madrid, we then have 10 villages. We still need 8 more.

But we also have other fronts. Valencia borders Murcia [15] with defense 5 (was 15). That's very weak. We can probably take Murcia easily. Teruel borders Toledo [8] with defense 35. Pamplona borders Burgos [14] with defense 25. We could attack those as well.

We need to coordinate attacks to expand our territory. But we must be careful not to overextend and lose villages. The enemy might counterattack. We need to ensure our villages have enough defenders.

Let's list our villages and their garrisons. We can leave troops behind to defend. For interior villages, we might not need many if they are not on the border. But if we lose a border village, the enemy might march through. Our capital Barcelona is interior, but it's connected to Tarragona and Girona. If we lose those, Barcelona could be threatened. But currently, no enemy is near.

We need to decide on builds and movements for this turn.

First, let's consider the marching troops. They are already on their way. We cannot change them. They will arrive at Zaragoza next turn. So Zaragoza will get: from Girona: 2 spearman, 3 knights; from Barcelona: 4 spearman, 1 archer, 5 knights. Total arriving: 6 spearman, 1 archer, 8 knights. So Zaragoza will have: current 46 + these 15 = 61 troops at home? Actually the marching troops are not at home yet; they are marching. When they arrive, they become part of the garrison. So next turn, Zaragoza will have 46 + 15 = 61 troops available to send? But we can also build new troops this turn. The builds we order now will be ready next turn? The rule: "ready in 1 turn." So if we order builds now, they will be ready at the end of this turn, so they can be used next turn. But we need to consider that we can send troops this turn from the available ones. The marching troops are not available this turn; they are already marching. So for this turn's orders, we can only send troops that are currently at home (the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" numbers). And we can build new troops that will be ready next turn, but we cannot send them this turn because they are built at the end of the turn? Actually the rule: "spearman: costs 15 wood + 0 iron, ready in 1 turn." That means if we order a build, it takes 1 turn to produce, so it will be available for movement next turn. So we can only send troops that are already built and at home. So for this turn's movements, we use the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" numbers.

Now, we need to decide where to send troops. We can attack enemy villages, or reinforce our own.

Potential attacks:
- From Zaragoza to Madrid [12]: distance: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So if we send from Zaragoza, it takes 1 turn for fast troops, but mixed army marches at speed of slowest. If we send a mixed army, it might take longer. But we can send only fast troops to make it quick. However, we need to consider that we might want to send a large force. The travel time is given as "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means if we send only knights (fast), it takes 1 turn. If we send only archers (medium), 1 turn? Actually "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means the road distance is such that a slow troop takes 1 turn, medium takes 1 turn, fast takes 1 turn? That seems odd: usually fast troops take fewer turns. But here it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" which might mean that for this particular road, the travel time is 1 turn regardless of speed? Or it means the base time is 1 turn for slow, and medium and fast are fractions? But it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". I think it means the travel time in turns for each speed type: slow takes 1 turn, medium takes 1 turn, fast takes 1 turn. So it's a 1-turn march for any troop type. That is consistent with other distances: from Barcelona to Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So there, slow takes 2 turns, medium 1, fast 1. So for Madrid from Zaragoza, it's 1 turn for all. So we can send any mix and they will arrive next turn. But if we send a mixed army, they all travel together at the speed of the slowest. So if we include slow troops (spearman), the whole army takes 1 turn? Actually if the road is 1 slow turn, that means a slow troop takes 1 turn to traverse it. So if we send a mixed army, it will take 1 turn because the slowest is 1 turn. So it's fine.

- From Valencia to Murcia [15]: distance: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So also 1 turn.

- From Teruel to Toledo [8]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

- From Pamplona to Burgos [14]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

So all our border villages are 1 turn away from enemy villages.

We also have interior villages that can send troops to reinforce borders. For example, Castellon can send to Valencia or Teruel? Road: Castellon [18] connects to [13] Teruel, [16] Valencia, [21] Tarragona. So it can reinforce Valencia or Teruel. Tarragona connects to [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [22] Barcelona. Girona connects to [20] Huesca, [22] Barcelona. Huesca connects to [17] Zaragoza, [19] Pamplona, [23] Girona. So we can move troops around.

We need to decide on a grand plan. The note from last turn said we are concentrating at Zaragoza. But we also just took Valencia. Perhaps we should continue that: build up Zaragoza and attack Madrid. But we also need to protect our other borders. If we send all from Zaragoza to Madrid, we might take it, but then Zaragoza would be empty? Actually we can leave some troops in Zaragoza to defend it. The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So if we send from Zaragoza to Madrid, they will march and fight at Madrid. If we send from Zaragoza to somewhere else, they might stop at Madrid if it's on the path? But the path from Zaragoza to Madrid is direct: Zaragoza -> Madrid. So if we send to Madrid, they go there. If we send to somewhere beyond Madrid, they would stop at Madrid if it's enemy. So we can only attack Madrid directly.

We need to consider that the enemy might attack our villages this turn. They write orders simultaneously. So we need to anticipate their moves. They might try to retake Valencia, or attack our other borders. We need to defend. We can leave troops in border villages to defend. Defense is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village, x1.5 in a castle. Our capital Barcelona is a castle? It says "YOUR CAPITAL" for Barcelona, so it likely gets the castle defense bonus. Other villages are villages. Zaragoza is a border village, but it has a huge defense? Its effective defense is 115. That's very high. That suggests it has a lot of troops or a strong defense. Actually effective defense includes the location bonus and the troops' defense. Zaragoza has 46 troops at home. Its effective defense is 115. That's the defense value we would use if we attack it. But we own it, so we don't attack it. But if the enemy attacks it, they would face that defense. So Zaragoza is very strong. Valencia has effective defense 10 (was something). It has only 4 troops. So it's weak. If the enemy attacks Valencia, they might take it. We should reinforce Valencia or send troops there to defend.

We need to balance our moves. Let's think about the win condition: hold 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns. That means we need to conquer and hold. We can try to conquer multiple villages this turn. We can attack from multiple places. Since orders are simultaneous, we can launch several attacks. But we need to have enough troops.

Let's list all available troops we can send this turn (from each village's "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW"):

- Barcelona: 6 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight. (But Barcelona is capital, we might want to keep some for defense? It has effective defense 27, so it's decent. But we can send some.)
- Tarragona: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight.
- Girona: 6 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight. (But 2 spearman, 3 knights are already marching from Girona? Actually the marching from Girona is "2 spearmen, 3 knights". That leaves the available: 6 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight. So the marching troops are separate. So Girona still has 6 spearman, 3 knight available. Wait, the report says: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 6 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight" and "already marching out (NOT available): 2 spearmen, 3 knights". So Girona has 9 troops total: 8 spearman? Actually 6 available + 2 marching = 8 spearman, and 3 available knight + 3 marching = 6 knights? But the report says "troops at home: 9 / 300". So at home there are 9 troops: 6 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight. The marching ones are additional? No, the marching ones are from that village, so they are not at home. The total troops in that village would be home + marching? But the "troops at home" number is the number currently stationed in the village. The marching ones are away. So Girona has 9 at home, and 5 marching out. So total troops in Girona is 14? But the report says "TOTAL: 105 soldiers at home (51 spearman, 12 archer, 42 knight) + 15 marching". So the 105 includes all at home. The marching are extra. So Girona's home troops are 9, and it has 5 marching. So it has 14 total. But for sending, we can only send the 9 at home. So available: 6 spearman, 3 knight. That's fine.

- Castellon: 6 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight.
- Zaragoza: 15 spearman, 10 archer, 21 knight. (Huge)
- Huesca: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight.
- Valencia: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. (Only 4, but we can also build more there this turn.)
- Teruel: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 4 knight.
- Pamplona: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 4 knight.

We can also build new troops this turn. They will be ready next turn, so we cannot send them this turn. But we can plan to send them next turn.

Now, what should we do this turn? We need to decide on builds and movements.

Option 1: Focus on Madrid. Send a large force from Zaragoza to Madrid. We can also send from other villages to reinforce Zaragoza? But they would have to march to Zaragoza first, which takes time. For example, from Barcelona to Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So if we send from Barcelona now, they would arrive at Zaragoza in 1 turn (if fast) or 2 turns (if slow). But we want to attack Madrid this turn? If we send from Zaragoza now, they arrive at Madrid next turn. If we send from Barcelona to Zaragoza now, they arrive at Zaragoza next turn (if fast) or the turn after (if slow). Then from Zaragoza to Madrid would take another turn. So it's faster to send directly from Zaragoza.

But we might want to send troops from other places to attack other villages. For example, from Valencia to Murcia: Murcia has defense 5, very weak. We can take it easily. From Teruel to Toledo: Toledo defense 35, but we have 4 spearman, 4 knight available at Teruel. Attack power: spearman 4*1=4, knight 4*4=16, total 20. Most numerous: tie? 4 spearman, 4 knight. Ties break order: spearman, archer, knight. So spearman is most numerous. Spearman does not counter anything? Actually spearman counters knight. But defender's most numerous? Toledo garrison: 2 spearmen, 7 archers, 5 knights. Most numerous: archers (7). So our most numerous is spearman, which is countered by archer. So defender gets counter bonus? The rule: "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." If our type is countered by theirs, do they get the bonus? The rule says "spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer." So if we have spearman and they have archer, archer counters spearman. So they have the counter. So their defense would be multiplied by 1.5? But the effective defense in the report already includes location bonus. Does it include counter bonus? Probably not, because counter bonus depends on the attacker's composition. So we need to calculate their effective defense with counter. Their defense is 35. If they get 1.5x, it becomes 52.5. Our attack is 20. So we would lose. So attacking Toledo from Teruel with that force is not wise. We could send more from elsewhere to Teruel first, or from Zaragoza to Toledo? But Zaragoza to Toledo: road? Zaragoza connects to [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona. Toledo [8] connects to [4] Badajoz, [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel. So from Zaragoza to Toledo, we would have to go through Madrid or Teruel. If we go through Madrid, we would have to fight Madrid first. If we go through Teruel (which is ours), we can go Zaragoza -> Teruel -> Toledo. But that takes more turns. So we can't directly attack Toledo from Zaragoza without going through a village.

So we need to plan attacks where we have a favorable matchup.

Let's analyze each enemy village we can see:

- Madrid [12]: garrison 2 spearman, 11 archer, 11 knight. Defense 60. Most numerous: archer (by tiebreak). If we attack with knights as most numerous, we get 1.5x. If we attack with archers, no bonus. If we attack with spearman, they counter us. So we want to attack with knights. Zaragoza has 21 knights, 15 spearman, 10 archer. If we send all, knights are most numerous (21). So we get 1.5x. Attack power: knights 21*4=84, spearman 15*1=15, archer 10*2=20. Total 119. With 1.5x = 178.5 vs defense 60. Win easily. But we might not want to send all, because we need to defend Zaragoza. But if we send all, Zaragoza would be empty? Actually we can leave some troops. The attack force doesn't have to be all. We can send, say, 20 knights and some others. But we need to ensure we have enough to defend if the enemy attacks. However, the enemy might not attack Zaragoza because it's too strong. But we need to consider that if we leave Zaragoza empty, the enemy could attack it from Madrid? But if we take Madrid, then Zaragoza is safe from that side. Actually, if we take Madrid, then the enemy border moves. But we need to hold Madrid. So we should leave some troops in Madrid to defend it after we take it. But we can send troops from Zaragoza to Madrid, and then they will be in Madrid. We can also send reinforcements from other places later.

- Murcia [15]: garrison 1 archer, 1 knight. Defense 5 (was 15). Very weak. Most numerous: tie? 1 archer, 1 knight. Tiebreak: spearman, archer, knight. So archer is most numerous. If we attack with knights, we get counter bonus? Knight counters archer. So if we send knights, we get 1.5x. If we send spearman, spearman counters knight? But their most numerous is archer, so spearman does not counter archer; actually archer counters spearman, so they would get bonus. So we should send knights. Valencia has 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. If we send all from Valencia: attack: spearman 2, archer 2, knight 4. Total 8. Most numerous: spearman (2) vs archer (1)? Actually we have 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous is spearman. Spearman does not counter archer; archer counters spearman. So defender gets counter bonus? Their defense is 5. With counter bonus (if they get 1.5x) = 7.5. Our attack 8. So we would win, but barely. If we send only knights from Valencia: 1 knight attack 4. Most numerous knight, counters archer, so 4*1.5=6 vs 5, win. But we might want to send more from other places to Murcia. We can send from Castellon to Valencia, then from Valencia to Murcia? But that takes time. We can send directly from Valencia to Murcia. Or we can send from Zaragoza to Murcia? Zaragoza to Murcia: road? Zaragoza -> Valencia -> Murcia. So we would have to go through Valencia. If we send from Zaragoza to Murcia, they would stop at Valencia if it's ours? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
COMBATE [16] Valencia: atacante B Fatk=13 (ef 13) Fdef=4 (ef 8) vant=-1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~4
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 3K
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 3K
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 3S+2A+5K
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 2S+3K
placar: A 15 ald/tropas 92 | B 9 ald/tropas 105 | neutras 0 | transito 10 (A 8 | B 2)

########## TURNO 26 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4843 | resposta 9543 | raciocinio 6396 | finish stop | ms 90874
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 7, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 8, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 10, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 9, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 11, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 12, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 14, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 15, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 15, \"toId\": 16, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 6, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 14, \"toId\": 19, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 4, \"knight\": 2}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Take Valencia this turn with Murcia's army to reach 18 villages. Build archers across all villages to swell our ranks. Next turn, reinforce Valencia and prepare to attack Castellon and Huesca. Consolidate our hold on the new territories.\",\n  \"statement\": \"We launched a decisive strike at Valencia, sending our full might from Murcia to crush the enemy's weak garrison and claim our 18th village. Our archers are being built in every corner of the realm to ensure our dominance.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user is playing a game as King A, with the goal of holding 18 out of 24 villages for 2 consecutive turns or eliminating all enemy villages. Currently, they hold 17 villages.

Let's analyze the current state (Turn 26):
- Own villages (17): Lisboa (0), Santarem (1), Evora (2), Coimbra (3), Badajoz (4), Faro (5), Porto (6), Salamanca (7), Toledo (8), Vigo (10), Sevilha (9), Cordoba (11), Teruel (13), Madrid (12), Burgos (14), Murcia (15), Pamplona (19).
- Enemy villages (King B): Zaragoza (17), Valencia (16), Castellon (18), Huesca (20), Tarragona (21), Barcelona (22 - capital), Girona (23). Total enemy villages: 7.
- Total villages: 17 (own) + 7 (enemy) = 24.
- To win, need 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate all enemy villages.
- Current troops at home: 153 soldiers (7 spearman, 103 archer, 43 knight).
- Enemy garrisons visible:
  - Zaragoza (17): 21 spearmen, 11 archers, 29 knights. Effective defense: 153.
  - Valencia (16): 2 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight. Effective defense: 10.
  - Castellon (18): 6 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights. Effective defense: 23.
  - Huesca (20): 4 spearmen, 2 knights. Effective defense: 15.
  - Tarragona (21): last seen 7 spearmen, 2 archers, 8 knights.
  - Barcelona (22): unknown.
  - Girona (23): unknown.

Let's look at the border villages:
- Teruel (13): border with [16], [17], [18]. Own, but border.
- Madrid (12): border with [17]. Own.
- Murcia (15): border with [16]. Own.
- Pamplona (19): border with [17], [20]. Own.

Let's check the enemy villages that are closest and easiest to take:
- Valencia (16): very weak, defense 10. March from Teruel (13): 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.
- Castellon (18): defense 23. March from Teruel (13): 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- Huesca (20): defense 15. March from Pamplona (19): 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- Zaragoza (17): very strong, defense 153. March from Madrid (12) or Teruel (13) or Pamplona (19).

Let's calculate the resources and builds.
Resources per village: 30 wood, 20 iron per turn.
Total resources: 17 villages * 30 wood = 510 wood, 17 * 20 iron = 340 iron. But wait, each village has its own stock.
Let's look at the stock of each village:
- Lisboa (0): wood 130, iron 90. Troops: 8/300. Can build: archer (20 wood, 10 iron), knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Can build 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) or 4 knights (120 wood, 120 iron - no, only 90 iron). Let's say 4 archers.
- Santarem (1): wood 130, iron 80. Troops: 11/300. Can build archers/knights.
- Evora (2): wood 130, iron 80. Troops: 8/300.
- Coimbra (3): wood 130, iron 90. Troops: 10/300.
- Badajoz (4): wood 130, iron 80. Troops: 0/300.
- Faro (5): wood 35, iron 40. Troops: 21/300. Can build archers (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
- Porto (6): wood 135, iron 90. Troops: 0/300.
- Salamanca (7): wood 40, iron 20. Troops: 12/300. Can build 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
- Toledo (8): wood 40, iron 50. Troops: 16/300. Can build spearman (15 wood), archer (20 wood, 10 iron), knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
- Vigo (10): wood 130, iron 90. Troops: 0/300.
- Sevilha (9): wood 130, iron 90. Troops: 0/300.
- Cordoba (11): wood 40, iron 40. Troops: 7/300. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Teruel (13): wood 60, iron 40. Troops: 3/300. Can build archers (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 2 archers, or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Madrid (12): wood 40, iron 60. Troops: 29/300. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Burgos (14): wood 40, iron 110. Troops: 16/300. Can build knights (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or spearman (15 wood).
- Murcia (15): wood 40, iron 40. Troops: 8/300. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Pamplona (19): wood 70, iron 40. Troops: 4/300. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).

Let's plan the campaign.
The plan from last turn was: "We are launching a two-pronged attack this turn: Toledo strikes Teruel, Burgos strikes Pamplona, while we reinforce our borders from interior villages. We are building archers across our realm to swell our ranks, focusing on Murcia and the border cities. Next turn, we will turn our attention to Valencia, taking it from the weakened enemy. Our aim is to hold 18 villages by the end of next turn and consolidate our hold."
But wait, last turn we conquered Teruel and Pamplona! So they are now ours.
The current map has Teruel (13) and Pamplona (19) as ours.
We need to take Valencia (16) to get to 18 villages.
Valencia (16) is very weak: 2 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight, defense 10.
We can attack it from Teruel (13) or Murcia (15).
Let's see the troops we can send to Valencia (16):
From Teruel (13): 2 archers, 1 knight. Attack power: 8. Defense of Valencia is 10. But wait, attack power vs defense.
Let's calculate combat:
Attacker: 2 archers (attack 2 each -> 4), 1 knight (attack 4 -> 4). Total attack = 8.
Defender: 2 spearmen (defense 2 each -> 4), 1 archer (defense 2 -> 2), 1 knight (defense 2 -> 2). Total defense = 8. Location bonus: village, so defense counts x1.25. Effective defense is already given as 10.
Wait, the report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 10".
So attacker has 8 attack, defender has 10 defense. Defender wins (tie favors defender, but here defense is higher anyway).
We need more troops.
Can we send from Madrid (12) to Teruel (13) first, or directly to Valencia? Madrid to Valencia is not a direct road. Madrid connects to Zaragoza, Zaragoza to Valencia? No, road network:
Madrid (12): [7], [8], [14], [17]
Teruel (13): [8], [16], [17], [18]
Valencia (16): [13], [15], [18]
So to attack Valencia, we must go through Teruel (13) or Murcia (15) or Castellon (18).
Since Teruel is ours, we can reinforce Teruel, then attack Valencia.
Or we can send troops from Cordoba (11) to Murcia (15), then to Valencia (16).
Let's look at the march distances:
From Madrid (12) to Teruel (13): Madrid to Toledo (8) to Teruel (13)? Madrid connects to [7], [8], [14], [17]. Toledo (8) connects to [4], [11], [12], [13]. So Madrid -> Toledo -> Teruel.
March from Madrid to Teruel: Madrid to Toledo is 1 fast turn? Let's check the report:
"from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns" for Lisboa.
For Madrid (12): "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: ..." wait, Madrid is a border village.
Let's look at the march times listed in the report:
Lisboa to Teruel: 3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns.
Santarem to Teruel: 3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns.
Evora to Teruel: 4 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns.
Coimbra to Madrid: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns.
Badajoz to Teruel: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns.
Faro to Teruel: 3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns.
Porto to Madrid: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns.
Salamanca to Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Toledo to Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Cordoba to Murcia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Burgos to Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Murcia to Valencia: not listed, but Murcia is border with [16]. Let's assume 1 fast turn.
Pamplona to Huesca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

Let's check the troops we can send to Valencia (16) to conquer it.
We need to defeat the garrison of Valencia: 2 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight, effective defense 10.
If we send an army with high attack.
Let's send from Madrid (12) to Valencia (16) via Teruel (13). But we can only send to the first enemy/neutral village on the path. The path is Madrid -> Toledo -> Teruel -> Valencia. Since Teruel is ours, we can send troops to Teruel (reinforce), and then from Teruel to Valencia. But they take turns to march.
If we send from Madrid to Valencia directly, they will stop at Teruel (which is ours) and join the garrison? No, "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there... You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements."
So if we send from Madrid to Valencia, they will pass Toledo (ours), pass Teruel (ours), and reach Valencia. But wait, do they stop at Teruel? "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours". Teruel is ours, so they don't stop. They march to Valencia.
But the march takes time. Madrid to Valencia: Madrid -> Toledo (1 turn) -> Teruel (1 turn) -> Valencia (1 turn). Total 3 turns? Or Madrid -> Zaragoza -> Valencia? Madrid connects to Zaragoza (17). Zaragoza is enemy! So they would stop at Zaragoza and fight there. We don't want that.
So the path must be Madrid -> Toledo -> Teruel -> Valencia.
Let's check the road: Madrid (12) connects to [7], [8], [14], [17]. Toledo (8) connects to [4], [11], [12], [13]. Teruel (13) connects to [8], [16], [17], [18]. Valencia (16) connects to [13], [15], [18].
So the road is Madrid -> Toledo -> Teruel -> Valencia.
March time: Madrid to Toledo is 1 fast turn (since Salamanca to Madrid is 1, and Madrid to Toledo is probably 1). Toledo to Teruel is 1 fast turn. Teruel to Valencia is 1 fast turn. Total 3 fast turns.
If we send knights (fast), they arrive in 3 turns.
But we want to attack NOW. Can we send from Teruel (13) to Valencia (16)? Teruel to Valencia is 1 fast turn.
Troops in Teruel: 2 archers, 1 knight. Attack power: 2*2 + 4 = 8. Defense of Valencia: 10. We lose.
Can we send from Murcia (15) to Valencia (16)? Murcia has 6 archers, 2 knights. Attack power: 6*2 + 2*4 = 20. Defense of Valencia: 10. We win easily!
Let's check Murcia's troops: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight (attack power if all sent: 20)".
If we send all from Murcia to Valencia: 6 archers, 2 knights.
Attack: 6 archers (attack 2) = 12, 2 knights (attack 4) = 8. Total attack = 20.
Most numerous type: archer (6). Counter matchup: archer vs spearman? Valencia has 2 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous is spearman (2) or archer (1)? Spearman is 2, archer is 1, knight is 1. So spearman is most numerous.
Archer counters spearman! So we get a 1.5x multiplier.
Effective attack = 20 * 1.5 = 30.
Defender: 2 spearmen (defense 2), 1 archer (defense 2), 1 knight (defense 2). Total defense = 8. Location bonus: village, so x1.25 -> 10.
30 vs 10. We win overwhelmingly.
Let's check if we can send them from Murcia (15) to Valencia (16).
Yes, Murcia is connected to Valencia: [15] Murcia: [11], [16]. So direct road.
March time: Murcia to Valencia is 1 fast turn (since Cordoba to Murcia is 1, and Murcia to Valencia is probably 1).
Let's send the troops from Murcia to Valencia.
Wait, if we send all troops from Murcia, Murcia will be empty. But Murcia is a border village. Is that okay? Yes, we can rebuild or reinforce later.
What about other villages?
We can also send from Teruel (13) to Valencia (16) to help. Teruel has 2 archers, 1 knight. But if we send them, Teruel is empty. Teruel is border with Zaragoza (17) which has 153 defense! We don't want Teruel to be empty if Zaragoza attacks. But Zaragoza is far and has huge garrison, probably won't attack soon. Still, let's keep some in Teruel or send reinforcements.
Actually, Murcia's army alone is enough to take Valencia.
Let's calculate the losses for Murcia's army:
Attack = 30 (with counter). Defense = 10.
Effective force: attacker 30, defender 10.
The winner takes losses against the loser's effective force.
Losses = defender's effective force / attacker's effective force? Or some formula. Usually, losses are proportional to the enemy's force.
With 30 vs 10, losses should be small.
Let's send the 6 archers and 2 knights from Murcia to Valencia.

Wait, can we also send from Cordoba (11) to Murcia (15) to reinforce Murcia for future?
Cordoba has 7 archers. We can send some to Murcia.
Let's look at the builds.
We need to build troops to maintain our army.
Let's build archers in several villages:
- Lisboa (0): 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron). Troops: 8/300 -> 12/300.
- Santarem (1): 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron). Troops: 11/300 -> 15/300.
- Evora (2): 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron). Troops: 8/300 -> 12/300.
- Coimbra (3): 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron). Troops: 10/300 -> 14/300.
- Badajoz (4): 0 troops, can build 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron). Troops: 0 -> 4.
- Faro (5): 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Troops: 21 -> 22.
- Porto (6): 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron). Troops: 0 -> 4.
- Salamanca (7): 1 spearman (15 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Let's build 1 archer. Troops: 12 -> 13.
- Toledo (8): 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Troops: 16 -> 18.
- Vigo (10): 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron). Troops: 0 -> 4.
- Sevilha (9): 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron). Troops: 0 -> 4.
- Cordoba (11): 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Troops: 7 -> 9.
- Teruel (13): 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Troops: 3 -> 5.
- Madrid (12): 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Troops: 29 -> 31.
- Burgos (14): 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Troops: 16 -> 17.
- Murcia (15): 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Troops: 8 -> 10.
- Pamplona (19): 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Troops: 4 -> 6.

Let's check the total wood and iron for these builds:
Archers cost 20 wood, 10 iron.
Lisboa: 4 archers -> 80 wood, 40 iron. Has 130 wood, 90 iron. OK.
Santarem: 4 archers -> 80 wood, 40 iron. Has 130 wood, 80 iron. OK.
Evora: 4 archers -> 80 wood, 40 iron. Has 130 wood, 80 iron. OK.
Coimbra: 4 archers -> 80 wood, 40 iron. Has 130 wood, 90 iron. OK.
Badajoz: 4 archers -> 80 wood, 40 iron. Has 130 wood, 80 iron. OK.
Faro: 1 archer -> 20 wood, 10 iron. Has 35 wood, 40 iron. OK.
Porto: 4 archers -> 80 wood, 40 iron. Has 135 wood, 90 iron. OK.
Salamanca: 1 archer -> 20 wood, 10 iron. Has 40 wood, 20 iron. OK.
Toledo: 2 archers -> 40 wood, 20 iron. Has 40 wood, 50 iron. OK.
Vigo: 4 archers -> 80 wood, 40 iron. Has 130 wood, 90 iron. OK.
Sevilha: 4 archers -> 80 wood, 40 iron. Has 130 wood, 90 iron. OK.
Cordoba: 2 archers -> 40 wood, 20 iron. Has 40 wood, 40 iron. OK.
Teruel: 2 archers -> 40 wood, 20 iron. Has 60 wood, 40 iron. OK.
Madrid: 2 archers -> 40 wood, 20 iron. Has 40 wood, 60 iron. OK.
Burgos: 1 knight -> 30 wood, 30 iron. Has 40 wood, 110 iron. OK.
Murcia: 2 archers -> 40 wood, 20 iron. Has 40 wood, 40 iron. OK.
Pamplona: 2 archers -> 40 wood, 20 iron. Has 70 wood, 40 iron. OK.

This is a massive build-up of archers. Total archers built: 4*8 (Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, Coimbra, Badajoz, Porto, Vigo, Sevilha) + 1 (Faro) + 1 (Salamanca) + 2 (Toledo) + 2 (Cordoba) + 2 (Teruel) + 2 (Madrid) + 2 (Murcia) + 2 (Pamplona) = 32 + 1 + 1 + 2 + 2 + 2 + 2 + 2 + 2 = 46 archers!
Plus 1 knight in Burgos.
This will give us a huge army.
But wait, we need to make sure we don't exceed the cap of 300 per village. Currently, all are well below 300.

Let's review the movements.
We want to attack Valencia (16) with Murcia's troops.
Movement: from Murcia (15) to Valencia (16), troops: 6 archers, 2 knights.
Wait, if we send all troops from Murcia, we leave it empty. But we are building 2 archers there this turn, so next turn it will have 2 archers. That's fine.
Should we also send troops from Teruel (13) to Valencia (16)?
Teruel has 2 archers, 1 knight. If we send them, Teruel is empty. But we are building 2 archers in Teruel this turn, so next turn it will have 2 archers. But if the enemy attacks Teruel next turn, it will be weak. However, the enemy's nearest village is Zaragoza (17), which is far and has a huge garrison. They might not attack Teruel immediately.
But to be safe, let's only send from Murcia. Murcia's army is enough.
Wait, can we send from Cordoba (11) to Murcia (15) to reinforce Murcia after we send them? We can't do both in one turn: send from Cordoba to Murcia, and from Murcia to Valencia. The troops from Cordoba won't arrive in time to join the attack on Valencia this turn.
So we just send from Murcia to Valencia.

Let's check if there are other attacks.
What about Castellon (18)? It has defense 23. We can attack it from Teruel (13) or Valencia (16) after we take it. But taking Valencia first is the goal.
What about Huesca (20)? Defense 15. We can attack it from Pamplona (19). Pamplona has 3 archers, 1 knight. Attack power: 3*2 + 4 = 10. Defense of Huesca: 15. Not enough. We need to reinforce Pamplona first.
We can send troops from Burgos (14) to Pamplona (19). Burgos to Pamplona: Burgos connects to [10], [12], [19]. So direct road. March time: 1 fast turn.
Burgos has 4 spearman, 10 archers, 2 knight. We can send some archers and knights to Pamplona to prepare for Huesca.
But let's focus on Valencia first. Taking Valencia gives us 18 villages!
Wait, if we take Valencia, we will have 18 villages. But we need to hold them for 2 consecutive turns to win. So taking it this turn (Turn 27) means we hold 18 on Turn 27. Then on Turn 28 we need to hold 18 again. If we lose Valencia on Turn 28, we don't win. So we must defend Valencia.
But the enemy is weak in that area. Valencia's garrison will be wiped out, and the enemy might try to retake it. But they would need to march from Zaragoza or Castellon. Zaragoza is far and has a huge garrison, but they could send some. Castellon is weak.
Let's make sure we have troops to defend Valencia. After taking it, we can send reinforcements from Teruel or Murcia.

Let's write the plan:
"Plan: Take Valencia this turn with Murcia's army to reach 18 villages. Build archers across all villages to swell our ranks. Next turn, reinforce Valencia and prepare to attack Castellon and Huesca. Consolidate our hold on the new territories."

Let's write the statement:
"We launched a decisive strike at Valencia, sending our full might from Murcia to crush the enemy's weak garrison and claim our 18th village. Our archers are being built in every corner of the realm to ensure our dominance."

Let's double check the JSON format.
{
  "build": [ {"villageId": <id>, "type": <"spearman" | "archer" | "knight">, "quantity": <n>} ],
  "movements": [ {"fromId": <id>, "toId": <id>, "troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}} ],
  "plan": "<campaign>",
  "statement": "<audience>"
}

Let's list the builds:
Lisboa: 4 archers
Santarem: 4 archers
Evora: 4 archers
Coimbra: 4 archers
Badajoz: 4 archers
Faro: 1 archer
Porto: 4 archers
Salamanca: 1 archer
Toledo: 2 archers
Vigo: 4 archers
Sevilha: 4 archers
Cordoba: 2 archers
Teruel: 2 archers
Madrid: 2 archers
Burgos: 1 knight
Murcia: 2 archers
Pamplona: 2 archers

Wait, can we build spearmen anywhere? We have 7 spearmen at home. We don't need to build more spearmen yet, archers are our main force.
Let's check if we have enough iron for all these builds.
Total iron needed:
Lisboa: 40
Santarem: 40
Evora: 40
Coimbra: 40
Badajoz: 40
Faro: 10
Porto: 40
Salamanca: 10
Toledo: 20
Vigo: 40
Sevilha: 40
Cordoba: 20
Teruel: 20
Madrid: 20
Burgos: 30 (knight)
Murcia: 20
Pamplona: 20
Total iron: 40*8 + 10 + 10 + 20 + 40 + 40 + 20 + 20 + 20 + 30 + 20 + 20 = 320 + 10 + 10 + 20 + 40 + 40 + 20 + 20 + 20 + 30 + 20 + 20 = 460 iron.
But each village has its own iron stock. Let's verify each village's iron stock is enough:
Lisboa: 90 >= 40. OK.
Santarem: 80 >= 40. OK.
Evora: 80 >= 40. OK.
Coimbra: 90 >= 40. OK.
Badajoz: 80 >= 40. OK.
Faro: 40 >= 10. OK.
Porto: 90 >= 40. OK.
Salamanca: 20 >= 10. OK.
Toledo: 50 >= 20. OK.
Vigo: 90 >= 40. OK.
Sevilha: 90 >= 40. OK.
Cordoba: 40 >= 20. OK.
Teruel: 40 >= 20. OK.
Madrid: 60 >= 20. OK.
Burgos: 110 >= 30. OK.
Murcia: 40 >= 20. OK.
Pamplona: 40 >= 20. OK.
All have enough iron.

Total wood needed:
Lisboa: 80 (has 130)
Santarem: 80 (has 130)
Evora: 80 (has 130)
Coimbra: 80 (has 130)
Badajoz: 80 (has 130)
Faro: 20 (has 35)
Porto: 80 (has 135)
Salamanca: 20 (has 40)
Toledo: 40 (has 40)
Vigo: 80 (has 130)
Sevilha: 80 (has 130)
Cordoba: 40 (has 40)
Teruel: 40 (has 60)
Madrid: 40 (has 40)
Burgos: 30 (has 40)
Murcia: 40 (has 40)
Pamplona: 40 (has 70)
All have enough wood.

Let's check the movements:
From Murcia (15) to Valencia (16): 6 archers, 2 knights.
Wait, Murcia's available troops: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight".
So we send all of them.
Is there any other movement?
Maybe from Burgos (14) to Pamplona (19) to prepare for Huesca?
Burgos has 4 spearman, 10 archers, 2 knight. We can send 4 archers, 2 knights to Pamplona.
Let's do that to prepare for the next front.
From Burgos (14) to Pamplona (19): 4 archers, 2 knights.
Wait, if we send them, Burgos will have 4 spearman, 6 archers left. That's fine.
Let's check if we can send them. Yes, Burgos to Pamplona is a direct road.
Let's add this movement.

Let's review the plan and statement.
Plan: "Take Valencia this turn with Murcia's army to reach 18 villages. Build archers across all villages to swell our ranks. Next turn, reinforce Valencia and prepare to attack Castellon and Huesca. Consolidate our hold on the new territories."
Statement: "We launched a decisive strike at Valencia, sending our full might from Murcia to crush the enemy's weak garrison and claim our 18th village. Our archers are being built in every corner of the realm to ensure our dominance."

Let's check if the JSON is valid.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "archer", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "archer", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "archer", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 3, "type": "archer", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 4, "type": "archer", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 5, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 6, "type": "archer", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 7, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 8, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 10, "type": "archer", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 9, "type": "archer", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 11, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 13, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 12, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 14, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 15, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 19, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 15, "toId": 16, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 6, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 14, "toId": 19, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 4, "knight": 2}}
  ],
  "plan": "Take Valencia this turn with Murcia's army to reach 18 villages. Build archers across all villages to swell our ranks. Next turn, reinforce Valencia and prepare to attack Castellon and Huesca. Consolidate our hold on the new territories.",
  "statement": "We launched a decisive strike at Valencia, sending our full might from Murcia to crush the enemy's weak garrison and claim our 18th village. Our archers are being built in every corner of the realm to ensure our dominance."
}

Wait, let's check if we can send 4 archers and 2 knights from Burgos.
Burgos available: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 4 spearman, 10 archer, 2 knight".
Yes, we can send 4 archers and 2 knights.
Let's check if we can send 6 archers and 2 knights from Murcia.
Murcia available: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight".
Yes.

Let's double check the village IDs.
Lisboa: 0
Santarem: 1
Evora: 2
Coimbra: 3
Badajoz: 4
Faro: 5
Porto: 6
Salamanca: 7
Toledo: 8
Vigo: 10
Sevilha: 9
Cordoba: 11
Teruel: 13
Madrid: 12
Burgos: 14
Murcia: 15
Pamplona: 19
All IDs are correct.

Let's check if there are any other movements we should do.
What about reinforcing Madrid? Madrid has 29 troops, border with Zaragoza. We can send some from Salamanca (7) to Madrid (12). Salamanca has 1 spearman, 5 archers, 6 knight. We can send 5 archers, 6 knights to Madrid.
But Madrid already has 29 troops, and we are building 2 archers there. It's probably fine.
Let's keep it simple and focus on the main attacks.

Let's review the rules:
"Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."
We checked all villages have enough resources.
"Each village you hold produces resources every turn, and resources are what build your army."
"Cap per village: when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building"
All villages are well below 300.

"Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now."
So the enemy might also attack. But Valencia is very weak, and we are attacking it. The enemy might attack Teruel or Pamplona, but they have no armies on the march according to the report ("ENEMY (only what your watchmen can see): - none sighted").
So we are safe for this turn.

Let's write the final JSON.
I will make sure the JSON is exactly as requested.
No text before or after the JSON.

One more check: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns" - this is for Lisboa.
For Murcia to Valencia, the march time is not explicitly listed, but since they are connected by road and it's a single step, it should be 1 turn (fast).
The report says: "march from [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for some villages. So Teruel to Valencia is 1 turn.
Murcia to Valencia is likely 1 turn as well.
The combat will happen on arrival.

Everything looks solid. I will output the JSON.

ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"arqueiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":15,"destinoId":16,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":6,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":14,"destinoId":19,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":4,"cavaleiro":2}}]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [3]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [3]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [3]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [3]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [4]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [4]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [4]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [4]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [6]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [6]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [6]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [6]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [7]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [8]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [8]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [10]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [10]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [10]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [10]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [9]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [9]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [9]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [9]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [11]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [11]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [13]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [13]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [12]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [12]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [14]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [15]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [15]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [19]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [19]
ACEITO envio [15]->[16]: 6A+2K
ACEITO envio [14]->[19]: 4A+2K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Take Valencia this turn with Murcia's army to reach 18 villages. Build archers across all villages to swell our ranks. Next turn, reinforce Valencia and prepare to attack Castellon and Huesca. Consolidate our hold on the new territories.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): We launched a decisive strike at Valencia, sending our full might from Murcia to crush the enemy's weak garrison and claim our 18th village. Our archers are being built in every corner of the realm to ensure our dominance.
########## TURNO 26 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3019 | resposta 14088 | raciocinio 14088 | finish content_filter | ms 161066
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: We need to produce a JSON with build, movements, plan, statement.

We are King B. We hold 7 villages: 22 Barcelona, 21 Tarragona, 23 Girona, 18 Castellon, 17 Zaragoza, 20 Huesca, 16 Valencia. Total 104 soldiers at home. Need to hold 18 of 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. Currently hold 7.

We have resources: each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. We can build troops at each village, each has cap 300. Current troops at home: total 104. We need to consider building and movements.

We have no armies marching. Enemy has none sighted. But we know enemy villages: 13 Teruel, 12 Madrid, 15 Murcia, 19 Pamplona, plus previously known: 14 Burgos, 7 Salamanca, 8 Toledo, 11 Cordoba, 4 Badajoz, 6 Porto, 10 Vigo, and unexplored: 3 Coimbra, 9 Sevilha, 5 Faro, 1 Santarem, 0 Lisboa (enemy capital), 2 Evora.

Goal: capture more villages. We need to attack enemy villages. We have troops available to send from each village.

We need to decide which villages to attack, with which troops, from which source.

We have to consider travel times, troop composition, effective defense of enemy villages.

Let's list enemy villages we can see (with current garrison and effective defense):

- [13] Teruel: garrison 2 archers, 1 knight; effective defense 8. March from [16] Valencia: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn. Also from [17] Zaragoza? Actually road connections: [13] Teruel connects to [8], [16], [17], [18]. So from [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon. From [16] is 1 turn each speed. From [17] Zaragoza: likely also 1 turn? Not given, but we can assume similar. From [18] Castellon: also 1 turn? Actually [18] Castellon connects to [13], [16], [21]. So from [18] to [13] is probably 1 turn as well. But the report only gives march distances from nearest. We'll use given.

- [12] Madrid: garrison 20 archers, 9 knights; effective defense 73. March from [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn.

- [15] Murcia: garrison 6 archers, 2 knights; effective defense 20. March from [16] Valencia: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn.

- [19] Pamplona: garrison 3 archers, 1 knight; effective defense 10. March from [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns.

We also have known from before (but out of sight now): [14] Burgos (enemy), [7] Salamanca (enemy), [8] Toledo (enemy), [11] Cordoba (enemy), [4] Badajoz (enemy), [6] Porto (enemy), [10] Vigo (enemy). Their garrisons are as of last seen, but may have changed. We could attack them, but we don't see them now, so we don't know current defense. However, we can still order attacks to them, but we need to know march distances. The report gives march distances from our villages to those known villages (though out of sight). For example, from [17] Zaragoza to [14] Burgos: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns. To [7] Salamanca: 2 slow/2 medium/1 fast turns. To [8] Toledo: from [16] Valencia: 2 slow/2 medium/1 fast turns. To [11] Cordoba: from [16] Valencia: 2 slow/2 medium/1 fast turns. To [4] Badajoz: from [16] Valencia: 3 slow/2 medium/2 fast turns. To [6] Porto: from [17] Zaragoza: 3 slow/2 medium/2 fast turns. To [10] Vigo: from [17] Zaragoza: 3 slow/2 medium/2 fast turns.

We also have unexplored villages: [3] Coimbra, [9] Sevilha, [5] Faro, [1] Santarem, [0] Lisboa, [2] Evora. We don't know their garrisons. We could try to attack them, but we need to know road connections. The road network shows connections. For example, [3] Coimbra connects to [1], [6], [7]. To attack [3], we would need to march from a village we own that connects to it. Our nearest might be [7] Salamanca (enemy) or [6] Porto (enemy). So we would need to go through enemy territory. Not easy.

We should focus on visible enemy villages first.

Our troops: we have 104 at home. We can also build new troops this turn. Each village produces resources, can build troops. We need to decide builds and movements.

Let's compute resources per village:

Each village: wood +30, iron +20 per turn. Starting stocks: given.

- Barcelona [22]: wood 65, iron 50. Can build: spearman (15 wood, 0 iron), archer (20 wood, 10 iron), knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Available to send now: 6 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight. But we can also build new ones this turn. However, builds are ordered now and will be ready next turn? The rules: "ready in 1 turn". So if we order a build, it will be available next turn. So we can build troops that will be available next turn, but they won't be available to send this turn. The movements are simultaneous, so we can only send troops that are currently at home (available to send now). So we need to decide which troops to send from each village now.

We have available to send now from each village:

- Barcelona [22]: 6 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight.
- Tarragona [21]: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight.
- Girona [23]: 6 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight.
- Castellon [18]: 6 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight.
- Zaragoza [17]: 21 spearman, 11 archer, 29 knight. (total 61)
- Huesca [20]: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight.
- Valencia [16]: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.

We can send any combination from each village, up to those numbers.

We need to decide which enemy villages to attack, with which troops, from which source.

Consider effective defenses:

- Teruel [13]: defense 8. Small. We can attack with a small force. From Valencia [16] we have 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. That's attack power? Let's compute effective attack. We need to consider counter triangle. The enemy garrison: 2 archers, 1 knight. Their most numerous type is archer (2). So the matchup is archer vs ? Our attack force composition will set our most numerous type. If we send a mixed force, the most numerous type sets the counter. For example, if we send 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight, our most numerous is spearman (2). Spearman counters knight, but enemy is archer. Actually spearman is weak against archer? The counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. So if our most numerous is spearman, and enemy most numerous is archer, then archer counters spearman, so enemy gets the counter bonus? The rule: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counts knight; archer counts spearman; knight counts archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So the side with the counter multiplies their force by 1.5. The counter is determined by the most numerous type of each army. If our most numerous is spearman, and enemy most numerous is archer, then enemy has archer vs spearman, so enemy gets the counter bonus (1.5). If we have knight most numerous, and enemy archer, then knight counters archer, so we get the bonus. If we have archer most numerous, and enemy archer, tie, no bonus? The rule says ties break in order spearman, archer, knight. So if tie, the order decides who gets the counter? Actually "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight." That likely means if both have same count of the most numerous type, then the type that is earlier in the order (spearman > archer > knight) is considered the most numerous? Or the counter is determined by that? The rule: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So if both have same number of the most numerous type, we compare the types: if one army's most numerous is spearman and the other's is archer, but both have same count, then the tiebreak says spearman wins? That would mean spearman is considered more numerous? Actually it's ambiguous. But likely it means if both have same count of their most numerous type, then the type that is earlier in the order is considered the most numerous overall, so that side gets the counter? Or it could mean that the counter is determined by the type that is most numerous overall, and if there's a tie, the order decides which type is considered the most numerous. For example, if both have 2 of their most numerous, and one is spearman, the other archer, then spearman is considered more numerous, so the spearman side gets the counter? But the counter is based on the matchup: if the most numerous type is spearman, it counters knight; so if the enemy's most numerous is knight, then spearman side gets bonus. But if both have spearman as most numerous, then no counter because same type? Actually the counter triangle: each type counters one other. So if both have same most numerous type, no one gets a counter bonus because neither counters their own type. So the tiebreak only matters if the most numerous types are different but have equal counts. Then the order decides which type is considered the most numerous for the purpose of determining the matchup. For example, if we have 2 spearman and 0 others, enemy has 2 archers and 0 others. Both have count 2. Tiebreak: spearman > archer, so spearman is considered the most numerous type overall. Then the matchup is spearman vs archer. But spearman does not counter archer; archer counters spearman. So who gets the bonus? The rule: "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." The counter is possessed by the type that counters the opponent's most numerous type. So if our most numerous is spearman (by tiebreak) and enemy most numerous is archer, then archer counters spearman, so enemy gets the bonus. So tiebreak gives the enemy the bonus. So it's better to have a clear majority.

Anyway, for small battles, we can compute effective force.

We need to decide which villages to attack. We have limited troops. We want to conquer villages quickly. We need to hold 18 for 2 consecutive turns. So we need to capture many villages.

Let's list all villages on map: 24 total. We have 7. Enemy has many. We need to take 11 more to reach 18. Or eliminate all enemy villages.

We should attack the weakest enemy villages first: Teruel (defense 8), Pamplona (10), Murcia (20). Madrid is strong (73). We might also attack Burgos, etc., but they are out of sight.

We can send troops from multiple villages to the same target? The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So we cannot combine forces from different villages into one attack. Each send is a separate battle. So we need to choose one source per attack. However, we can send multiple waves from the same village? The rule says "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up", but what about multiple sends from the same village? It says "each send fights alone, one at a time." So if we send from the same village in multiple orders, they would be separate sends? Actually the order is a list of movements. Each movement is a send from one village to another. If we put two movements from the same village to the same target, they would be separate sends, fighting one at a time. That might be useful to overwhelm the defender with numbers, but they fight sequentially, so the first send might weaken the defender, then the second send finishes. But the defender's defense is fixed for the day? The report says "The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival." So the defense might change by the time our troops arrive (in 1 turn). But if we send multiple sends from the same village, they would arrive on the same turn? Actually travel time: if we send from the same village, they would have the same travel time, so they'd arrive simultaneously? But the rule says "each send fights alone, one at a time." So even if they arrive at the same time, they fight sequentially. So we could send a second wave from the same village to follow the first? But they'd be separate sends. However, we can only send troops that are available now. If we send some, they leave the village. We could send all available troops in one send, or split into multiple sends. But splitting might be useful if we want to use a sacrificial first wave to reduce enemy defense, then the second wave with stronger troops. But the enemy defense might also be reinforced? The enemy is simultaneous, so they might also send reinforcements. But we don't know.

Given the complexity, we should probably send one strong send from one village to each target, using the most effective composition.

Let's evaluate each visible enemy village:

1. Teruel [13]: defense 8, garrison 2 archers, 1 knight. We can attack from Valencia [16] (1 turn), from Zaragoza [17] (1 turn), from Castellon [18] (1 turn). Which source has best troops? Valencia has 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Zaragoza has many troops. Castellon has 6 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. We might want to use a force that can defeat it quickly. Since defense is low, even a small force can win. But we need to consider losses. We want to minimize losses. Let's compute effective attack needed to beat defense 8. In a village, defender gets defense x1.25? Actually "Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital)." The effective defense given already includes the location bonus. So we just compare effective attack vs effective defense. Our effective attack is sum of attack values of our troops, possibly multiplied by counter if we have it. The rule: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs." So we sum attack of our troops, they sum defense (already effective). Then if we have the counter, our sum is multiplied by 1.5. The side with higher effective force wins. Tie favors defender.

So we need our attack sum * (1.5 if counter) > their effective defense.

For Teruel, defense 8. We can send a force with attack sum > 8, or with counter > 8/1.5 = 5.34, so attack sum > 5.34 with counter.

What troops to send? We have spearman (attack 1), archer (2), knight (4). If we send, say, 1 knight (attack 4) and maybe some others. But we also need to consider the enemy's most numerous type to determine counter. Enemy has 2 archers, 1 knight. Most numerous: archer (2). If we send mostly knights, our most numerous might be knight, which counters archer, so we get 1.5x multiplier. If we send 3 knights, attack sum = 12, with counter 18, > 8, easy win. But we have limited knights. Zaragoza has 29 knights, we could send some. But we might want to use Zaragoza's troops for bigger targets.

Alternatively, we could send a mix that doesn't trigger counter? If we send mostly archers, enemy most numerous is archer, tie? If we send 2 archers, our most numerous is archer (2), enemy most numerous is archer (2). Tiebreak: spearman, archer, knight. Both archer, so tie? Actually tie in count, but both are archer, so no counter? The rule: "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight." That might mean if the counts are equal, the type that is earlier in the order is considered more numerous. But if both are archer, it's a tie of same type, so probably no counter. So if we send 2 archers, our attack sum = 4, no multiplier, vs defense 8, we lose. So we need more.

If we send 1 knight, 1 archer, 1 spearman? Most numerous? Each has 1, tie among all three. Tiebreak order: spearman, archer, knight. So spearman is considered most numerous? Then our most numerous is spearman. Enemy most numerous is archer. Spearman does not counter archer; archer counters spearman. So enemy gets counter bonus. Their defense 8 becomes 12? Actually they count defense, and if they have counter, their effective defense is multiplied by 1.5? The rule: "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So if defender has counter, their defense sum is multiplied by 1.5. So their effective defense becomes 8 * 1.5 = 12. Our attack sum: spearman 1, archer 2, knight 4 = 7. No counter for us. So we lose (7 vs 12). So we need to avoid giving them counter.

To avoid giving them counter, we should ensure our most numerous type is something that does not get countered by their archer, or we have a type that counters them. Their most numerous is archer. Archery counters spearman. So if our most numerous is spearman, they get counter. If our most numerous is archer, tie (if equal count) or if we have more archers, then both have archer most numerous, no counter? Actually if both have archer as most numerous, then neither counters the other because archer does not counter archer. So no counter for either. That might be good. If our most numerous is knight, then we counter them, we get multiplier.

So to avoid giving them bonus, we should either have knight as most numerous (so we get bonus) or have archer as most numerous with at least as many as their archers (so no bonus for them). But if we have fewer archers than their 2, and our most numerous is something else, they might get bonus.

Given their small garrison, we can just send a force of knights to get the counter and win easily.

But we have limited knights. We might want to use spearmen or archers to conserve knights for harder targets.

Let's consider Pamplona [19]: defense 10, garrison 3 archers, 1 knight. Most numerous: archer (3). Similar situation.

Murcia [15]: defense 20, garrison 6 archers, 2 knights. Most numerous: archer (6). Stronger.

Madrid [12]: defense 73, garrison 20 archers, 9 knights. Very strong.

We also have other enemy villages out of sight: Burgos, Salamanca, Toledo, Cordoba, Badajoz, Porto, Vigo. Their last seen garrisons:

- Burgos [14]: 2 spearmen, 7 archers, 1 knight. Most numerous: archer (7). Defense unknown, but likely moderate.
- Salamanca [7]: 1 knight. Very small.
- Toledo [8]: 2 spearmen, 7 archers, 5 knights. Most numerous: archer (7).
- Cordoba [11]: 2 spearmen, 7 archers, 2 knights. Most numerous: archer (7).
- Badajoz [4]: 6 archers. Most numerous: archer (6).
- Porto [6]: 2 archers, 2 knights. Most numerous: tie? 2 archers, 2 knights. Tiebreak: spearman, archer, knight. So archer is earlier, so archer is most numerous? Actually tie in count between archer and knight, but archer is earlier in order, so archer is considered most numerous. So most numerous: archer.
- Vigo [10]: 8 archers, 6 knights. Most numerous: archer (8).

So many enemy villages have archer as most numerous. That means if we attack with knights as most numerous, we get the counter bonus (knight counters archer). So knights are very effective against these enemy compositions. However, knights are expensive and we have limited numbers.

We should also consider that we can build new troops this turn. Building takes 1 turn, so they'll be available next turn. We might want to build more knights or archers to reinforce.

But first, we need to decide movements for this turn.

We have no armies marching. We can send troops from our villages to attack.

We need to choose which villages to attack and from where.

Let's list our available troops by village, and decide allocations.

We have 7 villages. Some are interior (Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona) with no enemy border. They can send troops to border villages or directly attack. But they have limited troops.

Zaragoza [17] is our strongest village with 61 troops, including 29 knights. It is on the border with Madrid, Teruel, Pamplona, and also connects to Burgos? Actually road: [17] Zaragoza connects to [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona. So it can attack Madrid, Teruel, Pamplona directly.

Valencia [16] connects to Teruel, Murcia, and also Toledo? Actually [16] Valencia connects to [13] Teruel, [15] Murcia, [18] Castellon. So it can attack Teruel and Murcia.

Castellon [18] connects to Teruel, Valencia, Tarragona. So it can attack Teruel.

Huesca [20] connects to Pamplona, Zaragoza, Girona. So it can attack Pamplona.

So we have multiple options.

We should aim to conquer villages quickly. Weaker villages: Teruel (8), Pamplona (10), Murcia (20). Also Salamanca (1 knight) is weak but out of sight. We could attack it, but we don't know its current defense; it might have been reinforced. But it's worth considering.

We need to decide which to attack this turn. Since movements are simultaneous, we can attack multiple villages at once.

Let's consider the strength of our sends. We need to ensure victory with minimal losses. We can compute effective attack needed.

For each target, we can choose a composition that gives us the counter or avoids giving them counter.

Let's define attack power: sum of attack values. Spearman=1, Archer=2, Knight=4.

If we have counter, multiply by 1.5.

We want our effective attack > effective defense.

For Teruel (8): If we send, say, 3 knights from Zaragoza: attack sum = 12, with counter (knight vs archer) = 18 > 8. Win. Losses: we take attrition equal to enemy's effective force? The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So our losses are proportional to enemy's effective force. Since we have much higher, losses will be small. But we might lose some troops. We can also send a cheaper force: maybe 2 knights (attack 8) with counter = 12 > 8. Or 1 knight and some spearmen? If we send 1 knight (4) and 2 spearmen (2) total 6. Most numerous? If we send 2 spearmen and 1 knight, most numerous is spearman (2). Enemy most numerous archer (2). Tie in count? Both 2. Tiebreak: spearman > archer, so spearman is most numerous. Then our most numerous is spearman, enemy most numerous is archer. Spearman does not counter archer; archer counters spearman. So enemy gets counter. Their defense 8 * 1.5 = 12. Our attack 6, no counter. We lose. So that's bad.

If we send 2 knights and 1 spearman: most numerous knight (2). Knight counters archer, we get counter. Attack sum = 4+4+1=9, with counter 13.5 > 8. Win. But we used 2 knights.

If we send 3 spearmen: attack 3, most numerous spearman. Enemy archer gets counter, defense 12, we lose.

If we send 3 archers: attack 6, most numerous archer. Enemy archer (2) vs our archer (3). Since we have more archers, our most numerous is archer, enemy most numerous is archer. Do we get counter? No, because archer does not counter archer. Does enemy get counter? They need to have a type that counters our most numerous. Our most numerous is archer, which is countered by knight. But enemy's most numerous is archer, not knight. So no counter for either. So effective attack 6 vs defense 8, we lose.

So to beat Teruel without knights, we need more archers. If we send 5 archers: attack 10 > 8, win. But we don't have many archers. Zaragoza has 11 archers, we could send 5. But archers are also valuable.

Alternatively, we could send a mix that includes a knight to be the most numerous? Actually if we send 1 knight and 4 archers: most numerous archer (4). Then no counter for either? Enemy most numerous archer (2). Our most numerous archer (4). No counter. Attack sum: knight 4 + 4*2 = 12 > 8. Win. But we used 1 knight and 4 archers. That might be efficient.

But we have limited archers. Zaragoza has 11 archers. We could send 1 knight + 4 archers to Teruel. That uses 1 knight and 4 archers from Zaragoza. Then Zaragoza still has 28 knights, 7 archers, 21 spearmen.

But we also want to attack other villages.

Let's consider Pamplona (10): garrison 3 archers, 1 knight. Most numerous archer (3). Similar logic. We could send knights or archers.

Murcia (20): garrison 6 archers, 2 knights. Most numerous archer (6). Defense 20. We need effective attack > 20. With counter, we need attack sum > 13.34. Without counter, >20. So we likely need knights for counter, or many archers.

Madrid (73): very strong. We might not be able to take it yet.

We should also consider that we can send troops to reinforce our own villages? But we don't need to defend because enemy isn't attacking us? Actually the enemy might attack our villages. We need to consider defense. Our villages have effective defense values: Barcelona 27, Tarragona 15, Girona 23, Castellon 23, Zaragoza 15, Huesca 15, Valencia 10. These are low except Barcelona and Girona, Castellon. The enemy might attack our border villages. We should leave some troops for defense? But we don't know if enemy will attack. The enemy is King A, they might attack. We need to be cautious. However, our goal is to expand, so we might need to send most troops to attack, leaving minimal garrisons. But if we leave too few, we might lose villages. The enemy's last moves: they attacked Teruel and Pamplona, conquering them. So they are aggressive. They might attack our border villages next. We should keep some troops in our border villages to defend. But we can also rely on the fact that defense is easier (1.25x in village). So even small garrisons can hold off larger attacks if they have good composition.

Let's think about our overall strategy. We need 18 villages. We have 7. There are 24 total. So we need to conquer 11 more. The enemy has many villages. We need to conquer them one by one. We should focus on the weakest first.

List all enemy villages with last known garrison and defense (if visible):

- Teruel: 2 archers, 1 knight, defense 8 (visible)
- Pamplona: 3 archers, 1 knight, defense 10 (visible)
- Murcia: 6 archers, 2 knights, defense 20 (visible)
- Madrid: 20 archers, 9 knights, defense 73 (visible)
- Burgos: 2 spearmen, 7 archers, 1 knight (last seen, defense unknown)
- Salamanca: 1 knight (last seen, defense unknown)
- Toledo: 2 spearmen, 7 archers, 5 knights (last seen)
- Cordoba: 2 spearmen, 7 archers, 2 knights (last seen)
- Badajoz: 6 archers (last seen)
- Porto: 2 archers, 2 knights (last seen)
- Vigo: 8 archers, 6 knights (last seen)
- Lisboa (capital): unknown
- Santarem: unknown
- Evora: unknown
- Sevilha: unknown
- Faro: unknown
- Coimbra: unknown

We also have neutral villages? Actually all 24 are either ours or enemy. The unexplored ones are enemy or neutral? The description says "Neutral villages harden with time", but all listed under "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" are enemy. The unexplored ones might be enemy or neutral. But the map has 24 villages total. We have 7, enemy has at least the ones we've seen. The unexplored might be enemy or neutral. But we need to conquer 18 total, so we need to take many.

Given the difficulty, we should try to attack the visible weak ones now.

Let's plan attacks:

1. Attack Teruel from Valencia? Valencia has 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. That's not enough to beat defense 8 without counter? Let's compute: If we send all from Valencia: 2 spearman (2), 1 archer (2), 1 knight (4) total attack 8. Most numerous? Counts: spearman 2, archer 1, knight 1. Most numerous spearman (2). Enemy most numerous archer (2). Tie in count, tiebreak spearman > archer, so our most numerous is spearman. Enemy gets counter (archer counters spearman). Their defense 8 * 1.5 = 12. Our attack 8, no counter. We lose. So Valencia cannot take Teruel alone with its current troops. We could send from Zaragoza instead.

Zaragoza has many troops. We can send a strong force to Teruel. But we might want to use Zaragoza for multiple attacks? We can only send one movement per village per turn? Actually we can send multiple movements from the same village, but they are separate sends. We could send one wave to Teruel and another to Pamplona? But they would fight sequentially at each target? No, each send goes to a different target. So we can send from Zaragoza to both Teruel and Pamplona in the same turn, as separate movements. That's allowed. The troops available are the total at Zaragoza; we can split them into multiple sends. So we can attack multiple villages from the same source.

So we should use Zaragoza as a hub to attack multiple targets.

Let's decide which troops to send to each target.

We need to consider travel times. From Zaragoza to Teruel: 1 turn (slow/medium/fast). To Pamplona: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns. To Madrid: 1 turn. To Burgos: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns. To Salamanca: 2 slow/2 medium/1 fast turns. To Vigo: 3 slow/2 medium/2 fast turns. To Porto: 3 slow/2 medium/2 fast turns.

From Valencia to Teruel: 1 turn. To Murcia: 1 turn. To Toledo: 2 slow/2 medium/1 fast turns. To Cordoba: 2 slow/2 medium/1 fast turns. To Badajoz: 3 slow/2 medium/2 fast turns.

From Castellon to Teruel: 1 turn.

From Huesca to Pamplona: 1 turn? Actually report says from Huesca to Pamplona? Huesca [20] connects to [19] Pamplona. The report gives march from [17] Zaragoza to [19] Pamplona: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns. But from Huesca, it might be shorter. The road network: [20] Huesca connects to [17], [19], [23]. So from Huesca to Pamplona is direct. Travel time likely 1 turn? Not specified, but we can assume similar to other 1-turn marches. We can use Huesca to attack Pamplona quickly.

So we have multiple options.

Let's prioritize targets by weakness and distance.

We want to conquer villages that are close and weak.

Teruel (8) is very weak, 1 turn from Valencia, Castellon, Zaragoza.
Pamplona (10) is weak, 2 turns from Zaragoza, but 1 turn from Huesca? Actually Huesca to Pamplona is likely 1 turn. Let's check the road: [20] Huesca - [19] Pamplona. Since they are connected, and other 1-turn marches exist, it's probably 1 turn. But the report doesn't give a march time from Huesca to Pamplona. It only gives from Zaragoza. We can assume it's 1 turn because they are adjacent. In the road network, distance is measured along roads. Usually adjacent villages are 1 turn apart for the fastest troops? The report gives "march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns" for some. For example, from Zaragoza to Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So that's 1 turn for all speeds? Actually it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns", meaning it takes 1 turn for slow troops, 1 for medium, 1 for fast. So all speeds take 1 turn. So from Huesca to Pamplona, it's likely also 1 turn for all speeds. So we can attack Pamplona from Huesca in 1 turn.

Murcia (20) is 1 turn from Valencia.

So we have three weak visible targets: Teruel, Pamplona, Murcia.

We should attack all three this turn if possible, using different sources to avoid overloading one village and to ensure we can send enough troops.

Let's allocate forces:

For Teruel: We can send from Valencia, Castellon, or Zaragoza. Valencia has few troops. Castellon has 6 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. Can Castellon beat Teruel? Let's compute: Castellon available: 6 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. If we send all: attack sum = 6*1 + 2 + 8 = 16. Most numerous: spearman (6). Enemy most numerous archer (2). Our spearman > enemy archer, so our most numerous is spearman. Spearman does not counter archer; archer counters spearman. So enemy gets counter? Wait, the counter is determined by the most numerous type of each army. If our most numerous is spearman, and enemy most numerous is archer, then the matchup is spearman vs archer. Archer counters spearman, so the enemy has the counter. Their defense 8 * 1.5 = 12. Our attack 16, no counter. 16 > 12, we win. But we lose some troops. However, we might not want to send all from Castellon because we might want to keep some for defense. But Castellon is a border village, might be attacked. We can leave some troops.

Alternatively, we can send a smaller force from Castellon to Teruel, just enough to win. For example, send 4 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight? Attack sum = 4+2+4=10. Most numerous spearman (4). Enemy gets counter, defense 12. 10 < 12, lose. So we need more. If we send 5 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight: attack 5+2+8=15, vs 12, win. But we used 5 spearman. Castellon has 6 spearman, so we'd leave 1 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight? Actually we have 1 archer, 2 knight. If we send 5 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight, we send all except 1 spearman. That might be okay.

But maybe we should use Zaragoza for Teruel, since Zaragoza has many troops and can also attack other targets. Zaragoza has 21 spearman, 11 archer, 29 knight. We can send a small force to Teruel, e.g., 3 knights: attack 12, with counter (knight vs archer) = 18 > 8, win. That uses only 3 knights, leaving plenty.

So let's plan:

- From Zaragoza to Teruel: send 3 knights. (Travel 1 turn)
- From Zaragoza to Pamplona: send some troops. Pamplona defense 10, garrison 3 archers, 1 knight. We can send, say, 4 knights: attack 16, with counter = 24 > 10, win. Or 3 knights and some archers? 3 knights attack 12, counter 18 > 10. So 3 knights is enough. But we might want to use fewer knights to conserve them. However, knights are our best against archers. We have 29 knights at Zaragoza. We can send 3 to Teruel, 3 to Pamplona, that's 6 knights. Still plenty.

- From Valencia to Murcia: Valencia has 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Can it beat Murcia (defense 20)? Let's compute: If we send all: attack sum = 2+2+4=8. Most numerous spearman (2). Enemy most numerous archer (6). Enemy gets counter? Actually enemy most numerous archer, our most numerous spearman. Archer counters spearman, so enemy gets counter. Their defense 20 * 1.5 = 30. Our attack 8, lose. So Valencia cannot take Murcia with its current troops. We need to send from elsewhere. Zaragoza could send to Murcia? But Murcia is not directly connected to Zaragoza. Road: Zaragoza connects to Madrid, Teruel, Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona. To get to Murcia, we'd have to go through Teruel or Madrid? Actually Murcia [15] connects to [11] Cordoba and [16] Valencia. So only Valencia connects to it directly from our territory. So to attack Murcia, we must send from Valencia, or from a village that can reach Valencia? But we can only send troops from a village we own to an adjacent village along roads. To attack Murcia, we need to send from a village that is connected to Murcia. The only such village we own is Valencia. So we must send from Valencia. But Valencia's current troops are insufficient. We could reinforce Valencia first by sending troops from other villages to Valencia, then next turn send from Valencia to Murcia. But that takes time. Alternatively, we could send troops from Zaragoza to Valencia? Zaragoza connects to Tarragona, which connects to Castellon, which connects to Valencia. Or Zaragoza to Teruel to Valencia? But we can send troops to a village we own to reinforce it. So we can send troops from Zaragoza to Valencia, arriving in a few turns, then they can attack Murcia later. But we want to attack now. We could also send from Valencia directly to Murcia with whatever we have, but we'd lose. So we might need to skip Murcia for now, or send a larger force from Valencia by first reinforcing it.

But we can also attack Murcia from Valencia by sending all troops and hoping? No, we'd lose. So we should either reinforce Valencia first, or attack something else.

What about attacking Madrid? Madrid is strong (73). We could send a large force from Zaragoza. But we need to consider if we can win. Zaragoza has 21 spearman, 11 archer, 29 knight. Total attack if all sent: 21*1 + 11*2 + 29*4 = 21 + 22 + 116 = 159. With counter? Enemy most numerous archer (20). If we send mostly knights, we get counter. If we send all, most numerous? Our counts: spearman 21, archer 11, knight 29. Most numerous is knight (29). Knight counters archer, so we get 1.5x multiplier. Effective attack = 159 * 1.5 = 238.5 > 73. We'd win easily. But we'd send all our troops from Zaragoza, leaving it undefended. Also, travel time to Madrid is 1 turn. But we might lose many troops due to attrition. The enemy defense is 73, but with our counter it's still 73. Our losses are proportional to enemy's effective force. Since we have much higher, losses might be small. But we need to consider that after conquering Madrid, we'd have a new village with our troops, but we might have lost some. However, we'd also need to defend Zaragoza. If we empty Zaragoza, it might be attacked by enemy from other villages. But the enemy might not have troops nearby? The enemy has Burgos, etc. But we don't know.

Alternatively, we could send a portion of Zaragoza's troops to Madrid, keeping some for defense. For example, send 10 knights, 5 archers, 10 spearman? Attack sum: 10*4 + 5*2 + 10*1 = 40+10+10=60. Most numerous? Spearman 10, knight 10, archer 5. Tie between spearman and knight. Tiebreak order: spearman > archer > knight. So spearman is considered most numerous? Actually tiebreak: if tie in count, the order spearman, archer, knight means spearman is first, so spearman is considered more numerous than knight? So our most numerous would be spearman (10). Enemy most numerous archer (20). Spearman vs archer: archer counters spearman, so enemy gets counter. Their defense 73 * 1.5 = 109.5. Our attack 60, no counter. We lose. So we must ensure our most numerous is knight to get counter. So we need more knights than spearmen and archers. For example, send 15 knights, 5 spearmen, 5 archers. Most numerous knight (15). Attack sum: 15*4 + 5*1 + 5*2 = 60+5+10=75. With counter 112.5 > 73. Win. That uses 15 knights, 5 spearmen, 5 archers. That's a good force. We'd still have 14 knights, 16 spearmen, 6 archers left at Zaragoza for defense.

But is it worth attacking Madrid now? Madrid is a big prize, but we might suffer heavy losses. Also, after taking Madrid, we'd have 8 villages. We need 10 more. But Madrid is deep in enemy territory, might be hard to hold.

Maybe we should focus on the weaker villages first to build up strength.

Let's consider attacking Teruel, Pamplona, and also maybe Salamanca or Burgos.

Salamanca [7] is last seen with 1 knight. It's weak. But it's out of sight. We can still attack it. From Zaragoza to Salamanca: 2 slow/2 medium/1 fast turns. So it takes 2 turns for slow troops, 2 for medium, 1 for fast. So if we send knights (fast), they'd arrive in 1 turn? Actually "2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" means slow takes 2 turns, medium 2, fast 1. So knights would arrive in 1 turn. So we can attack Salamanca with knights from Zaragoza in 1 turn. But we don't know its current defense; it might have been reinforced. But it was last seen with only 1 knight, so likely still weak. We could send a small force.

Similarly, Burgos [14]: last seen 2 spearmen, 7 archers, 1 knight. From Zaragoza: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns. So knights arrive in 1 turn. We could attack it.

But we need to decide.

Let's think about our overall plan. We need to hold 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns. That means we need to conquer and hold. So we should attack villages that we can reliably hold, and that are not too far from our core.

Our current territory is in the northeast (Barcelona, Girona, Tarragona, Castellon, Zaragoza, Huesca, Valencia). We have a contiguous block. The enemy has villages to the west and south. We should expand westward along the road network.

Road network: Our villages: 16 Valencia, 17 Zaragoza, 18 Castellon, 20 Huesca, 21 Tarragona, 22 Barcelona, 23 Girona. Enemy villages adjacent to ours: Teruel (13) connects to Valencia, Zaragoza, Castellon. Pamplona (19) connects to Zaragoza, Huesca. Madrid (12) connects to Zaragoza. Murcia (15) connects to Valencia. Also Burgos (14) connects to Zaragoza? Actually [14] Burgos connects to [10], [12], [19]. Not directly to Zaragoza. Wait, road network: [14] Burgos: [10], [12], [19]. So from Zaragoza, to reach Burgos, we'd go through Madrid or Pamplona? Actually Zaragoza connects to Madrid [12] and Pamplona [19]. So to attack Burgos, we'd need to go through Madrid or Pamplona. But we can attack Burgos directly if we have a path? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination. You cannot march past an enemy or neutral village to hit one behind it." So to attack Burgos, we must first conquer the intermediate villages. So we cannot attack Burgos directly from Zaragoza because Madrid or Pamplona are in the way. So we must conquer Madrid or Pamplona first.

Similarly, to attack Salamanca [7], it connects to [3], [4], [6], [12]. From Zaragoza, we'd go through Madrid? Actually Zaragoza to Madrid to Salamanca? Madrid connects to Salamanca? Road: [12] Madrid: [7], [8], [14], [17]. Yes, Madrid connects to Salamanca. So to reach Salamanca, we must go through Madrid. So we need to take Madrid first.

To attack Toledo [8], it connects to [4], [11], [12], [13]. From Valencia, we can go to Teruel then to Toledo? Actually [13] Teruel connects to [8] Toledo. So we could attack Toledo via Teruel, but we'd need to conquer Teruel first.

So our immediate accessible targets are: Teruel (from Valencia, Zaragoza, Castellon), Pamplona (from Zaragoza, Huesca), Madrid (from Zaragoza), Murcia (from Valencia). Also, we could attack from Valencia to Teruel, then from Teruel to Toledo? But we need to conquer Teruel first.

So this turn, we can attack Teruel, Pamplona, Madrid, Murcia. Murcia is only from Valencia, but Valencia is weak. We might need to reinforce Valencia first.

Let's consider reinforcing Valencia. We can send troops from Castellon or Zaragoza to Valencia. Castellon connects to Valencia. Zaragoza connects to Tarragona to Castellon to Valencia, or Zaragoza to Teruel to Valencia? But Teruel is enemy, so we can't go through. So the only safe route from Zaragoza to Valencia is via Tarragona and Castellon (all ours). That takes time: Zaragoza to Tarragona (1 turn?), Tarragona to Castellon (1 turn?), Castellon to Valencia (1 turn?). So it would take several turns. Alternatively, we could send from Barcelona or Girona to Valencia via Tarragona, Castellon. That's also long.

So reinforcing Valencia quickly is hard. Maybe we should instead focus on attacking from Zaragoza and other villages, and leave Murcia for later.

What about attacking Madrid? Madrid is a big prize. If we conquer Madrid, we open paths to Salamanca, Burgos, Toledo, etc. But Madrid has a large garrison. We can send a strong force from Zaragoza. Let's compute if we can win with acceptable losses.

We need to decide on troop composition to maximize our advantage. Enemy at Madrid: 20 archers, 9 knights. Most numerous archer. So knight counters archer. If we send a force with knights as most numerous, we get 1.5x attack. We need effective attack > 73. So raw attack sum must be > 73 / 1.5 = 48.67. So we need at least 49 attack power with knight majority. Knights have 4 attack each, so 13 knights give 52 attack, with counter 78 > 73. But we also need to consider that the enemy also has knights, which might affect the counter? The counter is based on the most numerous type of each army. If we send 13 knights and nothing else, our most numerous is knight. Enemy most numerous is archer (20). So we get counter. Effective attack = 13*4*1.5 = 78. Enemy defense 73. We win. But we will take losses. The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So our losses are proportional to the enemy's effective force. The enemy's effective force is their defense? Actually "attrition against the loser's effective force" means we lose troops equal to some function of the enemy's effective force. The exact formula isn't given, but presumably we lose a number of troops based on the enemy's defense. Since we have a big advantage, we'll lose some but not all. However, sending 13 knights is a significant investment. We have 29 knights at Zaragoza. We could send 13, leaving 16. But we also need troops for other attacks and defense.

Alternatively, we could send a mix with some spearmen and archers, but we must ensure knights are the most numerous. For example, 10 knights, 5 spearmen, 5 archers: attack 40+5+10=55, with counter 82.5 > 73. That uses 10 knights. Better.

We could also send from multiple villages? But they fight separately. So we can only send one force from one village. So we must send from Zaragoza.

Is it wise to attack Madrid now? If we take Madrid, we get a new village. But we'll also incur losses. The enemy might reinforce Madrid from other villages? The enemy is simultaneous, so they might send reinforcements to Madrid this turn. We don't know. But we can try.

Alternatively, we could attack Teruel and Pamplona first, which are weaker, to build up our army and resources. Taking Teruel gives us a village that produces resources. Taking Pamplona also. Then we can use those to build more troops.

Let's check the resources of Teruel and Pamplona. We don't know their resource production, but likely similar to other villages (30 wood, 20 iron). They would add to our economy.

Also, conquering villages increases our total villages. We need 18. We have 7. Taking Teruel, Pamplona, and maybe Murcia would give 10. Still need 8 more. Taking Madrid would give 8. So we need many more.

Maybe we should attack multiple targets this turn.

Let's plan:

- From Zaragoza: send a force to attack Madrid. Use 10 knights, 5 spearmen, 5 archers? But we need to check if we have that many archers. Zaragoza has 11 archers. So we can send 5 archers. Spearmen 21, knights 29. So that's fine.
- From Zaragoza: also send a force to attack Teruel? But we can't send from Zaragoza to Teruel if we send all troops to Madrid? We can split. But we need to leave some for defense. We can send one movement to Madrid and another to Teruel from Zaragoza. That's allowed. But we must ensure we don't exceed available troops. So we need to allocate.

Let's decide on a balanced approach: Attack Madrid with a medium force, attack Teruel with a small force, attack Pamplona with a small force, and maybe attack Murcia from Valencia? But Valencia is too weak.

Alternatively, we could skip Madrid for now and focus on Teruel and Pamplona, then next turn attack Madrid with reinforced troops.

But we need to progress quickly. The enemy is also building and moving. We should try to conquer as many as possible.

Let's consider the enemy's possible moves. The enemy last turn conquered Teruel and Pamplona. So they took those villages. Now they hold them. Wait, the report says: "King A attacked [13] Teruel: VICTORY, conquered" and "King A attacked [19] Pamplona: VICTORY, conquered". So last turn, the enemy conquered Teruel and Pamplona. That means those villages are now enemy? But in the current state, they are listed as ENEMY (King A) under "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE". So they are still enemy. So the enemy holds them now. So we need to conquer them back. So they are enemy villages.

So the enemy has Teruel, Pamplona, Madrid, Murcia, etc.

We need to attack them.

Given that the enemy just conquered Teruel and Pamplona, their garrisons might be small because they just took them and may not have had time to reinforce? The report shows their current garrisons: Teruel: 2 archers, 1 knight; Pamplona: 3 archers, 1 knight. So they are small. So now is a good time to take them back.

Let's plan to attack Teruel and Pamplona with strong forces to ensure victory.

We can attack Teruel from Zaragoza with, say, 5 knights, 2 archers, 3 spearmen? But we need to ensure we win with minimal losses. Let's compute effective attack needed for Teruel (defense 8). If we send a force with knight majority, we get counter. For example, 3 knights: attack 12, counter 18 > 8. So 3 knights is enough. We could send 3 knights and no others. That's simple. But we might want to send a few spearmen to absorb damage? Actually losses are attrition based on enemy's effective force. If we send only 3 knights, we might lose some knights. But since we have a big advantage, we might lose 1 or 2? The exact attrition isn't specified, but we can assume we'll lose some. If we send more troops, the battle might be overkill but we might lose fewer? Actually the rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So our losses are proportional to the enemy's effective force, not our own. So sending more troops doesn't increase our losses; it just gives us a larger margin. So we should send enough to win, but sending extra troops doesn't hurt (except they are not available elsewhere). So we should send the minimum needed to ensure victory, to conserve troops for other attacks and defense.

So for Teruel, minimum is 3 knights (attack 12, counter 18). Or we could send 2 knights and some archers? If we send 2 knights (8) and 1 archer (2) total 10. Most numerous? Knight 2, archer 1. So knight most numerous. Counter applies: 10 * 1.5 = 15 > 8. So 2 knights + 1 archer works. That uses 2 knights instead of 3. But we have limited knights. 2 knights + 1 archer is better than 3 knights? Actually 2 knights + 1 archer uses 2 knights, which is fewer. But we need to have the most numerous be knight. With 2 knights and 1 archer, knight count 2, archer 1, so knight is most numerous. Good. So we can use 2 knights and 1 archer. Attack sum = 2*4 + 2 = 10, with counter 15 > 8. So that's efficient.

For Pamplona (defense 10): similar. 2 knights + 1 archer: attack 10, counter 15 > 10. Or 3 knights: 12 -> 18. So 2 knights + 1 archer works.

For Murcia (defense 20): garrison 6 archers, 2 knights. We need effective attack > 20. With knight majority, we need raw attack > 13.34. So 4 knights (16) with counter 24 > 20. Or 3 knights + 2 archers? 3 knights (12) + 2 archers (4) = 16, most numerous knight (3), counter 24. So 3 knights + 2 archers works. Or 2 knights + 4 archers? 2 knights (8) + 4 archers (8) = 16, most numerous? Knight 2, archer 4 -> archer most numerous. Then no counter? Actually if archer is most numerous, enemy most numerous is archer (6). No counter for either. Attack 16 vs defense 20, lose. So we need knight majority. So minimum knights: 4 if alone, or 3 with some archers.

But Murcia is only accessible from Valencia. Valencia has only 1 knight, 1 archer, 2 spearmen. So we cannot send enough from Valencia now. We would need to reinforce Valencia first. So maybe we skip Murcia this turn.

What about Madrid? Defense 73. With knight majority, need raw attack > 48.67. So 13 knights (52) or 12 knights + some archers? 12 knights (48) + 1 archer (2) = 50, counter 75 > 73. So 12 knights + 1 archer works. Or 10 knights + 5 archers? 40+10=50, counter 75. So we need about 12 knights worth of attack with knight majority.

We have 29 knights at Zaragoza. We could send 12 knights to Madrid, leaving 17. But we also want to attack Teruel and Pamplona. We could send 2 knights + 1 archer to Teruel, 2 knights + 1 archer to Pamplona. That's 4 knights + 2 archers total. Then for Madrid, we could send, say, 15 knights? But we need to leave some for defense. Zaragoza has 21 spearmen, 11 archers, 29 knights. If we send 15 knights to Madrid, 2 to Teruel, 2 to Pamplona = 19 knights, leaving 10 knights. We can also send spearmen and archers to Madrid to make up the attack. Let's design a Madrid attack force that uses fewer knights but still has knight majority. For example, send 10 knights, 8 archers, 4 spearmen? Attack: 40 + 16 + 4 = 60. Most numerous? Knight 10, archer 8, spearman 4. Knight most numerous. Counter applies: 60 * 1.5 = 90 > 73. That uses 10 knights, 8 archers, 4 spearmen. That's a good mix. We have enough: 10 knights, 8 archers (out of 11), 4 spearmen (out of 21). So we can do that.

Then for Teruel: from Zaragoza, we can send 2 knights, 1 archer. For Pamplona: from Zaragoza, we can send 2 knights, 1 archer. But wait, we need to consider travel times. Zaragoza to Teruel is 1 turn. Zaragoza to Pamplona is 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns. So if we send knights (fast), they arrive in 1 turn. So both can be 1-turn marches if we send knights. But the report says from Zaragoza to Pamplona: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So fast troops take 1 turn. So knights would arrive in 1 turn. So we can send knights to Pamplona and they'll arrive in 1 turn. So we can attack both in 1 turn.

But we also need to consider that we might want to attack from Huesca to Pamplona for a shorter march? Huesca to Pamplona is likely 1 turn as well. Huesca has 4 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight. Could we use Huesca to attack Pamplona? Huesca available: 4 spearman, 2 knight. If we send all: attack sum = 4 + 8 = 12. Most numerous? Spearman 4, knight 2. Spearman most numerous. Enemy most numerous archer (3). Spearman vs archer: archer counters spearman, enemy gets counter. Defense 10 * 1.5 = 15. Our attack 12, no counter. Lose. So we need to send a force with knight majority from Huesca. But Huesca only has 2 knights. If we send 2 knights and some spearmen, we need knight to be most numerous. With 2 knights, we can have at most 1 spearman to keep knight as most numerous (2 vs 1). Attack sum: 2*4 + 1 = 9. With counter: 13.5 > 10. So we could send 2 knights, 1 spearman from Huesca to Pamplona. That would win. That uses Huesca's knights, leaving 3 spearman. That might be better because it uses Huesca's troops instead of Zaragoza's, preserving Zaragoza's knights for Madrid. Also, Huesca is closer to Pamplona? Actually both are 1 turn. But using Huesca reduces the load on Zaragoza.

So let's plan:

- From Huesca [20] to Pamplona [19]: send 2 knights, 1 spearman. (Attack 9, counter 13.5 > 10)
- From Zaragoza [17] to Teruel [13]: send 2 knights, 1 archer. (Attack 10, counter 15 > 8)
- From Zaragoza [17] to Madrid [12]: send 10 knights, 8 archers, 4 spearmen. (Attack 60, counter 90 > 73)

Check troop availability:

Zaragoza available: 21 spearman, 11 archer, 29 knight.
Send to Teruel: 2 knights, 1 archer. Send to Madrid: 10 knights, 8 archers, 4 spearmen.
Total sent from Zaragoza: knights: 2+10=12, archers: 1+8=9, spearmen: 4.
Remaining at Zaragoza: spearman 21-4=17, archer 11-9=2, knight 29-12=17. That's a decent garrison.

Huesca available: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight.
Send to Pamplona: 2 knights, 1 spearman. Remaining: 3 spearman, 0 knight.

We also have Valencia, Castellon, Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona. We could also send from Valencia to something? Valencia has 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Could we send from Valencia to Teruel? But we already are attacking Teruel from Zaragoza. We could send a second wave from Valencia to Teruel? But they fight separately. If we send from Valencia to Teruel, it would be a separate battle. The first battle (from Zaragoza) would occur, and if we win, the village is conquered, and the second send (from Valencia) would arrive at an empty village? Actually the rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". If we send from Valencia to Teruel, and at the same time send from Zaragoza to Teruel, which arrives first? Travel time: both are 1 turn for fast troops. They might arrive simultaneously. The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So they would fight sequentially. The order might be determined by something. If the Zaragoza force wins, it conquers the village, then the Valencia force arrives and fights at the now-conquered village? But the village is now ours, so they would reinforce? Actually if the village is conquered by the first battle, it becomes ours. Then the second send arrives at a friendly village and joins the garrison. So that could be useful: we can send a weak force from Valencia to Teruel after the main attack, to reinforce the new garrison. But they would arrive after the battle? Since they are simultaneous, the order matters. The rule says "each send fights alone, one at a time." It doesn't specify the order. Possibly the defender gets to choose? Or it's arbitrary. To be safe, we might not want to send a weak force that might fight first and lose, wasting troops. But if we send a strong enough force from Zaragoza to conquer, then the Valencia force can just be a reinforcement. But we need to ensure the Zaragoza force goes first. Since we don't control the order, it's risky. Better to send reinforcements from a village to a village we already own, not to an enemy village we are also attacking. So we should not send from Valencia to Teruel if we are also attacking from Zaragoza. Instead, we could send from Valencia to reinforce Valencia? No.

What about attacking Murcia from Valencia? We could send all from Valencia to Murcia, but we'd likely lose. So maybe we just
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
COMBATE [13] Teruel: atacante A Fatk=16 (ef 24) Fdef=16 (ef 20) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~7
COMBATE [19] Pamplona: atacante A Fatk=14 (ef 21) Fdef=16 (ef 20) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~7
REFORCO [14] Burgos dono A: 2S+3A+2K
REFORCO [8] Toledo dono A: 1A+3K
REFORCO [14] Burgos dono A: 1A
REFORCO [15] Murcia dono A: 1K
REFORCO [11] Cordoba dono A: 3A
REFORCO [7] Salamanca dono A: 1A
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 2S+3K
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 4S+1A+5K
placar: A 17 ald/tropas 139 | B 7 ald/tropas 104 | neutras 0 | transito 2 (A 2 | B 0)

########## TURNO 27 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4655 | resposta 13526 | raciocinio 9278 | finish stop | ms 125477
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 7, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 7, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 8, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 9, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 10, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 11, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 12, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 14, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 15, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 19, \"toId\": 20, \"troops\": {\"archer\": 9, \"knight\": 3}},\n    {\"fromId\": 14, \"toId\": 19, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"archer\": 6, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 8, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"archer\": 5, \"knight\": 3}},\n    {\"fromId\": 12, \"toId\": 8, \"troops\": {\"archer\": 5, \"knight\": 3}},\n    {\"fromId\": 7, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 15, \"toId\": 16, \"troops\": {\"archer\": 2}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Attack Huesca from Pamplona to secure our northern border and increase our village count to 19. Reinforce Pamplona from Burgos, and shift troops from Madrid and Salamanca to Toledo and Teruel to prepare for the next push into Castellon and Zaragoza. Build archers and knights across all interior villages to maintain momentum.\",\n  \"statement\": \"Our scouts report Huesca is weakly defended. We march from Pamplona to strike them down, while reinforcing our borders from Burgos, Madrid, and Salamanca. The army grows, and the enemy's time is running out.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A and provide orders for the next turn based on the game state provided.

Let's analyze the current state:
- I hold 18 of 24 villages (75%). I need to hold at least 18 for 2 consecutive turns to win, or eliminate every enemy village.
- I currently hold 18 of 24.
- Wait, the game state says "You currently hold 18 of 24."
- Let's check the list of YOUR VILLAGES (18):
  [0] Lisboa, [1] Santarem, [2] Evora, [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz, [5] Faro, [6] Porto, [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [10] Vigo, [9] Sevilha, [11] Cordoba, [13] Teruel, [12] Madrid, [14] Burgos, [16] Valencia, [15] Murcia, [19] Pamplona.
  Total: 18 villages.
- The enemy has: [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona (capital), [23] Girona. Total 6 enemy villages.
- If I hold 18 of 24, and I need to hold at least 18 for 2 consecutive turns, did I just conquer Valencia this turn? "You attacked [16] Valencia: VICTORY, conquered". So this is the first turn I hold 18. Next turn, if I still hold 18, that will be 2 consecutive turns? Or do I need to hold them through the turn? "hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns". Since I conquered Valencia, I now have 18. If I keep them, next turn I will have held them for 2 consecutive turns (or maybe the game counts at the start of the turn, or end). Usually, holding them means they don't get lost. Let's make sure I don't lose any, and maybe capture more to be safe, or just defend and build.

Let's look at the enemy villages:
- [17] Zaragoza: garrison 21 spearmen, 11 archers, 29 knights. Effective defense 153. This is very strong.
- [18] Castellon: garrison 6 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights. Effective defense 23.
- [20] Huesca: garrison 4 spearmen, 2 knights. Effective defense 15.
- [21] Tarragona: last seen 11 turns ago.
- [22] Barcelona: enemy capital, unknown.
- [23] Girona: unexplored.

My villages and their resources/troops:
- [12] Madrid: 31 troops (22 archer, 9 knight), defense 78. Can send 22 archer, 9 knight (attack 80).
- [16] Valencia: 7 troops (5 archer, 2 knight), defense 18. Can send 5 archer, 2 knight (attack 18).
- [19] Pamplona: 12 troops (9 archer, 3 knight), defense 30. Can send 9 archer, 3 knight (attack 30).
- [13] Teruel: 5 troops (4 archer, 1 knight), defense 13. Can send 4 archer, 1 knight (attack 12).
- [8] Toledo: 18 troops (2 spearman, 10 archer, 6 knight), defense 45. Can send 2 spearman, 10 archer, 6 knight (attack 46).
- [14] Burgos: 11 troops (4 spearman, 6 archer, 1 knight), defense 28. Can send 4 spearman, 6 archer, 1 knight (attack 20).
- [7] Salamanca: 13 troops (1 spearman, 6 archer, 6 knight), defense 33. Can send 1 spearman, 6 archer, 6 knight (attack 37).

Let's look at the enemy's border villages:
- [17] Zaragoza is bordered by [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona.
- [18] Castellon is bordered by [13] Teruel, [16] Valencia, [21] Tarragona.
- [20] Huesca is bordered by [17] Zaragoza, [19] Pamplona, [23] Girona.

Since I need to hold 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns, and I just got 18, maybe I should just reinforce my borders and build troops to prepare for future attacks, or attack a weak enemy village like [18] Castellon or [20] Huesca to increase my count to 19 or 20, making it safer.
Wait, if I attack [18] Castellon from [16] Valencia or [13] Teruel:
- [16] Valencia to [18] Castellon: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.
- [13] Teruel to [18] Castellon: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn (actually road network says [13] Teruel connects to [16], [17], [18]).
Let's check the road network for [13] Teruel: [8], [16], [17], [18]. Yes, Teruel connects to Castellon.
Let's check [16] Valencia: [13], [15], [18]. Yes, connects to Castellon.

Let's check [20] Huesca: [17], [19], [23]. [19] Pamplona connects to [20] Huesca. March from [19] Pamplona to [20] Huesca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.

Let's look at the enemy's active armies: "none sighted". So they are not currently marching towards me, but they might be building.

Let's plan the builds:
I have many villages with wood and iron.
Let's see what I can build.
- [12] Madrid: wood 30, iron 60. Can build archers (20 wood, 10 iron) or knights (30 wood, 30 iron). Let's build archers or knights. Knights are expensive but powerful. Archers are good. Let's build knights in Madrid if possible, or archers.
Wait, Madrid has 31 troops at home. Cap is 300, so it can still build.
Let's check resources:
- [0] Lisboa: wood 80, iron 70. Can build knights (30 wood, 30 iron) or archers (20 wood, 10 iron).
- [1] Santarem: wood 80, iron 60.
- [2] Evora: wood 80, iron 60.
- [3] Coimbra: wood 80, iron 70.
- [4] Badajoz: wood 80, iron 60.
- [5] Faro: wood 45, iron 50.
- [6] Porto: wood 85, iron 70.
- [7] Salamanca: wood 50, iron 30. Can build archers (20 wood, 10 iron).
- [8] Toledo: wood 30, iron 50. Can build archers (20 wood, 10 iron) or knights (30 wood, 30 iron).
- [10] Vigo: wood 80, iron 70.
- [9] Sevilha: wood 80, iron 70.
- [11] Cordoba: wood 30, iron 40.
- [13] Teruel: wood 50, iron 40.
- [12] Madrid: wood 30, iron 60.
- [14] Burgos: wood 40, iron 100. Can build knights (30 wood, 30 iron) or archers.
- [16] Valencia: wood 150, iron 110. Can build lots of knights or archers.
- [15] Murcia: wood 30, iron 40.
- [19] Pamplona: wood 60, iron 40.

Let's build archers and knights where possible to swell the ranks.
Wait, the prompt says "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."
Let's calculate some builds:
- Madrid [12]: wood 30, iron 60. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Let's build 1 knight.
- Valencia [16]: wood 150, iron 110. Can build 4 knights (120 wood, 120 iron - wait, only 110 iron, so 3 knights: 90 wood, 90 iron) or 5 archers (100 wood, 50 iron). Let's build 3 knights and 2 archers? Or just 3 knights. Let's build 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> total 110 wood, 100 iron.
- Pamplona [19]: wood 60, iron 40. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 50 wood, 40 iron.
- Toledo [8]: wood 30, iron 50. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 50 wood, 40 iron (only 30 wood, so can't do both). Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Let's build 1 knight.
- Burgos [14]: wood 40, iron 100. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) -> 70 wood, 50 iron. Let's build 1 knight, 2 archers.
- Lisboa [0]: wood 80, iron 70. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) or 1 knight and 2 archers (70 wood, 50 iron). Let's build 2 knights.
- Santarem [1]: wood 80, iron 60. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
- Coimbra [3]: wood 80, iron 70. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
- Faro [5]: wood 45, iron 50. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 50 wood, 40 iron.
- Porto [6]: wood 85, iron 70. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
- Vigo [10]: wood 80, iron 70. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
- Sevilha [9]: wood 80, iron 70. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
- Salamanca [7]: wood 50, iron 30. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Let's build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) -> 35 wood, 10 iron.
- Cordoba [11]: wood 30, iron 40. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Let's build 1 archer.
- Murcia [15]: wood 30, iron 40. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
- Badajoz [4]: wood 80, iron 60. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
- Evora [2]: wood 80, iron 60. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).

Let's focus on building archers and knights because they are the most powerful (especially knights, but archers are also good and cheaper). Spearman are cheap but weak against knights and archers. Since the enemy has many knights (Zaragoza has 29 knights), I need knights to counter them? Wait, spearman counters knight (1.5x bonus). But spearman has defense 2, knight has attack 4. If I have spearman, they counter knights. But knights are fast and powerful. Let's build a mix of archers and knights, maybe some spearmen for defense.

Let's look at the movements.
I want to attack [18] Castellon or [20] Huesca.
Castellon has: 6 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights. Effective defense 23.
If I attack Castellon from Valencia [16] or Teruel [13].
Valencia has 5 archer, 2 knight. Attack power: archer attack 2, knight attack 4.
Let's see: 5 archers (attack 10), 2 knights (attack 8). Total attack 18.
Wait, the most numerous type is archer (5 vs 2). So the counter matchup is archer vs ? The defender has 6 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights. Most numerous is spearman (6). Archer counters spearman! So my archers get a 1.5x bonus against their spearman.
Let's calculate the effective force:
My army: 5 archers, 2 knights.
Most numerous: archers (5).
Enemy army: 6 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights. Most numerous: spearmen (6).
Archer counters spearman. So my archers get 1.5x multiplier.
My archer attack: 2 * 1.5 = 3 each. 5 archers = 15 attack.
My knight attack: 4 each. 2 knights = 8 attack. (Knights don't get the counter bonus unless they are the most numerous, or do they? "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup". So only the most numerous type of MY army gets the bonus? Or does the most numerous type of the defender determine the matchup, and my most numerous type gets the bonus if it counters?
"Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5. The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
So my most numerous type is archer. Defender's most numerous type is spearman. Archer counters spearman. So my archers get multiplied by 1.5.
My archers: 5 * 2 (attack) * 1.5 = 15.
My knights: 2 * 4 = 8.
Total attack = 23.
Defender's effective defense: 23 (already includes location bonus).
Since attack (23) vs defense (23) is a tie, the defender wins (tie favors defender). But wait, "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
If I send more troops, I can win.
From Madrid [12], I can send 22 archers, 9 knights. March from Madrid to Castellon: Madrid is connected to [7], [8], [14], [17]. To get to Castellon [18], I have to go through Teruel [13] or Valencia [16]. But "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination. You cannot march past an enemy or neutral village to hit one behind it."
So if I march from Madrid to Castellon, the path is Madrid -> Salamanca/Toledo/Burgos? No, Madrid connects to [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza.
To get to Castellon, I must go through Teruel or Valencia. But Teruel is mine, Valencia is mine.
Wait, Madrid to Teruel: Madrid -> [8] Toledo -> [13] Teruel -> [18] Castellon.
Or Madrid -> [7] Salamanca -> [3] Coimbra -> ... no, that's longer.
Let's check the road network:
Madrid [12] connects to [7], [8], [14], [17].
Teruel [13] connects to [8], [16], [17], [18].
So Madrid to Teruel goes through [8] Toledo. Toledo is mine. So I can march Madrid -> Toledo -> Teruel -> Castellon.
But the march distance from Madrid to Castellon would be:
Madrid to Toledo: 1 turn (fast).
Toledo to Teruel: 1 turn (fast).
Teruel to Castellon: 1 turn (fast).
Total 3 fast turns.
If I send from Madrid, it takes 3 turns. During those 3 turns, the enemy can reinforce Castellon!
It's better to send from Teruel [13] or Valencia [16], which are only 1 turn away from Castellon.
Teruel has 4 archers, 1 knight. Attack power: 4*2 + 4 = 12.
Valencia has 5 archers, 2 knights. Attack power: 5*2 + 2*4 = 18.
If I send from Valencia: 5 archers, 2 knights. Attack 18 vs defense 23. Defender wins.
If I send from Teruel: 4 archers, 1 knight. Attack 4*2 + 4 = 12 vs defense 23. Defender wins easily.
So I need to reinforce Teruel or Valencia first, then attack Castellon next turn.
Or I can attack Huesca [20] from Pamplona [19].
Pamplona to Huesca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn. (Road: Pamplona [19] connects to [14], [17], [20]. So direct road to Huesca!).
Huesca has: 4 spearmen, 2 knights. Effective defense 15.
Pamplona has: 9 archers, 3 knights.
If I send all from Pamplona: 9 archers, 3 knights.
Most numerous: archers (9). Defender most numerous: spearmen (4). Archer counters spearman!
My archers: 9 * 2 * 1.5 = 27 attack.
My knights: 3 * 4 = 12 attack.
Total attack = 39 vs defense 15. I will win easily!
And the march is direct: Pamplona to Huesca.
Let's check the march time: "march from [19] Pamplona: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".
Since I have only archers and knights in Pamplona (if I send all), the speed is medium (archers are medium, knights are fast, mixed marches at slowest, which is archers -> medium).
So it takes 1 medium turn? "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means if I send only knights, it takes 1 fast turn. If I send archers and knights, it takes 1 medium turn (since archers are medium).
Wait, "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means the distance is 2 slow, 1 medium, 1 fast. If my army is medium speed, it takes 2+1 = 3 turns? Or does it take the time corresponding to the speed?
"march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns" usually means the travel time is 5 turns if slow, 3 if medium, 2 if fast.
So for Pamplona to Huesca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
If I send a medium army (archers), it takes 1 medium turn? No, the numbers are the travel times. So if the route has segments of different speeds, the total time is the sum of the slowest troop's time on each segment, or the total time is listed as "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" which means 2 turns for slow troops, 1 turn for medium, 1 turn for fast? No, it means the road has different terrain, and the time taken depends on the troop speed. So a slow troop takes 2 slow + 1 slow + 1 slow = 4 turns? No, "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means the travel time is 2 turns for slow, 1 turn for medium, 1 turn for fast? No, it's the total travel time in turns for each speed type.
Let's assume it takes 1 turn if fast, 1 turn if medium, 2 turns if slow. Or 2 turns for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast.
Actually, the text says: "march from [19] Pamplona: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". This means the travel time is 2 turns if the army is slow, 1 turn if medium, 1 turn if fast. Wait, why would slow be 2 and medium 1? Because slow troops take longer. So if I send archers (medium), it takes 1 turn. If I send knights (fast), it takes 1 turn. If I send spearman (slow), it takes 2 turns.
So I can send from Pamplona to Huesca and it will arrive in 1 turn (if medium/fast) or 2 turns (if slow).
Let's send all troops from Pamplona to Huesca: 9 archers, 3 knights. This will arrive in 1 turn (medium speed).
Wait, if I send them, they will fight Huesca on arrival. Huesca has 4 spearmen, 2 knights. Defense 15.
My attack: 9 archers, 3 knights.
Most numerous: archers (9). Defender most numerous: spearmen (4). Archer counters spearman.
My archers: 9 * 2 * 1.5 = 27.
My knights: 3 * 4 = 12.
Total attack = 39. Defense = 15. I win with huge margin.
Huesca is an enemy village. If I conquer it, I will have 19 villages!
Let's check if there are any other enemy villages I can reach easily.
Castellon [18] from Valencia [16] or Teruel [13]. Valencia has 5 archers, 2 knights. Teruel has 4 archers, 1 knight.
If I send from Valencia: 5 archers, 2 knights. Attack 18 vs defense 23. I lose.
If I send from Teruel: 4 archers, 1 knight. Attack 12 vs defense 23. I lose.
So Huesca is the easiest target.

Let's check if I should also send reinforcements to Teruel or Valencia to prepare for Castellon next turn.
If I send troops from Madrid to Teruel:
Madrid to Teruel: Madrid -> Toledo -> Teruel.
Madrid has 22 archers, 9 knights. Toledo has 10 archers, 6 knights, 2 spearman. Teruel has 4 archers, 1 knight.
If I send from Madrid to Teruel: 22 archers, 9 knights.
March Madrid to Teruel: Madrid to Toledo (1 fast turn), Toledo to Teruel (1 fast turn). Total 2 fast turns?
Let's check the march distance from Madrid to Teruel: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns". So it takes 2 fast turns.
If I send them, they arrive in 2 turns. By then, I might have already conquered Huesca, and then I can turn to Zaragoza or Castellon.
Wait, if I conquer Huesca this turn (by sending from Pamplona), next turn I will have 19 villages. Then I need to hold them for 2 consecutive turns. If I conquer Huesca on turn 28, and I hold it on turn 29, that's 2 turns? Or does the count start from when I first hold it?
"hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns"
If I hold 18 on turn 27 (after conquering Valencia), and I hold 18 on turn 28, that is 2 consecutive turns!
Wait, the game state says: "You currently hold 18 of 24."
And "TURN 27 - You are King A. These numbers are from TURN 27."
So on turn 27, I hold 18.
If I do nothing and just defend, on turn 28 I will still hold 18. That would be 2 consecutive turns (turn 27 and turn 28).
But the enemy might attack me and take one of my villages, reducing me to 17.
So I need to defend my villages, especially the border ones: Teruel, Madrid, Valencia, Pamplona.
Let's check the enemy's border villages and their garrisons:
- Zaragoza: 21 spearmen, 11 archers, 29 knights. Defense 153. Very strong. They are unlikely to attack me unless they send a huge army. But they have no armies sighted.
- Castellon: 6 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights. Defense 23. Weak.
- Huesca: 4 spearmen, 2 knights. Defense 15. Weak.
Since the enemy has no armies sighted, they are probably building or marching in the fog.
To be safe, I should reinforce my border villages.
Which border villages?
- [13] Teruel: bordered by [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon. I should reinforce it.
- [12] Madrid: bordered by [17] Zaragoza. It already has 31 troops. I can send more from nearby interior villages like [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos.
- [16] Valencia: bordered by [18] Castellon. It has 7 troops. I should reinforce it from [15] Murcia or [11] Cordoba.
- [19] Pamplona: bordered by [17] Zaragoza, [20] Huesca. It has 12 troops. I can send the reinforcement that arrived last turn (4 archers, 2 knights) to stay there, or send more from [14] Burgos.

Let's look at the "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" section:
- "Your reinforcement (4 archers, 2 knights) arrived at [19] Pamplona"
So Pamplona now has its original 12 troops + 4 archers + 2 knights? No, the "YOUR VILLAGES" section shows Pamplona has 12 troops at home (9 archer, 3 knight). Wait, the reinforcement arrived, so maybe the 12 troops already include them?
"troops at home: 12 / 300. AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 9 archer, 3 knight"
Yes, 9 archer + 3 knight = 12 troops. So the reinforcement is already counted in the 12.

Let's plan the movements:
1. Attack Huesca [20] from Pamplona [19].
Send all available troops from Pamplona: 9 archers, 3 knights.
This will conquer Huesca, increasing my village count to 19.
Wait, if I send ALL troops from Pamplona, Pamplona will be left with 0 troops. Is that safe?
Pamplona is bordered by Zaragoza (very strong) and Huesca (weak, which I am attacking).
If I leave Pamplona empty, and the enemy attacks it, I will lose it.
But the enemy has no armies sighted. And Zaragoza has 63 troops, but they might not attack this turn.
To be safer, I can leave some troops in Pamplona, or send reinforcements from Burgos [14] to Pamplona.
Burgos has 4 spearman, 6 archer, 1 knight. I can send some to Pamplona.
March Burgos to Pamplona: Burgos [14] connects to [10], [12], [19]. So direct road to Pamplona!
"from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" - wait, Burgos to Madrid is 1 turn. Burgos to Pamplona: let's check the road network. Burgos [14] connects to [19] Pamplona. So it's a direct road.
Let's check the march distance from Burgos to Pamplona. It's not listed, but since they are connected, it's probably 1 or 2 turns.
If I send troops from Burgos to Pamplona, they will arrive in 1 or 2 turns. But I want to attack Huesca THIS turn.
If I send from Pamplona to Huesca, the troops march for 1 turn (medium speed). They will arrive next turn.
Wait! "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now."
So if I order the attack from Pamplona to Huesca, the troops start marching this turn and arrive next turn.
During this turn, Pamplona has the troops, so it is defended. Next turn, the troops arrive at Huesca and fight. If they win, they occupy Huesca. But during the march, Pamplona has 0 troops (if I send all). So on the next turn, Pamplona is vulnerable.
But the enemy writes their orders based on the snapshot of THIS turn, when Pamplona still has 12 troops. So they won't know Pamplona is empty until next turn!
This is a key mechanic: "the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now."
So the enemy cannot react to my movement of emptying Pamplona. They will write their orders based on Pamplona having 12 troops.
Thus, I can safely send all troops from Pamplona to Huesca, and next turn Pamplona will be empty, but the enemy's orders for next turn are already written based on the old state (or rather, the enemy's orders for THIS turn are written based on the current state, and their troops will move accordingly. If they ordered an attack on Pamplona, they would have to use troops they have now, and they would see Pamplona with 12 troops).
Actually, the enemy's movements this turn are based on the current map. If they decide to attack Pamplona, they will send troops from Zaragoza. But they have no armies sighted, so they might not.
To be extra safe, I can send some troops from Burgos to Pamplona to arrive after the attack on Huesca, or just leave Pamplona and rely on the fact that the enemy doesn't have an army nearby ready to attack.
Wait, Zaragoza is connected to Pamplona. If the enemy wants to attack Pamplona, they can send troops from Zaragoza. But Zaragoza is their capital/stronghold, they might be building there.
Let's look at the enemy's available troops:
Zaragoza: 21 spearmen, 11 archers, 29 knights.
If they send them to Pamplona, it would take 1 turn (fast). But they have no armies sighted, so they haven't ordered it yet. This turn, they might order it, but it will be based on the current state where Pamplona has 12 troops.
Let's send 9 archers, 3 knights from Pamplona to Huesca.
And to reinforce Pamplona for the future, I can send troops from Burgos to Pamplona.
Burgos has: 4 spearman, 6 archer, 1 knight.
Let's send 4 spearman, 6 archer, 1 knight from Burgos to Pamplona.
Wait, if I send all from Burgos, Burgos becomes empty. Burgos is interior, so it's safe from immediate attack.
Let's check Burgos's connections: [10] Vigo, [12] Madrid, [19] Pamplona. It's deep in my territory.
So sending all from Burgos to Pamplona is fine.

Let's also reinforce Valencia [16] or Teruel [13] to prepare for Castellon.
Valencia has 5 archer, 2 knight. Teruel has 4 archer, 1 knight.
I can send troops from Madrid to Teruel.
Madrid has 22 archers, 9 knights. Teruel is 2 fast turns away.
If I send 10 archers, 5 knights from Madrid to Teruel, they will arrive in 2 turns.
Or I can send from Toledo [8] to Teruel [13]. Toledo is 1 fast turn away.
Toledo has 2 spearman, 10 archer, 6 knight.
Let's send 5 archer, 3 knight from Toledo to Teruel. They will arrive in 1 turn.
And from Madrid, I can send some to Madrid's own defense or to Toledo to replace the sent troops.
Let's look at the builds I can do this turn.

Builds:
I want to build troops to replace the ones I send, and to grow my army.
Let's build in:
- Madrid [12]: build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Madrid has wood 30, iron 60. After build: wood 0, iron 30.
- Toledo [8]: build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Toledo has wood 30, iron 50. After build: wood 0, iron 20.
- Valencia [16]: build 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Valencia has wood 150, iron 110. After build: wood 40, iron 10.
- Pamplona [19]: build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Pamplona has wood 60, iron 40. After build: wood 10, iron 0.
- Burgos [14]: build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Burgos has wood 40, iron 100. After build: wood -30? Wait, wood is 40. 1 knight (30) + 2 archers (40) = 70 wood. I only have 40 wood!
So I can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 50 wood, 40 iron. I have 40 wood, so I can't build 50 wood.
Let's build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) in Burgos. After build: wood 10, iron 70.
- Lisboa [0]: build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Lisboa has wood 80, iron 70. After build: wood 20, iron 10.
- Santarem [1]: build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Santarem has wood 80, iron 60. After build: wood 20, iron 0.
- Coimbra [3]: build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Coimbra has wood 80, iron 70. After build: wood 20, iron 10.
- Faro [5]: build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Faro has wood 45, iron 50. After build: wood -5? 30+20=50 wood. I have 45. So build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 0 archers. Or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Let's build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). After build: wood 5, iron 30.
- Porto [6]: build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Porto has wood 85, iron 70. After build: wood 25, iron 10.
- Vigo [10]: build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Vigo has wood 80, iron 70. After build: wood 20, iron 10.
- Sevilha [9]: build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Sevilha has wood 80, iron 70. After build: wood 20, iron 10.
- Salamanca [7]: build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron). Salamanca has wood 50, iron 30. After build: wood 15, iron 20.
- Cordoba [11]: build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Cordoba has wood 30, iron 40. After build: wood 10, iron 30.
- Murcia [15]: build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Murcia has wood 30, iron 40. After build: wood 10, iron 30.
- Badajoz [4]: build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Badajoz has wood 80, iron 60. After build: wood 20, iron 0.
- Evora [2]: build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Evora has wood 80, iron 60. After build: wood 20, iron 0.

Let's review the movements:
1. From Pamplona [19] to Huesca [20]: 9 archers, 3 knights.
This attacks Huesca. March time: 1 medium turn.
2. From Burgos [14] to Pamplona [19]: 4 spearman, 6 archer, 1 knight.
This reinforces Pamplona. March time: 1 slow/medium turn?
Let's check the road: Burgos [14] to Pamplona [19]. It's a direct connection.
"march from [14] Burgos: ... to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
Since Pamplona is also a border village, the distance is probably similar, 1 turn.
Let's send 4 spearman, 6 archer, 1 knight.
3. From Toledo [8] to Teruel [13]: 5 archer, 3 knight.
Toledo has 2 spearman, 10 archer, 6 knight. Sending 5 archer, 3 knight leaves 2 spearman, 5 archer, 3 knight in Toledo.
March Toledo to Teruel: 1 fast turn.
4. From Madrid [12] to Madrid [12] (no movement, just keep troops).
Wait, I can send troops from Madrid to Toledo to replace the ones sent from Toledo.
Madrid to Toledo: 1 fast turn.
Let's send 5 archer, 3 knight from Madrid to Toledo.
Madrid has 22 archer, 9 knight. Sending 5 archer, 3 knight leaves 17 archer, 6 knight in Madrid.
This way, Toledo is reinforced after the troops leave for Teruel.
Actually, orders are simultaneous. If I send from Toledo to Teruel, and from Madrid to Toledo, the troops from Madrid will arrive in Toledo next turn, while the troops from Toledo leave for Teruel this turn. So Toledo's garrison will be depleted for one turn, but it's interior and safe.
Let's do this:
- Movement 1: Pamplona [19] -> Huesca [20]: 9 archers, 3 knights.
- Movement 2: Burgos [14] -> Pamplona [19]: 4 spearman, 6 archers, 1 knight.
- Movement 3: Toledo [8] -> Teruel [13]: 5 archers, 3 knights.
- Movement 4: Madrid [12] -> Toledo [8]: 5 archers, 3 knights.
- Movement 5: Salamanca [7] -> Madrid [12]: 3 archers, 2 knights. (Salamanca has 1 spearman, 6 archer, 6 knight. Sending 3 archers, 2 knights leaves 1 spearman, 3 archers, 4 knights). Salamanca to Madrid is 1 turn.

Let's check if I have enough troops in the source villages:
- Pamplona [19]: 9 archers, 3 knights. Yes, available: 9 archer, 3 knight.
- Burgos [14]: 4 spearman, 6 archers, 1 knight. Yes, available: 4 spearman, 6 archer, 1 knight.
- Toledo [8]: 5 archers, 3 knights. Available: 2 spearman, 10 archer, 6 knight. Yes.
- Madrid [12]: 5 archers, 3 knights. Available: 22 archer, 9 knight. Yes.
- Salamanca [7]: 3 archers, 2 knights. Available: 1 spearman, 6 archer, 6 knight. Yes.

Let's double check the attack on Huesca.
Huesca garrison: 4 spearmen, 2 knights. Effective defense: 15.
My attacking force: 9 archers, 3 knights.
Most numerous: archers (9).
Defender most numerous: spearmen (4).
Archer counters spearman -> 1.5x bonus to my archers.
My archer attack: 2 * 1.5 = 3 each. 9 archers = 27 attack.
My knight attack: 4 each. 3 knights = 12 attack.
Total attack = 39.
Defense = 15.
39 > 15. I win easily.
Losses: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
Attrition is usually proportional to the loser's effective force. Since my force is much larger, losses will be small.
After conquering Huesca, I will have 19 villages.

Let's write the plan and statement.
Plan: "Attack Huesca from Pamplona to secure our northern border and increase our village count to 19. Reinforce Pamplona from Burgos, and shift troops from Madrid and Salamanca to Toledo and Teruel to prepare for the next push into Castellon and Zaragoza. Build archers and knights across all interior villages to maintain momentum."
Statement: "Our scouts report Huesca is weakly defended. We march from Pamplona to strike them down, while reinforcing our borders from Burgos, Madrid, and Salamanca. The army grows, and the enemy's time is running out."

Let's format the JSON.
Builds:
I will list a few key builds to show activity, but the prompt says "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."
Let's list builds for the major villages:
- Madrid: 1 knight
- Toledo: 1 knight
- Valencia: 3 knights, 1 archer
- Pamplona: 1 knight, 1 archer
- Burgos: 1 knight
- Lisboa: 2 knights
- Santarem: 2 knights
- Coimbra: 2 knights
- Faro: 2 archers
- Porto: 2 knights
- Vigo: 2 knights
- Sevilha: 2 knights
- Salamanca: 1 archer, 1 spearman
- Cordoba: 1 archer
- Murcia: 1 archer
- Badajoz: 2 knights
- Evora: 2 knights

Let's make sure the quantities and types are valid.
- Madrid: wood 30, iron 60. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Valid.
- Toledo: wood 30, iron 50. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Valid.
- Valencia: wood 150, iron 110. 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 110 wood, 100 iron. Valid.
- Pamplona: wood 60, iron 40. 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 50 wood, 40 iron. Valid.
- Burgos: wood 40, iron 100. 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Valid.
- Lisboa: wood 80, iron 70. 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Valid.
- Santarem: wood 80, iron 60. 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Valid.
- Coimbra: wood 80, iron 70. 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Valid.
- Faro: wood 45, iron 50. 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Valid.
- Porto: wood 85, iron 70. 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Valid.
- Vigo: wood 80, iron 70. 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Valid.
- Sevilha: wood 80, iron 70. 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Valid.
- Salamanca: wood 50, iron 30. 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) = 35 wood, 10 iron. Valid.
- Cordoba: wood 30, iron 40. 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Valid.
- Murcia: wood 30, iron 40. 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Valid.
- Badajoz: wood 80, iron 60. 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Valid.
- Evora: wood 80, iron 60. 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Valid.

Let's check the movements again.
- fromId: 19, toId: 20, troops: {"archer": 9, "knight": 3}
- fromId: 14, toId: 19, troops: {"spearman": 4, "archer": 6, "knight": 1}
- fromId: 8, toId: 13, troops: {"archer": 5, "knight": 3}
- fromId: 12, toId: 8, troops: {"archer": 5, "knight": 3}
- fromId: 7, toId: 12, troops: {"archer": 3, "knight": 2}

Wait, is there any other movement?
I can also send from Valencia [16] to Teruel [13] to reinforce it.
Valencia has 5 archer, 2 knight. If I send them to Teruel, Valencia becomes empty. But Valencia is a border village (bordered by Castellon). It's better to keep some there, or send from Murcia [15] to Valencia [16].
Murcia has 2 archers. I can send 2 archers from Murcia to Valencia.
Let's add:
- fromId: 15, toId: 16, troops: {"archer": 2}
Murcia has 2 archers. Sending them leaves Murcia empty, but Murcia is interior (bordered by Cordoba and Valencia). It's safe.

Let's review the JSON structure.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 12, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 8, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "knight", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 19, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 19, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 14, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 3, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 5, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 6, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 10, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 9, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 7, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 7, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 11, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 15, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 4, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 19, "toId": 20, "troops": {"archer": 9, "knight": 3}},
    {"fromId": 14, "toId": 19, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 6, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 8, "toId": 13, "troops": {"archer": 5, "knight": 3}},
    {"fromId": 12, "toId": 8, "troops": {"archer": 5, "knight": 3}},
    {"fromId": 7, "toId": 12, "troops": {"archer": 3, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 15, "toId": 16, "troops": {"archer": 2}}
  ],
  "plan": "Attack Huesca from Pamplona to secure our northern border and increase our village count to 19. Reinforce Pamplona from Burgos, and shift troops from Madrid and Salamanca to Toledo and Teruel to prepare for the next push into Castellon and Zaragoza. Build archers and knights across all interior villages to maintain momentum.",
  "statement": "Our scouts report Huesca is weakly defended. We march from Pamplona to strike them down, while reinforcing our borders from Burgos, Madrid, and Salamanca. The army grows, and the enemy's time is running out."
}

Let's double check if I can build in all these villages.
- [0] Lisboa: wood 80, iron 70. 2 knights -> 60 wood, 60 iron. OK.
- [1] Santarem: wood 80, iron 60. 2 knights -> 60 wood, 60 iron. OK.
- [2] Evora: wood 80, iron 60. 2 knights -> 60 wood, 60 iron. OK.
- [3] Coimbra: wood 80, iron 70. 2 knights -> 60 wood, 60 iron. OK.
- [4] Badajoz: wood 80, iron 60. 2 knights -> 60 wood, 60 iron. OK.
- [5] Faro: wood 45, iron 50. 2 archers -> 40 wood, 20 iron. OK.
- [6] Porto: wood 85, iron 70. 2 knights -> 60 wood, 60 iron. OK.
- [7] Salamanca: wood 50, iron 30. 1 archer, 1 spearman -> 35 wood, 10 iron. OK.
- [8] Toledo: wood 30, iron 50. 1 knight -> 30 wood, 30 iron. OK.
- [9] Sevilha: wood 80, iron 70. 2 knights -> 60 wood, 60 iron. OK.
- [10] Vigo: wood 80, iron 70. 2 knights -> 60 wood, 60 iron. OK.
- [11] Cordoba: wood 30, iron 40. 1 archer -> 20 wood, 10 iron. OK.
- [12] Madrid: wood 30, iron 60. 1 knight -> 30 wood, 30 iron. OK.
- [13] Teruel: wood 50, iron 40. No build ordered. (It has 5 troops, cap 300).
- [14] Burgos: wood 40, iron 100. 1 knight -> 30 wood, 30 iron. OK.
- [15] Murcia: wood 30, iron 40. 1 archer -> 20 wood, 10 iron. OK.
- [16] Valencia: wood 150, iron 110. 3 knights, 1 archer -> 110 wood, 100 iron. OK.
- [19] Pamplona: wood 60, iron 40. 1 knight, 1 archer -> 50 wood, 40 iron. OK.

Everything looks perfectly valid and within the rules.
The plan is solid: attack the weak Huesca, reinforce the borders, and build up the army.
The JSON format is correct.
I will output only the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"arqueiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":19,"destinoId":20,"tropas":{"arqueiro":9,"cavaleiro":3}},{"origemId":14,"destinoId":19,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":6,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":8,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"arqueiro":5,"cavaleiro":3}},{"origemId":12,"destinoId":8,"tropas":{"arqueiro":5,"cavaleiro":3}},{"origemId":7,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":15,"destinoId":16,"tropas":{"arqueiro":2}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [0]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [0]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [1]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [1]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [2]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [2]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [3]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [3]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [4]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [4]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [6]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [6]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [8]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [9]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [9]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [10]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [10]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [11]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [12]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [14]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [15]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [16]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [16]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [16]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [16]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [19]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [19]
ACEITO envio [19]->[20]: 9A+3K
ACEITO envio [14]->[19]: 4S+6A+1K
ACEITO envio [8]->[13]: 5A+3K
ACEITO envio [12]->[8]: 5A+3K
ACEITO envio [7]->[12]: 3A+2K
ACEITO envio [15]->[16]: 2A
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Attack Huesca from Pamplona to secure our northern border and increase our village count to 19. Reinforce Pamplona from Burgos, and shift troops from Madrid and Salamanca to Toledo and Teruel to prepare for the next push into Castellon and Zaragoza. Build archers and knights across all interior villages to maintain momentum.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): Our scouts report Huesca is weakly defended. We march from Pamplona to strike them down, while reinforcing our borders from Burgos, Madrid, and Salamanca. The army grows, and the enemy's time is running out.
########## TURNO 27 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3710 | resposta 11368 | raciocinio 8244 | finish stop | ms 107971
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 17, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 11, \"archer\": 6, \"knight\": 15}},\n    {\"fromId\": 21, \"toId\": 18, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 23, \"toId\": 20, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 3}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Attack Teruel from Zaragoza to expand territory and weaken King A. Reinforce Castellon from Tarragona and Huesca from Girona to secure borders against enemy counter-attacks. Build knights and archers in all villages to maintain military strength and leverage the counter triangle against enemy archers.\",\n  \"statement\": \"We must strike fast and secure our borders. I am sending the Zaragoza garrison to conquer Teruel, while reinforcing Castellon and Huesca to protect against King A's forces. Our economy is strong, and we will build knights and archers to maintain the offensive.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B in a turn-based strategy game.
I need to:
1. Analyze the current state (Turn 27).
2. Formulate a plan and a statement.
3. Provide a valid JSON object with "build", "movements", "plan", and "statement".

Let's look at the current state:
- My villages (6): Barcelona (22), Tarragona (21), Girona (23), Castellon (18), Zaragoza (17), Huesca (20).
- Total soldiers at home: 100 (47 spearman, 12 archer, 41 knight).
- Resources per village: ~30 wood, ~20 iron per turn.
- Village capacities: Cap is 300 troops. Currently all are well below 300 (Barcelona 9, Tarragona 6, Girona 9, Castellon 9, Zaragoza 61, Huesca 6).
- Enemy villages visible: Valencia (16), Teruel (13), Madrid (12), Pamplona (19). All are King A's.
- Enemy capital: Lisboa (0), unexplored.
- Goal: Hold at least 18 of the 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. Currently hold 6.
- Enemy has many villages, some are far away (e.g. Lisboa, Porto, Vigo, etc.).
- Let's check the map size: 24 villages total. I have 6, so the enemy has 18 (or some are neutral, but the prompt says "eliminate every enemy village" or "hold 18").
- Wait, the prompt says "The villages listed under YOUR VILLAGES are yours... hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages... You currently hold 6 of 24."
- Let's look at the enemy's visible villages:
  - [16] Valencia: 5 archers, 2 knights. Def 18.
  - [13] Teruel: 4 archers, 1 knight. Def 13.
  - [12] Madrid: 22 archers, 9 knights. Def 78.
  - [19] Pamplona: 9 archers, 3 knights. Def 30.
  - Known from before: Murcia, Burgos, Salamanca, Toledo, Cordoba, Badajoz, Porto, Vigo. All enemy.
  - Unexplored: Coimbra, Sevilha, Faro, Santarem, Lisboa (capital), Evora.
  - So the enemy has a lot of villages, and I need to either conquer 18 (which means taking 12 more, total 18) or eliminate all enemy villages. Eliminating all enemy villages is probably easier if they are scattered, but they have a capital and many strongholds. Or maybe I should build up my economy and army to expand.
  - Let's look at the troop production:
    - spearman: 15 wood + 0 iron.
    - archer: 20 wood + 10 iron.
    - knight: 30 wood + 30 iron.
  - Let's check my resources:
    - Barcelona: wood 95, iron 70. Can build 6 spearman (90 wood), or 3 knight (90 wood, 90 iron - not enough iron, only 70). Can build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and some spearman.
    - Tarragona: wood 95, iron 60. Can build 4 spearman, or 3 archers, or 2 knights.
    - Girona: wood 95, iron 60.
    - Castellon: wood 95, iron 70.
    - Zaragoza: wood 90, iron 60. Has 61 troops. Can build 21 spearman, 11 archer, 29 knight. But wait, cap is 300, currently 61, so can build up to 239. But resources limit: wood 90, iron 60.
      - With wood 90, iron 60:
      - Max knights: 2 (60 wood, 60 iron).
      - Max archers: 3 (60 wood, 30 iron) or 4 (80 wood - not enough).
      - Max spearmen: 6 (90 wood).
      - Let's build a mix or just knights/archers. Knights are strong but expensive. Archers are good.
    - Huesca: wood 90, iron 60.

Let's look at the combat rules:
- spearman: attack 1, defense 2, slow.
- archer: attack 2, defense 2, medium.
- knight: attack 4, defense 2, fast.
- Counter triangle: spearman counters knight (1.5x), archer counters spearman (1.5x), knight counters archer (1.5x).
- Most numerous type sets the counter matchup.
- Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village, x1.5 in a castle. In open field (on road), no bonus.
- The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. Tie favors defender.
- Winner takes losses (attrition against loser's effective force).
- "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again."

Let's look at the march distances:
- Castellon to Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. (Valencia is enemy).
- Castellon to Teruel: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- Zaragoza to Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- Zaragoza to Pamplona: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- Zaragoza to Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns? (Wait, road network: Teruel is [13], connected to [8], [16], [17], [18]. So Zaragoza [17] to Teruel [13] is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns? The report says: "march from [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Madrid, and "march from [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Pamplona. For Teruel, it says "march from [18] Castellon: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". Let's check road network: [13] Teruel is connected to [17] Zaragoza and [18] Castellon. So from Zaragoza it should be 1 turn, from Castellon 2 turns or vice versa. The report says "march from [18] Castellon: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Teruel. So from Zaragoza it's probably 1 turn).

Let's look at the enemy's last actions:
- King A attacked [16] Valencia: VICTORY, conquered. (Wait, Valencia was mine or neutral? "you attacked here 1x in the last 8 turns (1 conquered)" but now it says "ENEMY (King A)". So King A conquered Valencia).
- A reinforcement of King A (4 archers, 2 knights) arrived at [19] Pamplona.

My current troops:
- Barcelona: 9 troops (6 spear, 3 knight). Available to send: 6 spear, 3 knight.
- Tarragona: 6 troops (4 spear, 2 knight). Available: 4 spear, 2 knight.
- Girona: 9 troops (6 spear, 3 knight). Available: 6 spear, 3 knight.
- Castellon: 9 troops (6 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight). Available: 6 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight.
- Zaragoza: 61 troops (21 spear, 11 archer, 29 knight). Available: 21 spear, 11 archer, 29 knight.
- Huesca: 6 troops (4 spear, 2 knight). Available: 4 spear, 2 knight.

Let's think about strategy.
I need to expand. The enemy has Madrid with 22 archers, 9 knights (Def 78). That's a big garrison.
Valencia has 5 archers, 2 knights (Def 18). Teruel has 4 archers, 1 knight (Def 13). Pamplona has 9 archers, 3 knights (Def 30).
If I attack Valencia from Castellon: I can send 6 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight.
Let's calculate the attack power:
- Spearman: attack 1. Archer: attack 2. Knight: attack 4.
- If I send 6 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight:
  - Most numerous: spearman (6). So the matchup is spearman vs whatever the defender's most numerous is.
  - Defender in Valencia: 5 archers, 2 knights. Most numerous: archer (5).
  - Spearman vs Archer: Archer counters spearman! So the defender gets the counter bonus?
  - Wait, the rule says: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
  - My most numerous: spearman. Defender's most numerous: archer.
  - Archer counters spearman. So the defender gets the 1.5x bonus? Or does the attacker's most numerous (spearman) get countered by defender's most numerous (archer)?
  - "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counts spearman; knight counts archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
  - So if my most numerous is spearman, and defender's most numerous is archer, the defender has the counter (archer counts spearman), so defender's force is multiplied by 1.5.
  - Let's check the effective force calculation.
  - Attacker force: 6 spear (attack 1) + 1 archer (attack 2) + 2 knight (attack 4) = 6*1 + 1*2 + 2*4 = 6 + 2 + 8 = 16 attack power.
  - Defender force: 5 archers (defense 2) + 2 knights (defense 2). Wait, defense values: spearman 2, archer 2, knight 2. All have defense 2!
  - So defender defense: 5*2 + 2*2 = 14 defense.
  - But defender is in a village, so defense counts x1.25. Effective defense is already given as 18.
  - If defender has counter (archer counts spearman), defender's effective force is multiplied by 1.5? Or is it just the archer part?
  - "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup... Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
  - Usually, the whole force is multiplied by 1.5 if the most numerous type has the counter.
  - If defender has counter: 18 * 1.5 = 27.
  - If attacker has counter: 16 * 1.5 = 24.
  - In this case, defender has archer (most numerous) vs spearman (my most numerous). So defender has counter. Defender force = 27. Attacker force = 16. Defender wins easily.
  - What if I send knights? If I send 3 knights (attack 4 each = 12) and some archers.
  - Let's look at Zaragoza: 21 spear, 11 archer, 29 knight.
  - I can send a large army from Zaragoza to Madrid or Teruel or Pamplona.
  - Zaragoza to Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Madrid has 22 archers, 9 knights (Def 78).
  - Zaragoza to Pamplona: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Pamplona has 9 archers, 3 knights (Def 30).
  - Zaragoza to Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns (implied by road network). Teruel has 4 archers, 1 knight (Def 13).
  - Let's check if I can send troops from Zaragoza to Teruel. Yes, road network: [17] Zaragoza is connected to [13] Teruel.
  - If I send a big stack from Zaragoza to Teruel:
    - Teruel has 4 archers, 1 knight. Def 13.
    - I can send, say, 10 knights, 5 archers, 5 spearman.
    - Let's calculate: 10 knights (attack 4) + 5 archers (attack 2) + 5 spearman (attack 1) = 40 + 10 + 5 = 55 attack.
    - Defender: 4 archers, 1 knight. Most numerous: archer (4). My most numerous: knight (10).
    - Knight counts archer! So I have the counter. My force is multiplied by 1.5: 55 * 1.5 = 82.5.
    - Defender effective defense is 13. Even with counter (if they had it, but they don't because knight counts archer, so I count them). So 82.5 vs 13, I win massively.
    - But wait, can I afford to send 10 knights? Knight costs 30 wood + 30 iron.
    - Zaragoza has 90 wood, 60 iron. It can only build 2 knights per turn (60 wood, 60 iron). It already has 29 knights at home.
    - Wait, "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 21 spearman, 11 archer, 29 knight". This means these are already built and sitting in Zaragoza!
    - Ah! "troops at home: 61 / 300. AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 21 spearman, 11 archer, 29 knight."
    - Yes, they are already built! I don't need to build them this turn, I can just send them!
    - Oh, that's great. I have a huge army sitting in Zaragoza: 29 knights, 11 archers, 21 spearmen.
    - Let's check the other villages:
      - Barcelona: 9 troops (6 spear, 3 knight).
      - Tarragona: 6 troops (4 spear, 2 knight).
      - Girona: 9 troops (6 spear, 3 knight).
      - Castellon: 9 troops (6 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight).
      - Huesca: 6 troops (4 spear, 2 knight).
    - So I have a total of 100 troops at home, with 61 in Zaragoza.
    - I can send a massive army from Zaragoza to attack Teruel or Madrid or Pamplona.
    - Let's look at the distances:
      - Zaragoza to Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. (Since Teruel is [13], connected to [17] Zaragoza. The report says "march from [18] Castellon: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Teruel, so from Zaragoza it's likely 1 turn).
      - Zaragoza to Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
      - Zaragoza to Pamplona: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
    - If I attack Teruel (Def 13), I can send a huge force and conquer it quickly.
    - If I attack Madrid (Def 78), it's much harder but has 22 archers, 9 knights. If I conquer Madrid, I get a big village and reduce enemy's power.
    - But Madrid is very strong (Def 78). Let's see if I can beat it.
    - If I send all 61 troops from Zaragoza: 21 spear, 11 archer, 29 knight.
      - Most numerous: knight (29).
      - Defender most numerous: archer (22).
      - Knight counts archer! So I get the counter (1.5x).
      - My attack power: 21*1 + 11*2 + 29*4 = 21 + 22 + 116 = 159.
      - With counter: 159 * 1.5 = 238.5.
      - Defender effective defense: 78.
      - 238.5 vs 78. I win!
      - But wait, "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
      - Attrition is usually proportional to the loser's force. Loser's force is 78. So I will take some losses, but probably not all of them.
      - Let's check if I can send reinforcements from other villages to Zaragoza, or directly to Madrid.
      - "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
      - So if I send from Zaragoza and from Castellon to Madrid, they will fight separately. Castellon is 2 turns away from Madrid? Road network: Castellon [18] to Madrid [12] is via Teruel [13] or Zaragoza [17]. So it's at least 2 turns.
      - If I send from Zaragoza, it arrives in 1 turn (fast) or 1 slow turn.
      - Let's check the march time: "march from [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So if I send knights (fast), it takes 1 turn. If I send spearmen (slow), it takes 1 turn? Wait, "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast? Or does it mean 1 turn for the whole mixed army?
      - "A MIXED army marches at the speed of its SLOWEST troop."
      - So if I send a mixed army, it marches at the speed of the slowest troop (spearman). The report says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" which means if I send only spearmen, it takes 1 slow turn. If only archers, 1 medium turn. If only knights, 1 fast turn. Since they are all "1", it means the distance is 1 unit, so it takes 1 turn regardless of speed, but the turn count is the same.
      - Wait, "march from [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means the distance is such that slow troops take 1 turn, medium 1 turn, fast 1 turn. So it's a very short distance (1 road segment).
      - Let's check the road network: [17] Zaragoza to [12] Madrid is 1 segment. So it takes 1 turn.
      - [17] Zaragoza to [13] Teruel is 1 segment. So it takes 1 turn.
      - [17] Zaragoza to [19] Pamplona is 1 segment? Road network: [17] Zaragoza to [19] Pamplona is connected directly. But the report says "march from [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Pamplona. Why 2 slow? Ah, maybe the road is longer or has some terrain. Let's trust the report: "march from [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So if I send spearmen, it takes 2 turns; archers 1 turn; knights 1 turn.
      - If I send a mixed army, it takes 2 turns (slowest is spearman).
      - So to minimize travel time, I should send only knights and archers if I want them to arrive faster, or just accept the slow speed if I send spearmen too.
      - But wait, if I send them now, they arrive on Turn 28 (if 1 turn) or Turn 29 (if 2 turns).
      - Let's look at the enemy's actions last turn:
        - King A attacked [16] Valencia: VICTORY, conquered.
        - A reinforcement of King A (4 archers, 2 knights) arrived at [19] Pamplona.
      - This means Valencia is now enemy. I lost a border village.
      - My border villages: Castellon (borders Valencia [16] and Teruel [13]), Zaragoza (borders Madrid [12], Teruel [13], Pamplona [19]), Huesca (borders Pamplona [19]).
      - I need to secure my borders and expand.
      - Let's look at the enemy's possible targets. They might attack Castellon or Zaragoza or Huesca.
      - Castellon has 9 troops (Def 23). Valencia has 5 archers, 2 knights (Def 18). If they attack Castellon, they might win or lose.
      - Zaragoza has 61 troops (Def 153). Very strong. They are unlikely to attack Zaragoza.
      - Huesca has 6 troops (Def 15). Weak! Pamplona has 9 archers, 3 knights (Def 30). They could attack Huesca and conquer it.
      - I should reinforce Huesca or send troops from Zaragoza to Huesca to protect it.
      - Zaragoza to Huesca: road network [17] Zaragoza to [20] Huesca. It's 1 segment. March time: "from here to your nearest border village [20] Huesca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" (from Girona? No, the report says "from here to your nearest border village [20] Huesca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Girona [23]. For Zaragoza, it's connected to [20] Huesca directly. Let's assume 1 turn).
      - Let's check the report for Huesca: "march from [17] Zaragoza: ... " - wait, the report doesn't list Huesca under "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" because it's MY village! It lists it under "YOUR VILLAGES".
      - Under "YOUR VILLAGES", Huesca says: "from here to your nearest border village [19] Pamplona: ... " wait, no, it says "BORDER with [19] (enemy)". It doesn't list march times to other of my villages, but the road network shows [17] Zaragoza is connected to [20] Huesca.
      - Let's check the road network:
        - [17] Zaragoza: [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]
        - [20] Huesca: [17], [19], [23]
        - So Zaragoza to Huesca is 1 segment.
      - I can send some troops from Zaragoza to Huesca to reinforce it.
      - Let's decide on the main attack.
      - I want to conquer Teruel [13] or Madrid [12] or Pamplona [19].
      - Teruel is weak (Def 13). It's close to Zaragoza and Castellon.
      - If I send a big army from Zaragoza to Teruel:
        - Let's send 10 knights, 5 archers, 5 spearman.
        - Wait, I can send more. Zaragoza has 29 knights, 11 archers, 21 spear.
        - Let's send 15 knights, 10 archers, 10 spear.
        - Attack power: 15*4 + 10*2 + 10*1 = 60 + 20 + 10 = 90.
        - Most numerous: knight (15). Defender most numerous: archer (4).
        - Knight counts archer -> I get counter (1.5x). Effective attack = 90 * 1.5 = 135.
        - Defender defense = 13.
        - 135 vs 13. I win with huge advantage.
        - Losses: I will lose some troops, but since my force is much larger, losses will be small.
        - Let's check the attrition rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
        - Usually, attrition is a fraction of the loser's force. If loser's force is 13, I might lose 1-2 knights or some spearmen.
        - This is a very safe attack.
      - What about Madrid? Def 78.
        - If I send all 61 troops: 29 knight, 11 archer, 21 spear.
        - Attack power: 29*4 + 11*2 + 21*1 = 116 + 22 + 21 = 159.
        - Counter: knight (29) vs archer (22). I get counter. 159 * 1.5 = 238.5.
        - Defender defense: 78.
        - 238.5 vs 78. I win.
        - But losses will be higher because defender's force is 78. I might lose a significant portion of my army.
        - Also, if I send all troops from Zaragoza, Zaragoza will be empty (0 troops). If the enemy attacks Zaragoza while it's empty, I lose it!
        - Currently, Zaragoza is bordered by Madrid, Teruel, Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona.
        - If I empty Zaragoza, and the enemy attacks from Madrid or Pamplona, they could conquer my capital-like major city (Zaragoza is a big village with 61 troops, but if empty, it's vulnerable).
        - So I should not send ALL troops from Zaragoza. I should leave a decent garrison, say 10 knights, 5 archers, 10 spearmen, to defend it.
        - Let's send 15 knights, 6 archers, 11 spearmen to Teruel.
        - That leaves 14 knights, 5 archers, 10 spearmen in Zaragoza (total 29 troops). That's a decent defense.
        - Let's calculate the attack force for Teruel with 15 knights, 6 archers, 11 spearmen:
          - Attack: 15*4 + 6*2 + 11*1 = 60 + 12 + 11 = 83.
          - Counter: knight (15) vs archer (4). 83 * 1.5 = 124.5.
          - Defender: 13. Easy win.
        - What about Pamplona? Def 30.
          - Pamplona has 9 archers, 3 knights.
          - If I attack Pamplona from Zaragoza: march time is 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. If I send mixed, it takes 2 turns.
          - If I send only knights and archers, it takes 1 turn.
          - Let's say I send 10 knights, 5 archers.
          - Attack: 10*4 + 5*2 = 50.
          - Most numerous: knight (10). Defender most numerous: archer (9).
          - Knight counts archer -> counter. 50 * 1.5 = 75.
          - Defender defense: 30.
          - 75 vs 30. I win, but losses will be higher than Teruel.
          - Teruel is weaker (Def 13) and closer (1 turn). So Teruel is the best first target.
    - Let's look at Castellon. It borders Valencia (enemy, Def 18) and Teruel (enemy, Def 13).
      - Castellon has 9 troops (6 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight).
      - I can send some troops from Castellon to attack Valencia or Teruel.
      - Valencia is 1 turn away. Def 18 (5 archers, 2 knights).
      - If I send all 9 troops from Castellon: 6 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight.
        - Attack: 6*1 + 1*2 + 2*4 = 16.
        - Most numerous: spearman (6). Defender most numerous: archer (5).
        - Archer counts spearman -> defender gets counter.
        - Defender defense: 18. With counter: 18 * 1.5 = 27.
        - My attack: 16. No counter. 16 vs 27. I lose!
        - So I cannot attack Valencia with just Castellon's troops.
        - What if I send only knights? 2 knights (attack 8). Defender: 5 archers, 2 knights. Most numerous: archer (5). My most numerous: knight (2). Knight counts archer -> I get counter! 8 * 1.5 = 12. Defender defense 18. 12 vs 18, I still lose.
        - What if I send 3 knights? But Castellon only has 2 knights.
        - So Castellon cannot attack Valencia alone. I need to reinforce Castellon first, or attack from Zaragoza.
    - Let's look at Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona. They are interior, no enemy border.
      - I can send troops from them to reinforce Castellon or Zaragoza.
      - Barcelona to Castellon: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
      - Tarragona to Castellon: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
      - Girona to Huesca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
      - I can send troops from Tarragona to Castellon to reinforce it.
      - Tarragona has 4 spear, 2 knight. I can send them to Castellon.
      - Castellon will then have 9 + 6 = 15 troops.
      - But they take 1 turn to arrive. So they will be there next turn.
    - Let's think about building troops this turn.
      - I have resources in all villages.
      - Let's build knights in Zaragoza and Barcelona, as knights are the most powerful and I need them.
      - Zaragoza: wood 90, iron 60. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
      - Barcelona: wood 95, iron 70. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron) or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 2 knights and 2 spearman (60+30=90 wood, 60 iron).
      - Tarragona: wood 95, iron 60. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
      - Girona: wood 95, iron 60. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
      - Castellon: wood 95, iron 70. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and 2 spearman (30 wood).
      - Huesca: wood 90, iron 60. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
      - Building knights everywhere will give me a lot of fast, powerful troops.
      - Let's check the build orders:
        - Barcelona: 2 knight, 2 spearman.
        - Tarragona: 2 knight.
        - Girona: 2 knight.
        - Castellon: 2 knight, 2 spearman.
        - Zaragoza: 2 knight.
        - Huesca: 2 knight.
        - Total knights built: 12. Total spearman: 4.
        - This is a solid production.

Let's refine the movement orders.
I want to attack Teruel [13] from Zaragoza [17].
Let's send: 15 knights, 6 archers, 11 spearmen from Zaragoza to Teruel.
Wait, Zaragoza has 29 knights, 11 archers, 21 spearmen.
If I send 15 knights, 6 archers, 11 spearmen, I leave 14 knights, 5 archers, 10 spearmen in Zaragoza.
Let's check if I can send archers and spearmen. Yes, they are available.
Let's also send reinforcements from Tarragona [21] to Castellon [18] to protect the border.
Tarragona has 4 spear, 2 knight. Let's send all of them: 4 spear, 2 knight to Castellon.
Castellon will then have more troops to defend against Valencia.
Let's also send troops from Barcelona [22] to Tarragona [21] or Girona [23] to keep the interior safe, or just keep them for later.
Actually, Barcelona has 6 spear, 3 knight. I can send 3 knight to Zaragoza to reinforce the capital region? No, Zaragoza is already strong.
Let's send 3 knight from Barcelona to Castellon? Barcelona to Castellon is 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. It takes 2 turns. They will arrive too late for this turn's defense, but they will join Castellon next turn.
Let's send 3 knight from Girona [23] to Huesca [20] to defend Huesca, which is weak (6 troops) and borders Pamplona (enemy, Def 30).
Girona to Huesca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So 1 turn.
Girona has 6 spear, 3 knight. Let's send 3 knight to Huesca.
Huesca will then have 6 spear, 2 knight + 3 knight = 6 spear, 5 knight. Much better defense!
Let's check Huesca's defense: currently 6 troops (4 spear, 2 knight). Def 15.
If I send 3 knight from Girona, Huesca will have 4 spear, 5 knight.
Let's calculate the defense of Huesca with 4 spear, 5 knight:
- Most numerous: knight (5) or spearman (4)? Knight is 5, spearman is 4. So knight is most numerous.
- Defender most numerous: knight. Attacker most numerous (if Pamplona attacks): Pamplona has 9 archers, 3 knight. Most numerous: archer (9).
- Knight counts archer -> defender (Huesca) gets counter!
- So Huesca's defense will be very strong.
- Let's do this: send 3 knight from Girona to Huesca.

Let's review the movements:
1. Zaragoza [17] to Teruel [13]: 15 knights, 6 archers, 11 spearmen. (Attack Teruel)
2. Tarragona [21] to Castellon [18]: 4 spearmen, 2 knights. (Reinforce Castellon)
3. Girona [23] to Huesca [20]: 3 knights. (Reinforce Huesca)

Let's double check the troop counts and availability:
- Zaragoza: 21 spear, 11 archer, 29 knight.
  - Send: 11 spear, 6 archer, 15 knight.
  - Remaining: 10 spear, 5 archer, 14 knight. (Total 29 troops). Good.
- Tarragona: 4 spear, 2 knight.
  - Send: 4 spear, 2 knight.
  - Remaining: 0. Good.
- Girona: 6 spear, 3 knight.
  - Send: 3 knight.
  - Remaining: 6 spear. Good.

Let's check if there are any other movements.
What about Barcelona? It has 6 spear, 3 knight. I can keep them for now, or send 3 knight to Tarragona to rebuild it? No, Tarragona is empty now, but it's interior and not under immediate threat. Better to keep them in Barcelona to build up.

Let's check the build orders:
- Barcelona: wood 95, iron 70. Build 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron), 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron). Total 90 wood, 60 iron. Remaining: 5 wood, 10 iron.
- Tarragona: wood 95, iron 60. Build 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron). Remaining: 35 wood, 0 iron.
- Girona: wood 95, iron 60. Build 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron). Remaining: 35 wood, 0 iron.
- Castellon: wood 95, iron 70. Build 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron), 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron). Total 90 wood, 60 iron. Remaining: 5 wood, 10 iron.
- Zaragoza: wood 90, iron 60. Build 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron). Remaining: 30 wood, 0 iron.
- Huesca: wood 90, iron 60. Build 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron). Remaining: 30 wood, 0 iron.

This build order is very aggressive on knights, which are the best troops. It uses almost all iron and wood efficiently.
Let's check if I can build archers instead of some spearmen.
Archer costs 20 wood + 10 iron.
In Barcelona, I have 10 iron left if I build 2 knights. I can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). But I only have 5 wood left after 2 knights and 2 spearmen? No, 2 knights (60 wood) + 2 spearman (30 wood) = 90 wood. I have 95 wood, so 5 wood left. Not enough for archer (needs 20 wood).
What if I build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron)? Total 80 wood, 70 iron. Remaining: 15 wood, 0 iron. This is better because archers are more powerful than spearmen (attack 2 vs 1, same defense 2, but medium speed vs slow).
Let's do that for Barcelona: 2 knight, 1 archer.
For Castellon: 2 knight, 1 archer (80 wood, 70 iron). Remaining: 15 wood, 0 iron.
For Zaragoza: 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron). Remaining: 30 wood, 0 iron. Can I build 1 archer? Needs 20 wood, 10 iron. But I have 0 iron left. So no.
For Tarragona: 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron). Remaining: 35 wood, 0 iron. Can build 1 archer? Needs 10 iron, but I have 0. So no.
For Girona: 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron). Remaining: 35 wood, 0 iron. No archer.
For Huesca: 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron). Remaining: 30 wood, 0 iron. No archer.

So the build orders:
- Barcelona: 2 knight, 1 archer.
- Tarragona: 2 knight.
- Girona: 2 knight.
- Castellon: 2 knight, 1 archer.
- Zaragoza: 2 knight.
- Huesca: 2 knight.

Let's check the total iron used:
- Barcelona: 60 (knight) + 10 (archer) = 70 iron. (Has 70). OK.
- Tarragona: 60 iron. (Has 60). OK.
- Girona: 60 iron. (Has 60). OK.
- Castellon: 60 (knight) + 10 (archer) = 70 iron. (Has 70). OK.
- Zaragoza: 60 iron. (Has 60). OK.
- Huesca: 60 iron. (Has 60). OK.
Total iron used: 70+60+60+70+60+60 = 380 iron.
Total wood used:
- Barcelona: 60 (knight) + 20 (archer) = 80 wood. (Has 95). OK.
- Tarragona: 60 wood. (Has 95). OK.
- Girona: 60 wood. (Has 95). OK.
- Castellon: 60 (knight) + 20 (archer) = 80 wood. (Has 95). OK.
- Zaragoza: 60 wood. (Has 90). OK.
- Huesca: 60 wood. (Has 90). OK.
Total wood used: 80+60+60+80+60+60 = 400 wood.
This is very efficient and builds 10 knights and 2 archers. Total 12 powerful troops.

Let's review the plan and statement.
Plan:
- Attack Teruel from Zaragoza with a strong force to conquer it and expand territory.
- Reinforce Castellon from Tarragona and Huesca from Girona to secure borders against enemy counter-attacks.
- Build knights and archers in all villages to increase military power.

Statement:
- "We must strike fast and secure our borders. I am sending the Zaragoza garrison to conquer Teruel, while reinforcing Castellon and Huesca to protect against King A's forces. Our economy is strong, and we will build knights and archers to maintain the offensive."

Let's double check the JSON format.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 17, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 11, "archer": 6, "knight": 15}},
    {"fromId": 21, "toId": 18, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 23, "toId": 20, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 3}}
  ],
  "plan": "Attack Teruel from Zaragoza to expand territory and weaken King A. Reinforce Castellon from Tarragona and Huesca from Girona to secure borders. Build knights and archers in all villages to maintain military strength.",
  "statement": "We must strike fast and secure our borders. I am sending the Zaragoza garrison to conquer Teruel, while reinforcing Castellon and Huesca to protect against King A's forces. Our economy is strong, and we will build knights and archers to maintain the offensive."
}

Let's check if the village IDs are correct:
- Barcelona: 22
- Tarragona: 21
- Girona: 23
- Castellon: 18
- Zaragoza: 17
- Huesca: 20
- Teruel: 13
Yes, all IDs match the report.

Let's check the troop counts in movements:
- Zaragoza to Teruel: 11 spearman, 6 archer, 15 knight.
  - Zaragoza has 21 spearman, 11 archer, 29 knight.
  - 11 <= 21, 6 <= 11, 15 <= 29. Valid.
- Tarragona to Castellon: 4 spearman, 2 knight.
  - Tarragona has 4 spearman, 2 knight.
  - 4 <= 4, 2 <= 2. Valid.
- Girona to Huesca: 3 knight.
  - Girona has 6 spearman, 3 knight.
  - 3 <= 3. Valid.

Let's check the build quantities:
- Barcelona: 2 knight, 1 archer. Wood: 2*30 + 1*20 = 80. Iron: 2*30 + 1*10 = 70. Barcelona has 95 wood, 70 iron. Valid.
- Tarragona: 2 knight. Wood: 60. Iron: 60. Tarragona has 95 wood, 60 iron. Valid.
- Girona: 2 knight. Wood: 60. Iron: 60. Girona has 95 wood, 60 iron. Valid.
- Castellon: 2 knight, 1 archer. Wood: 80. Iron: 70. Castellon has 95 wood, 70 iron. Valid.
- Zaragoza: 2 knight. Wood: 60. Iron: 60. Zaragoza has 90 wood, 60 iron. Valid.
- Huesca: 2 knight. Wood: 60. Iron: 60. Huesca has 90 wood, 60 iron. Valid.

Everything looks perfectly valid and well-thought-out.
The plan is to attack Teruel, which is the weakest visible enemy village (Def 13), close to Zaragoza. This will give me a 7th village, and I can continue expanding.
Reinforcing Castellon and Huesca is crucial because Castellon borders Valencia (which the enemy just conquered) and Teruel, and Huesca borders Pamplona (which just got reinforced). Keeping these borders strong prevents the enemy from breaking through while I am attacking.
Building knights and archers is the best economic and military choice given the resource costs and the counter triangle (knights counter archers, which the enemy mostly have).

I will output the JSON now.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"cavaleiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":17,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":11,"arqueiro":6,"cavaleiro":15}},{"origemId":21,"destinoId":18,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":23,"destinoId":20,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":3}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [22]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [18]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [18]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [18]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [17]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [17]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [20]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [20]
ACEITO envio [17]->[13]: 11S+6A+15K
ACEITO envio [21]->[18]: 4S+2K
ACEITO envio [23]->[20]: 3K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Attack Teruel from Zaragoza to expand territory and weaken King A. Reinforce Castellon from Tarragona and Huesca from Girona to secure borders against enemy counter-attacks. Build knights and archers in all villages to maintain military strength and leverage the counter triangle against enemy archers.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): We must strike fast and secure our borders. I am sending the Zaragoza garrison to conquer Teruel, while reinforcing Castellon and Huesca to protect against King A's forces. Our economy is strong, and we will build knights and archers to maintain the offensive.
COMBATE [16] Valencia: atacante A Fatk=20 (ef 30) Fdef=8 (ef 10) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~3
REFORCO [19] Pamplona dono A: 4A+2K
placar: A 18 ald/tropas 153 | B 6 ald/tropas 59 | neutras 0 | transito 9 (A 6 | B 3)

########## TURNO 28 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3838 | resposta 8802 | raciocinio 8802 | finish content_filter | ms 96887
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: The user is King A in a turn-based strategy game. The goal is to hold at least 18 of the 24 villages for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. Currently holding 18 of 24, so I need to maintain that and ideally take more to secure the win condition (hold 18 for 2 consecutive turns). The enemy capital is Barcelona, but taking it is not required.

Current state: Turn 28. I have 18 villages. Enemy has some villages: Zaragoza, Castellon, Huesca, Tarragona, Barcelona, Girona (unexplored). So enemy has at least 6 villages. Total 24 villages, so 18 mine + 6 enemy = 24. I need to hold 18 for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate all enemy villages.

I need to output a JSON with build, movements, plan, statement.

Let's analyze the situation.

My villages: 0 Lisboa, 1 Santarem, 2 Evora, 3 Coimbra, 4 Badajoz, 5 Faro, 6 Porto, 7 Salamanca, 8 Toledo, 10 Vigo, 9 Sevilha, 11 Cordoba, 13 Teruel, 12 Madrid, 14 Burgos, 16 Valencia, 15 Murcia, 19 Pamplona. That's 18.

Enemy villages: 17 Zaragoza, 18 Castellon, 20 Huesca, 21 Tarragona, 22 Barcelona, 23 Girona. That's 6.

I need to hold 18 for 2 consecutive turns. Since I already hold 18, if I can just defend them and not lose any, I'll have held 18 for this turn and next turn? The win condition says "hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns". So if I hold 18 on turn 28 and also on turn 29, I win. But I need to check if I already held 18 on turn 27? The problem says "You currently hold 18 of 24." It doesn't say how many I held last turn. But the win condition is for 2 consecutive turns. So I need to ensure I hold 18 next turn as well. Alternatively, I could eliminate all enemy villages to win immediately.

Eliminating all enemy villages would require capturing all 6. That might be tough, especially Barcelona which is the capital and likely heavily defended. But I don't need to take it to win if I hold 18 for 2 turns. So the easier path is to just hold 18 for another turn.

But I need to be careful: the enemy might attack and take one of my villages, reducing me below 18. So I need to defend my border villages.

Border villages: Teruel (border with 17, 18), Madrid (border with 17), Valencia (border with 18), Pamplona (border with 17, 20). These are the ones that could be attacked.

Enemy garrisons:
- Zaragoza: 10 spearmen, 5 archers, 16 knights, defense 78
- Castellon: 10 spearmen, 2 archers, 6 knights, defense 45
- Huesca: 3 spearmen, 4 knights, defense 18
- Tarragona: last seen 7 spearmen, 2 archers, 8 knights (but 12 turns ago, might have changed)
- Barcelona: unknown
- Girona: unknown

Enemy has an army marching toward Teruel, arrives in 1 turn. So they are likely attacking Teruel. I need to reinforce Teruel or prepare to defend.

Also, I have no armies on march currently. My troops are at home.

My available troops at each village:
- Lisboa: 14 troops (8 archer, 6 knight)
- Santarem: 17 (12 archer, 5 knight)
- Evora: 14 (8 archer, 6 knight)
- Coimbra: 16 (12 archer, 4 knight)
- Badajoz: 6 (4 archer, 2 knight)
- Faro: 24 (21 archer, 3 knight)
- Porto: 6 (4 archer, 2 knight)
- Salamanca: 10 (2 spearman, 4 archer, 4 knight)
- Toledo: 19 (2 spearman, 10 archer, 7 knight)
- Vigo: 6 (4 archer, 2 knight)
- Sevilha: 6 (4 archer, 2 knight)
- Cordoba: 10 (10 archer)
- Teruel: 13 (9 archer, 4 knight)
- Madrid: 29 (20 archer, 9 knight)
- Burgos: 1 (1 knight)
- Valencia: 13 (8 archer, 5 knight)
- Murcia: 1 (1 archer)
- Pamplona: 13 (4 spearman, 7 archer, 2 knight)

Total: 218 soldiers.

I need to decide on builds and movements.

Since I want to hold 18 for another turn, I should focus on reinforcing border villages that might be attacked. The enemy is marching toward Teruel, so Teruel will be attacked. I should send reinforcements to Teruel from nearby villages. Also, Madrid is a border village with Zaragoza, so it might be attacked too. Valencia borders Castellon. Pamplona borders Zaragoza and Huesca.

But I also need to consider that the enemy might attack multiple places. I have limited troops.

Let's think about the enemy's possible moves. They have an army marching toward Teruel. That army is already on the march, so it will arrive next turn and attack Teruel. I don't know its composition, but it's likely a mix. I need to reinforce Teruel to defend it.

Teruel's current defense is 33 (effective defense including location bonus). The enemy army marching there could be strong. I should send troops to Teruel to increase its defense.

From the movement rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if I send troops from multiple villages to Teruel, they will arrive separately and fight the enemy one at a time? Actually, the rule says: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." That means if I send from A and B to C, they arrive as separate armies and fight the enemy garrison separately? Or if the enemy is attacking, they defend separately? The rule is about attacking: when you attack a village, troops from different villages fight one at a time. But for defense, if the enemy attacks my village, my garrison is already there. If I send reinforcements, they arrive and join the garrison? The rule says: "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So reinforcements join the garrison. But if multiple sends arrive on the same turn, do they join simultaneously or one at a time? The rule says "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This seems to apply to attacks. For defense, if the enemy attacks, the garrison is already there. If reinforcements arrive during the attack? The timing: orders are simultaneous. The enemy writes orders at the same time as me, over the same snapshot. So if the enemy is marching to Teruel, they will arrive and attack. If I send reinforcements to Teruel, they will march and arrive after some turns. If they arrive on the same turn as the enemy attack, what happens? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So the enemy army will stop at Teruel and fight. My reinforcements arriving at Teruel: if they arrive on the same turn, do they join the defense before or after the battle? The rules don't specify exactly, but typically in these games, reinforcements arrive before the battle if they are sent earlier. But since orders are simultaneous, if I send troops now, they will take some turns to arrive. The enemy army marching toward Teruel arrives in 1 turn. So if I send troops from a village that is 1 turn away, they would arrive next turn, same time as the enemy. But the rule says "each send fights alone, one at a time." That might mean that if multiple sends arrive, they fight the enemy sequentially. But if the enemy is attacking, the enemy is the one fighting the garrison. Actually, the combat rules: when you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE. So if the enemy attacks Teruel, they are the attacker, and Teruel's garrison is the defender. My reinforcements, if they arrive, would join the garrison? Or would they be separate? The rule says "join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So they become part of the garrison. But if they arrive on the same turn as the attack, do they get to defend? Typically, in simultaneous turns, all movements happen, then battles are resolved. If reinforcements arrive at a village that is being attacked, they would likely participate in the defense. But the rule about "each send fights alone" might apply to offensive attacks. I need to interpret carefully.

Let's read the combat rules again: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs." So if I am defending, I count defense. The effective defense values in the report already include location bonus. So for Teruel, effective defense is 33. That's the current defense with the current garrison. If I send reinforcements, they will increase the garrison, thus increasing the defense? But the defense value is computed based on the troops in the garrison. The report shows effective defense for each village. For Teruel, it says "effective defense (location bonus included): 33". That likely already accounts for the 13 troops there. If I send more troops, the defense would increase.

But I need to send troops that can reach Teruel before the enemy arrives. The enemy arrives in 1 turn. So I need to send troops that have a march time of 1 turn or less. From the report, march times to Teruel:
- from Lisboa: 3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns
- from Santarem: 3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast
- from Evora: 4 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast
- from Badajoz: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast
- from Faro: 3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast
- from Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns
- from Cordoba: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast
- from Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast? Actually, Teruel is connected to Valencia? Road network: [13] Teruel: [8], [16], [17], [18]. So Teruel connects to Toledo (8), Valencia (16), Zaragoza (17), Castellon (18). So from Valencia, it's 1 turn? The report says for Valencia: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns"? Wait, check the report: For Valencia, it says "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns"? No, let's look at the report text:

[16] Valencia | BORDER with [18] (enemy) | ... AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 8 archer, 5 knight (attack power if all sent: 36)
    from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns

Wait, that says from Valencia to Teruel is 3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns. But in the road network, Valencia [16] is connected to Teruel [13] directly? [13] Teruel: [8], [16], [17], [18]. So yes, they are connected. But the march time is 3 slow turns? That seems odd if they are directly connected. Maybe the distance is longer. Let's check other villages.

For Toledo [8]: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" - so Toledo to Teruel is 1 turn for all speeds? Actually it says 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast, meaning 1 turn regardless of speed? That would mean it's a 1-turn march. But if it's 1 turn, then troops from Toledo would arrive next turn. But the enemy arrives in 1 turn, so they would arrive simultaneously.

For Pamplona [19]: "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" - not to Teruel.

For Madrid [12]: "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" - to Zaragoza.

So to reinforce Teruel, I can send from Toledo (1 turn) or maybe from Valencia (3 slow turns, too long). Also from Badajoz: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" - so 2 slow turns, meaning slow troops take 2 turns, medium 2, fast 1. So knights would take 1 turn, archers 2, spearmen 2. So if I send knights from Badajoz, they arrive in 1 turn, same time as enemy. Archers would take 2 turns, arriving after the battle.

So I need to send troops that can arrive in 1 turn to help defend Teruel. From Toledo, all troops take 1 turn (since 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast). So I can send any troops from Toledo and they'll arrive next turn. From Badajoz, only knights take 1 turn. From Valencia, no troops take 1 turn (fast is 2 turns). From Cordoba: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" - so knights take 1 turn, others 2.

So the best sources for 1-turn reinforcement to Teruel are Toledo (all troops), Badajoz (knights only), Cordoba (knights only). Also, maybe from Madrid? Madrid to Teruel: Madrid is connected to [7], [8], [14], [17]. Not directly to Teruel. So from Madrid to Teruel would go via Toledo or Zaragoza? The road network: Madrid [12] connects to Salamanca [7], Toledo [8], Burgos [14], Zaragoza [17]. To get to Teruel, you'd go Madrid -> Toledo -> Teruel, or Madrid -> Zaragoza -> Teruel. The march time from Madrid to its nearest border village is to Zaragoza (1 turn). To Teruel, it would be longer. The report doesn't give a direct march time from Madrid to Teruel, but we can infer: from Madrid to Toledo is 1 turn (since Madrid to Toledo is connected? Actually, Madrid [12] connects to Toledo [8]? Yes, [12] Madrid: [7], [8], [14], [17]. So Madrid to Toledo is 1 turn. Then Toledo to Teruel is 1 turn. So total 2 turns for slow troops, but maybe faster for fast troops? The report gives per-speed turns. For Madrid to Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. So Madrid to Zaragoza is 1 turn for all. To Teruel via Zaragoza: Madrid -> Zaragoza (1 turn) -> Teruel (1 turn from Zaragoza? But Zaragoza is enemy, so you can't march through enemy territory without fighting? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So if I send from Madrid to Teruel via Zaragoza, they would stop at Zaragoza and fight there. So I can't send through enemy villages unless I conquer them first. So to reinforce Teruel, I should send via friendly territory: Madrid -> Toledo -> Teruel. That would take 2 turns for slow, maybe 1 for fast? Actually, from Madrid to Toledo: the report says for Madrid: "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". It doesn't give Madrid to Toledo. But since Madrid and Toledo are connected, and both are mine, the march time would be the distance. Typically, adjacent villages are 1 turn apart. So Madrid to Toledo is likely 1 turn for all speeds. Then Toledo to Teruel is 1 turn. So total 2 turns for all speeds. So troops from Madrid would take 2 turns to reach Teruel, too late.

So the only 1-turn reinforcement to Teruel is from Toledo (all troops), and from Badajoz/Cordoba (knights only). Also, maybe from Valencia? No, 2 turns for fast.

But wait: the enemy army marching toward Teruel arrives in 1 turn. That means they will attack Teruel next turn. If I send troops from Toledo now, they will march for 1 turn and arrive next turn, same time as the enemy. Will they participate in the defense? The rules: "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." So the enemy's order is already set to march to Teruel. My order to send troops from Toledo will be executed simultaneously. The troops will start marching. The enemy troops will start marching (or are already marching? The report says "enemy army marching toward [13] Teruel, arrives in 1 turn". So they are already on the march, and will arrive next turn. My troops from Toledo will also start marching and arrive next turn. So they will both arrive at Teruel next turn. What happens then? The enemy army arrives and attacks Teruel. My reinforcements arrive and join the garrison. Do they join before the battle? Typically, in these games, all movements are resolved, then battles happen. So the reinforcements would arrive and increase the garrison before the battle. But the rule about "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up" might apply if I send from multiple villages. But if I send from one village, they arrive as a single army and join the garrison. So I can send from Toledo to reinforce Teruel, and they will add to the defense.

However, I need to consider that the enemy army might be strong. I don't know its composition. But I can try to defend Teruel with reinforcements.

Also, I need to think about other borders. The enemy might attack other places too. But I only see one enemy army on march. The enemy has garrisons in Zaragoza, Castellon, Huesca. They could send more armies, but since orders are simultaneous, I only see what's on the map now. The report says "ENEMY (only what your watchmen can see): - enemy army marching toward [13] Teruel, arrives in 1 turn". So only one enemy army is visible. The enemy could have other armies marching that I don't see, but likely not.

So my priority: reinforce Teruel to defend against the incoming attack. Also, I should consider building more troops to replenish my forces, since I have many troops already but I want to maintain strength.

Let's check my resources. Each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn. But resources are per village. I need to check each village's stock. The report shows wood and iron for each village. For example, Lisboa: wood 50 (+30/turn) | iron 30 (+20/turn). That means it has 50 wood and 30 iron currently, and produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn. So it can afford to build troops that cost from its own stock.

Costs:
spearman: 15 wood + 0 iron
archer: 20 wood + 10 iron
knight: 30 wood + 30 iron

I need to see which villages can afford what.

Let's list villages with their stocks and available build slots (cap 300, but they have few troops).

Lisboa: wood 50, iron 30. Can build: spearman (15 wood) x3 = 45 wood, 0 iron; archer (20 wood, 10 iron) x2 = 40 wood, 20 iron (leaves 10 wood, 10 iron); knight (30 wood, 30 iron) x1 = 30 wood, 30 iron (leaves 20 wood, 0 iron). But it has 14 troops, cap 300, so can build many.

Santarem: wood 50, iron 20. Can build archer x2 (40 wood, 20 iron) leaves 10 wood, 0 iron; or knight x0 (needs 30 iron, only has 20). Spearman x3 (45 wood) leaves 5 wood.

Evora: wood 50, iron 20. Similar.

Coimbra: wood 50, iron 30. Can build knight x1 (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 20 wood, 0 iron; or archer x2 (40 wood, 20 iron) leaves 10 wood, 10 iron.

Badajoz: wood 50, iron 20. Can build archer x2 (40 wood, 20 iron) leaves 10 wood, 0 iron.

Faro: wood 35, iron 50. Can build knight x1 (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 5 wood, 20 iron; or archer x1 (20 wood, 10 iron) leaves 15 wood, 40 iron; but archer costs 10 iron, so can build multiple.

Porto: wood 55, iron 30. Can build knight x1 (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 25 wood, 0 iron; or archer x2 (40 wood, 20 iron) leaves 15 wood, 10 iron.

Salamanca: wood 45, iron 40. Can build knight x1 (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 15 wood, 10 iron; or archer x2 (40 wood, 20 iron) leaves 5 wood, 20 iron; or spearman x3 (45 wood) leaves 0 wood.

Toledo: wood 30, iron 40. Can build knight x1 (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 0 wood, 10 iron; or archer x1 (20 wood, 10 iron) leaves 10 wood, 30 iron; or spearman x2 (30 wood) leaves 0 wood, 40 iron.

Vigo: wood 50, iron 30. Can build knight x1 or archers.

Sevilha: wood 50, iron 30. Similar.

Cordoba: wood 40, iron 50. Can build knight x1 (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 10 wood, 20 iron; or archer x2 (40 wood, 20 iron) leaves 0 wood, 30 iron.

Teruel: wood 80, iron 60. Can build knight x2 (60 wood, 60 iron) leaves 20 wood, 0 iron; or archer x4 (80 wood, 40 iron) leaves 0 wood, 20 iron; or spearman x5 (75 wood) leaves 5 wood.

Madrid: wood 30, iron 50. Can build knight x1 (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 0 wood, 20 iron; or archer x1 (20 wood, 10 iron) leaves 10 wood, 40 iron; or spearman x2 (30 wood) leaves 0 wood, 50 iron.

Burgos: wood 40, iron 90. Can build knight x1 (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 10 wood, 60 iron; or archer x2 (40 wood, 20 iron) leaves 0 wood, 70 iron; or spearman x2 (30 wood) leaves 10 wood, 90 iron.

Valencia: wood 70, iron 30. Can build knight x1 (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 40 wood, 0 iron; or archer x3 (60 wood, 30 iron) leaves 10 wood, 0 iron; or spearman x4 (60 wood) leaves 10 wood, 30 iron.

Murcia: wood 40, iron 50. Can build knight x1 (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 10 wood, 20 iron; or archer x2 (40 wood, 20 iron) leaves 0 wood, 30 iron.

Pamplona: wood 40, iron 20. Can build archer x2 (40 wood, 20 iron) leaves 0 wood, 0 iron; or spearman x2 (30 wood) leaves 10 wood, 20 iron; cannot build knight (needs 30 iron).

Now, I need to decide on builds and movements.

My plan: Hold 18 villages for another turn. To do that, I must ensure none of my villages fall. The immediate threat is the enemy army attacking Teruel. I need to reinforce Teruel sufficiently to win that battle. If I lose Teruel, I'll have 17 villages, and I need to hold 18 for 2 consecutive turns, so if I lose one now, I might not have held 18 for 2 turns (unless I held it last turn too, but I don't know). The problem says "You currently hold 18 of 24." It doesn't say how many I held last turn. But the win condition is "hold at least 18... for 2 consecutive turns". So if I lost one, I might have had 18 last turn as well? Actually, if I currently hold 18, and last turn I also held 18, then I would have already won? But the game hasn't ended, so likely I didn't hold 18 last turn, or the check is at the end of the turn. Typically, you win if at the end of a turn you have held 18 for 2 consecutive turns. So I need to have 18 on turn 28 and turn 29. Since I have 18 now, I need to keep 18 next turn.

So I must defend Teruel. Also, I should consider that the enemy might attack other places, but I only see one army. I'll assume that's the main threat.

How to defend Teruel? I need to send reinforcements that arrive in 1 turn. From Toledo, I can send all troops. Toledo has 19 troops: 2 spearman, 10 archer, 7 knight. I can send some or all. But I also need to consider that if I send all, Toledo's defense becomes low. Toledo is an interior village, but it's connected to Teruel, which is a border. If Teruel falls, Toledo becomes a border. So I should leave some troops in Toledo for defense. But the immediate threat is to Teruel. I could send a mix.

Let's calculate the enemy's strength. The enemy army marching to Teruel: unknown composition. But we can infer from the enemy's garrisons. Zaragoza has 10 spearmen, 5 archers, 16 knights. Castellon has 10 spearmen, 2 archers, 6 knights. Huesca has 3 spearmen, 4 knights. The army marching could be a stack from these. It might be strong.

Teruel's current defense: 33 effective. That's with 13 troops (9 archer, 4 knight). The defense value is computed as: each troop type has defense, and location bonus (village: x1.25). The effective defense already includes the bonus. So the raw defense of the garrison is 33 / 1.25 = 26.4, roughly. The garrison: 9 archer (defense 2 each) + 4 knight (defense 2 each) = 18 raw defense? Actually, archer defense 2, knight defense 2. So 13 troops * 2 = 26 raw defense. Then village bonus x1.25 = 32.5, rounded to 33. So that matches.

If I send reinforcements, they will add to the garrison. For example, if I send 10 archers and 5 knights from Toledo, that adds 15 troops with defense 2 each, raw defense +30, new raw defense 56, effective 56 * 1.25 = 70. That would be strong.

But I need to consider the enemy's attack power. The enemy army's attack is based on their most numerous type and counter triangle. Without knowing composition, I can't calculate exactly. But I can try to send enough to ensure victory.

Alternatively, I could send a large force from Toledo and also from Badajoz (knights) and Cordoba (knights) to arrive at the same time. But remember: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if I send from Toledo and Badajoz, they will arrive separately and fight the enemy one after the other? That rule is for attacking. For defense, if the enemy attacks, the enemy is the attacker. My reinforcements arrive and join the garrison. But if multiple sends arrive, do they join simultaneously or sequentially? The rule says "each send fights alone, one at a time." That might mean that if I send multiple armies to the same village (whether attacking or reinforcing), they don't merge into one army; they arrive as separate armies and fight separately if attacking. But if reinforcing, they join the garrison. The rule: "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So they join the garrison. But if multiple sends arrive on the same turn, do they all join the garrison before the battle? The rule about "each send fights alone" might apply to combat when they are attacking. For defense, the garrison is already there. I think the intent is that reinforcements just add to the garrison. But the phrase "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." seems to apply to all sends. So if I send from A and B to C, they arrive as two separate armies. If C is my own village, they would both join the garrison? But "each send fights alone" suggests they don't combine. However, if they are reinforcing, they don't fight; they just join. So maybe they do add up? The rule might be primarily for attacks: when you attack a village, your troops from different villages fight one at a time against the garrison, so you can't combine their numbers into one big army. For defense, if the enemy attacks, the defender is the garrison. If I send reinforcements, they become part of the garrison. But if I send from multiple villages, they might arrive at different times? Actually, if they all arrive on the same turn, they would all be there when the enemy attacks. But the rule says "each send fights alone, one at a time." That could mean that if I send from A and B, and the enemy attacks, the enemy fights the garrison (which includes A's troops) first, then B's troops? That doesn't make sense because the garrison is one entity. I think the rule is about attacking: when you attack, your armies from different villages don't stack; they fight sequentially. For defense, the defender is the village garrison, which includes all troops present. So reinforcements from multiple villages would all add to the garrison, and the enemy fights that combined garrison. But the rule says "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up", which is a general statement. It might mean that even when reinforcing, they don't add up to form a larger army for battle purposes; instead, they fight as separate armies? That would be weird for defense. Let's read carefully:

"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."

This is under MOVEMENT RULES. It seems to apply to any situation where troops from different villages arrive at the same target. So if I send from A and B to C (whether C is enemy or my own), they arrive as separate sends and do not combine. If C is my own village, they join the garrison? But then they would be part of the garrison, which is a single entity. The rule might mean that they don't combine into one army for marching or fighting. But if they are reinforcing a village under attack, the village's garrison is the defender. The attacker fights the garrison. The garrison includes all troops that are in the village. If reinforcements arrive, they become part of the garrison. So they would add up. But the rule says they never add up. This is confusing.

Perhaps the rule means that when you send troops to an enemy village (attacking), each send fights separately against the garrison. When you send troops to your own village, they just join the garrison and do fight together as part of the garrison. The phrase "each send fights alone" implies combat. So for reinforcement, they don't fight; they just join. So they probably do add to the garrison.

I'll assume that reinforcements to my own village add to the garrison normally, and the "never add up" rule applies to offensive operations where multiple sends attack the same target. For defense, the garrison is one entity.

But to be safe, I could send a single large reinforcement from one village to Teruel. Toledo is the best because it can send all troop types and arrive in 1 turn. I can send a significant portion of Toledo's troops to reinforce Teruel, while leaving some to defend Toledo if needed.

Let's think about the enemy's next move. If the enemy defeats the Teruel garrison and reinforcements, they might then march on Toledo or other villages. But Toledo is interior and has a good garrison. I should also consider that the enemy might attack Madrid or Pamplona or Valencia. But I only see one enemy army. So I'll focus on Teruel.

What about building? I should build troops to maintain my army. Since I have many troops already, I might want to build more archers and knights because they are more powerful. But I need to consider resource constraints.

I also need to consider that the enemy is reinforcing: last turn, they reinforced Castellon (4 spearmen, 2 knights) and Huesca (3 knights). So they are building too.

My overall strategy: Since I need to hold 18 for another turn, I should just defend strongly. I could also try to attack a weak enemy village to increase my count to 19, which would make it easier to hold 18 (since I'd have 19, so even if I lose one, I still have 18). But attacking might be risky because I could lose troops. The enemy village Huesca has only 3 spearmen, 4 knights, defense 18. That's weak. I could attack Huesca from Pamplona. Pamplona has 13 troops (4 spearman, 7 archer, 2 knight). The march from Pamplona to Huesca: the report says "from here to your nearest border village [19] Pamplona: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? Wait, for Pamplona, it says: "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? Actually, check the report:

[19] Pamplona | BORDER with [17], [20] (enemy) | wood 40 (+30/turn) | iron 20 (+20/turn) | effective defense (location bonus included): 33 | troops at home: 13 / 300
    AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 4 spearman, 7 archer, 2 knight (attack power if all sent: 26)
    from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns

It says to Zaragoza, not Huesca. But Huesca is also a border village connected to Pamplona? Road network: [19] Pamplona: [14], [17], [20]. So Pamplona connects to Huesca [20] directly. So the march to Huesca would be similar. The report doesn't give the time to Huesca, but since it's directly connected, it's likely 1 turn for fast, 2 for slow? Actually, the report gives to Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. So to Huesca, being also directly connected, might be similar. But Huesca is enemy, so if I attack from Pamplona, I would march there. The travel time: from Pamplona to Huesca, the distance is probably 1 turn for fast, 2 for slow? Let's check the road network: Pamplona [19] to Huesca [20] is a direct road. The report for Pamplona says "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That suggests the distance to Zaragoza is 2 slow turns. But Zaragoza is also directly connected? Actually, Pamplona to Zaragoza: are they directly connected? Road network: [19] Pamplona: [14], [17], [20]. So yes, Pamplona connects to Zaragoza [17] directly. So the march time is 2 slow turns. That means the distance is 2 for slow troops. So to Huesca, also directly connected, might be the same or different. We don't know exactly, but we can estimate. The report for Huesca says: "march from [19] Pamplona: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". Yes! Look at the report for Huesca: "[20] Huesca | ENEMY (King B) | ... march from [19] Pamplona: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So from Pamplona to Huesca takes 2 slow, 1 medium, 1 fast turns. So knights would take 1 turn, archers 1? Wait, medium is 1 turn? It says "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means slow troops take 2 turns, medium take 1 turn, fast take 1 turn. So archers (medium) take 1 turn, knights (fast) take 1 turn, spearmen (slow) take 2 turns. So if I send from Pamplona to Huesca, I can send archers and knights and they'll arrive in 1 turn. Spearmen would take 2 turns.

But Huesca is weak: defense 18, garrison 3 spearmen, 4 knights. I could attack it and likely win, taking Huesca. That would give me 19 villages. Then even if I lose Teruel, I'd have 18? Actually, if I take Huesca, I'd have 19. If I then lose Teruel, I'd have 18. So I'd still hold 18. But I need to hold 18 for 2 consecutive turns. If I take Huesca this turn, next turn I'd have 19 (if I don't lose any), but I need to have held 18 on turn 28 and turn 29. If I take Huesca on turn 29, then on turn 29 I have 19, which is >=18, so that counts as holding at least 18. But I also need to have held 18 on turn 28. I do have 18 on turn 28. So if I can take Huesca and not lose any, I'll have 19 on turn 29, satisfying the condition. But if I lose Teruel, I'd have 18 on turn 29 (if I took Huesca and lost Teruel, net 18). So I'd still have 18 on turn 29, and I had 18 on turn 28, so that would be 2 consecutive turns. So either way, if I can take Huesca, I might secure the win even if Teruel falls. But if I lose Teruel and don't take Huesca, I'd have 17, which is bad.

So attacking Huesca could be a good strategy. But I need to consider that the enemy might have reinforcements or other armies. Also, if I attack Huesca, I send troops from Pamplona, reducing its garrison. Pamplona might then be vulnerable to attack from Zaragoza. But the enemy only has one visible army marching to Teruel. So maybe they won't attack Pamplona.

Alternatively, I could reinforce Teruel and also attack Huesca. But I have limited troops. Let's evaluate the risks.

Option 1: Focus on defending Teruel. Send reinforcements from Toledo to Teruel. Also build more troops. Hope that the enemy's attack on Teruel is repelled. Then next turn, I still have 18. But if the enemy's army is strong, they might defeat Teruel despite reinforcements. I need to estimate the battle.

Option 2: Attack Huesca from Pamplona to secure a new village, increasing my count to 19. Then even if Teruel falls, I have 18. But if I attack Huesca, I use Pamplona's troops, which might leave Pamplona weak. Also, the enemy army marching to Teruel might be joined by other enemy armies? Not sure.

Option 3: Do both: send some reinforcements to Teruel from Toledo, and also attack Huesca from Pamplona. But I need to balance.

Let's analyze the battle for Teruel. I need to know the enemy army's composition. It's not given. But we can infer from the enemy's actions last turn: they reinforced Castellon with 4 spearmen, 2 knights, and Huesca with 3 knights. They also had an army marching to Teruel. That army might be a stack they built up. Without knowing, I can't calculate. But I can try to send a large reinforcement to ensure victory.

Teruel currently has 13 troops, defense 33. If I send, say, all 19 troops from Toledo (2 spear, 10 archer, 7 knight), that adds 19 troops, total 32 troops. The defense would be: each troop has defense 2 (spearman defense 2, arch
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
########## TURNO 28 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3194 | resposta 1020 | raciocinio 1020 | finish content_filter | ms 14355
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B in a strategy game. I need to analyze the current state and provide orders in a JSON format.

Let's understand the state:
Turn 28.
My goal: Hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.
Currently hold 6 of 24.
Enemy capital is [0] Lisboa, not required to win but hardest target.

My villages (6):
- [22] Barcelona (Capital): 12/300 troops (6 spear, 1 archer, 5 knight). Wood 45, Iron 20.
- [21] Tarragona: 2/300 (0 spear, 0 archer, 2 knight). Wood 65, Iron 20.
- [23] Girona: 8/300 (6 spear, 0 archer, 2 knight). Wood 65, Iron 20.
- [18] Castellon: 18/300 (10 spear, 2 archer, 6 knight). Wood 45, Iron 20.
- [17] Zaragoza: 31/300 (10 spear, 5 archer, 16 knight). Wood 60, Iron 20. Marching out: 11 spear, 6 archer, 15 knight to [13] Teruel (arrives in 1 turn).
- [20] Huesca: 7/300 (3 spear, 0 archer, 4 knight). Wood 60, Iron 20.

Enemy villages visible:
- [16] Valencia: 8 archer, 5 knight. Def 33.
- [13] Teruel: 9 archer, 4 knight. Def 33.
- [12] Madrid: 20 archer, 9 knight. Def 73.
- [19] Pamplona: 4 spear, 7 archer, 2 knight. Def 33.

Enemy known but out of sight:
- [15] Murcia, [14] Burgos, [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [11] Cordoba, [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto, [10] Vigo.

Unexplored:
- [3] Coimbra, [9] Sevilha, [5] Faro, [1] Santarem, [0] Lisboa, [2] Evora.

Road network:
My villages:
Barcelona [22] - Tarragona [21] - Castellon [18] - Teruel [13] (enemy) - Zaragoza [17] (mine) - Madrid [12] (enemy)
Zaragoza [17] - Pamplona [19] (enemy) - Huesca [20] (mine) - Girona [23] - Barcelona [22]
Zaragoza [17] - Tarragona [21]
Castellon [18] - Valencia [16] (enemy) - Murcia [15] (enemy) - Cordoba [11] (enemy) - Toledo [8] (enemy) - Madrid [12] (enemy)
Toledo [8] - Badajoz [4] (enemy) - Lisboa [0] (enemy capital)
etc.

Currently, I have an army marching from [17] Zaragoza to [13] Teruel: 11 spear, 6 archer, 15 knight. Arrives in 1 turn.
Let's see the combat rules:
Attack: spearman 1, archer 2, knight 4.
Defense: spearman 2, archer 2, knight 2.
Counter triangle: spearman counters knight (x1.5), archer counters spearman (x1.5), knight counters archer (x1.5).
Most numerous type sets the counter matchup.
Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in village, x1.5 in castle.

Let's calculate the battle at [13] Teruel:
My army: 11 spear, 6 archer, 15 knight.
Most numerous: knight (15). So matchup is knight vs archer? Knight counters archer, so my force is multiplied by 1.5?
Wait, "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
My most numerous: knight (15).
Enemy most numerous: archer (9).
Matchup: Knight vs Archer. Knight counters archer, so my attack is multiplied by 1.5?
Wait, "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
So my force is multiplied by 1.5.
My attack power:
Spearman: 11 * 1 = 11
Archer: 6 * 2 = 12
Knight: 15 * 4 = 60
Total attack = 83.
With counter bonus (knight counters archer): 83 * 1.5 = 124.5.
Enemy defense:
Archer: 9 * 2 = 18
Knight: 4 * 2 = 8
Total defense = 26.
Location bonus: village, so defense counts x1.25. Effective defense is already given as 33.
Wait, "effective defense (location bonus included): 33 (was 20, 5 turns ago)".
So effective defense is 33.
My effective attack = 124.5.
124.5 > 33, so I win easily.
Losses: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
Attrition is usually proportional to the loser's force, but let's assume I take some losses.
Anyway, Teruel will fall if I attack it. But wait, I already have an army marching there. It will arrive next turn and fight.

Let's look at my other options.
I need to hold 18 villages. I have 6. I need to conquer 12 more.
The enemy has many villages. I need
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
REFORCO [18] Castellon dono B: 4S+2K
REFORCO [20] Huesca dono B: 3K
COMBATE [20] Huesca: atacante A Fatk=30 (ef 30) Fdef=22 (ef 41) vant=-1 -> vence defensor | baixas~8
REFORCO [19] Pamplona dono A: 4S+6A+1K
REFORCO [13] Teruel dono A: 5A+3K
REFORCO [8] Toledo dono A: 5A+3K
REFORCO [12] Madrid dono A: 3A+2K
REFORCO [16] Valencia dono A: 2A
placar: A 18 ald/tropas 218 | B 6 ald/tropas 78 | neutras 0 | transito 1 (A 0 | B 1)

=== FIM === turno 28 | resultado: A | A 18 ald | B 6 ald | neutras 0

================== RESUMO ==================
Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free): 101 envios, 591 tropas, tamanho medio 5.85
Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free): 68 envios, 307 tropas, tamanho medio 4.51
============================================

============== TOKENS DE CONTEXTO (prompt/input por turno) ==============
Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free): turnos validos 28 | media 3746 tok | min 2227 | max 4843
  crescimento: 1o turno 2436 -> ultimo 3838 tok | 1o terco media 2968 -> ultimo terco media 4292 (45%)
  serie (turno:prompt): 1:2436  2:2365  3:2227  4:2671  5:3103  6:3258  7:3239  8:3655  9:3761  10:3844  11:4068  12:3574  13:3279  14:4036  15:4360  16:3856  17:4246  18:4595  19:3691  20:4268  21:4513  22:4665  23:3800  24:3517  25:4533  26:4843  27:4655  28:3838
Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free): turnos validos 28 | media 3339 tok | min 2413 | max 4280
  crescimento: 1o turno 2413 -> ultimo 3194 tok | 1o terco media 3017 -> ultimo terco media 3370 (12%)
  serie (turno:prompt): 1:2413  2:2837  3:3153  4:3227  5:3320  6:2896  7:2668  8:3512  9:3127  10:2907  11:2861  12:3528  13:3272  14:3534  15:3922  16:4056  17:4185  18:4280  19:3473  20:3122  21:3148  22:3124  23:3773  24:3938  25:3305  26:3019  27:3710  28:3194
========================================================================