=== PARTIDA Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) vs Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) | seed 7 | maxTurnos 30 | 9/30/2026, 4:22:20 AM ===
condicoes: ambiente=iberia | temp=0 | prompt=P4 EN (esquema declarado, sem exemplo, sem minimos, vitoria real, reforco, quantidade) + FOG OF WAR + P5 EXPERIMENTAL (A: regras,combate,intencao,alcance,capital,vigia,campanha,frente | B: P4) + combate v3 (atq/def, counter 1.5) + clamp | regras=v4 (counter 1.5, cav def2/1t, madeira 30, dist x0.2, vitoria 75%/2t) | mesa: ordem espelhada + chegada sorteada | thinking=on (sem limite) | max_tokens_resposta=128000 (default alto, auto-ajustavel por modelo)

=== RETOMADA de pesquisa/2026-09-30/ab2_replica/AB2_dots_VxP4_seed7_cont.replay.json no turno 12 ===
>>> memoria de fog, historico de defesa e contagem de dominancia recomecam aqui.
########## TURNO 13 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4044 | resposta 20553 | raciocinio 18169 | finish stop | ms 213766
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 6},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 6},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 6},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 6},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 6},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 6},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 6},\n    {\"villageId\": 7, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 8, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 3}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 5, \"toId\": 9, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 10, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 6, \"toId\": 10, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 16, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 8, \"toId\": 11, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 5, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 8, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 3}},\n    {\"fromId\": 3, \"toId\": 6, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 6, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Capture the three neutral villages (Sevilha, Vigo, Cordoba) and the enemy village Teruel this turn to expand our territory and reduce enemy numbers. Send all troops from Faro, Porto, and part of Toledo to secure these targets. Build replacements at the front and reinforce Porto from Coimbra. Next turn, consolidate our new villages, explore north into Burgos and east into Murcia, and prepare for an assault on Madrid.\",\n  \"statement\": \"This turn, we launch a coordinated strike on the neutral villages of Sevilha, Vigo, and Cordoba, as well as the enemy outpost at Teruel. Our archers, spearmen, and knights are sent to overwhelm the defenses and expand our kingdom's borders. We also begin rebuilding our forces to sustain the campaign.\"\n}"
raciocinio: We need to output JSON. The user wants a valid JSON object with fields: build, movements, plan, statement.

We are King A, currently holding 9 of 24 villages. Need to hold at least 18 for 2 consecutive turns or eliminate all enemy villages. The enemy capital is Barcelona (22) but not required. We have interior villages and border villages. We need to decide builds and movements for this turn.

We have resources per village: each produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. Each village can build troops up to 300 cap, but we need to consider resources. We have to specify builds per village.

Current troops at home:

- Lisboa (0): 6 archer (no spearman/knight)
- Santarem (1): 6 archer
- Evora (2): 3 archer
- Coimbra (3): 6 spearman, 1 archer
- Badajoz (4): 3 archer
- Faro (5): 10 archer
- Porto (6): 16 spearman
- Salamanca (7): 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight
- Toledo (8): 8 archer, 3 knight

Total: spearman 6+8+16? Actually Coimbra 6 spear, Salamanca 8 spear, Porto 16 spear = 30 spearman. Archers: Lisboa 6, Santarem 6, Evora 3, Coimbra 1, Badajoz 3, Faro 10, Salamanca 1, Toledo 8 = 38 archer. Knights: Salamanca 1, Toledo 3 = 4 knight.

We have no marching troops.

Enemy villages: Madrid (12) with 6 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight, defense 28. Teruel (13) with 1 spear, 1 archer, 2 knights, defense 10. Neutral: Vigo (10) 5 spear, defense 13; Sevilha (9) 5 spear, defense 13; Cordoba (11) 5 spear, defense 13.

We need to expand. Our goal: capture neutral villages and eventually enemy villages. We have 9 villages; need 18 total. So need 9 more. There are 10 unexplored villages, but we need to capture neutral and enemy.

We can attack neutral villages to increase count. Each neutral village has 5 spearmen, defense 13. We need to send enough troops to defeat them. Since defenders count defense x1.25 in village? Actually effective defense already includes location bonus. For neutral villages, effective defense is 13. That's the number we compare against? The combat rules: When attacking a village, attacker's attack vs defender's defense (with location bonus already included). The effective defense values in report already include location bonus. So for neutral villages, defense is 13. We need to compute our attack force.

We need to consider counter triangle. If we send mixed troops, the most numerous type sets counter matchup. For neutral villages, they have only spearmen (5). So their most numerous type is spearman. Our most numerous type will determine counter. If we send mostly archers, archer counters spearman? Wait: counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archers. So if enemy has spearman, archer counters spearman. So if our most numerous type is archer, we get 1.5x bonus to whole army. If we send knights, they are countered by spearman? Actually spearman counters knight, so if enemy has spearman and we have knight as most numerous, they counter us? The rule: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counts knight; archer counts spearman; knight counts archer. Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5 (every troop in it, not only the countering type)." So the counter is determined by comparing the most numerous type of each army. If our most numerous type counters their most numerous type, we get bonus. If they counter us, do we get penalty? It says "Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5". It doesn't mention penalty if they counter us. So only bonus if we have counter. If they have counter against us, maybe no bonus for them? The rule says "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." It doesn't say what happens if they counter us. Possibly they get bonus if they counter us. But the description: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counts spearman; knight counts archer. Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5". So if we have the counter, we get 1.5x. If they have the counter, they get 1.5x? Probably yes. So we want to have counter to their most numerous type.

Neutral villages have 5 spearmen. So their most numerous is spearman. To counter, we need archer as our most numerous type. So sending mostly archers gives us 1.5x bonus.

Alternatively, we could send all spearman, then most numerous is spearman, same as enemy, tie? Ties break in order spearman, archer, knight. So tie goes to spearman? Actually "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight." That means if both have same count of most numerous, the type that appears first in that order wins? Or the tie is broken by that order? Probably if both have same most numerous type, no counter? The rule is ambiguous. Safer to send archers to get counter.

Also we need to consider effective attack. Each troop type has attack value: spearman 1, archer 2, knight 4. Our total attack is sum of attacks of our troops, multiplied by 1.5 if we have counter. Defender's effective defense is given (13). We need our effective attack > defender's effective defense to win. If tie, defender wins. So we need attack > 13.

If we send only archers, each has attack 2. So we need at least 7 archers to get 14 attack (7*2=14). With counter 1.5, 14*1.5=21 >13. Actually we could send fewer if we have counter. Let's compute: need effective attack >13. With counter, effective attack = (total attack) * 1.5. So we need total attack > 13/1.5 ≈ 8.667, so at least 9 total attack. Each archer gives 2 attack, so 5 archers give 10 attack, *1.5 =15 >13. So 5 archers could win. But we also need to consider losses. The winner loses troops worth half of loser's effective force. The loser is destroyed entirely. The defender's effective force is their defense? Actually "The LOSER is destroyed entirely - this includes an attacker that fails against a village. The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself." So if we attack and win, we lose troops equal to half of the loser's effective force. The loser's effective force is their defense? Or their attack? The rule says "the loser is destroyed entirely" and "winner loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force". In defense, the effective force is probably the defender's defense value (since they are defending). Or maybe it's the defender's attack? The report says "effective defense (location bonus included)" but that's for defense. For combat, we compare attacker's attack vs defender's defense. The loser's effective force might be the losing side's attack? The wording: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER. The LOSER is destroyed entirely - this includes an attacker that fails against a village. The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types". So effective force is the metric compared. For attacker, effective force is attack (maybe with counter). For defender, effective force is defense (with location bonus). So if defender loses, they are destroyed entirely (their garrison). The winner loses half of the loser's effective force. So if we attack a neutral village with defense 13, and we win, we lose troops worth half of 13 = 6.5, presumably rounded? Probably integer. So we lose some troops. So we need to consider that we will lose some troops after battle. But we can reinforce later.

We also need to consider that we can send troops from multiple villages? The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So we cannot combine forces from different villages to attack one target in the same turn. Each send is separate. So we must send from one village per attack. However, we can send reinforcements to our own villages.

We need to decide which neutral to attack. We have borders with Sevilha (9) from Badajoz (4) and Faro (5). Vigo (10) from Porto (6). Cordoba (11) from Toledo (8). Also enemy Madrid (12) from Salamanca (7) and Toledo (8). Teruel (13) from Toledo (8).

We could attack neutral villages to increase our count. Each gives +1 village. We need 9 more. There are 3 neutrals visible: Vigo, Sevilha, Cordoba. Also unexplored neutrals? Possibly some unexplored are neutral or enemy. We need to explore.

We also need to consider building troops. Each village produces resources. We can build new troops. We should build troops to reinforce our armies. Since we need to attack, we need to build troops and send them.

We have to write orders for this turn. Since we are at turn 13, we need to plan.

Let's think about strategy: We need to expand. We have a strong interior rear. We can attack neutral villages to get easy wins. Also we can attack enemy villages like Teruel (defense 10) which is weaker. Madrid is stronger (28). We could also try to capture enemy capital later.

We need to hold 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns. So we need to capture and hold.

We should probably attack neutral villages first to increase count. Also we need to protect our borders.

We can send troops from our border villages. But we must not leave them defenseless? Actually losing a village is not catastrophic, but we want to hold them.

We can also move troops from interior villages to reinforce border villages, but they will take time to march. Since we have no armies on march, we can send them now.

Let's consider each border village's available troops:

- Badajoz (4): 3 archer. Can attack Sevilha (9) from here. March time: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Since we send archers (medium speed), travel time is 1 medium turn? Actually the report says "march from [4] Badajoz: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means if we send slow troops (spearman) it takes 2 turns, medium (archer) 1 turn, fast (knight) 1 turn. So sending archers takes 1 turn. So they would arrive at end of turn? Actually simultaneous orders: we order now, then battle happens at end of turn? The rules: "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." So we order movements, then they march and battle. Travel time: if it takes 1 turn, they arrive and fight at the end of the turn? Probably they arrive and fight immediately, but the report shows travel time. So if we send archers from Badajoz to Sevilha (1 medium turn), they will arrive this turn and fight? Actually the turn structure: we give orders, then the game resolves movements and battles. If travel time is 1 turn, they arrive at the same turn? Usually in these games, if travel time is 1, they arrive at the end of the turn. But the report says "march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns" meaning it takes that many turns to arrive. So if we send now, they will arrive after that many turns. So we need to consider that.

But the problem says: "Each village you hold produces resources every turn, and resources are what build your army." And "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." So we can build troops this turn, and they will be ready in 1 turn? Actually build time: "spearman: costs 15 wood + 0 iron, ready in 1 turn." So if we order a build, it will be ready next turn? Or at the end of this turn? Usually "ready in 1 turn" means it takes 1 turn to build, so it will be available next turn. But we can also send existing troops now.

We need to decide builds and movements for this turn.

Let's analyze resources. Each village has wood and iron. We can build troops using those resources. We should check each village's stock and production.

Villages:
0 Lisboa: wood 130 (+30/turn), iron 100 (+20/turn). Can build archers (20 wood, 10 iron) or spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) or knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Has 6 archer at home. Can build more? Cap 300, currently 6, so plenty. We could build archers or spearman. But Lisboa is interior, not border. Might want to build troops to send to front.

1 Santarem: wood 130, iron 150. Can build.

2 Evora: wood 130, iron 130.

3 Coimbra: wood 100, iron 190. Has 6 spearman, 1 archer.

4 Badajoz: wood 120, iron 100. Has 3 archer.

5 Faro: wood 120, iron 100. Has 10 archer.

6 Porto: wood 90, iron 160. Has 16 spearman.

7 Salamanca: wood 90, iron 100. Has 8 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight. Border with Madrid.

8 Toledo: wood 60, iron 40. Has 8 archer, 3 knight. Border with Cordoba, Madrid, Teruel.

We need to decide which villages to build what. Since we need to attack neutral villages, we might want to build archers because they counter spearman (neutral garrison). Also we can build knights for speed, but they are expensive.

We also need to consider that we can send troops from interior to reinforce border villages. But sending troops takes time and they might be lost. Maybe better to build new troops at border villages and attack immediately.

Let's consider attacking Sevilha (9) from Badajoz (4) or Faro (5). Badajoz has 3 archer, Faro has 10 archer. If we send from Faro: 10 archers, attack 20, with counter (archer vs spearman) 1.5x = 30 effective attack >13, easy win. But we will lose half of defender's effective force = 6.5, so we lose about 3 archers? Actually loss is spread over troop types. Since we only send archers, we lose some archers. The winner loses troops worth half of loser's effective force. Loser's effective force is defense 13? Or is it the defender's attack? The neutral village has 5 spearmen, each attack 1, so total attack 5. But the rule says "effective force" is the metric compared. In defense, the defender's effective force is their defense (with bonus). So if defender's effective defense is 13, then half is 6.5. So we lose troops worth 6.5. How to translate to troop losses? "spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself." It says the amount is the loser's effective force, and winner loses half of that. So we lose a total of 6.5 "force"? But what is the unit? Probably it's a number of troops based on their attack? Or maybe it's a direct subtraction from the army's total attack? The description is vague. In many similar games, losses are calculated as a proportion. But we can assume we will lose some troops. Since we have many, we can afford losses.

Alternatively, we could send from Badajoz: only 3 archers, attack 6, with counter 1.5 = 9 < 13, would lose. So not enough.

We could send from Faro to Sevilha. But Faro is also bordering Sevilha. However, Faro is interior? Actually Faro is interior? It says "Faro | INTERIOR (no enemy border)" but it faces Sevilha (neutral). So it's a front village. So we can send from Faro.

But we also have Porto with 16 spearman, can attack Vigo (10). If we send spearman, their most numerous is spearman, same as enemy (spearman). Tie? The tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So spearman wins? That might mean no counter bonus, or maybe we get no bonus. So our attack would be 16 * 1 = 16, vs defense 13, we win but without bonus. That's fine. But we might lose more.

We could send archers from somewhere else to attack Vigo. But Porto only has spearman. We could send from another village to Vigo? Vigo is only connected to Porto (6) and Burgos (14). So only Porto can attack Vigo directly. So we must use Porto's troops or send from elsewhere to Porto to reinforce, then attack. But sending from elsewhere takes time.

We could also attack Cordoba (11) from Toledo (8). Toledo has 8 archer, 3 knight. If we send archers, we get counter. 8 archers attack 16, with counter 24 >13, win. Or we could send knights? But knights are countered by spearman? Actually enemy has spearman, so knights are countered by spearman? The triangle: spearman counters knight. So if enemy has spearman and we send knights, they counter us? The rule says "Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5". It doesn't say they get a bonus if they counter us. But it says "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counts archer." So only the side that has the counter gets the bonus. If we send knights and enemy has spearman, they have the counter (spearman counters knight), so they should get the bonus. So we don't want to send knights against spearman. So we should send archers.

Thus, for neutral villages, we should send archers.

We also have enemy Teruel (13) with 1 spear, 1 archer, 2 knights. Its most numerous type is knight (2). So to counter, we need spearman as our most numerous type (spearman counters knight). So if we attack Teruel, we should send spearman. Or we could send a mix where spearman is most numerous. Teruel defense is 10. We can attack from Toledo (8). Toledo has 8 archer, 3 knight, no spearman. So we would need to send spearman from elsewhere, or build them.

We could also attack Madrid (12) but it's strong.

Our immediate goal: capture neutral villages to increase count. We can capture Sevilha, Vigo, Cordoba this turn? But we can only send one army per target per turn. We can attack multiple targets from different villages.

We have three front villages with troops: Badajoz (3 archer), Faro (10 archer), Porto (16 spearman), Salamanca (8 spear,1 arch,1 knight), Toledo (8 arch,3 knight). We can order attacks from these.

But we must consider that if we send all troops from a village, it becomes undefended. However, losing a village is not game over, but we want to hold them. We could leave some troops for defense. The enemy might attack our border villages. We don't know enemy orders. They might attack Salamanca or Toledo. We should keep some troops for defense.

Also we can build new troops at these villages to reinforce before sending, but builds take 1 turn, so they wouldn't be ready this turn. We can only send existing troops this turn. But we can build now, and they will be ready next turn, then we can send next turn.

So this turn, we can send existing troops to attack, and build new ones for future.

Let's decide on attacks:

- From Faro (5): send 10 archers to attack Sevilha (9). This will capture Sevilha. But we will lose some troops. After battle, surviving archers will become garrison of Sevilha. Since we lose half of defender's effective force (13/2=6.5), we might lose about 3-4 archers. So we'll have about 6-7 left. That's fine.

- From Porto (6): send 16 spearman to attack Vigo (10). Defense 13, our attack 16, win. Loss: half of 13 = 6.5, so lose about 3-4 spearman. Surviving ~12 spearman become garrison.

- From Toledo (8): send 8 archers to attack Cordoba (11). Attack 16, counter 1.5 =24 >13, win. Loss half of 13 =6.5, lose ~3 archers. Survive ~5.

But we also have Salamanca (7) which borders Madrid (12). We could attack Madrid, but it's strong (defense 28). Our troops: 8 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight. If we send all, what's our effective attack? Most numerous is spearman (8). Against Madrid's most numerous? Madrid has 6 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous is spearman (6). So both spearman, tie? Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So spearman wins? That might mean no counter bonus. Our attack: spearman attack 1 each =8, archer 2*1=2, knight 4*1=4, total 14. No bonus. Defense 28, we lose. So not good.

We could send only archers from Salamanca? Only 1 archer, not enough.

We could send from Toledo to attack Teruel (13) instead of Cordoba. Teruel defense 10, garrison: 1 spear, 1 archer, 2 knights. Most numerous is knight (2). To counter, we need spearman as our most numerous. Toledo has no spearman. If we send archers (8), most numerous archer, enemy most numerous knight. Archer vs knight? Archer does not counter knight; knight counters archer? Actually knight counters archer. So enemy has counter? They have knight most numerous, we have archer most numerous. Knight counters archer, so they get bonus? That would be bad. If we send knights (3), most numerous knight, enemy knight, tie? Might be no bonus. Attack: 3 knights *4 =12, plus maybe other troops? If we send only knights, attack 12, defense 10, we win but without counter. But we have 3 knights, could send all. But we also have archers. If we send mixed, most numerous might be archer (8) if we send all. That would be bad because enemy knight counters archer. So better to send only knights? But we have only 3 knights, attack 12, defense 10, win. Loss half of 10 =5, so lose some knights. But we might lose all 3? Not sure. But we could also send spearman from elsewhere. But we don't have spearman at Toledo. We could send from Coimbra (3) which has 6 spearman, but they are interior and would take time to reach Teruel. Road from Coimbra to Toledo: Coimbra connects to Porto, Salamanca, etc. To reach Teruel, they'd have to go through Salamanca or Toledo? Actually road network: Coimbra [3] connects to [1] Santarem, [6] Porto, [7] Salamanca. To get to Teruel, they'd need to go to Salamanca then to Madrid? Or to Toledo? Salamanca connects to Madrid, Toledo? Actually Salamanca [7] connects to [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto, [12] Madrid. Toledo [8] connects to [4] Badajoz, [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel. So from Coimbra to Toledo, you'd go Coimbra -> Salamanca -> Madrid -> Toledo? Or Coimbra -> Porto -> Salamanca -> Madrid -> Toledo? That's many turns. So not this turn.

Thus, this turn we can attack the three neutrals from our front villages. But we must consider that we can only send one army per target, and each send fights alone. So we can do all three simultaneously.

But we also need to consider that after we capture Sevilha, it becomes ours. However, Sevilha is connected to Badajoz and Faro. That might open new fronts.

Also, we should build troops for next turn. We have many resources. We can build archers at several villages to replenish losses and expand.

Let's decide builds:

We need to build troops to have enough for future attacks. We can build archers because they are versatile and counter spearman. Also we can build spearman for countering knights. We might want to build knights for speed and power.

Check resources:

- Lisboa: wood 130, iron 100. Can build 6 archers (cost 20 wood, 10 iron each) using 120 wood, 60 iron. Or 8 spearman (15 wood) using 120 wood. Or knights (30 wood, 30 iron) can build 4 using 120 wood, 120 iron (but only 100 iron). So max 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron). But Lisboa is interior, we might want to build troops to send to front. But sending takes time. Maybe build archers to send to Badajoz or Faro next turn.

- Santarem: wood 130, iron 150. Can build archers or spearman or knights.

- Evora: wood 130, iron 130.

- Coimbra: wood 100, iron 190. Has 6 spearman already. Can build more spearman (15 wood) or archers.

- Badajoz: wood 120, iron 100. Has 3 archer. Can build more archers (20 wood, 10 iron) up to 6 using 120 wood, 60 iron. Or spearman.

- Faro: wood 120, iron 100. Has 10 archer. Can build more archers.

- Porto: wood 90, iron 160. Has 16 spearman. Can build more spearman (15 wood) or archers.

- Salamanca: wood 90, iron 100. Has 8 spear,1 arch,1 knight. Can build more.

- Toledo: wood 60, iron 40. Has 8 arch,3 knight. Can build more archers (20 wood,10 iron) up to 3 using 60 wood,30 iron. Or spearman (15 wood) up to 4 using 60 wood.

We need to think about our strategy. We want to capture neutral villages and then maybe attack enemy villages. We need to hold 18. After capturing Sevilha, Vigo, Cordoba, we'll have 12 villages. Still need 6 more. There are unexplored villages that might be neutral or enemy. We need to explore and capture.

We also need to consider that enemy might attack our border villages. We should leave some troops for defense. For example, Salamanca borders Madrid. If we send all troops from Salamanca, it might be attacked. But we are not sending from Salamanca this turn. We are sending from Faro, Porto, Toledo. Those villages will lose their troops, but they are front villages; after capture, the surviving troops will stay there as garrison. So they will still have troops. But if we send all, they might be weak. However, we can leave some.

Let's decide exactly what to send.

Option 1: Send all available troops from Faro, Porto, Toledo to the neutrals. But we might want to keep some troops at Toledo because it borders two enemy villages (Madrid, Teruel) and neutral Cordoba. If we send all 8 archers and 3 knights, Toledo would be empty. That's risky if enemy attacks. But we don't know enemy orders. They might attack. We could leave some troops. For example, send 8 archers from Toledo to Cordoba, keep 3 knights at home. Or send only some archers.

Similarly, Porto has 16 spearman. If we send all, Porto empty. But Porto is interior? Actually Porto is interior? It says "Porto | INTERIOR (no enemy border)" but it faces Vigo (neutral). So it's a front village. After we take Vigo, Porto will border our new village. But if we leave Porto empty, it's okay because it's interior relative to enemy? Actually enemy could attack Porto if they capture Vigo. But Vigo is neutral now, so no enemy can attack Porto directly unless they go through Vigo. So it's safe for now.

We could send all 16 spearman from Porto to Vigo. That's fine.

Faro: send all 10 archers to Sevilha.

But we also have Badajoz with 3 archer. We could send them to Sevilha as well? But they would fight separately. If we send from both Faro and Badajoz to Sevilha, they would arrive at different times? Actually they would both march and arrive at same turn? The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if we send from both, they fight sequentially. That could be bad because the first send might win and take the village, then the second send would arrive and fight the new garrison? Or they might fight the original garrison? The rule says "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". If we send from Badajoz to Sevilha, it will stop at Sevilha and fight. If we also send from Faro, it will also stop and fight. They would both fight the same village? But the village can only be attacked once per turn? The rule doesn't specify. It says "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So they would fight in some order. If the first send wins, the village becomes ours, and the second send would then be attacking our own village? That would be bad. Or maybe they both fight the original garrison? The rule is unclear. Usually in these games, you can only attack a village once per turn from one source. To be safe, we should only send from one village per target.

So we will send from Faro to Sevilha, from Porto to Vigo, from Toledo to Cordoba.

Now, what about Salamanca? We could send from Salamanca to Madrid, but it's too strong. We could send a small force to weaken it? No, we'd lose. Better to build up.

We could also send from Salamanca to attack Teruel? But Salamanca is not directly connected to Teruel. Road: Salamanca connects to Madrid, which connects to Teruel? Actually Madrid [12] connects to [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza. Teruel [13] connects to [8] Toledo, [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon. So from Salamanca to Teruel, you'd have to go through Madrid (enemy) or through Toledo? Salamanca -> Madrid -> Toledo -> Teruel? That would stop at Madrid. So not possible directly.

Thus, this turn we can only attack the three neutrals.

Now, we need to decide builds. We should build troops to reinforce our villages for next turn. Since we will lose some troops in attacks, we might want to rebuild them. Also we want to accumulate troops to attack Madrid and other enemy villages.

We can build at the villages that are sending troops, so they have replacements. Or build at interior villages to send to front.

Let's consider each village's production and what we can build.

We need to plan for the next few turns. Our plan: capture Sevilha, Vigo, Cordoba this turn. Then next turn, we might have 12 villages. Then we can explore unexplored areas by sending troops to capture neutral or enemy villages. We need to find more neutrals. The unexplored villages are Burgos, Zaragoza, Valencia, Murcia, Castellon, Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona, Barcelona, Girona. Some may be enemy, some neutral. We can send troops to explore? Actually we can only see villages connected to ours. After capturing neutrals, we will see more.

We also need to consider that enemy might attack our border villages. We should keep some troops in border villages like Salamanca and Toledo. At Toledo, we are sending all archers? We have 8 archers and 3 knights. If we send 8 archers to Cordoba, we keep 3 knights. That's some defense. But knights are weak against spearman? Actually if enemy attacks Toledo, they might have various troops. We'll see.

At Salamanca, we have 8 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight. We could send some to reinforce elsewhere, but we should keep some for defense. Maybe we can send the 1 archer and 1 knight to somewhere? Not useful.

We could also send from Coimbra (interior) to reinforce Porto or Salamanca. But that takes time. This turn, we can send them to a friendly village to arrive later. For example, send Coimbra's 6 spearman to Porto to reinforce, but they would take time: from Coimbra to Porto is 1 slow turn? Actually road: Coimbra [3] to Porto [6] is direct? The report says "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Coimbra. But to Porto, it's probably 1 slow turn. Let's check road network: Coimbra connects to Porto directly. So march from Coimbra to Porto: 1 slow turn? Since spearman are slow, it would take 1 turn? Actually the report gives march times from each village to nearest border village. For Coimbra, nearest border village is Salamanca, with times: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. That suggests Coimbra to Salamanca is 2 slow turns. But Coimbra to Porto might be different. We need to estimate. The road network shows Coimbra [3] connected to [1] Santarem, [6] Porto, [7] Salamanca. So it's directly connected to Porto. The distance might be 1 slow turn? Not specified. We can only use the given march times? The report says "from here to your nearest border village [x] ..." but doesn't give times to other villages. However, we can infer from the road network that it's a direct connection, so travel time is probably 1 turn for any speed? Actually the times given are for the nearest border village, but they show different speeds. For example, from Lisboa to Salamanca: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. That suggests the distance is such that slow takes 3, medium 2, fast 1. So the road length is 3 "slow units". So if we send from Coimbra to Porto, we need to know the distance. Not given. We might assume it's 1 slow turn if they are adjacent. But we don't know for sure. To be safe, we should only use the given march times for attacks, but for reinforcements we can send to our own villages, and the time will be shown in the next report? Actually the report shows march times only to the nearest border village. We might need to estimate. The game likely has a consistent distance metric. We can look at the road network: Coimbra to Porto is a direct road. In the list of villages, Porto's nearest border village is Vigo? Actually Porto is interior? It says "Porto | INTERIOR (no enemy border)" but it faces Vigo. So its nearest border village is itself? Not clear. The report gives for each of your villages the march time to the nearest border village. For Porto, it says "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". Wait, Porto's nearest border village is Salamanca? That seems odd because Porto is not bordering Salamanca? Actually road: Porto [6] connects to [3] Coimbra, [7] Salamanca, [10] Vigo. So Porto is connected to Salamanca. And Salamanca is a border village. So the march time from Porto to Salamanca is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So that means the distance from Porto to Salamanca is 1 slow turn. So if we send from Porto to Salamanca, it takes 1 turn for any troop? Actually slow takes 1, medium 1, fast 1. So it's a short distance.

Similarly, from Coimbra to Porto: Coimbra is connected to Porto. The distance might be similar. But we don't have the exact time. However, we can send troops from Coimbra to Porto, and they will arrive in some number of turns. Since we don't know, we might not want to rely on it. But we can still order it; the game will tell us next turn.

But we need to output orders now. We can send reinforcements from interior to front. For example, send Coimbra's spearman to Porto to replace losses. But Porto is sending its spearman to Vigo, so after battle, Porto will have some surviving troops. If we send reinforcements, they might arrive after the battle. That's fine.

We also might want to send from Lisboa or Santarem to Badajoz or Faro to reinforce after their attacks.

But we need to be careful about ordering builds: we can only build what the village can pay for now.

Let's decide on a concrete set of orders.

Goal: Capture three neutrals this turn. Then next turn, we will have 12 villages. We need to continue expanding.

We should also build troops to prepare for next attacks. Since we are sending archers from Faro and Toledo, we will lose some. We can build archers at those villages to replenish. Also we can build spearman at Porto to replenish.

But we also need to consider that we might want to attack Madrid or Teruel soon. To attack Madrid, we need a strong army. Madrid defense 28. We need to gather troops. We can build at interior villages and march them to the front.

Let's list our current troops and what we can send:

We have no marching troops. So we can send existing troops.

Attacks:
1. From Faro (5) to Sevilha (9): send 10 archers. (All available)
2. From Porto (6) to Vigo (10): send 16 spearman. (All available)
3. From Toledo (8) to Cordoba (11): send 8 archers. (Leaving 3 knights at Toledo)

We could also send from Badajoz (4) to Sevilha? But we already send from Faro. Sending from Badajoz would be separate and might cause issues. Better to just use one source per target.

What about Salamanca? We could send some troops to reinforce Toledo or something, but not needed this turn.

Now builds: We should build troops to have enough for future. Since we are using up existing troops, we need to rebuild.

We can build at:
- Faro: after sending 10 archers, it will have 0 left. But we can build new archers now. Faro has wood 120, iron 100. Can build up to 6 archers (120 wood, 60 iron). Let's build 6 archers. They will be ready next turn.
- Porto: after sending 16 spearman, it will have 0 left. Porto has wood 90, iron 160. Can build spearman (15 wood) up to 6 (90 wood). Or archers (20 wood,10 iron) up to 4 (80 wood,40 iron). Or knights (30 wood,30 iron) up to 3 (90 wood,90 iron). Since we need spearman for future? Actually we might want to build archers for countering spearman. But Porto is a front village; we might want to have some defense. Let's build 6 spearman to replenish, because spearman are cheap and we have many wood. But we also might want archers. Let's think: we need to attack enemy villages that might have knights. Spearman counter knights. So having spearman is good. Also we can build archers at other places. Let's build 6 spearman at Porto.
- Toledo: after sending 8 archers, we have 3 knights left. Toledo has wood 60, iron 40. Can build archers (20 wood,10 iron) up to 3 (60 wood,30 iron). Or spearman (15 wood) up to 4 (60 wood). Let's build 3 archers to have more archers for future attacks. Or we could build spearman to counter knights. But we already have many archers elsewhere. Let's build 3 archers.
- Badajoz: has 3 archer, wood 120, iron 100. We didn't send from it. We can build more archers: up to 6 (120 wood,60 iron). Let's build 6 archers to have a strong front.
- Salamanca: has 8 spear,1 arch,1 knight, wood 90, iron 100. We can build more. We might want to build archers or spearman. Since it borders Madrid, we might want to build spearman to counter Madrid's spearman? Actually Madrid has 6 spear, so if we attack with spearman, we don't get counter. Better to build archers to counter their spearman? But if we attack Madrid, we want our most numerous to be archer to counter their spearman. So building archers is good. Salamanca can build archers: 20 wood,10 iron. With wood 90, can build 4 archers (80 wood,40 iron). Or spearman: 15 wood, can build 6 (90 wood). Let's build 4 archers to prepare for future attack on Madrid.
- Coimbra: interior, has 6 spear,1 arch, wood 100, iron 190. Can build spearman (15 wood) up to 6 (90 wood). Or archers (20 wood,10 iron) up to 5 (100 wood,50 iron). Or knights (30 wood,30 iron) up to 3 (90 wood,90 iron). We might want to build knights for speed and power. But we need to send them to front. Let's build some archers or spearman. Since we need to reinforce the front, we can build archers to send to Salamanca or Toledo. Let's build 5 archers (100 wood,50 iron). They can be sent next turn.
- Lisboa: wood 130, iron 100. Can build archers: up to 6 (120 wood,60 iron). Or spearman: up to 8 (120 wood). Or knights: up to 3 (90 wood,90 iron). Let's build 6 archers to have more archers.
- Santarem: wood 130, iron 150. Can build archers: up to 6 (120 wood,60 iron). Or spearman: up to 8 (120 wood). Or knights: up to 4 (120 wood,120 iron). Let's build 6 archers.
- Evora: wood 130, iron 130. Can build archers: up to 6 (120 wood,60 iron). Let's build 6 archers.

But we need to consider that each village has a cap of 300 troops. Currently none are near cap. So we can build many.

However, we must only order builds that the village can pay for NOW. We have the resources. So we can build multiple units per village.

But we also need to consider that building troops uses resources that could be used for next turns' builds. Since we have production each turn, we can build every turn.

We should also consider that we might want to build knights somewhere for future. Knights are expensive but fast and powerful. We could build a few knights at Salamanca or Toledo to have a fast strike force. But we need to use them wisely.

Let's think about the counter triangle. To attack Madrid (most numerous spearman), we want archers as our most numerous. So we should build archers. To attack Teruel (most numerous knight), we want spearman as our most numerous. So we need spearman too. To attack Barcelona (unknown), we need to adapt.

So we need a mix. We have many archers already (38). We have 30 spearman, 4 knights. We might want more spearman for countering knights.

We can build spearman at Coimbra, Porto, Salamanca, etc.

Let's decide builds for this turn:

We want to have a balanced army. Let's build mostly archers and some spearman.

Proposed builds:
- Lisboa: build 6 archers (uses 120 wood, 60 iron)
- Santarem: build 6 archers (120 wood, 60 iron)
- Evora: build 6 archers (120 wood, 60 iron)
- Coimbra: build 6 spearman (90 wood, 0 iron) - because we have lots of iron, and need spearman. Or build 5 archers? Let's build 6 spearman to have spearman.
- Badajoz: build 6 archers (120 wood, 60 iron)
- Faro: build 6 archers (120 wood, 60 iron) - to replace those sent.
- Porto: build 6 spearman (90 wood, 0 iron) - replace sent.
- Salamanca: build 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) - to prepare for Madrid.
- Toledo: build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) - replace sent.

Check resources:
Lisboa: wood 130, after build 6 archers: wood 10, iron 40. OK.
Santarem: wood 130 -> 10, iron 150 -> 90. OK.
Evora: wood 130 -> 10, iron 130 -> 70. OK.
Coimbra: wood 100 -> 10 (if build 6 spearman, cost 90 wood), iron 190 unchanged. Actually spearman cost 15 wood, 0 iron. So 6*15=90 wood. Wood 100 -> 10. OK.
Badajoz: wood 120 -> 0? 6 archers cost 120 wood, so wood 0, iron 100 -> 40. OK.
Faro: wood 120 -> 0, iron 100 -> 40. OK.
Porto: wood 90 -> 0 (6 spearman cost 90 wood), iron 160 unchanged. OK.
Salamanca: wood 90 -> 10 (4 archers cost 80 wood), iron 100 -> 60. OK.
Toledo: wood 60 -> 0 (3 archers cost 60 wood), iron 40 -> 10. OK.

All can pay.

But we also need to consider that we might want to build knights somewhere. Maybe not this turn.

Now movements: We need to specify the attacks.

We must send troops from the villages to the targets. The JSON format: "movements": [ {"fromId": 5, "toId": 9, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 10, "knight": 0}} ]

But we need to be careful: when we send troops, they are removed from the source village and march. After they win, they become garrison at the target. So we should send all available? We decided to send all from Faro, Porto, and all archers from Toledo.

But we might want to leave some troops at Toledo for defense. We have 3 knights there. We can leave them. So send only archers.

What about Badajoz? We have 3 archers there. We could send them to Sevilha as well, but that would be a second attack on Sevilha. That might be risky. Better to not send them, or send them to reinforce Faro? But Faro is sending its troops, so if we send Badajoz's archers to Faro, they would arrive at Faro (our village) and join garrison. But Faro is sending all its troops, so it will be empty. If we send reinforcements to Faro, they might arrive after the battle? Actually if we send from Badajoz to Faro, they will march to Faro. But Faro is our village, so they will join its garrison. However, Faro is also sending troops to Sevilha. The orders are simultaneous. So Faro's troops will leave Faro and march to Sevilha. Meanwhile, Badajoz's troops will march to Faro. They might arrive at Faro after Faro's troops have left. That's fine; they will reinforce Faro. But we need to consider travel time: Badajoz to Faro is connected? Road: Badajoz [4] connects to [5] Faro directly. So march time? Not given, but likely 1 or 2 turns. If it takes 1 turn, they arrive next turn? Actually if we send now, they will take some turns. We might not want to leave Faro empty for a turn. But since Faro is sending troops, it will have no garrison until reinforcements arrive. That could be vulnerable if enemy attacks. But enemy is not likely to attack Faro because it's interior relative to enemy? Actually Faro is on the front, but it's not bordering any enemy village, only neutral Sevilha. So enemy can only reach Faro by capturing Sevilha first. So it's safe for now.

We could also send Badajoz's archers to attack Sevilha directly. But as said, two attacks on same target might be problematic. The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if we send from both Faro and Badajoz to Sevilha, they will fight sequentially. If Faro's attack succeeds and captures Sevilha, then Badajoz's troops would arrive and find it's now our village. They would then stop? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". If Sevilha becomes ours in the same turn, does Badajoz's army stop there? It says "not yours" at the time of arrival. Since the turn is simultaneous, the order of battles might be determined by something. It's ambiguous. To avoid risk, we should only send one attack per target.

So we will not send from Badajoz to Sevilha. Instead, we can send Badajoz's archers to reinforce Faro or to another target. Or we can just keep them at Badajoz.

Let's decide movements:

- From Faro (5) to Sevilha (9): 10 archers.
- From Porto (6) to Vigo (10): 16 spearman.
- From Toledo (8) to Cordoba (11): 8 archers.

That's it for attacks.

We could also send reinforcements from interior villages to front villages to prepare for future. For example, send Coimbra's 6 spearman to Porto to replace losses. But Porto is sending its spearman to Vigo, so after battle, Porto will have some surviving spearman. If we send Coimbra's spearman to Porto, they will arrive later and reinforce. That's good. But we need to specify the march. Coimbra to Porto: road distance? We can estimate. Since Coimbra to Salamanca is 2 slow turns, to Porto might be 1 slow turn? Actually from the report: Coimbra's nearest border village is Salamanca, with 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. That suggests the distance to Salamanca is 2 slow turns. Porto is also connected to Coimbra. The distance might be similar. But we don't know exactly. We can still order it; the game will process it.

But we must be careful: if we send Coimbra's spearman to Porto, they will march along the road. They will pass through? Coimbra to Porto is direct, no other villages. So they will arrive at Porto. Since Porto is ours, they join garrison. That's fine.

We could also send from Lisboa or Santarem to Badajoz or Faro. But maybe we should send to Salamanca to prepare for Madrid attack. Salamanca has 8 spear,1 arch,1 knight. We could send reinforcements there. For example, send Coimbra's spearman to Salamanca instead of Porto. But Porto is losing its spearman, so reinforcing Porto might be good to hold Vigo after capture.

Let's think about the order of battles. When we capture a neutral village, the surviving attackers stay there as garrison. So after capturing Vigo, Porto's surviving spearman will be in Vigo. Porto itself will be left with whatever was there plus any reinforcements. If we send Coimbra's spearman to Porto, they will arrive at Porto after some turns. But Porto might be empty for a while. That's okay because no enemy can reach Porto directly.

We might want to send reinforcements to the newly captured villages to strengthen their garrison, but we can only send to our own villages. We can send to Vigo after it's ours, but that would be next turn.

This turn, we can only send to existing villages.

Let's consider sending from Coimbra (3) to Porto (6): 6 spearman. Travel time: we need to know how many turns. Since we don't have the exact time, we can still order it. The game will tell us in next report. But we must be aware that if it takes multiple turns, they might not arrive in time for next battles.

Alternatively, we could send Coimbra's spearman to Salamanca (7) to prepare for Madrid. Salamanca is a border village with Madrid. If we want to attack Madrid eventually, we need troops there. Coimbra to Salamanca: the report says from Coimbra to nearest border village Salamanca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So sending spearman (slow) takes 2 turns. So they would arrive in 2 turns. That's okay.

We could also send from Lisboa to Badajoz, etc.

But we need to keep it simple. Let's just send reinforcements to the villages that are losing troops. Porto loses all 16 spearman. So sending Coimbra's 6 spearman to Porto will help. Faro loses all 10 archers; we could send archers from somewhere to Faro. For example, send from Evora (2) to Faro (5): Evora has 3 archer, but we might want to keep them. Or send from Lisboa. But Lisboa to Faro is not directly connected? Road: Lisboa [0] connects to [1] Santarem and [2] Evora. To get to Faro, you'd go through Evora or Santarem -> Badajoz -> Faro. That's multiple hops. So not direct.

Better to build new troops at Faro itself, which we already planned (6 archers). They will be ready next turn. So Faro will have 6 archers next turn, but they are at home. If we want to send them to Sevilha next turn, we can.

Similarly, Porto will have 6 new spearman next turn.

Toledo will have 3 new archers next turn.

So we don't necessarily need to send reinforcements from far away. However, sending from interior can bring troops to the front faster than building? Actually building takes 1 turn, and then they are at that village. Sending from interior takes travel time. So building at the front is faster.

Thus, we might not need to send reinforcements this turn. We can just build at the front villages.

But we also need to consider that we might want to gather troops at Salamanca for an attack on Madrid. We can build there and also send troops from interior to Salamanca. For example, Coimbra has many resources and can build troops. We can build spearman at Coimbra and then send them to Salamanca. But that takes time. Alternatively, we can build spearman at Salamanca directly. Salamanca has wood 90, iron 100. We planned to build 4 archers there. We could also build spearman. But we need to decide what to build where to optimize.

Let's think about the overall campaign. We need 18 villages. After capturing the 3 neutrals, we have 12. We need 6 more. The unexplored villages: Burgos (14), Zaragoza (17), Valencia (16), Murcia (15), Castellon (18), Pamplona (19), Huesca (20), Tarragona (21), Barcelona (22), Girona (23). Some of these are enemy or neutral. We need to capture them. We also have enemy villages Madrid (12) and Teruel (13) currently. There may be other enemy villages in unexplored.

To win, we can either hold 18 for 2 turns or eliminate all enemy villages. Eliminating all enemy villages might be easier? We need to capture Madrid, Teruel, and any other enemy villages. The enemy capital Barcelona is hard but not required. If we eliminate all enemy villages, we win. So we can focus on attacking enemy villages.

But we also need to hold them. So we need to capture and hold.

We should explore the map by moving troops to unexplored areas. But we can only see villages connected to ours. After capturing neutrals, we will see more. For example, after capturing Vigo (10), we will see Burgos (14) because Vigo connects to Burgos. So we can then attack Burgos.

Similarly, Sevilha connects to Cordoba (11) and maybe others? Sevilha [9] connects to [4] Badajoz, [5] Faro, [11] Cordoba. So capturing Sevilha doesn't reveal new villages beyond what we already see? Actually Cordoba is already visible (neutral). But we might see Murcia? Cordoba connects to Murcia [15]. So after capturing Cordoba, we see Murcia.

So we can expand step by step.

Our plan for next turns: This turn capture 3 neutrals. Next turn, we will have new villages. Then we can build and attack further.

Now, we need to write the plan and statement.

Plan: "Capture the three neutral villages (Sevilha, Vigo, Cordoba) to increase our count to 12. Then focus on capturing Burgos from Vigo, and Murcia from Cordoba, to expand north and east. Build archers and spearman at front villages to sustain attacks. Prepare to attack Madrid by gathering troops at Salamanca."

Statement: "This turn, we launch a three-pronged attack on the neutral villages of Sevilha, Vigo, and Cordoba, using our front-line troops. Our archers and spearmen should easily overcome their spearman garrisons. We also begin rebuilding our forces at the front villages to prepare for the next phase of the campaign."

Now, we need to output JSON.

We must ensure the JSON is valid. The fields: build, movements, plan, statement.

Build: list of objects with villageId, type, quantity.

Movements: list of objects with fromId, toId, troops.

We need to decide on all builds and movements.

Let's finalize builds:

We'll build at the following villages:

- Lisboa (0): 6 archers
- Santarem (1): 6 archers
- Evora (2): 6 archers
- Coimbra (3): 6 spearman (since we need spearman, and Coimbra has wood)
- Badajoz (4): 6 archers
- Faro (5): 6 archers
- Porto (6): 6 spearman
- Salamanca (7): 4 archers
- Toledo (8): 3 archers

But we should check if we can build more at some villages to utilize resources better. For example, Salamanca has wood 90, iron 100. We built 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron). We could also build 1 spearman (15 wood) to use remaining wood? But we have 10 wood left, not enough for spearman (15). So we can't. We could build fewer archers to leave wood for something else? But we want archers. So it's fine.

Toledo: wood 60, iron 40. 3 archers use 60 wood, 30 iron. Leaves 10 iron. Could we build 1 knight? Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Not enough wood. So fine.

Porto: wood 90, iron 160. 6 spearman use 90 wood. Leaves 160 iron. We could also build archers? But we have no wood left. So we can't build archers (need wood). So we can only build spearman or knights? Knights need wood too. So we can only build spearman with wood. So 6 spearman uses all wood. Good.

Badajoz: wood 120, iron 100. 6 archers use 120 wood, 60 iron. Leaves 40 iron. Could build more archers? No wood. Could build spearman? Need wood. So fine.

Faro: same.

Coimbra: wood 100, iron 190. 6 spearman use 90 wood. Leaves 10 wood, 190 iron. Could build 1 archer? Archer needs 20 wood, not enough. So fine.

Lisboa: wood 130, iron 100. 6 archers use 120 wood, 60 iron. Leaves 10 wood, 40 iron. Could build 1 spearman? 15 wood, not enough. So fine.

Santarem: wood 130, iron 150. 6 archers use 120 wood, 60 iron. Leaves 10 wood, 90 iron.

Evora: wood 130, iron 130. 6 archers use 120 wood, 60 iron. Leaves 10 wood, 70 iron.

So all good.

Now movements: We need to send troops from Faro to Sevilha, Porto to Vigo, Toledo to Cordoba.

But we also might want to send some troops from interior to reinforce. Let's consider sending Coimbra's spearman to Porto to reinforce, but we already used Coimbra's resources to build spearman. Those spearman will be ready next turn at Coimbra. We could send them to Porto next turn. This turn, Coimbra already has 6 spearman at home (existing). We could send those existing spearman to Porto now. But if we send them, Coimbra will be left with 0 spearman (since we have 6 spearman, 1 archer; if we send 6 spearman, we leave 1 archer). That might be okay. But then we would have no spearman at Coimbra. But Coimbra is interior, not under immediate threat. We can send them to Porto to help capture Vigo? But Porto is already sending 16 spearman to Vigo, which is enough. Sending Coimbra's spearman to Vigo would be a second attack, which we decided against. Sending them to Porto would just reinforce Porto after the attack. But Porto will be empty after sending its troops. If we send Coimbra's spearman to Porto, they will march and arrive at Porto. But Porto is our village, so they will join garrison. However, they might arrive after the battle. That's fine. But we need to consider travel time: Coimbra to Porto is likely 1 slow turn? Actually from Coimbra to Salamanca is 2 slow turns, so to Porto might be 1 slow turn? Not sure. Let's check the road network: Coimbra [3] connects to Porto [6] directly. The distance might be similar to Coimbra-Salamanca? Salamanca is also connected to Coimbra. The report says from Coimbra to nearest border village Salamanca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. That suggests the distance to Salamanca is 2 slow units. Porto might be closer? We don't know. To be safe, we can just not send them this turn. We can send them next turn after we see the travel times.

We could send from Lisboa or Santarem to somewhere. But maybe we should just focus on the attacks and builds.

Let's also consider that we might want to send a small force to attack Teruel (13) from Toledo. We have 3 knights at Toledo. If we send them to Teruel, they would fight. Teruel has 1 spear, 1 archer, 2 knights. Most numerous is knight (2). Our knights (3) are most numerous. Knight vs knight tie? No counter. Our attack: 3 knights *4 =12. Defense 10. We win. Loss: half of 10 =5. We might lose 1-2 knights. But we would capture Teruel, an enemy village! That would reduce enemy count. And we need to eliminate enemy villages to win. So maybe we should attack Teruel as well this turn.

But we need to consider that if we send the 3 knights from Toledo to Teruel, Toledo will be left with 0 troops (since we are also sending 8 archers to Cordoba). That leaves Toledo empty. But Toledo borders Madrid and Cordoba (after capture). If we leave it empty, enemy could attack it. But maybe they won't. We could leave some troops. We have 8 archers and 3 knights. We could send only some archers to Cordoba, keeping some for defense. For example, send 5 archers to Cordoba, keep 3 archers and 3 knights at Toledo. But 5 archers might be enough? Attack 10, with counter 1.5 =15 >13, win. So we can send 5 archers instead of 8. That leaves 3 archers for defense. That's better.

Similarly, we could send some of Porto's spearman to Vigo, leaving some for defense. But Porto is interior, so less risky. We could send 10 spearman, keep 6.

Let's optimize:

- Faro: send 10 archers to Sevilha. (All) Faro will be empty, but we build 6 next turn.
- Porto: send 12 spearman to Vigo, keep 4 for defense. (Or send all 16, but leave some)
- Toledo: send 5 archers to Cordoba, keep 3 archers and 3 knights. Also consider sending knights to Teruel? If we send knights to Teruel, we need to leave some for defense. We could send 2 knights to Teruel, keep 1 knight and 3 archers. But 2 knights attack 8, defense 10, might lose? Let's compute: 2 knights attack 8, defense 10 -> lose. So need at least 3 knights to win (attack 12 >10). So if we send all 3 knights, we win but lose some. Then Toledo has only 3 archers left. That's weak. But maybe we can send reinforcements from elsewhere.

Alternatively, we could send the 3 knights to Teruel and also send some spearman from Coimbra to reinforce Toledo. But that's complicated.

Let's think about the priority. We need to capture enemy villages to win. Teruel is an enemy village with low defense (10). Capturing it would give us +1 village and eliminate an enemy. That's good. We also need to capture Madrid eventually. But Madrid is strong.

We could attack Teruel from Toledo using the 3 knights. That would be a separate attack. We can do both: send 5 archers to Cordoba and 3 knights to Teruel from Toledo. But then Toledo has 3 archers left. That's okay.

But we must check if we can send two armies from the same village in the same turn? The rules don't forbid it. "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up" but from the same village, you can send multiple groups? The rule says "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." It doesn't say you can't send multiple groups from the same village to different targets. So we can split the garrison.

So from Toledo, we can send 5 archers to Cordoba and 3 knights to Teruel. That uses all troops except 3 archers? Actually Toledo has 8 archers, 3 knights. If we send 5 archers and 3 knights, we have 3 archers left. Good.

Now, what about Porto? We can send 12 spearman to Vigo, keep 4 spearman for defense.

Faro: send all 10 archers to Sevilha.

Now, we also have Salamanca. We could send some troops from Salamanca to attack Madrid? Not wise. We could send them to reinforce Toledo or something. But we can just keep them at Salamanca.

We also have Badajoz with 3 archers. We could send them to reinforce Faro after Faro's attack, but travel time might be long. Or we could send them to Sevilha after it's captured? Not this turn.

We could send Badajoz's archers to Salamanca to prepare for Madrid. But road: Badajoz to Salamanca is direct? Badajoz [4] connects to [7] Salamanca. So we can send them. Travel time: from Badajoz to Salamanca? Not given. But we can estimate from Salamanca's perspective: Salamanca to Badajoz is probably similar. The report says from Salamanca to nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. But to Badajoz, it might be different. We can still order.

But maybe we should just keep them at Badajoz for now.

Let's decide on movements:

1. from Faro (5) to Sevilha (9): 10 archers
2. from Porto (6) to Vigo (10): 12 spearman (keep 4)
3. from Toledo (8) to Cordoba (11): 5 archers
4. from Toledo (8) to Teruel (13): 3 knights

Check if we have enough at Toledo: 8 archers, 3 knights. After sending 5 archers and 3 knights, we have 3 archers left. Good.

Now, we need to ensure that the attacks are feasible.

Attack on Cordoba: 5 archers, attack 10, counter 1.5 (archer vs spearman) = 15 >13, win.
Attack on Teruel: 3 knights, attack 12, vs defense 10. Enemy most numerous is knight (2). Our most numerous is knight (3). Tie? Knight vs knight, no counter. So attack 12 >10, win.
Attack on Vigo: 12 spearman, attack 12, vs defense 13. No counter (both spearman). Attack 12 < 13, lose! Wait, we need to win. 12 spearman attack 12, defense 13, we lose because attack < defense. So we need more spearman. If we send all 16, attack 16 >13, win. So we must send all 16 to win. So we cannot keep 4. We need to send all 16 spearman from Porto to Vigo to ensure victory. If we send only 12, we lose. So we must send all 16.

Thus, Porto will be empty after sending. That's okay.

Now, Faro: 10 archers, attack 20, counter 1.5 =30 >13, win.

Toledo to Cordoba: 5 archers, attack 10, counter 1.5 =15 >13, win.

Toledo to Teruel: 3 knights, attack 12 >10, win.

But we need to consider losses. In each battle, we will lose some troops. The losses are half of the loser's effective force. For neutrals, defense 13, so we lose 6.5 worth of troops. For Teruel, defense 10, lose 5. So our armies will be reduced. After battle, the survivors become garrison.

For Faro: 10 archers, lose ~3-4 archers, survive ~6.
For Porto: 16 spearman, lose ~3-4 spearman, survive ~12.
For Toledo to Cordoba: 5 archers, lose ~2-3 archers, survive ~2-3.
For Toledo to Teruel: 3 knights, lose ~1-2 knights, survive ~1-2.

So after battles, our new garrisons will be decent.

Now, what about the village of Toledo itself? It will have 3 archers left. That's a small defense. But it's okay.

We also need to consider that the enemy might attack this turn. They might attack Salamanca or Toledo. We don't know. We should try to have enough defense. Salamanca has 8 spear,1 arch,1 knight. That's decent. Toledo has 3 archers, which is weak but maybe okay.

We could also send reinforcements from Coimbra to Toledo to help. Coimbra has 6 spearman, 1 archer. We could send the 6 spearman to Toledo. Road: Coimbra to Toledo? Coimbra connects to Salamanca and Porto. To get to Toledo, you'd go Coimbra -> Salamanca -> Madrid -> Toledo? Or Coimbra -> Porto -> Salamanca -> Madrid -> Toledo. That's long. Not in one turn. So not helpful this turn.

Alternatively, we could send Coimbra's spearman to Porto to reinforce after battle. But Porto will be empty, and we want to have troops there. If we send Coimbra's spearman to Porto, they will arrive in some turns. That's good for future.

Let's decide to send Coimbra's 6 spearman to Porto (6) to reinforce. We'll keep the 1 archer at Coimbra.

Also, we could send from Lisboa or Santarem to somewhere. But maybe not necessary.

We also need to consider building troops at the villages that are sending troops, to replace losses. We already planned builds.

Now, we need to write the JSON.

Build list:
- villageId: 0, type: "archer", quantity: 6
- villageId: 1, type: "archer", quantity: 6
- villageId: 2, type: "archer", quantity: 6
- villageId: 3, type: "spearman", quantity: 6
- villageId: 4, type: "archer", quantity: 6
- villageId: 5, type: "archer", quantity: 6
- villageId: 6, type: "spearman", quantity: 6
- villageId: 7, type: "archer", quantity: 4
- villageId: 8, type: "archer", quantity: 3

But wait: we also might want to build knights somewhere? Maybe not.

Movements list:
- fromId: 5, toId: 9, troops: {"spearman": 0, "archer": 10, "knight": 0}
- fromId: 6, toId: 10, troops: {"spearman": 16, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}
- fromId: 8, toId: 11, troops: {"spearman": 0, "archer": 5, "knight": 0}
- fromId: 8, toId: 13, troops: {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 3}
- fromId: 3, toId: 6, troops: {"spearman": 6, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}  // Coimbra to Porto

But we need to check if Coimbra has 6 spearman to send. Yes, it has 6 spearman at home. If we send them, Coimbra will have only 1 archer left. That's fine.

But we must ensure that the march from Coimbra to Porto is valid. The road exists. Travel time: we don't know, but the game will handle it.

We could also send from Coimbra to Salamanca instead. But let's stick with Porto.

Now, we need to write plan and statement.

Plan: "This turn, we attack the three neutral villages (Sevilha, Vigo, Cordoba) and the enemy village Teruel, using a combination of archers, spearman, and knights. We send all troops from Faro and Porto to capture Sevilha and Vigo, while Toledo splits its forces to take Cordoba and Teruel. We build replacements at the front villages and send reinforcements from Coimbra to Porto. Our next goal is to consolidate these gains and expand into Burgos and Murcia, while preparing for an eventual assault on Madrid."

Statement: "We have launched a major offensive this turn, targeting the neutral villages of Sevilha, Vigo, and Cordoba, as well as the weakly defended enemy village of Teruel. Our archers and spearmen should overcome the neutral garrisons, while our knights strike at Teruel. We are also rebuilding our forces and reinforcing our front lines to sustain the campaign."

Now, we need to output JSON. Ensure no trailing text.

Let's double-check the JSON structure.

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "archer", "quantity": 6},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "archer", "quantity": 6},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "archer", "quantity": 6},
    {"villageId": 3, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 6},
    {"villageId": 4, "type": "archer", "quantity": 6},
    {"villageId": 5, "type": "archer", "quantity": 6},
    {"villageId": 6, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 6},
    {"villageId": 7, "type": "archer", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 8, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 5, "toId": 9, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 10, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 6, "toId": 10, "troops": {"spearman": 16, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 8, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 5, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 8, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 3}},
    {"fromId": 3, "toId": 6, "troops": {"spearman": 6, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}}
  ],
  "plan": "...",
  "statement": "..."
}

We need to ensure that the troops we send are available. Check each:

Faro: has 10 archer, send 10. OK.
Porto: has 16 spearman, send 16. OK.
Toledo: has 8 archer, 3 knight. Send 5 archer and 3 knight. OK. (We leave 3 archer)
Coimbra: has 6 spearman, 1 archer. Send 6 spearman. OK. (Leave 1 archer)

Now, what about the builds? We are building at many villages. But we must ensure that the villages can pay for the builds with their current resources. We already checked.

But note: the resources listed are for the start of the turn. After building, they will be deducted. But we also need to consider that the villages that are sending troops might also be building. That's fine; resources are deducted for builds regardless of troop movements.

One more thing: The rule "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." So we must ensure that the village has enough resources to build the units we ordered. We checked.

But we also need to consider that some villages are sending troops, but that doesn't affect resources directly (resources are used for building, not for maintaining troops). So it's fine.

Now, we should also consider if we want to build at Salamanca and Toledo more. We have builds planned.

Let's verify resources for each build again with exact numbers:

Lisboa: wood 130, iron 100. Build 6 archers: cost 20 wood, 10 iron each -> total 120 wood, 60 iron. Remaining: wood 10, iron 40. OK.
Santarem: wood 130, iron 150. 6 archers: 120 wood, 60 iron. Remaining: wood 10, iron 90. OK.
Evora: wood 130, iron 130. 6 archers: 120 wood, 60 iron. Remaining: wood 10, iron 70. OK.
Coimbra: build 6 spearman: cost 15 wood each -> 90 wood. Wood 100 -> 10, iron 190 unchanged. OK.
Badajoz: wood 120, iron 100. 6 archers: 120 wood, 60 iron. Remaining: wood 0, iron 40. OK.
Faro: wood 120, iron 100. 6 archers: 120 wood, 60 iron. Remaining: wood 0, iron 40. OK.
Porto: wood 90, iron 160. 6 spearman: 90 wood. Remaining: wood 0, iron 160. OK.
Salamanca: wood 90, iron 100. 4 archers: 80 wood, 40 iron. Remaining: wood 10, iron 60. OK.
Toledo: wood 60, iron 40. 3 archers: 60 wood, 30 iron. Remaining: wood 0, iron 10. OK.

All good.

Now, we need to write the plan and statement within character limits. Plan: 2-6 lines, statement: 2-4 lines.

Let's write them concisely.

Plan: "Capture the three neutral villages and the enemy village Teruel this turn to expand our territory and reduce enemy numbers. Send all troops from Faro, Porto, and part of Toledo to secure these targets. Build replacements at the front and reinforce Porto from Coimbra. Next turn, consolidate our new villages, explore north into Burgos and east into Murcia, and prepare for an assault on Madrid."

Statement: "This turn, we launch a coordinated strike on the neutral villages of Sevilha, Vigo, and Cordoba, as well as the enemy outpost at Teruel. Our archers, spearmen, and knights are sent to overwhelm the defenses and expand our kingdom's borders. We also begin rebuilding our forces to sustain the campaign."

Now, output JSON.

Make sure the JSON is valid. Use double quotes.

We should also consider if we need to include any other movements. For example, we could send from Badajoz to somewhere. But we'll leave it.

One potential issue: The attack on Teruel from Toledo: we are sending 3 knights. Teruel's garrison: 1 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knights. Effective defense 10. Our attack: 3 knights *4 =12. Since both most numerous are knights, no counter. So effective attack 12 >10, we win. But we need to consider that the defender also has attack? In combat, we only compare our attack vs their defense. Their attack doesn't matter when they are defending? The rule: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs." So only defense matters. So we win.

But we also need to consider that after we win, the loser is destroyed entirely, and we lose half of loser's effective force. Loser's effective force is their defense? Or their attack? The rule says "the WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force". The loser's effective force is the metric that was compared. For defender, it's their defense. So we lose half of 10 =5. So we lose 5 "force" worth of troops. Since we only have knights, we lose some knights. How many? A knight has attack 4, defense 2. The "force" might be based on attack? Not sure. But we'll lose some.

Now, what about the attack on Cordoba: 5 archers, attack 10, counter 1.5 =15. Defense 13, win. Lose half of 13 =6.5, so lose about 3 archers (each archer attack 2, so 3 archers =6 attack). So we might lose 3 archers, leaving 2.

Attack on Vigo: 16 spearman, attack 16, defense 13, win. Lose half of 13 =6.5, lose about 3-4 spearman (each attack 1). So lose 4 spearman, leave 12.

Attack on Sevilha: 10 archers, attack 20, counter 1.5 =30, defense 13, win. Lose 6.5, lose about 3 archers, leave 7.

So after battles, our new garrisons will be decent.

Now, we also send Coimbra's 6 spearman to Porto. They will march and arrive at Porto after some turns. Porto will be empty initially, but then get reinforcements.

We should also consider that we might want to send Coimbra's 1 archer somewhere? No.

Now, let's finalize the JSON.

We need to ensure that the "plan" and "statement" are strings. They can be multi-line? The instruction says "2 to 6 lines" and "2 to 4 lines", but in JSON they are strings. We can include newlines? Probably better to keep them as single-line strings or with \n. But the instruction says "write two short texts" and "every turn". We'll just write them as plain strings without newlines for simplicity.

Let's produce the JSON.

ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"arqueiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":5,"destinoId":9,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":10,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":6,"destinoId":10,"tropas":{"lanceiro":16,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":8,"destinoId":11,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":5,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":8,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":3}},{"origemId":3,"destinoId":6,"tropas":{"lanceiro":6,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}}]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [4]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [4]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [4]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [4]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [4]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [4]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [7]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [7]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [7]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [7]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [8]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [8]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [8]
ACEITO envio [5]->[9]: 10A (alvo neutra lanceiro)
ACEITO envio [6]->[10]: 16S (alvo neutra lanceiro)
ACEITO envio [8]->[11]: 5A (alvo neutra lanceiro)
ACEITO envio [8]->[13]: 3K
ACEITO envio [3]->[6]: 6S
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Capture the three neutral villages (Sevilha, Vigo, Cordoba) and the enemy village Teruel this turn to expand our territory and reduce enemy numbers. Send all troops from Faro, Porto, and part of Toledo to secure these targets. Build replacements at the front and reinforce Porto from Coimbra. Next turn, consolidate our new villages, explore north into Burgos and east into Murcia, and prepare for an assault on Madrid.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): This turn, we launch a coordinated strike on the neutral villages of Sevilha, Vigo, and Cordoba, as well as the enemy outpost at Teruel. Our archers, spearmen, and knights are sent to overwhelm the defenses and expand our kingdom's borders. We also begin rebuilding our forces to sustain the campaign.
########## TURNO 13 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3542 | resposta 21242 | raciocinio 14990 | finish stop | ms 195925
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 5},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 5},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 12, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 3}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 16, \"toId\": 15, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 4, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 12, \"toId\": 14, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 4, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 17, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 18, \"toId\": 16, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 1}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Attacking neutral Murcia and Burgos with archers/knights to exploit their spearman garrisons (counter bonus 1.5x). Building archers everywhere and knights in high-iron villages. Reinforcing border villages Teruel and Valencia for next turns. Keep 6 spearman at Madrid for defense (effective defense 15 vs Salamanca's 14 attack). Next turn: capture neutrals, build in them, prepare to attack Toledo/Salamanca.\",\n  \"statement\": \"I launched a two-pronged attack against the neutral villages of Murcia and Burgos, sending my archers and knights to exploit their spearman garrisons with the counter triangle bonus. My armies are building across the kingdom, with archers produced in every village to maintain the advantage. Reinforcements march to my border towns Teruel and Valencia to prepare for the next phase of the campaign, while Madrid keeps a spearman shield for defense.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B in a turn-based strategy game. I need to output a JSON object with "build", "movements", "plan", and "statement" fields.

Let me analyze the situation:
- I hold 10 of 24 villages (need 18 for 2 consecutive turns to win, or eliminate all enemy villages)
- Enemy capital is [0] Lisboa, but taking it is NOT required to win
- Enemy villages I can see: [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo
- Neutral villages: [15] Murcia, [14] Burgos
- Unexplored: [11] Cordoba, [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto, [10] Vigo, [3] Coimbra, [9] Sevilha, [5] Faro, [1] Santarem, [0] Lisboa, [2] Evora

My villages and their available troops:
- [22] Barcelona: 5 spearman, 2 archer, 5 knight
- [21] Tarragona: 0 spearman, 3 archer, 3 knight
- [23] Girona: 8 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight
- [18] Castellon: 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight
- [17] Zaragoza: 6 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight
- [20] Huesca: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight
- [16] Valencia: 0 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight
- [13] Teruel: 1 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight (border with [8] Toledo)
- [12] Madrid: 6 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight (border with [7], [8])
- [19] Pamplona: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight

Total troops available: 33 spearman, 22 archer, 24 knight = 79 soldiers

Enemy villages I can see:
- [7] Salamanca: 8 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight, effective defense 25
- [8] Toledo: 8 archers, 3 knights, effective defense 28

Neutral villages:
- [15] Murcia: 5 spearmen, effective defense 13
- [14] Burgos: 5 spearmen, effective defense 13

My goal: hold 18 villages (need 8 more). Currently 10.

Let me think about strategy. I need to expand. The enemy has villages [7] Salamanca and [8] Toledo near my borders. There are also neutral villages [14] Burgos and [15] Murcia.

Taking neutral villages first might be easier since they have only 5 spearmen and defense 13.

Let me check march distances:
- [15] Murcia from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns
- [14] Burgos from [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns

These are close. Let me consider attacking both neutrals.

For [15] Murcia: I can send from [16] Valencia (0 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight) and/or from [18] Castellon (5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight). But [18] Castellon to [15] Murcia goes through [16] Valencia or [13] Teruel... Let me check the road network:
[15] Murcia connects to [11] and [16]. So only [16] Valencia can reach it directly.
[16] Valencia connects to [13], [15], [18]. So from [16] to [15] is direct.

For [14] Burgos: connects to [10], [12], [19]. From [12] Madrid it's 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. From [19] Pamplona it's 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns.

Let me think about what to send:
- To attack [15] Murcia (defense 13, 5 spearmen): I need enough force. Sending 4 archer + 2 knight from [16] Valencia: attack = 4*2 + 2*4 = 8+8 = 16. But wait, the defender counts defense. The effective defense is 13 (already includes location bonus). My attack power is 16. That's higher than 13, so I'd win. But there's attrition. Let me think more carefully.

Actually, the combat rules say:
- When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs.
- The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER.
- The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force).

So if I attack with 4 archers (attack 2 each = 8) and 2 knights (attack 4 each = 8), total attack = 16. Defender effective defense = 13. I win, but I take losses equal to the defender's effective force? Or attrition against the loser's effective force?

"The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So my losses would be proportional to the defender's effective force of 13. I'd lose some troops.

Actually, let me re-read: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." This means the winner loses troops equal to some fraction of the loser's effective force. I'm not sure exactly how many, but roughly the loser's force causes attrition on the winner.

With attack 16 vs defense 13, I'd win but take losses. The 5 spearmen have defense 2 each, but the effective defense of 13 already includes the location bonus. So I'd lose some troops.

Let me consider sending more. From [18] Castellon I could send troops to [16] Valencia as reinforcement, then from [16] to [15]. But that takes multiple turns.

Actually, I can send from [16] Valencia directly to [15] Murcia. Let me send all available: 4 archer + 2 knight = attack 16.

Alternatively, I could also send from [18] Castellon to [16] Valencia to reinforce, but that takes 1 turn and then another turn to march to [15]. So it would take 2 turns total.

Let me think about a broader strategy. I need 8 more villages. The neutrals are [14] and [15]. The enemies are [7], [8], and the unexplored ones.

Actually, let me reconsider. Maybe I should focus on building more troops first. My villages have resources but limited troops.

Let me check what I can build:
- [22] Barcelona: wood 95, iron 60. Can build spearman (15 wood), archer (20 wood + 10 iron), knight (30 wood + 30 iron). With 95 wood and 60 iron, I could build several. But cap is 300 troops at home; currently 12/300.
- [21] Tarragona: wood 90, iron 100. 6/300 troops.
- [23] Girona: wood 90, iron 160. 12/300.
- [18] Castellon: wood 90, iron 80. 12/300.
- [17] Zaragoza: wood 100, iron 80. 9/300.
- [20] Huesca: wood 90, iron 60. 3/300.
- [16] Valencia: wood 100, iron 60. 6/300.
- [13] Teruel: wood 30, iron 20. 4/300. Can build 1 spearman (15 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood + 10 iron) or... knight needs 30 wood + 30 iron, can't afford.
- [12] Madrid: wood 90, iron 80. 11/300.
- [19] Pamplona: wood 90, iron 60. 4/300.

I should build troops. Let me maximize production.

Let me think about what to build where:
- Knights are powerful (attack 4) but expensive (30 wood + 30 iron)
- Archers are good (attack 2, cost 20 wood + 10 iron)
- Spearmen are cheap (attack 1, cost 15 wood, but counter knights)

For attacking, I want a mix. The counter triangle matters: spearman counters knight, archer counters spearman, knight counters archer.

The enemy at [7] Salamanca has 8 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous is spearman, so the counter matchup would be archer vs spearman (archer counters spearman, so I'd get 1.5x bonus if I have more archers than other types).

The enemy at [8] Toledo has 8 archers, 3 knights. Most numerous is archer, so knight counters archer.

For neutral [15] Murcia: 5 spearmen. Most numerous is spearman, so archer counters spearman.

For neutral [14] Burgos: 5 spearmen. Same, archer counters.

So for attacking neutrals and Salamanca, archers are good. For Toledo, knights are good.

Let me plan:
1. Build archers where I can, to attack Murcia and Burgos.
2. Build knights for Toledo.

But I need to be efficient. Let me calculate builds:

[22] Barcelona: 95 wood, 60 iron. Can build:
- 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) leaving 15 wood, 20 iron
- Or 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron) - not enough iron
- Or 6 spearmen (90 wood, 0 iron) leaving 5 wood, 60 iron
- Or mix: 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) + 3 spearamen (45 wood) + ... 
Actually let me think about what I need.

I think the best approach is to build archers and knights for attacking, and spearmen for defense/countering.

Let me plan for this turn:
Build orders:
- [22] Barcelona: build 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) - leaves 15 wood, 20 iron
- [21] Tarragona: build 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) - leaves 10 wood, 60 iron. Or 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron) - not enough wood (90). Actually 3 knights = 90 wood, 90 iron. Wood is 90, iron is 100. So 3 knights possible. But I need archers more.
- [23] Girona: build 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) - leaves 10 wood, 120 iron
- [18] Castellon: build 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) - leaves 10 wood, 40 iron
- [17] Zaragoza: build 5 archers (100 wood, 50 iron) - wood 100, iron 80. Leaves 0 wood, 30 iron. Or 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron) - not enough iron.
- [20] Huesca: build 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron) - not enough iron (60). Build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) - leaves 30 wood, 30 iron.
- [16] Valencia: build 5 archers (100 wood, 50 iron) - wood 100, iron 60. Leaves 0 wood, 10 iron.
- [13] Teruel: build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) - wood 30, iron 20. Leaves 10 wood, 10 iron. Or 2 spearman (30 wood) - leaves 0 wood, 20 iron.
- [12] Madrid: build 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) - leaves 10 wood, 40 iron. Or 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron) - not enough iron.
- [19] Pamplona: build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) - leaves 30 wood, 30 iron.

Hmm, that's a lot of archers. Let me reconsider. I also need knights for Toledo.

Let me try a different mix:
- [22] Barcelona: 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) + 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron) - not enough iron (60). So 2 archers + 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) = 70 wood, 50 iron. Leaves 25 wood, 10 iron. Then 1 more spearman (15 wood) = 85 wood, 50 iron. Leaves 10 wood, 10 iron.
- [21] Tarragona: 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron) - wood 90, iron 100. Leaves 0 wood, 10 iron.
- [23] Girona: 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) + 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) = 110 wood, 70 iron. Wood 90, not enough. So 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) + 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) = 90 wood, 60 iron. Leaves 0 wood, 100 iron.
- [18] Castellon: 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) - leaves 10 wood, 40 iron.
- [17] Zaragoza: 5 archers (100 wood, 50 iron) - leaves 0 wood, 30 iron.
- [20] Huesca: 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) - leaves 30 wood, 30 iron.
- [16] Valencia: 5 archers (100 wood, 50 iron) - leaves 0 wood, 10 iron.
- [13] Teruel: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) - leaves 10 wood, 10 iron.
- [12] Madrid: 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) - leaves 10 wood, 40 iron.
- [19] Pamplona: 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) - leaves 30 wood, 30 iron.

Total archers: 2+0+3+4+5+3+5+1+4+3 = 34 archers. Plus some knights and spearmen.

Actually, let me reconsider. I need to think about what's most efficient. Archers cost 20 wood + 10 iron, knights cost 30 wood + 30 iron. 

Let me think about the total resources:
Wood: 95+90+90+90+100+90+100+30+90+90 = 865
Iron: 60+100+160+80+80+60+60+20+80+60 = 760

If I build all archers: 865/20 = 43 archers from wood, 760/10 = 76 archers from iron. Wood limits to 43 archers. But I also need to consider per-village caps.

Actually, let me focus on a practical plan. I'll build archers primarily, with some knights where iron is abundant.

Let me also think about movements. I should attack the neutral villages first since they're weaker.

Plan for this turn:
1. Build archers in most villages, knights in some.
2. Send troops to attack [15] Murcia from [16] Valencia.
3. Send troops to attack [14] Burgos from [12] Madrid.

But wait, I need to decide what to send NOW. The movements happen simultaneously with enemy orders.

For [15] Murcia (defense 13, 5 spearmen):
- From [16] Valencia: send 4 archer + 2 knight. Attack = 4*2 + 2*4 = 16. Defense = 13. I win with 16 > 13. But I take losses.
- Actually, the counter: my most numerous type is archer (4), enemy most numerous is spearman (5). Archer counters spearman, so my force gets 1.5x bonus? Wait, the counter triangle says: "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." And "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup."

So my army: 4 archer, 2 knight. Most numerous = archer (4).
Enemy army: 5 spearmen. Most numerous = spearman.
Archer counters spearman, so my force gets 1.5x multiplier.

My effective attack = 16 * 1.5 = 24. Enemy effective defense = 13. I win decisively.

But wait, does the counter apply to the whole army or just the counter unit? "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." I think it multiplies the total force.

So my effective force = 16 * 1.5 = 24 vs 13. I win. Losses: attrition against loser's effective force (13). So I'd lose some troops proportional to 13.

Hmm, but the exact loss calculation isn't specified. Let me just go with a reasonable force.

For [14] Burgos (defense 13, 5 spearmen):
- From [12] Madrid: send 6 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight. Attack = 6*1 + 4*2 + 1*4 = 6+8+4 = 18. Most numerous = spearman (6). Enemy most numerous = spearman (5). No counter (same type). Effective attack = 18. Defense = 13. I win.

Actually wait, spearman doesn't counter spearman. The counter is: spearman counters knight, archer counters spearman, knight counters archer. So if both have spearman as most numerous, no counter bonus.

Let me reconsider. If I send archers as most numerous from Madrid: 4 archer, 6 spearman, 1 knight. Most numerous is spearman (6). No counter.

If I send more archers: say 6 archer, 1 knight, 1 spearman... but Madrid only has 4 archers available.

OK, let me just plan the movements:

Movement 1: From [16] Valencia to [15] Murcia: send 4 archer, 2 knight. Attack = 16, counter bonus 1.5x = 24 vs 13. Win.
Movement 2: From [12] Madrid to [14] Burgos: send 6 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight. Attack = 18 vs 13. Win.

But wait, I should also consider sending from other villages. Can I send from [18] Castellon to [15] Murcia? The road: [18] Castellon connects to [13], [16], [21]. [16] Valencia connects to [13], [15], [18]. So [18] to [15] goes through [16] which is my own village. So I can march from [18] to [15] via [16]. The march distance would be [18] to [16] then [16] to [15]. Let me check: "from [18] Castellon to [16] Valencia" is... the report says "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Castellon. But to [16] Valencia it might be different.

Actually, the report gives march distances from each village to its nearest border village. For [18] Castellon, nearest border is [13] Teruel at 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. But [16] Valencia is also connected. Let me check the road network: [18] Castellon - [13], [16], [21]. So [18] to [16] is one road segment. The march time would depend on the distance.

The report doesn't give exact distances between all pairs, only to nearest border villages. I'll assume [18] to [16] is similar to [16] to [13] which is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Then [16] to [15] is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So total from [18] to [15] would be 2 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns.

But I can also send from [18] directly to [15] - the army would march through [16] (my own village) and continue to [15]. The total time would be the sum.

Actually, I think the simpler approach is to send from [16] Valencia to [15] Murcia, and from [12] Madrid to [14] Burgos. These are 1 turn each.

But I could also send reinforcements from other villages to [16] and [12] to have bigger armies for the next attack.

Let me think about what to do this turn. Since orders are simultaneous, I should:
1. Build troops for future turns.
2. Attack the easy neutral villages now.

Let me finalize:

Build orders:
- [22] Barcelona: 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron)
- [21] Tarragona: 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron) - wait, Tarragona has 90 wood, 100 iron. 3 knights = 90 wood, 90 iron. OK.
- [23] Girona: 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) + 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) = 90 wood, 60 iron
- [18] Castellon: 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron)
- [17] Zaragoza: 5 archers (100 wood, 50 iron)
- [20] Huesca: 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron)
- [16] Valencia: 5 archers (100 wood, 50 iron)
- [13] Teruel: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron)
- [12] Madrid: 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron)
- [19] Pamplona: 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron)

Total archers: 4+0+3+4+5+3+5+1+4+3 = 32 archers
Total knights: 0+3+1+0+0+0+0+0+0+0 = 4 knights

Hmm, that's a lot of archers and few knights. Let me adjust. I want some knights for Toledo.

Let me rebalance:
- [22] Barcelona: 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) + 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 85 wood, 50 iron. Leaves 10 wood, 10 iron.
- [21] Tarragona: 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron). Leaves 0 wood, 10 iron.
- [23] Girona: 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) + 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) = 100 wood, 80 iron. Wood 90, not enough. So 2 archers + 1 knight = 70 wood, 50 iron. Leaves 20 wood, 110 iron. Then 1 spearman (15 wood) = 85 wood, 50 iron. Leaves 5 wood, 110 iron.
- [18] Castellon: 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron). Leaves 10 wood, 40 iron.
- [17] Zaragoza: 5 archers (100 wood, 50 iron). Leaves 0 wood, 30 iron.
- [20] Huesca: 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Leaves 30 wood, 30 iron.
- [16] Valencia: 5 archers (100 wood, 50 iron). Leaves 0 wood, 10 iron.
- [13] Teruel: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Leaves 10 wood, 10 iron.
- [12] Madrid: 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron). Leaves 10 wood, 40 iron.
- [19] Pamplona: 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Leaves 30 wood, 30 iron.

Total archers: 2+0+2+4+5+3+5+1+4+3 = 29 archers
Total knights: 1+3+1+0+0+0+0+0+0+0 = 5 knights
Total spearmen: 1+0+1+0+0+0+0+0+0+0 = 2 spearmen

Hmm, still archer-heavy. But that's fine because archers counter spearmen (which the neutrals and Salamanca have).

Now movements:
1. From [16] Valencia to [15] Murcia: send 4 archer, 2 knight (all available). Attack = 4*2 + 2*4 = 16. Counter: my most numerous = archer (4), enemy most numerous = spearman (5). Archer counters spearman → 1.5x. Effective attack = 24 vs defense 13. Win.
2. From [12] Madrid to [14] Burgos: send 6 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight (all available). Attack = 6*1 + 4*2 + 1*4 = 18. Most numerous = spearman (6), enemy most numerous = spearman (5). No counter. Effective attack = 18 vs defense 13. Win.

But wait, should I send all available troops? If I send all from [12] Madrid, it becomes undefended. But [12] Madrid is a border village with enemy neighbors [7] and [8]. If the enemy attacks it, I'd have no defense.

Hmm, but the enemy might not attack it this turn since orders are simultaneous. Let me think about risk.

Actually, the enemy writes their orders at the same time as me, over the same snapshot. So they don't know I'm sending troops away. They might attack [12] Madrid, but if I've sent all troops, it would be undefended... wait, the troops I send are marching, so they're not at [12] anymore. But the enemy's orders are based on the snapshot where troops are still at [12]. So if the enemy decides to attack [12], they'd see the troops there and fight them.

Actually, the rules say: "the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." So the enemy sees the current state (troops at [12]) and writes their orders based on that. If they attack [12], they'd fight the troops that are there NOW. But my troops are marching away... 

Wait, I think the orders are simultaneous: I order troops to march from [12] to [14], and the enemy orders troops to march to [12]. Both happen at the same time. The combat would occur where they meet.

Actually, re-reading: "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now. Nothing you order this turn is visible to them before it happens."

So the enemy sees the current map (with troops at [12]) and writes orders. I write orders. Then both execute simultaneously.

If the enemy sends troops to [12] and I send troops from [12] to [14], what happens? The enemy troops would arrive at [12] and find it... hmm, the rules say "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there." So if the enemy is marching to [12] and my troops are marching from [12] to [14], they might meet on the road.

Actually, "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there." So if my troops are marching from [12] to [14] and enemy troops are marching from somewhere to [12], they might meet on the road between [12] and the enemy's origin.

This is getting complicated. Let me just assume the enemy won't attack [12] this turn since they have their own plans.

Let me also consider: should I send troops from other villages to reinforce [12] and [16]? For example, from [17] Zaragoza to [12] Madrid, or from [18] Castellon to [16] Valencia.

[17] Zaragoza to [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns (from the report: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"). So 1 turn.

I could send troops from [17] Zaragoza to [12] Madrid as reinforcement. But [12] is already sending troops to [14]. If I send reinforcements to [12], they'd arrive next turn and could be used for further attacks.

Actually, let me simplify. Let me focus on:
1. Attacking [15] Murcia from [16] Valencia with all available troops.
2. Attacking [14] Burgos from [12] Madrid with all available troops.
3. Building troops everywhere.

But I'm worried about leaving [12] and [16] undefended. Let me keep some troops back.

For [16] Valencia: available 0 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight. I'll send 2 archer, 2 knight (leaving 2 archer for defense). Attack = 2*2 + 2*4 = 12. Counter: archer (2) vs spearman (5) → 1.5x. Effective = 18 vs 13. Still wins.

For [12] Madrid: available 6 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight. I'll send 3 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight (leaving 3 spearman, 1 archer). Attack = 3*1 + 3*2 + 1*4 = 13. Most numerous = spearman (3) vs spearman (5). No counter. Effective = 13 vs 13. Tie favors defender! I'd lose.

Hmm, that's not good. Let me send more: 4 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight = 4+8+4 = 16 vs 13. Most numerous = spearman (4) vs spearman (5). No counter. 16 > 13, win.

Or send 3 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight = 3+8+4 = 15. Most numerous = archer (4) vs spearman (5). Archer counters spearman → 1.5x. Effective = 22.5 vs 13. Win decisively.

Let me go with 3 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight from [12] Madrid. Leaves 3 spearman for defense.

For [16] Valencia: send 2 archer, 2 knight. Leaves 2 archer. Attack = 4+8 = 12. Counter: archer (2) vs spearman (5) → 1.5x = 18 vs 13. Win.

Actually, let me reconsider. I want to capture these villages. After capturing, they'll produce resources and I can build there.

Let me also think about the enemy. They have [7] Salamanca and [8] Toledo. They might attack my border villages [12] Madrid and [13] Teruel.

[13] Teruel has only 1 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight (4 troops). Effective defense 10. If the enemy attacks from [8] Toledo (8 archers, 3 knights, defense 28), they'd easily take [13].

Should I reinforce [13] Teruel? From [16] Valencia (1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns) or [17] Zaragoza or [18] Castellon.

Let me send some troops to [13] Teruel for defense. From [16] Valencia: send 2 archer (leaving 0 archer, 2 knight). Or from [18] Castellon: send some troops.

Actually, let me think about this differently. I need to expand and capture villages. The neutrals are easy targets. Let me focus on that.

Let me also consider: can I attack [7] Salamanca from [12] Madrid? [7] has defense 25, 8 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight. From [12] Madrid, march is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

If I send from [12] Madrid: 6 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight = 6+8+4 = 18. Most numerous = spearman (6) vs spearman (8). No counter. 18 vs 25? I'd lose. 18 < 25.

So attacking Salamanca now would be a loss. Better to attack the neutrals first.

OK let me finalize my plan:

Builds:
- [22] Barcelona: 2 archers, 1 knight, 1 spearman
- [21] Tarragona: 3 knights
- [23] Girona: 2 archers, 1 knight, 1 spearman
- [18] Castellon: 4 archers
- [17] Zaragoza: 5 archers
- [20] Huesca: 3 archers
- [16] Valencia: 5 archers
- [13] Teruel: 1 archer
- [12] Madrid: 4 archers
- [19] Pamplona: 3 archers

Movements:
- From [16] Valencia to [15] Murcia: 2 archer, 2 knight
- From [12] Madrid to [14] Burgos: 3 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight

Wait, I should also consider sending troops to reinforce [13] Teruel. Let me send from [18] Castellon to [13] Teruel: 2 spearman, 1 archer. Or from [17] Zaragoza to [13] Teruel.

Actually, [18] Castellon to [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns (from report). That's 2 slow turns, which means spearman take 2 turns, archers 1 turn, knights 1 turn. So mixed army takes 2 turns (slowest is spearman at 2 turns).

[17] Zaragoza to [13] Teruel: the report says "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". But [17] to [13] is also connected. Let me check the road network: [17] Zaragoza connects to [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]. So [17] to [13] is direct. The distance is probably similar to [17] to [12], which is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

Let me send from [17] Zaragoza to [13] Teruel: 2 spearman, 1 archer. Leaves 4 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight at [17].

Hmm, but [17] Zaragoza is interior (no enemy border), so it's safe. I can afford to send troops.

Actually, let me reconsider. I want to build up my army for future attacks. Let me not send too many troops to defend [13] - it's just a border village. If I lose it, I can take it back.

Let me focus on the main plan: capture neutrals, build troops, and prepare for future attacks.

Let me also consider: should I send troops from [19] Pamplona to [14] Burgos? [19] connects to [14], [17], [20]. So [19] to [14] is direct. The report says "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". But [19] to [14] might be different. Let me check: [14] Burgos connects to [10], [12], [19]. So [19] to [14] is one road segment. The distance might be 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns (similar to [19] to [12]).

If I send from [19] Pamplona to [14] Burgos, it would take 2 slow turns. But I'm already sending from [12] Madrid which takes 1 turn. So the [12] attack arrives first.

OK, I think I'm overcomplicating this. Let me just go with a simple plan.

Final plan:
- Build archers and knights everywhere possible.
- Attack [15] Murcia from [16] Valencia.
- Attack [14] Burgos from [12] Madrid.
- Keep some troops for defense.

Let me calculate the exact builds more carefully, making sure each village can afford what I'm ordering.

Village resources:
- [22] Barcelona: wood 95, iron 60
- [21] Tarragona: wood 90, iron 100
- [23] Girona: wood 90, iron 160
- [18] Castellon: wood 90, iron 80
- [17] Zaragoza: wood 100, iron 80
- [20] Huesca: wood 90, iron 60
- [16] Valencia: wood 100, iron 60
- [13] Teruel: wood 30, iron 20
- [12] Madrid: wood 90, iron 80
- [19] Pamplona: wood 90, iron 60

Builds:
- [22] Barcelona: 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron) + 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) = 70 wood, 50 iron. Remaining: 25 wood, 10 iron. Can also add 1 spearman (15 wood) = 85 wood, 50 iron. Remaining: 10 wood, 10 iron.
- [21] Tarragona: 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron). Remaining: 0 wood, 10 iron.
- [23] Girona: 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron) + 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) = 100 wood, 80 iron. Wood is 90, so can't afford 100 wood. Let me do 2 archer + 1 knight = 70 wood, 50 iron. Remaining: 20 wood, 110 iron. Then 1 spearman (15 wood) = 85 wood, 50 iron. Remaining: 5 wood, 110 iron.
- [18] Castellon: 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron). Remaining: 10 wood, 40 iron.
- [17] Zaragoza: 5 archers (100 wood, 50 iron). Remaining: 0 wood, 30 iron.
- [20] Huesca: 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: 30 wood, 30 iron.
- [16] Valencia: 5 archers (100 wood, 50 iron). Remaining: 0 wood, 10 iron.
- [13] Teruel: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Remaining: 10 wood, 10 iron.
- [12] Madrid: 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron). Remaining: 10 wood, 40 iron.
- [19] Pamplona: 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: 30 wood, 30 iron.

Total: 2+0+2+4+5+3+5+1+4+3 = 29 archers, 1+3+1+0+0+0+0+0+0+0 = 5 knights, 1+0+1+0+0+0+0+0+0+0 = 2 spearmen.

Movements:
- From [16] Valencia to [15] Murcia: 2 archer, 2 knight (leaving 2 archer at [16] for defense)
- From [12] Madrid to [14] Burgos: 3 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight (leaving 3 spearman, 1 archer at [12] for defense)

Wait, I need to check: after building, what's available to send?

[16] Valencia: starts with 0 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight. Builds 5 archers → 0 spearman, 9 archer, 2 knight. But cap is 300, currently 6/300, so OK. Available to send: 0 spearman, 9 archer, 2 knight. I'll send 2 archer, 2 knight.

[12] Madrid: starts with 6 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight. Builds 4 archers → 6 spearman, 8 archer, 1 knight. Available: 6 spearman, 8 archer, 1 knight. I'll send 3 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight.

Actually, wait. The "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" in the report is BEFORE builds. After builds, I have more available. But the builds happen this turn, so the newly built troops are available immediately? Or do they take a turn to build?

The rules say: "spearman: costs 15 wood + 0 iron, ready in 1 turn." So they're ready in 1 turn. That means they're available NEXT turn, not this turn.

Hmm, "ready in 1 turn" - does that mean they're ready at the end of this turn, or at the end of next turn? In most games, "ready in 1 turn" means they'll be available next turn. But the report says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" which lists troops that are already built.

So the builds I order this turn will be available NEXT turn. The movements this turn use the troops currently available (listed in the report).

Let me re-read: "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." This means I can only order builds that the village can afford with its current resources. The troops will be ready in 1 turn (next turn).

So for movements this turn, I can only use the troops listed as "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" in the report.

Let me re-check:
- [16] Valencia: AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight
- [12] Madrid: AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 6 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight

So my movements are correct: from [16] send 2 archer, 2 knight (or all 4 archer, 2 knight). From [12] send 3 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight.

Let me reconsider sending all from [16]: 4 archer, 2 knight. Attack = 8+8 = 16. Counter: archer (4) vs spearman (5) → 1.5x = 24 vs 13. Win. But then [16] has 0 troops for defense. However, [16] is interior (no enemy border), so it's safe.

Wait, the report says [16] Valencia is "INTERIOR (no enemy border)". So it's safe from enemy attack. I can send all troops.

Similarly, [12] Madrid is "BORDER with [7], [8] (enemy)". So it's at risk. I should keep some troops.

Let me send all from [16]: 4 archer, 2 knight.
From [12]: 3 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight (leaving 3 spearman, 0 archer).

Wait, [12] has 6 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight available. If I send 3 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight, I leave 3 spearman. That's a minimal defense.

Actually, let me reconsider the attack on [14] Burgos. With 3 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight:
Attack = 3*1 + 4*2 + 1*4 = 3+8+4 = 15.
Most numerous: archer (4) vs spearman (5). Archer counters spearman → 1.5x.
Effective attack = 15 * 1.5 = 22.5 vs defense 13. Win decisively.

With 6 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight:
Attack = 6+8+4 = 18.
Most numerous: spearman (6) vs spearman (5). No counter.
Effective = 18 vs 13. Win.

Either way I win. The first option (3 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight) gives counter bonus and leaves 3 spearman for defense. The second option (all) gives no counter but more raw attack.

Actually, with counter bonus, 15 * 1.5 = 22.5 vs 13. Without counter, 18 vs 13. Both win, but the counter version might take fewer losses? Not sure how losses are calculated.

Let me go with the counter version: 3 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight from [12] Madrid.

For [16] Valencia to [15] Murcia: 4 archer, 2 knight. Attack = 8+8 = 16. Counter: archer (4) vs spearman (5) → 1.5x = 24 vs 13. Win.

OK, let me also think about whether I should send troops from other villages to reinforce [12] or [16] for future attacks. For example:
- From [17] Zaragoza to [12] Madrid: send some troops. [17] has 6 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight available. March time: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- From [18] Castellon to [16] Valencia: send some troops. [18] has 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight available. March time: probably 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns (similar to [18] to [13] which is 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast, but [18] to [16] might be shorter).

Actually, let me check the road network again:
[18] Castellon connects to [13], [16], [21].
[16] Valencia connects to [13], [15], [18].

So [18] to [16] is one road segment. The distance is probably similar to [16] to [13] or [16] to [15], which are 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

Let me send from [18] Castellon to [16] Valencia: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. This would arrive next turn and reinforce [16] for future attacks.

And from [17] Zaragoza to [12] Madrid: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Arrives next turn.

But wait, if I send from [17] to [12], and [12] is sending troops to [14], the troops from [17] would arrive at [12] next turn. That's fine.

Let me also consider sending from [19] Pamplona to [12] Madrid or [14] Burgos. [19] connects to [14], [17], [20]. So [19] to [14] is direct. March time: probably 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns (similar to [19] to [12] which is 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast). That's 2 turns for slow troops.

Actually, let me not overcomplicate. Let me just do:
1. Build troops everywhere.
2. Attack [15] Murcia from [16] Valencia with all available.
3. Attack [14] Burgos from [12] Madrid with most available (keeping 3 spearman for defense).
4. Send reinforcements from [18] to [16] and from [17] to [12] for future turns.

Wait, I should also consider: what if the enemy attacks [12] Madrid this turn? I'm leaving only 3 spearman there. The enemy at [7] Salamanca has 8 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight (defense 25). If they attack [12], my 3 spearman would face 8 spearmen + 1 archer + 1 knight. My defense: 3 spearman have defense 2 each = 6, but location bonus... [12] Madrid has effective defense 28 (location bonus included). Wait, the effective defense is for the village itself, not for the troops.

Actually, re-reading: "effective defense (location bonus included): 28" for [12] Madrid. This is the village's defense rating. When defending, the defender counts the DEFENSE of their troops, and the location bonus is applied.

"The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER."
"Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital)."

So if I defend [12] with 3 spearman:
- My troops' defense: 3 * 2 = 6
- Location bonus: x1.25 (village)
- Effective defense: 6 * 1.25 = 7.5

Enemy attack: 8 spearmen (attack 1 each = 8) + 1 archer (attack 2) + 1 knight (attack 4) = 14.
Counter: enemy most numerous = spearman (8). My most numerous = spearman (3). No counter.
Enemy effective attack = 14.
My effective defense = 7.5.
14 > 7.5, enemy wins.

So 3 spearman is not enough to defend [12] against a full attack from [7]. But the enemy might not send all troops. And I don't know the enemy's orders.

Hmm, this is risky. But if I keep more troops at [12], I can't attack [14] Burgos effectively.

Let me reconsider. Maybe I should not attack [14] this turn and instead focus on building and reinforcing. Or I could attack [14] with fewer troops and keep more for defense.

If I send 1 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight from [12]:
Attack = 1+8+4 = 13. Most numerous = archer (4) vs spearman (5). Counter → 1.5x = 19.5 vs 13. Win.
Leave 5 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight for defense.
Defense = 5 * 2 * 1.25 = 12.5. Enemy attack from [7] = 14. Still loses, but closer.

If I send 0 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight:
Attack = 0+8+4 = 12. Most numerous = archer (4) vs spearman (5). Counter → 1.5x = 18 vs 13. Win.
Leave 6 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight.
Defense = 6 * 2 * 1.25 = 15. Enemy attack = 14. 15 > 14, I win the defense!

But wait, the enemy might not attack [12] at all. And if I send 0 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight, my attack is 12 * 1.5 = 18 vs 13, which is enough to win.

Actually, let me re-check: with 0 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight, my most numerous is archer (4). Enemy most numerous is spearman (5). Archer counters spearman → 1.5x. Effective attack = (4*2 + 1*4) * 1.5 = 12 * 1.5 = 18. Defense = 13. 18 > 13, win.

OK, so I can send 0 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight from [12] and keep 6 spearman for defense. That gives me a reasonable defense (15 effective) against a potential attack from [7] (14 effective attack).

But wait, the enemy at [7] might send troops to [12]. If they send all 10 troops (8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight), attack = 8+2+4 = 14. My defense with 6 spearman = 6*2*1.25 = 15. 15 > 14, I win!

So keeping 6 spearman at [12] is a good defense. Let me do that.

For [16] Valencia: it's interior, so safe. I can send all 4 archer, 2 knight.

Now, should I also send reinforcements to [12] from other villages? From [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. I could send 2 spearman, 1 archer. But they'd arrive next turn, after the potential battle.

Let me also think about [13] Teruel. It's a border village with only 1 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight (4 troops). Effective defense 10. If the enemy attacks from [8] Toledo (8 archers, 3 knights, attack = 16+12 = 28), [13] would fall easily.

Should I reinforce [13]? From [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. But I'm sending all troops from [16] to [15]. From [17] Zaragoza: probably 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. From [18] Castellon: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

Let me send from [17] Zaragoza to [13] Teruel: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. This would arrive next turn. [17] would have 4 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight left.

Actually, [17] Zaragoza is interior and safe. I can afford to send troops.

But wait, I also want to send from [17] to [12] for reinforcement. Let me prioritize.

Let me simplify my plan:

Builds (all can be afforded):
- [22] Barcelona: 2 archer, 1 knight, 1 spearman (85 wood, 50 iron)
- [21] Tarragona: 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron)
- [23] Girona: 2 archer, 1 knight, 1 spearman (85 wood, 50 iron)
- [18] Castellon: 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron)
- [17] Zaragoza: 5 archers (100 wood, 50 iron)
- [20] Huesca: 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron)
- [16] Valencia: 5 archers (100 wood, 50 iron)
- [13] Teruel: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron)
- [12] Madrid: 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron)
- [19] Pamplona: 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron)

Movements:
- From [16] Valencia to [15] Murcia: 4 archer, 2 knight (attack all)
- From [12] Madrid to [14] Burgos: 4 archer, 1 knight (keep 6 spearman for defense)
- From [17] Zaragoza to [13] Teruel: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight (reinforce border)
- From [18] Castellon to [16] Valencia: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight (reinforce for next turn)

Wait, but if I send from [18] to [16], and [16] is sending all troops to [15], then [16] would be empty when the reinforcements arrive. That's fine - they'll just garrison [16].

Actually, let me reconsider. The troops from [18] to [16] would take 1 turn (1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast). They'd arrive at [16] at the same time as the troops from [16] arrive at [15]. So [16] would have the reinforcements from [18] when they arrive.

Hmm, but the troops from [16] to [15] leave [16] this turn. The troops from [18] to [16] also leave this turn and arrive next turn. So next turn, [16] would have the reinforcements from [18] but no troops from [16] itself (since they left). That's fine.

Let me also consider: should I send from [19] Pamplona to somewhere? [19] has 2 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight available. It's interior and safe. I could send to [14] Burgos (2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns) but that's 2 turns and [14] would already be captured by [12]'s attack next turn.

Actually, if [12]'s attack succeeds, [14] becomes mine next turn. Then I don't need to send from [19].

OK, let me finalize. But wait, I need to check if sending from [18] to [16] is worth it. [18] Castellon has 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight available. If I send 2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight, I leave 3 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight at [18]. That's reasonable.

And from [17] Zaragoza to [13] Teruel: [17] has 6 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. Send 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight, leave 4 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight.

Actually, I realize I should also consider the enemy's possible moves. The enemy might attack [12] or [13]. If they attack [13], my 1 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight + reinforcements from [17] might hold.

Let me check: [13] Teruel has effective defense 10. With 1 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight: defense = 1*2 + 1*2 + 2*2 = 8. Location bonus x1.25 = 10. That matches the reported effective defense of 10.

If the enemy attacks from [8] Toledo with 8 archers, 3 knights: attack = 8*2 + 3*4 = 16+12 = 28. Most numerous = archer (8). My most numerous = spearman (1), archer (1), knight (2) - tie between spearman and archer, breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So most numerous = spearman (1). Enemy most numerous = archer (8). Knight counters archer, but I don't have knights as most numerous. Actually, I have 2 knights, which is the most numerous type in my army (2 > 1 spearman, 1 archer). So my most numerous = knight (2). Enemy most numerous = archer (8). Knight counters archer → my force gets 1.5x.

Wait, I need to re-read the counter rule: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."

My army: 1 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. Most numerous = knight (2).
Enemy army: 8 archers, 3 knights. Most numerous = archer (8).
Knight counters archer → my force gets 1.5x multiplier.

My effective defense = 10 * 1.5 = 15. Enemy effective attack = 28. 28 > 15, I still lose.

So [13] would fall even with the counter bonus. The reinforcements from [17] would arrive next turn, but by then [13] might already be captured.

Hmm, this is concerning. But I can't defend everything. Let me focus on what I can do.

Actually, wait. The enemy might not attack [13] this turn. They might be focused on other things. And I don't know their orders.

Let me just proceed with my plan and see what happens.

Let me also consider: should I attack [8] Toledo from [13] Teruel? [13] has 1 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight (attack = 1+2+4 = 7). [8] has defense 28. 7 << 28, I'd lose badly. So no.

What about attacking [7] Salamanca from [12] Madrid? [12] has 6 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight (attack = 6+8+4 = 18). [7] has defense 25. 18 < 25, I'd lose. So no.

OK, my plan is to attack the neutrals and build up for future turns.

Let me write the JSON.

Actually, let me reconsider one more time. I want to make sure my builds are correct.

Builds:
1. [22] Barcelona: 2 archer, 1 knight, 1 spearman. Cost: 2*20 + 30 + 15 = 40+30+15 = 85 wood, 2*10 + 30 + 0 = 50 iron. Barcelona has 95 wood, 60 iron. OK.
2. [21] Tarragona: 3 knights. Cost: 90 wood, 90 iron. Tarragona has 90 wood, 100 iron. OK.
3. [23] Girona: 2 archer, 1 knight, 1 spearman. Cost: 40+30+15 = 85 wood, 20+30+0 = 50 iron. Girona has 90 wood, 160 iron. OK.
4. [18] Castellon: 4 archers. Cost: 80 wood, 40 iron. Castellon has 90 wood, 80 iron. OK.
5. [17] Zaragoza: 5 archers. Cost: 100 wood, 50 iron. Zaragoza has 100 wood, 80 iron. OK.
6. [20] Huesca: 3 archers. Cost: 60 wood, 30 iron. Huesca has 90 wood, 60 iron. OK.
7. [16] Valencia: 5 archers. Cost: 100 wood, 50 iron. Valencia has 100 wood, 60 iron. OK.
8. [13] Teruel: 1 archer. Cost: 20 wood, 10 iron. Teruel has 30 wood, 20 iron. OK.
9. [12] Madrid: 4 archers. Cost: 80 wood, 40 iron. Madrid has 90 wood, 80 iron. OK.
10. [19] Pamplona: 3 archers. Cost: 60 wood, 30 iron. Pamplona has 90 wood, 60 iron. OK.

Movements:
1. From [16] Valencia to [15] Murcia: 4 archer, 2 knight
2. From [12] Madrid to [14] Burgos: 4 archer, 1 knight (keeping 6 spearman)
3. From [17] Zaragoza to [13] Teruel: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight
4. From [18] Castellon to [16] Valencia: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight

Wait, I need to check if the troops I'm sending from [17] and [18] are available. The report says:
- [17] Zaragoza: AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 6 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight
- [18] Castellon: AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight

So from [17]: send 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. OK.
From [18]: send 2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. OK.

But wait, do I want to send from [18] to [16]? [16] is sending all troops to [15]. If I send from [18] to [16], the troops arrive next turn and garrison [16]. That's fine.

But actually, maybe I should send from [18] directly to [15] Murcia instead? Can I? The road: [18] Castellon connects to [13], [16], [21]. [15] Murcia connects to [11], [16]. So [18] to [15] goes through [16]. The march would be [18] → [16] → [15]. Time: [18] to [16] is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast, [16] to [15] is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. Total: 2 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns.

But the troops from [16] would arrive at [15] in 1 turn. The troops from [18] would arrive in 2 turns. They wouldn't combine.

Actually, the rules say: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."

So if I send from [18] to [15], they'd fight separately from the [16] troops. And they'd arrive 1 turn later. So the [16] troops would fight first (next turn), and if they win, [15] becomes mine. Then the [18] troops would arrive at a friendly village and join the garrison.

That's actually fine. But it's simpler to send from [18] to [16] as reinforcement.

Let me reconsider: should I send from [18] to [15] or to [16]? If I send to [16], they reinforce [16] for future attacks. If I send to [15], they'd arrive after [15] is already captured (if the [16] attack succeeds) and join the garrison.

I think sending to [16] is better because it prepares [16] for the next turn's actions.

Actually, let me simplify even further. Let me not send from [18] and [17] this turn, and just focus on the main attacks and builds. I can always send reinforcements next turn.

Hmm, but sending reinforcements now means they arrive next turn, ready for action. If I don't send now, I waste a turn.

OK, let me keep the reinforcements but simplify:
- From [17] Zaragoza to [13] Teruel: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight (reinforce border)
- From [18] Castellon to [16] Valencia: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight (reinforce for next attack)

Actually, I realize I should also consider sending from [19] Pamplona to somewhere. [19] has 2 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight. It's interior. I could send to [14] Burgos (2 turns) but that's slow. Or to [12] Madrid (2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns). Or keep them for defense.

Let me not send from [19] for now.

Let me also reconsider the builds. I'm building a lot of archers. Let me make sure I have enough iron.

Total iron available: 60+100+160+80+80+60+60+20+80+60 = 760
Total iron spent on builds: 50+90+50+40+50+30+50+10+40+30 = 440
Remaining iron: 320

Total wood available: 95+90+90+90+100+90+100+30+90+90 = 865
Total wood spent: 85+90+85+80+100+60+100+20+80+60 = 760
Remaining wood: 105

That seems fine. Next turn I can build more.

OK, let me finalize the JSON.

Wait, I need to double-check: the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" lists troops that are already built. The builds I order this turn will be available next turn. So my movements use the currently available troops.

From [16] Valencia: available 0 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight. Send 4 archer, 2 knight. OK.
From [12] Madrid: available 6 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight. Send 4 archer, 1 knight. OK.
From [17] Zaragoza: available 6 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. Send 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. OK.
From [18] Castellon: available 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight. Send 2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. OK.

Let me verify the attack calculations once more:

[16] → [15] Murcia: 4 archer (attack 8) + 2 knight (attack 8) = 16. My most numerous = archer (4). Enemy most numerous = spearman (5). Archer counters spearman → 1.5x. Effective attack = 24. Enemy defense = 13. 24 > 13, I win.

[12] → [14] Burgos: 4 archer (attack 8) + 1 knight (attack 4) = 12. My most numerous = archer (4). Enemy most numerous = spearman (5). Archer counters spearman → 1.5x. Effective attack = 18. Enemy defense = 13. 18 > 13, I win.

Both attacks should succeed.

Now let me write the plan and statement.

Plan: I'm attacking the neutral villages Murcia and Burgos to expand my territory. I'm building archers and knights across my villages to grow my army. I'm reinforcing my border villages Teruel and Valencia for future attacks. I must not forget to keep troops for defense at Madrid.

Statement: I launched a two-pronged attack against the neutral villages of Murcia and Burgos, sending my archers and knights to exploit their spearman garrisons. My armies are building across the kingdom, with archers being produced in every village to maintain the counter advantage. Reinforcements are marching to my border towns to prepare for the next phase of the campaign.

Let me write the JSON now.

Actually, I want to reconsider one thing. The build at [21] Tarragona: 3 knights costs 90 wood, 90 iron. Tarragona has 90 wood, 100 iron. That uses all wood. Is that the best use? Knights are expensive. Maybe I should build archers instead.

But Tarragona has abundant iron (100) and limited wood (90). 3 knights use 90 wood and 90 iron. Alternatively, 4 archers use 80 wood and 40 iron, leaving 10 wood and 60 iron. That's less efficient in terms of iron usage.

Actually, knights are more powerful (attack 4 vs attack 2). For the same wood cost (90 vs 80), knights give more attack power (12 vs 8). But they cost more iron.

Let me keep 3 knights at Tarragona. It's a good use of resources.

Hmm, but I'm building mostly archers. Let me check if I have enough knights for future attacks on Toledo (which has archers, countered by knights).

Total knights built this turn: 1 (Barcelona) + 3 (Tarragona) + 1 (Girona) = 5 knights. Plus existing 24 knights = 29 knights next turn. That should be enough.

OK, I'm going with my plan.

Let me also consider: should I build spearmen anywhere? Spearmen are cheap (15 wood) and counter knights. But I'm not facing many knights yet. The enemy at Toledo has 3 knights, but they're mixed with archers. The enemy at Salamanca has 1 knight.

I'll build a few spearmen for flexibility, but focus on archers and knights.

Final builds:
- [22] Barcelona: 2 archer, 1 knight, 1 spearman
- [21] Tarragona: 3 knights
- [23] Girona: 2 archer, 1 knight, 1 spearman
- [18] Castellon: 4 archers
- [17] Zaragoza: 5 archers
- [20] Huesca: 3 archers
- [16] Valencia: 5 archers
- [13] Teruel: 1 archer
- [12] Madrid: 4 archers
- [19] Pamplona: 3 archers

Movements:
- [16] → [15]: 4 archer, 2 knight
- [12] → [14]: 4 archer, 1 knight
- [17] → [13]: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight
- [18] → [16]: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight

Wait, I just realized: if I send from [18] to [16], and [16] is sending all troops to [15], then next turn [16] will have the reinforcements from [18]. But [16] will also have the newly built 5 archers (from the build order). So [16] would have 5 archers (built) + 2 spearman + 2 archer + 1 knight (from [18]) = 2 spearman, 7 archer, 1 knight. That's a good garrison.

And [15] Murcia, if captured, would be mine. I could then build there next turn (it has 30 wood, 20 iron production).

OK, this looks good. Let me write the JSON.

One more thing: I should make sure the JSON format is correct. The fields are:
- "build": array of objects with "villageId", "type", "quantity"
- "movements": array of objects with "fromId", "toId", "troops" (object with "spearman", "archer", "knight")
- "plan": string
- "statement": string

Let me write it out.

Actually, I want to reconsider the movement from [12] to [14]. I'm sending 4 archer, 1 knight, leaving 6 spearman at [12]. But [12] also has 0 archer and 0 knight left. The 6 spearman have defense 2 each, effective defense = 6 * 2 * 1.25 = 15. Enemy attack from [7] = 8+2+4 = 14. 15 > 14, so I can defend against a full attack from [7]. Good.

But what if the enemy attacks from [8] Toledo instead? [8] has 8 archers, 3 knights, attack = 16+12 = 28. That would overwhelm [12]. But [8] is closer to [13] Teruel than to [12] Madrid. The enemy might attack [13] instead.

Actually, looking at the road network:
- [8] Toledo connects to [4], [11], [12], [13]
- [7] Salamanca connects to [3], [4], [6], [12]

So both [7] and [8] can reach [12] Madrid. And [8] can also reach [13] Teruel.

The enemy might split their forces or focus on one target. I can't predict.

Let me just go with my plan and see what happens.

One more consideration: should I send troops from [12] to [14] or should I keep more for defense? Let me check if 6 spearman is enough.

If the enemy attacks [12] with all troops from [7] (8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight):
- Enemy attack = 8*1 + 1*2 + 1*4 = 14
- Enemy most numerous = spearman (8)
- My defense = 6 spearman, defense = 6*2 = 12, with location bonus x1.25 = 15
- My most numerous = spearman (6)
- No counter (both spearman)
- Effective defense = 15, effective attack = 14. 15 > 14, I win!

If the enemy attacks [12] with all troops from [8] (8 archers, 3 knights):
- Enemy attack = 8*2 + 3*4 = 16+12 = 28
- Enemy most numerous = archer (8)
- My defense = 6 spearman, defense = 12, with location bonus x1.25 = 15
- My most numerous = spearman (6)
- Enemy most numerous = archer, my most numerous = spearman. Spearman doesn't counter archer. Archer doesn't counter spearman. Actually, the counter is: spearman counters knight, archer counters spearman, knight counters archer. So archer counters spearman! That means the enemy gets the counter bonus!
- Enemy effective attack = 28 * 1.5 = 42
- My effective defense = 15
- 42 > 15, I lose badly.

So if the enemy attacks from [8] with all troops, [12] falls. But would the enemy do that? They might split forces between [12] and [13].

I can't defend against everything. Let me just go with my plan.

Actually, wait. Let me reconsider. Maybe I should keep 1 archer at [12] instead of sending all 4. If I keep 1 archer and send 3 archer, 1 knight:
- Attack = 3*2 + 1*4 = 10. Counter: archer (3) vs spearman (5) → 1.5x = 15 vs 13. Still wins.
- Defense: 6 spearman + 1 archer. Defense = 6*2 + 1*2 = 14. With bonus x1.25 = 17.5.
- Against [7]: enemy attack 14, my defense 17.5. Win.
- Against [8]: enemy attack 28, counter bonus (archer counters spearman) = 42. My defense 17.5. Still lose.

So keeping 1 archer doesn't help much against [8]. Let me just send all 4 archers and 1 knight, keeping 6 spearman.

OK, final answer time.

Let me also think about whether I should send from [19] Pamplona to [14] Burgos. [19] has 2 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight. March time: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. That's 2 turns for spearmen. If I send them, they'd arrive 2 turns from now. By then, [14] would already be captured (if my attack succeeds). So they'd arrive at a friendly village and join the garrison. That's fine but not urgent.

Let me not send from [19] for now.

Actually, I just thought of something. What if I send from [19] Pamplona to [12] Madrid as reinforcement? [19] to [12] is 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. They'd arrive in 2 turns. That's too slow for immediate defense.

OK, I'm done deliberating. Let me write the JSON.

Wait, one more thing. The build at [13] Teruel: 1 archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. Teruel has 30 wood, 20 iron. After build: 10 wood, 10 iron. Teruel currently has 1 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight at home (4 troops). After building 1 archer, it'll have 1 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight (5 troops). That's a small reinforcement for a border village.

OK, let me write the JSON now. I'll be careful with the format.

Actually, I want to reconsider whether I should build at [13] Teruel or use the resources for something else. Teruel is a border village with low production (30 wood, 20 iron). Building 1 archer there is fine - it's the only thing I can afford anyway (knight needs 30 wood + 30 iron, can't afford; spearman needs 15 wood, could build 2 but that uses 30 wood leaving 0).

Let me build 1 archer at [13] as planned.

Now, for the JSON:

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "knight", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "archer", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "archer", "quantity": 5},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "archer", "quantity": 5},
    {"villageId": 13, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 12, "type": "archer", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 19, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 16, "toId": 15, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 4, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 12, "toId": 14, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 4, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 17, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 1, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 18, "toId": 16, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 2, "knight": 1}}
  ],
  "plan": "Attacking neutral Murcia and Burgos with archers/knights to exploit their spearman garrisons. Building archers everywhere and knights in high-iron villages. Reinforcing border villages Teruel and Valencia for next turns. Keep 6 spearman at Madrid for defense. Next turn: capture neutrals, build in them, prepare to attack Toledo/Salamanca.",
  "statement": "I launched a two-pronged attack against the neutral villages of Murcia and Burgos, sending my archers and knights to exploit their spearman garrisons. My armies are building across the kingdom, with archers being produced in every village to maintain the counter advantage. Reinforcements are marching to my border towns to prepare for the next phase of the campaign."
}

Wait, I need to double-check the build at [21] Tarragona: 3 knights. Tarragona has 90 wood, 100 iron. 3 knights = 90 wood, 90 iron. OK.

And [23] Girona: 2 archer, 1 knight, 1 spearman = 40+30+15 = 85 wood, 20+30+0 = 50 iron. Girona has 90 wood, 160 iron. OK.

And [22] Barcelona: 2 archer, 1 knight, 1 spearman = 40+30+15 = 85 wood, 20+30+0 = 50 iron. Barcelona has 95 wood, 60 iron. OK.

All builds check out.

Let me also verify the movements don't exceed available troops:
- [16] Valencia: available 0 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight. Sending 0 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight. OK.
- [12] Madrid: available 6 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight. Sending 0 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight. OK.
- [17] Zaragoza: available 6 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. Sending 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. OK.
- [18] Castellon: available 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight. Sending 2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. OK.

All good.

One final thought: should I send from [18] to [16] or directly to [15]? If I send to [15], they'd take 2 turns (2 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast) and fight separately from the [16] troops. If I send to [16], they'd take 1 turn and reinforce [16]. I think reinforcing [16] is better because it prepares for the next attack.

But actually, if [15] is captured next turn, I could send troops from [16] to [15] next turn (now that [15] is mine, they'd just march there and join the garrison). So sending from [18] to [16] now, then from [16] to [15] next turn, would get those troops to [15] in 2 turns. Same time as sending directly from [18] to [15].

Either way works. Let me keep it as [18] → [16].

OK, I'm done. Let me output the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"arqueiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":16,"destinoId":15,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":4,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":12,"destinoId":14,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":4,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":17,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":18,"destinoId":16,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":1}}]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [22]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [22]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [21]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [23]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [23]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [18]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [18]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [18]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [18]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [17]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [17]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [17]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [17]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [17]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [20]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [20]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [20]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [16]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [16]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [16]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [16]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [16]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [13]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [12]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [12]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [12]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [12]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [19]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [19]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [19]
ACEITO envio [16]->[15]: 4A+2K (alvo neutra lanceiro)
ACEITO envio [12]->[14]: 4A+1K (alvo neutra lanceiro)
ACEITO envio [17]->[13]: 2S+1A+1K
ACEITO envio [18]->[16]: 2S+2A+1K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Attacking neutral Murcia and Burgos with archers/knights to exploit their spearman garrisons (counter bonus 1.5x). Building archers everywhere and knights in high-iron villages. Reinforcing border villages Teruel and Valencia for next turns. Keep 6 spearman at Madrid for defense (effective defense 15 vs Salamanca's 14 attack). Next turn: capture neutrals, build in them, prepare to attack Toledo/Salamanca.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): I launched a two-pronged attack against the neutral villages of Murcia and Burgos, sending my archers and knights to exploit their spearman garrisons with the counter triangle bonus. My armies are building across the kingdom, with archers produced in every village to maintain the advantage. Reinforcements march to my border towns Teruel and Valencia to prepare for the next phase of the campaign, while Madrid keeps a spearman shield for defense.
placar: A 9 ald/tropas 32 | B 10 ald/tropas 59 | neutras 5 | transito 9 (A 5 | B 4)

########## TURNO 14 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 5021 | resposta 17055 | raciocinio 12506 | finish stop | ms 159874
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 7, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 8, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 6, \"toId\": 14, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 12, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 3, \"toId\": 7, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 6, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 9, \"toId\": 11, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 8, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 8, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 6, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 4, \"toId\": 8, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 9, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 5, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 6, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 1, \"toId\": 3, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 12, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 0, \"toId\": 1, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 12, \"knight\": 0}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Multi-pronged offensive: Porto takes Burgos, Coimbra reinforces Salamanca for Madrid, Sevilha reinforces Cordoba for Murcia, Toledo reinforces Teruel. Build archers and knights everywhere to sustain the push. Next turn: attack Madrid, Murcia, and hold Teruel.\",\n  \"statement\": \"The army is on the move! Porto's spearmen march to Burgos, Coimbra's troops rush to Salamanca, and Sevilha's archers head to Cordoba. Toledo's archers race to Teruel to meet the enemy army. We build archers and knights at every available village to fuel the war machine. The enemy will not hold their ground!\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A in a turn-based strategy game. I need to analyze the current state and provide orders in a specific JSON format.

Let's analyze the current state (Turn 14):
- I hold 13 villages out of 24. I need 18 for 2 consecutive turns to win, or eliminate all enemy villages.
- Enemy capital is Barcelona [22], unknown garrison.
- Enemy villages seen: Madrid [12], Burgos [14], Zaragoza [17], Valencia [16], Murcia [15], Castellon [18].
- Unexplored: Pamplona [19], Huesca [20], Tarragona [21], Barcelona [22], Girona [23].
- Enemy army marching toward [13] Teruel, arrives in 1 turn.
- My villages:
  - [0] Lisboa (Capital): 12 archer, wood 40, iron 60
  - [1] Santarem: 12 archer, wood 40, iron 110
  - [2] Evora: 9 archer, wood 40, iron 90
  - [3] Coimbra: 6 spearman, 1 archer, wood 40, iron 210
  - [4] Badajoz: 9 archer, wood 30, iron 60
  - [5] Faro: 6 archer, wood 30, iron 60
  - [6] Porto: 12 spearman, wood 30, iron 180
  - [7] Salamanca: 8 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight, wood 40, iron 80
  - [8] Toledo: 6 archer, wood 30, iron 30
  - [10] Vigo: 10 spearman, wood 0, iron 0
  - [9] Sevilha: 8 archer, wood 0, iron 0
  - [11] Cordoba: 3 archer, wood 0, iron 0
  - [13] Teruel: 2 knight, wood 40, iron 30

Let's look at the fronts:
- [7] Salamanca faces [12] Madrid (enemy, defense 25). Salamanca has 14 troops.
- [8] Toledo faces [12] Madrid (enemy, defense 25). Toledo has 6 troops.
- [10] Vigo faces [14] Burgos (enemy, defense 10). Vigo has 10 troops.
- [11] Cordoba faces [15] Murcia (enemy, defense 10). Cordoba has 3 troops.
- [13] Teruel faces [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon. Teruel has 2 troops. Enemy army marching to Teruel (arrives in 1 turn).

Wait, the enemy army is marching toward [13] Teruel and arrives in 1 turn. This means next turn they will attack Teruel. I need to reinforce Teruel or prepare.
Also, I need to build troops and move them.

Let's check resources and building capabilities:
- [0] Lisboa: wood 40, iron 60. Can build archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or spearman (15 wood, 0 iron). Knight needs 30 wood, 30 iron.
- [1] Santarem: wood 40, iron 110. Can build archer or knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- [2] Evora: wood 40, iron 90. Can build archer or knight.
- [3] Coimbra: wood 40, iron 210. Can build archer or knight.
- [4] Badajoz: wood 30, iron 60. Can build archer or knight.
- [5] Faro: wood 30, iron 60. Can build archer or knight.
- [6] Porto: wood 30, iron 180. Can build archer or knight.
- [7] Salamanca: wood 40, iron 80. Can build archer or knight.
- [8] Toledo: wood 30, iron 30. Can build archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or spearman (15 wood).
- [10] Vigo: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.
- [9] Sevilha: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.
- [11] Cordoba: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.
- [13] Teruel: wood 40, iron 30. Can build archer or spearman.

Let's plan the moves.
The enemy army is marching to Teruel. I should send reinforcements to Teruel to defend it, or launch attacks elsewhere to relieve pressure.
But wait, if I send troops to Teruel, they will arrive and fight the enemy army.
Where can I send troops to Teruel?
From [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns to Teruel. Wait, the road network says:
[8] Toledo: [4], [11], [12], [13]
So Toledo is directly connected to Teruel [13]. March time: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
From [11] Cordoba: [8], [9], [15]. Not directly to [13].
From [12] Madrid (enemy): [7], [8], [14], [17].
From [16] Valencia (enemy): [13], [15], [18].
So only [8] Toledo is my village connected to [13] Teruel.
Wait, [8] Toledo has 6 archers. I can send them to Teruel.
Also, [13] Teruel has 2 knights.
If I send 6 archers from Toledo to Teruel, they will arrive in 1 turn (medium speed). The enemy army arrives in 1 turn. They will meet at Teruel? Or on the road?
"An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there... When an attack conquers a village, the surviving attackers stay there as its new garrison."
If the enemy attacks Teruel, and I send reinforcements from Toledo to Teruel, do they arrive before the enemy?
"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
If the enemy attacks Teruel, they will fight the garrison of Teruel (2 knights). If I send 6 archers from Toledo, they will arrive at Teruel. But if the enemy conquers Teruel in the same turn, my archers might arrive and fight the enemy garrison? Or do they stop at the first enemy village?
"An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there"
If Teruel is conquered by the enemy, it becomes enemy territory. My archers from Toledo marching to Teruel would stop at Teruel and fight the enemy garrison there.
But the order of fights matters. "each send fights alone, one at a time."
Usually, the defender fights first, then the attacker. If multiple attackers arrive, they fight sequentially.
Let's look at the enemy army marching to Teruel. It's an attack on Teruel.
If I send troops from Toledo to Teruel, they are reinforcing. If Teruel falls, they attack the enemy there.
Actually, I should probably attack Madrid [12] to reduce enemy pressure, or attack Burgos [14] or Murcia [15] to gain villages.
I need 5 more villages to reach 18.
Currently I have 13. Enemy has Madrid, Burgos, Zaragoza, Valencia, Murcia, Castellon, and unexplored Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona, Barcelona, Girona. Total enemy villages = 6 seen + 5 unexplored = 11. Total villages = 24. 13 + 11 = 24.
If I conquer all enemy villages, I win.
Let's look at the enemy villages I can attack:
- [12] Madrid: defense 25. Garrison: 6 spearmen, 4 archers. Connected to [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza.
- [14] Burgos: defense 10. Garrison: 3 archers, 1 knight. Connected to [10] Vigo, [12] Madrid, [19] Pamplona.
- [15] Murcia: defense 10. Garrison: 3 archers, 1 knight. Connected to [11] Cordoba, [16] Valencia.
- [16] Valencia: defense 25. Garrison: 2 spearmen, 7 archers, 1 knight. Connected to [13] Teruel, [15] Murcia, [18] Castellon.
- [17] Zaragoza: defense 25. Garrison: 4 spearmen, 5 archers, 1 knight. Connected to [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona.
- [18] Castellon: defense 28. Garrison: 3 spearmen, 6 archers, 2 knights. Connected to [13] Teruel, [16] Valencia, [21] Tarragona.

Let's calculate attack power.
From [10] Vigo: 10 spearman. Attack power = 10 * 1 = 10. Against Burgos [14] (defense 10). Wait, defense is 10. If I attack with 10 spearmen, effective force = 10. Defender force = 10 * 1.25 (village bonus) = 12.5? No, "effective defense (location bonus included): 10". So defender force is 10. Attacker force is 10. Tie favors defender. So I would lose.
Wait, spearman counters knight. Burgos has 3 archers, 1 knight. Most numerous is archer. Spearman does not counter archer. So no bonus.
If I add some archers? Vigo has no resources (wood 0, iron 0). I can only send what's there.
But I can send troops from other villages to Vigo to attack Burgos? No, "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours". If I send from Porto to Burgos via Vigo, they stop at Vigo (mine) and then... wait, if I order them to Vigo, they stop there. If I order them to Burgos, they march through Vigo (mine) and stop at Burgos (enemy).
Let's check road from Porto [6] to Burgos [14]:
[6] Porto -> [10] Vigo -> [14] Burgos.
So I can send troops from Porto to Burgos directly! They will pass through Vigo (mine) and attack Burgos.
Porto has 12 spearman. Vigo has 10 spearman. Total 22 spearman.
Attack power of 22 spearman = 22. Defender at Burgos: 3 archers, 1 knight. Most numerous is archer. Spearman vs archer: no counter. Effective force = 22. Defender effective defense = 10. 22 > 10, so I win.
But wait, "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So if I send 12 spearman from Porto and 10 spearman from Vigo to Burgos, they fight separately.
First send: 12 spearman vs Burgos (defense 10). 12 > 10, win. Loser (Burgos) loses troops worth half of loser's effective force? No, "The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force". Wait, "The LOSER is destroyed entirely... The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force".
If attacker wins, the defender is destroyed entirely. The attacker loses troops worth half of the defender's effective force.
Defender effective force = 10. Half is 5. Attacker loses 5 spearman. 12 - 5 = 7 spearman survive and stay as garrison? No, "When an attack conquers a village, the surviving attackers stay there as its new garrison."
Then second send: 10 spearman from Vigo arrive. They fight the new garrison (7 spearman). But they are both mine! "Your own armies never fight each other: they pass freely."
Ah! If the first send conquers Burgos, it becomes MY village. The second send from Vigo arrives at MY village Burgos and joins the garrison. They don't fight!
So I can conquer Burgos by sending 12 spearman from Porto. They will arrive, fight Burgos (10 defense), win, lose ~5 troops, and 7 stay. Then Vigo's 10 spearman can be sent to reinforce Burgos or just stay.
Wait, if I send from Porto to Burgos, they march via Vigo. Vigo is mine, so they pass. They arrive at Burgos and fight.
Let's check march time: Porto to Vigo is 1 fast turn? "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Porto. Porto to Vigo: road is [6] -> [10]. Vigo is border. March time: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Porto to Burgos: [6] -> [10] -> [14]. 2 turns?
Let's look at the march times in the report:
"[14] Burgos ... march from [10] Vigo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
So from Vigo to Burgos is 1 turn. From Porto to Vigo is 1 turn. Total 2 turns.
If I send from Porto now, they arrive in 2 turns.
But I can send from Vigo now! Vigo has 10 spearman. March to Burgos is 1 turn.
If I send 10 spearman from Vigo to Burgos: attack 10 vs defense 10. Tie favors defender. I lose.
So I need more troops. I can send from Porto to Vigo (1 turn), then from Vigo to Burgos (next turn). But that's 2 turns.
Or I can send from Porto directly to Burgos (2 turns). They fight as one army of 12 spearman? No, they are sent from Porto. They march as a single army of 12 spearman. They arrive at Burgos in 2 turns and fight.
Wait, if I send from Porto to Burgos, they march together. So it's 12 spearman attacking Burgos. 12 vs 10. Win.
But during those 2 turns, the enemy might do something.

Let's look at Madrid [12]. Defense 25. Garrison: 6 spearmen, 4 archers.
From Salamanca [7]: 8 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight. Total 14 troops.
Attack power: 8 spearman (8) + 5 archer (10) + 1 knight (4) = 22. But wait, most numerous is spearman (8) vs archer (6)? No, defender has 6 spearmen, 4 archers. Most numerous is spearman. My most numerous is spearman (8). Spearman vs spearman: no counter. Effective force = 22. Defender defense = 25. 22 < 25, lose.
From Toledo [8]: 6 archer. Attack 12. Too weak.
From Badajoz [4]: 9 archer. Can they reach Madrid? Badajoz -> Toledo -> Madrid. Or Badajoz -> Salamanca -> Madrid.
If I gather troops at Salamanca or Toledo, I can attack Madrid.
But I need to build troops first.

Let's look at Murcia [15]. Defense 10. Garrison: 3 archers, 1 knight.
From Cordoba [11]: 3 archer. Attack 6 vs 10. Lose.
From Sevilha [9]: 8 archer. Can they reach Murcia? Sevilha -> Cordoba -> Murcia. Or Sevilha -> Badajoz -> Toledo -> Cordoba -> Murcia. Too far.
From Badajoz [4]: 9 archer. Badajoz -> Toledo -> Cordoba -> Murcia? No, road is [4] -> [11] Cordoba? Wait, road network:
[4] Badajoz: [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]
[11] Cordoba: [8], [9], [15]
So Badajoz is not directly connected to Cordoba. Toledo [8] is connected to Cordoba [11].
So Badajoz -> Toledo -> Cordoba -> Murcia.
March time: Badajoz to Toledo (1 turn), Toledo to Cordoba (1 turn), Cordoba to Murcia (1 turn). Total 3 turns.

Let's look at Valencia [16]. Defense 25. Garrison: 2 spearmen, 7 archers, 1 knight.
From Teruel [13]: 2 knight. Attack 8 vs 25. Lose.
From Toledo [8]: 6 archer. Toledo -> Teruel -> Valencia. 2 turns.

Let's look at Zaragoza [17]. Defense 25. Garrison: 4 spearmen, 5 archers, 1 knight.
From Teruel [13]: 2 knight. Attack 8 vs 25. Lose.

Let's look at Castellon [18]. Defense 28. Garrison: 3 spearmen, 6 archers, 2 knights.
From Teruel [13]: 2 knight. Attack 8 vs 28. Lose.

So the easy targets are Burgos [14] (defense 10) and Murcia [15] (defense 10).
But I need to get troops there.
Vigo has 10 spearman. Porto has 12 spearman.
If I send Porto's 12 spearman to Vigo (1 turn), and Vigo's 10 spearman to Burgos (1 turn), next turn I have 22 spearman at Vigo, then I can attack Burgos with 22 spearman (22 vs 10, easy win).
Wait, if I send Porto's 12 spearman to Vigo, they arrive in 1 turn. Vigo already has 10 spearman. They don't fight, they just join. So next turn Vigo has 22 spearman.
Then I can send 22 spearman from Vigo to Burgos. They arrive in 1 turn and fight Burgos (22 vs 10, win).
But I can also send Vigo's 10 spearman to Burgos this turn, and Porto's 12 spearman to Vigo this turn.
If I send Vigo's 10 spearman to Burgos this turn, they arrive next turn and fight Burgos (10 vs 10, tie, lose).
So I should NOT send Vigo's troops to Burgos this turn. I should send Porto's troops to Vigo this turn, and next turn send all from Vigo to Burgos.
Or, I can send Porto's 12 spearman directly to Burgos this turn. They arrive in 2 turns. In 2 turns, the enemy might have moved. But it's a direct attack.
Let's check march time from Porto to Burgos:
Porto -> Vigo -> Burgos.
Porto to Vigo: 1 turn. Vigo to Burgos: 1 turn. Total 2 turns.
If I send them now, they arrive on Turn 16.
If I send Porto to Vigo (Turn 15), then Vigo to Burgos (Turn 16), they arrive on Turn 17. Slower.
So sending Porto directly to Burgos is faster.
But wait, if I send Porto to Burgos, they march through Vigo. Vigo is mine, so they pass. They arrive at Burgos on Turn 16.
What about Murcia?
Cordoba has 3 archer. Sevilha has 8 archer.
I can send Sevilha's 8 archer to Cordoba (1 turn), then Cordoba's 3+8=11 archer to Murcia (1 turn). Total 2 turns.
Or send Sevilha directly to Murcia? Sevilha -> Cordoba -> Murcia. 2 turns.
If I send Sevilha's 8 archer to Murcia directly, they arrive in 2 turns and fight Murcia (8 archer = 16 attack vs 10 defense). Win!
Wait, 8 archer attack = 16. Defender defense = 10. 16 > 10, win.
But wait, "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up". If I send only Sevilha's 8 archer, they fight alone. 16 vs 10. Win.
But if I also send Cordoba's 3 archer to Murcia, they fight separately. First send: 3 archer (6 attack) vs 10 defense. Lose. So don't send Cordoba's archer to Murcia, or send them after Murcia is conquered.
Actually, if I send Sevilha's 8 archer to Murcia, they win and conquer it. Then Cordoba's 3 archer can reinforce it.
But wait, Cordoba is connected to Murcia. If I send Cordoba's 3 archer to Murcia, they will fight the enemy garrison if it's still there. If Sevilha's archers arrive first and conquer it, Cordoba's archers arrive at my village and join.
Order of arrival: if both are sent on Turn 14, Sevilha to Murcia takes 2 turns (Sevilha -> Cordoba -> Murcia). Cordoba to Murcia takes 1 turn (Cordoba -> Murcia).
So Cordoba's archers arrive on Turn 15, Sevilha's on Turn 16.
On Turn 15, Cordoba's 3 archers attack Murcia (6 vs 10). They lose and are destroyed!
So I should NOT send Cordoba's archers to Murcia if I am also sending Sevilha's.
I should send Cordoba's archers somewhere else, or just keep them.
Actually, I can send Cordoba's archers to Sevilha to reinforce, or to Toledo.
Let's look at the enemy army marching to Teruel. It arrives in 1 turn (Turn 15).
Teruel has 2 knight. Enemy army is unknown but probably strong.
If I do nothing, Teruel might fall.
I should reinforce Teruel.
Toledo has 6 archer. Toledo -> Teruel is 1 turn.
If I send Toledo's 6 archer to Teruel, they arrive on Turn 15.
The enemy army also arrives on Turn 15.
Who fights first? "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up... each send fights alone, one at a time."
If the enemy attacks Teruel, they fight the garrison (2 knight). Then my reinforcements arrive and fight the enemy?
Actually, the enemy is attacking Teruel. So the enemy is the attacker, Teruel is the defender.
If I send reinforcements to Teruel, they are not attacking, they are marching to a village. "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements."
But if the enemy attacks Teruel and conquers it, Teruel becomes enemy. My reinforcements arriving at Teruel will find it enemy and attack it.
So it becomes an attack on the enemy garrison.
Let's assume the enemy army is strong enough to conquer Teruel (2 knight vs unknown enemy).
If I send Toledo's 6 archer to Teruel, they arrive on Turn 15. If Teruel is still mine, they join the garrison (2 knight + 6 archer). Then the enemy arrives and fights the garrison.
If Teruel is conquered on Turn 15, my 6 archer arrive and attack the enemy garrison.
Either way, it's good to send troops to Teruel.
But wait, if I send Toledo's 6 archer to Teruel, Toledo is left with 0 troops. Toledo is a border village facing Madrid. If Madrid attacks Toledo, it falls.
But Madrid has 10 troops (6 spearman, 4 archers). They might attack Toledo or Salamanca.
I should probably build troops in Toledo to keep some defense.
Toledo has wood 30, iron 30. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 spearman (15 wood).
Actually, I can build 1 archer in Toledo. It takes 1 turn.
Let's check resources:
Toledo: wood 30, iron 30. Build 1 archer: wood 10, iron 20 left.
Or build 1 spearman: wood 15, iron 30 left.
I can build 1 archer and 1 spearman? 20+15=35 wood > 30. No.
So I can build 1 archer (leaves 10 wood, 20 iron) or 1 spearman (leaves 15 wood, 30 iron).
Let's build 1 archer in Toledo.

What about other villages?
Salamanca has 8 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight. Wood 40, iron 80.
Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
Let's build 1 knight in Salamanca. Leaves 10 wood, 50 iron.
Or build 1 archer.

Let's look at the overall strategy.
I need 18 villages. I have 13.
The enemy has 11 villages (6 seen, 5 unexplored).
I should attack on multiple fronts to stretch the enemy.
Fronts:
North: Vigo -> Burgos. Porto -> Vigo -> Burgos.
South: Cordoba -> Murcia. Sevilha -> Cordoba -> Murcia.
East: Teruel -> Valencia/Zaragoza/Castellon. But Teruel is weak.
Center: Salamanca/Toledo -> Madrid.

Madrid is the key to the center. If I take Madrid, I can attack Zaragoza and Burgos from the south, and defend Toledo/Salamanca better.
But Madrid has defense 25. I need a strong army.
Salamanca has 14 troops. If I build more there and gather from Coimbra/Porto, I can attack Madrid.
But Coimbra and Porto are far from Salamanca.
Coimbra -> Porto -> Salamanca? Road: [3] Coimbra: [1], [6], [7]. So Coimbra -> Salamanca directly!
March time: "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Coimbra.
So Coimbra can send troops to Salamanca in 1 fast turn, 2 slow turns.
Coimbra has 6 spearman, 1 archer. I can send them to Salamanca.
Porto has 12 spearman. Porto -> Salamanca: [6] -> [3] -> [7]? Road: [6] Porto: [3], [7], [10]. So Porto -> Salamanca directly!
March time: "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Porto.
So Porto can send 12 spearman to Salamanca in 1 turn.
If I send Porto's 12 spearman to Salamanca, and Coimbra's 6 spearman to Salamanca, they arrive on Turn 15.
Salamanca already has 8 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight.
Total at Salamanca on Turn 15: 20 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight.
Then on Turn 16, I can attack Madrid with this huge army.
Attack power: 20 spearman (20) + 5 archer (10) + 1 knight (4) = 34. Most numerous: spearman (20). Defender: 6 spearman, 4 archers. Most numerous: spearman. Spearman vs spearman: no counter. Effective force = 34. Defender defense = 25. 34 > 25, easy win!
But wait, "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up... each send fights alone, one at a time."
If I send Porto's 12 spearman and Coimbra's 6 spearman to Salamanca, they arrive and join the garrison. They don't fight each other because Salamanca is mine.
Then when I attack Madrid, I send the entire garrison of Salamanca as one army. They fight as one army.
So yes, I can gather troops at Salamanca and then attack Madrid.

Let's plan the moves for Turn 14:
1. Build troops:
   - Salamanca: build 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Salamanca has 40 wood, 80 iron. Leaves 10 wood, 50 iron.
   - Toledo: build 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron). Toledo has 30 wood, 30 iron. Leaves 10 wood, 20 iron.
   - Coimbra: build 1 archer? Coimbra has 40 wood, 210 iron. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 1 knight. Leaves 10 wood, 180 iron.
   - Porto: build 1 spearman? Porto has 30 wood, 180 iron. Build 1 spearman (15 wood). Leaves 15 wood, 180 iron.
   - Lisboa: build 1 archer? Lisboa has 40 wood, 60 iron. Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Leaves 20 wood, 50 iron.
   - Santarem: build 1 archer? Santarem has 40 wood, 110 iron. Build 1 archer. Leaves 20 wood, 100 iron.
   - Evora: build 1 archer? Evora has 40 wood, 90 iron. Build 1 archer. Leaves 20 wood, 80 iron.
   - Badajoz: build 1 archer? Badajoz has 30 wood, 60 iron. Build 1 archer. Leaves 10 wood, 50 iron.
   - Faro: build 1 archer? Faro has 30 wood, 60 iron. Build 1 archer. Leaves 10 wood, 50 iron.
   - Teruel: build 1 knight? Teruel has 40 wood, 30 iron. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Can build 1 knight! Leaves 10 wood, 0 iron.
   - Vigo, Sevilha, Cordoba: 0 resources, cannot build.

Wait, I need to be careful about the cap of 300 troops per village. None are close to 300.

Let's refine the movements:
- Send Porto's 12 spearman to Salamanca [7]. (Reinforce Salamanca)
- Send Coimbra's 6 spearman + 1 archer to Salamanca [7]. (Reinforce Salamanca)
- Send Toledo's 6 archer to Teruel [13]. (Reinforce Teruel against the incoming enemy army)
- Send Sevilha's 8 archer to Cordoba [11]. (Reinforce Cordoba, or prepare for Murcia)
- Send Badajoz's 9 archer to Toledo [8]. (Reinforce Toledo, since we sent its troops away)
- Send Faro's 6 archer to Badajoz [4]? Or to Toledo?
Let's look at the road network.
Faro [5] -> Badajoz [4] -> Toledo [8].
If I send Faro's 6 archer to Badajoz, they arrive in 1 turn. Then from Badajoz to Toledo is 1 turn.
If I send Faro directly to Toledo: Faro -> Badajoz -> Toledo. 2 turns.
Badajoz to Toledo is 1 turn.
So I can send Badajoz's 9 archer to Toledo (1 turn), and Faro's 6 archer to Badajoz (1 turn).
Or send Faro directly to Toledo (2 turns).
Let's send Badajoz's 9 archer to Toledo. They arrive on Turn 15. Toledo will have 9 archer + 1 newly built archer = 10 archer.
And send Faro's 6 archer to Badajoz. Badajoz will have 6 archer.
What about Lisboa and Santarem?
Lisboa has 12 archer. Santarem has 12 archer. Evora has 9 archer.
They are interior. I can keep them as reserves, or send them to front lines.
Salamanca is the main front for Madrid. I can send Lisboa's 12 archer to Salamanca?
Lisboa -> Santarem -> Coimbra -> Salamanca? Road: [0] Lisboa: [1], [2]. [1] Santarem: [0], [3], [4]. [3] Coimbra: [1], [6], [7].
So Lisboa -> Santarem -> Coimbra -> Salamanca. 3 turns.
Or Lisboa -> Evora -> Badajoz -> Salamanca? [0] -> [2] -> [4] -> [7]. 3 turns.
Too slow.
I can send Santarem's 12 archer to Coimbra (1 turn), then Coimbra to Salamanca (1 turn). Total 2 turns.
Or send Santarem to Badajoz (1 turn), then Badajoz to Salamanca (1 turn).
Let's send Santarem's 12 archer to Coimbra. Coimbra will have them.
Actually, I want to attack Madrid. Salamanca is the staging ground.
I will send Porto's 12 spearman to Salamanca.
I will send Coimbra's 7 troops (6 spearman, 1 archer) to Salamanca.
Salamanca will have: 8 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight (existing) + 12 spearman (from Porto) + 6 spearman, 1 archer (from Coimbra) = 26 spearman, 6 archer, 1 knight.
That's a massive army.
Then I can attack Madrid.
But wait, if I send all troops from Porto and Coimbra, they leave their villages undefended.
Porto is interior? "Porto | INTERIOR (no enemy border)". But it's connected to Vigo (border) and Salamanca (border). If Salamanca falls, Porto is exposed. But Salamanca is heavily reinforced.
Coimbra is interior.
It's okay to strip them if I am going on the offensive.

Let's check the enemy army marching to Teruel.
It arrives in 1 turn. Teruel has 2 knight.
If I send Toledo's 6 archer to Teruel, they arrive in 1 turn.
The enemy army arrives in 1 turn.
Who fights first? The enemy is attacking Teruel. So the enemy fights the garrison of Teruel (2 knight).
If the enemy wins, they conquer Teruel. Then my 6 archer arrive and attack the enemy garrison.
If the enemy loses, my 6 archer arrive and join the garrison.
Either way, sending Toledo's archers is good.
But wait, if I send Toledo's archers, they might arrive after the enemy conquers Teruel, and then they fight the enemy there. That's fine.
But what if the enemy army is very strong? It might defeat both the 2 knight and the 6 archer.
I don't know the size of the enemy army marching to Teruel.
"enemy army marching toward [13] Teruel - YOUR village - arrives in 1 turn"
I can't see its size because of fog? "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there... only an army ordered this same turn is not."
Wait, "Every enemy army already on the march toward one of YOUR villages is always shown to you under ARMIES ON THE MARCH, whatever the fog; only an army ordered this same turn is not."
But it doesn't list the size of the army! It just says "enemy army marching toward [13] Teruel".
So I don't know how big it is.
I should reinforce Teruel to be safe.
I can also send troops from other villages to Teruel.
Toledo is the closest. 1 turn.
Badajoz -> Toledo -> Teruel. 2 turns.
I'll send Toledo's 6 archer to Teruel.

Let's look at the southern front: Murcia [15].
Cordoba [11] has 3 archer. Sevilha [9] has 8 archer.
If I send Sevilha's 8 archer to Cordoba, they arrive on Turn 15. Cordoba has 3 archer + 8 archer = 11 archer.
Then on Turn 16, I can send 11 archer from Cordoba to Murcia. They arrive on Turn 17 and attack Murcia (11 archer = 22 attack vs 10 defense). Win.
But I can also send Sevilha's 8 archer directly to Murcia. They arrive on Turn 16 (Sevilha -> Cordoba -> Murcia). 8 archer = 16 attack vs 10 defense. Win.
If I send Sevilha directly to Murcia, they bypass Cordoba. But Cordoba's 3 archer stay.
If I send Sevilha to Cordoba, they reinforce Cordoba. Then next turn I send all to Murcia.
Which is better?
If I send Sevilha directly to Murcia, I conquer it on Turn 16. Cordoba remains with 3 archer.
If I send Sevilha to Cordoba, I can send Cordoba's 3 archer to somewhere else, or just keep them.
Actually, if I send Sevilha to Cordoba, I can also send Cordoba's 3 archer to Sevilha? No, Sevilha is mine.
I'll send Sevilha's 8 archer to Cordoba [11] to reinforce it. Then next turn I can attack Murcia with 11 archer.
Wait, if I send Sevilha to Cordoba, they arrive on Turn 15. On Turn 15, I can order Cordoba (now with 11 archer) to attack Murcia. They arrive on Turn 16.
So Murcia falls on Turn 16.
If I send Sevilha directly to Murcia, they arrive on Turn 16. Same time, but I don't reinforce Cordoba.
Cordoba is a border village facing Murcia. If I don't reinforce it, the enemy might attack it? But Murcia is the only enemy nearby. If I attack Murcia, the enemy might attack Cordoba in the same turn.
So reinforcing Cordoba is good.
I'll send Sevilha's 8 archer to Cordoba.

What about Vigo and Burgos?
Vigo has 10 spearman. Porto has 12 spearman.
I want to attack Burgos [14] (defense 10).
If I send Porto's 12 spearman to Vigo, they arrive on Turn 15. Vigo has 10 + 12 = 22 spearman.
Then on Turn 16, I can send 22 spearman from Vigo to Burgos. They arrive on Turn 17 and attack Burgos (22 vs 10). Win.
But wait, I can send Porto's 12 spearman directly to Burgos! They arrive on Turn 16 (Porto -> Vigo -> Burgos).
If I send them directly to Burgos, they arrive on Turn 16 and fight Burgos (12 spearman vs 10 defense). 12 > 10, win!
And Vigo's 10 spearman can stay in Vigo to defend it.
This is much better! I conquer Burgos on Turn 16, and Vigo is still defended.
Let's check march time: Porto to Burgos.
Porto -> Vigo (1 turn) -> Burgos (1 turn). Total 2 turns.
If I send on Turn 14, they arrive on Turn 16.
Yes, sending Porto's 12 spearman directly to Burgos is efficient.
But wait, "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there".
Vigo is mine. So they pass through Vigo. They stop at Burgos (enemy) and fight.
So yes, they attack Burgos directly.
Attack power: 12 spearman = 12. Defender defense = 10. 12 > 10. Win.
I will lose some troops: "The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force".
Loser's effective force = 10. Half = 5. I lose 5 spearman. 7 spearman survive and stay as garrison in Burgos.
This is a great move.

Let's review the movements:
1. Porto [6] -> Burgos [14]: 12 spearman. (Conquers Burgos on Turn 16)
2. Toledo [8] -> Teruel [13]: 6 archer. (Reinforces Teruel on Turn 15)
3. Sevilha [9] -> Cordoba [11]: 8 archer. (Reinforces Cordoba on Turn 15)
4. Badajoz [4] -> Toledo [8]: 9 archer. (Reinforces Toledo on Turn 15)
5. Coimbra [3] -> Salamanca [7]: 6 spearman, 1 archer. (Reinforces Salamanca on Turn 15)
6. Faro [5] -> Badajoz [4]: 6 archer. (Reinforces Badajoz on Turn 15)
7. Santarem [1] -> Coimbra [3]: 12 archer. (Reinforces Coimbra on Turn 15)
8. Lisboa [0] -> Santarem [1]: 12 archer? Or keep them.
Actually, I can send Lisboa's 12 archer to Santarem, then Santarem to Coimbra, etc. But that's slow.
I'll just send Santarem's 12 archer to Coimbra. Coimbra will have 12 archer + 6 spearman, 1 archer = 12 archer, 7 spearman.
Then from Coimbra I can send them to Salamanca next turn.
But wait, I already sent Coimbra's troops to Salamanca. If I send Santarem's archers to Coimbra, they arrive on Turn 15. Then on Turn 16 I can send them to Salamanca (arrive Turn 17).
That's fine.

Let's check the builds:
- Salamanca: build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Leaves 10 wood, 50 iron.
- Toledo: build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Leaves 10 wood, 20 iron.
- Teruel: build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Leaves 10 wood, 0 iron. (Teruel has 40 wood, 30 iron. Can build 1 knight).
- Coimbra: build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Leaves 10 wood, 180 iron.
- Porto: build 1 spearman (15 wood). Leaves 15 wood, 180 iron.
- Lisboa: build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Leaves 20 wood, 50 iron.
- Santarem: build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Leaves 20 wood, 100 iron.
- Evora: build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Leaves 20 wood, 80 iron.
- Badajoz: build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Leaves 10 wood, 50 iron.
- Faro: build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Leaves 10 wood, 50 iron.

Wait, do I need to build so many? Resources are limited.
Let's prioritize builds at front-line villages.
Salamanca (front): build 1 knight.
Toledo (front): build 1 archer.
Teruel (front): build 1 knight.
Cordoba (front): 0 resources, cannot build.
Vigo (front): 0 resources, cannot build.
Badajoz (interior but near front): build 1 archer.
Faro (interior): build 1 archer.
Coimbra (interior): build 1 knight.
Porto (interior): build 1 spearman.
Lisboa, Santarem, Evora: build 1 archer each.

Let's double check resource costs and availability.
spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron.
archer: 20 wood, 10 iron.
knight: 30 wood, 30 iron.

Villages:
[0] Lisboa: wood 40, iron 60. Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). OK.
[1] Santarem: wood 40, iron 110. Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). OK.
[2] Evora: wood 40, iron 90. Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). OK.
[3] Coimbra: wood 40, iron 210. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). OK.
[4] Badajoz: wood 30, iron 60. Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). OK.
[5] Faro: wood 30, iron 60. Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). OK.
[6] Porto: wood 30, iron 180. Build 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron). OK.
[7] Salamanca: wood 40, iron 80. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). OK.
[8] Toledo: wood 30, iron 30. Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). OK.
[9] Sevilha: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.
[10] Vigo: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.
[11] Cordoba: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.
[13] Teruel: wood 40, iron 30. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). OK.

Looks good.

Now let's review the movements again.
I want to attack Madrid [12] eventually.
To do that, I need to gather troops at Salamanca [7] or Toledo [8].
Salamanca is connected to Madrid. Toledo is also connected to Madrid.
Salamanca has 8 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight. I will add Coimbra's 6 spearman, 1 archer, and Porto's 12 spearman.
Wait, I decided to send Porto's 12 spearman to Burgos, not Salamanca.
Let's re-evaluate.
If I send Porto's 12 spearman to Burgos, they conquer Burgos on Turn 16.
If I send Coimbra's 7 troops to Salamanca, Salamanca has 8 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight + 6 spearman, 1 archer = 14 spearman, 6 archer, 1 knight.
Attack power: 14 spearman (14) + 6 archer (12) + 1 knight (4) = 30. Defender Madrid: 25. 30 > 25. Win!
But wait, most numerous is spearman (14). Defender most numerous is spearman (6). No counter. Effective force = 30.
So Salamanca alone can conquer Madrid!
But I need to get the troops to Salamanca.
Coimbra -> Salamanca: 1 fast turn, 2 slow turns. "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".
So Coimbra's troops arrive on Turn 15 (if sent on Turn 14).
Then on Turn 15, Salamanca has the reinforcements. I can attack Madrid on Turn 15?
No, orders are simultaneous. I write orders for Turn 14 now. The movements happen, then Turn 15 starts. I write orders for Turn 15 then.
So on Turn 14, I send Coimbra to Salamanca. They arrive on Turn 15.
On Turn 15, I can order Salamanca to attack Madrid. They march to Madrid (1 turn) and arrive on Turn 16 to fight.
So Madrid falls on Turn 16.
That's fast!

What about Porto to Burgos?
Porto -> Burgos: 2 turns. Arrive on Turn 16 to fight.
So Burgos falls on Turn 16.
What about Sevilha to Cordoba?
Sevilha -> Cordoba: 1 turn. Arrive on Turn 15.
On Turn 15, Cordoba has 3 archer + 8 archer = 11 archer.
On Turn 15, I can order Cordoba to attack Murcia. They march to Murcia (1 turn) and arrive on Turn 16 to fight.
So Murcia falls on Turn 16.
What about Toledo to Teruel?
Toledo -> Teruel: 1 turn. Arrive on Turn 15.
Enemy army also arrives on Turn 15.
This is a clash. I don't know who wins, but reinforcing Teruel is good.

Let's check if I have enough troops to do all this.
Porto: 12 spearman. Send to Burgos.
Coimbra: 6 spearman, 1 archer. Send to Salamanca.
Sevilha: 8 archer. Send to Cordoba.
Toledo: 6 archer. Send to Teruel.
Badajoz: 9 archer. Send to Toledo (to replace Toledo's troops).
Faro: 6 archer. Send to Badajoz (to replace Badajoz's troops).
Santarem: 12 archer. Send to Coimbra (to replace Coimbra's troops).
Lisboa: 12 archer. Keep or send to Santarem?
Evora: 9 archer. Keep or send to Badajoz?

If I send Badajoz's 9 archer to Toledo, Toledo gets 9 archer.
If I send Faro's 6 archer to Badajoz, Badajoz gets 6 archer.
If I send Santarem's 12 archer to Coimbra, Coimbra gets 12 archer.
If I send Lisboa's 12 archer to Santarem, Santarem gets 12 archer.
This way, the interior villages are still defended, and the front villages are reinforced.
But wait, I need to send troops to attack Madrid. Salamanca is the attacker.
Salamanca will have: 8 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight (original) + 6 spearman, 1 archer (from Coimbra) = 14 spearman, 6 archer, 1 knight.
That's 21 troops. Enough to beat Madrid (25 defense).
But wait, I need to calculate the fight properly.
Attacker: 14 spearman, 6 archer, 1 knight.
Most numerous: spearman (14).
Defender: 6 spearman, 4 archers. Most numerous: spearman (6).
Counter: spearman vs spearman. No counter.
Attacker effective force: 14*1 + 6*2 + 1*4 = 14 + 12 + 4 = 30.
Defender effective defense: 25 (already includes location bonus).
30 > 25. Attacker wins.
Losses: "The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force".
Loser's effective force = 25. Half = 12.5, round down? "worth HALF of the loser's effective force". Probably 12 or 13.
So I lose ~12 troops. I have 21, so 9 survive and stay as garrison in Madrid.
That's a good outcome.

Can I make the attack stronger?
I can send Lisboa's 12 archer to Salamanca? Lisboa -> Santarem -> Coimbra -> Salamanca. 3 turns. Too slow for Turn 16.
I can send Santarem's 12 archer to Salamanca? Santarem -> Coimbra -> Salamanca. 2 turns. Arrive Turn 16. Too late for Turn 16 attack.
So I can only use Coimbra's troops for the Turn 16 attack on Madrid.
That's fine. 21 troops is enough.

Let's check the southern front: Murcia.
Cordoba has 3 archer. Sevilha has 8 archer.
If I send Sevilha's 8 archer to Cordoba, they arrive Turn 15.
On Turn 15, Cordoba has 11 archer.
On Turn 15, I order Cordoba to attack Murcia. They arrive Turn 16.
Attack: 11 archer = 22 attack. Defender Murcia: 3 archer, 1 knight. Defense 10.
Most numerous: archer. No counter. 22 > 10. Win.
Losses: half of 10 = 5. I lose 5 archer. 6 survive.
Good.

What about the eastern front: Teruel.
Toledo's 6 archer arrive Turn 15.
Enemy army arrives Turn 15.
Teruel garrison: 2 knight.
If enemy attacks Teruel, they fight the garrison first.
If I send Toledo's archers, they arrive Turn 15. Do they fight the enemy or join the garrison?
"You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements."
So they join the garrison. The garrison becomes 2 knight + 6 archer.
Then the enemy arrives and fights the garrison.
So the garrison defends against the enemy.
This is better than letting the enemy fight 2 knight alone.
So sending Toledo's archers to Teruel is correct.

What about Badajoz and Faro?
Badajoz has 9 archer. I send them to Toledo. Toledo gets 9 archer.
Faro has 6 archer. I send them to Badajoz. Badajoz gets 6 archer.
This keeps the line strong.

What about Santarem and Lisboa?
Santarem has 12 archer. I send them to Coimbra. Coimbra gets 12 archer.
Lisboa has 12 archer. I send them to Santarem. Santarem gets 12 archer.
This keeps the rear strong.

What about Evora?
Evora has 9 archer. I can keep them or send to Badajoz.
I'll keep them in Evora for now.

Let's check the road network for movements:
- Porto [6] -> Burgos [14]: road is [6] -> [10] -> [14]. Vigo [10] is mine. So they pass. OK.
- Coimbra [3] -> Salamanca [7]: road is [3] -> [7]. Direct. OK.
- Sevilha [9] -> Cordoba [11]: road is [9] -> [11]. Direct. OK.
- Toledo [8] -> Teruel [13]: road is [8] -> [13]. Direct. OK.
- Badajoz [4] -> Toledo [8]: road is [4] -> [8]. Direct. OK.
- Faro [5] -> Badajoz [4]: road is [5] -> [4]. Direct. OK.
- Santarem [1] -> Coimbra [3]: road is [1] -> [3]. Direct. OK.
- Lisboa [0] -> Santarem [1]: road is [0] -> [1]. Direct. OK.

All movements are along direct roads.

Let's write down the exact troop counts for movements.
- Porto to Burgos: 12 spearman.
- Coimbra to Salamanca: 6 spearman, 1 archer.
- Sevilha to Cordoba: 8 archer.
- Toledo to Teruel: 6 archer.
- Badajoz to Toledo: 9 archer.
- Faro to Badajoz: 6 archer.
- Santarem to Coimbra: 12 archer.
- Lisboa to Santarem: 12 archer.

Wait, Lisboa to Santarem: Lisboa has 12 archer. Santarem has 12 archer. If I send Lisboa's 12 archer to Santarem, Santarem has 24 archer. But Santarem is interior. That's fine.
But wait, I need to check if Santarem can hold 24 archer. Cap is 300. Yes.

Let's check if I have enough troops to send.
Porto: 12 spearman. OK.
Coimbra: 6 spearman, 1 archer. OK.
Sevilha: 8 archer. OK.
Toledo: 6 archer. OK.
Badajoz: 9 archer. OK.
Faro: 6 archer. OK.
Santarem: 12 archer. OK.
Lisboa: 12 archer. OK.

All villages have the troops listed.

Let's check the builds again.
I will build:
- Lisboa: 1 archer
- Santarem: 1 archer
- Evora: 1 archer
- Coimbra: 1 knight
- Badajoz: 1 archer
- Faro: 1 archer
- Porto: 1 spearman
- Salamanca: 1 knight
- Toledo: 1 archer
- Teruel: 1 knight

Wait, Teruel has 40 wood, 30 iron. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Can build 1 knight. OK.
Salamanca has 40 wood, 80 iron. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Can build 1 knight. OK.
Coimbra has 40 wood, 210 iron. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Can build 1 knight. OK.
Toledo has 30 wood, 30 iron. Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. Can build 1 archer. OK.
Badajoz has 30 wood, 60 iron. Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. Can build 1 archer. OK.
Faro has 30 wood, 60 iron. Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. Can build 1 archer. OK.
Porto has 30 wood, 180 iron. Spearman costs 15 wood, 0 iron. Can build 1 spearman. OK.
Lisboa has 40 wood, 60 iron. Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. Can build 1 archer. OK.
Santarem has 40 wood, 110 iron. Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. Can build 1 archer. OK.
Evora has 40 wood, 90 iron. Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. Can build 1 archer. OK.

Looks solid.

Let's think about the "plan" and "statement".
Plan: I am launching a multi-pronged offensive. Porto will take Burgos, Coimbra will reinforce Salamanca for an attack on Madrid, Sevilha will reinforce Cordoba for an attack on Murcia, and Toledo will reinforce Teruel against the incoming enemy army. I will also build troops across my empire to maintain momentum.
Statement: I have ordered a massive mobilization. Porto's spearmen march to Burgos, Coimbra's troops rush to Salamanca, and Sevilha's archers head to Cordoba. Toledo's archers race to Teruel to meet the enemy army. We build archers and knights at every available village to fuel the war machine. The enemy will not hold their ground!

Let's double check the JSON format.
{
  "build": [ {"villageId": <id>, "type": <type>, "quantity": <n>} ],
  "movements": [ {"fromId": <id>, "toId": <id>, "troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}} ],
  "plan": "<text>",
  "statement": "<text>"
}

Let's populate the JSON.

Builds:
{"villageId": 0, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}
{"villageId": 1, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}
{"villageId": 2, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}
{"villageId": 3, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
{"villageId": 4, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}
{"villageId": 5, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}
{"villageId": 6, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 1}
{"villageId": 7, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
{"villageId": 8, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}
{"villageId": 13, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}

Movements:
{"fromId": 6, "toId": 14, "troops": {"spearman": 12, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}}
{"fromId": 3, "toId": 7, "troops": {"spearman": 6, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}}
{"fromId": 9, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 8, "knight": 0}}
{"fromId": 8, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 6, "knight": 0}}
{"fromId": 4, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 9, "knight": 0}}
{"fromId": 5, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 6, "knight": 0}}
{"fromId": 1, "toId": 3, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 12, "knight": 0}}
{"fromId": 0, "toId": 1, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 12, "knight": 0}}

Wait, Lisboa to Santarem: Lisboa has 12 archer. Santarem has 12 archer. If I send Lisboa's 12 archer to Santarem, Santarem has 24 archer. But Santarem is interior. That's fine.
But wait, I need to check if Santarem can hold 24 archer. Cap is 300. Yes.

Let's review the plan and statement text.
Plan: "Multi-pronged offensive: Porto takes Burgos, Coimbra reinforces Salamanca for Madrid, Sevilha reinforces Cordoba for Murcia, Toledo reinforces Teruel. Build archers and knights everywhere to sustain the push. Next turn: attack Madrid, Murcia, and hold Teruel."
Statement: "The army is on the move! Porto's spearmen march to Burgos, Coimbra's troops rush to Salamanca, and Sevilha's archers head to Cordoba. Toledo's archers race to Teruel to meet the enemy army. We build archers and knights at every available village to fuel the war machine. The enemy will not hold their ground!"

Let's check if I missed anything.
- "The enemy capital is the hardest single target on the map; taking it is NOT required to win." -> I am not targeting Barcelona yet.
- "You currently hold 13 of 24." -> Need 18. Taking Madrid, Burgos, Murcia gives 16. Need 2 more (Valencia, Zaragoza, Castellon, or unexplored).
- "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS" -> I am writing orders based on the snapshot.
- "Each village you hold produces resources every turn" -> I am using the resources for builds.
- "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." -> I checked all builds.
- "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up" -> I am sending single armies to targets.
- "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours" -> I checked roads, all paths go through my villages first.
- "Your own armies never fight each other: they pass freely." -> I am sending Lisboa to Santarem, Santarem to Coimbra, etc. They just join garrisons.

Wait, Lisboa to Santarem: they arrive and join Santarem's garrison.
Santarem to Coimbra: they arrive and join Coimbra's garrison.
Coimbra to Salamanca: they arrive and join Salamanca's garrison.
This is a cascade of reinforcements. It takes multiple turns to reach the front, but it's safe.
Actually, Lisboa to Santarem takes 1 turn. Santarem to Coimbra takes 1 turn. Coimbra to Salamanca takes 1 turn.
So Lisboa's troops will take 3 turns to reach Salamanca. That's fine, they are reserves.

Let's double check the march times.
Lisboa to Santarem: road [0] -> [1]. 1 turn.
Santarem to Coimbra: road [1] -> [3]. 1 turn.
Coimbra to Salamanca: road [3] -> [7]. 1 turn.
So yes, 3 turns.

What about Faro to Badajoz?
Faro [5] -> Badajoz [4]. 1 turn.
Badajoz to Toledo [8]: [4] -> [8]. 1 turn.
Toledo to Teruel [13]: [8] -> [13]. 1 turn.
So Faro's troops take 3 turns to reach Teruel. They are reserves.

What about Sevilha to Cordoba?
Sevilha [9] -> Cordoba [11]. 1 turn.
Cordoba to Murcia [15]: [11] -> [15]. 1 turn.
So Sevilha's troops take 2 turns to reach Murcia. But I am sending them to Cordoba first, so they arrive Turn 15. Then on Turn 15 I order them to Murcia, arrive Turn 16. That's 2 turns total.

What about Porto to Burgos?
Porto [6] -> Vigo [10] -> Burgos [14]. 2 turns.
Arrive Turn 16.

What about Coimbra to Salamanca?
Coimbra [3] -> Salamanca [7]. 1 turn.
Arrive Turn 15.
Then Salamanca to Madrid [12]: [7] -> [12]. 1 turn.
Arrive Turn 16.

Everything seems consistent.

Let's check if I should send Lisboa's archers to Santarem, or just keep them in Lisboa.
Lisboa is the capital. "losing it does not lose the game and has no special effect". So it's safe to send troops away.
But keeping some troops in the capital is good for defense if the enemy reaches it. But the enemy is far away (Barcelona, Zaragoza, etc.). The road to Lisboa goes through Santarem and Coimbra. So as long as those are held, Lisboa is safe.
Sending them forward is fine.

Let's check the enemy villages again.
Madrid [12]: defense 25. Garrison: 6 spearmen, 4 archers.
Burgos [14]: defense 10. Garrison: 3 archers, 1 knight.
Murcia [15]: defense 10. Garrison: 3 archers, 1 knight.
Valencia [16]: defense 25. Garrison: 2 spearmen, 7 archers, 1 knight.
Zaragoza [17]: defense 25. Garrison: 4 spearmen, 5 archers, 1 knight.
Castellon [18]: defense 28. Garrison: 3 spearmen, 6 archers, 2 knights.

My attacks on Turn 16:
- Salamanca (21 troops) vs Madrid (25 defense). Win.
- Porto (12 spearman) vs Burgos (10 defense). Win.
- Cordoba (11 archer) vs Murcia (10 defense). Win.
Total enemy villages conquered: 3. My villages: 13 + 3 = 16.
Still need 2 more.
Next turn (Turn 17), I can attack Valencia, Zaragoza, or Castellon from the newly conquered villages.
From Madrid, I can attack Zaragoza [17] or Burgos [14] (already mine).
From Burgos, I can attack Pamplona [19] (unexplored) or Zaragoza [17] via Madrid.
From Murcia, I can attack Valencia [16].
So the campaign is on track.

Let's write the final JSON.
I will make sure the JSON is valid and contains only the required fields.

One small thing: "quantity": <how many to build, 1 or more>. I am building 1 of each. That's fine.
"troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}. I will use 0 for types not sent.

Let's review the movements list:
1. Porto to Burgos: 12 spearman.
2. Coimbra to Salamanca: 6 spearman, 1 archer.
3. Sevilha to Cordoba: 8 archer.
4. Toledo to Teruel: 6 archer.
5. Badajoz to Toledo: 9 archer.
6. Faro to Badajoz: 6 archer.
7. Santarem to Coimbra: 12 archer.
8. Lisboa to Santarem: 12 archer.

Looks good.

Let's write the plan and statement.
Plan: "Launch a three-pronged offensive: Porto takes Burgos, Coimbra reinforces Salamanca for Madrid, Sevilha reinforces Cordoba for Murcia, Toledo reinforces Teruel. Build archers and knights everywhere to sustain the push. Next turn: attack Madrid, Murcia, and hold Teruel."
Statement: "The army is on the move! Porto's spearmen march to Burgos, Coimbra's troops rush to Salamanca, and Sevilha's archers head to Cordoba. Toledo's archers race to Teruel to meet the enemy army. We build archers and knights at every available village to fuel the war machine. The enemy will not hold their ground!"

I will output the JSON now.

ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"cavaleiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":6,"destinoId":14,"tropas":{"lanceiro":12,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":3,"destinoId":7,"tropas":{"lanceiro":6,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":9,"destinoId":11,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":8,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":8,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":6,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":4,"destinoId":8,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":9,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":5,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":6,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":1,"destinoId":3,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":12,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":0,"destinoId":1,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":12,"cavaleiro":0}}]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [3]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [4]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [7]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [8]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [13]
ACEITO envio [6]->[14]: 12S
ACEITO envio [3]->[7]: 6S+1A
ACEITO envio [9]->[11]: 8A
ACEITO envio [8]->[13]: 6A
ACEITO envio [4]->[8]: 9A
ACEITO envio [5]->[4]: 6A
ACEITO envio [1]->[3]: 12A
ACEITO envio [0]->[1]: 12A
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Multi-pronged offensive: Porto takes Burgos, Coimbra reinforces Salamanca for Madrid, Sevilha reinforces Cordoba for Murcia, Toledo reinforces Teruel. Build archers and knights everywhere to sustain the push. Next turn: attack Madrid, Murcia, and hold Teruel.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): The army is on the move! Porto's spearmen march to Burgos, Coimbra's troops rush to Salamanca, and Sevilha's archers head to Cordoba. Toledo's archers race to Teruel to meet the enemy army. We build archers and knights at every available village to fuel the war machine. The enemy will not hold their ground!
########## TURNO 14 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3913 | resposta 39073 | raciocinio 32588 | finish stop | ms 393382
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 12, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 3}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 15, \"toId\": 11, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 16, \"toId\": 15, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 16, \"toId\": 11, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 19, \"toId\": 14, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 1, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 20, \"toId\": 19, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 23, \"toId\": 20, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 21, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 3}},\n    {\"fromId\": 22, \"toId\": 21, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 17, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 12, \"toId\": 14, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 18, \"toId\": 16, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 1, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 1}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Capture Cordoba with Murcia all troops; Valencia sends second wave to Cordoba and reinforces Murcia. Reinforce Burgos from Pamplona/Madrid for Vigo. Build archers (Huesca, Pamplona, Madrid, Castellon) and knights (Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Zaragoza). Flow knights to Madrid for Toledo. Next turn: attack Vigo from Burgos, continue building for Salamanca, assess Toledo.\",\n  \"statement\": \"This turn, my armies took Cordoba, with a second wave from Valencia securing the route. I have reinforced Murcia and Burgos, building up for the Vigo assault. Knights are flowing toward Madrid for Toledo, while archers are being produced for Salamanca. With Cordoba and Teruel falling, I will soon have 13 villages, closing in on the 18 needed for victory.\"\n}"
raciocinio: We need to parse the current state. The user is King B. They have 11 villages. They need to hold at least 18 of 24 villages for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. Currently hold 11 of 24. The enemy capital is Lisboa [0], not required to win.

We need to output JSON with build, movements, plan, statement.

First, understand the map and current situation.

Your villages:
- Barcelona [22] capital, interior, wood 40, iron 30, effective defense 48, troops 16/300, available: 6 spearman, 4 archer, 6 knight.
- Tarragona [21] interior, wood 30, iron 30, defense 23, troops 9/300, available: 0 spearman, 3 archer, 6 knight.
- Girona [23] interior, wood 35, iron 130, defense 40, troops 16/300, available: 9 spearman, 5 archer, 2 knight.
- Castellon [18] border with [13] enemy, wood 40, iron 60, defense 28, troops 11/300, available: 3 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight.
- Zaragoza [17] border with [13], wood 30, iron 50, defense 25, troops 10/300, available: 4 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight. Already marching out: 2 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight (to [13] Teruel, arrives in 1 turn).
- Huesca [20] interior, wood 60, iron 50, defense 15, troops 6/300, available: 0 spearman, 3 archer, 3 knight.
- Valencia [16] border with [13], wood 30, iron 30, defense 25, troops 10/300, available: 2 spearman, 7 archer, 1 knight.
- Madrid [12] border with [7], [8] enemy, wood 40, iron 60, defense 25, troops 10/300, available: 6 spearman, 4 archer, 0 knight.
- Murcia [15] border with [11] enemy, wood 0, iron 0, defense 10, troops 4/300, available: 0 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight.
- Pamplona [19] interior, wood 60, iron 50, defense 18, troops 7/300, available: 2 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight.
- Burgos [14] border with [10] enemy, wood 0, iron 0, defense 10, troops 4/300, available: 0 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight.

Enemy villages visible:
- [13] Teruel (enemy King A), garrison 2 knights, defense 5, march from [16] Valencia: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns.
- [7] Salamanca (enemy), garrison 8 spearmen, 5 archers, 1 knight, defense 35, march from [12] Madrid: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns.
- [8] Toledo (enemy), garrison 6 archers, defense 15, march from [12] Madrid: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns.
- [11] Cordoba (enemy), garrison 3 archers, defense 8, march from [15] Murcia: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns.
- [10] Vigo (enemy), garrison 10 spearmen, defense 25, march from [14] Burgos: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns.

Unexplored: [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto, [3] Coimbra, [9] Sevilha, [5] Faro, [1] Santarem, [0] Lisboa (enemy capital), [2] Evora.

Road network: many connections.

Armies on march: yours: 2 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight from [17] to [13], arrives in 1 turn. Enemy none sighted.

Last turn events: King A attacked [10] Vigo (victory, conquered), [11] Cordoba (victory, conquered), [13] Teruel (victory, conquered). You attacked [15] Murcia (victory, conquered, losses 2 troops), [14] Burgos (victory, conquered, losses 1 troop). Reinforcement arrived at [16] Valencia.

So last turn, you conquered Murcia and Burgos, which were neutral? Actually they are now your villages. The note says you attacked neutral Murcia and Burgos. Now they are yours. So you have 11 villages.

Now, you need to plan next turn (turn 14? Actually it's turn 14, we are to give orders for turn 14? The report says "TURN 14 - You are King B." So we are at the start of turn 14, giving orders for this turn. The previous turn was 13. So we need to decide builds and movements for turn 14.

Goal: hold 18 of 24 villages for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. Currently 11/24. Need to capture more villages. Enemy has many villages: we see [13] Teruel, [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [11] Cordoba, [10] Vigo, plus unexplored ones including capital. Total enemy villages? The map has 24 villages total. We have 11, so enemy has 13 (including capital). But some may be neutral? Actually the unexplored ones might be enemy or neutral. The note says neutral villages harden with time. But we have already conquered some neutrals. The remaining unexplored might be enemy or neutral. But we need to capture more.

We can attack enemy villages to conquer them. Each village we hold produces resources. We need to build troops to attack.

Let's analyze our current troops and resources.

We need to decide builds for each village. Each village can build up to 300 troops, but they pay from their own resources. We have resources per village.

List villages with resources and available troops:

1. Barcelona [22]: wood 40, iron 30. Available: 6 spearman, 4 archer, 6 knight. Can build more? It has 16/300 troops. It can build more if resources allow. But we need to see what we can build. Build costs: spearman 15 wood, 0 iron; archer 20 wood, 10 iron; knight 30 wood, 30 iron. Barcelona has 40 wood, 30 iron. Could build e.g., 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and some spearmen? But we need to consider what we want to send. Also, we can build troops and then send them.

We need to decide builds and movements simultaneously. The orders are simultaneous: we write orders, enemy writes orders, then both execute. So we cannot react to enemy moves this turn.

We need to consider the enemy's likely moves. Last turn, King A attacked and conquered [10] Vigo, [11] Cordoba, [13] Teruel. So they are expanding. They might attack our border villages next. Our border villages: Castellon [18] borders [13] Teruel (now enemy). Zaragoza [17] borders [13]. Valencia [16] borders [13]. Madrid [12] borders [7] Salamanca and [8] Toledo. Murcia [15] borders [11] Cordoba (enemy). Burgos [14] borders [10] Vigo (enemy). So many borders.

We need to defend or attack. We can send reinforcements to border villages, or attack enemy villages.

We have an army marching from Zaragoza to Teruel (2 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight) arriving in 1 turn. That will attack Teruel? Actually it's ordered to [13] Teruel. It will arrive and fight the garrison. Currently Teruel has 2 knights, defense 5. Our force: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Let's compute effective attack. The most numerous type? We have 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous is spearman (2). So counter matchup: spearman vs knight? Spearman counters knight, so we get 1.5x bonus? Wait: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5. The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So our most numerous is spearman (2). Enemy garrison: 2 knights. Their most numerous is knight. Spearman counters knight, so our force gets 1.5x multiplier. But we need to compute effective attack.

Attack values: spearman attack 1, archer attack 2, knight attack 4. Our army: 2 spearman (attack 2), 1 archer (attack 2), 1 knight (attack 4). Total raw attack = 2+2+4 = 8. But we need to see if the counter bonus applies to total or per unit? Usually it multiplies the force. The rule: "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So effective attack = 8 * 1.5 = 12? Or maybe it's per unit? The description: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup... Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So total attack multiplied by 1.5. So 12 attack.

Defense: enemy in village: effective defense 5 (already includes location bonus). They have 2 knights. Knight defense is 2 each, but in village defense counts x1.25. So base defense 2*2=4, x1.25 = 5, matches. So defense 5.

Our attack 12 vs defense 5, we win easily. But we also take losses. The winner takes losses against loser's effective force. So we will lose some troops. But we can probably take the village.

However, the enemy might send reinforcements? The enemy wrote orders simultaneously, so they might send troops to Teruel from somewhere. But we don't know. Our march will arrive and fight whatever is there. If enemy sends troops, they might arrive at same time? The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if enemy sends reinforcements, they will fight separately. Our force fights the garrison first? Actually the order: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So our army from Zaragoza to Teruel will fight the garrison at Teruel. If enemy sends troops to Teruel from elsewhere, they might arrive at the same turn? But they fight alone. The garrison is already there. The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So multiple sends fight sequentially. Probably the garrison fights first, then arriving reinforcements? Or maybe the garrison is part of the village, and any arriving troops join the garrison? The rule: "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." For enemy, they would join the garrison. But if we attack, we fight the garrison. If enemy sends reinforcements that arrive on the same turn, do they fight with the garrison? The rule says "each send fights alone, one at a time." That suggests that if multiple armies arrive at an enemy village, they fight the garrison one after another. But if the garrison is defending, it fights the first attacker. If the first attacker wins, it takes the village and the garrison is destroyed. Then the second attacker would fight the new occupant? That seems messy. Probably the intended interpretation: When you attack a village, you fight the garrison currently there. If the enemy sends reinforcements that arrive on the same turn, they would be part of the garrison? But the rule says "each send fights alone", meaning if you send from multiple villages to the same enemy village, they don't combine; each fights the garrison separately. But if the enemy sends reinforcements to their own village, those reinforcements would arrive and join the garrison before the fight? The turn order: simultaneous orders, then movement and combat. Typically, reinforcements arrive and then combat occurs. But the rule "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up" applies to your own troops. For enemy, they might add to garrison. However, the rule says "each send fights alone, one at a time" for attackers. So if we send multiple armies to the same village, they fight sequentially. For defenders, the garrison is the sum of all troops stationed there. If enemy sends reinforcements, they would arrive and increase the garrison before combat? The rules don't specify order of arrival vs combat. But since it's simultaneous, likely all movements happen, then combat. So any reinforcements sent to a village would arrive and then the village's total garrison defends against all attackers. But the rule "each send fights alone" might mean that if you send two armies to the same enemy village, they don't merge into one force; they attack separately, one after the other. So the garrison fights the first army, then if it wins, it fights the second, etc. That makes sense.

So for our march to Teruel, we will fight the current garrison (2 knights). If enemy sends reinforcements to Teruel from elsewhere, they would arrive and join the garrison, increasing the defense. But we don't know.

We need to decide our moves. We have limited troops. We should try to capture more villages to reach 18. We currently have 11. We need 7 more. The enemy has many villages. We can attack Salamanca, Toledo, Cordoba, Vigo, Teruel, and unexplored ones. But we need to be careful not to lose too many troops.

We also need to build troops to replenish and expand.

Let's assess our current troop counts and where they are.

Total troops at home: 103 soldiers (32 spearman, 46 archer, 25 knight) + 4 marching. So total troops: 107. But many are distributed.

We need to consider the counter triangle. Spearman counters knight, archer counters spearman, knight counters archer. So we should design armies to exploit counters.

Enemy garrisons we see:
- Teruel: 2 knights -> weak against spearmen. We have spearmen.
- Salamanca: 8 spearmen, 5 archers, 1 knight -> most numerous spearman. Countered by archers. But they also have knight. We could use archers to counter spearman, but their knight counters our archers. Might be tough.
- Toledo: 6 archers -> knight counters archers. So we could use knights.
- Cordoba: 3 archers -> knights.
- Vigo: 10 spearmen -> archers.

So we can plan attacks accordingly.

Our border villages and available troops:

From Madrid [12]: available 6 spearman, 4 archer, 0 knight. It borders Salamanca and Toledo. We could send archers to attack Salamanca (since spearman are numerous there, archers counter them). But Salamanca has defense 35, which is high. Our available attack power if we send all from Madrid: 6 spearman (attack 6), 4 archer (attack 8) = 14 raw. But if we send archers as most numerous? We have 4 archers vs 6 spearmen, so most numerous is spearman (6). That would be spearman vs spearman? No, enemy most numerous is spearman (8). Our most numerous is spearman (6). So no counter bonus? Actually, if both most numerous are same type, no counter? The rule: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So if both are spearman, it's a tie, and ties break in order spearman, archer, knight. So spearman vs spearman: no counter bonus? The counter triangle only gives bonus if you have the counter. If both same, no bonus. So our attack would be 14 vs defense 35? That's hopeless. We need more troops.

We can send troops from multiple villages to the same target, but they fight alone. So we need to send a strong force that can defeat the garrison in one fight. So we should combine troops from several villages into one army? But we cannot combine troops from different villages into one army; they march separately and fight alone. However, we can send them to the same village, and they will fight the garrison sequentially. If the first army wins, it takes the village, and then the second army would fight the new garrison (which would be the first army's remnants). That could work: we send a small army to take the village, then send a larger army to reinforce the new garrison. But to conquer, we need to defeat the garrison. If we send multiple armies, the first one must be strong enough to win. So we need to concentrate force in one send.

But we can only send from one village at a time? We can send from multiple villages to the same target, but they fight alone. So if we send a weak army first, it might lose. We need to send a strong army from one village that can win. So we need to build up troops in a border village and then attack.

Alternatively, we can attack a weaker village like Cordoba (defense 8, 3 archers). We can send from Murcia [15] which has 0 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. Attack power: 3 archers (6 attack) + 1 knight (4 attack) = 10. Most numerous: archer (3) vs enemy archer (3). Tie? Enemy has 3 archers, so most numerous archer. Our most numerous archer. Tie, no counter. Defense 8. Attack 10 vs defense 8, we win? But tie favors defender? "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER." So we need higher effective force. 10 vs 8, we have higher, so we win. But we need to consider effective attack vs effective defense. The effective defense is 8 (already includes location bonus). Our effective attack is just sum of attacks? The rules: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs." So we compare total attack vs total defense. No multiplier unless counter bonus. So 10 vs 8, we win. But we also take losses: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So we will lose some troops. The loser's effective force is 8 (defense). Our losses are proportional? Not specified exactly, but we will lose some.

But Cordoba is a small garrison. We could take it with Murcia's troops. However, Murcia has 0 wood, 0 iron, so it cannot build new troops. It has 4 troops at home. We could send them all. But then Murcia would be undefended? It borders Cordoba, so if we take Cordoba, we extend border. But we need to hold it.

We also have Burgos [14] with 0 wood, 0 iron, 4 troops (0 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight). It borders Vigo (10 spearmen, defense 25). Sending from Burgos: 3 archers (6 attack) + 1 knight (4) = 10 vs defense 25, we lose.

So we need to build more troops.

Let's look at our resource production. Each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. But some villages have 0 wood/iron? Actually Murcia and Burgos have 0 wood, 0 iron. They still produce 30 wood, 20 iron per turn? The report says: "wood 0 (+30/turn) | iron 0 (+20/turn)". So they produce, but currently have 0 stock? They might have spent it all. They can still build if they have resources? They have 0, so they cannot build until they accumulate. But they produce, so next turn they will have 30 wood, 20 iron. But we are ordering builds now for this turn; we can only order builds that the village can pay for NOW. So Murcia and Burgos cannot build anything now because they have 0 wood, 0 iron. They need to wait.

Other villages have resources. Let's list each village's wood and iron, and what they can build.

We need to decide builds for each village. We can build spearman, archer, or knight. We should build troops that are useful for offense or defense.

Also, we need to consider that we have an army marching to Teruel. That army is from Zaragoza. Zaragoza already sent 2 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight. It has remaining available: 4 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight. It can build more to replace or reinforce.

We need to think about the overall strategy. We need 18 villages. We have 11. We can try to capture Teruel (enemy) with the marching army. That would give us 12. Then we need 6 more. We can also attack Cordoba from Murcia, giving 13. Then we need 5 more. Salamanca and Toledo are heavily guarded. We might need to build up more.

But we also need to defend our villages from enemy attacks. The enemy might attack our border villages. We should reinforce our border villages with troops to defend. Defense is easier: defense counts x1.25 in village, x1.5 in castle. So we can leave troops in villages to defend.

We have many interior villages that are not bordering enemy. They can produce troops and send them to borders.

Let's list all villages with their resources and available troops, and decide builds.

Villages:

1. Barcelona [22]: wood 40, iron 30. Troops: 16/300. Available to send: 6 spearman, 4 archer, 6 knight. But these are already built; we can send them. We can also build new ones. With 40 wood, 30 iron, we can build:
   - spearman: 15 wood each -> max 2 (30 wood), but we have 40 wood, so 2 spearmen cost 30 wood, 0 iron, leaving 10 wood.
   - archer: 20 wood, 10 iron -> max 1 (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 20 wood, 20 iron.
   - knight: 30 wood, 30 iron -> max 1 (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 10 wood, 0 iron.
   We could build 1 archer and 1 spearman? 20+15=35 wood, 10 iron, leaving 5 wood, 20 iron. Or 2 spearmen and 1 archer? 30+20=50 wood >40. So not.
   Best to build what we need. Barcelona is capital, interior, safe. We might want to build knights or archers to send to front lines. But we need to consider that troops sent from Barcelona take time to reach borders. Nearest border is Castellon (2 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns). So they take time.

2. Tarragona [21]: wood 30, iron 30. Troops 9/300. Available: 0 spearman, 3 archer, 6 knight. Can build: with 30 wood, 30 iron:
   - 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> exactly.
   - or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 35 wood >30.
   - or 2 spearmen (30 wood) leaving 0 wood, 30 iron.
   So we could build 1 knight, or 2 spearmen, or 1 archer (leaving 10 wood, 20 iron). We need to decide.

3. Girona [23]: wood 35, iron 130. Troops 16/300. Available: 9 spearman, 5 archer, 2 knight. Can build: lots of iron. Wood 35 limits. Can build:
   - 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 15 wood, 120 iron.
   - or 2 spearmen (30 wood) leaving 5 wood, 130 iron.
   - or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 5 wood, 100 iron.
   - or 1 spearman (15 wood) + 1 archer (20 wood) = 35 wood, 10 iron, leaving 0 wood, 120 iron.
   So we can build a mix.

4. Castellon [18]: wood 40, iron 60. Troops 11/300. Available: 3 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight. Border with Teruel. Can build: wood 40, iron 60.
   - 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) leaving 0 wood, 40 iron.
   - or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 45 wood >40.
   - or 2 spearmen (30 wood) + 1 archer (20 wood) = 50 wood >40.
   - or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 10 wood, 30 iron.
   - or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 35 wood, 10 iron, leaving 5 wood, 50 iron.
   So options.

5. Zaragoza [17]: wood 30, iron 50. Troops 10/300, but already sent 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight marching. So at home: originally 10, sent 4, so 6 left? Wait, the report says "troops at home: 10 / 300" and "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 4 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight" and "already marching out (NOT available): 2 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight". So total troops at home including those marching? Actually "troops at home: 10" might mean currently stationed there, but some are ordered to march? The available to send are those not yet sent. The already marching are those that were sent last turn? They are on the way. So at the start of this turn, Zaragoza has 10 troops at home, plus 4 marching? No, the marching troops are from Zaragoza, so they are no longer at home. The report says "troops at home: 10 / 300" and then lists available to send and already marching. So the 10 at home include the available ones? Let's check: available: 4 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight = 10. Already marching: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight = 4. So total troops that were in Zaragoza last turn must have been 14? But it says troops at home: 10. That might be after sending? Actually, the report is from turn 14 start. The orders from last turn sent 4 troops marching. So they left. So the current garrison is 10. And we can send those 10 now. So Zaragoza has 10 troops available to send, and 4 are already on the march. So total troops from Zaragoza: 14. But we can only send the 10 available. We can also build new ones. Zaragoza has wood 30, iron 50. Can build:
   - 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 0 wood, 20 iron.
   - or 2 spearmen (30 wood) leaving 0 wood, 50 iron.
   - or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 35 wood >30.
   - or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 40 iron.
   So best might be 1 knight or 2 spearmen.

6. Huesca [20]: wood 60, iron 50. Troops 6/300. Available: 0 spearman, 3 archer, 3 knight. Can build: wood 60, iron 50.
   - 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) >50 iron, so max 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 30 wood, 20 iron.
   - or 3 archers? 3*20=60 wood, 30 iron, leaving 0 wood, 20 iron.
   - or 4 spearmen? 4*15=60 wood, 0 iron, leaving 0 wood, 50 iron.
   - or mix: 1 knight + 1 archer = 50 wood, 40 iron, leaving 10 wood, 10 iron.
   - or 2 archers + 1 spearman = 40+15=55 wood, 20 iron, leaving 5 wood, 30 iron.
   Many options.

7. Valencia [16]: wood 30, iron 30. Troops 10/300. Available: 2 spearman, 7 archer, 1 knight. Border with Teruel. Can build: wood 30, iron 30.
   - 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) exactly.
   - or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 35 wood >30.
   - or 2 spearmen (30 wood) leaving 0 wood, 30 iron.
   - or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 20 iron.
   So 1 knight is good.

8. Madrid [12]: wood 40, iron 60. Troops 10/300. Available: 6 spearman, 4 archer, 0 knight. Border with Salamanca and Toledo. Can build: wood 40, iron 60.
   - 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) leaving 0 wood, 40 iron.
   - or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 45 wood >40.
   - or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 10 wood, 30 iron.
   - or 2 spearmen (30 wood) + 1 archer (20 wood) = 50 wood >40.
   - or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 35 wood, 10 iron, leaving 5 wood, 50 iron.
   So we can build 2 archers or 1 knight.

9. Murcia [15]: wood 0, iron 0. Troops 4/300. Available: 0 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. Cannot build.

10. Pamplona [19]: wood 60, iron 50. Troops 7/300. Available: 2 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight. Interior. Can build: wood 60, iron 50.
   - Similar to Huesca: can build 1 knight, or 3 archers, or 4 spearmen, etc.

11. Burgos [14]: wood 0, iron 0. Troops 4/300. Available: 0 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. Cannot build.

Now, we need to decide what to build and where to send troops.

Our immediate goal: capture Teruel with the marching army. That army is 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. It should defeat the 2 knights garrison. Let's compute precisely.

Attack: 2 spearman (2), 1 archer (2), 1 knight (4) = 8. Most numerous: spearman (2). Enemy: knight (2). Spearman counters knight -> 1.5x bonus. Effective attack = 8 * 1.5 = 12.
Defense: enemy effective defense 5 (given). So 12 vs 5, we win. Losses: we take attrition against loser's effective force. Loser's effective force is their defense? Or their attack? The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." In defense, the loser's effective force is their defense? Probably the effective force they had. For defender, effective force is defense. So we lose some troops proportional to 5? Not sure how many. But we will lose some. We might lose 1 or 2 troops. After battle, we occupy Teruel. The surviving troops become the garrison. So we need to consider that we might have fewer troops left.

We should also send reinforcements to Teruel after it's captured? But we can send troops to Teruel now, but they would fight the garrison. If we send more troops from other villages to Teruel, they would fight the garrison separately. If our first army wins, the village becomes ours, and then any subsequent arriving troops would join the garrison. But since orders are simultaneous, if we send troops from another village to Teruel, they will arrive on the same turn? They might take different time. We need to check march times.

From Valencia [16] to Teruel [13]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So if we send from Valencia, it takes 1 turn for fast, 1 for medium, 1 for slow? Actually the report says "march from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means the travel time is 1 turn for slow troops, 1 for medium, 1 for fast? That seems all 1. So any troop from Valencia takes 1 turn to reach Teruel. Our marching army from Zaragoza takes 1 turn as well (arrives in 1 turn). So if we send from Valencia and Zaragoza, they would both arrive on the same turn? But they fight alone. The order of fights might be determined by something. If both arrive at the same time, which fights first? The rules don't specify. Possibly the defender fights both sequentially, but the first attacker might win and take the village, then the second attacker would fight the new garrison. That could be good: we can send a small force to finish off the garrison after our main force wins, or send a second wave to reinforce.

But we need to be careful: if we send from Valencia to Teruel, we are pulling troops from Valencia, which is a border village that might be attacked. Also, Valencia has resources to build.

Alternatively, we could send troops to reinforce Zaragoza or other border villages to defend against enemy counterattacks.

Let's think about the enemy's possible moves. Last turn, King A conquered Teruel, Vigo, Cordoba. They might try to expand into our territory. Our border villages: Castellon, Zaragoza, Valencia border Teruel (now enemy). Madrid borders Salamanca and Toledo. Murcia borders Cordoba. Burgos borders Vigo. So they could attack these. We need to reinforce them.

But we also need to attack. We can do both: build troops and send some to defend, some to attack.

We have limited troops. We should try to capture villages to increase our count. Capturing Teruel gives us 12. Then we can capture Cordoba (13). Then we need 5 more. Salamanca and Toledo are strong. We might need to build up a large army to attack them.

We also have unexplored villages that might be neutral or enemy. We can try to explore by sending troops? But we can only see villages connected to ours. We can attack unexplored ones if we march through roads. But we need to know where they are. The road network shows connections. We can send armies along roads to discover villages. For example, from Madrid we can send to Salamanca (already seen) or to Toledo (seen). From Burgos we can send to Vigo (seen). From Murcia to Cordoba (seen). From Valencia to Teruel (seen). The unexplored ones are [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto, [3] Coimbra, [9] Sevilha, [5] Faro, [1] Santarem, [0] Lisboa, [2] Evora. We can reach some of these by marching through enemy villages? But we cannot march past an enemy village without fighting it. So to reach Badajoz, we would need to go through Salamanca or Toledo? Road network: Badajoz [4] connects to [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. So from our territory, we can reach it via Salamanca [7] or Toledo [8] or Sevilha [9]. But those are enemy. So we would have to fight through them. That's difficult.

Maybe we should focus on capturing the enemy villages we can see, and then from there explore further.

We need to decide on builds for this turn. Let's prioritize building troops that are effective for offense. We have many archers and knights available. We need to consider the counter triangle. To attack Salamanca (8 spearmen, 5 archers, 1 knight), we want to use archers to counter spearman. But they also have archers and a knight. Our archers would counter their spearmen, but their knight counters our archers. So we might need to send a mix. The most numerous type in Salamanca is spearman (8). If we send mostly archers, we get the counter bonus (archer counters spearman). So we should send an army with many archers. But we also need to survive their knight. The knight attacks our archers (knight attacks archer? Knight attack 4, defense 2; archer attack 2, defense 2. Knight counters archer? The triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. So knight counters archer. So if they have a knight, it will counter our archers if archers are our most numerous. That would give them a 1.5x bonus? Actually the counter bonus applies to the attacker if they have the counter. The rule: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counts knight; archer counts spearman; knight counts archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So if we attack with archers as most numerous, and the defender has spearman as most numerous, we get 1.5x. But if the defender also has a knight, does that affect the counter? The counter matchup is determined by the most numerous type of each army. So if our most numerous is archer, and their most numerous is spearman, we get the bonus. Their knight is not the most numerous, so it doesn't set the matchup. However, the knight still fights and its attack/defense are used. But the bonus is only based on the most numerous types. So we would get 1.5x on our total attack. That's good.

So to attack Salamanca, we want an army with many archers. We have archers available in Madrid (4), Valencia (7), Castellon (6), etc. We could send a large archer force from one village. But Madrid has only 4 archers and 6 spearmen. If we send all from Madrid, most numerous is spearman (6), not archer. That would not give the counter bonus. We need to send more archers than spearmen. We could build more archers in Madrid. Madrid has wood 40, iron 60. We can build 2 archers (cost 40 wood, 20 iron). That would give Madrid 6 archers? It already has 4, so building 2 gives 6 archers, and we still have 6 spearmen. Then most numerous would be tied 6-6. Ties break in order spearman, archer, knight. So spearman wins tie? The rule: "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight." So if tied, the type earlier in that order is considered the most numerous? That means if we have 6 spearmen and 6 archers, the most numerous is spearman (since spearman is first in tiebreak). So we would still not get archer counter. We need strictly more archers than spearmen. So we could build 3 archers? But wood 40 only allows 2 archers (40 wood). We could build 1 knight instead? But knight doesn't counter spearman. We could send some spearmen away to reduce their count. We can send troops to other villages. For example, we could send the 6 spearmen from Madrid to reinforce another village, leaving only archers. Then Madrid would have only archers (4 + built). Then we can send all archers to attack Salamanca. But sending spearmen away takes time and they might be needed elsewhere.

Alternatively, we can attack from another village that has more archers. Valencia has 7 archers, 2 spearmen, 1 knight. Most numerous is archer (7). If we send all from Valencia, most numerous is archer. Enemy Salamanca most numerous is spearman. So archer counters spearman, we get 1.5x bonus. Attack power: 7 archers (14) + 2 spearmen (2) + 1 knight (4) = 20 raw. With 1.5x = 30 effective attack. Salamanca defense is 35. So 30 vs 35, we lose? Actually we need higher effective force to win. 30 < 35, so we lose. But wait, the defense 35 is effective defense including location bonus. Our attack 30 is effective attack. We need >35 to win. So we need more. We could reinforce Valencia with more archers from other villages? But they fight alone. If we send from Valencia and from another village, they fight separately. The first one might lose. So we need to send a single army that can win. So we need to build up a village with enough archers to beat Salamanca.

Salamanca defense 35. To win, we need effective attack >35. With archer counter (1.5x), we need raw attack > 35/1.5 = 23.33. So raw attack 24 would give 36 effective. So we need raw attack of at least 24. That means we need enough archers and other troops. Each archer gives 2 attack. So 12 archers give 24 raw. But we can include other troops. If we have 10 archers (20) and some knights (4 each) or spearmen (1 each). But we must have archers as most numerous to get the counter. So we need more archers than any other type. So we could have, say, 12 archers and 0 others, raw 24, effective 36 >35, win. Or 10 archers + 1 knight: raw 20+4=24, but most numerous is archer (10) vs knight (1), so archer is most numerous, counter applies. Effective 36. So we need to assemble a large archer army in one village.

Which village can hold and build that many archers? The cap is 300, so we can have many. But we need resources to build them. Each archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. We need to build them over several turns because wood is limited per turn. Each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron. So we can build at most 1 archer per turn per village if wood is 20, but some have more wood. We can also use iron. We need to plan multiple turns ahead.

But we are at turn 14. We need to win quickly. We might not have time to build up a huge army. We could instead attack weaker villages first to increase our count and resources. Capturing a village gives us its production. So we should capture villages that are weak and can help us build more.

Cordoba: defense 8, 3 archers. We can attack from Murcia. Murcia has 3 archers, 1 knight. Raw attack: 3*2 + 4 = 10. Most numerous: archer (3) vs enemy archer (3). Tie, no counter. Effective attack 10 vs defense 8, we win. We will take losses but capture Cordoba. That gives us a new village. What does Cordoba produce? It's an enemy village; we don't know its resources yet. But it will produce 30 wood, 20 iron per turn once ours. Also, it may have troops we can use.

Teruel: defense 5, 2 knights. Our marching army from Zaragoza should win. That gives us Teruel. Teruel produces resources.

Vigo: defense 25, 10 spearmen. We could attack from Burgos, but Burgos has few troops. We need to build up.

Toledo: defense 15, 6 archers. We can attack from Madrid. Madrid has 6 spearmen, 4 archers. If we send all, most numerous spearman (6) vs enemy archer (6)? Enemy most numerous is archer. Spearman does not counter archer; archer counters spearman? Actually archer counters spearman. So if enemy most numerous is archer, and we send spearman, the enemy gets the counter bonus? Wait, the counter bonus applies to the attacker if they have the counter. The rule: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't say the defender gets the counter. It says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So if we attack, we check if our most numerous type counters the enemy's most numerous type. If so, we get 1.5x. If not, no bonus. The defender does not get a counter bonus; they just use defense. So for Toledo, enemy most numerous is archer. If we attack with spearman (most numerous), spearman does not counter archer (archer counters spearman). So we don't get bonus. If we attack with knight, knight counters archer, so we get 1.5x. So to attack Toledo, we should use knights. Madrid has 0 knights. We could build knights there? Madrid has iron 60, wood 40. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). But we need more knights to be most numerous. We could send knights from other villages. But they fight alone. So we need to assemble knights in one village.

We have knights in Barcelona (6), Tarragona (6), Girona (2), Castellon (2), Zaragoza (1), Huesca (3), Valencia (1), Pamplona (2), etc. We could send knights from several villages to Madrid, and then from Madrid attack Toledo. But they would fight the garrison sequentially. If we send a small knight force first, it might lose. We need to send a strong knight force from one village. We can build knights in Madrid? Madrid can build 1 knight now, but we need more. Over time, Madrid can build 1 knight per turn (30 wood, 30 iron) after using 40 wood? Actually Madrid produces 30 wood, 20 iron. To build a knight, need 30 wood, 30 iron. It has 40 wood, 60 iron currently. So it can build 1 knight this turn (uses 30 wood, 30 iron), leaving 10 wood, 30 iron. Next turn, it will have 30 wood, 20 iron, not enough for another knight (needs 30 wood, 30 iron). So it can only build 1 knight every other turn if it saves iron. Or it could build archers instead.

Maybe we should focus on capturing Teruel and Cordoba first, then use their resources to build more.

Let's decide on a strategy for this turn.

Immediate actions:
- The marching army to Teruel should probably continue. We can't change it; it's already ordered. We can send reinforcements to Teruel if we want, but they would fight the garrison. If our marching army wins, Teruel becomes ours. If we send additional troops from Valencia or elsewhere, they would arrive at the same time? From Valencia to Teruel is 1 turn. So if we send from Valencia now, they arrive same turn as the Zaragoza army. They would fight the garrison separately. If Zaragoza army wins first, then Valencia troops would fight the new garrison (which is the Zaragoza survivors). That could be good: we can send a second wave to reinforce. But we need to know the order of fights. If the garrison fights first, then our Zaragoza army fights, then Valencia army fights the winner? Actually, the rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there." So each army fights the garrison at the time of arrival. If multiple armies arrive at the same enemy village on the same turn, they fight one at a time. The garrison is the same for all? But if the first army wins, the village becomes ours, and the garrison is replaced by the survivors of that army. Then the second army, arriving at the same village, would now be arriving at a friendly village? Actually, if the village is now ours, the second army would not fight; they would join the garrison. But the rule says "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This implies that if you send multiple armies to the same enemy village, they each fight the garrison (or the current occupant) sequentially. So if the first army wins and takes the village, the second army would then fight the new occupant (which is the first army's survivors). That could be bad if the first army is weakened. But if the first army wins with few losses, the second army might have to fight them? That would be friendly fire? The rule says "Your own armies never fight each other: they pass freely." So if the village becomes yours, the second army would not fight; they would just join. But the rule "each send fights alone" applies to attacking an enemy village. Once the village is yours, it's not an enemy village anymore. So the second army would just march in and reinforce. But the timing: on the same turn, do they all arrive simultaneously? The rule might be that all movements happen, then combat is resolved. If multiple armies arrive at an enemy village, they all fight the garrison? But they fight alone, meaning each fights the garrison separately, and the garrison fights back each time. That would mean the garrison fights multiple battles. If the garrison wins the first, it might be weakened, then the second fights. If the first attacker wins, the village is captured, and then the second attacker is attacking a friendly village? That would be weird. Probably the intended rule is: when an army arrives at an enemy village, it fights the garrison. If multiple armies arrive, they fight in some order. If the first one wins, the village becomes yours, and the subsequent armies that were ordered to that village would instead just reinforce (since it's now friendly). But the orders were given when it was enemy. The rules don't clarify. We should be cautious. Maybe it's better to send only one army to attack a village, to avoid complications.

So for Teruel, we already have one army marching. We should not send additional troops to Teruel this turn unless we are confident they won't fight our own troops. But we could send them to Zaragoza or Valencia to reinforce those border villages against expected enemy attacks.

Let's think about defense. Our border villages are likely to be attacked. We should reinforce them. We can send troops from interior villages to border villages. For example, from Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Huesca, Pamplona to Castellon, Zaragoza, Madrid, etc.

We also need to build troops. We should build troops that are useful for both defense and offense. Archers are versatile. Knights are expensive but powerful. Spearmen are cheap and good against knights.

Given that the enemy has many knights (Teruel had 2 knights, maybe others), spearmen are useful for defense against knights. But for offense, we need to counter the enemy's main type.

Let's list the enemy villages and their garrisons again:
- Teruel: 2 knights -> we are attacking with spearmen counter.
- Salamanca: 8 spearmen, 5 archers, 1 knight -> archers counter spearmen.
- Toledo: 6 archers -> knights counter archers.
- Cordoba: 3 archers -> knights counter archers.
- Vigo: 10 spearmen -> archers counter spearmen.

So to attack Salamanca and Vigo, we want archers. To attack Toledo and Cordoba, we want knights. To attack Teruel, we want spearmen (already done).

We have many archers available. We have knights scattered. We should try to concentrate archers for Salamanca/Vigo, and knights for Toledo/Cordoba.

But we also need to defend our villages. If we send all our archers to attack, our border villages might be left with few troops. The enemy could attack them. For example, if we send archers from Valencia to attack somewhere, Valencia might be attacked by enemy from Teruel. So we need to leave enough troops to defend.

Defense in a village: effective defense is given. For our villages, we have effective defense values: Barcelona 48, Tarragona 23, Girona 40, Castellon 28, Zaragoza 25, Huesca 15, Valencia 25, Madrid 25, Murcia 10, Pamplona 18, Burgos 10. These are with current troops. If we send troops away, the defense will drop. We need to ensure we can defend against enemy attacks.

We don't know the enemy's attack power. But we can estimate. The enemy will likely send troops from their villages. They have Salamanca, Toledo, Cordoba, Vigo, Teruel, and capital. They might send troops to attack our border villages. We should reinforce our border villages to keep their defense high.

Let's consider each border village:

- Castellon [18]: borders Teruel. Currently defense 28 with 11 troops (3 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight). If enemy attacks from Teruel, they might send troops. We should keep Castellon strong. We can send reinforcements from Tarragona or Barcelona.

- Zaragoza [17]: borders Teruel. Defense 25 with 10 troops (4 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight) plus 4 marching out. So current garrison 10. If we send more, defense increases.

- Valencia [16]: borders Teruel. Defense 25 with 10 troops (2 spearman, 7 archer, 1 knight).

- Madrid [12]: borders Salamanca and Toledo. Defense 25 with 10 troops (6 spearman, 4 archer). Should be reinforced.

- Murcia [15]: borders Cordoba. Defense 10 with 4 troops (0 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight). Very weak. Should be reinforced or we abandon it? But we need it to attack Cordoba.

- Burgos [14]: borders Vigo. Defense 10 with 4 troops (0 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight). Weak.

We need to send troops to these weak border villages. We can send from interior villages: Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Huesca, Pamplona. Also, we can build new troops in border villages themselves.

Let's see what we can send from interior villages.

Barcelona [22]: available 6 spearman, 4 archer, 6 knight. It is far from borders. To Castellon: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So knights take 1 turn, archers 1, spearmen 2. To Madrid: from Barcelona, road? Barcelona to Madrid? Road network: Barcelona [22] connects to [21] Tarragona and [23] Girona. To get to Madrid, need to go through Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> Madrid? Actually roads: Tarragona [21] connects to [17] Zaragoza and [18] Castellon and [22] Barcelona. Zaragoza connects to [12] Madrid. So from Barcelona to Madrid: Barcelona -> Tarragona (1 turn?) -> Zaragoza -> Madrid. Travel times: from Barcelona to Tarragona is likely 1 turn? The report says from Barcelona to nearest border village Castellon: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. So to Tarragona might be 1 turn? Not specified. But we can send troops to Tarragona, then from there to Zaragoza, etc. But we can only order direct moves from one village to another along roads. We can send from Barcelona to Tarragona (reinforce), then later from Tarragona to Zaragoza. But for this turn, we can only send from Barcelona to some destination. We can send to Tarragona, which is our village, to reinforce it. Then Tarragona can send further next turn.

So we should use interior villages to reinforce border villages directly if there is a road. Let's check connections:

- Barcelona [22] connects to Tarragona [21] and Girona [23].
- Tarragona [21] connects to Barcelona, Castellon [18], Zaragoza [17].
- Girona [23] connects to Barcelona, Huesca [20].
- Huesca [20] connects to Girona, Zaragoza [17], Pamplona [19].
- Pamplona [19] connects to Huesca, Burgos [14], Zaragoza [17].
- Zaragoza [17] connects to Tarragona, Madrid [12], Pamplona, Huesca, Castellon? Actually Zaragoza connects to [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]. So it connects to Tarragona, Madrid, Pamplona, Huesca, and Teruel.
- Madrid [12] connects to Zaragoza, Salamanca, Toledo, Burgos.
- Burgos [14] connects to Madrid, Vigo, Pamplona.
- Valencia [16] connects to Teruel, Murcia, Castellon.
- Castellon [18] connects to Teruel, Valencia, Tarragona.
- Murcia [15] connects to Cordoba, Valencia.

So we can send from Barcelona to Tarragona (1 turn?), from Tarragona to Castellon or Zaragoza. From Girona to Huesca. From Huesca to Zaragoza or Pamplona. From Pamplona to Burgos or Zaragoza. From Zaragoza to Madrid. From Madrid to Burgos? Actually Madrid to Burgos is connected? Road network: Madrid [12] connects to [7], [8], [14], [17]. So yes, Madrid to Burgos. So we can send from Madrid to Burgos to reinforce it.

So we can reinforce the weak border villages by sending from interior villages through intermediate villages. But each send takes time. We need to plan a sequence.

For this turn, we can send troops from interior villages to the nearest border village that is safe, or directly to a border village if the road is clear. For example, from Pamplona to Burgos is directly connected (1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns). So we can send from Pamplona to Burgos to reinforce it. Pamplona has 2 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight available. We could send some to Burgos.

Similarly, from Huesca to Zaragoza is connected. Huesca has 0 spearman, 3 archer, 3 knight. We could send to Zaragoza.

From Tarragona to Castellon or Zaragoza. Tarragona has 0 spearman, 3 archer, 6 knight.

From Barcelona to Tarragona.

We also need to consider that we want to attack. We might want to send troops from interior to border villages to build up attack forces. For example, we could send knights from Barcelona and Tarragona to Madrid, and then from Madrid attack Toledo. But that takes multiple turns.

Given the time, we need to act quickly. We have 11 villages, need 7 more. We can capture Teruel (1) and Cordoba (1) this turn or next. That would get us to 13. Then we need 5 more. We could also try to capture Vigo or Toledo or Salamanca.

Let's compute what we can do this turn.

First, the marching army to Teruel: we can't change it. It will arrive and likely win. We should plan to send reinforcements to Teruel after it's captured? But we can send troops to Teruel now; they would arrive same time. If we send from Valencia to Teruel, they would fight the garrison. If our Zaragoza army wins first, the village becomes ours, and then Valencia troops would just join. But we don't know the order. To be safe, we could send from Valencia to Teruel with a small force that can handle the garrison if the Zaragoza army fails? But we don't want friendly fire. Perhaps we should not send additional attackers to Teruel this turn. Instead, we should send reinforcements to Zaragoza and Valencia to defend against possible enemy counterattacks from Teruel. If we capture Teruel, the enemy might attack back to reclaim it. So we should reinforce Zaragoza and Valencia.

Also, we can send troops to attack Cordoba from Murcia. Murcia has 3 archer, 1 knight. That should be enough to take Cordoba (defense 8). Let's verify: Murcia available: 0 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. Attack: 3*2 + 4 = 10. Most numerous: archer (3). Enemy: 3 archers. Tie, no counter. Effective attack 10 vs defense 8. We win. We will take losses. How many losses? The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So we lose some troops proportional to the loser's effective force (8). Probably we lose a couple troops. After winning, we occupy Cordoba. The surviving troops become garrison. So we might have only a few troops left. We should send reinforcements from somewhere to Cordoba after it's captured? But we can send to Cordoba now from another village to follow up. For example, from Valencia to Cordoba? Valencia to Cordoba: road? Valencia [16] connects to [15] Murcia and [13] Teruel and [18] Castellon. Cordoba [11] connects to [8], [9], [15]. So from Valencia to Cordoba, you go through Murcia. So if we send from Valencia to Cordoba, they would have to go through Murcia. But Murcia is our village, so they would stop at Murcia? Actually, "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there." Since Murcia is ours, they would pass through and continue to Cordoba? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So if the path goes through your own villages, you don't stop; you continue. So from Valencia to Cordoba, the path is Valencia -> Murcia -> Cordoba. Murcia is ours, so they would go through and stop at Cordoba (enemy). So we can send from Valencia directly to Cordoba. The travel time: from Valencia to Murcia is 1 turn? Actually, the report says from Valencia to Teruel is 1 turn. To Murcia: probably 1 turn as well. Then Murcia to Cordoba: 1 turn. So total 2 turns? But the report doesn't give march times for Valencia to Cordoba. We can estimate: from Valencia to nearest border village is Teruel (1 turn). To Cordoba, it's further. We need to check the road network: Valencia [16] to Murcia [15] is direct. Murcia to Cordoba [11] is direct. So distance: likely 2 slow turns? Not sure. We can order it, and the game will tell us the travel time? But in the interface, we would see the march time. Since we don't have it, we might not want to send from far away.

Instead, we can send from Murcia to attack Cordoba, and then from Valencia to Murcia to reinforce Murcia after it sends troops? But if we send from Murcia all troops, Murcia will be empty. Then we should reinforce Murcia from Valencia. Valencia to Murcia is 1 turn. So we can send from Valencia to Murcia to arrive same turn as Murcia sends troops? The orders are simultaneous: we order Murcia to send troops to Cordoba, and Valencia to send troops to Murcia. The troops from Valencia will march to Murcia and arrive in 1 turn. Meanwhile, Murcia troops march to Cordoba and arrive in 1 turn. So Murcia will be left with fewer troops, but then reinforced. That's fine.

So we can do: Murcia sends all available (3 archer, 1 knight) to Cordoba. Valencia sends some troops to Murcia to reinforce it. Valencia has 2 spearman, 7 archer, 1 knight available. We can send, say, 2 archer, 1 knight to Murcia? Or whatever. We need to keep some in Valencia for defense. Valencia borders Teruel. If we send too many, Valencia might be weak. But we can also send from Castellon or Zaragoza to Valencia.

Let's think about the overall troop distribution.

We need to decide builds for each village. We should build troops that we can use. Since we need archers for Salamanca/Vigo and knights for Toledo/Cordoba, we should build accordingly.

Let's list each village's resource and what we might build:

- Barcelona: wood 40, iron 30. Can build 1 knight (30/30) or 2 spearmen (30/0) or 1 archer (20/10) + maybe something. Since Barcelona is capital and safe, we might build knights to send to front. But knights take time to march. We could build 1 knight this turn. Or build 2 spearmen to replace losses? We have many spearman losses? Last turn we lost 2 troops in Murcia and 1 in Burgos. We might want to rebuild. But we have plenty of spearman already. Let's build 1 knight in Barcelona to have more knights for Toledo attack. But we need to send it somewhere. We can send it to Tarragona, then to Zaragoza, etc. But it takes time.

- Tarragona: wood 30, iron 30. Can build 1 knight (30/30) or 2 spearmen (30/0) or 1 archer (20/10). We might build 1 knight to send to Madrid for Toledo.

- Girona: wood 35, iron 130. Can build 1 archer + 1 spearman (35/10) or 1 knight (30/30) + 5 wood left. Since it has lots of iron, we can build knights over time. But wood is limited. We could build 1 knight this turn (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 5 wood, 100 iron. Next turn, wood 30, iron 20, can build another knight? Actually next turn it will have 30 wood, 20 iron, not enough for knight (needs 30 wood, 30 iron). So it can build 1 knight every other turn if it saves iron. Or we can build archers: 1 archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron, so we can build 1 archer and 1 spearman (35 wood, 10 iron) this turn. That uses all wood. Then next turn, wood 30, iron 20, can build 1 archer (20/10) leaving 10 wood, 10 iron. So we can build archers regularly. Since we need archers for Salamanca, maybe build archers here.

- Castellon: wood 40, iron 60. Can build 2 archers (40/20) or 1 knight (30/30) + 10 wood left. It's a border village. We might want to build archers to attack Teruel or defend. But we already have archers there. We could build 2 archers to send to Valencia or keep.

- Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 50. Can build 1 knight (30/30) or 2 spearmen (30/0) or 1 archer (20/10). It's a border. We might build 1 knight to replace the one sent? Or build spearmen.

- Huesca: wood 60, iron 50. Can build 3 archers (60/30) or 4 spearmen (60/0) or 1 knight + 1 archer (50/40) etc. It's interior, safe. We can build lots of archers to send to borders.

- Valencia: wood 30, iron 30. Can build 1 knight (30/30) or 2 spearmen (30/0) or 1 archer (20/10). Border.

- Madrid: wood 40, iron 60. Can build 2 archers (40/20) or 1 knight (30/30). Border. We might build 2 archers to reinforce or attack.

- Murcia: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.

- Pamplona: wood 60, iron 50. Similar to Huesca. Can build 3 archers or 4 spearmen or 1 knight + 1 archer.

- Burgos: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.

So we have several villages that can produce archers: Girona, Huesca, Pamplona, Madrid, Castellon, etc. We should focus on building archers to attack Salamanca and Vigo, and knights for Toledo and Cordoba.

But we also need to consider that we need to hold 18 villages. We can capture Teruel and Cordoba this turn. Then we have 13. Next turn, we can capture another. We might be able to capture Vigo from Burgos if we reinforce Burgos. Or capture Toledo from Madrid if we build knights.

Let's plan for this turn's movements and builds.

First, we must send the marching army from Zaragoza to Teruel. That's already ordered, we don't need to re-issue. But in our orders, we need to specify movements for this turn. The marching army is already on the march; we don't include it in movements because it's already moving. The report says "already marching out (NOT available): 2 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight" from Zaragoza. So we don't need to order them again.

Now, we need to decide new movements.

Let's consider attacking Cordoba. We can send from Murcia to Cordoba: all available (3 archer, 1 knight). That will likely win. We should also send reinforcements to Murcia from Valencia to replace the troops. Valencia can send, say, 2 archer, 1 knight to Murcia? Or 1 spearman, 2 archer? We need to keep Valencia defended. Valencia currently has 10 troops (2 spearman, 7 archer, 1 knight). If we send 2 archer, 1 knight, it leaves 2 spearman, 5 archer, 0 knight. That might be okay. But we can also send from Castellon to Valencia? Castellon to Valencia is connected? Castellon [18] connects to [16] Valencia and [13] Teruel and [21] Tarragona. So yes. We could send from Castellon to Valencia. But Castellon is also a border with Teruel. We need to keep Castellon strong.

Maybe we should send from Tarragona or Barcelona to reinforce the southern front.

Let's think about the enemy's possible moves. The enemy has Teruel, Salamanca, Toledo, Cordoba, Vigo. They might attack our border villages. Which ones? They might try to retake Teruel? But we are attacking it. They might attack Castellon or Zaragoza or Valencia from Teruel. They might attack Madrid from Salamanca or Toledo. They might attack Murcia from Cordoba. They might attack Burgos from Vigo.

We need to defend. We can send reinforcements to our border villages to increase their defense. Let's list our border villages and their current defense and troops:

- Castellon: defense 28, 11 troops (3s, 6a, 2k). Border: Teruel.
- Zaragoza: defense 25, 10 troops (4s, 5a, 1k). Border: Teruel.
- Valencia: defense 25, 10 troops (2s, 7a, 1k). Border: Teruel.
- Madrid: defense 25, 10 troops (6s, 4a, 0k). Borders: Salamanca, Toledo.
- Murcia: defense 10, 4 troops (0s, 3a, 1k). Border: Cordoba.
- Burgos: defense 10, 4 troops (0s, 3a, 1k). Border: Vigo.

The weak ones are Murcia and Burgos. We should reinforce them. We can send from Pamplona to Burgos (direct road). Pamplona has 2s, 3a, 2k. We can send, say, 1s, 2a, 1k to Burgos? That would increase Burgos's troops. But Burgos has 0 wood, 0 iron, so it can't build, but it can receive reinforcements.

We can send from Valencia to Murcia? Valencia to Murcia is direct. Valencia has 2s, 7a, 1k. We can send some to Murcia. But if we send from Valencia to Murcia, Valencia weakens. We could send from Castellon to Valencia? Castellon to Valencia is direct. Castellon has 3s, 6a, 2k. We can send some to Valencia. Then Valencia can send to Murcia. But that's multiple steps.

Alternatively, we can send from Madrid to Burgos? Madrid to Burgos is direct? Road: Madrid [12] connects to [14] Burgos. So yes. Madrid has 6s, 4a. We can send some spearmen and archers to Burgos. That would reinforce Burgos. But Madrid also needs to defend against Salamanca/Toledo. If we send from Madrid, its defense drops. We might need to reinforce Madrid from Zaragoza or Pamplona.

Let's consider sending from Pamplona to Burgos. Pamplona to Burgos: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns. So it takes 1 turn for fast troops. We can send a mix. Pamplona available: 2s, 3a, 2k. We could send 1s, 2a, 1k to Burgos. That would give Burgos +1s, +2a, +1k. Burgos currently 0s, 3a, 1k. After reinforcement, Burgos would have 1s, 5a, 2k. Defense would increase from 10 to maybe 15? That's better.

We also need to send from somewhere to Murcia. Valencia to Murcia: 1 turn. Valencia available: 2s, 7a, 1k. We could send 1s, 3a to Murcia? Then Murcia would have 1s, 6a, 1k. But then Valencia would have 1s, 4a, 1k left. That might be okay. But we also want to attack Cordoba from Murcia. If we send troops to Murcia, they arrive same turn as Murcia sends troops to Cordoba? Actually, if we order Murcia to send troops to Cordoba, and Valencia to send troops to Murcia, the troops from Valencia will march to Murcia and arrive in 1 turn. The troops from Murcia march to Cordoba and arrive in 1 turn. So on the same turn, Murcia sends away troops, and receives reinforcements. The net effect: Murcia's garrison changes. But the orders are simultaneous: we order Murcia to send certain troops to Cordoba. Those troops leave Murcia immediately? The movement takes 1 turn, so they are on the road. The reinforcements from Valencia arrive at Murcia at the end of the turn? The timing: typically, all movements happen, then arrivals. So Murcia's garrison at the start of the turn is used to send troops. Then later, reinforcements arrive. So Murcia might be left with fewer troops during the turn, but that's fine because the enemy might attack? If the enemy attacks Murcia this turn, they would fight the garrison at the start of the turn? Or at the time of arrival? The rules: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there." If an enemy army marches to Murcia, they would fight the garrison at the time of arrival. If our reinforcements arrive before the enemy, they would add to the garrison. But since all orders are simultaneous, we don't know the enemy's moves. It's risky to leave Murcia weak. We could instead not send all troops from Murcia; keep some to defend. But we need to attack Cordoba. We could send only part of Murcia's troops to Cordoba, leaving some for defense. For example, send 2 archer, 1 knight to Cordoba, keep 1 archer in Murcia. Then Murcia still has 1 archer for defense. And we can send reinforcements from Valencia to Murcia to bolster it.

Let's compute the attack on Cordoba with 2 archer, 1 knight: attack = 2*2 + 4 = 8. Enemy defense 8. Effective attack 8 vs defense 8. Tie favors defender! So we would lose. We need strictly greater attack. With 3 archer, 1 knight: attack 10 > 8, win. So we need to send at least 3 archers and 1 knight, or 2 archers and 2 knights? But we only have 1 knight. So we must send all 3 archers and 1 knight to win. If we keep 1 archer, we have 2 archer, 1 knight = attack 8, tie, lose. So we must send all from Murcia to win. That means Murcia will be empty after sending. So we must reinforce Murcia from elsewhere to prevent it from being defenseless. We can send from Valencia to Murcia. Valencia can send, say, 2 archers, 1 knight? That would give Murcia 2 archers, 1 knight. But then Valencia would have 2s, 5a, 0k? Actually Valencia has 2s, 7a, 1k. If we send 0s, 2a, 1k to Murcia, Valencia left with 2s, 5a, 0k. That's still a decent garrison. But Valencia borders Teruel, which might be attacked. If we capture Teruel, the enemy might attack from Teruel? Actually, if we capture Teruel, it becomes ours, so the border shifts. The enemy might attack from somewhere else. But initially, Teruel is enemy. If we attack it, the enemy might also send reinforcements to Teruel. So Valencia could be attacked by enemy reinforcements from Teruel? Or from somewhere else.

We need to consider that the enemy might send troops to Teruel to defend it. If they send troops to Teruel, they would fight our marching army. If our marching army wins, Teruel is ours. If they send a large force, they might defeat our army and keep Teruel. We don't know.

Given the uncertainty, we should try to ensure our border villages have enough troops to withstand an attack. We can calculate the minimum defense needed. We don't know enemy attack power, but we can assume they will send what they have.

Let's look at the enemy's available troops. We can see their garrisons. They might also have troops in their other villages (unexplored). But we can only see the garrisons of the villages we can see. The enemy might have troops marching. We saw no enemy armies on the march. So currently, the enemy has troops in Salamanca (8s,5a,1k), Toledo (6a), Cordoba (3a), Vigo (10s), Teruel (2k). They might also have troops in unexplored villages. We don't know.

We need to be prepared for a counterattack. Our defense values should be high enough to repel attacks. The effective defense numbers given are with current troops. If we send troops away, defense drops. We should keep defense at least, say, 20+ for major borders, and 10+ for minor.

Let's decide on a plan for this turn.

Plan:
- Capture Cordoba: send all troops from Murcia (3a,1k) to Cordoba.
- Reinforce Murcia: send from Valencia to Murcia: 2 archers, 1 knight? Or maybe 3 archers? Valencia has 7 archers. We can send 3 archers, 0 knights to Murcia, leaving Valencia with 2s,4a,1k. Then Murcia gets 3 archers. But then Murcia would have 3 archers (after its original left). That's okay.
- Reinforce Burgos: send from Pamplona to Burgos: maybe 1s, 2a, 1k? Or whatever.
- Build troops: we should build archers in Huesca, Girona, Pamplona, etc., to prepare for future attacks on Salamanca and Vigo.
- Build knights in Barcelona, Tarragona, etc., for Toledo.
- Send reinforcements to Zaragoza and Castellon from Tarragona, Barcelona, etc.

But we also need to consider that we have limited orders. We can order builds and movements for each village. We should try to do as much as possible.

Let's list specific orders.

First, movements:

1. Murcia [15] -> Cordoba [11]: send all available: 0s, 3a, 1k. (Attack power 10 vs defense 8, win). This will capture Cordoba.

2. Valencia [16] -> Murcia [15]: send reinforcements. How many? Valencia has 2s, 7a, 1k. We want to keep Valencia with enough defense. Valencia defense is 25 with 10 troops. If we send, say, 2a, 1k, then Valencia left with 2s, 5a, 0k = 7 troops. Defense might drop to maybe 18? We need to estimate. But we also can send from Castellon to Valencia. Let's see if we can send from Castellon to Valencia. Castellon has 3s, 6a, 2k. We could send 1s, 2a to Valencia. Then Valencia gets those. But that's another order.

Maybe we can send from Tarragona to Castellon, and Castellon to Valencia? Too many steps.

We should prioritize. Since we are capturing Cordoba, we will need to hold it. Cordoba will have whatever troops survive the attack. We might want to send a second wave to Cordoba to reinforce after capture. But we can send from Valencia directly to Cordoba? Valencia to Cordoba: path through Murcia. If we send from Valencia to Cordoba, they would go through Murcia. But Murcia is ours, so they pass through. However, they would arrive at Cordoba on the same turn? Travel time: Valencia to Murcia is 1 turn, Murcia to Cordoba is 1 turn, so total 2 turns? Or is it 1 turn for fast troops? The report says from Valencia to Teruel is 1 turn. To Murcia is probably 1 turn as well. To Cordoba, it might be 2 turns. So if we send from Valencia to Cordoba now, they would arrive in 2 turns. Meanwhile, our Murcia troops arrive in 1 turn. So the second wave would arrive later, which is good: they would reinforce the newly captured Cordoba. So we can send from Valencia to Cordoba directly. That way, we don't empty Murcia? But we still need to send from Murcia to Cordoba to capture it. So Murcia sends its troops, and Valencia sends a separate army to Cordoba that will arrive later and join the garrison. That's a good idea. Then Murcia can be reinforced by someone else, or we can leave it empty? But if Murcia is empty, it might be attacked. However, if we capture Cordoba, the border shifts: Cordoba becomes ours, so Murcia is no longer a border village? Actually, Murcia borders Cordoba. If we capture Cordoba, then Murcia borders our own village, so it's interior. So it's safe from enemy attack from that side. But Murcia still borders? It only bordered Cordoba. So if we take Cordoba, Murcia becomes interior (no enemy border). So we don't need to worry about Murcia being attacked from the south. However, the enemy could attack from elsewhere? No other borders. So Murcia becomes safe. So we can leave it with few troops or even empty. But we might want to keep some troops there to send elsewhere later.

So we can do: Murcia sends all to Cordoba. Valencia sends some troops to Cordoba as a second wave (arriving in 2 turns). That way, Cordoba gets reinforced. And Murcia is left empty but safe because it's interior after Cordoba is captured? Wait, if we capture Cordoba, Murcia is no longer bordering enemy. But what about the enemy from the other side? Cordoba connects to Sevilha [9] and Badajoz [4] and Toledo [8]? Actually, Cordoba [11] connects to [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia. So if we capture Cordoba, we will border Toledo and Sevilha (unexplored). So Murcia would then border Cordoba (ours) and no enemy. So Murcia is interior. So it's safe. So we can leave Murcia empty for now. We can later send troops there from elsewhere.

So we don't need to reinforce Murcia immediately. We can just send from Murcia to Cordoba, and from Valencia to Cordoba (second wave). But we need to check if Valencia to Cordoba takes 2 turns. If so, the troops from Valencia will arrive after the battle. That's fine.

What about Valencia? Valencia borders Teruel. If we capture Teruel, Valencia becomes interior? Valencia borders Teruel and Castellon and Murcia. If we take Teruel, Valencia borders our Teruel and our Castellon? Actually, Castellon is ours. So Valencia would border our Teruel and our Murcia? Not yet, Murcia is ours but we are capturing Cordoba. So after capturing Teruel and Cordoba, Valencia borders our Teruel, our Castellon, our Murcia, and our Cordoba? Actually, Valencia connects to Teruel, Murcia, Castellon. So if all those are ours, Valencia is interior. So Valencia becomes safe as well. So we might not need to keep many troops in Valencia. We can send them to attack elsewhere.

So the plan: capture Teruel and Cordoba this turn (Teruel already in progress). Then we have 13 villages. Then we can focus on the next targets: Vigo, Toledo, Salamanca.

To capture Vigo, we need to attack from Burgos. Burgos is weak. We should reinforce Burgos and build troops there? But Burgos has 0 wood, 0 iron, so it can't build. We need to send troops to Burgos to attack Vigo. Vigo has 10 spearmen, defense 25. We need to send an army with archers to counter spearmen. We need raw attack >25 with counter? Actually, if we attack with archers (counter vs spearmen), effective attack = raw * 1.5. To beat defense 25, we need raw > 25/1.5 = 16.67, so raw 17 gives 25.5, which is >25? 25.5 > 25, so win. So we need raw attack of at least 17. That means we need, say, 8 archers (16) + 1 knight (4) = 20, but most numerous must be archers. So we need more archers than any other type. So we could have 9 archers (18) and 0 others, raw 18, effective 27. Or 8 archers (16) and 1 knight (4) = 20 raw, effective 30. So we need to assemble an army of about 8-9 archers in Burgos. Burgos currently has 3 archers, 1 knight. We can send more archers from Pamplona, Huesca, etc.

To capture Toledo: defense 15, 6 archers. We need knights to counter archers. Effective attack = raw * 1.5 if knights most numerous. Need raw > 15/1.5 = 10. So raw 11 gives 16.5 >15. So we need, say, 3 knights (12) raw, effective 18. Or 2 knights (8) + 1 archer (2) = 10 raw? But most numerous must be knights. So we need at least 3 knights if they are the only type, or 2 knights and something else but knights must be most numerous. So we need 3 knights with no more than 2 of any other type. So we need to assemble knights in Madrid.

To capture Salamanca: defense 35, 8s,5a,1k. We need archers to counter spearmen. Need raw > 35/1.5 = 23.33, so raw 24 gives 36. So we need, say, 12 archers (24) or 10 archers (20) + 1 knight (4) = 24, but archers must be most numerous. So we need a lot of archers. We can build them over time.

So our strategy should be to build up archers and knights gradually.

For this turn, we should focus on building troops and sending them to the right places.

Let's decide on builds:

We need archers for the Vigo and Salamanca attacks. We should build archers in villages with high wood and iron: Huesca (60 wood, 50 iron), Pamplona (60,50), Girona (35,130), Madrid (40,60), Castellon (40,60), etc.

We need knights for Toledo: build in Barcelona (40,30), Tarragona (30,30), Girona (35,130), etc.

We also need spearmen to replace losses and for defense. Spearmen are cheap (15 wood). We can build them in many villages.

Let's assign builds for each village:

- Barcelona [22]: wood 40, iron 30. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining 10 wood. Could also build 1 spearman? 10 wood not enough for spearman (15). So just 1 knight. The knight can be sent to Tarragona or somewhere.

- Tarragona [21]: wood 30, iron 30. Build 1 knight (30,30). Or 2 spearmen? Since we need knights, build 1 knight.

- Girona [23]: wood 35, iron 130. Build 1 archer (20,10) and 1 spearman (15,0) = 35 wood, 10 iron. That uses all wood. Or build 1 knight (30,30) leaving 5 wood, 100 iron. Since we need both, but wood is limited, maybe build 1 knight this turn and next turn build archers? Actually, we can build 1 knight now, and next turn we will have 30 wood, 20 iron, can build 1 archer (20,10). So build 1 knight now.

- Castellon [18]: wood 40, iron 60. Build 2 archers (40,20). That uses all wood. Or build 1 knight (30,30) + 10 wood left. Since Castellon is border, we might want archers for defense/offense. Let's build 2 archers.

- Zaragoza [17]: wood 30, iron 50. Build 1 knight (30,30) or 2 spearmen (30,0). Since we need knights for Toledo, build 1 knight. But Zaragoza is sending troops to Teruel already. We might want to rebuild. Build 1 knight.

- Huesca [20]: wood 60, iron 50. Build 3 archers (60,30) or 4 spearmen (60,0) or 1 knight + 1 archer (50,40). Since we need archers, build 3 archers. That uses all wood, 30 iron, leaving 20 iron.

- Valencia [16]: wood 30, iron 30. Build 1 knight (30,30) or 2 spearmen (30,0). Since we might want to send knights to Toledo, build 1 knight? But Valencia is far from Madrid. We could build 1 knight and send it to Madrid later. Or build 2 spearmen for defense. Let's build 1 knight.

- Madrid [12]: wood 40, iron 60. Build 2 archers (40,20) or 1 knight (30,30). Since we need knights for Toledo, but Madrid has 0 knights currently. Building 1 knight gives us a knight to start. But we also need archers for Salamanca. We could build 2 archers to have more archers. But we need to decide which attack to prepare first. Toledo is weaker (defense 15) and closer. Salamanca is stronger. We might go for Toledo first. So build 1 knight in Madrid? But Madrid only has 40 wood; building 1 knight uses 30 wood, leaves 10 wood. We can't build a second knight. We could build 1 knight and 1 spearman? 30+15=45 >40. So just 1 knight. Or we could build 2 archers. Let's think: to attack Toledo, we need knights. We can send knights from other villages to Madrid, and then from Madrid attack Toledo. So Madrid should have knights to lead. But we can also send knights directly from Madrid to Toledo? Madrid to Toledo is direct? Road: Madrid [12] connects to [8] Toledo. So we can attack Toledo from Madrid. So we need knights in Madrid. So build 1 knight in Madrid. Then we can send it with other knights from elsewhere.

- Murcia [15]: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.

- Pamplona [19]: wood 60, iron 50. Build 3 archers (60,30) or 4 spearmen. We need archers for Vigo. Build 3 archers.

- Burgos [14]: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.

So total builds: 
Barcelona: 1 knight
Tarragona: 1 knight
Girona: 1 knight
Castellon: 2 archers
Zaragoza: 1 knight
Huesca: 3 archers
Valencia: 1 knight
Madrid: 1 knight? or 2 archers? Let's decide: we need knights for Toledo. We are building knights in many places. But we also need archers for Vigo/Salamanca. We have many archer builds already (Castellon 2, Huesca 3, Pamplona 3). That's 8 archers built this turn. We can also build archers in Madrid if we want. But Madrid building 2 archers uses 40 wood, 20 iron. That would give Madrid 4+2=6 archers, and 6 spearmen. That's a good force for attacking Salamanca later. But we need knights for Toledo. We can get knights from other villages. Let's see: we have knights in Barcelona (6 available +1 built), Tarragona (6+1), Girona (2+1), Castellon (2), Zaragoza (1+1), Huesca (3), Valencia (1+1), Pamplona (2). So we have many knights already. We can send some of those to Madrid to attack Toledo. So Madrid doesn't need to build knights; it can build archers to prepare for Salamanca. So let's build 2 archers in Madrid.

So Madrid: build 2 archers.

Now, movements:

We need to send troops to attack Cordoba (Murcia), and to reinforce/attack other places.

Let's list all available troops we can send from each village (after builds? Wait, builds are built this turn and are available to send? The rules: "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." And builds are ready in 1 turn. So if we order a build, the troops are built at the end of the turn? Or at the beginning? Typically, in such games, you order builds and they are available next turn. But the report says "ready in 1 turn." So if we order a build now, they will be available to send next turn? Or can we send them this turn? The rules: "Each troop type has its own ATTACK and DEFENSE values... costs... ready in 1 turn." And "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." It doesn't specify if they can be sent the same turn. Usually, in simultaneous turn games, builds ordered this turn are completed at the end of the turn, so they can be sent next turn. But the report says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: ..." which lists troops already built. So the builds we order now will likely be available next turn. So we should not count them for this turn's movements. We can only send troops that are currently available (listed in "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW").

So for movements this turn, we can only send from the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" pools.

Let's list available to send now (from the report):

- Barcelona: 6s, 4a, 6k
- Tarragona: 0s, 3a, 6k
- Girona: 9s, 5a, 2k
- Castellon: 3s, 6a, 2k
- Zaragoza: 4s, 5a, 1k (plus 4 marching out)
- Huesca: 0s, 3a, 3k
- Valencia: 2s, 7a, 1k
- Madrid: 6s, 4a, 0k
- Murcia: 0s, 3a, 1k
- Pamplona: 2s, 3a, 2k
- Burgos: 0s, 3a, 1k

We need to decide where to send these.

We already have Zaragoza marching to Teruel (2s,1a,1k). That's fine.

We want to attack Cordoba from Murcia. So send from Murcia: 3a,1k to Cordoba.

We want to send a second wave to Cordoba from somewhere. Valencia can send to Cordoba directly. How many? We can send, say, 2a,1k from Valencia to Cordoba. That would arrive in 2 turns? Let's check march time: Valencia to Cordoba via Murcia. The report gives march times from Valencia to Teruel: 1 turn. To Murcia: likely 1 turn. To Cordoba: likely 2 turns? Not sure. We can just order it and see the travel time in the response? But we don't get feedback. We have to assume. Since the road network shows Valencia - Murcia - Cordoba, it's two segments. So travel time is at least 2 turns for slow troops. So if we send now, they arrive in 2 turns. That's okay; they'll reinforce after capture.

We also want to reinforce Burgos to attack Vigo. Send from Pamplona to Burgos. Pamplona available: 2s,3a,2k. We can send, say, 1s,2a,1k to Burgos. That gives Burgos a good boost.

We want to reinforce Madrid for future attacks. Send from Zaragoza to Madrid? Zaragoza has 4s,5a,1k available. We can send some to Madrid. But Zaragoza is also a border; we might want to keep some. We can send, say, 2s,2a to Madrid.

We want to send knights to Madrid for Toledo. We can send from Tarragona or Barcelona to Madrid? But they are far. Tarragona to Madrid: Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> Madrid. That's two steps. We can send from Tarragona to Zaragoza, and then from Zaragoza to Madrid next turn. Or we can send from Barcelona to Tarragona, etc. It takes time.

We also need to defend our villages. We should send troops to Castellon and Zaragoza and Valencia to replace those we send away? But we are sending from some, so we need to reinforce them.

Let's think about the enemy's likely moves. The enemy might attack our border villages. Which ones are most likely? Castellon, Zaragoza, Valencia border Teruel. If the enemy sends reinforcements to Teruel, they might attack these. Madrid borders Salamanca and Toledo; enemy might attack from there. Murcia will be empty after sending to Cordoba, but it becomes interior after Cordoba is captured, so it might be safe. However, if the enemy attacks Murcia from Cordoba before we capture it? But we are attacking Cordoba, so the enemy might not attack Murcia. Burgos is weak; enemy might attack from Vigo.

We should try to ensure that our border villages have at least some troops to defend. Let's check the minimum defense needed. We don't know enemy attack power, but we can assume they will send what they have. For example, from Teruel, the enemy has 2 knights. They might send them to attack Castellon or Zaragoza. Our Castellon defense 28 with 11 troops. If enemy sends 2 knights, attack power: 2 knights attack 8. Defense 28, we easily win. So Castellon is safe. Zaragoza defense 25, similar. Valencia defense 25. Madrid defense 25. So our main borders are fairly safe against small attacks. The weak ones are Murcia and Burgos. Murcia we are emptying, but it will be interior. Burgos we are reinforcing.

So maybe we don't need to send many reinforcements to the main borders; they can defend themselves. We can focus on sending troops to build up attack forces.

Let's plan movements to build up armies for attack.

Goal: Attack Vigo from Burgos. Need to gather archers in Burgos. Burgos currently has 3a,1k. We send from Pamplona: 1s,2a,1k to Burgos. Then Burgos has 1s,5a,2k. That's a decent force. But to beat Vigo (defense 25, 10 spearmen), we need more. We can send more from Pamplona or Huesca. Huesca to Pamplona to Burgos? Huesca connects to Pamplona? Road: Huesca [20] connects to [17] Zaragoza, [19] Pamplona, [23] Girona. So yes, Huesca to Pamplona is direct. Then Pamplona to Burgos. So we can send from Huesca to Pamplona, and then from Pamplona to Burgos next turn. This turn, we can send from Huesca to Pamplona to reinforce Pamplona, and from Pamplona to Burgos.

Similarly, for Toledo: we need knights in Madrid. Madrid has 0 knights. We can send knights from Tarragona or Barcelona to Madrid via Zaragoza. This turn, we can send from Tarragona to Zaragoza (knights), and from Zaragoza to Madrid? But Zaragoza already has troops marching out. We can send from Tarragona to Zaragoza, and then next turn from Zaragoza to Madrid.

For Salamanca: we need archers in Madrid. Madrid already has 4 archers, 6 spearmen. We can build more archers in Madrid (we ordered 2, but they won't be available until next turn). We can also send archers from other villages to Madrid.

Let's design a sequence.

This turn (turn 14), we can do the following movements:

1. Murcia -> Cordoba: send 3a,1k (attack and capture).
2. Valencia -> Cordoba: send 2a,1k (second wave, arrives later).
3. Pamplona -> Burgos: send 1s,2a,1k (reinforce Burgos for Vigo attack).
4. Huesca -> Pamplona: send some troops to Pamplona to replace those sent to Burgos. Huesca has 0s,3a,3k. We can send, say, 1a,1k to Pamplona? Or 2a? Let's send 2a,1k from Huesca to Pamplona. Then Pamplona gets those, and then sends to Burgos. But Pamplona already sent to Burgos; we need to ensure Pamplona has enough left. Pamplona originally 2s,3a,2k. If we send 1s,2a,1k to Burgos, it left with 1s,1a,1k. Then Huesca sends 2a,1k to Pamplona, so Pamplona ends with 1s,3a,2k. That's good.
5. Tarragona -> Zaragoza: send some knights to Zaragoza to eventually go to Madrid. Tarragona has 0s,3a,6k. We can send, say, 3k to Zaragoza? Or 2k,1a? Let's send 3k to Zaragoza. That gives Zaragoza more knights. Zaragoza already has 4s,5a,1k available, plus 4 marching. If we send 3k to Zaragoza, Zaragoza's garrison increases. But we need to order from Zaragoza to Madrid as well? We can send from Zaragoza to Madrid this turn. Zaragoza available: 4s,5a,1k. We can send some to Madrid. Let's send from Zaragoza to Madrid: 2s,2a,1k? Or just 1k? We want to send knights to Madrid. So we can send 1k from Zaragoza to Madrid. But we also want to reinforce Zaragoza. So we can send from Tarragona to Zaragoza (3k), and from Zaragoza to Madrid (1k). That way, knights flow through.
6. Barcelona -> Tarragona: send some troops to Tarragona to replace those sent. Barcelona has 6s,4a,6k. We can send, say, 2k,1a to Tarragona? Or 3k? Let's send 2k,1a to Tarragona. Then Tarragona gets those, and then sends 3k to Zaragoza. So Tarragona originally 0s,3a,6k; sends 3k, left with 0s,3a,3k; receives 2k,1a from Barcelona, ends with 0s,4a,5k. Good.
7. We also need to consider Castellon. Castellon borders Teruel. We might want to send troops from Castellon to Valencia or keep them. Castellon has 3s,6a,2k. We could send some to Valencia to support the second wave to Cordoba? But we already have Valencia sending to Cordoba. Valencia will be left with fewer troops after sending. Valencia originally 2s,7a,1k; we plan to send 2a,1k to Cordoba. That leaves 2s,5a,0k. That's still okay. But Valencia borders Teruel; we might want to reinforce it. We could send from Castellon to Valencia: say, 1s,2a,1k? That would strengthen Valencia. But Castellon also needs troops. Let's see: Castellon defense 28, it's safe. We can send some to Valencia. Let's send from Castellon to Valencia: 1s,2a,1k. Then Valencia gets those, so after sending 2a,1k to Cordoba, Valencia would have 2s,5a,0k + 1s,2a,1k = 3s,7a,1k. That's good.
8. We also need to think about Madrid. Madrid has 6s,4a,0k. We want to send knights there. We can send from Zaragoza to Madrid: say, 1k (as planned). Also, we can send from Madrid to attack Toledo? Not yet, we need more knights. We can send from Madrid to Salamanca? But Salamanca is strong. We might want to send from Madrid to reinforce somewhere? Madrid is a border; we might want to keep its troops. We can send some spearmen from Madrid to Burgos? Madrid to Burgos is direct. Burgos needs troops for Vigo. We could send from Madrid to Burgos: say, 2s,1a? That would help Burgos. But Madrid needs to defend itself. Let's see: Madrid defense 25 with 10 troops. If we send 2s,1a, it left with 4s,3a,0k = 7 troops, defense maybe 18? Still okay. And we can reinforce Madrid from Zaragoza. Zaragoza sends 1k to Madrid, so Madrid gets a knight. That's good.

Let's put together a coherent set of movements.

We need to ensure that each village sends only troops it has available.

List available again with our planned sends:

- Barcelona: send to Tarragona: 2k, 1a? Or 3k? Let's send 2k, 1a. (leaves 6s,3a,4k)
- Tarragona: send to Zaragoza: 3k. (leaves 0s,3a,3k) Then receives from Barcelona: 2k,1a -> net: 0s,4a,5k? But order of sends and receives: we can send from Tarragona its available troops, and also receive from Barcelona. The net effect on Tarragona's garrison for defense this turn? The troops we send from Tarragona leave immediately? They are on the road. The troops from Barcelona arrive at Tarragona at the end of the turn? So during the turn, Tarragona's garrison is reduced. If Tarragona is attacked, it would have fewer troops. But Tarragona is interior (no enemy border), so it's safe. So that's fine.
- Zaragoza: send to Madrid: 1k, and maybe 2s? Let's send 1k, 2s to Madrid. (Zaragoza available: 4s,5a,1k. Send 2s,1k, leaves 2s,5a,0k). Receives from Tarragona: 3k. So net: 2s,5a,3k? But the 3k arrive at end of turn. So Zaragoza's garrison during turn is 2s,5a,0k? Actually, the troops we send from Zaragoza leave, so its garrison drops. But Zaragoza is border with Teruel, so it might be attacked. We need to be careful. Zaragoza originally had 10 troops (4s,5a,1k) plus 4 marching out? Wait, the 4 marching out are already on the road, so they are not in Zaragoza. So Zaragoza's current garrison is the 10 available? Actually, the report says "troops at home: 10 / 300" and "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 4 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight". So the garrison is those 10. The marching troops are separate. So Zaragoza has 10 troops at home. If we send 2s,1k from Zaragoza, we leave 2s,5a,0k = 7 troops. That's still a decent defense. And we receive 3k from Tarragona at end of turn, so next turn it will have 2s,5a,3k = 10 troops. So it's okay.
- Madrid: send to Burgos? Let's decide. Madrid available: 6s,4a,0k. We want to send some to Burgos to help attack Vigo. Send from Madrid to Burgos: 2s,1a? Or 3s? Let's send 2s,1a to Burgos. (leaves 4s,3a,0k). Receives from Zaragoza: 2s,1k? Actually we said Zaragoza sends 1k,2s? Let's confirm: Zaragoza sends to Madrid: 1k, 2s? That would be 2s,1k. So Madrid receives 2s,1k. Net: originally 6s,4a; send 2s,1a; left 4s,3a; receive 2s,1k; end with 6s,3a,1k. Good.
- Burgos: send to Vigo? Not yet, we need to build up. We want to send from Burgos to Vigo to attack. But we need to have enough troops. Currently Burgos has 0s,3a,1k. We plan to receive from Pamplona: 1s,2a,1k. So Burgos will have 1s,5a,2k. That's 8 troops. Is that enough to attack Vigo? Vigo defense 25. Our attack: 1s (1), 5a (10), 2k (8) = 19 raw. Most numerous: archer (5) vs enemy spearman (10). Archer counters spearman, so 1.5x bonus. Effective attack = 19 * 1.5 = 28.5 > 25. So we would win! But we need to consider losses. We will take losses. But we can attack Vigo this turn? We can send from Burgos to Vigo. But we need to have the troops in Burgos at the time of sending. The troops from Pamplona will arrive at Burgos at the end of the turn? If we send from Burgos to Vigo now, we can only send the troops currently in Burgos (0s,3a,1k). That's not enough. If we wait for reinforcements, we should send from Burgos next turn. So this turn, we just reinforce Burgos. Next turn, we attack Vigo.
- Pamplona: send to Burgos: 1s,2a,1k. (leaves 1s,1a,1k). Receives from Huesca: say, 2a,1k. Net: 1s,3a,2k.
- Huesca: send to Pamplona: 2a,1k. (leaves 0s,1a,2k? Actually Huesca available: 0s,3a,3k. Send 2a,1k, leaves 0s,1a,2k).
- Valencia: send to Cordoba: 2a,1k. (leaves 2s,5a,0k). Also, we might receive from Castellon? Castellon sends to Valencia: 1s,2a,1k. So Valencia net: originally 2s,7a,1k; send 2a,1k -> 2s,5a,0k; receive 1s,2a,1k -> 3s,7a,1k. Good.
- Castellon: send to Valencia: 1s,2a,1k. (leaves 2s,4a,1k). Castellon originally 3s,6a,2k. So after send: 2s,4a,1k. That's 7 troops, defense maybe 20? Still okay.
- Murcia: send to Cordoba: 3a,1k. (leaves 0). Murcia is now empty, but after Cordoba is captured, it becomes interior, so safe.

We also have Girona. Girona available: 9s,5a,2k. We haven't planned any sends from Girona. Girona is interior, safe. We can keep its troops for future, or send some to reinforce Huesca or Barcelona? Huesca is connected to Girona. We could send from Girona to Huesca to bring more troops to the north. But Huesca already has troops. We might want to send from Girona to Barcelona or Tarragona to help the knight flow. But we already have Barcelona sending to Tarragona. We could send from Girona to Barcelona: say, 2s,1a? Or some knights? Girona has 2k. We could send 1k to Barcelona to help. But let's see if we need more knights. We are sending knights from Tarragona to Zaragoza to Madrid. We might need more knights for Madrid to attack Toledo. We can send from Girona to Barcelona to Tarragona to Zaragoza. But that's many steps. We can send directly from Girona to Huesca to Pamplona to Burgos? That's for archers. Actually, we need archers for Vigo and Salamanca. Girona has 5 archers. We could send them to Huesca or Pamplona to reinforce the archer army for Vigo. Let's consider: we are building archers in Huesca and Pamplona. We can send Girona's archers to Huesca, then Huesca to Pamplona, then Pamplona to Burgos. That takes time. But we can start the flow.

Let's send from Girona to Huesca: 3a,1k? Or all archers? Girona has 5a. We can send 3a,1k to Huesca. Huesca then can send to Pamplona next turn. So let's do that.

Also, we have Barcelona with many troops. We can send more to Tarragona. Let's send from Barcelona to Tarragona: 3k,2a? Or whatever.

We need to be careful not to overextend. We have limited troops. Let's tally our total troops: 103 at home + 4 marching = 107. After this turn's movements, we will have some losses from attacking Cordoba and maybe Teruel. We will gain villages.

Let's compute the battle outcomes to estimate losses.

1. Teruel: our marching army (2s,1a,1k) vs garrison (2k). Effective attack 12 vs defense 5. We win. Losses: we take attrition against loser's effective force (5). How many troops do we lose? The rule doesn't specify exact formula. It might be that we lose a number of troops equal to some fraction. In many such games, losses are proportional to the enemy's force. We can assume we lose maybe 1-2 troops. Let's say we lose 1 knight? Not sure. We'll see next turn.

2. Cordoba: our attack from Murcia (3a,1k) vs defense 8 (3 archers). Effective attack 10 vs 8. Win. Losses: against loser's effective force 8. We might lose 2-3 troops. So we might have only 1-2 troops left from that army. Then the second wave from Valencia (2a,1k) arrives later and reinforces.

So we will lose some troops. We need to rebuild.

Our builds this turn will add troops for next turn.

Now, let's write the orders in JSON.

We need to specify "build" and "movements".

Builds: we decided:
- Barcelona: 1 knight
- Tarragona: 1 knight
- Girona: 1 knight (or maybe 1 archer+1 spearman? Let's stick with 1 knight for now since we need knights. But Girona has lots of iron, we can build 1 knight. Actually, we also need archers. Let's build 1 knight in Girona to help Toledo. We can build archers elsewhere.)
- Castellon: 2 archers
- Zaragoza: 1 knight
- Huesca: 3 archers
- Valencia: 1 knight? Or 2 spearmen? Let's build 1 knight in Valencia to help Toledo? But Valencia is far from Madrid. It might be better to build archers in Valencia since we need archers for Salamanca/Vigo. But Valencia already has many archers (7). We can build 1 knight to send to Madrid via Murcia? That's a long route. Maybe build 2 spearmen for defense? Let's build 2 spearmen in Valencia (cost 30 wood, 0 iron) to reinforce its defense after sending troops away. Actually, we are sending 2a,1k from Valencia, so we lose a knight. Building 2 spearmen gives 2s, which are cheap and useful for defense. Let's do that.
- Madrid: 2 archers (we decided)
- Murcia: none
- Pamplona: 3 archers
- Burgos: none

Wait, we also need to consider that some villages have resource constraints. Let's verify each build is affordable:

- Barcelona: wood 40, iron 30. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Yes.
- Tarragona: wood 30, iron 30. Knight costs 30,30. Yes.
- Girona: wood 35, iron 130. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Leaves 5 wood, 100 iron. Yes.
- Castellon: wood 40, iron 60. 2 archers cost 40 wood, 20 iron. Yes.
- Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 50. Knight costs 30,30. Yes.
- Huesca: wood 60, iron 50. 3 archers cost 60 wood, 30 iron. Yes.
- Valencia: wood 30, iron 30. 2 spearmen cost 30 wood, 0 iron. Yes. (Or 1 knight? Let's do 2 spearmen.)
- Madrid: wood 40, iron 60. 2 archers cost 40 wood, 20 iron. Yes.
- Pamplona: wood 60, iron 50. 3 archers cost 60 wood, 30 iron. Yes.

Now movements. We need to list each move with fromId, toId, and troops.

Let's list all movements we decided:

1. Murcia [15] -> Cordoba [11]: {"spearman": 0, "archer": 3, "knight": 1}
2. Valencia [16] -> Cordoba [11]: {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 1} (second wave)
3. Pamplona [19] -> Burgos [14]: {"spearman": 1, "archer": 2, "knight": 1}
4. Huesca [20] -> Pamplona [19]: {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 1}
5. Girona [23] -> Huesca [20]: {"spearman": 0, "archer": 3, "knight": 1}? Let's decide: Girona has 9s,5a,2k. We want to send some to Huesca. We can send 3a,1k. So {"spearman": 0, "archer": 3, "knight": 1}
6. Tarragona [21] -> Zaragoza [17]: {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 3}? We said 3k. Tarragona has 0s,3a,6k. Send 3k. So {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 3}
7. Barcelona [22] -> Tarragona [21]: send 2k,1a? Let's send 2k,1a. {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 2}
8. Zaragoza [17] -> Madrid [12]: send 2s,1k? Or 1k,2s? Let's send 2s,1k. {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}
9. Madrid [12] -> Burgos [14]: send 2s,1a. {"spearman": 2, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}
10. Castellon [18] -> Valencia [16]: send 1s,2a,1k. {"spearman": 1, "archer": 2, "knight": 1}

We also need to consider if we should send from somewhere to reinforce Madrid? We are sending from Zaragoza to Madrid, which is good. But we might also want to send from Madrid to somewhere else? We already sending from Madrid to Burgos.

What about Zaragoza? We are sending from Tarragona to Zaragoza (3k), and from Zaragoza to Madrid (2s,1k). Zaragoza also has the marching army to Teruel. So Zaragoza's net: it sends 2s,1k, but receives 3k. So its knight count increases.

What about Castellon? We send 1s,2a,1k to Valencia. Castellon left with 2s,4a,1k. That's fine.

What about Barcelona? We send 2k,1a to Tarragona. Left with 6s,3a,4k. Good.

What about Tarragona? Sends 3k to Zaragoza, receives 2k,1a from Barcelona. Net: +2k? Actually, it had 0s,3a,6k; sends 3k -> 0s,3a,3k; receives 2k,1a -> 0s,4a,5k. Good.

What about Girona? Sends 3a,1k to Huesca. Left with 9s,2a,1k? Originally 9s,5a,2k; send 0s,3a,1k -> 9s,2a,1k. Good.

What about Huesca? Sends 2a,1k to Pamplona; receives 3a,1k from Girona. Net: originally 0s,3a,3k; send 2a,1k -> 0s,1a,2k; receive 3a,1k -> 0s,4a,3k. Good.

What about Pamplona? Sends 1s,2a,1k to Burgos; receives 2a,1k from Huesca. Originally 2s,3a,2k; send 1s,2a,1k -> 1s,1a,1k; receive 2a,1k -> 1s,3a,2k. Good.

What about Burgos? Receives 1s,2a,1k from Pamplona, and 2s,1a from Madrid. Originally 0s,3a,1k; after receives: 3s,6a,2k? Wait: from Pamplona: 1s,2a,1k; from Madrid: 2s,1a. Total received: 3s,3a,1k. So Burgos becomes 3s,6a,2k? Actually original 0s,3a,1k + 3s,3a,1k = 3s,6a,2k. That's 11 troops. Good for attacking Vigo next turn.

What about Valencia? Sends 2a,1k to Cordoba; receives 1s,2a,1k from Castellon. Originally 2s,7a,1k; send 2a,1k -> 2s,5a,0k; receive 1s,2a,1k -> 3s,7a,1k. Good.

What about Cordoba? It will be attacked. We don't send from it.

What about Murcia? Sends all to Cordoba, becomes empty.

Now, we also need to consider if we should send any troops to Murcia to defend it? As argued, after Cordoba is captured, Murcia becomes interior, so it's safe from that side. But what if the enemy attacks Murcia from somewhere else before we capture Cordoba? The only enemy bordering Murcia is Cordoba. If we attack Cordoba, the enemy might not attack Murcia. But they could attack Murcia from Cordoba? They would have to send troops from Cordoba to Murcia. But we are attacking Cordoba, so their garrison there is busy. It's unlikely they would send troops from Cordoba to Murcia at the same time. So Murcia is probably safe.

What about the enemy attacking our other villages? We have reinforced Burgos, Madrid, Zaragoza, Valencia, Castellon. Our capital Barcelona and other interiors are safe.

We should also consider that we have an army marching to Teruel. If it wins, we capture Teruel. If the enemy sends reinforcements to Teruel, they might defeat our army. We can't control that. But we have sent troops to Zaragoza and Valencia to defend if the enemy pushes from Teruel after we capture it? Actually, if we capture Teruel, the enemy might try to retake it. They would have to march from Salamanca or Toledo or somewhere. That would take time. So we might be safe.

Now, we need to write the "plan" and "statement".

Plan: Note to next turn. We should write what we are doing and what to expect.

Statement: For the audience, describing our actions this turn.

Let's draft.

Plan: "Capturing Cordoba with Murcia's troops and sending a second wave from Valencia. Reinforcing Burgos from Pamplona and Madrid to prepare for Vigo attack. Building archers in Huesca, Pamplona, Madrid, Castellon for Salamanca/Vigo; building knights in Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Zaragoza for Toledo. Flowing knights from Barcelona through Tarragona to Zaragoza to Madrid for Toledo attack. Next turn: attack Vigo from Burgos, continue building for Salamanca, and possibly attack Toledo if enough knights gathered."

Statement: "This turn, my armies struck at Cordoba, overwhelming its garrison and capturing it. I have also sent a second wave to secure the new territory. In the north, I have reinforced Burgos and Pamplona, building up the army that will next turn assault Vigo. My knights are flowing toward Madrid to prepare for the attack on Toledo. Meanwhile, my villages are producing archers and knights to fuel the offensives. With Cordoba and Teruel likely falling, I will soon hold 13 villages, closing in on the 18 needed for victory."

We need to keep plan under 600 characters. Let's shorten.

Plan: "Capture Cordoba (Murcia all troops, Valencia second wave). Reinforce Burgos (Pamplona, Madrid) for Vigo attack next turn. Build archers in Huesca/Pamplona/Madrid/Castellon, knights in Barcelona/Tarragona/Girona/Zaragoza. Flow knights to Madrid for Toledo. Next turn: attack Vigo from Burgos, continue building for Salamanca, assess Toledo."

Statement: "This turn, my armies captured Cordoba, sending a second wave to hold it. In the north, I reinforced Burgos and Pamplona, preparing the Vigo assault. Knights are being routed toward Madrid for the attack on Toledo, while archers are being built in abundance for Salamanca and Vigo. With Cordoba and Teruel likely mine, I will soon have 13 villages, stepping toward the 18 needed for victory."

Now, we need to format the JSON.

We must ensure we use only valid village IDs from the report. Our villages: 22,21,23,18,17,20,16,12,15,19,14. Enemy: 13,7,8,11,10. Unexplored: 4,6,3,9,5,1,0,2.

In movements, we send to Cordoba [11], which is enemy. That's allowed.

Check if any movement sends troops that the village doesn't have. We must verify each.

List all available troops and our sends:

Barcelona: available 6s,4a,6k. Send to Tarragona: 0s,1a,2k. That's fine.
Tarragona: available 0s,3a,6k. Send to Zaragoza: 0s,0a,3k. Fine.
Girona: available 9s,5a,2k. Send to Huesca: 0s,3a,1k. Fine.
Castellon: available 3s,6a,2k. Send to Valencia: 1s,2a,1k. Fine.
Zaragoza: available 4s,5a,1k. Send to Madrid: 2s,0a,1k. Fine. (Note: Zaragoza also has 4 marching out, but those are not available to send now.)
Huesca: available 0s,3a,3k. Send to Pamplona: 0s,2a,1k. Fine.
Valencia: available 2s,7a,1k. Send to Cordoba: 0s,2a,1k. Fine.
Madrid: available 6s,4a,0k. Send to Burgos: 2s,1a,0k. Fine.
Murcia: available 0s,3a,1k. Send to Cordoba: 0s,3a,1k. Fine.
Pamplona: available 2s,3a,2k. Send to Burgos: 1s,2a,1k. Fine.
Burgos: available 0s,3a,1k. We are not sending from Burgos this turn.

All good.

Now, builds: we need to specify villageId, type, quantity.

We have builds for:
Barcelona: knight 1
Tarragona: knight 1
Girona: knight 1
Castellon: archer 2
Zaragoza: knight 1
Huesca: archer 3
Valencia: spearman 2 (we changed to spearman)
Madrid: archer 2
Pamplona: archer 3

Wait, we also need to consider if we should build in Murcia or Burgos? They have 0 resources, so no.

What about Girona? We said 1 knight. But we also might want to build archers there? We can only build what resources allow. With 35 wood, 130 iron, we can build 1 knight (30,30) and have 5 wood left. We could also build 1 spearman? 15 wood, but we only have 5 wood left after knight? Actually, if we build 1 knight, we use 30 wood, leaving 5 wood. Not enough for spearman (15). So only 1 knight. Or we could build 1 archer (20,10) and 1 spearman (15,0) = 35 wood, 10 iron. That uses all wood. Which is better? We need both knights and archers. We are building many archers elsewhere. We need knights for Toledo. So 1 knight is good. But we also need to replace losses. Let's stick with 1 knight.

What about Tarragona: 1 knight uses 30 wood, 30 iron. Good.

Valencia: we said 2 spearmen. That uses 30 wood, 0 iron. Valencia has 30 wood, 30 iron. We could instead build 1 knight (30,30) and use all resources. But we already have many knights being built. We need spearmen for defense and to replace losses. Let's build 2 spearmen. It's fine.

Now, let's write the JSON.

We need to ensure the JSON is valid.

We'll structure:

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 12, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 19, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 15, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 3, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 16, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 19, "toId": 14, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 2, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 20, "toId": 19, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 23, "toId": 20, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 3, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 21, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 3}},
    {"fromId": 22, "toId": 21, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 17, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 12, "toId": 14, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 18, "toId": 16, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 2, "knight": 1}}
  ],
  "plan": "Capture Cordoba (Murcia all, Valencia second wave). Reinforce Burgos (Pamplona, Madrid) for Vigo attack next turn. Build archers in Huesca/Pamplona/Madrid/Castellon, knights in Barcelona/Tarragona/Girona/Zaragoza. Flow knights to Madrid for Toledo. Next turn: attack Vigo from Burgos, continue building for Salamanca, assess Toledo.",
  "statement": "This turn, my armies captured Cordoba, sending a second wave to hold it. In the north, I reinforced Burgos and Pamplona, preparing the Vigo assault. Knights are being routed toward Madrid for the attack on Toledo, while archers are being built in abundance for Salamanca and Vigo. With Cordoba and Teruel likely mine, I will soon have 13 villages, stepping toward the 18 needed for victory."
}

Check character lengths: plan is about 300 characters, fine. Statement about 250.

We need to make sure the plan and statement are in English.

One more thing: The marching army from Zaragoza to Teruel is already on the march. We don't include it in movements. That's correct.

Also, we should consider if we need to send any troops to Teruel to reinforce after capture? We could send from Valencia to Teruel? But we already have Valencia sending to Cordoba. We could send from Castellon to Teruel? Castellon to Teruel is 1 turn. If we send from Castellon to Teruel, they would arrive same turn as the Zaragoza army? That could cause friendly fire if Zaragoza wins first. But if Zaragoza wins, Teruel becomes ours, and Castellon troops would just join. That might be good. But we already sent from Castellon to Valencia. We could send from Castellon to Teruel instead? But we want to reinforce Valencia. Let's keep as is.

Another consideration: The enemy might send troops to Teruel. If they send a large force, our Zaragoza army might be defeated. To mitigate, we could send reinforcements from Zaragoza to Teruel? But Zaragoza already sent its army. We could send from Zaragoza additional troops to Teruel? Zaragoza has 4s,5a,1k available. We could send some to Teruel as a second wave. But they would fight the garrison. If our first army wins, the second wave would fight the new garrison (our own troops). That would be bad. So we shouldn't send additional attackers to Teruel this turn. Better to wait until Teruel is captured, then send reinforcements from Zaragoza or Valencia to Teruel next turn.

So our current movements are okay.

Let's double-check the travel times and whether any of our movements will cause issues. For example, from Valencia to Cordoba: we need to ensure the path is clear. Valencia to Cordoba goes through Murcia. Murcia is ours, so they pass through. But what if Murcia is attacked and the enemy captures it before our troops arrive? Unlikely. The orders are simultaneous, so the enemy would have to order an attack on Murcia. We don't know. But we are sending from Murcia to Cordoba, so Murcia will be empty. If the enemy attacks Murcia, they would find it empty? Actually, if we send all troops from Murcia, its garrison becomes 0. If the enemy attacks Murcia this turn, they would fight 0 troops and capture it without a battle? The rules: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there." If the village has no troops, what happens? The effective defense would be 0? The village still has a defense value based on location? The report gives effective defense for each village, which includes location bonus. Even with 0 troops, the village has a base defense? The defense values given are with current troops. If we remove all troops, the defense would drop to just the location bonus? The location bonus is x1.25 in village, x1.5 in castle. The base defense of a village might be 0? Actually, the effective defense is calculated from the troops' defense multiplied by location bonus. If there are no troops, defense is 0. So an empty village would fall easily. So if the enemy attacks Murcia while it's empty, they would capture it. That would be bad. So we need to be careful about leaving villages empty.

We are leaving Murcia empty this turn. Is there a risk the enemy attacks Murcia? The enemy has Cordoba nearby. They could send troops from Cordoba to Murcia. But we are attacking Cordoba this turn. The enemy's orders are simultaneous. They might decide to attack Murcia from Cordoba. If they do, they would send troops from Cordoba to Murcia. At the same time, we send troops from Murcia to Cordoba. So both villages send troops to attack each other? That would be a double attack. The enemy troops from Cordoba would march to Murcia, and our troops from Murcia would march to Cordoba. They would cross paths? On the road, they might meet? The rule: "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there: head-on, or when one catches up with the other on the same stretch of road." If they are on the same road between Murcia and Cordoba, they might meet and fight in the open field. That could happen. If they meet, both armies would be destroyed? The loser is destroyed entirely, the winner takes losses and keeps marching. So if the enemy sends from Cordoba to Murcia, and we send from Murcia to Cordoba, they could meet on the road. That would be an open field battle. Our army: 3a,1k. Enemy Cordoba garrison: 3 archers. Attack: ours 10, theirs 6. We would win, but take losses. Then our survivors would continue to Cordoba? Or would they stop? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there." If they meet on the road, they fight there, and the winner keeps marching? "The losing army is destroyed entirely; the winner takes losses and keeps marching." So if we win, our army continues to Cordoba and attacks the garrison there (which might be empty if they sent all troops). That could work out. But if the enemy sends more troops from elsewhere, it's complicated.

To avoid such risks, we could keep some troops in Murcia to defend, and send a smaller force to Cordoba? But we determined we need all troops to win. If we send only 2a,1k, attack 8 vs defense 8, tie, we lose. So we must send all. So we have to risk Murcia being empty. But we can reinforce Murcia from Valencia at the same time. Valencia sends 2a,1k to Cordoba? Wait, we have Valencia sending to Cordoba as well. That's also going toward Cordoba. So we have two armies from our side going to Cordoba: one from Murcia, one from Valencia. The one from Valencia goes through Murcia. If Murcia is empty, the Valencia army will pass through Murcia (since it's ours) and continue to Cordoba. So that's fine. But what if the enemy attacks Murcia? They would find it empty, unless our Valencia army is still in Murcia? The Valencia army is marching to Cordoba; it will pass through Murcia. Does it stop at Murcia? No, because Murcia is ours. So it just passes through. It might be on the road between Murcia and Cordoba at the time of a potential battle. If the enemy attacks Murcia, they would arrive at Murcia and find it empty. Then they might capture it. But if our Valencia army is on the road, they might meet the enemy army on the road? The enemy army from Cordoba to Murcia would be on the road between Cordoba and Murcia. Our Valencia army is on the road between Valencia and Murcia, and then Murcia to Cordoba. They could meet between Murcia and Cordoba. That's possible.

Given the complexity, maybe we should not send the second wave from Valencia to Cordoba this turn. Instead, we can send from Valencia to Murcia to reinforce Murcia after it sends its troops. That way, Murcia is not left empty. Let's reconsider.

If we send from Valencia to Murcia: say, 2a,1k. Then Murcia receives them at the end of the turn. So during the turn, Murcia's garrison is 0 (after sending), but at the end of the turn it gets reinforcements. If the enemy attacks Murcia, they would fight the garrison at the time of arrival. If the enemy army arrives before our reinforcements, they fight 0 troops and win. If our reinforcements arrive first, they fight the reinforcements. The order of arrival depends on travel times. Valencia to Murcia is 1 turn. Cordoba to Murcia is 1 turn. So they would arrive at the same time. The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if both arrive at Murcia, the enemy army and our reinforcements, they would fight. Our reinforcements would fight the enemy army. That could be good: we would have 2a,1k vs enemy's 3a? Actually, if the enemy sends from Cordoba to Murcia, they would send their garrison? They have 3 archers. So enemy army: 3a. Our reinforcements: 2a,1k. Attack: ours 2*2+4=8, theirs 3*2=6. We win, but take losses. Then Murcia is ours. But if the enemy doesn't attack, then our reinforcements just arrive safely.

So it's better to send from Valencia to Murcia rather than to Cordoba directly. That way, we reinforce Murcia after it empties, and we still have a second wave for Cordoba? But we need a second wave for Cordoba to hold it after capture. If we send from Valencia to Murcia, those troops will be in Murcia, not Cordoba. Next turn, we can send them from Murcia to Cordoba. That delays the reinforcement of Cordoba by one turn. But that's okay; Cordoba will be captured this turn, and next turn we can send reinforcements. In the meantime, Cordoba might be attacked by enemy from somewhere? But Cordoba is now ours, and it borders Sevilha and Badajoz (unexplored) and Toledo. The enemy might attack it from those places. So we should reinforce it quickly. But we can send from Murcia next turn.

Alternatively, we can send from Valencia to Cordoba directly (as second wave) and also send from somewhere else to Murcia to reinforce it. For example, send from Castellon to Murcia? Castellon to Murcia: Castellon -> Valencia -> Murcia. That's two steps. Not direct. We could send from Zaragoza to Murcia? Zaragoza -> Madrid -> Burgos? No, not direct. The only direct connections to Murcia are Valencia and Cordoba. So only Valencia can directly reinforce Murcia. So if we want to reinforce Murcia, we must send from Valencia to Murcia. If we want a second wave to Cordoba, we could send from Valencia to Cordoba directly, but then Murcia is left empty and vulnerable. We could send from somewhere else to Cordoba? Who else connects to Cordoba? Toledo [8], Sevilha [9], Murcia [15]. So only Murcia, Toledo, Sevilha. We don't control Toledo or Sevilha. So only Murcia and Valencia (via Murcia) can send to Cordoba. So our only sources for Cordoba are Murcia and Valencia. So we must use Valencia either to reinforce Murcia or to send to Cordoba directly.

Given the risk of Murcia being attacked, I think it's safer to send from Valencia to Murcia to reinforce it, and then next turn send from Murcia (now reinforced) to Cordoba to hold it. That way, Murcia is not left empty, and we can still hold Cordoba next turn. But wait: if we capture Cordoba this turn with Murcia's troops, Cordoba becomes ours. Its garrison will be the survivors of the attack (maybe 1-2 troops). That's weak. If we don't reinforce it this turn, it might be attacked by enemy from Toledo or Sevilha next turn. The enemy could send troops from Toledo to Cordoba? Toledo connects to Cordoba. So they could attack Cordoba from Toledo. If Cordoba has only 1-2 troops, they might lose it. So we should try to reinforce Cordoba this turn. But we can't reinforce it directly except by sending from Valencia to Cordoba (which takes 2 turns) or from Murcia (which we are using to capture it). So we have a dilemma.

Maybe we can send a small reinforcement from Valencia to Cordoba that will arrive in 2 turns, and also send from Valencia to Murcia? But Valencia can only send one army per turn? Actually, a village can send multiple armies? The rules don't say you can only send one army from a village. You can order multiple movements from the same village, as long as you don't exceed available troops. But each send is a separate army that marches independently. So we could split Valencia's troops: some to Murcia, some to Cordoba. But they would be separate armies. For example, Valencia sends 1a to Murcia (1 turn), and 1a,1k to Cordoba (2 turns). That is allowed. But then Valencia's available troops are reduced. Let's check: Valencia has 2s,7a,1k. We could send 0s,1a,0k to Murcia, and 0s,1a,1k to Cordoba. That leaves 2s,5a,0k. That works. Then Murcia gets 1 archer, so it's not empty. Cordoba gets a second wave in 2 turns. That might be a good compromise.

Let's adjust:

- Murcia -> Cordoba: 3a,1k (all)
- Valencia -> Murcia: 1a (reinforce)
- Valencia -> Cordoba: 1a,1k (second wave, 2 turns)

But wait, if we send from Valencia to Murcia and to Cordoba, the troops to Murcia take 1 turn, to Cordoba take 2 turns. That's fine.

Now, Murcia receives 1a at end of turn, so it has 1 archer. That's better than empty.

But we also need to consider that Valencia is sending troops away, so its defense drops. We already have Castellon sending to Valencia to reinforce it. So that's okay.

Let's update movements:

- Murcia [15] -> Cordoba [11]: 3a,1k
- Valencia [16] -> Murcia [15]: 1a (0s,1a,0k)
- Valencia [16] -> Cordoba [11]: 1a,1k (0s,1a,1k)
- Castellon [18] -> Valencia [16]: we had 1s,2a,1k. That's still good.

Now Valencia sends total: 1a to Murcia, 1a,1k to Cordoba = 0s,2a,1k sent. It has 2s,7a,1k available. So after sending, left with 2s,5a,0k. Then receives from Castellon: 1s,2a,1k -> net 3s,7a,1k. Good.

Now, what about the second wave to Cordoba? It will arrive in 2 turns. That's okay.

Now, we also need to consider the north: Burgos and Vigo. We have Pamplona sending to Burgos, and Madrid sending to Burgos. That's good.

Now, let's review all movements again with this change.

Movements list:

1. Murcia -> Cordoba: 3a,1k
2. Valencia -> Murcia: 1a
3. Valencia -> Cordoba: 1a,1k
4. Pamplona -> Burgos: 1s,2a,1k
5. Huesca -> Pamplona: 2a,1k
6. Girona -> Huesca: 3a,1k
7. Tarragona -> Zaragoza: 3k
8. Barcelona -> Tarragona: 2k,1a
9. Zaragoza -> Madrid: 2s,1k
10. Madrid -> Burgos: 2s,1a
11. Castellon -> Valencia: 1s,2a,1k

That's 11 movements.

Check if any village sends more than available:

- Murcia: available 0s,3a,1k. Send 3a,1k. OK.
- Valencia: available 2s,7a,1k. Send to Murcia 1a, to Cordoba 1a,1k. Total sent: 0s,2a,1k. OK.
- Pamplona: available 2s,3a,2k. Send 1s,2a,1k. OK.
- Huesca: available 0s,3a,3k. Send 2a,1k. OK.
- Girona: available 9s,5a,2k. Send 3a,1k. OK.
- Tarragona: available 0s,3a,6k. Send 3k. OK.
- Barcelona: available 6s,4a,6k. Send 2k,1a. OK.
- Zaragoza: available 4s,5a,1k. Send 2s,1k. OK.
- Madrid: available 6s,4a,0k. Send 2s,1a. OK.
- Castellon: available 3s,6a,2k. Send 1s,2a,1k. OK.

All good.

Now builds: we have builds as before. But we need to consider that Valencia is sending 2 archers and 1 knight, so it might want to build replacements. We already have Valencia building 2 spearmen. That's fine.

Now, let's write the final JSON.

We need to make sure the plan and statement reflect the new movements.

Plan: "Capture Cordoba with Murcia all troops; Valencia sends second wave to Cordoba and reinforces Murcia. Reinforce Burgos from Pamplona/Madrid for Vigo. Build archers (Huesca, Pamplona, Madrid, Castellon) and knights (Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Zaragoza). Flow knights to Madrid for Toledo. Next turn: attack Vigo from Burgos, continue building for Salamanca, assess Toledo."

Statement: "This turn, my armies took Cordoba, with a second wave from Valencia securing the route. I have reinforced Murcia and Burgos, building up for the Vigo assault. Knights are flowing toward Madrid for Toledo, while archers are being produced for Salamanca. With Cordoba and Teruel falling, I will soon have 13 villages, closing in on the 18 needed for victory."

Let's ensure plan is under 600 characters. Count: "Capture Cordoba with Murcia all troops; Valencia sends second wave to Cordoba and reinforces Murcia. Reinforce Burgos from Pamplona/Madrid for Vigo. Build archers (Huesca, Pamplona, Madrid, Castellon) and knights (Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Zaragoza). Flow knights to Madrid for Toledo. Next turn: attack Vigo from Burgos, continue building for Salamanca, assess Toledo." That's about 350 characters. Good.

Statement: "This turn, my armies took Cordoba, with a second wave from Valencia securing the route. I have reinforced Murcia and Burgos, building up for the Vigo assault. Knights are flowing toward Madrid for Toledo, while archers are being produced for Salamanca. With Cordoba and Teruel falling, I will soon have 13 villages, closing in on the 18 needed for victory." About 300.

Now, output JSON.

We must output ONLY the JSON object, no text before or after.

Let's construct the JSON carefully.

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 12, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 19, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 15, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 3, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 16, "toId": 15, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 16, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 19, "toId": 14, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 2, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 20, "toId": 19, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 23, "toId": 20, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 3, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 21, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 3}},
    {"fromId": 22, "toId": 21, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 17, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 12, "toId": 14, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 18, "toId": 16, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 2, "knight": 1}}
  ],
  "plan": "Capture Cordoba with Murcia all troops; Valencia sends second wave to Cordoba and reinforces Murcia. Reinforce Burgos from Pamplona/Madrid for Vigo. Build archers (Huesca, Pamplona, Madrid, Castellon) and knights (Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Zaragoza). Flow knights to Madrid for Toledo. Next turn: attack Vigo from Burgos, continue building for Salamanca, assess Toledo.",
  "statement": "This turn, my armies took Cordoba, with a second wave from Valencia securing the route. I have reinforced Murcia and Burgos, building up for the Vigo assault. Knights are flowing toward Madrid for Toledo, while archers are being produced for Salamanca. With Cordoba and Teruel falling, I will soon have 13 villages, closing in on the 18 needed for victory."
}

Double-check the movements: fromId 16 to 15 is Valencia to Murcia (1 archer). fromId 16 to 11 is Valencia to Cordoba (1 archer, 1 knight). That's correct.

One potential issue: The movement from Valencia to Cordoba goes through Murcia. Since we also send from Valencia to Murcia, those troops will go to Murcia and stop? Actually, the order is to send to Murcia (toId 15) and to Cordoba (toId 11). The troops to Murcia will stop at Murcia (since it's ours, they join garrison). The troops to Cordoba will pass through Murcia and go to Cordoba. That's allowed. They are separate armies.

Now, check if we need to include the marching army from Zaragoza to Teruel? It's already on the march, so we don't include it in movements. The report says "already marching out (NOT available): 2 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight" from Zaragoza. So we don't re-order that.

Everything seems consistent.

Let's ensure we didn't forget any village. We have 11 villages. We used all except maybe we didn't send from some. We sent from: 15,16,19,20,23,21,22,17,12,18. That's 10 villages. We didn't send from Huesca? We sent from Huesca (20) to Pamplona. We didn't send from Girona? We sent from Girona (23) to Huesca. We didn't send from Tarragona? We sent from Tarragona (21) to Zaragoza. We didn't send from Barcelona? We sent from Barcelona (22) to Tarragona. We didn't send from Castellon? We sent from Castellon (18) to Valencia. We didn't send from Zaragoza? We sent from Zaragoza (17) to Madrid. We didn't send from Madrid? We sent from Madrid (12) to Burgos. We didn't send from Pamplona? We sent from Pamplona (19) to Burgos. We didn't send from Murcia? We sent from Murcia (15) to Cordoba. We didn't send from Valencia? We sent from Valencia (16) to Murcia and Cordoba. We didn't send from Burgos? We didn't send from Burgos (14) this turn. That's fine; we are reinforcing it.

So all villages are used except Burgos (which receives). Good.

Now, final check on builds: we have builds for 9 villages. We didn't build in Murcia, Burgos (0 resources). We didn't build in Huesca? We built 3 archers in Huesca. We didn't build in Pamplona? Built 3 archers. We didn't build in Girona? Built 1 knight. We didn't build in Barcelona? Built 1 knight. Tarragona: 1 knight. Castellon: 2 archers. Zaragoza: 1 knight. Valencia: 2 spearmen. Madrid: 2 archers. That's 9 builds. All good.

We should also consider that we might want to build in Murcia or Burgos if they had resources, but they don't.

Now, output.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"arqueiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":15,"destinoId":11,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":16,"destinoId":15,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":16,"destinoId":11,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":19,"destinoId":14,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":20,"destinoId":19,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":23,"destinoId":20,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":21,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":3}},{"origemId":22,"destinoId":21,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":17,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":12,"destinoId":14,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":18,"destinoId":16,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":1}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [18]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [18]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [17]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [20]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [20]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [20]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [12]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [12]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [19]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [19]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [19]
ACEITO envio [15]->[11]: 3A+1K
ACEITO envio [16]->[15]: 1A
ACEITO envio [16]->[11]: 1A+1K
ACEITO envio [19]->[14]: 1S+2A+1K
ACEITO envio [20]->[19]: 2A+1K
ACEITO envio [23]->[20]: 3A+1K
ACEITO envio [21]->[17]: 3K
ACEITO envio [22]->[21]: 1A+2K
ACEITO envio [17]->[12]: 2S+1K
ACEITO envio [12]->[14]: 2S+1A
ACEITO envio [18]->[16]: 1S+2A+1K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Capture Cordoba with Murcia all troops; Valencia sends second wave to Cordoba and reinforces Murcia. Reinforce Burgos from Pamplona/Madrid for Vigo. Build archers (Huesca, Pamplona, Madrid, Castellon) and knights (Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Zaragoza). Flow knights to Madrid for Toledo. Next turn: attack Vigo from Burgos, continue building for Salamanca, assess Toledo.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): This turn, my armies took Cordoba, with a second wave from Valencia securing the route. I have reinforced Murcia and Burgos, building up for the Vigo assault. Knights are flowing toward Madrid for Toledo, while archers are being produced for Salamanca. With Cordoba and Teruel falling, I will soon have 13 villages, closing in on the 18 needed for victory.
COMBATE [9] Sevilha: atacante A Fatk=20 (ef 30) Fdef=10 (ef 13) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~4
COMBATE [10] Vigo: atacante A Fatk=16 (ef 16) Fdef=10 (ef 13) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~6
COMBATE [11] Cordoba: atacante A Fatk=10 (ef 15) Fdef=10 (ef 13) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~4
COMBATE [13] Teruel: atacante A Fatk=12 (ef 18) Fdef=10 (ef 13) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~4
REFORCO [6] Porto dono A: 6S
COMBATE [15] Murcia: atacante B Fatk=16 (ef 24) Fdef=10 (ef 13) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~4
COMBATE [14] Burgos: atacante B Fatk=12 (ef 18) Fdef=10 (ef 13) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~4
REFORCO [16] Valencia dono B: 2S+2A+1K
placar: A 13 ald/tropas 38 | B 11 ald/tropas 69 | neutras 0 | transito 20 (A 8 | B 12)

########## TURNO 15 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 5221 | resposta 14604 | raciocinio 11047 | finish stop | ms 137808
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 7, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 8, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 10, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 9, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 11, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 4, \"toId\": 8, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 7, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 8, \"toId\": 11, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 10, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 11, \"toId\": 15, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 5, \"knight\": 0}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Reinforce Cordoba from Toledo to hold against enemy attack; send 5 archers to capture weak Murcia. Build archers everywhere, especially Porto and Vigo to combine for Burgos. Coimbra's reinforcements arrive at Salamanca next turn for Madrid attack. Build in Teruel for Castellon attack next turn. Hold the line while expanding in the south and east.\",\n  \"statement\": \"I am reinforcing my southern and eastern fronts while preparing the central push. Toledo's archers rush to Cordoba to counter the enemy's march, while a detachment takes the weakly held Murcia. In the north, I am building up Porto and Vigo to combine forces for Burgos, and Coimbra's reinforcements will soon allow me to strike Madrid. My economy is strong, and I am building archers and knights across all villages to sustain the campaign.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A and provide a JSON response with my decisions for the current turn (Turn 15).

Let's analyze the situation:
- Goal: Hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.
- Currently hold 13 of 24.
- Enemy villages: Madrid [12], Burgos [14], Zaragoza [17], Valencia [16], Murcia [15], Castellon [18], and the enemy capital Barcelona [22] plus Pamplona [19], Huesca [20], Tarragona [21] (unexplored).
- Total villages: 24.
- Enemy villages visible: 12, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18. Plus unexplored: 19, 20, 21, 22, 23. That's 11 enemy villages. Wait, 13 mine + 11 enemy = 24.
- To win, I need to hold 18 villages, which means taking 5 more villages (since 13 + 5 = 18), or eliminate all enemy villages. Or hold 18 for 2 consecutive turns.

Let's look at my current villages and troops:
- Lisboa [0]: 1 archer. Wood 50, Iron 70.
- Santarem [1]: 13 archers. Wood 50, Iron 120.
- Evora [2]: 10 archers. Wood 50, Iron 100.
- Coimbra [3]: 12 archers, 1 knight. Wood 40, Iron 200. Marching: 6 spearmen, 1 archer to [7] Salamanca (arrives in 1 turn).
- Badajoz [4]: 7 archers. Wood 40, Iron 70.
- Faro [5]: 1 archer. Wood 40, Iron 70.
- Porto [6]: 1 spearman. Wood 45, Iron 200. Marching: 12 spearmen to [14] Burgos (arrives in 1 turn).
- Salamanca [7]: 8 spearman, 5 archer, 2 knight. Wood 40, Iron 70.
- Toledo [8]: 10 archers. Wood 40, Iron 40.
- Vigo [10]: 10 spearman. Wood 30, Iron 20.
- Sevilha [9]: 0 troops. Wood 30, Iron 20.
- Cordoba [11]: 9 archers. Wood 30, Iron 20.
- Teruel [13]: 5 archers, 3 knights. Wood 40, Iron 20.

Let's look at the enemy villages and their defenses:
- Madrid [12]: defense 30. Garrison: 6 spearmen, 5 archers, 1 knight. March from [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Also from [8] Toledo.
- Burgos [14]: defense 28. Garrison: 3 spearmen, 6 archers, 2 knights. March from [10] Vigo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- Murcia [15]: defense 3. Garrison: 1 archer. March from [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- Valencia [16]: defense 33. Garrison: 5 spearmen, 7 archers, 1 knight. March from [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- Zaragoza [17]: defense 28. Garrison: 2 spearmen, 5 archers, 4 knights. March from [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- Castellon [18]: defense 23. Garrison: 2 spearmen, 6 archers, 1 knight. March from [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

Let's look at the armies on the march:
- Mine:
  - 12 spearmen from [6] Porto to [14] Burgos, arrives in 1 turn.
  - 6 spearmen, 1 archer from [3] Coimbra to [7] Salamanca, arrives in 1 turn.
- Enemy:
  - Enemy army marching toward [11] Cordoba - YOUR village - arrives in 1 turn.

Let's analyze the enemy army marching toward [11] Cordoba. I don't know its composition, but Cordoba has 9 archers (effective defense 23). If the enemy army is small, it will be repelled. If it's large, it might take it. But I can reinforce Cordoba.
Wait, Cordoba is connected to [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia.
I can send troops from Sevilha [9] (0 troops currently, but I can build or send from others? No, Sevilha has 0 troops). I can send from Toledo [8] (10 archers) or Badajoz [4] (7 archers) or Faro [5] (1 archer).
Actually, Cordoba is quite strong with 9 archers (defense 23). But the enemy might attack it.

Let's look at the plan from last turn:
"Multi-pronged offensive: Porto takes Burgos, Coimbra reinforces Salamanca for Madrid, Sevilha reinforces Cordoba for Murcia, Toledo reinforces Teruel. Build archers and knights everywhere to sustain the push. Next turn: attack Madrid, Murcia, and hold Teruel."

Let's check what is happening this turn:
- Porto sent 12 spearmen to Burgos [14]. They arrive in 1 turn (this turn). So next turn, Burgos will have 12 spearmen attacking it, plus whatever is already there. Wait, if they arrive this turn, they will fight Burgos's garrison (3 spearmen, 6 archers, 2 knights, defense 28).
Let's calculate the battle at Burgos [14]:
Attackers: 12 spearmen. Attack power: 12 * 1 = 12. No counter bonus (only spearmen). Wait, defender has 3 spearmen, 6 archers, 2 knights. Most numerous defender type: archers (6). Archer counters spearman. So defender gets counter bonus? No, counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5.
Defender's most numerous type is archer (6). Attacker's most numerous type is spearman (12). Spearman is countered by archer. So attacker does NOT have the counter. Defender's most numerous is archer, attacker's most numerous is spearman. Archer counters spearman, so defender gets 1.5x multiplier!
Wait, let's re-read the counter triangle:
"spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5 (every troop in it, not only the countering type)."
So if attacker has spearman and defender has archer, archer counters spearman, so defender gets 1.5x.
Defender's effective defense is 28 (already includes location bonus).
Attacker's force: 12 spearmen. Attack = 12 * 1 = 12.
Defender's force: 3 spearmen (def 2), 6 archers (def 2), 2 knights (def 2). Total defense = (3+6+2)*2 = 22? But effective defense is 28, which includes location bonus. So defender's force is 28.
With counter bonus, defender's force is 28 * 1.5 = 42.
Attacker's force is 12. Defender wins easily. 12 spearmen will be destroyed.
Wait, is this correct? Let's check if I should attack Burgos with only 12 spearmen. That seems like a bad idea. Maybe I should send more troops or change the target.
But the order was already placed last turn! The 12 spearmen are already marching and will arrive this turn. I cannot cancel them.
Wait, can I send more troops to Burgos? No, if I send troops to Burgos, they will arrive later. But the 12 spearmen will arrive this turn and fight. If they lose, they are destroyed.
Let's check if I can send reinforcements to Vigo [10] to join the attack on Burgos? Vigo has 10 spearman. If I send them to Burgos, they will march from Vigo to Burgos (1 turn). They will arrive next turn. But the 12 spearmen from Porto will arrive this turn and fight alone. So they will lose.
Wait, Porto is connected to Vigo [6 -> 10 -> 14]. Vigo is connected to Burgos [10 -> 14].
So if I send troops from Vigo to Burgos, they take 1 turn. The 12 spearmen from Porto take 1 turn (arriving this turn). So they will arrive at different times? "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So even if they arrive on the same turn, they fight separately. The first one (12 spearmen) will fight the garrison, lose, and be destroyed. Then the second one (10 spearman from Vigo) will fight the garrison (which might have been reinforced or not).
This is a problem. I need to coordinate attacks so that a single large force hits the target, or at least that the first attack is strong enough to win.

Let's look at Madrid [12]. Defense 30. Garrison: 6 spearmen, 5 archers, 1 knight.
If I attack Madrid from Salamanca [7] and Toledo [8] simultaneously, they will fight separately.
Salamanca has 8 spearman, 5 archer, 2 knight. Attack power: 8*1 + 5*2 + 2*4 = 8 + 10 + 8 = 26.
Most numerous: spearman (8). Defender's most numerous: spearman (6). No counter bonus (tie breaks in spearman, archer, knight order, so spearman vs spearman is a tie, no counter).
Wait, defender has 6 spearmen, 5 archers, 1 knight. Most numerous is spearman. Attacker has 8 spearmen, 5 archers, 2 knight. Most numerous is spearman. Tie, no counter.
Attacker force: 26. Defender force: 30. Defender wins.
If I reinforce Salamanca with the 6 spearmen, 1 archer from Coimbra [3] (arriving this turn), Salamanca will have 14 spearmen, 6 archers, 2 knights. Attack power: 14*1 + 6*2 + 2*4 = 14 + 12 + 8 = 34.
Most numerous: spearman (14). Defender's most numerous: spearman (6). No counter.
Attacker force: 34. Defender force: 30. Attacker wins!
But wait, the 6 spearmen, 1 archer from Coimbra are marching to Salamanca and arrive this turn. So this turn, Salamanca's garrison will be reinforced by them. But can I order an attack from Salamanca this turn using the troops that are arriving?
"Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now. Nothing you order this turn is visible to them before it happens."
The snapshot shows Salamanca with 8 spearman, 5 archer, 2 knight. The 6 spearmen, 1 archer are already marching and will arrive this turn. But when I write orders, do I count the marching troops as available?
"AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 8 spearman, 5 archer, 2 knight (attack power if all sent: 26)"
The report says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" for Salamanca is 8 spearman, 5 archer, 2 knight. The marching troops are NOT available to send now because they are already marching. They will arrive this turn and join the garrison. But I cannot order them to attack from Salamanca this turn because they are not in Salamanca yet.
However, I can order the troops currently in Salamanca (8 spearman, 5 archer, 2 knight) to attack Madrid. They will march to Madrid (1 turn). During this turn, the 6 spearmen, 1 archer from Coimbra will arrive at Salamanca and join the garrison. But the attacking force is only the 8 spearman, 5 archer, 2 knight.
Wait, if I attack Madrid from Salamanca with 8 spearman, 5 archer, 2 knight, they will march to Madrid. On arrival, they will fight Madrid's garrison.
But what about the 6 spearmen, 1 archer arriving at Salamanca? They will just reinforce Salamanca.
So the attack on Madrid will be with 8 spearman, 5 archer, 2 knight (force 26) vs defense 30. Defender wins.
What if I also attack Madrid from Toledo [8]? Toledo has 10 archers. Attack power: 20. Defender force 30. Defender wins.
What if I send troops from Toledo to Salamanca, and then from Salamanca to Madrid? That would take 2 turns.
I need to build up troops.
Let's look at the resources and building options.
Each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn.
I have many villages with wood and iron.
Let's see what I can build:
- Lisboa [0]: wood 50, iron 70. Can build archers (20 wood, 10 iron). Can build up to 2 archers (cost 40 wood, 20 iron). Or knights (30 wood, 30 iron) - can build 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron, leaves 20 wood, 40 iron). Or spearmen (15 wood, 0 iron) - can build 3 spearmen (cost 45 wood, leaves 5 wood).
- Santarem [1]: wood 50, iron 120. Can build archers (up to 2, cost 40 wood, 20 iron) or knights (up to 3, cost 90 wood, 90 iron) or spearmen (up to 3, cost 45 wood).
- Evora [2]: wood 50, iron 100. Can build archers (up to 2) or knights (up to 3) or spearmen (up to 3).
- Coimbra [3]: wood 40, iron 200. Can build archers (up to 2) or knights (up to 6! cost 180 wood, 180 iron) or spearmen (up to 2).
- Badajoz [4]: wood 40, iron 70. Can build archers (up to 2) or knights (up to 2) or spearmen (up to 2).
- Faro [5]: wood 40, iron 70. Can build archers (up to 2) or knights (up to 2) or spearmen (up to 2).
- Porto [6]: wood 45, iron 200. Can build archers (up to 2) or knights (up to 6) or spearmen (up to 3).
- Salamanca [7]: wood 40, iron 70. Can build archers (up to 2) or knights (up to 2) or spearmen (up to 2).
- Toledo [8]: wood 40, iron 40. Can build archers (up to 2) or knights (up to 1) or spearmen (up to 2).
- Vigo [10]: wood 30, iron 20. Can build archers (up to 1, cost 20 wood, 10 iron) or spearmen (up to 2, cost 30 wood).
- Sevilha [9]: wood 30, iron 20. Can build archers (up to 1) or spearmen (up to 2).
- Cordoba [11]: wood 30, iron 20. Can build archers (up to 1) or spearmen (up to 2).
- Teruel [13]: wood 40, iron 20. Can build archers (up to 1) or spearmen (up to 2).

Let's look at the enemy army marching toward [11] Cordoba. It arrives in 1 turn. I don't know its size, but I should reinforce Cordoba to be safe.
Cordoba has 9 archers (defense 23). If I send troops from Toledo [8] (10 archers) to Cordoba [11], they will take 1 turn. But the enemy army also arrives in 1 turn. If I send troops, they will arrive at the same time as the enemy army? "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
Wait, if the enemy army arrives at Cordoba, and my reinforcements also arrive, who fights first? "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there... When an attack conquers a village, the surviving attackers stay there as its new garrison."
If the enemy attacks Cordoba, they will fight the garrison of Cordoba (9 archers). My reinforcements arriving from Toledo will also arrive at Cordoba. But do they arrive before or after the battle? "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
This implies that the enemy army fights the Cordoba garrison first. If the enemy wins, they conquer Cordoba, and my reinforcements arriving later (or even at the same time) will find the village conquered and will have to fight the new garrison, or they might just stop and fight? "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". If Cordoba is conquered by the enemy, it is now an enemy village. My reinforcements arriving there will stop and fight the enemy garrison.
But it's better to reinforce Cordoba before the attack, or send a strong force to counterattack.
Actually, I can send troops from Badajoz [4] or Sevilha [9] to Cordoba. But Sevilha has 0 troops. Badajoz has 7 archers. Toledo has 10 archers.
Let's send the 10 archers from Toledo to Cordoba to reinforce it. Wait, if I send them, they will march to Cordoba (1 turn). The enemy army is also marching to Cordoba (1 turn). They will both arrive this turn. The enemy army will fight the existing garrison (9 archers). If the enemy army is small, it will be repelled. If it's large, it might win. My 10 archers will arrive and might fight the enemy if they won, or reinforce if they lost.
Actually, the report says: "enemy army marching toward [11] Cordoba - YOUR village - arrives in 1 turn". I don't know its strength. But last turn, King B attacked Cordoba with 3 archers, 1 knight and was repelled. So the enemy might be trying again.
Let's check if I can send troops from Toledo to Cordoba. Toledo is connected to Cordoba [8 -> 11]. Yes, 1 turn.
What about building troops?
I should build archers and knights where I can.
Let's look at the fronts:
- North front: Vigo [10] faces Burgos [14]. Porto sent 12 spearmen to Burgos, which will likely lose. I should send more troops from Vigo to Burgos, or from Porto to Vigo then to Burgos? No, Porto is connected to Vigo [6 -> 10]. Vigo has 10 spearman. I can send them to Burgos [10 -> 14]. They will take 1 turn. The 12 spearmen from Porto arrive this turn. So they fight separately. The 12 spearmen will lose. Then the 10 spearman from Vigo will arrive next turn and fight the Burgos garrison (which might have been reinforced). This is inefficient. I should have sent a combined force. But since the 12 spearmen are already marching, I can send the 10 spearman from Vigo to Burgos to follow up.
- Central front: Salamanca [7] and Toledo [8] face Madrid [12]. Salamanca has 8 spearman, 5 archer, 2 knight. Toledo has 10 archers. Madrid has defense 30.
I need to combine forces to attack Madrid. But they are in different villages. I can send troops from Toledo to Salamanca (Toledo is connected to Salamanca via Badajoz? [8 -> 4 -> 7]. That's 2 turns. Or via Madrid? No, Madrid is enemy. So Toledo to Salamanca is 2 turns.
Wait, Toledo is connected to [4] Badajoz, [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel.
Salamanca is connected to [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto, [12] Madrid.
So Toledo to Salamanca via Badajoz is [8 -> 4 -> 7], which is 2 turns.
I can send troops from Coimbra [3] to Salamanca [7] (already marching: 6 spearmen, 1 archer).
I can send troops from Santarem [1] to Salamanca? Santarem is connected to [0] Lisboa, [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz. So Santarem to Salamanca is [1 -> 4 -> 7] (2 turns) or [1 -> 3 -> 7] (2 turns).
So it takes 2 turns to bring reinforcements from the rear to the front.
- Southern front: Cordoba [11] faces Murcia [15]. Murcia has defense 3, garrison 1 archer. This is an easy target!
Cordoba has 9 archers. I can attack Murcia from Cordoba with 9 archers. Attack power 18 vs defense 3. Easy win.
But the enemy is marching to Cordoba. If I send troops from Cordoba to Murcia, Cordoba will be left with 0 troops. If the enemy arrives at Cordoba, they will find it empty and conquer it without a fight! That would be bad.
So I should not empty Cordoba. I can reinforce Cordoba from Toledo [8] (10 archers) or Badajoz [4] (7 archers).
If I send 10 archers from Toledo to Cordoba, Cordoba will have 19 archers. Then I can send some from Cordoba to attack Murcia, or keep them there to defend.
Actually, Murcia is very weak (defense 3, 1 archer). I can attack it with a small force.
But first, let's deal with the immediate threats and opportunities.

Let's look at the enemy's possible moves:
- Enemy army marching to Cordoba [11].
- Enemy might attack Salamanca [7], Toledo [8], Vigo [10], Teruel [13].
Teruel [13] has 5 archers, 3 knights (defense 20). It faces Valencia [16] (defense 33), Zaragoza [17] (defense 28), Castellon [18] (defense 23).
Last turn, King B attacked Teruel with 2 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight and was repelled. So they might try again or attack elsewhere.

Let's decide on the moves for this turn:
1. Reinforce Cordoba [11] from Toledo [8] with 10 archers. This protects against the enemy army marching there.
Wait, if I send 10 archers from Toledo to Cordoba, Toledo will have 0 archers. Toledo faces Madrid [12]. Is that okay? Madrid has 30 defense. If Toledo is empty, Madrid could attack it? Madrid is connected to Toledo [12 -> 8]. But Madrid's garrison is 6 spearmen, 5 archers, 1 knight. They might attack Toledo. If Toledo is empty, they would conquer it. So I should keep some troops in Toledo, or send reinforcements from elsewhere.
Badajoz [4] has 7 archers. I can send them to Toledo [8] (1 turn) to reinforce it, and send Toledo's 10 archers to Cordoba [11] (1 turn). But Badajoz to Toledo is 1 turn, Toledo to Cordoba is 1 turn. So the 10 archers from Toledo will arrive at Cordoba this turn, and the 7 archers from Badajoz will arrive at Toledo this turn. This works!
Let's check the road: Badajoz [4] to Toledo [8] is connected? Road network: [4] Badajoz: [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. Yes, [4] is connected to [8]. So 1 turn.
Toledo [8] to Cordoba [11]: [8] Toledo: [4], [11], [12], [13]. Yes, connected to [11]. So 1 turn.
So:
- Send 7 archers from Badajoz [4] to Toledo [8].
- Send 10 archers from Toledo [8] to Cordoba [11].
This reinforces both.

2. Attack Murcia [15] from Cordoba [11].
Cordoba has 9 archers. If I send them to Murcia, they will arrive in 1 turn and fight the 1 archer garrison (defense 3). Easy win.
But if I send all 9 archers, Cordoba will be empty when the enemy army arrives. The enemy army is marching to Cordoba and arrives this turn. If Cordoba is empty, the enemy will just walk in and conquer it.
So I should NOT send all troops from Cordoba. I should keep some there, or send the attack from somewhere else.
Can I attack Murcia from somewhere else? Murcia is connected to [11] Cordoba and [16] Valencia. Only Cordoba is mine. So I must attack from Cordoba.
If I send, say, 5 archers from Cordoba to Murcia, leaving 4 archers in Cordoba. The 10 archers from Toledo will arrive at Cordoba this turn, so Cordoba will have 4 + 10 = 14 archers. That's a good defense.
Let's send 5 archers from Cordoba to Murcia. They will attack Murcia (defense 3, 1 archer). 5 archers have attack 10. Defender force 3. Attacker wins easily.
Wait, if I send 5 archers, they will arrive this turn and fight. The remaining 4 archers stay in Cordoba. The 10 archers from Toledo arrive this turn. So Cordoba will have 14 archers. The enemy army marching to Cordoba will arrive this turn and fight the 14 archers. That should be a strong defense.

3. Attack Burgos [14] from Vigo [10].
Vigo has 10 spearman. Burgos has defense 28, garrison 3 spearmen, 6 archers, 2 knights.
If I send 10 spearman from Vigo to Burgos, they will fight the garrison.
Attacker: 10 spearman (attack 10). Defender: 3 spearmen, 6 archers, 2 knights. Most numerous defender: archers (6). Attacker most numerous: spearman (10). Archer counters spearman, so defender gets 1.5x. Defender force 28 * 1.5 = 42. Attacker force 10. Defender wins.
So 10 spearman is not enough. I need to send archers or knights to counter the archers, or send a mixed army.
But Vigo only has 10 spearman. I can send reinforcements to Vigo from Porto [6] or elsewhere.
Porto [6] has 1 spearman, and 12 spearmen are already marching to Burgos (arriving this turn).
Wait, the 12 spearmen from Porto are marching to Burgos [14]. They will arrive this turn and fight. As calculated, they will lose.
Can I send troops from Porto to Vigo, and then from Vigo to Burgos? That would take 2 turns.
What if I send archers from somewhere to Vigo to mix with the spearman?
Vigo is connected to Porto [6] and Burgos [14]. To get archers to Vigo, I need to send them from a village connected to Vigo. Only Porto [6] is connected to Vigo.
Porto has 1 spearman, and I can build archers there (wood 45, iron 200). I can build up to 2 archers (cost 40 wood, 20 iron) or more if I had more resources, but cap is 300 troops. Porto has 1 spearman + 12 marching = 13 troops. I can build archers.
If I build 2 archers in Porto, they will be ready in 1 turn. Then I can send them to Vigo next turn. But the attack on Burgos needs to happen now or next turn.
Actually, the 12 spearmen from Porto will attack Burgos this turn and lose. Then next turn, I can send a stronger force from Vigo (reinforced by archers from Porto).
Let's build 2 archers in Porto [6] this turn. They will be ready next turn. Then I can send them to Vigo [10] (1 turn), and then to Burgos [14] (1 turn). That's 2 turns.
Alternatively, I can send the 10 spearman from Vigo to Burgos this turn, even though they will lose, just to follow up? No, if they lose, they are destroyed. I shouldn't waste them.
I should keep the 10 spearman in Vigo for now, and build archers in Porto to combine with them.
Wait, can I send the 10 spearman from Vigo to Porto to wait? No, that just delays.
Let's look at the big picture. I need to capture Burgos. It has defense 28. I need a force of at least 30-40 to attack it successfully.
I have 10 spearman in Vigo, 1 spearman in Porto, 12 spearmen marching to Burgos (will be lost).
I can build archers in Porto and Vigo.
Vigo has wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood).
Porto has wood 45, iron 200. Can build 2 archers (cost 40 wood, 20 iron) or 3 spearmen (cost 45 wood) or 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron).
Let's build archers in Porto and Vigo.
Also, I need to attack Madrid [12] (defense 30).
Salamanca [7] has 8 spearman, 5 archer, 2 knight (force 26). Coimbra [3] is sending 6 spearmen, 1 archer (arriving this turn). So next turn, Salamanca will have 14 spearmen, 6 archers, 2 knights (force 34). That's enough to beat Madrid's 30!
So next turn, I can attack Madrid from Salamanca with the combined force.
But this turn, I should build more troops in Salamanca and surrounding villages to prepare.
Salamanca has wood 40, iron 70. Can build 2 archers (cost 40 wood, 20 iron) or 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood) or 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron).
Let's build 2 archers in Salamanca.

Toledo [8] has 10 archers. I am sending them to Cordoba. Badajoz [4] has 7 archers, sending them to Toledo.
So Toledo will be reinforced by Badajoz's 7 archers next turn.
I should build in Badajoz and Toledo.
Badajoz: wood 40, iron 70. Can build 2 archers.
Toledo: wood 40, iron 40. Can build 2 archers (cost 40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron).

Teruel [13] has 5 archers, 3 knights (defense 20). It faces Valencia [16] (defense 33), Zaragoza [17] (defense 28), Castellon [18] (defense 23).
I need to push on the eastern front to take Valencia, Zaragoza, Castellon.
Teruel has 8 troops. I can send reinforcements from Toledo [8] or elsewhere. But Toledo is sending troops to Cordoba.
Evora [2] is connected to [0] Lisboa, [5] Faro. Faro is connected to [4] Badajoz, [9] Sevilha. Sevilha is connected to [11] Cordoba.
So Evora to Teruel is far.
Coimbra [3] is connected to [1], [6], [7].
I need to build up troops in the east.
Teruel has wood 40, iron 20. Can build 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood).
Let's build 1 archer in Teruel.

Let's summarize the moves:
- Badajoz [4]: send 7 archers to Toledo [8]. Build 2 archers.
- Toledo [8]: send 10 archers to Cordoba [11]. Build 2 archers.
- Cordoba [11]: send 5 archers to Murcia [15] (attack). Build 1 archer (wood 30, iron 20 -> cost 20 wood, 10 iron).
- Salamanca [7]: build 2 archers. (No movement yet, wait for Coimbra reinforcements to arrive, then attack Madrid next turn).
- Porto [6]: build 2 archers.
- Vigo [10]: build 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron). Keep 10 spearman.
- Teruel [13]: build 1 archer.
- Coimbra [3]: already sending 6 spearmen, 1 archer to Salamanca. Build 2 archers (wood 40, iron 200 -> cost 40 wood, 20 iron).
- Santarem [1]: build 2 archers or knights. Wood 50, iron 120. Can build 2 archers (cost 40 wood, 20 iron) or 2 knights (cost 60 wood, 60 iron). Let's build 2 archers.
- Lisboa [0]: build 2 archers (cost 40 wood, 20 iron).
- Evora [2]: build 2 archers (cost 40 wood, 20 iron).
- Faro [5]: build 2 archers (cost 40 wood, 20 iron).
- Sevilha [9]: build 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearmen. Wood 30, iron 20. Build 1 archer.

Wait, let's check the resources and caps.
Cap per village: 300 troops. None are near 300.
Let's check the exact numbers for builds:
- Lisboa [0]: wood 50, iron 70. Build 2 archers (cost 40 wood, 20 iron). Leaves 10 wood, 50 iron.
- Santarem [1]: wood 50, iron 120. Build 2 archers (cost 40 wood, 20 iron). Leaves 10 wood, 100 iron.
- Evora [2]: wood 50, iron 100. Build 2 archers (cost 40 wood, 20 iron). Leaves 10 wood, 80 iron.
- Coimbra [3]: wood 40, iron 200. Build 2 archers (cost 40 wood, 20 iron). Leaves 0 wood, 180 iron.
- Badajoz [4]: wood 40, iron 70. Build 2 archers (cost 40 wood, 20 iron). Leaves 0 wood, 50 iron.
- Faro [5]: wood 40, iron 70. Build 2 archers (cost 40 wood, 20 iron). Leaves 0 wood, 50 iron.
- Porto [6]: wood 45, iron 200. Build 2 archers (cost 40 wood, 20 iron). Leaves 5 wood, 180 iron.
- Salamanca [7]: wood 40, iron 70. Build 2 archers (cost 40 wood, 20 iron). Leaves 0 wood, 50 iron.
- Toledo [8]: wood 40, iron 40. Build 2 archers (cost 40 wood, 20 iron). Leaves 0 wood, 20 iron.
- Vigo [10]: wood 30, iron 20. Build 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron). Leaves 10 wood, 10 iron.
- Sevilha [9]: wood 30, iron 20. Build 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron). Leaves 10 wood, 10 iron.
- Cordoba [11]: wood 30, iron 20. Build 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron). Leaves 10 wood, 10 iron.
- Teruel [13]: wood 40, iron 20. Build 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron). Leaves 20 wood, 10 iron.

This is a lot of archers! But archers are versatile and cost-effective.
Wait, I also need knights for speed and high attack. But iron is limited in some villages.
Let's check if I should build knights in Coimbra (iron 200) or Porto (iron 200).
Coimbra: wood 40, iron 200. Can build 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Leaves 10 wood, 170 iron.
Porto: wood 45, iron 200. Can build 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Leaves 15 wood, 170 iron.
Let's build 1 knight in Coimbra and 1 knight in Porto.
Also, Santarem has iron 120. Can build 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Leaves 20 wood, 90 iron.
Let's build 1 knight in Santarem.
This gives me some fast, powerful troops.

Let's refine the build list:
- Lisboa [0]: 2 archers
- Santarem [1]: 2 archers, 1 knight
- Evora [2]: 2 archers
- Coimbra [3]: 2 archers, 1 knight
- Badajoz [4]: 2 archers
- Faro [5]: 2 archers
- Porto [6]: 2 archers, 1 knight
- Salamanca [7]: 2 archers
- Toledo [8]: 2 archers
- Vigo [10]: 1 archer
- Sevilha [9]: 1 archer
- Cordoba [11]: 1 archer
- Teruel [13]: 1 archer

Total archers built: 2+2+2+2+2+2+2+2+1+1+1+1 = 20 archers.
Total knights built: 3.
This is a good production boost.

Now, movements:
- Badajoz [4] -> Toledo [8]: 7 archers. (To reinforce Toledo after sending its troops to Cordoba).
- Toledo [8] -> Cordoba [11]: 10 archers. (To reinforce Cordoba against the incoming enemy army).
- Cordoba [11] -> Murcia [15]: 5 archers. (To attack and capture the weak Murcia).
- Salamanca [7]: No movement this turn. Wait for Coimbra's 6 spearmen, 1 archer to arrive, then attack Madrid next turn.
- Vigo [10]: No movement. Keep 10 spearman. Wait for Porto's reinforcements to arrive, then plan attack on Burgos.
- Teruel [13]: No movement. Keep 5 archers, 3 knights. Wait for reinforcements or attack Valencia/Zaragoza.
- Porto [6]: No movement. Keep 1 spearman. (The 12 spearmen are already marching to Burgos and will arrive this turn).
- Coimbra [3]: Already marching 6 spearmen, 1 archer to Salamanca. No new movement.

Wait, what about the 12 spearmen from Porto to Burgos? They are already on the march. I don't need to order them again.
What about the enemy army marching to Cordoba? My reinforcements from Toledo (10 archers) will arrive at Cordoba this turn. The enemy army will also arrive. The battle will be: Cordoba garrison (9 archers) + arriving 10 archers? No, "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So the enemy army fights the Cordoba garrison (9 archers) first. If the enemy army is, say, 5 archers, they will fight 9 archers and lose. Then my 10 archers from Toledo arrive and fight the remaining enemy? Or do they just join the garrison?
"When an attack conquers a village, the surviving attackers stay there as its new garrison."
If the enemy army loses, the Cordoba garrison remains, and my 10 archers arrive and join them.
If the enemy army wins, they conquer Cordoba. Then my 10 archers arrive and fight the new enemy garrison in Cordoba.
Either way, sending 10 archers is good because it ensures I have a strong force to counterattack if the enemy takes Cordoba, or to reinforce if it holds.
Actually, if the enemy takes Cordoba, my 10 archers will stop at Cordoba and fight the enemy garrison. This is an attack on Cordoba, which is now enemy-held. So it's a counterattack.
This is a solid plan.

Let's double check the attack on Murcia [15].
Cordoba [11] has 9 archers. I send 5 archers to Murcia [15].
Murcia has defense 3, garrison 1 archer.
Attackers: 5 archers (attack 10). Defender: 1 archer (defense 2, but effective defense is 3). Attacker wins easily. Murcia is captured.
The remaining 4 archers stay in Cordoba. Then 10 archers from Toledo arrive, making 14 archers in Cordoba.
This is good.

Let's check if I should send more than 5 archers to Murcia.
If I send all 9 archers, Cordoba is empty. The enemy army marching to Cordoba arrives this turn. Since Cordoba is empty, the enemy will conquer it without a fight. Then my 10 archers from Toledo arrive and fight the enemy in Cordoba. This is also a viable option, but riskier because the enemy gets a free village.
Better to leave 4 archers to hold Cordoba.

What about the attack on Madrid [12]?
Salamanca [7] has 8 spearman, 5 archer, 2 knight.
Coimbra [3] is sending 6 spearmen, 1 archer to Salamanca. They arrive this turn.
So next turn, Salamanca will have 14 spearmen, 6 archers, 2 knights.
I can order the attack on Madrid from Salamanca next turn.
But wait, can I order the attack on Madrid this turn using the troops currently in Salamanca (8 spearman, 5 archer, 2 knight)?
If I order them to attack Madrid this turn, they will march to Madrid (1 turn). On arrival, they will fight Madrid's garrison (6 spearmen, 5 archers, 1 knight, defense 30).
Attacker force: 8*1 + 5*2 + 2*4 = 26. Defender force: 30. Defender wins.
So I should NOT attack Madrid this turn. I should wait for the reinforcements from Coimbra to arrive, then attack next turn.
This is correct.

What about the attack on Burgos [14]?
Vigo [10] has 10 spearman. If I send them to Burgos this turn, they will fight Burgos's garrison (3 spearmen, 6 archers, 2 knights, defense 28).
Attacker force: 10. Defender force: 28 * 1.5 (counter) = 42. Defender wins.
So I should NOT attack Burgos this turn.
I need to reinforce Vigo first.
Porto [6] is connected to Vigo [10]. I can build archers in Porto and send them to Vigo next turn.
This turn, I build 2 archers in Porto. Next turn, I send them to Vigo. Then the combined force (10 spearman + 2 archers) can attack Burgos, or I can build more.
Actually, Porto has 1 spearman. I can send it to Vigo this turn? No, it's only 1 spearman, doesn't help much.
Let's keep the 10 spearman in Vigo and build archers in Porto.

What about the eastern front?
Teruel [13] has 5 archers, 3 knights. It faces Valencia [16] (defense 33), Zaragoza [17] (defense 28), Castellon [18] (defense 23).
Can I attack Castellon [18] from Teruel [13]?
Teruel to Castellon is 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So 2 turns for spearmen, 1 turn for knights.
If I send the 3 knights and 5 archers from Teruel to Castellon, they will take 1 turn (since knights are fast, the army marches at the speed of the slowest? "A MIXED army marches at the speed of its SLOWEST troop." So if I send knights and archers, archers are medium, so 1 medium turn? Wait, the report says: "march from [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Castellon. So for medium troops, it's 1 turn. For slow, 2 turns.
If I send 5 archers (medium) and 3 knights (fast), the slowest is medium, so it takes 1 turn.
Let's calculate the attack on Castellon [18] (defense 23, garrison 2 spearmen, 6 archers, 1 knight).
Attackers: 5 archers, 3 knights. Attack power: 5*2 + 3*4 = 10 + 12 = 22.
Most numerous attacker: archers (5). Defender most numerous: archers (6). No counter (archer vs archer).
Attacker force: 22. Defender force: 23. Defender wins (tie favors defender).
So I need more troops to attack Castellon.
I can send reinforcements to Teruel from Toledo [8]? Toledo is sending 10 archers to Cordoba. Badajoz is sending 7 archers to Toledo.
So the route to Teruel is: Badajoz -> Toledo -> Teruel. That's 2 turns.
Or I can build more in Teruel. Teruel has wood 40, iron 20. I can build 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron). That gives 6 archers, 3 knights. Attack power: 6*2 + 3*4 = 12 + 12 = 24. Defender force 23. Attacker wins!
But wait, if I attack Castellon with 6 archers, 3 knights, they will march for 1 turn. During that turn, can the enemy reinforce Castellon? Castellon is connected to [13] Teruel, [16] Valencia, [21] Tarragona. Valencia is enemy, Tarragona is unexplored (enemy).
So the enemy could send troops from Valencia to Castellon.
But for now, let's assume I can attack Castellon next turn if I build the archer this turn.
Actually, I can order the attack on Castellon this turn with the current 5 archers, 3 knights? No, they are in Teruel. I can order them to march to Castellon this turn. They will arrive next turn and fight. By then, I will have built the 1 archer in Teruel, so the garrison will be 6 archers, 3 knights. But the order to march is placed this turn, using the troops available NOW (5 archers, 3 knights). The newly built archer will be ready next turn, but if I already ordered the troops to march, the new archer stays in Teruel.
So I should NOT order the attack this turn if I need the extra archer. I should build the archer this turn, and next turn order the attack with the full force.
This is a good plan.

Let's review the movements and builds:
Builds:
- Lisboa [0]: 2 archers
- Santarem [1]: 2 archers, 1 knight
- Evora [2]: 2 archers
- Coimbra [3]: 2 archers, 1 knight
- Badajoz [4]: 2 archers
- Faro [5]: 2 archers
- Porto [6]: 2 archers, 1 knight
- Salamanca [7]: 2 archers
- Toledo [8]: 2 archers
- Vigo [10]: 1 archer
- Sevilha [9]: 1 archer
- Cordoba [11]: 1 archer
- Teruel [13]: 1 archer

Movements:
- Badajoz [4] -> Toledo [8]: 7 archers
- Toledo [8] -> Cordoba [11]: 10 archers
- Cordoba [11] -> Murcia [15]: 5 archers

Wait, Cordoba has 9 archers. If I send 5 to Murcia, 4 remain. Then 10 from Toledo arrive, making 14.
Cordoba also builds 1 archer, so next turn it will have 15 archers (if no losses).
This is good.

Let's check if I should send the 10 spearman from Vigo to Porto to combine with the archers? No, Vigo is closer to Burgos. Porto to Vigo is 1 turn, Vigo to Burgos is 1 turn. So sending from Porto to Vigo then to Burgos takes 2 turns. It's better to build archers in Porto, send them to Vigo (1 turn), and then from Vigo to Burgos (1 turn). That's 2 turns total from Porto to Burgos via Vigo.
Actually, Porto is connected to Vigo [6 -> 10]. Vigo is connected to Burgos [10 -> 14].
So Porto -> Vigo -> Burgos is 2 turns.
If I build archers in Porto this turn, next turn they are in Porto. I send them to Vigo (arrive in 1 turn, so turn 17). Then from Vigo to Burgos (arrive in turn 18).
Meanwhile, the 10 spearman in Vigo can wait, or I can send them to Burgos next turn with the archers? But they fight separately. I need them to arrive at the same time to combine? "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So even if I send 10 spearman from Vigo and 2 archers from Porto (arriving at Vigo? No, they would have to be in Vigo to send them together).
To combine them, I must send the archers from Porto to Vigo first (1 turn), then next turn send the combined force from Vigo to Burgos (1 turn).
So:
Turn 16: Build archers in Porto. Send archers from Porto to Vigo.
Turn 17: Archers arrive in Vigo. Send combined force (10 spearman + 2 archers) from Vigo to Burgos.
Turn 18: Combined force arrives at Burgos and fights.
This is a 3-turn plan from now. Acceptable.

What about Madrid?
Turn 16: Coimbra's 6 spearmen, 1 archer arrive at Salamanca. Salamanca builds 2 archers.
Turn 17: Salamanca has 14 spearmen, 6 archers, 2 knights. Send them to Madrid.
Turn 18: Arrive at Madrid and fight. Force: 14*1 + 6*2 + 2*4 = 14+12+8 = 34. Defender force 30. Attacker wins!
This is a 3-turn plan. Good.

What about Murcia?
Turn 16: Send 5 archers from Cordoba to Murcia. They arrive this turn and capture Murcia.
This is a 1-turn plan. Good.

What about Castellon?
Turn 16: Build 1 archer in Teruel.
Turn 17: Send 6 archers, 3 knights from Teruel to Castellon.
Turn 18: Arrive at Castellon and fight. Force: 6*2 + 3*4 = 24. Defender force 23. Attacker wins!
This is a 3-turn plan. Good.

What about the enemy army marching to Cordoba?
My 10 archers from Toledo arrive at Cordoba this turn. The enemy army also arrives.
If the enemy army is strong, my 10 archers will counterattack. If it's weak, it will be repelled.
Either way, Cordoba should remain mine.

Let's check the "plan" text:
"Multi-pronged offensive: Porto takes Burgos, Coimbra reinforces Salamanca for Madrid, Sevilha reinforces Cordoba for Murcia, Toledo reinforces Teruel. Build archers and knights everywhere to sustain the push. Next turn: attack Madrid, Murcia, and hold Teruel."
I need to update this plan.
New plan:
"Reinforce Cordoba from Toledo to hold against enemy attack; send 5 archers to capture weak Murcia. Build archers everywhere, especially Porto and Vigo to combine for Burgos. Coimbra's reinforcements arrive at Salamanca next turn for Madrid attack. Build in Teruel for Castellon attack next turn. Hold the line while expanding in the south and east."

Let's write the "statement" text:
"I am reinforcing my southern and eastern fronts while preparing the central push. Toledo's archers rush to Cordoba to counter the enemy's march, while a detachment takes the weakly held Murcia. In the north, I am building up Porto and Vigo to combine forces for Burgos, and Coimbra's reinforcements will soon allow me to strike Madrid. My economy is strong, and I am building archers and knights across all villages to sustain the campaign."

Let's double check the JSON format.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 3, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 3, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 4, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 5, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 6, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 6, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 7, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 8, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 10, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 9, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 11, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 13, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 4, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 7, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 8, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 10, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 11, "toId": 15, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 5, "knight": 0}}
  ],
  "plan": "Reinforce Cordoba from Toledo to hold against enemy attack; send 5 archers to capture weak Murcia. Build archers everywhere, especially Porto and Vigo to combine for Burgos. Coimbra's reinforcements arrive at Salamanca next turn for Madrid attack. Build in Teruel for Castellon attack next turn. Hold the line while expanding in the south and east.",
  "statement": "I am reinforcing my southern and eastern fronts while preparing the central push. Toledo's archers rush to Cordoba to counter the enemy's march, while a detachment takes the weakly held Murcia. In the north, I am building up Porto and Vigo to combine forces for Burgos, and Coimbra's reinforcements will soon allow me to strike Madrid. My economy is strong, and I am building archers and knights across all villages to sustain the campaign."
}

Let's verify the troop counts and resources.
Badajoz [4] has 7 archers. Sending 7 archers to Toledo [8]. Correct.
Toledo [8] has 10 archers. Sending 10 archers to Cordoba [11]. Correct.
Cordoba [11] has 9 archers. Sending 5 archers to Murcia [15]. Correct.

Let's check if there are any other movements I should make.
What about Sevilha [9]? It has 0 troops. I am building 1 archer there. No movement.
What about Faro [5]? It has 1 archer. I am building 2 archers there. No movement.
What about Lisboa [0]? It has 1 archer. Building 2 archers. No movement.
What about Santarem [1]? 13 archers. Building 2 archers, 1 knight. No movement.
What about Evora [2]? 10 archers. Building 2 archers. No movement.
What about Coimbra [3]? 12 archers, 1 knight. Building 2 archers, 1 knight. Already marching 6 spearmen, 1 archer to Salamanca.
What about Porto [6]? 1 spearman. Building 2 archers, 1 knight. Already marching 12 spearmen to Burgos.
What about Salamanca [7]? 8 spearman, 5 archer, 2 knight. Building 2 archers. No movement.
What about Vigo [10]? 10 spearman. Building 1 archer. No movement.
What about Teruel [13]? 5 archers, 3 knights. Building 1 archer. No movement.

This looks comprehensive and well-planned.
The JSON is valid. I will output only the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"arqueiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":4,"destinoId":8,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":7,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":8,"destinoId":11,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":10,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":11,"destinoId":15,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":5,"cavaleiro":0}}]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [3]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [3]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [4]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [4]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [6]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [6]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [7]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [7]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [8]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [8]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [10]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [9]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [11]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [13]
ACEITO envio [4]->[8]: 7A
ACEITO envio [8]->[11]: 10A
ACEITO envio [11]->[15]: 5A
REJEITADO: construir [1]: recurso insuficiente p/ cavaleiro (tem 10m/100f, custa 30m/30f)
REJEITADO: construir [3]: recurso insuficiente p/ cavaleiro (tem 0m/180f, custa 30m/30f)
REJEITADO: construir [6]: recurso insuficiente p/ cavaleiro (tem 5m/180f, custa 30m/30f)
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Reinforce Cordoba from Toledo to hold against enemy attack; send 5 archers to capture weak Murcia. Build archers everywhere, especially Porto and Vigo to combine for Burgos. Coimbra's reinforcements arrive at Salamanca next turn for Madrid attack. Build in Teruel for Castellon attack next turn. Hold the line while expanding in the south and east.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): I am reinforcing my southern and eastern fronts while preparing the central push. Toledo's archers rush to Cordoba to counter the enemy's march, while a detachment takes the weakly held Murcia. In the north, I am building up Porto and Vigo to combine forces for Burgos, and Coimbra's reinforcements will soon allow me to strike Madrid. My economy is strong, and I am building archers and knights across all villages to sustain the campaign.
########## TURNO 15 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4200 | resposta 23007 | raciocinio 17994 | finish stop | ms 223274
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 12, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 15, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 14, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 14, \"toId\": 10, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 3, \"archer\": 6, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 12, \"toId\": 14, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 3, \"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 19, \"toId\": 14, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 1, \"archer\": 6, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 17, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 5, \"knight\": 4}},\n    {\"fromId\": 20, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 16, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 5, \"archer\": 7, \"knight\": 1}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Attacking Vigo with all Burgos troops; reinforcing Burgos from Madrid and Pamplona to defend against incoming enemy army. Attacking Teruel with Zaragoza and Valencia; reinforcing Zaragoza from Huesca. Building knights and archers everywhere. Next turn: assess Burgos and Teruel, prepare for next pushes (Cordoba, Toledo). Watch for enemy army strength at Burgos.\",\n  \"statement\": \"I am launching a double offensive: Vigo from Burgos and Teruel from Zaragoza/Valencia. I have reinforced Burgos to hold against the enemy army marching there. My builds focus on knights and archers to counter the enemy's archers and spearmen. I expect to capture Vigo and Teruel this turn, bringing me to 13 villages.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B in a strategy game. I need to analyze the current state, make decisions for building and movement, and output a JSON object with the specified fields.

Let's break down the current state:
- I hold 11 of 24 villages. I need 18 for 2 consecutive turns to win, or eliminate all enemy villages.
- Enemy capital is [0] Lisboa, unexplored.
- My villages:
  - [22] Barcelona: 14/300 troops. Available: 6 spearman, 3 archer, 5 knight. Resources: wood 40, iron 20.
  - [21] Tarragona: 10/300. Available: 0 spearman, 4 archer, 6 knight. Resources: wood 30, iron 20.
  - [23] Girona: 13/300. Available: 9 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. Resources: wood 35, iron 120.
  - [18] Castellon: 9/300. Available: 2 spearman, 6 archer, 1 knight. Resources: wood 30, iron 60.
  - [17] Zaragoza: 11/300. Available: 2 spearman, 5 archer, 4 knight. Resources: wood 30, iron 40.
  - [20] Huesca: 10/300. Available: 0 spearman, 7 archer, 3 knight. Resources: wood 30, iron 40.
  - [16] Valencia: 13/300. Available: 5 spearman, 7 archer, 1 knight. Resources: wood 30, iron 50. (1 archer, 1 knight marching to [11] Cordoba).
  - [12] Madrid: 12/300. Available: 6 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight. Resources: wood 30, iron 60.
  - [15] Murcia: 1/300. Available: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight. Resources: wood 30, iron 20.
  - [19] Pamplona: 9/300. Available: 1 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight. Resources: wood 30, iron 40.
  - [14] Burgos: 11/300. Available: 3 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight. Resources: wood 30, iron 20.

- Enemy villages visible:
  - [13] Teruel: 5 archers, 3 knights. Defense 20.
  - [7] Salamanca: 8 spearmen, 5 archers, 2 knights. Defense 38.
  - [8] Toledo: 10 archers. Defense 25.
  - [11] Cordoba: 9 archers. Defense 23.
  - [10] Vigo: 10 spearmen. Defense 25.

- Unexplored: [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto, [3] Coimbra, [9] Sevilha, [5] Faro, [1] Santarem, [0] Lisboa, [2] Evora.

- Armies on march:
  - Mine: 1 archer, 1 knight from [16] to [11] Cordoba, arrives in 1 turn.
  - Enemy: marching toward [14] Burgos (arrives 1 turn), marching toward [7] Salamanca (arrives 1 turn).

- Last turn events:
  - Enemy reinforcements arrived at [11] Cordoba, [13] Teruel, [8] Toledo.
  - I attacked [13] Teruel and [11] Cordoba, both defeats.
  - My reinforcements arrived at various villages.

My plan from last turn was: "Capture Cordoba with Murcia all troops; Valencia sends second wave to Cordoba and reinforces Murcia. Reinforce Burgos from Pamplona/Madrid for Vigo. Build archers (Huesca, Pamplona, Madrid, Castellon) and knights (Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Zaragoza). Flow knights to Madrid for Toledo. Next turn: attack Vigo from Burgos, continue building for Salamanca, assess Toledo."

The map has changed. My attacks on Teruel and Cordoba failed. I lost troops. The enemy is reinforcing.

Let's assess the situation:
- I need to capture villages to reach 18.
- Enemy villages: [13] Teruel, [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [11] Cordoba, [10] Vigo, and unexplored ones.
- My borders: [18] Castellon borders [13] Teruel. [17] Zaragoza borders [13] Teruel. [16] Valencia borders [13] Teruel. [12] Madrid borders [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo. [14] Burgos borders [10] Vigo. [15] Murcia borders [11] Cordoba.

- Enemy army marching toward [14] Burgos. I need to defend Burgos or reinforce it.
- Enemy army marching toward [7] Salamanca. This might be an attack on my [12] Madrid or just moving.

Let's look at the troop counts and attack powers.
- [14] Burgos: 11 troops (3 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight). Effective defense 28. Available to send: 3 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight (attack power 23).
- [10] Vigo: 10 spearmen. Defense 25. To attack Vigo, I need to march from [14] Burgos (1 slow/1 med/1 fast turn). If I send all from Burgos, attack power 23. Vigo defense is 25. Defender gets bonus in village. Wait, defense is 25 (location bonus included). So effective defense is 25. My attack power is 3*1 (spear) + 6*2 (archer) + 2*4 (knight) = 3 + 12 + 8 = 23. Counter: most numerous is archer (6) vs spearman (10). Archer counters spearman? No, spearman counters knight, archer counters spearman, knight counters archer. So archer counters spearman. My archers (6) vs their spearmen (10). Most numerous is spearman for them, archer for me. Tie in count? No, 10 vs 6. The most numerous type of each army sets the counter matchup. My most numerous is archer (6), theirs is spearman (10). Archer counters spearman. So I get the counter bonus! My force is multiplied by 1.5. 23 * 1.5 = 34.5. Their defense is 25. I win. But wait, the rule says: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." My most numerous is archer (6), theirs is spearman (10). Archer counters spearman. So I get the bonus. My effective force is 23 * 1.5 = 34.5. Their effective defense is 25. I win. But I will take losses.

Let's check the other attacks.
- [11] Cordoba: 9 archers. Defense 23. March from [15] Murcia (1 turn) or [16] Valencia (1 turn).
  - From [15] Murcia: 1 archer. Attack power 2. Not enough.
  - From [16] Valencia: 5 spear, 7 archer, 1 knight. Attack power 5*1 + 7*2 + 1*4 = 5 + 14 + 4 = 23. Counter: my most numerous is archer (7), theirs is archer (9). Archer vs archer? No counter. So no bonus. My force 23 vs their defense 23. Tie favors defender. I lose.
  - What if I send more from [16]? I have 5 spear, 7 archer, 1 knight available. That's all. Attack power 23. Not enough.
  - What if I send from [18] Castellon? March from [18] to [11] is not direct. Road network: [18] Castellon -> [13] Teruel -> [8] Toledo -> [11] Cordoba. Or [18] -> [16] -> [15] -> [11]. But [16] and [15] are mine. So I can send from [18] to [16] to reinforce, then to [11]. But that takes turns.
  - What if I send from [17] Zaragoza? [17] -> [13] -> [8] -> [11]. Or [17] -> [12] -> [14] -> ... too long.
  - So attacking Cordoba now is hard.

- [13] Teruel: 5 archers, 3 knights. Defense 20. March from [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon.
  - From [18] Castellon: 2 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight. Attack power 2*1 + 6*2 + 1*4 = 2 + 12 + 4 = 18. Counter: my archer (6) vs their archer (5) and knight (3). Most numerous is archer for both. No counter. My force 18 vs their defense 20. I lose.
  - From [17] Zaragoza: 2 spear, 5 archer, 4 knight. Attack power 2 + 10 + 16 = 28. Counter: my most numerous is archer (5) or knight (4)? Archer (5). Theirs is archer (5). No counter. My force 28 vs their defense 20. I win!
  - From [16] Valencia: 5 spear, 7 archer, 1 knight. Attack power 5 + 14 + 4 = 23. Counter: my archer (7) vs their archer (5). No counter. My force 23 vs their defense 20. I win!
  - So I can attack Teruel from [17] or [16].

- [8] Toledo: 10 archers. Defense 25. March from [12] Madrid (2 slow/1 med/1 fast turns).
  - From [12] Madrid: 6 spear, 5 archer, 1 knight. Attack power 6 + 10 + 4 = 20. Counter: my spear (6) vs their archer (10). Spearman counters knight? No, archer counters spearman. So their archers counter my spearmen? Wait, the rule says: "spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer." So if I have spearmen and they have archers, archers counter spearmen. So they get the bonus! Their defense is 25. With counter bonus, their effective defense might be 25 * 1.5 = 37.5. My force is 20. I lose badly.
  - What if I send knights? Knight counters archer. If I send mostly knights, I get the bonus. But I only have 1 knight at Madrid. I need to build more knights or send from elsewhere.
  - From [12] Madrid, I can send all available: 6 spear, 5 archer, 1 knight. Not enough.
  - What if I send from [14] Burgos? [14] -> [12] -> [8]. Takes turns.
  - What if I send from [17] Zaragoza? [17] -> [13] -> [8]. Or [17] -> [12] -> [8].
  - I need to build up troops.

- [7] Salamanca: 8 spearmen, 5 archers, 2 knights. Defense 38. March from [12] Madrid (1 turn).
  - From [12] Madrid: 6 spear, 5 archer, 1 knight. Attack power 20. Their defense 38. I lose.
  - Need massive reinforcements.

- [10] Vigo: 10 spearmen. Defense 25. March from [14] Burgos (1 turn).
  - From [14] Burgos: 3 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight. Attack power 23. Counter: my archer (6) vs their spearman (10). Archer counters spearman. I get bonus. Effective force 23 * 1.5 = 34.5. Their defense 25. I win!
  - So attacking Vigo from Burgos is a good move.

Let's check the enemy army marching toward [14] Burgos. It arrives in 1 turn. If I send troops from Burgos to attack Vigo, I leave Burgos with fewer troops. The enemy army might attack Burgos. If I leave Burgos empty, the enemy army will arrive and take it? Or fight the garrison? The garrison is what's left. If I send all troops, Burgos has 0 troops. The enemy army will just walk in and take it? The rule says: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". If Burgos is mine but has 0 troops, does the enemy army fight? It says "not yours". If it's mine, they might just pass through? No, "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So if Burgos is mine, they don't stop there? But they are marching toward Burgos. If Burgos is mine, they will fight the garrison (which is 0). They will win and take the village. So I should leave some troops to defend Burgos, or not send all.

Wait, the enemy army is marching toward [14] Burgos. It arrives in 1 turn. If I send troops from Burgos to attack Vigo, they will march and arrive in 1 turn (same time as enemy army arrives at Burgos). The enemy army will fight at Burgos. If I leave some troops, they will defend. If I send all, Burgos has 0 troops, enemy takes it.

Let's calculate the enemy army marching toward Burgos. I don't know its composition. It could be strong. I should reinforce Burgos instead of attacking Vigo? But my plan from last turn said attack Vigo from Burgos.

Let's look at the reinforcements I can build.
Resources per village: wood 30, iron 20 per turn.
Costs: spearman 15 wood, archer 20 wood + 10 iron, knight 30 wood + 30 iron.
I can build in multiple villages.

Let's list my villages and what I can build:
- [22] Barcelona: wood 40, iron 20. Can build: 2 spear (30 wood), or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron), or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron - not enough iron). Actually, wood 40, iron 20. Can build 2 spear (30 wood), or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spear (15 wood) = 35 wood, 10 iron. Or 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron). Let's see: 2 archer costs 40 wood, 20 iron. I have exactly 40 wood, 20 iron. So I can build 2 archers. Or 1 knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron - not enough iron. So build 2 archers.
- [21] Tarragona: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spear (15 wood) = 35 wood, 10 iron. Or 2 spear (30 wood). Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Let's build 1 archer, 1 spear.
- [23] Girona: wood 35, iron 120. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 50 wood, 40 iron. Or 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) - not enough wood. Or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) - wood 35 not enough. Let's build 1 knight, 1 archer. Or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) - wood 35 not enough. So 1 knight, 1 archer? 30+20=50 wood, I have 35. Not enough. 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 5 wood, 90 iron. Can I build a spear? 15 wood, I have 5. No. So just 1 knight. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spear (15 wood) = 35 wood, 10 iron. That works. Let's build 1 archer, 1 spear. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and nothing else? I have 35 wood, so 1 knight is possible. Knights are more valuable. Let's build 1 knight.
- [18] Castellon: wood 30, iron 60. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) - wood 30 not enough. 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spear (15 wood) = 35 wood, 10 iron. Wood 30 not enough. 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaves 10 wood, 50 iron. 1 spear needs 15 wood. So just 1 archer. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 0 wood, 30 iron. That works. Build 1 knight.
- [17] Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 40. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 0 wood, 10 iron. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spear (15 wood) = 35 wood, 10 iron - wood 30 not enough. So 1 knight.
- [20] Huesca: wood 30, iron 40. Same as Zaragoza. Build 1 knight.
- [16] Valencia: wood 30, iron 50. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 0 wood, 20 iron. Or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) - wood 30 not enough. So 1 knight.
- [12] Madrid: wood 30, iron 60. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 0 wood, 30 iron. Or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) - wood 30 not enough. So 1 knight.
- [15] Murcia: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spear (15 wood) = 35 wood, 10 iron - wood 30 not enough. 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaves 10 wood, 10 iron. 1 spear needs 15 wood. So just 1 archer. Or 2 spear (30 wood) leaves 0 wood, 20 iron. That works. Build 2 spearmen? But I need archers/knights more. Let's build 1 archer.
- [19] Pamplona: wood 30, iron 40. Build 1 knight.
- [14] Burgos: wood 30, iron 20. Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spear (15 wood) = 35 wood, 10 iron - wood 30 not enough. 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaves 10 wood, 10 iron. 1 spear needs 15 wood. So just 1 archer. Or 2 spear (30 wood) leaves 0 wood, 20 iron. Build 2 spearmen? Or 1 archer. Let's build 1 archer.

Wait, I need to be efficient. I need to build troops to attack.
Let's prioritize building knights and archers because they have higher attack.
But I also need to consider the counter triangle.
For attacking Vigo (10 spearmen), archers are good (counter bonus).
For attacking Teruel (5 archers, 3 knights), knights are good (counter bonus), or spearmen? Spearman counters knight, archer counters spearman, knight counters archer. So against archers, knights are good. Against knights, spearmen are good. Teruel has both. Most numerous is archers (5). So knights counter them. I should send knights.
For attacking Cordoba (9 archers), knights are good.
For attacking Toledo (10 archers), knights are good.
For attacking Salamanca (8 spearmen, 5 archers, 2 knights), most numerous is spearmen. Archers counter spearmen. So I should send archers.

So I need a mix. Let's build knights where possible, archers where not.

Let's plan movements:
- Enemy army marching toward [14] Burgos. I need to defend it or reinforce it. I can send troops from [12] Madrid or [19] Pamplona to reinforce Burgos. March from [12] to [14] is 1 slow/1 med/1 fast turn? Road network: [12] Madrid - [14] Burgos. Yes, direct road. March from [19] Pamplona to [14] Burgos: [19] -> [14] direct road. So I can reinforce Burgos from Madrid or Pamplona.
- Enemy army marching toward [7] Salamanca. This might be an attack on my [12] Madrid? Or just moving. I should reinforce Madrid.

Let's check the march distances:
- [12] Madrid to [14] Burgos: road direct. Distance? Not given, but likely 1 turn for fast, 2 for slow. The report says "from here to your nearest border village [14] Burgos: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for [19] Pamplona. For [12] Madrid, it borders [7] and [8]. To [14] Burgos, it's probably similar.
- [19] Pamplona to [14] Burgos: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

So I can send reinforcements to Burgos from Madrid or Pamplona.

Let's decide on attacks:
- Attack [10] Vigo from [14] Burgos. I need to leave enough troops to defend Burgos against the incoming enemy army. If I send all 11 troops from Burgos, attack power 23, but Burgos will be empty. The enemy army arrives in 1 turn. If Burgos is empty, they take it. So I should leave some troops. How many? I don't know the enemy army size. But I can send some and leave some.
- Attack [13] Teruel from [17] Zaragoza or [16] Valencia. I can send from both.
- Attack [11] Cordoba from [16] Valencia. But I need more troops. I can send from [18] Castellon to [16] Valencia to reinforce, then to [11]. But that takes 2 turns. Or I can send from [15] Murcia, but it only has 1 archer.

Let's look at the available troops at each village:
- [14] Burgos: 3 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight. I want to attack Vigo. I need to send a force that can beat Vigo (10 spearmen, defense 25). My force needs to be strong. If I send 3 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight, attack power 23, with counter bonus (archer vs spear) = 34.5, wins. But I need to leave some for defense. If I leave 1 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight, defense is low but maybe enough? Let's say I send 2 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight. Attack power 2 + 8 + 4 = 14. Counter bonus: archer (4) vs spear (10). Archer counters spear. 14 * 1.5 = 21. Their defense 25. I lose. So I need to send most of my troops to win. If I send 3 spear, 5 archer, 2 knight = 3 + 10 + 8 = 21. Counter bonus: 21 * 1.5 = 31.5. Wins. But I leave 0 spear, 1 archer, 0 knight. That's 1 archer left. Defense of Burgos with 1 archer is low. The enemy army might take it.
- What if I reinforce Burgos from Madrid? Madrid has 6 spear, 5 archer, 1 knight. I can send some to Burgos. Then Burgos has more troops, and I can send the rest to Vigo.
- Let's say I send from Madrid to Burgos: 3 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight. Then Burgos has 3+3=6 spear, 6+3=9 archer, 2+1=3 knight. Total 18 troops. Then I can send from Burgos to Vigo: 4 spear, 7 archer, 2 knight? Attack power 4 + 14 + 8 = 26. Counter bonus: 26 * 1.5 = 39. Wins easily. But march takes 1 turn. Madrid to Burgos takes 1 turn. Burgos to Vigo takes 1 turn. So if I send from Madrid to Burgos now, they arrive next turn. Then I can send from Burgos to Vigo next turn. But the enemy army arrives at Burgos this turn! So if I send from Madrid to Burgos now, they arrive next turn, but the enemy army arrives this turn. So Burgos will fight the enemy army with its current troops (11). If I send some from Burgos to Vigo now, Burgos has fewer troops for defense. This is a dilemma.

Wait, the enemy army is marching toward [14] Burgos, arrives in 1 turn. That means it arrives THIS turn? The report says "arrives in 1 turn". Since it's turn 15, it arrives on turn 16? Or does it mean it arrives at the end of this turn? The rules say: "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." So the enemy army is already on the march and will arrive at Burgos at the same time as my orders execute. So if I send troops from Burgos to Vigo, they will leave Burgos, and the enemy army will arrive at Burgos and fight the remaining garrison. If I send all, Burgos is empty, enemy takes it. If I leave some, they fight.

I need to know the enemy army size. I don't. But I can guess it's not huge. Maybe I can send a portion to Vigo and leave enough to defend.

Let's calculate the defense of Burgos. Effective defense 28 (location bonus included). If I leave 1 archer, defense is much lower. If I leave 3 spear, 2 archer, defense is higher.

What if I don't attack Vigo this turn? Instead, I reinforce Burgos and prepare for next turn. My plan from last turn said "Next turn: attack Vigo from Burgos". But the situation has changed: enemy army is marching toward Burgos. I should defend first.

Let's re-read the enemy army info: "enemy army marching toward [14] Burgos, arrives in 1 turn". It doesn't say how many troops. I can assume it's a standard army. Maybe 10-20 troops.

Let's look at the other enemy army: "enemy army marching toward [7] Salamanca, arrives in 1 turn". Salamanca is enemy territory. Why is an enemy army marching toward Salamanca? Maybe it's a reinforcement? Or an attack from my side? I don't have troops near Salamanca except Madrid. Maybe the enemy is moving troops from one village to another. So it's not an attack on me.

So the army marching toward Burgos is likely an attack on Burgos. I should defend.

Let's consider the big picture. I have 11 villages. I need 18. I need to capture 7 more. The enemy has at least 13 villages (24 total, I have 11, so 13 enemy). But some are unexplored. The enemy capital is Lisboa. I don't need to take it, but I need to eliminate enemy villages or hold 18.

Capturing villages is the way. I need to attack successfully.

Let's list the enemy villages and their defenses:
- [13] Teruel: 5 archers, 3 knights. Defense 20.
- [7] Salamanca: 8 spearmen, 5 archers, 2 knights. Defense 38.
- [8] Toledo: 10 archers. Defense 25.
- [11] Cordoba: 9 archers. Defense 23.
- [10] Vigo: 10 spearmen. Defense 25.
- Unexplored: [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto, [3] Coimbra, [9] Sevilha, [5] Faro, [1] Santarem, [0] Lisboa, [2] Evora.

I can see [13], [7], [8], [11], [10]. The unexplored ones might have troops too.

My current troops at home: 113 soldiers. I can build more.

Let's think about the most efficient attacks.
- Vigo: 10 spearmen. I can beat it with archers from Burgos. But I need to defend Burgos.
- Teruel: 5 archers, 3 knights. I can beat it with knights from Zaragoza or Valencia.
- Cordoba: 9 archers. I can beat it with knights, but I need to gather them.
- Toledo: 10 archers. I need knights.
- Salamanca: 8 spearmen, 5 archers, 2 knights. I need archers and knights.

I should focus on one attack at a time to avoid spreading too thin.

Let's look at the march distances:
- From [17] Zaragoza to [13] Teruel: 1 slow/1 med/1 fast turn? The report says "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel" for [17] Zaragoza? Actually, the report says for [17] Zaragoza: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel" is not listed, but [17] borders [13]. The road network shows [17] Zaragoza - [13] Teruel. So it's a direct road. Distance? Probably 1 turn for fast, 2 for slow.
- From [16] Valencia to [13] Teruel: [16] - [13] direct. Distance similar.
- From [14] Burgos to [10] Vigo: [14] - [10] direct. Distance: 1 slow/1 med/1 fast turns (from report: "from here to your nearest border village [10] Vigo" for [14] Burgos? Actually, the report says for [14] Burgos: "from here to your nearest border village [10] Vigo" is not explicitly stated, but the road network shows [14] - [10]. The "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" section says "march from [14] Burgos: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for [10] Vigo. So yes, 1 turn for fast troops.

So attacks on Teruel and Vigo can be launched in 1 turn (for fast troops).

Let's consider the enemy army marching toward Burgos. If I send troops from Burgos to Vigo, they will march and arrive in 1 turn. The enemy army arrives at Burgos in 1 turn. So the battle at Burgos happens at the same time as the battle at Vigo. If I send enough troops to Vigo to win, and leave enough at Burgos to defend, I can win both. But I don't know the enemy army size.

What if I send all troops from Burgos to Vigo, and also send reinforcements from Madrid to Burgos? Madrid to Burgos takes 1 turn. So the reinforcements arrive at Burgos next turn, but the enemy army arrives this turn. So Burgos would be empty this turn, enemy takes it. Then next turn my reinforcements arrive at an enemy-held Burgos? They would stop and fight. So that's bad.

What if I send some troops from Burgos to Vigo, and leave the rest? Let's say I leave 2 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight. Their defense: 2*2 (spear) + 2*2 (archer) + 1*2 (knight) = 4+4+2 = 10. Plus location bonus? The effective defense in the report already includes location bonus. For Burgos, it's 28 with 11 troops. If I leave 5 troops, the defense will be lower. The report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 28". That's for the current garrison. If I remove troops, the defense decreases. The rule: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins." Effective force is attack for attacker, defense for defender. Defense counts x1.25 in a village. So if I leave 5 troops, their defense is (sum of defense values) * 1.25. Spear defense 2, archer defense 2, knight defense 2. So 5 troops have defense 10. *1.25 = 12.5. That's much lower than 28. The enemy army might easily defeat them.

I need to keep Burgos strong. So maybe I shouldn't attack Vigo this turn. Instead, I should reinforce Burgos and wait for the enemy army to arrive, then defeat it. Or I can attack Vigo with a small force and keep a large force for defense.

Let's look at the enemy army marching toward Burgos. It might be a small force. If I keep 6 troops, defense might be enough.

Another idea: I can send troops from Madrid to attack Salamanca? No, Salamanca is enemy, but it's strong. I need to build up.

Let's look at my building capabilities. I can build troops this turn. They will be ready next turn. So I can build this turn, and use them next turn.

Let's plan for next turn:
- Build knights and archers in as many villages as possible.
- Reinforce Burgos from Madrid and Pamplona.
- Attack Teruel from Zaragoza and Valencia.
- Attack Vigo from Burgos (if I have enough troops after reinforcement).

But the enemy army arrives at Burgos this turn. So I need to decide on movements for this turn.

Movements this turn:
- From [12] Madrid: send troops to [14] Burgos to reinforce. March takes 1 turn. They arrive next turn? Wait, "arrives in 1 turn" means they arrive at the end of this turn? The report says "march from [x]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". If I send fast troops, they arrive in 1 turn. That means they are on the road during this turn and arrive at the destination at the same time as the enemy army? The rules: "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS". So if I order a march of 1 turn, the troops leave their village and arrive at the destination at the end of the turn. The enemy army also arrives at Burgos at the end of the turn. So if I send reinforcements from Madrid to Burgos, they will arrive at Burgos at the same time as the enemy army. They will fight together? The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if I send from Madrid to Burgos, and the enemy army arrives at Burgos, they will fight the enemy army? Or do they arrive and join the garrison before the fight? The rule says: "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So they arrive and join the garrison. Then the enemy army arrives and fights the garrison (which now includes the reinforcements). But the rule also says: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This applies to attacking an enemy village. For reinforcing your own village, they join the garrison. So if I send from Madrid to Burgos, they arrive and join the garrison. Then the enemy army arrives and fights the combined garrison. That's good!

So I can reinforce Burgos from Madrid this turn, and they will help defend against the enemy army.

Similarly, I can send from [19] Pamplona to [14] Burgos.

Let's check the march distances:
- [12] Madrid to [14] Burgos: road direct. Distance? Not specified, but likely 1 turn for fast, 2 for slow. The report says for [19] Pamplona: "from here to your nearest border village [14] Burgos: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So 1 turn for fast. For Madrid, it's probably similar. Let's assume 1 turn for fast troops.
- [19] Pamplona to [14] Burgos: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

So I can send knights from Madrid and Pamplona to Burgos, and they will arrive in 1 turn (this turn) and join the garrison before the enemy army arrives? Wait, the enemy army "arrives in 1 turn" means it arrives at the end of this turn. My reinforcements also arrive at the end of this turn. The order of events: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up... each send fights alone, one at a time." But for defense, the garrison is the sum of all troops in the village. If my reinforcements arrive at the same time as the enemy army, do they arrive before the fight? The rules don't specify the exact sequence. But logically, if both arrive at the end of the turn, the defenders might get the reinforcements before the battle. I'll assume they do.

So I can send reinforcements to Burgos from Madrid and Pamplona.

Let's decide what to send:
- From [12] Madrid: I have 6 spear, 5 archer, 1 knight. I want to send some to Burgos. I should send the knight and archers, since they are more useful. Let's send 3 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight. Attack power 3+6+4=13. But for defense, they add to the garrison. Leave 3 spear, 2 archer, 0 knight at Madrid. Madrid's defense is currently 30. With fewer troops, it drops. But Madrid borders [7] and [8], so it might be attacked. I should leave some troops.
- From [19] Pamplona: 1 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight. Send 1 spear, 3 archer, 2 knight to Burgos. Leave 0 spear, 3 archer, 0 knight. Pamplona is interior, no enemy border. So it's safe.
- From [14] Burgos: I want to attack Vigo. I have 3 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight. If I send them to Vigo, Burgos will have only the reinforcements from Madrid and Pamplona. Let's calculate: Madrid sends 3 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight. Pamplona sends 1 spear, 3 archer, 2 knight. Total reinforcements: 4 spear, 6 archer, 3 knight. That's 13 troops. Plus the original 11? No, if I send all from Burgos, the original 11 are gone. So Burgos garrison after reinforcement: 13 troops. Their defense: 4*2 + 6*2 + 3*2 = 8+12+6 = 26. With location bonus (x1.25 in village? Wait, defense counts x1.25 in a village. The effective defense in the report already includes the bonus. So if I have 13 troops with base defense 26, effective defense is 26 * 1.25 = 32.5. That's higher than the current 28? Actually, the current 11 troops have effective defense 28. 11 troops base defense 22. 22 * 1.25 = 27.5, rounded to 28. So 13 troops base defense 26, effective 32.5. So defense increases! That's good.
- But wait, if I send all from Burgos to Vigo, they will march and fight Vigo. The attack power: 3 spear (3), 6 archer (12), 2 knight (8) = 23. Counter: my most numerous is archer (6), theirs is spearman (10). Archer counters spearman. 23 * 1.5 = 34.5. Vigo defense 25. I win. I will take losses but win.
- Then Burgos has 13 troops (4 spear, 6 archer, 3 knight) to defend against the enemy army. Effective defense ~32.5. That might be enough.

What about the enemy army marching toward Burgos? I don't know its strength. But if it's a typical army, maybe 10-15 troops. With my 13 troops, I might defend successfully.

Let's also consider attacking Teruel. From [17] Zaragoza: 2 spear, 5 archer, 4 knight. Attack power 2+10+16=28. Teruel defense 20. Counter: my most numerous is archer (5) or knight (4)? Archer (5). Theirs is archer (5). No counter. 28 vs 20, I win. But I leave Zaragoza with 0 troops? Zaragoza borders [13] Teruel. If I send all, Zaragoza is empty. Is Zaragoza safe? It borders enemy, but no enemy army is marching toward it. It might be safe for now. But I should leave some troops to hold it. If I leave 1 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight, then I send 1 spear, 3 archer, 3 knight. Attack power 1+6+12=19. Counter: archer (3) vs archer (5). No counter. 19 vs 20, I lose. So I need to send most of Zaragoza's troops to win. If I send all, attack power 28, win. But Zaragoza is empty. Next turn I can reinforce it.

From [16] Valencia: 5 spear, 7 archer, 1 knight. Attack power 5+14+4=23. Teruel defense 20. Counter: archer (7) vs archer (5). No counter. 23 vs 20, I win. But I leave Valencia with 0 troops? Valencia borders [13] Teruel. Also, I have 1 archer, 1 knight marching to [11] Cordoba from Valencia. They are already on the march. So Valencia's available troops are what's left at home. If I send all available, Valencia is empty. But I have troops marching in? The 1 archer, 1 knight are marching to Cordoba, so they are not at Valencia. If I send all from Valencia, it's empty. That's risky.

I could attack Teruel from both Zaragoza and Valencia? But they fight alone. So I should pick one.

Let's think about the overall strategy. I need to capture villages. Vigo and Teruel are the easiest. Vigo has only spearmen, which archers counter. Teruel has archers and knights, which knights counter.

I also need to consider the enemy reinforcements. Last turn, enemy got reinforcements at Cordoba, Teruel, Toledo. They are building up.

Maybe I should focus on one front. Let's look at the map.
My villages:
- North: Burgos, Pamplona, Huesca, Zaragoza, Girona, Tarragona, Barcelona, Castellon, Valencia, Madrid, Murcia.
- Enemy: Vigo (northwest), Salamanca (west), Toledo (west), Cordoba (south), Teruel (east).

I have a large territory. I need to expand.

Let's plan for this turn:
- Build troops in all villages that can afford them. Prioritize knights and archers.
- Send reinforcements to Burgos from Madrid and Pamplona.
- Send all troops from Burgos to attack Vigo.
- Send all troops from Zaragoza to attack Teruel.
- Send all troops from Valencia to attack Teruel? Or maybe attack Cordoba? But Cordoba has 9 archers, defense 23. Valencia has 5 spear, 7 archer, 1 knight = 23 attack. No counter. Tie goes to defender. So I lose. So don't attack Cordoba from Valencia.
- What about from [18] Castellon? Castellon has 2 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight = 18 attack. Not enough.
- What about from [17] Zaragoza to Teruel? 28 attack, wins.
- What about from [16] Valencia to Teruel? 23 attack, wins.
- I can send from both to Teruel, but they fight alone. So I should send the larger force. Zaragoza has 28 attack, Valencia has 23. Zaragoza is stronger. So send from Zaragoza.
- But if I send from Zaragoza, I leave it empty. I can reinforce Zaragoza from Huesca or Girona? Huesca to Zaragoza: road? [20] Huesca - [17] Zaragoza. Yes, direct. Girona to Zaragoza: [23] Girona - [20] Huesca - [17] Zaragoza. Or [23] - [22] - [21] - [17]? Road network: [23] Girona - [20] Huesca, [20] - [17] Zaragoza. So Girona can send to Huesca then Zaragoza, but that takes 2 turns. Huesca can send directly to Zaragoza in 1 turn? Huesca to Zaragoza: [20] - [17]. Distance? Probably 1 turn. So I can reinforce Zaragoza from Huesca.
- Similarly, I can reinforce Valencia from Castellon or Murcia.

Let's list the possible reinforcements:
- Huesca to Zaragoza: Huesca has 0 spear, 7 archer, 3 knight. Send some to Zaragoza.
- Castellon to Valencia: Castellon has 2 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight. Send to Valencia.
- Murcia to Valencia: Murcia has 0 spear, 1 archer, 0 knight. Not much.

Let's decide on a coherent plan.

Plan for this turn:
1. Build troops:
   - Barcelona: 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron)
   - Tarragona: 1 archer, 1 spear (35 wood, 10 iron) - wait, wood 30, not enough for 35. So 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 0 spear? Or 2 spear (30 wood). Let's build 1 archer.
   - Girona: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) - wood 35, iron 120. Can also build 1 archer? 20 wood, 10 iron. Total 50 wood, 40 iron. I have 35 wood. So only 1 knight or 1 archer+1 spear (35 wood). Let's build 1 knight.
   - Castellon: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) - wood 30, iron 60. Yes.
   - Zaragoza: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) - wood 30, iron 40. Yes.
   - Huesca: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) - wood 30, iron 40. Yes.
   - Valencia: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) - wood 30, iron 50. Yes.
   - Madrid: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) - wood 30, iron 60. Yes.
   - Murcia: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) - wood 30, iron 20. Yes.
   - Pamplona: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) - wood 30, iron 40. Yes.
   - Burgos: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) - wood 30, iron 20. Yes.

2. Movements:
   - From [14] Burgos: send all available troops (3 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight) to attack [10] Vigo. This will leave Burgos empty initially, but reinforcements will arrive from Madrid and Pamplona.
   - From [12] Madrid: send 3 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight to [14] Burgos for defense.
   - From [19] Pamplona: send 1 spear, 3 archer, 2 knight to [14] Burgos for defense.
   - From [17] Zaragoza: send all available troops (2 spear, 5 archer, 4 knight) to attack [13] Teruel. Leave Zaragoza empty.
   - From [20] Huesca: send 0 spear, 3 archer, 2 knight to [17] Zaragoza for defense.
   - From [16] Valencia: send all available troops (5 spear, 7 archer, 1 knight) to attack [13] Teruel? Or maybe send to [11] Cordoba? But Cordoba is too strong. Let's send to [13] Teruel as a second wave? But they fight alone. So if I send from Zaragoza and Valencia to Teruel, they fight separately. The first one (Zaragoza) might win, then the second one (Valencia) might arrive and fight the weakened Teruel? Or they fight in the same turn? "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if both arrive at Teruel in the same turn, they fight one after the other. The first fight happens, then the second fight happens with the result of the first? Or both fights happen simultaneously? The rule says "one at a time". So likely the first fight resolves, then the second fight uses the new garrison strength. So if Zaragoza attacks and wins, Teruel's garrison is reduced. Then Valencia's attack fights the reduced garrison. That could work! But if Zaragoza loses, then Valencia attacks the original garrison. It's risky.

   Let's check the timing. Zaragoza to Teruel: 1 turn. Valencia to Teruel: 1 turn. So both arrive in 1 turn. They will fight one at a time. The order might be based on something. If Zaragoza fights first and wins, Teruel's garrison becomes 0 (if I kill all). Then Valencia arrives and fights 0 troops, wins easily. But the rule says "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So Zaragoza will take losses. Then Valencia fights an empty village? Actually, if Zaragoza wins and takes the village, it becomes mine. Then Valencia's troops arrive at a village I own, so they join the garrison? No, they are ordered to attack [13] Teruel. If [13] is already mine, they would just march there and join? But the order was to attack. The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". If [13] is now mine, they might pass through? But they were ordered to [13]. If [13] is mine, they arrive and join the garrison. So that works.

   But if Zaragoza loses, then Valencia attacks the original garrison. So it's better to send a strong force first.

   Let's see if Zaragoza can win. Zaragoza: 2 spear, 5 archer, 4 knight. Attack 28. Teruel: 5 archer, 3 knight. Defense 20. Counter: Zaragoza's most numerous is archer (5) or knight (4)? Archer (5). Teruel's most numerous is archer (5). No counter. 28 vs 20, Zaragoza wins. But Teruel's defense is 20. Zaragoza's attack is 28. The difference is 8. Zaragoza will take losses. How many? "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So Zaragoza loses some troops. Then Teruel's garrison is reduced. If Zaragoza kills all 8 troops, Teruel is empty. Then Valencia arrives and takes it without a fight. But Valencia has 5 spear, 7 archer, 1 knight. That's a lot of troops to send for no fight. Maybe I should send Valencia to somewhere else, like reinforce Murcia or attack Cordoba? But Cordoba is strong.

   What if I send Valencia to attack [11] Cordoba? Cordoba: 9 archers, defense 23. Valencia: 5 spear, 7 archer, 1 knight = 23 attack. No counter. Tie goes to defender. Valencia loses. So no.

   What if I send Valencia to reinforce [15] Murcia? Murcia is near Cordoba. But Murcia only has 1 archer. Not useful.

   What if I send Valencia to [18] Castellon to reinforce, then next turn attack Cordoba? That takes time.

   Let's focus on the immediate threats and opportunities.

   Enemy army marching toward Burgos. I need to ensure Burgos holds.
   Enemy army marching toward Salamanca. That's enemy territory, so it's probably a reinforcement or movement. It doesn't directly threaten me.

   So my main concern is Burgos.

   Let's calculate the Burgos defense after my planned reinforcements.
   - Madrid sends: 3 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight. (Total 7 troops)
   - Pamplona sends: 1 spear, 3 archer, 2 knight. (Total 6 troops)
   - Total reinforcements: 4 spear, 6 archer, 3 knight = 13 troops.
   - Burgos original garrison: 11 troops. But I'm sending them all to Vigo. So Burgos garrison after sending: 0.
   - Reinforcements arrive: 13 troops.
   - So Burgos will have 13 troops to fight the enemy army.
   - Effective defense of 13 troops: base defense 26, with village bonus x1.25 = 32.5. The report says effective defense is 28 for 11 troops. So for 13 troops, it should be higher. Let's estimate 32-33.
   - Can the enemy army beat 32 defense? I don't know their strength. But if they are a typical army, maybe they have 15-20 attack power. If they have archers and knights, they might win. But it's a risk.

   What if I don't send all from Burgos? I could leave some troops and send a smaller force to Vigo. But then I might not win Vigo.
   Let's see if I can win Vigo with a smaller force.
   Vigo: 10 spearmen, defense 25.
   If I send 2 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight = attack 2+8+4=14. Counter: archer (4) vs spear (10). Archer counters spearman. 14 * 1.5 = 21. 21 vs 25, I lose.
   If I send 3 spear, 5 archer, 1 knight = 3+10+4=17. Counter: 17 * 1.5 = 25.5 vs 25. I win, but barely. And I leave 0 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight at Burgos. That's 2 troops. Defense very low.
   If I send 3 spear, 5 archer, 2 knight = 3+10+8=21. Counter: 21 * 1.5 = 31.5 vs 25. Win. Leave 0 spear, 1 archer, 0 knight. 1 troop.
   So to win Vigo, I need to send most of Burgos's troops. If I leave only 1 archer, Burgos defense is 2 * 1.25 = 2.5. The enemy army will easily take it. So I must rely on reinforcements arriving at the same time.

   Do the reinforcements arrive before the enemy army? The rule: "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." If they arrive at the end of the turn, and the enemy army also arrives at the end of the turn, the order might matter. But since both are simultaneous, I'll assume the reinforcements join the garrison before the enemy army attacks. So Burgos will have 13 troops.

   Let's check the march times. Madrid to Burgos: 1 turn for fast troops. Pamplona to Burgos: 1 turn for fast troops. So if I send knights from Madrid and Pamplona, they arrive in 1 turn. The enemy army arrives in 1 turn. So they arrive at the same time. I'll assume they combine.

   What about the troops I send from Burgos to Vigo? They march 1 turn. They arrive at Vigo at the end of the turn. The enemy army arrives at Burgos at the end of the turn. So both battles happen simultaneously.

   Let's also consider the enemy army marching toward Salamanca. It might be a threat to Madrid if it turns around, but it's marching toward Salamanca, which is enemy. So probably not a threat.

   Now, what about Zaragoza and Teruel?
   If I send all from Zaragoza to Teruel, Zaragoza is empty. I can reinforce Zaragoza from Huesca. Huesca to Zaragoza: 1 turn. So if I send from Huesca now, they arrive at the same time as the battle at Teruel? No, they arrive at Zaragoza at the end of the turn. But Zaragoza is empty, so they just occupy it. That's fine.
   But if I send all from Zaragoza, they fight Teruel. If they win, they take Teruel. Then Zaragoza has reinforcements from Huesca.

   What about Valencia? If I don't send them, they stay. Valencia borders Teruel. If I take Teruel, Valencia becomes interior. But if I leave Valencia with troops, they can build up.

   Let's decide on Valencia. I could send Valencia to attack Teruel as a second wave. But as I said, if Zaragoza wins, Teruel is mine, and Valencia's troops will just arrive and join the garrison. That's a waste of an attack order, but it's not harmful. However, if Zaragoza loses, Valencia attacks the original garrison. So it's a backup. But I want to use Valencia's troops elsewhere. Maybe I can send Valencia to attack [11] Cordoba? But we saw that's a tie/loss. What about sending Valencia to [15] Murcia to reinforce? Murcia is near Cordoba. Or send Valencia to [18] Castellon? Not useful.

   Actually, I have another option: attack Cordoba from Valencia and Murcia combined? But they fight alone. So I can't combine them.

   Let's look at the unexplored villages. Maybe there are weak villages I can take. But I can't see them.

   Let's focus on the moves I can make this turn.

   Proposed moves:
   - Build: as many knights and archers as possible.
   - Attack Vigo from Burgos (all troops).
   - Reinforce Burgos from Madrid and Pamplona.
   - Attack Teruel from Zaragoza (all troops).
   - Reinforce Zaragoza from Huesca.
   - What about Valencia? Send them to Teruel as a second wave? Or send them to Murcia to reinforce for future Cordoba attack? Or send them to Castellon? Let's send them to Teruel as a second wave. If Zaragoza wins, they join the garrison. If Zaragoza loses, they fight. It's a safe bet.
   - What about the 1 archer, 1 knight marching from Valencia to Cordoba? They are already on the march. I can't cancel them. They will arrive at Cordoba next turn? The report says "already marching out (NOT available): 1 archer, 1 knight" from Valencia to [11] Cordoba, arrives in 1 turn. So they arrive this turn. They will attack Cordoba? Or arrive and fight? They were ordered last turn to attack Cordoba. They will arrive and fight Cordoba's garrison. Cordoba has 9 archers, defense 23. My 1 archer, 1 knight have attack 2+4=6. They will lose. So that attack is doomed. But I can't change it. So those troops are lost.

   Let's check the other marches. The report says "YOURS: - 1 archer, 1 knight: [16] -> [11], arrives in 1 turn". So they arrive this turn. They will fight Cordoba and lose. That's a waste, but it happened last turn.

   So this turn, I can only give new orders.

   Let's refine the plan.

   Build orders:
   - [22] Barcelona: 2 archer (cost 40 wood, 20 iron). I have 40 wood, 20 iron. Perfect.
   - [21] Tarragona: 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron). I have 30 wood, 20 iron. Leaves 10 wood, 10 iron. Can also build 1 spear? 15 wood, not enough. So just 1 archer.
   - [23] Girona: 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). I have 35 wood, 120 iron. Leaves 5 wood, 90 iron. Can't build anything else (spear needs 15 wood). So 1 knight.
   - [18] Castellon: 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). I have 30 wood, 60 iron. Leaves 0 wood, 30 iron.
   - [17] Zaragoza: 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). I have 30 wood, 40 iron. Leaves 0 wood, 10 iron.
   - [20] Huesca: 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). I have 30 wood, 40 iron. Leaves 0 wood, 10 iron.
   - [16] Valencia: 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). I have 30 wood, 50 iron. Leaves 0 wood, 20 iron.
   - [12] Madrid: 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). I have 30 wood, 60 iron. Leaves 0 wood, 30 iron.
   - [15] Murcia: 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron). I have 30 wood, 20 iron. Leaves 10 wood, 10 iron.
   - [19] Pamplona: 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). I have 30 wood, 40 iron. Leaves 0 wood, 10 iron.
   - [14] Burgos: 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron). I have 30 wood, 20 iron. Leaves 10 wood, 10 iron.

   Movement orders:
   - From [14] Burgos to [10] Vigo: send all available: 3 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight. (Attack power 23, with counter 34.5, wins).
   - From [12] Madrid to [14] Burgos: send 3 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. (Reinforce Burgos).
   - From [19] Pamplona to [14] Burgos: send 1 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight. (Reinforce Burgos).
   - From [17] Zaragoza to [13] Teruel: send all available: 2 spearman, 5 archer, 4 knight. (Attack power 28, wins).
   - From [20] Huesca to [17] Zaragoza: send 0 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight. (Reinforce Zaragoza).
   - From [16] Valencia to [13] Teruel: send all available: 5 spearman, 7 archer, 1 knight. (Second wave, attack power 23). But wait, if Zaragoza wins, Teruel is mine, and Valencia's troops will arrive at a friendly village. That's fine. But if Zaragoza loses, Valencia attacks the original garrison. However, I'm not sure Zaragoza can win without losses. Let's double-check the math.

   Zaragoza vs Teruel:
   Zaragoza: 2 spear (attack 1 each), 5 archer (attack 2 each), 4 knight (attack 4 each). Total attack = 2*1 + 5*2 + 4*4 = 2 + 10 + 16 = 28.
   Teruel: 5 archer (defense 2 each), 3 knight (defense 2 each). Total defense = 5*2 + 3*2 = 10 + 6 = 16. But effective defense is 20 (location bonus included). So the defense is already boosted. The rule says: "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again." So Teruel's defense is 20.
   Counter: Zaragoza's most numerous is archer (5). Teruel's most numerous is archer (5). Archer vs archer: no counter. So no bonus.
   Zaragoza force 28 vs Teruel defense 20. Zaragoza wins.
   Losses: Zaragoza takes losses equal to Teruel's effective force? "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." The loser's effective force is their defense? Or attack? The rule: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs." So the loser's effective force is their defense (since they are defending). So Zaragoza takes losses equal to Teruel's defense? That would be 20 losses. But Zaragoza only has 11 troops. So they would all die? That can't be right. Let's read carefully: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." It probably means the winner loses some troops, but not all. The exact formula isn't given, but typically it's a fraction. I'll assume the winner takes significant losses but not annihilation. In any case, Zaragoza will be weakened. If Zaragoza wins but is reduced to, say, 5 troops, then Teruel's garrison is also reduced (maybe to 0 if all killed). Then Valencia arrives and fights a possibly empty or weak Teruel. That could work.

   But what if I send Valencia to Teruel as well, and they fight in sequence? The rule: "each send fights alone, one at a time." So first Zaragoza fights. If Zaragoza wins, Teruel's garrison is reduced. Then Valencia fights the new garrison. If Teruel's garrison is wiped out, Valencia fights 0 troops and wins without loss. So sending Valencia as a second wave is good because it secures the victory and occupies the village.

   However, I need to consider the march time. Both Zaragoza and Valencia take 1 turn to reach Teruel. So they arrive at the same time. The order of fights might be determined by something. I'll assume the stronger one fights first? Or maybe I can choose the order? The rules don't specify. To be safe, I should send the stronger one first. But since they are from different villages, I can't control the order if they arrive simultaneously. The rule says "one at a time", so there is an order. I'll assume the game processes them in some order. If Zaragoza goes first and wins, Valencia benefits. If Valencia goes first, it might lose, then Zaragoza fights the original garrison. But Valencia's attack is 23 vs 20 defense, so it would lose. Then Zaragoza fights the original 20 defense and wins. So either way, Zaragoza wins the overall battle? Actually, if Valencia goes first and loses, Teruel's garrison might be unchanged (since Valencia lost, but did Teruel take losses? The winner takes losses, so Teruel takes losses from Valencia's attack? No, the winner takes losses against the loser's effective force. So if Valencia loses, Teruel (the defender) takes losses? Wait, the rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So the winner always takes losses. If Valencia attacks and loses, Teruel is the winner, so Teruel takes losses against Valencia's effective force? That would mean Teruel's garrison is reduced even though they won. That seems odd. Let's re-read: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER. The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So the winner loses some troops, but the loser is destroyed? "The losing army is destroyed entirely" is said for open-field battles. For village attacks, it says "the winner also takes losses". It doesn't explicitly say the loser is destroyed, but typically the loser is defeated and the village is captured. I think the loser's army is destroyed, and the winner takes some losses. So if Valencia loses, Valencia's army is destroyed, and Teruel's garrison is reduced by some amount. Then Zaragoza attacks and fights the reduced garrison. So it's still possible Zaragoza wins.

   To maximize the chance of success, I should send the strongest force. Zaragoza has 28 attack, Valencia has 23. So Zaragoza is stronger. I'll send both, but the order might matter. If I could, I'd send Valencia first as a sacrifice to weaken Teruel, then Zaragoza to finish. But I can't control the order. So I'll send both and hope.

   Actually, I can send Valencia to a different target. What about [11] Cordoba? We saw it's a tie/loss. What about [8] Toledo? Toledo: 10 archers, defense 25. Valencia: 5 spear, 7 archer, 1 knight = 23 attack. Counter: my archer (7) vs their archer (10). No counter. 23 vs 25, I lose. So no.
   What about sending Valencia to reinforce Madrid? Madrid is near Salamanca and Toledo. But Madrid has enough troops for now.
   What about sending Valencia to [15] Murcia? Murcia is near Cordoba. But Murcia only has 1 archer. Sending Valencia to Murcia would reinforce it for future Cordoba attack. But Cordoba is still strong.

   Let's think about the big picture. I need to capture 7 more villages. The easiest are Vigo and Teruel. After that, I'll have 13 villages. Then I need 5 more. The next targets could be Cordoba, Toledo, Salamanca, and the unexplored ones.

   If I take Vigo and Teruel, I'll have 13. Then I can build up and attack further.

   Let's check the enemy capital Lisboa. It's unexplored. I don't need to take it, but it might be heavily guarded.

   For now, let's focus on taking Vigo and Teruel.

   What about the enemy army marching toward Burgos? If I send all from Burgos to Vigo, and reinforcements arrive, Burgos has 13 troops. That might be enough. But what if the enemy army is very strong? I could also send reinforcements from [12] Madrid and [19] Pamplona. I already planned that.

   Let's check the resources for building. I listed builds for all villages. But I need to make sure I don't exceed the cap of 300 troops per village. My villages have low troop counts (9-14), so building a few won't hit the cap.

   Let's also consider the march of the 1 archer, 1 knight from Valencia to Cordoba. They are already marching. They will arrive this turn and fight Cordoba. They will lose. That's 2 troops gone. Not a big deal.

   Now, let's write the JSON.

   Build orders:
   - Barcelona: 2 archer
   - Tarragona: 1 archer
   - Girona: 1 knight
   - Castellon: 1 knight
   - Zaragoza: 1 knight
   - Huesca: 1 knight
   - Valencia: 1 knight
   - Madrid: 1 knight
   - Murcia: 1 archer
   - Pamplona: 1 knight
   - Burgos: 1 archer

   Movement orders:
   - Burgos -> Vigo: 3 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight
   - Madrid -> Burgos: 3 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight
   - Pamplona -> Burgos: 1 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight
   - Zaragoza -> Teruel: 2 spearman, 5 archer, 4 knight
   - Huesca -> Zaragoza: 0 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight
   - Valencia -> Teruel: 5 spearman, 7 archer, 1 knight

   Wait, I need to check if the villages have those troops available.
   - Burgos: available 3 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight. Yes.
   - Madrid: available 6 spear, 5 archer, 1 knight. I'm sending 3,3,1. Leaves 3,2,0. OK.
   - Pamplona: available 1 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight. I'm sending 1,3,2. Leaves 0,3,0. OK.
   - Zaragoza: available 2 spear, 5 archer, 4 knight. Sending all. OK.
   - Huesca: available 0 spear, 7 archer, 3 knight. Sending 0,3,2. Leaves 0,4,1. OK.
   - Valencia: available 5 spear, 7 archer, 1 knight. Sending all. OK. (But note: 1 archer, 1 knight are already marching to Cordoba. They are not available. So the available are 5 spear, 7 archer, 1 knight. That matches.)

   What about the march from Valencia to Teruel? Valencia to Teruel is 1 turn. But Valencia's troops will march along the road. The road network: [16] Valencia - [13] Teruel. Direct. So they arrive in 1 turn.

   What about the march from Huesca to Zaragoza? [20] Huesca - [17] Zaragoza. Direct. 1 turn.

   What about Madrid to Burgos? [12] Madrid - [14] Burgos. Direct. 1 turn.

   Pamplona to Burgos? [19] Pamplona - [14] Burgos. Direct. 1 turn.

   Burgos to Vigo? [14] Burgos - [10] Vigo. Direct. 1 turn.

   All good.

   Now, let's think about the plan note and statement.

   Plan: I should write a note to myself about what I'm doing and what to watch for.
   Statement: I should tell the audience what I'm doing.

   Let's draft the plan:
   "Attacking Vigo with all Burgos troops; reinforcing Burgos from Madrid and Pamplona to defend against incoming enemy army. Attacking Teruel with Zaragoza and Valencia; reinforcing Zaragoza from Huesca. Building knights and archers everywhere. Next turn: assess Burgos and Teruel, prepare for next pushes (Cordoba, Toledo). Watch for enemy army strength at Burgos."

   Statement:
   "I am launching a double offensive: Vigo from Burgos and Teruel from Zaragoza/Valencia. I have reinforced Burgos to hold against the enemy army marching there. My builds focus on knights and archers to counter the enemy's archers and spearmen. I expect to capture Vigo and Teruel this turn, bringing me to 13 villages."

   Let's check the JSON format.
   {
     "build": [ {"villageId": 22, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2}, ... ],
     "movements": [ {"fromId": 14, "toId": 10, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 6, "knight": 2}}, ... ],
     "plan": "...",
     "statement": "..."
   }

   I need to use the correct village IDs from the report.
   IDs:
   Barcelona: 22
   Tarragona: 21
   Girona: 23
   Castellon: 18
   Zaragoza: 17
   Huesca: 20
   Valencia: 16
   Madrid: 12
   Murcia: 15
   Pamplona: 19
   Burgos: 14
   Vigo: 10
   Teruel: 13

   Let's write the build array carefully.
   Build:
   - villageId: 22, type: "archer", quantity: 2
   - villageId: 21, type: "archer", quantity: 1
   - villageId: 23, type: "knight", quantity: 1
   - villageId: 18, type: "knight", quantity: 1
   - villageId: 17, type: "knight", quantity: 1
   - villageId: 20, type: "knight", quantity: 1
   - villageId: 16, type: "knight", quantity: 1
   - villageId: 12, type: "knight", quantity: 1
   - villageId: 15, type: "archer", quantity: 1
   - villageId: 19, type: "knight", quantity: 1
   - villageId: 14, type: "archer", quantity: 1

   Movements:
   - fromId: 14, toId: 10, troops: {spearman: 3, archer: 6, knight: 2}
   - fromId: 12, toId: 14, troops: {spearman: 3, archer: 3, knight: 1}
   - fromId: 19, toId: 14, troops: {spearman: 1, archer: 3, knight: 2}
   - fromId: 17, toId: 13, troops: {spearman: 2, archer: 5, knight: 4}
   - fromId: 20, toId: 17, troops: {spearman: 0, archer: 3, knight: 2}
   - fromId: 16, toId: 13, troops: {spearman: 5, archer: 7, knight: 1}

   Wait, I need to check if the troops I'm sending from Madrid and Pamplona to Burgos are available. Madrid has 6 spear, 5 archer, 1 knight. I'm sending 3 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight. That's fine. Pamplona has 1 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight. I'm sending 1 spear, 3 archer, 2 knight. That's fine.

   But what about the defense of Madrid after sending? Madrid will have 3 spear, 2 archer, 0 knight left. Its effective defense was 30. With fewer troops, it will drop. But Madrid borders [7] Salamanca and [8] Toledo. It might be attacked. However, no enemy army is marching toward Madrid. So it might be safe for now.

   Pamplona will have 0 spear, 3 archer, 0 knight. It's interior, safe.

   Huesca will have 0 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight. It's interior, safe.

   Valencia will have 0 troops left after sending. But it borders [13] Teruel. If I take Teruel, Valencia becomes interior. But if I don't, Valencia is empty. That's a risk. However, I have no troops to leave there because I sent all. I could send some from Castellon to Valencia? Castellon has 2 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight. I could send some to Valencia to hold it. But Castellon is also a border village (borders [13] Teruel). If I send from Castellon to Valencia, Castellon is weakened. Let's see: Castellon to Valencia is 1 turn. If I send, they arrive at Valencia at the end of the turn. But Valencia is empty, so they just occupy it. That would leave Castellon with fewer troops. But Castellon borders Teruel, which might be attacked by enemy? No enemy army is marching toward Castellon. So it might be okay.

   Let's consider the overall troop distribution. I have 113 soldiers at home. After sending, many villages will be empty or weak. But I'm capturing new villages, which will add to my territory. The captured villages will have their own troops (the survivors of the attack). For Vigo, I'm sending 11 troops. If they win, they will take Vigo and some will survive. Vigo will become mine, and the surviving troops will be its garrison. So I don't need to worry about leaving troops at Burgos if I'm taking Vigo; the troops I send to Vigo will be the new garrison there. But I need to hold Burgos too. So the reinforcements from Madrid and Pamplona are crucial.

   Let's calculate the expected outcome of the Vigo attack.
   My attack: 31.5 effective (with counter). Vigo defense: 25. I win. Losses: I take losses equal to Vigo's effective force? Vigo's effective force is its defense? Or attack? The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." The loser is Vigo, defending. Their effective force is their defense? Or their attack? They are defending, so they count defense. But the rule says "effective force" for the loser. In defense, the effective force is the defense value. So my losses are proportional to their defense (25). My force is 31.5. So I might lose, say, 25/31.5 of my troops? That would be most of them. But the exact formula isn't given. I'll assume I win but with significant losses. So Vigo's garrison after capture might be, say, 5-6 troops. That's okay, I can rebuild.

   For Teruel: Zaragoza attack 28 vs defense 20. Win. Losses proportional to 20. So Zaragoza might lose some troops. Then Valencia attacks. If Teruel's garrison is wiped out, Valencia wins easily. If not, Valencia fights the remnants. Valencia attack 23 vs whatever is left. Might win.

   Let's also consider the enemy army at Burgos. I don't know its strength. If it's stronger than my 13 reinforcements, I lose Burgos. That would be a big setback. To mitigate, I could send more reinforcements. But I'm already sending from Madrid and Pamplona. I could also send from [12] Madrid all troops? But I need to leave some for Madrid's defense. Or send from [19] Pamplona all troops? Pamplona is interior, so I can send all. But I'm sending 1,3,2 from Pamplona, leaving 0,3,0. I could send all 1,6,2? But I only have 1 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight. I'm sending 1,3,2. I could send more archers: 1,6,2. But then Pamplona is empty. That's fine since it's interior. Let's send all from Pamplona to Burgos. That gives Burgos more reinforcements.

   Let's adjust: Pamplona sends 1 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight. Total 9 troops. Then Pamplona is empty. That's safe.

   Madrid: I could send more. Madrid has 6 spear, 5 archer, 1 knight. I'm sending 3,3,1. I could send 4,4,1? But I need to leave some for Madrid's defense. Madrid borders two enemy villages. If I leave 2 spear, 1 archer, 0 knight, that's 3 troops. Defense is low. But maybe it's okay for now. Let's leave 2 spear, 2 archer, 0 knight? Actually, I have 6 spear, 5 archer, 1 knight. If I send 3 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight, I leave 3 spear, 2 archer, 0 knight. That's 5 troops. Defense: 3*2 + 2*2 = 10. With village bonus x1.25 = 12.5. Current defense is 30. So it drops a lot. But no enemy army is marching toward Madrid. So it might be safe.

   What about the enemy army marching toward Salamanca? It might be moving from somewhere to Salamanca. It doesn't threaten Madrid directly.

   Let's also consider the build orders. I'm building a lot of knights. Knights are expensive (30 wood, 30 iron). I need to check if my villages can afford them. Each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. So they can afford 1 knight per turn if they have enough iron stock. Let's check iron stocks:
   - Barcelona: iron 20. Can't build knight (needs 30). So I built 2 archers (needs 20 iron). OK.
   - Tarragona: iron 20. Built 1 archer (needs 10 iron). OK.
   - Girona: iron 120. Built 1 knight (needs 30). OK.
   - Castellon: iron 60. Built 1 knight (needs 30). OK.
   - Zaragoza: iron 40. Built 1 knight (needs 30). OK.
   - Huesca: iron 40. Built 1 knight (needs 30). OK.
   - Valencia: iron 50. Built 1 knight (needs 30). OK.
   - Madrid: iron 60. Built 1 knight (needs 30). OK.
   - Murcia: iron 20. Built 1 archer (needs 10). OK.
   - Pamplona: iron 40. Built 1 knight (needs 30). OK.
   - Burgos: iron 20. Built 1 archer (needs 10). OK.

   All builds are affordable.

   Now, let's finalize the movements.

   Movements:
   1. Burgos (14) -> Vigo (10): 3 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight. (All available)
   2. Madrid (12) -> Burgos (14): 3 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight. (Leave 3 spear, 2 archer)
   3. Pamplona (19) -> Burgos (14): 1 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight. (All available, leave empty)
   4. Zaragoza (17) -> Teruel (13): 2 spear, 5 archer, 4 knight. (All available)
   5. Huesca (20) -> Zaragoza (17): 0 spear, 3 archer, 2 knight. (Leave 0 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight)
   6. Valencia (16) -> Teruel (13): 5 spear, 7 archer, 1 knight. (All available, leave empty)

   Wait, Valencia's available troops: 5 spear, 7 archer, 1 knight. That's all. So Valencia becomes empty. Is that wise? Valencia borders Teruel. If I take Teruel, Valencia becomes interior and is safe. But if the attack fails, Valencia is empty and might be attacked. However, the enemy is to the south (Cordoba) and east (Teruel). If I fail at Teruel, the enemy might counterattack Valencia. But I think the attack will succeed.

   What about the 1 archer, 1 knight already marching from Valencia to Cordoba? They are not at Valencia, so they don't affect the garrison. They will arrive at Cordoba and lose.

   Let's also consider sending from Castellon to Valencia to reinforce after the attack? But that would be next turn.

   For now, this seems like a strong offensive.

   Let's write the plan note:
   "Plan: Launch double offensive: Burgos all to Vigo, reinforced by Madrid/Pamplona. Zaragoza all to Teruel, second wave from Valencia, reinforce Zaragoza from Huesca. Build knights/archers everywhere. Watch Burgos defense against incoming enemy army. Next turn: assess Vigo/Teruel, push to Cordoba/Toledo."

   Statement:
   "I have ordered a major offensive on two fronts: Vigo from Burgos and Teruel from Zaragoza and Valencia. I have reinforced Burgos from Madrid and Pamplona to hold against the enemy army marching there. My builds this turn focus on knights and archers to counter the enemy's forces. I expect to capture Vigo and Teruel, bringing my total to 13 villages."

   Let's check the JSON format again. The fields are "build", "movements", "plan", "statement". Note the plural "movements" in the prompt? Actually, the prompt says: "movements": [ {"fromId": ..., "toId": ..., "troops": {...}} ]. But in the example it's "movements". Wait, the prompt says: "Reply with ONE valid JSON object... Field by field - this describes the SHAPE of the reply... { "build": [...], "movements": [...], "plan": "...", "statement": "..." }". It says "movements" but the example might have "movements". I'll use "movements" as written.

   Let's double-check the troop types: "spearman", "archer", "knight". The JSON keys should be exactly those.

   Also, the village IDs are numbers.

   Let's write the JSON.

   {
     "build": [
       {"villageId": 22, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
       {"villageId": 21, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
       {"villageId": 23, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
       {"villageId": 18, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
       {"villageId": 17, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
       {"villageId": 20, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
       {"villageId": 16, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
       {"villageId": 12, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
       {"villageId": 15, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
       {"villageId": 19, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
       {"villageId": 14, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}
     ],
     "movements": [
       {"fromId": 14, "toId": 10, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 6, "knight": 2}},
       {"fromId": 12, "toId": 14, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 3, "knight": 1}},
       {"fromId": 19, "toId": 14, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 6, "knight": 2}},
       {"fromId": 17, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 5, "knight": 4}},
       {"fromId": 20, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 3, "knight": 2}},
       {"fromId": 16, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 5, "archer": 7, "knight": 1}}
     ],
     "plan": "Attacking Vigo with all Burgos troops; reinforcing Burgos from Madrid and Pamplona to defend against incoming enemy army. Attacking Teruel with Zaragoza and Valencia; reinforcing Zaragoza from Huesca. Building knights and archers everywhere. Next turn: assess Burgos and Teruel, prepare for next pushes (Cordoba, Toledo). Watch for enemy army strength at Burgos.",
     "statement": "I am launching a double offensive: Vigo from Burgos and Teruel from Zaragoza/Valencia. I have reinforced Burgos to hold against the enemy army marching there. My builds focus on knights and archers to counter the enemy's archers and spearmen. I expect to capture Vigo and Teruel this turn, bringing me to 13 villages."
   }

   Wait, I need to check if the "movements" key is correct. The prompt says: "movements": [ {"fromId": <id of one of YOUR villages>, "toId": <id of ANY other village - enemy or neutral to attack it, one of YOURS to reinforce it>, "troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}} ]. It says "movements" but the example in the text might have a typo. I'll use "movements" as it's written in the field description.

   Let's review the troop counts for Pamplona -> Burgos. Pamplona has 1 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight. I'm sending all: 1 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight. That's fine.

   For Huesca -> Zaragoza: Huesca has 0 spear, 7 archer, 3 knight. I'm sending 0 spear, 3 archer, 2 knight. Leaves 0 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight. OK.

   For Madrid -> Burgos: Madrid has 6 spear, 5 archer, 1 knight. I'm sending 3 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight. Leaves 3 spear, 2 archer, 0 knight. OK.

   For Valencia -> Teruel: Valencia has 5 spear, 7 archer, 1 knight. I'm sending all. OK.

   For Burgos -> Vigo: Burgos has 3 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight. Sending all. OK.

   For Zaragoza -> Teruel: Zaragoza has 2 spear, 5 archer, 4 knight. Sending all. OK.

   Everything seems consistent.

   One more thing: the enemy army marching toward Burgos. If I send reinforcements from Madrid and Pamplona, they will arrive at Burgos at the same time as the enemy army. But what if the enemy army is already at Burgos? The report says "arrives in 1 turn", so it's not there yet. So my reinforcements will arrive just in time.

   Also, the enemy army marching toward Salamanca: it might be a threat to Madrid if it changes course, but I can't predict that.

   I think this is a solid plan.

   Let's output the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"arqueiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":14,"destinoId":10,"tropas":{"lanceiro":3,"arqueiro":6,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":12,"destinoId":14,"tropas":{"lanceiro":3,"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":19,"destinoId":14,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":6,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":17,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":5,"cavaleiro":4}},{"origemId":20,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":16,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":5,"arqueiro":7,"cavaleiro":1}}]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [22]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [22]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [18]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [17]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [20]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [16]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [12]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [15]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [19]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [14]
ACEITO envio [14]->[10]: 3S+6A+2K
ACEITO envio [12]->[14]: 3S+3A+1K
ACEITO envio [19]->[14]: 1S+6A+2K
ACEITO envio [17]->[13]: 2S+5A+4K
ACEITO envio [20]->[17]: 3A+2K
ACEITO envio [16]->[13]: 5S+7A+1K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Attacking Vigo with all Burgos troops; reinforcing Burgos from Madrid and Pamplona to defend against incoming enemy army. Attacking Teruel with Zaragoza and Valencia; reinforcing Zaragoza from Huesca. Building knights and archers everywhere. Next turn: assess Burgos and Teruel, prepare for next pushes (Cordoba, Toledo). Watch for enemy army strength at Burgos.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): I am launching a double offensive: Vigo from Burgos and Teruel from Zaragoza/Valencia. I have reinforced Burgos to hold against the enemy army marching there. My builds focus on knights and archers to counter the enemy's archers and spearmen. I expect to capture Vigo and Teruel this turn, bringing me to 13 villages.
REFORCO [11] Cordoba dono A: 8A
REFORCO [13] Teruel dono A: 6A
REFORCO [8] Toledo dono A: 9A
REFORCO [4] Badajoz dono A: 6A
REFORCO [3] Coimbra dono A: 12A
REFORCO [1] Santarem dono A: 12A
COMBATE [13] Teruel: atacante B Fatk=8 (ef 8) Fdef=18 (ef 34) vant=-1 -> vence defensor | baixas~2
COMBATE [11] Cordoba: atacante B Fatk=10 (ef 10) Fdef=22 (ef 28) vant=0 -> vence defensor | baixas~4
REFORCO [15] Murcia dono B: 1A
REFORCO [14] Burgos dono B: 1S+2A+1K
REFORCO [19] Pamplona dono B: 2A+1K
REFORCO [20] Huesca dono B: 3A+1K
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 3K
REFORCO [21] Tarragona dono B: 1A+2K
REFORCO [12] Madrid dono B: 2S+1K
REFORCO [14] Burgos dono B: 2S+1A
REFORCO [16] Valencia dono B: 1S+2A+1K
placar: A 13 ald/tropas 76 | B 11 ald/tropas 57 | neutras 0 | transito 12 (A 5 | B 7)

########## TURNO 16 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4306 | resposta 1527 | raciocinio 1527 | finish content_filter | ms 22801
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: Let me analyze the situation carefully.

Current state:
- I hold 12 of 24 villages (need 18 for 75%)
- Enemy capital is Barcelona [22], unknown garrison
- My capital is Lisboa [0]

My villages and troops:
- [0] Lisboa: 3 archer (capital)
- [1] Santarem: 15 archer
- [2] Evora: 12 archer
- [3] Coimbra: 14 archer, 1 knight
- [4] Badajoz: 2 archer
- [5] Faro: 3 archer
- [6] Porto: 1 spearman, 2 archer (BORDER with enemy [10] Vigo)
- [7] Salamanca: 14 spearman, 8 archer, 2 knight (BORDER with enemy [12] Madrid)
- [8] Toledo: 9 archer (BORDER with enemy [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel)
- [9] Sevilha: 1 archer
- [11] Cordoba: 15 archer
- [15] Murcia: 2 archer (BORDER with enemy [16] Valencia)

Enemy villages I can see:
- [10] Vigo: 1 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight, defense 13
- [12] Madrid: 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight, defense 15
- [13] Teruel: 3 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight, defense 20
- [16] Valencia: 1 knight, defense 3

Known from before:
- [14] Burgos: 3 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knights
- [17] Zaragoza: 2 spearman, 5 archer, 4 knights
- [18] Castellon: 2 spearman, 6 archer, 1 knight

Unexplored: [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona (enemy capital), [23] Girona

Last turn events:
- My army from Cordoba to Murcia won (destroyed enemy 1 archer, 1 knight), I lost 2 troops
- My army from Porto to Burgos was destroyed (12 spearmen lost)
- King B attacked Vigo (my village? No wait - [10] Vigo is ENEMY). Hmm, let me re-read.

Wait, "King B attacked YOUR [10] Vigo" - but [10] Vigo is listed as ENEMY (King B). That's confusing. Let me re-read.

Actually looking again: "[10] Vigo | ENEMY (King B)" - so Vigo is enemy. But the report says "King B attacked YOUR [10] Vigo with 2 spearmen, 5 archers, 2 knights (effective force 30 vs your defense 28): the village FELL. Your garrison (10 spearmen, 1 archer) was destroyed."

Hmm, this seems contradictory. Maybe the labels are from different times. Wait - maybe last turn I conquered Vigo and this turn's report shows... no, the report says these are from TURN 16.

Actually, I think the "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" section describes turn 15 events. In turn 15, I may have held Vigo, and then King B retook it. But now in turn 16, Vigo shows as enemy with a garrison of 1 spearman, 3 archers, 1 knight.

Wait, but the report says "you attacked here 1x in the last 8 turns (1 conquered)" for Vigo. So I conquered it once and lost it.

Similarly for Teruel: "you attacked here 1x in the last 8 turns (1 conquered)" - I conquered it and lost it.

OK so the "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" describes turn 15 events, and now in turn 16 the map shows the current state.

So current state: I hold 12 villages. Enemy holds: [10] Vigo, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [16] Valencia, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, and unexplored [19]-[23]. That's 12 enemy villages (24 total - 12 mine = 12 enemy).

Wait, let me count: 24 villages total. I have 12. Enemy has 12. Let me list: [10], [12], [13], [14], [16], [17], [18], [19], [20], [21], [22], [23] = 12. Yes.

Goal: hold 18 of 24 for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate all enemy villages.

Strategy: I need to conquer 6 more enemy villages. The nearest weak ones:
- [16] Valencia: defense 3, garrison 1 knight only - very weak!
- [10] Vigo: defense 13, garrison 1 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight
- [12] Madrid: defense 15
- [13] Teruel: defense 20

Valencia is the weakest. It's reachable from [15] Murcia (1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn).

But wait - the enemy army marching toward [13] Teruel arrives in 1 turn. That's a reinforcement to Teruel.

Let me think about my resources and builds.

Resource production per village: 30 wood, 20 iron per turn.

Let me check what I can build:

[0] Lisboa: wood 40, iron 70. Can build archers (20 wood + 10 iron each): min(40/20, 70/10) = min(2, 7) = 2 archers. Spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron: 40/15 = 2. Knight: 30 wood, 30 iron: min(40/30, 70/30) = 1.
[1] Santarem: wood 40, iron 120. Archers: min(2, 12) = 2. Knights: min(1, 4) = 1. Spearmen: 2.
[2] Evora: wood 40, iron 100. Archers: 2. Knights: 1. Spearmen: 2.
[3] Coimbra: wood 30, iron 200. Archers: min(1, 20) = 1. Knights: min(1, 6) = 1. Spearmen: 2.
[4] Badajoz: wood 30, iron 70. Archers: 1. Knights: 1. Spearmen: 2.
[5] Faro: wood 30, iron 70. Archers: 1. Knights: 1. Spearmen: 2.
[6] Porto: wood 35, iron 200. Archers: min(1, 20) = 1. Knights: min(1, 6) = 1. Spearmen: 2.
[7] Salamanca: wood 30, iron 70. Archers: 1. Knights: 1. Spearmen: 2.
[8] Toledo: wood 30, iron 40. Archers: 1. Knights: 1 (needs 30 iron, has 40). Spearmen: 2.
[9] Sevilha: wood 40, iron 30. Archers: 1. Knights: 0 (needs 30 iron, has 30 - wait, 30 iron, knight costs 30 iron, so 1 knight). Spearmen: 2.
[11] Cordoba: wood 40, iron 30. Archers: 1. Knights: 1. Spearmen: 2.
[15] Murcia: wood 40, iron 30. Archers: 1. Knights: 1. Spearmen: 2.

Wait, but the cap is 300 troops per village. Let me check current troop counts:
[0]: 3/300, [1]: 15/300, [2]: 12/300, [3]: 15/300, [4]: 2/300, [5]: 3/300, [6]: 3/300, [7]: 24/300, [8]: 9/300, [9]: 1/300, [11]: 15/300, [15]: 2/300

All well under cap.

Now, the key question: what should my strategy be?

I need 6 more villages. The enemy is strong in the north/east. Let me think about the fronts:

Front 1 (North): Porto [6] faces Vigo [10] which connects to Burgos [14] -> Pamplona [19] etc.
Front 2 (Center): Salamanca [7] faces Madrid [12] which connects to Burgos [14], Zaragoza [17]. Toledo [8] faces Madrid [12] and Teruel [13].
Front 3 (South): Murcia [15] faces Valencia [16] which connects to Teruel [13] and Castellon [18].

Valencia [16] is very weak (1 knight, defense 3). If I attack from Murcia with enough troops, I can take it.

But wait - if I attack Valencia, the enemy might reinforce it. And the enemy has an army marching to Teruel (their own village) arriving in 1 turn.

Let me think about what attacks I can launch this turn:

From [15] Murcia to [16] Valencia: march 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So troops arrive in 1 turn (if all knights, which I
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
########## TURNO 16 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4359 | resposta 18905 | raciocinio 14853 | finish stop | ms 186698
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 12, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 14, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 10, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 10, \"toId\": 6, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 1, \"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 14, \"toId\": 10, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 14, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 4, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 18, \"toId\": 16, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 6, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 17, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 3}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Attack Porto with Vigo's garrison; reinforce Vigo and Madrid from Burgos. Send Castellon's army to Valencia to prepare the assault on Murcia next turn. Send Zaragoza's home troops to Teruel to build a massive army for the push on Toledo. Build archers and knights in all villages to replenish losses and grow the army. Next turn: launch attack on Murcia from Valencia, and prepare to attack Toledo from Teruel.\",\n  \"statement\": \"Our forces strike at Porto while reinforcing our borders. The army from Castellon moves to Valencia, setting the stage for the capture of Murcia. Reinforcements arrive at Madrid and Vigo to hold the line against the enemy's superior numbers. We build for the next wave of conquests.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B in a strategy game. I need to analyze the current state of the game, decide on my moves, and output a JSON object with my orders, a plan note, and a statement for the audience.

Let's break down the current state:
- I am King B.
- I hold 12 villages out of 24. I need 18 (75%) for 2 consecutive turns to win, or eliminate all enemy villages.
- Enemy is King A.
- My villages (12): Barcelona (22), Tarragona (21), Girona (23), Castellon (18), Zaragoza (17), Huesca (20), Valencia (16), Teruel (13), Madrid (12), Pamplona (19), Burgos (14), Vigo (10).
- Enemy villages seen: Murcia (15), Salamanca (7), Toledo (8), Porto (6). Cordoba (11) was last seen as enemy. Lisboa (0) is the enemy capital. Unexplored: Badajoz (4), Coimbra (3), Sevilha (9), Faro (5), Santarem (1), Evora (2).
- Total troops at home: 101 soldiers (28 spearman, 44 archer, 29 knight) + 11 marching.
- Let's look at the armies on the march:
  - Mine: 2 spearmen, 5 archers, 4 knights from [17] Zaragoza to [13] Teruel, arriving in 1 turn. (Wait, the report says "already marching out (NOT available): 2 spearmen, 5 archers, 4 knights" from Zaragoza, and in the ARMIES ON THE MARCH section: "2 spearmen, 5 archers, 4 knights: [17] -> [13], arrives in 1 turn". This means they will arrive next turn).
- Enemy armies: none sighted.
- What happened last turn:
  - My army from Valencia to Cordoba was destroyed.
  - My army from Burgos to Vigo won, destroyed enemy army (12 spearmen), I took 4 losses, conquered Vigo.
  - I attacked Vigo, conquered it.
  - I attacked Teruel, conquered it, took 5 losses.
  - Reinforcements arrived at Burgos and Zaragoza.
  - King A attacked Murcia, conquered it.
  - King A reinforced Salamanca and Toledo.

Let's check the current map and my positions:
My border villages:
- Valencia (16) borders Murcia (15, enemy).
- Teruel (13) borders Toledo (8, enemy).
- Madrid (12) borders Salamanca (7, enemy) and Toledo (8, enemy).
- Vigo (10) borders Porto (6, enemy).
- Burgos (14) borders Vigo (10, mine) and Madrid (12, mine). Wait, road network: Burgos connects to Vigo, Madrid, Pamplona. So Burgos is interior now since Vigo is mine.
- Zaragoza (17) connects to Madrid, Teruel, Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona.
- Pamplona (19) connects to Burgos, Zaragoza, Huesca.
- Huesca (20) connects to Zaragoza, Pamplona, Girona.
- Girona (23) connects to Huesca, Barcelona.
- Tarragona (21) connects to Zaragoza, Castellon, Barcelona.
- Castellon (18) connects to Teruel, Valencia, Tarragona.
- Barcelona (22) connects to Tarragona, Girona.

Let's look at the enemy villages:
- Murcia (15) is enemy, borders Valencia (16) and Cordoba (11).
- Salamanca (7) is enemy, borders Madrid (12), Porto (6), Coimbra (3), Badajoz (4).
- Toledo (8) is enemy, borders Madrid (12), Teruel (13), Badajoz (4), Cordoba (11).
- Porto (6) is enemy, borders Vigo (10), Coimbra (3), Salamanca (7).
- Cordoba (11) is enemy (last seen), borders Toledo (8), Sevilha (9), Murcia (15).
- Lisboa (0) is enemy capital, borders Santarem (1), Evora (2).

My goal: Hold 18 villages, or eliminate all enemy villages.
Currently I have 12. I need 6 more.
The visible enemy villages are Murcia (15), Salamanca (7), Toledo (8), Porto (6). If I conquer these 4, I'll have 16. I need to find and conquer 2 more (likely Cordoba (11) and one of the unexplored ones, or the capital).
Wait, the enemy has: Murcia, Salamanca, Toledo, Porto, Cordoba, Lisboa, and unexplored Badajoz, Coimbra, Sevilha, Faro, Santarem, Evora. That's 12 enemy villages total (since total map is 24).
If I conquer all enemy villages, I win. Let's see if I can eliminate them or conquer enough.

Let's check troop availability and resources for building.
Economy:
Each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn.
Let's look at my villages' resources and available troops:

Barcelona (22): wood 30, iron 20. Troops: 16/300 (6 spear, 5 archer, 5 knight). Can build?
Costs:
spearman: 15 wood + 0 iron
archer: 20 wood + 10 iron
knight: 30 wood + 30 iron
Barcelona has 30 wood, 20 iron.
Can build:
- 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron) -> leaves 0 wood, 20 iron.
- 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> leaves 10 wood, 10 iron.
- 0 knight (needs 30 wood, 30 iron).
Let's see if I should build troops. I need to build to replenish and grow my army.
Wait, cap per village is 300 troops. Currently all are well below 300.

Let's look at the troop counts and what I can send.
I need to plan my attacks.
Currently, the enemy has:
- Porto (6): garrison 1 spearman, 2 archers. Effective defense 8. March from Vigo (10): 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. I can attack it from Vigo. Vigo has 5 troops (1 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight). If I send all, attack power 11 vs defense 8. Easy win. But I should reinforce Vigo first or send troops from Burgos? Burgos is close to Vigo (1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns). But Vigo is already mine, I can build there. Vigo has wood 40, iron 30. Can build 2 spear (30 wood), 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron), 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron - not enough iron). Let's check Vigo's build capacity.
Wait, the report says:
[10] Vigo: wood 40 (+30/turn) | iron 30 (+20/turn) | troops at home: 5 / 300. Available: 1 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight.
If I send troops from Burgos to Vigo to reinforce it, or from Vigo to Porto.
Let's look at Porto's defense: 8. Vigo's attack power if all sent: 11. It's a good idea to attack Porto to secure the border and get another village (13 total).
But I need to also look at other fronts.
- Salamanca (7): garrison 14 spearmen, 8 archers, 2 knights. Effective defense 60. March from Madrid (12): 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Madrid has 6 troops (3 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight), attack power 11. Not enough to attack 60 defense. I need to reinforce Madrid or build there.
- Toledo (8): garrison 9 archers. Effective defense 23. March from Teruel (13): 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Teruel has 8 troops (3 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight), attack power 15. March from Madrid (12) as well. Toledo's defense is 23. I can reinforce Teruel or Madrid to attack Toledo.
- Murcia (15): garrison 2 archers. Effective defense 5. March from Valencia (16): 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Valencia has 1 troop (1 knight), attack power 4. Wait, defense is 5, so 4 attack is not enough. I need to send troops from Valencia or other nearby villages (Castellon, Teruel, Zaragoza) to attack Murcia. Murcia is very weak (defense 5, 2 archers). This is a low-hanging fruit! If I attack Murcia with enough troops, I can conquer it and get my 13th village.
Let's check Valencia's connections: Valencia connects to Teruel, Murcia, Castellon. I can send troops from Castellon (18) or Teruel (13) or Zaragoza (17) to Valencia, and then to Murcia, or directly to Murcia if the path is clear. Wait, the movement rules say: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination. You cannot march past an enemy or neutral village to hit one behind it."
So to attack Murcia from Valencia, I just send troops from Valencia to Murcia. But Valencia only has 1 knight. I need to send troops to Valencia first, then from Valencia to Murcia. Or can I send troops from Castellon directly to Murcia? The road is Castellon -> Valencia -> Murcia. Valencia is mine, so troops from Castellon marching to Murcia will pass through Valencia. Do they stop at Valencia? "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". Valencia is mine, so they won't stop there, they will pass through and go to Murcia. Wait, "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." If I order Castellon to Murcia, they march Castellon -> Valencia -> Murcia. Since Valencia is mine, they don't stop, they go to Murcia. But wait, does it take 1 turn from Castellon to Valencia, and another from Valencia to Murcia? Yes, march time is cumulative.
Let's check the march distances:
Castellon to Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Valencia to Murcia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
So Castellon to Murcia is 2 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns.
If I send from Castellon to Murcia, they arrive in 2 turns.
If I send from Valencia to Murcia, they arrive in 1 turn. But Valencia only has 1 knight. I can send troops from Zaragoza to Valencia to reinforce Valencia, then next turn send them to Murcia. Or I can send troops from Castellon directly to Murcia.
Wait, if I send from Castellon to Murcia, they will fight Murcia's garrison when they arrive. But what about the enemy's turn? The enemy might attack Valencia or move troops.
Let's look at the enemy's possible moves. The enemy is King A. They are currently reinforcing Salamanca and Toledo, and they conquered Murcia last turn. They might attack Valencia or Teruel or Madrid.
I need to defend my borders and attack weak spots.
Murcia is very weak (defense 5, 2 archers). I should attack it to conquer it.
Who can reach Murcia quickly?
Valencia has 1 knight (attack 4). Not enough.
Castellon has 10 troops (2 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight), attack power 22. March to Murcia: Castellon -> Valencia -> Murcia. 2 turns.
Teruel has 8 troops (3 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight), attack power 15. March to Murcia: Teruel -> Valencia -> Murcia or Teruel -> Toledo -> Cordoba -> Murcia? No, Teruel connects to Valencia and Toledo. To get to Murcia from Teruel, the road is Teruel -> Valencia -> Murcia. That's 2 turns (1 to Valencia, 1 to Murcia).
Zaragoza has 6 troops at home, but 2 spear, 5 archer, 4 knight are marching to Teruel (arriving in 1 turn). So next turn Zaragoza will have those troops back, or they are in Teruel. Wait, the marching troops are from Zaragoza to Teruel. They arrive in 1 turn. So next turn they will be at Teruel. Then from Teruel to Murcia is 2 turns.
What about sending troops from Burgos or Madrid? Too far.
So the fastest way to get a strong army to Murcia is to send from Castellon or Teruel.
Wait, if I send from Castellon to Murcia, they march Castellon -> Valencia -> Murcia. Since Valencia is mine, they just pass through. They don't stop at Valencia because it's mine. So they fight Murcia on arrival (2 turns).
But wait, what if the enemy attacks Valencia while my troops are marching through it? "Armies on different roads never meet, even where the roads look close on the map." My troops are on the road Castellon-Valencia-Murcia. If the enemy attacks Valencia, they would be marching to Valencia. If they arrive at the same time as my troops are passing through, do they fight? "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there". If my troops are on the road Valencia-Murcia, and the enemy is marching to Valencia, they might meet on the road. But usually, troops passing through a village don't stop unless ordered. The rules say: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So my troops from Castellon to Murcia will pass Valencia and go to Murcia. If the enemy attacks Valencia, they would fight the Valencia garrison. My marching troops wouldn't stop to help unless they are ordered to Valencia.
To be safe, I can send troops from Valencia to Murcia, but Valencia only has 1 knight. I can reinforce Valencia from Castellon or Teruel, then send them to Murcia.
Let's look at the troop counts and what I can build this turn.
I need to build troops to replenish my losses and prepare for attacks.
My losses last turn: 4 at Vigo, 5 at Teruel, 2 on the road to Cordoba, 1 on the road to Cordoba. Total losses: 12 troops.
I have 101 soldiers at home.
Let's see what I can build in my villages this turn.
I need to check resources and build capacity.

Barcelona (22): wood 30, iron 20.
Can build:
- 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron)
- 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron)
- 0 knight (needs 30 wood, 30 iron)
Total wood used: 30+20=50, but I only have 30 wood. So I can't build both.
Options:
- 2 spearman (30 wood) -> 0 wood left, 20 iron.
- 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 10 wood left, 10 iron.
- 1 spearman (15 wood) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> needs 35 wood, not enough.
Let's build 1 archer or 2 spearmen. Archers are more versatile (attack 2, defense 2). Spearmen are cheap (15 wood) but low attack. I need archers and knights for offense.
Let's look at other villages.

Tarragona (21): wood 40, iron 30. Troops: 11/300 (0 spear, 5 archer, 6 knight).
Can build:
- archer: 20 wood, 10 iron. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
- knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron.
Let's build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Knights are fast and strong (attack 4). I need knights for rapid strikes. But archers are also good. Let's build 1 knight and maybe 1 archer? 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 10 wood, 0 iron. Can't build archer. So 1 knight is good.

Girona (23): wood 35, iron 110. Troops: 14/300 (9 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight).
Can build:
- knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. Can build 1 knight (leaves 5 wood, 80 iron).
- archer: 20 wood, 10 iron. Can build 1 archer (leaves 15 wood, 100 iron).
- spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron. Can build 2 spearmen (30 wood).
Let's build 1 knight and 1 archer? Needs 50 wood, only 35. So 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spear (15 wood) = 35 wood. That's a good mix: 1 archer, 1 spearman.

Castellon (18): wood 30, iron 50. Troops: 10/300 (2 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight).
Can build:
- archer: 20 wood, 10 iron. Can build 1 archer (leaves 10 wood, 40 iron).
- spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron. Can build 2 spearmen (30 wood).
- knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. Can build 1 knight (leaves 0 wood, 20 iron).
Let's build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer + 1 spear (35 wood, not enough). So 1 knight is good.

Zaragoza (17): wood 30, iron 30. Troops: 6/300 (0 spear, 3 archer, 3 knight). But 2 spear, 5 archer, 4 knight are marching out. So home troops are 6. Wait, the report says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 3 archer, 3 knight". So home is 6 troops.
Can build:
- archer: 20 wood, 10 iron. Can build 1 archer (leaves 10 wood, 20 iron).
- knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. Can build 1 knight (leaves 0 wood, 0 iron).
- spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron. Can build 2 spearmen (30 wood).
Let's build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spear (15 wood) = 35 wood (not enough). So 1 knight is good.

Huesca (20): wood 30, iron 30. Troops: 6/300 (0 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight).
Can build:
- archer: 20 wood, 10 iron. Can build 1 archer (leaves 10 wood, 20 iron).
- knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. Can build 1 knight (leaves 0 wood, 0 iron).
Let's build 1 knight.

Valencia (16): wood 30, iron 40. Troops: 1/300 (0 spear, 0 archer, 1 knight).
Can build:
- knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. Can build 1 knight (leaves 0 wood, 10 iron).
- archer: 20 wood, 10 iron. Can build 1 archer (leaves 10 wood, 30 iron).
- spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron. Can build 2 spearmen (30 wood).
Let's build 1 knight or 1 archer + 1 spear (35 wood, not enough). Let's build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) to have some defense, or 1 knight. Since it's a border village, archers are good for defense. Let's build 1 archer.

Teruel (13): wood 50, iron 30. Troops: 8/300 (3 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight).
Can build:
- archer: 20 wood, 10 iron. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 archer + 1 spear (35 wood, 10 iron).
- knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. Can build 1 knight (leaves 20 wood, 0 iron).
- spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron. Can build 3 spearmen (45 wood).
Let's build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and maybe 1 archer? 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 20 wood, 0 iron. Can build 1 archer (needs 10 iron, but 0 iron left). So just 1 knight. Or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) leaves 10 wood, 10 iron. Archers are good. Let's build 2 archers.

Madrid (12): wood 30, iron 50. Troops: 6/300 (3 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight).
Can build:
- archer: 20 wood, 10 iron. Can build 1 archer (leaves 10 wood, 40 iron).
- knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. Can build 1 knight (leaves 0 wood, 20 iron).
- spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron. Can build 2 spearmen (30 wood).
Let's build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).

Pamplona (19): wood 30, iron 30. Troops: 1/300 (0 spear, 0 archer, 1 knight).
Can build:
- archer: 20 wood, 10 iron. Can build 1 archer (leaves 10 wood, 20 iron).
- knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. Can build 1 knight (leaves 0 wood, 0 iron).
Let's build 1 archer.

Burgos (14): wood 40, iron 30. Troops: 17/300 (4 spear, 10 archer, 3 knight).
Can build:
- archer: 20 wood, 10 iron. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
- knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. Can build 1 knight (leaves 10 wood, 0 iron).
- spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron. Can build 2 spearmen (30 wood).
Let's build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 spear (15 wood) = 45 wood (not enough). So 2 archers is good.

Vigo (10): wood 40, iron 30. Troops: 5/300 (1 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight).
Can build:
- archer: 20 wood, 10 iron. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
- knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. Can build 1 knight (leaves 10 wood, 0 iron).
Let's build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).

Let's summarize the builds I'm considering:
- Barcelona: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron)
- Tarragona: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron)
- Girona: 1 archer, 1 spearman (35 wood, 10 iron)
- Castellon: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron)
- Zaragoza: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron)
- Huesca: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron)
- Valencia: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron)
- Teruel: 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron)
- Madrid: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron)
- Pamplona: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron)
- Burgos: 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron)
- Vigo: 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron)

Wait, let's check if I have enough resources for all these builds.
Barcelona: wood 30, iron 20. Build 1 archer -> wood 10, iron 10.
Tarragona: wood 40, iron 30. Build 1 knight -> wood 10, iron 0.
Girona: wood 35, iron 110. Build 1 archer, 1 spear -> wood 0, iron 100.
Castellon: wood 30, iron 50. Build 1 knight -> wood 0, iron 20.
Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 30. Build 1 knight -> wood 0, iron 0.
Huesca: wood 30, iron 30. Build 1 knight -> wood 0, iron 0.
Valencia: wood 30, iron 40. Build 1 archer -> wood 10, iron 30.
Teruel: wood 50, iron 30. Build 2 archers -> wood 10, iron 10.
Madrid: wood 30, iron 50. Build 1 knight -> wood 0, iron 20.
Pamplona: wood 30, iron 30. Build 1 archer -> wood 10, iron 20.
Burgos: wood 40, iron 30. Build 2 archers -> wood 0, iron 10.
Vigo: wood 40, iron 30. Build 2 archers -> wood 0, iron 10.

This seems very feasible and builds a good mix of troops. I'm building mostly archers and knights, which are the stronger units. I'm skipping spearmen except in Girona because they are cheap but weak, and I have enough wood to build archers/knights.

Now, movements. Where do I attack?
The weak spots are:
- Murcia (15): defense 5, 2 archers. I need to attack it with a strong force.
- Porto (6): defense 8, 1 spear, 2 archers. Also weak.
- Toledo (8): defense 23, 9 archers. Medium strength.
- Salamanca (7): defense 60, very strong.

I should attack Murcia and Porto to gain villages and secure borders.
Let's plan the attack on Murcia.
Murcia is connected to Valencia (16) and Cordoba (11).
To attack Murcia, I can send troops from Valencia, Castellon, or Teruel.
Valencia has only 1 knight. I need to send more.
I can send troops from Castellon to Valencia to reinforce, then next turn from Valencia to Murcia. But that takes 2 turns to attack.
Or I can send troops from Castellon directly to Murcia. The path is Castellon -> Valencia -> Murcia. Since Valencia is mine, they pass through. They arrive in 2 turns (Castellon to Valencia is 1 turn, Valencia to Murcia is 1 turn). Wait, the march time from Castellon to Murcia is 2 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns. If I send knights (fast), they take 2 turns. If I send archers (medium), 2 turns. If spearmen (slow), 2 turns. So they arrive in 2 turns.
If I send from Teruel to Murcia, path is Teruel -> Valencia -> Murcia. Also 2 turns.
If I send from Zaragoza to Murcia, path is Zaragoza -> Teruel -> Valencia -> Murcia. That's 3 turns.
So Castellon is the closest major base to Murcia (2 turns).
But wait, if I send from Castellon to Murcia, what happens to Valencia? Valencia is mine, so they don't stop. But does the enemy see them? The enemy might attack Valencia while my troops are on the road. If the enemy attacks Valencia, they would fight the Valencia garrison (1 knight). My marching troops from Castellon to Murcia are on the road Valencia-Murcia. If the enemy attacks Valencia from Murcia, they would march Murcia -> Valencia. They would meet my marching troops on the road? "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there". If my troops are marching Valencia -> Murcia, and enemy is marching Murcia -> Valencia, they would meet on the road between Valencia and Murcia and fight! That would be bad because my troops would fight in the open without location bonus, and they might lose, or win but take losses. And they wouldn't reach Murcia.
To avoid this, I should attack Murcia from Valencia directly, so they are already at Valencia and don't spend a turn on the road. But Valencia only has 1 knight. I can reinforce Valencia from Castellon or Teruel this turn, and then next turn send the combined army from Valencia to Murcia.
Let's see: if I send troops from Castellon to Valencia this turn, they arrive in 1 turn (next turn). Then next turn I can send them from Valencia to Murcia, arriving in 2 turns (turn 18). Total time: 3 turns to attack Murcia.
If I send from Castellon directly to Murcia, they arrive in 2 turns (turn 18). But they risk fighting the enemy on the road if the enemy moves.
Wait, the enemy might not move. The enemy is King A. They just conquered Murcia last turn. They might reinforce it or attack Valencia. But I don't know their orders.
Let's look at the enemy's last actions:
- King A attacked Murcia: VICTORY, conquered.
- Reinforcements arrived at Salamanca and Toledo.
So they are reinforcing their interior villages (Salamanca, Toledo) and just conquered Murcia. They might not attack immediately.
But to be safe, I should attack Murcia from Valencia, but first reinforce Valencia.
Let's check the troops I can send to Valencia.
Castellon has 10 troops (2 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight). I can send some to Valencia.
Teruel has 8 troops (3 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight). I can send some to Valencia.
But I also need to defend Teruel and Castellon. If I send all troops from Castellon to Valencia, Castellon is left with 0 troops. That's risky if the enemy attacks Castellon. But Castellon is interior (no enemy border) because Valencia and Teruel are mine. Wait, Castellon connects to Teruel, Valencia, Tarragona. All are mine. So Castellon is safe from direct attack unless the enemy reaches Valencia or Teruel first. So I can safely send troops from Castellon to Valencia.
Similarly, Teruel borders Toledo (enemy). So I should keep some troops in Teruel to defend against Toledo.
Let's look at the troop counts and what I can send.
I want to attack Murcia with a strong force. Murcia has defense 5 (2 archers). If I send 1 knight, 3 archers, that's attack 4 + 3*2 = 10, plus knight counters archer? Wait, the counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. If I send mostly archers and knights, the most numerous type sets the counter. If I send 3 archers and 1 knight, archers are most numerous. Archer counters spearman. But Murcia has archers, not spearmen. So no counter bonus. The attack is just sum of attacks.
Let's calculate effective attack:
If I send 1 knight (attack 4), 3 archers (attack 2 each = 6), 1 spearman (attack 1). Total attack = 11. Defense of Murcia is 5. 11 vs 5, easy win.
But I need to get them there.
Option 1: Send from Castellon to Murcia directly.
Troops from Castellon: 2 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight. Attack power: 2*1 + 6*2 + 2*4 = 2 + 12 + 8 = 22. Defense 5. Overwhelming force. They arrive in 2 turns.
Option 2: Send from Castellon to Valencia (reinforce), then next turn Valencia to Murcia.
Troops from Castellon to Valencia: say 2 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight. Arrive next turn. Then Valencia has 1 knight + these. Then send to Murcia. Total 3 turns to attack.
Option 3: Send from Valencia to Murcia this turn. Valencia has 1 knight. Attack 4 vs defense 5. Not enough, will lose.
So Option 1 (direct to Murcia) is faster and uses Castellon's troops. But what about the risk of meeting the enemy on the road?
The road is Castellon -> Valencia -> Murcia. The enemy is in Murcia. If the enemy sends troops from Murcia to Valencia, they would march Murcia -> Valencia. My troops are marching Castellon -> Valencia -> Murcia. On turn 17 (this turn), my troops start marching. They will be on the road Valencia-Murcia on turn 18. The enemy troops from Murcia to Valencia would also be on the road Valencia-Murcia on turn 18. They would meet and fight on the road!
If they fight on the road, it's an open field battle. My troops: 2 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight. Enemy troops in Murcia: 2 archers. If they send all, 2 archers. Attack 4, defense 2. My attack 22. I would win easily, but I'd take losses. And the enemy might not send them, or might send reinforcements.
But wait, the enemy just conquered Murcia. They might not have many troops there. The report says Murcia garrison is 2 archers. If they don't send them, they stay in Murcia. If they do send them, they meet my troops on the road.
Is there a way to avoid the road battle? If I send from Valencia to Murcia, they start at Valencia, so they are on the road Valencia-Murcia for 1 turn. If the enemy sends from Murcia to Valencia, they meet on the road. Same risk.
Actually, any attack on Murcia involves the road Valencia-Murcia. If the enemy moves on that road, we meet.
But the enemy might not move. The enemy's last turn they conquered Murcia and reinforced Salamanca/Toledo. They might be on the defensive.
I think attacking Murcia directly from Castellon is a good move. It gets a huge army there in 2 turns. If the enemy meets me on the road, I still win because my army is much larger.
Wait, what if I send from Teruel to Murcia? Teruel -> Valencia -> Murcia. Same road.
What about sending from Zaragoza? Too far.
Let's consider attacking Porto (6) as well.
Porto is connected to Vigo (10), Coimbra (3), Salamanca (7).
I own Vigo. Vigo has 5 troops (1 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight). Attack power 11. Porto defense 8. I can attack Porto from Vigo this turn, arriving in 1 turn.
If I send all Vigo troops to Porto, attack 11 vs defense 8. I should win and conquer Porto.
But if I send all Vigo troops, Vigo is left with 0 troops. Vigo borders Porto (enemy) and Burgos (mine). If the enemy attacks Vigo from Porto, they would fight my empty Vigo? No, if I send troops to Porto, they march Vigo -> Porto. They arrive and fight Porto's garrison. If they win, they conquer Porto. But what if the enemy attacks Vigo from Porto at the same time? The enemy troops in Porto would march Porto -> Vigo. My troops are marching Vigo -> Porto. They would meet on the road Vigo-Porto and fight! That would be an open field battle. My troops: 1 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight (attack 11). Enemy troops in Porto: 1 spear, 2 archers (attack 4). I would win, but take losses. And then I wouldn't have troops to hold Vigo if the enemy attacks later.
But wait, if I attack Porto, I want to conquer it. If I send all Vigo troops, and the enemy sends all Porto troops, they meet on the road. The loser is destroyed. If I win, my troops take losses but survive, and they continue to Porto? No, if they meet on the road, the battle is on the road. The winner keeps marching. So if I win, my troops continue to Porto, and the enemy troops are destroyed. Then I arrive at Porto with reduced troops and conquer it. That's good.
But if I lose, my troops are destroyed, and the enemy troops continue to Vigo and attack it. That would be bad.
My attack is 11, enemy defense in Porto is 8 (but on the road, no location bonus, so defense is just the sum of defense values: 1 spear (def 2) + 2 archers (def 2 each) = 6). Wait, the report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 8". On the road, there is no bonus, so defense is lower. Let's calculate: spearman defense 2, archer defense 2. 1 spear + 2 archers = 2 + 4 = 6 defense. My attack: spearman 1, archer 2*3=6, knight 4. Total 11. 11 vs 6, I win easily.
So attacking Porto from Vigo is very safe and gains me a village.
But I should also reinforce Vigo from Burgos to have a reserve.
Burgos has 17 troops (4 spear, 10 archer, 3 knight). I can send some to Vigo. Burgos to Vigo is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So they arrive in 1 turn.
If I send, say, 2 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight from Burgos to Vigo, they arrive next turn. Then Vigo has those plus the 5 I sent to Porto (if they win). Wait, if I send troops from Vigo to Porto, they leave Vigo. Then the reinforcements from Burgos arrive at Vigo. So Vigo is not empty.
Let's plan the movements:
1. Attack Porto from Vigo. Send all Vigo troops: 1 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight.
2. Reinforce Vigo from Burgos. Send 2 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight from Burgos to Vigo.
3. Attack Murcia from Castellon. Send all Castellon troops: 2 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight to Murcia. (Wait, Castellon to Murcia is 2 turns. I need to order it this turn. They will march Castellon -> Valencia -> Murcia.)
4. What about Teruel and Toledo? Teruel has 8 troops. Toledo has defense 23 (9 archers). I could attack Toledo from Teruel, but Teruel's attack power is 15 (3 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight = 3*1 + 4*2 + 1*4 = 3+8+4=15). Defense 23. Not enough. I need to reinforce Teruel first.
Zaragoza has 6 troops at home, but 2 spear, 5 archer, 4 knight are marching to Teruel (arriving in 1 turn). So next turn Teruel will have those troops. I can send them from Zaragoza to Teruel to reinforce, but they are already marching. Wait, the report says: "already marching out (NOT available): 2 spearmen, 5 archers, 4 knights" from Zaragoza to Teruel. So they are on the way. Next turn they arrive at Teruel.
So next turn, Teruel will have its 8 troops + the 11 from Zaragoza = 19 troops. That's a strong force. Then I can attack Toledo from Teruel.
But for this turn, I should just defend Teruel and maybe send some troops to help Murcia attack.
Wait, if I send Castellon troops to Murcia, Castellon is empty. Is that okay? Castellon is interior, connected to Valencia, Teruel, Tarragona. All are mine. So no enemy can reach Castellon without going through Valencia or Teruel first. So it's safe to empty Castellon.
What about Tarragona and Barcelona? They are interior, safe.
What about Madrid? Madrid borders Salamanca (enemy) and Toledo (enemy). Madrid has 6 troops (3 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight). Attack 11. Salamanca has defense 60. Toledo has defense 23. I can't attack either. I should reinforce Madrid from nearby villages.
Pamplona has 1 troop. Burgos has 17 troops. I can send some from Burgos to Madrid or Pamplona.
Let's look at the road network:
Burgos connects to Vigo, Madrid, Pamplona.
I'm sending troops from Burgos to Vigo. I can also send troops from Burgos to Madrid.
Burgos to Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Madrid needs reinforcement. I can send 2 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight from Burgos to Madrid.
But I also need to keep some troops in Burgos for defense. Burgos is interior, but it's a large village. I can build there.
Let's decide on the troop sends:
From Burgos:
- To Vigo: 2 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight (to reinforce Vigo after it attacks Porto).
- To Madrid: 2 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight (to reinforce Madrid).
Total from Burgos: 4 spear, 7 archer, 2 knight. Burgos has 4 spear, 10 archer, 3 knight. So leaving 0 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight at Burgos. That's okay, Burgos is interior and I can build more.
Wait, I need to check the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" for Burgos: 4 spearman, 10 archer, 3 knight. So I can send up to those numbers.
Let's refine the sends:
- Vigo: send all 5 troops (1 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight) to attack Porto.
- Burgos to Vigo: send 2 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight to reinforce Vigo.
- Burgos to Madrid: send 2 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight to reinforce Madrid.
- Castellon to Murcia: send all 10 troops (2 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight) to attack Murcia.
- Teruel: keep all 8 troops to defend against Toledo. Or send some to Valencia? Valencia has 1 knight. If I send Teruel troops to Valencia, they can reinforce Valencia. But Teruel needs to defend against Toledo. Toledo is connected to Teruel. If I empty Teruel, the enemy could attack it from Toledo. But Teruel's defense is 20 (effective). If I leave 8 troops, they can defend. I think I should keep them in Teruel for now.
- Zaragoza: has 6 troops at home. I can send some to Teruel to reinforce, but the marching troops are already on the way. I can send the 6 home troops to Teruel as well? Zaragoza to Teruel is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. If I send them, they arrive next turn. But Teruel will already have the marching troops arriving. So Teruel would have 8 + 11 + 6 = 25 troops. That's a lot. But I might need troops elsewhere.
Actually, I want to attack Murcia. Castellon is sending all troops. So Castellon is empty. Valencia has 1 knight. If the enemy attacks Valencia from Murcia, Valencia might fall. To defend Valencia, I can send troops from Teruel or Zaragoza to Valencia.
Teruel to Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Zaragoza to Valencia: Zaragoza -> Teruel -> Valencia (2 turns) or Zaragoza -> Madrid -> ... no, Zaragoza connects to Madrid, Teruel, Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona. To get to Valencia, it's Zaragoza -> Teruel -> Valencia.
So Teruel is closer to Valencia.
I can send some troops from Teruel to Valencia to defend it, but then Teruel is weaker.
Let's think about the enemy's likely moves.
The enemy just conquered Murcia. They might attack Valencia next turn to push towards my interior. Or they might attack Madrid or Teruel.
If they attack Valencia from Murcia, they would send troops from Murcia. Murcia has 2 archers. That's a small force. Valencia has 1 knight. If they attack, Valencia might lose. So I should reinforce Valencia.
I can send troops from Castellon to Valencia instead of directly to Murcia. But Castellon to Valencia is 1 turn. Then from Valencia to Murcia is another turn. Total 2 turns to attack Murcia, same as direct. But if I send to Valencia, they stop there and join the garrison. Then next turn I can send them to Murcia. This is safer because they don't spend a turn on the road where they could meet the enemy.
Wait, if I send from Castellon to Valencia, they arrive next turn. Then next turn I order them from Valencia to Murcia. They arrive on turn 18. If I send from Castellon directly to Murcia, they arrive on turn 18 as well. The difference is that on turn 17, they are on the road to Valencia, and on turn 18 they are on the road to Murcia. If the enemy attacks Valencia on turn 17, they would fight the Valencia garrison (1 knight) on turn 18? No, if the enemy marches from Murcia to Valencia, they arrive on turn 18. My troops from Castellon to Valencia arrive on turn 18 as well. If they both arrive at Valencia on turn 18, what happens? "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if my troops arrive at Valencia and the enemy troops arrive at Valencia, they would fight? But Valencia is mine. The enemy is attacking Valencia. My troops are arriving as reinforcements. Do they fight the enemy? The rules say: "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." If the enemy is attacking Valencia, the battle happens at Valencia. My reinforcements arrive and join the battle? The rules don't explicitly say, but typically in these games, reinforcements arrive and fight in the battle of the village. But the order of battles: "each send fights alone, one at a time." So the enemy send fights the Valencia garrison, then my reinforcement send fights the enemy? Or they all fight together? It's ambiguous.
To avoid complexity, sending directly to Murcia is simpler. My troops march Castellon -> Valencia -> Murcia. On turn 17, they are on the road Castellon-Valencia. On turn 18, they are on the road Valencia-Murcia. If the enemy attacks Valencia from Murcia, they march Murcia -> Valencia. On turn 18, they are on the road Valencia-Murcia. My troops are also on that road. They meet and fight on the road. This is a clear rule: "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there". So they would fight on the road between Valencia and Murcia. My troops are attacking Murcia, so they are moving towards Murcia. The enemy is moving towards Valencia. They meet. The battle is on the road. My army is large (22 attack). Enemy army is small (2 archers, attack 4). I win, take some losses, and continue to Murcia? Or does the battle stop the march? "The losing army is destroyed entirely; the winner takes losses and keeps marching." So if I win, my troops keep marching to Murcia. The enemy army is destroyed. Then I arrive at Murcia and conquer it. This is actually a great outcome! I eliminate the enemy troops and conquer Murcia.
If I send to Valencia instead, they arrive at Valencia and stop. If the enemy attacks Valencia, they fight at Valencia. My troops would be reinforcements. The battle would be at Valencia. I'd likely win, but then I have to order them to Murcia next turn, delaying the attack.
So sending directly to Murcia is faster and potentially eliminates the enemy troops.
Let's do that: Castellon to Murcia, all troops (2 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight).

Now, what about Porto?
Vigo to Porto: send all Vigo troops (1 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight).
Burgos to Vigo: send 2 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight to reinforce.
Burgos to Madrid: send 2 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight to reinforce.
What about Teruel? I should keep the 8 troops there to defend. I can also send the Zaragoza home troops (6) to Teruel to prepare for an attack on Toledo next turn.
Zaragoza has 6 troops (0 spear, 3 archer, 3 knight). I can send them to Teruel. Zaragoza to Teruel is 1 turn. They arrive next turn. Then Teruel has 8 + 11 (from Zaragoza marching) + 6 (from Zaragoza home) = 25 troops. That's a huge army. Next turn I can attack Toledo from Teruel.
But wait, if I send all Zaragoza home troops to Teruel, Zaragoza is left with 0 troops. Zaragoza connects to Madrid, Teruel, Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona. All are mine except Madrid borders enemy. So Zaragoza is safe.
But I need to check if I have enough resources to build all these troops.
Let's finalize the builds and movements.

Builds:
- Barcelona: 1 archer
- Tarragona: 1 knight
- Girona: 1 archer, 1 spearman
- Castellon: 1 knight (but I'm sending all troops away, so building 1 knight means it will be built this turn and stay at Castellon? Wait, if I send all troops away, the village has 0 troops at home. Then I build 1 knight, it will be built and stay there. So next turn Castellon will have 1 knight. That's good for a tiny garrison.)
- Zaragoza: 1 knight (same, will stay if I send all home troops away. But I'm sending the 6 home troops to Teruel. So Zaragoza will have 0 troops at home, then build 1 knight. Next turn it has 1 knight.)
- Huesca: 1 knight
- Valencia: 1 archer (I'm not sending Valencia troops away, I only have 1 knight there. If I send it to Porto? No, I'm sending Vigo troops to Porto. Valencia stays with 1 knight. I build 1 archer, so Valencia has 1 knight, 1 archer.)
- Teruel: 2 archers (I'm keeping the 8 troops. Building 2 archers adds to them.)
- Madrid: 1 knight (I'm sending reinforcements from Burgos, but Madrid has 6 troops. I build 1 knight.)
- Pamplona: 1 archer (Pamplona has 1 knight. I build 1 archer.)
- Burgos: 2 archers (I'm sending some troops away, but building 2 archers.)
- Vigo: 2 archers (I'm sending all 5 troops to Porto. Building 2 archers means next turn Vigo has 2 archers if the reinforcements from Burgos don't arrive yet? Wait, Burgos to Vigo is 1 turn. They arrive next turn. So next turn Vigo will have the 2 archers I built + the reinforcements from Burgos. That's good.)

Let's double check the troop counts and attacks.
Vigo to Porto: 1 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight.
Attack: spear 1, archer 3*2=6, knight 4. Total 11.
Porto defense: 1 spear (def 2), 2 archers (def 2 each) = 6 defense (on the road, no bonus). Wait, the report says effective defense 8 (location bonus included). On the road, no bonus, so defense is lower. Let's calculate: spearman defense 2, archer defense 2. 1 spear + 2 archers = 2 + 4 = 6 defense. My attack 11. I win easily.
But wait, the report says Porto's garrison is 1 spearman, 2 archers. Effective defense 8. The location bonus for a village is x1.25. So base defense = 8 / 1.25 = 6.4, rounded to 6? Or maybe it's 6. On the road, no bonus, so defense is 6. My attack 11. I win.
What if the enemy sends reinforcements from Salamanca or Coimbra? The enemy might send troops to Porto. But I don't see any enemy armies marching. The report says "ENEMY (only what your watchmen can see): none sighted". So no enemy armies are marching towards Porto. I should be safe.

Castellon to Murcia: 2 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight.
Attack: 2*1 + 6*2 + 2*4 = 2 + 12 + 8 = 22.
Murcia defense: 2 archers. Base defense: archer defense 2 each = 4. On the road, no bonus. But wait, I'm marching to Murcia, so I'm attacking it. The battle will be at Murcia when I arrive. So I get the location bonus? No, the attacker doesn't get a location bonus. The defender gets the bonus. So Murcia gets its village bonus (x1.25). Effective defense is 5 (as per report). So my attack 22 vs defense 5. Overwhelming.
But on the way, if I meet the enemy on the road, it's open field. My attack 22 vs their attack (if they send the 2 archers). Enemy attack: 2 archers = 4 attack. My defense: 2 spear (def 2 each=4), 6 archers (def 2 each=12), 2 knights (def 2 each=4). Total defense 20. So I win easily.

Now, let's consider if I should send any troops from Teruel or Zaragoza to help.
I think my plan is solid:
- Attack Porto from Vigo.
- Attack Murcia from Castellon.
- Reinforce Vigo and Madrid from Burgos.
- Reinforce Teruel from Zaragoza (send the 6 home troops).
- Build troops everywhere.

Wait, I need to check the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" for each village to make sure I don't send more than available.
Vigo: 1 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight. Send all: 1 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight.
Castellon: 2 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight. Send all: 2 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight.
Burgos: 4 spear, 10 archer, 3 knight.
Send to Vigo: 2 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight.
Send to Madrid: 2 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight.
Total sent from Burgos: 4 spear, 7 archer, 2 knight. Available: 4 spear, 10 archer, 3 knight. So it's valid.
Zaragoza: 0 spear, 3 archer, 3 knight. Send all to Teruel: 3 archer, 3 knight.
Wait, Zaragoza has 6 troops: 0 spear, 3 archer, 3 knight. I can send them to Teruel.
But Zaragoza also has 2 spear, 5 archer, 4 knight marching to Teruel. Those are already on the way. So the home troops are 6. I send the 6 to Teruel. They arrive next turn.
What about Huesca, Pamplona, Tarragona, Girona, Barcelona? They are interior and safe. I don't need to send troops from them unless I want to reinforce somewhere. But they are far from the borders. I'll keep their troops for now.

Let's check if I should send any troops to Valencia to defend it.
Valencia has 1 knight. Murcia has 2 archers. If the enemy attacks Valencia from Murcia, they send 2 archers. Valencia's 1 knight has attack 4, defense 2. The enemy 2 archers have attack 4, defense 4. In a village battle, the defender gets x1.25 bonus. So Valencia's effective defense would be 2 * 1.25 = 2.5, rounded to 3? The report says Valencia's effective defense is 3. So 1 knight has defense 2, with bonus becomes 3. Enemy attack is 4. So enemy would win and conquer Valencia! That's a risk.
I should reinforce Valencia to prevent this.
Who can reach Valencia quickly?
Castellon is sending all troops to Murcia. So Castellon can't help.
Teruel has 8 troops. Teruel to Valencia is 1 turn. I can send some troops from Teruel to Valencia.
If I send, say, 1 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight from Teruel to Valencia, they arrive next turn. Then Valencia has 1 knight + 1 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight = 2 knights, 1 spear, 2 archers. That's a strong garrison.
But then Teruel has 3 spear, 2 archer, 0 knight left. Teruel's defense would drop. Toledo has 9 archers (attack 18, defense 18). Teruel's remaining troops: 3 spear (def 6), 2 archers (def 4). Total defense 10. With village bonus x1.25 = 12.5. Enemy attack 18. Enemy would win! So I can't weaken Teruel too much.
What if I send the Zaragoza home troops to Valencia instead of Teruel?
Zaragoza to Valencia: Zaragoza -> Teruel -> Valencia. That's 2 turns. Too slow.
What about sending from Castellon to Valencia instead of directly to Murcia?
If I send Castellon troops to Valencia, they arrive next turn. Then next turn I can send them from Valencia to Murcia. That delays the attack on Murcia by 1 turn, but secures Valencia.
Let's compare:
Option A: Castellon to Murcia directly. Arrive turn 18. Risk: Valencia might be attacked and fall on turn 18.
Option B: Castellon to Valencia. Arrive turn 18. Valencia is reinforced. Then turn 18 I order Valencia to Murcia. Arrive turn 19. Murcia conquered turn 19.
Which is better? Conquering Murcia on turn 18 vs 19. The risk is Valencia falling. If Valencia falls, I lose a village and the enemy gets a foothold deeper in my territory. That's worse than delaying Murcia by 1 turn.
Also, if I send Castellon to Valencia, and the enemy attacks Valencia from Murcia, my Castellon troops arrive at Valencia on turn 18. The enemy troops from Murcia arrive at Valencia on turn 18. They would fight at Valencia. My troops are reinforcements. The battle would be at Valencia. Valencia garrison (1 knight) + my reinforcements (2 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight) vs enemy (2 archers). I would win easily. Then Valencia is safe, and I have a huge army there. Next turn I can attack Murcia with that army.
This seems much safer and still allows me to attack Murcia.
Let's do Option B: Castellon to Valencia.
Troops from Castellon: 2 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight to Valencia.
Then from Valencia, next turn I can send them to Murcia.
But wait, if I send Castellon to Valencia, what about the march to Murcia? I need to order it next turn.
This turn, I order Castellon to Valencia.
Also, I should order Valencia to do something? Valencia has 1 knight. I can leave it there to defend, or send it to Murcia? If I send it to Murcia, it arrives next turn, but it's only 1 knight (attack 4 vs defense 5). It would lose. So I should keep it in Valencia to help defend.
So Valencia does nothing this turn (just builds).
What about Teruel? I need to defend Teruel against Toledo. I'll keep the 8 troops there. I can also send the Zaragoza home troops to Teruel to prepare for a future attack.
Zaragoza to Teruel: 3 archer, 3 knight.
What about Madrid? I'll send Burgos troops to Madrid to reinforce.
What about Porto? I'll attack from Vigo, and reinforce Vigo from Burgos.

Let's recalculate the troop sends:
- Vigo to Porto: 1 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight (all Vigo troops).
- Burgos to Vigo: 2 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight.
- Burgos to Madrid: 2 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight.
- Castellon to Valencia: 2 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight (all Castellon troops).
- Zaragoza to Teruel: 0 spear, 3 archer, 3 knight (all Zaragoza home troops).

Wait, if I send all Castellon troops to Valencia, Castellon is empty. I'm building 1 knight there, so next turn it has 1 knight.
If I send all Zaragoza home troops to Teruel, Zaragoza is empty. I'm building 1 knight there, so next turn it has 1 knight.
What about Huesca, Pamplona, Tarragona, Girona, Barcelona? They are safe, I'll just build troops there.

Let's check the total troops sent and available:
Vigo: available 1 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight. Send all. OK.
Castellon: available 2 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight. Send all to Valencia. OK.
Burgos: available 4 spear, 10 archer, 3 knight.
Send to Vigo: 2 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight.
Send to Madrid: 2 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight.
Total: 4 spear, 7 archer, 2 knight. OK.
Zaragoza: available 0 spear, 3 archer, 3 knight. Send all to Teruel. OK.

Now, what about the marching troops from Zaragoza to Teruel? They are already on the way, arriving next turn. So next turn Teruel will have its 8 troops + the 11 from Zaragoza + the 6 I'm sending now = 25 troops. That's a massive army. I can then attack Toledo from Teruel next turn.
But wait, if I send the 6 Zaragoza troops to Teruel, they arrive next turn. The marching troops from Zaragoza (2 spear, 5 archer, 4 knight) also arrive next turn. So Teruel gets 8 + 11 + 6 = 25 troops. That's great.
But I need to make sure I don't exceed the cap of 300. Teruel has 8/300, so plenty of room.

Let's review the plan:
This turn (Turn 17):
Builds:
- Barcelona: 1 archer
- Tarragona: 1 knight
- Girona: 1 archer, 1 spearman
- Castellon: 1 knight
- Zaragoza: 1 knight
- Huesca: 1 knight
- Valencia: 1 archer
- Teruel: 2 archers
- Madrid: 1 knight
- Pamplona: 1 archer
- Burgos: 2 archers
- Vigo: 2 archers

Movements:
- Vigo -> Porto: 1 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight
- Burgos -> Vigo: 2 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight
- Burgos -> Madrid: 2 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight
- Castellon -> Valencia: 2 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight
- Zaragoza -> Teruel: 0 spear, 3 archer, 3 knight

Wait, I should also consider sending troops from Huesca or Pamplona to somewhere if needed. But they are far from the action. I'll leave them.
What about Tarragona and Girona? They are near Barcelona, safe.
I think this is a good set of orders.

Let's double check the enemy's possible moves and if my plan accounts for them.
Enemy villages: Murcia (15), Salamanca (7), Toledo (8), Porto (6), Cordoba (11), Lisboa (0), and unexplored.
Last turn, King A conquered Murcia and reinforced Salamanca and Toledo.
This turn, they might:
- Attack Valencia from Murcia. (I'm reinforcing Valencia with Castellon troops, so Valencia will have 1 knight + 2 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight = 10 troops. Enemy has 2 archers. Easy defense.)
- Attack Madrid from Salamanca or Toledo. (I'm reinforcing Madrid with Burgos troops, so Madrid will have 6 + 2 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight = 13 troops. Salamanca has 14 spear, 8 archer, 2 knight = 24 troops. That's a big army. If they attack Madrid, they might win. But Madrid's effective defense is 15. With 13 troops, my defense would be higher. Let's calculate: 3 spear (def 6), 2 archer (def 4), 1 knight (def 2) + 2 spear (def 2), 4 archer (def 8), 1 knight (def 2) = total 5 spear (def 10), 6 archers (def 12), 2 knights (def 4). Total defense 26. With village bonus x1.25 = 32.5. Enemy attack: 14 spear (attack 14), 8 archers (attack 16), 2 knights (attack 8). Total attack 38. So enemy would win if they attack with all. But they might not attack with all, or they might just reinforce. I can't do much about Salamanca's huge army. I'll just hope they don't attack Madrid this turn.)
- Attack Teruel from Toledo. (Teruel has 8 troops. Toledo has 9 archers. My defense: 3 spear (def 6), 4 archers (def 8), 1 knight (def 2) = 16. With bonus x1.25 = 20. Enemy attack: 9 archers = 18. So I would win! The report says Teruel's effective defense is 20. So I can defend against Toledo with the current 8 troops. Good.)
- Attack Porto from Salamanca or Coimbra. (I'm attacking Porto, so I'm taking the initiative.)
- Reinforce Cordoba or Lisboa. (I can't see them, so I don't know.)

My plan seems solid. I'm attacking the weak enemy villages (Porto, Murcia) and reinforcing my borders (Valencia, Madrid, Vigo, Teruel). I'm also building troops to grow my army.

Let's write the plan and statement.
Plan: "Attack Porto from Vigo and Murcia from Castellon (via Valencia). Reinforce Valencia, Vigo, Madrid, and Teruel. Build troops everywhere, focusing on archers and knights. Next turn: launch attack on Murcia from Valencia, and prepare to attack Toledo from Teruel."
Wait, I changed the attack on Murcia to go via Valencia. So this turn I send Castellon to Valencia. Next turn I send Valencia to Murcia.
So the plan should reflect that.
Plan: "This turn: attack Porto from Vigo, reinforce Vigo and Madrid from Burgos, send Castellon to Valencia to prepare attack on Murcia, send Zaragoza to Teruel. Build archers and knights everywhere. Next turn: attack Murcia from Valencia, attack Toledo from Teruel."

Statement: "My armies strike at Porto and prepare to take Murcia. Reinforcements flow to the borders to hold the line. The enemy's losses at Vigo and Teruel are avenged as we push deeper into their territory."

Let's format the JSON.
Builds:
[
  {"villageId": 22, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 21, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 23, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 23, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 18, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 17, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 20, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 16, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 13, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 12, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 19, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 14, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 10, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2}
]

Movements:
[
  {"fromId": 10, "toId": 6, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 3, "knight": 1}},
  {"fromId": 14, "toId": 10, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 3, "knight": 1}},
  {"fromId": 14, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 4, "knight": 1}},
  {"fromId": 18, "toId": 16, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 6, "knight": 2}},
  {"fromId": 17, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 3, "knight": 3}}
]

Wait, Zaragoza to Teruel: Zaragoza has 0 spear, 3 archer, 3 knight. So I send 0 spear, 3 archer, 3 knight.
Castellon to Valencia: Castellon has 2 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight. Send all.
Vigo to Porto: Vigo has 1 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight. Send all.
Burgos to Vigo: 2 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight.
Burgos to Madrid: 2 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight.

Let's check if the JSON format is correct.
"movements": [ {"fromId": <id>, "toId": <id>, "troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}} ]
Yes.

Let's double check the village IDs:
Barcelona: 22
Tarragona: 21
Girona: 23
Castellon: 18
Zaragoza: 17
Huesca: 20
Valencia: 16
Teruel: 13
Madrid: 12
Pamplona: 19
Burgos: 14
Vigo: 10
Porto: 6
Murcia: 15
Salamanca: 7
Toledo: 8

My builds:
22: archer 1
21: knight 1
23: archer 1, spearman 1
18: knight 1
17: knight 1
20: knight 1
16: archer 1
13: archer 2
12: knight 1
19: archer 1
14: archer 2
10: archer 2

Looks good.

Let's review the rules to ensure I didn't miss anything.
- "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." I checked resources for each.
- "Each village you hold produces resources every turn... Resources belong to EACH village." I checked each village's wood and iron.
- "Cap per village: when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building." All are well below 300.
- "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS." OK.
- "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own." I'm doing that (Burgos to Vigo, Burgos to Madrid, Castellon to Valencia, Zaragoza to Teruel).
- "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there." For Castellon to Valencia, Valencia is mine, so they stop there (as ordered). For Vigo to Porto, Porto is enemy, so they fight there.
- "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up." I'm not sending from different villages to the same target this turn. (Wait, Burgos to Vigo and Vigo to Porto are different targets. Burgos to Madrid is different. Castellon to Valencia is different. Zaragoza to Teruel is different. So no conflicts.)
- "The enemy writes their orders at the same time as you." OK.

One thing: I'm sending Castellon to Valencia. Valencia is mine. The march is Castellon -> Valencia. That's 1 turn. They arrive next turn.
I'm sending Zaragoza to Teruel. Teruel is mine. March is Zaragoza -> Teruel. 1 turn. Arrive next turn.
I'm sending Burgos to Vigo. Vigo is mine. March is Burgos -> Vigo. 1 turn. Arrive next turn.
I'm sending Burgos to Madrid. Madrid is mine. March is Burgos -> Madrid. 1 turn. Arrive next turn.
I'm sending Vigo to Porto. Porto is enemy. March is Vigo -> Porto. 1 turn. Arrive next turn and fight.

All movements are valid.

Let's write the plan and statement.
Plan: "Attack Porto with Vigo's garrison; reinforce Vigo and Madrid from Burgos. Send Castellon's army to Valencia to prepare the assault on Murcia next turn. Send Zaragoza's home troops to Teruel to build a massive army for the push on Toledo. Build archers and knights in all villages to replenish losses and grow the army."
Statement: "Our forces strike at Porto while reinforcing our borders. The army from Castellon moves to Valencia, setting the stage for the capture of Murcia. Reinforcements arrive at Madrid and Vigo to hold the line against the enemy's superior numbers. We build for the next wave of conquests."

I'll make sure the JSON is valid and contains only the required fields.
The fields are: build, movements, plan, statement.
I'll output the JSON.

Wait, I should check if I need to send 0 spearman in the movements. The format says "troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}. I can include 0 or omit it. Usually including 0 is fine.
Let's include 0 for clarity.

Let's do a final check of the troop counts.
Vigo: 1 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight. Send to Porto: 1, 3, 1. OK.
Castellon: 2 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight. Send to Valencia: 2, 6, 2. OK.
Burgos: 4 spear, 10 archer, 3 knight.
Send to Vigo: 2 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight.
Send to Madrid: 2 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight.
Total: 4 spear, 7 archer, 2 knight. OK.
Zaragoza: 0 spear, 3 archer, 3 knight. Send to Teruel: 0, 3, 3. OK.

Builds:
Barcelona: 1 archer. Wood 30, iron 20. Cost: 20 wood, 10 iron. OK.
Tarragona: 1 knight. Wood 40, iron 30. Cost: 30 wood, 30 iron. OK.
Girona: 1 archer, 1 spearman. Wood 35, iron 110. Cost: 20+15=35 wood, 10 iron. OK.
Castellon: 1 knight. Wood 30, iron 50. Cost: 30 wood, 30 iron. OK.
Zaragoza: 1 knight. Wood 30, iron 30. Cost: 30 wood, 30 iron. OK.
Huesca: 1 knight. Wood 30, iron 30. Cost: 30 wood, 30 iron. OK.
Valencia: 1 archer. Wood 30, iron 40. Cost: 20 wood, 10 iron. OK.
Teruel: 2 archers. Wood 50, iron 30. Cost: 40 wood, 20 iron. OK.
Madrid: 1 knight. Wood 30, iron 50. Cost: 30 wood, 30 iron. OK.
Pamplona: 1 archer. Wood 30, iron 30. Cost: 20 wood, 10 iron. OK.
Burgos: 2 archers. Wood 40, iron 30. Cost: 40 wood, 20 iron. OK.
Vigo: 2 archers. Wood 40, iron 30. Cost: 40 wood, 20 iron. OK.

Everything looks correct. I'm ready to output.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"arqueiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":10,"destinoId":6,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":14,"destinoId":10,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":14,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":4,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":18,"destinoId":16,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":6,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":17,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":3}}]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [22]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [21]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [18]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [17]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [20]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [16]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [13]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [13]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [12]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [19]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [14]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [14]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [10]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [10]
ACEITO envio [10]->[6]: 1S+3A+1K
ACEITO envio [14]->[10]: 2S+3A+1K
ACEITO envio [14]->[12]: 2S+4A+1K
ACEITO envio [18]->[16]: 2S+6A+2K
ACEITO envio [17]->[13]: 3A+3K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Attack Porto with Vigo's garrison; reinforce Vigo and Madrid from Burgos. Send Castellon's army to Valencia to prepare the assault on Murcia next turn. Send Zaragoza's home troops to Teruel to build a massive army for the push on Toledo. Build archers and knights in all villages to replenish losses and grow the army. Next turn: launch attack on Murcia from Valencia, and prepare to attack Toledo from Teruel.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): Our forces strike at Porto while reinforcing our borders. The army from Castellon moves to Valencia, setting the stage for the capture of Murcia. Reinforcements arrive at Madrid and Vigo to hold the line against the enemy's superior numbers. We build for the next wave of conquests.
COMBATE-ESTRADA no trecho [11] Cordoba-[15] Murcia: A (ia [11] Cordoba->[15] Murcia) vs B (ia [16] Valencia->[11] Cordoba) Fatk=10 (ef 10) Fdef=6 (ef 6) vant=0 -> vence A | exercito de B ANIQUILADO (1A+1K) | vencedor perdeu 2
COMBATE-ESTRADA no trecho [10] Vigo-[14] Burgos: A (ia [6] Porto->[14] Burgos) vs B (ia [14] Burgos->[10] Vigo) Fatk=12 (ef 12) Fdef=23 (ef 35) vant=-1 -> vence B | exercito de A ANIQUILADO (12S) | vencedor perdeu 2
COMBATE [10] Vigo: atacante B Fatk=20 (ef 30) Fdef=22 (ef 28) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~9
REFORCO [14] Burgos dono B: 3S+3A+1K
REFORCO [14] Burgos dono B: 1S+6A+2K
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 3A+2K
COMBATE [13] Teruel: atacante B Fatk=23 (ef 23) Fdef=18 (ef 23) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~11
REFORCO [7] Salamanca dono A: 6S+1A
REFORCO [8] Toledo dono A: 7A
REFORCO [11] Cordoba dono A: 10A
COMBATE [15] Murcia: atacante A Fatk=6 (ef 6) Fdef=4 (ef 5) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~3
placar: A 12 ald/tropas 104 | B 12 ald/tropas 67 | neutras 0 | transito 6 (A 0 | B 6)

########## TURNO 17 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4740 | resposta 12432 | raciocinio 8820 | finish stop | ms 116595
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 7, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 8, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 9, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 11, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 15, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 3, \"toId\": 6, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 14, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 1, \"toId\": 3, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 15, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 7, \"toId\": 6, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 10, \"archer\": 5, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 11, \"toId\": 8, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 15, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 2, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 12, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 0, \"toId\": 1, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 9, \"toId\": 11, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 15, \"toId\": 11, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 0}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Attack Porto [6] from Coimbra [3] and reinforce with Salamanca [7]. Gather archers from Santarem, Evora, Cordoba to reinforce Coimbra, Badajoz, and Toledo. Build spearmen and knights to expand the army for the next push towards Madrid [12] and Teruel [13].\",\n  \"statement\": \"I am launching a coordinated attack on Porto [6] from Coimbra [3] and Salamanca [7]. I am moving all available archers from the rear to the front lines to prepare for the next pushes towards Madrid and Teruel. I am also building a mix of spearmen and knights to strengthen my villages and prepare for future battles.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The first thing I will do is analyze the game state.
I am King A, holding 11 of 24 villages.
My goal is to hold 18 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate all enemy villages.
The enemy capital is Barcelona [22], which is unexplored.
My capital is Lisboa [0].

Let's look at the map and villages:
My villages:
[0] Lisboa (Capital) - 3 archers
[1] Santarem - 15 archers
[2] Evora - 12 archers
[3] Coimbra - 14 archers, 1 knight (Border with [6] Porto)
[4] Badajoz - 2 archers
[5] Faro - 3 archers
[7] Salamanca - 14 spearmen, 8 archers, 2 knights (Border with [6], [12])
[8] Toledo - 9 archers (Border with [12], [13])
[9] Sevilha - 1 archer
[11] Cordoba - 15 archers
[15] Murcia - 2 archers (Border with [16])

Enemy villages (visible or known):
[6] Porto - 1 spearman, 2 archers, 1 knight (Effective defense 10) - was conquered by enemy last turn from me! Wait, the report says: "King B attacked YOUR [6] Porto ... the village FELL. Your garrison was destroyed." So [6] is now an enemy village.
[12] Madrid - 5 spearmen, 6 archers, 3 knights (Effective defense 35)
[13] Teruel - 5 spearmen, 14 archers, 8 knights (Effective defense 68)
[16] Valencia - 2 spearmen, 7 archers, 3 knights (Effective defense 30)
[10] Vigo - last seen: 1 spearman, 3 archers, 1 knight
[14] Burgos - last seen: 3 spearmen, 6 archers, 2 knights
[17] Zaragoza - last seen: 2 spearmen, 5 archers, 4 knights
[18] Castellon - last seen: 2 spearmen, 6 archers, 1 knight
[19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona (Capital), [23] Girona - unexplored.

Let's check the road network and distances:
From [3] Coimbra to [6] Porto: 1 fast turn.
From [7] Salamanca to [6] Porto: 1 fast turn.
From [7] Salamanca to [12] Madrid: 1 fast turn.
From [8] Toledo to [12] Madrid: 1 fast turn.
From [8] Toledo to [13] Teruel: 1 fast turn.
From [15] Murcia to [16] Valencia: 1 fast turn.

Wait, [6] Porto is now enemy. I want to retake it.
Let's look at the troop counts and resources.
Total troops at home: 101 (14 spearman, 84 archer, 3 knight).
Let's see where I can build troops.
Village resources:
[0] Lisboa: wood 70, iron 90. Can build archers (costs 20 wood, 10 iron). Can build 4 archers (wood 80 > 70, so 3 archers: 60 wood, 30 iron). Or knights (30 wood, 30 iron): 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Or spearmen (15 wood, 0 iron): 4 spearmen (60 wood).
Wait, Lisboa has 3 troops at home. Cap is 300.
[1] Santarem: wood 70, iron 140. Can build archers (3 archers: 60 wood, 30 iron), or knights (2 knights: 60 wood, 60 iron).
[2] Evora: wood 70, iron 120. Can build archers (3 archers), knights (2 knights).
[3] Coimbra: wood 60, iron 220. Can build archers (3 archers: 60 wood, 30 iron), knights (2 knights: 60 wood, 60 iron). Currently has 15 troops.
[4] Badajoz: wood 60, iron 90. Can build archers (3 archers), knights (2 knights).
[5] Faro: wood 60, iron 90. Can build archers (3 archers), knights (2 knights).
[7] Salamanca: wood 60, iron 90. Has 14 spearman, 8 archer, 2 knight (24 troops). Can build archers (3 archers), knights (2 knights), spearmen (4 spearmen: 60 wood).
[8] Toledo: wood 60, iron 60. Has 9 troops. Can build archers (3 archers: 60 wood, 30 iron), knights (1 knight: 30 wood, 30 iron), spearmen (4 spearmen: 60 wood).
[9] Sevilha: wood 70, iron 50. Has 1 troop. Can build archers (2 archers: 40 wood, 20 iron), knights (1 knight: 30 wood, 30 iron), spearmen (4 spearmen: 60 wood).
[11] Cordoba: wood 70, iron 50. Has 15 troops. Can build archers (2 archers), knights (1 knight).
[15] Murcia: wood 70, iron 50. Has 2 troops. Can build archers (2 archers), knights (1 knight).

Let's look at the front lines.
Porto [6] is weak (defense 10, garrison 1 spearman, 2 archers, 1 knight). If I attack it from Coimbra [3] and Salamanca [7], I can easily take it.
But wait, if I attack Porto, the enemy might reinforce it or attack my villages.
Let's look at the enemy's potential moves. The enemy has Madrid [12], Teruel [13], Valencia [16] heavily reinforced.
Madrid has 5 spearmen, 6 archers, 3 knights.
Teruel has 5 spearmen, 14 archers, 8 knights.
Valencia has 2 spearmen, 7 archers, 3 knights.
Porto has 1 spearman, 2 archers, 1 knight.
If I attack Porto [6] from Coimbra [3] with 14 archers, 1 knight, and from Salamanca [7] with some troops.
Wait, if I send troops from Coimbra and Salamanca to Porto, they will fight separately? "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So if I send 14 archers + 1 knight from Coimbra, and 14 spearmen + 8 archers + 2 knights from Salamanca, they will fight the garrison of Porto one after another.
Wait, if I send them, they march for 1 turn (fast).
Let's calculate the march times:
From [3] Coimbra to [6] Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So if I send knights, they arrive in 1 turn. If I send archers, 1 turn. If spearmen, 1 turn.
From [7] Salamanca to [6] Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So 1 turn for all.
Wait, if they both arrive on the same turn, they fight one at a time. The first one fights the garrison, the second one fights the winner? Or do they fight the garrison sequentially?
"The same rule protects your INTERIOR villages... Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
This means the first send fights the current garrison. If it wins, it stays as the new garrison (with losses). Then the second send arrives and fights the new garrison (which is my own troops from the first send!). This is bad! I would be fighting my own troops!
Wait, "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up... each send fights alone, one at a time."
If I send from two villages to an ENEMY village, the first one attacks the enemy garrison. If it wins, it conquers the village and the survivors become the garrison. Then the second one arrives and attacks the garrison (which is now the first send's survivors). Since "Your own armies never fight each other: they pass freely", wait!
"Your own armies never fight each other: they pass freely."
Ah! "Your own armies never fight each other: they pass freely." So if the first send conquers the village, the second send will just join the garrison as reinforcements!
Let's re-read carefully: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
"Your own armies never fight each other: they pass freely."
So if the first send conquers the village, the second send, arriving at the same time, will see it's owned by me and just reinforce it? Or does it fight the enemy garrison if the first send hasn't conquered it yet?
Actually, the order of arrivals might matter, or they just fight the garrison at the moment of arrival. But since they arrive on the same turn, the first one fights the enemy, conquers it, then the second one arrives and joins.
But what if the first one LOSES? Then the village is still enemy, and the second one fights the enemy.
What if I only send from one village? Then it just fights the enemy.
Is it better to send from Coimbra [3] only, or from Salamanca [7] only, or both?
Let's look at the forces.
Porto garrison: 1 spearman, 2 archers, 1 knight. Effective defense 10.
If I send 14 archers + 1 knight from Coimbra [3]:
My army: 14 archers (attack 2 each = 28), 1 knight (attack 4). Total attack power = 32.
Most numerous type: archer. So counter matchup: archer vs spearman? No, the defender has 1 spearman, 2 archers, 1 knight. Most numerous is archer (2). Archer vs archer is no counter.
Wait, the defender's most numerous type is archer (2). My most numerous is archer (14). Archer vs archer is no counter.
So no 1.5x bonus.
Defender's defense: Porto is a village, so defense x1.25. Effective defense is already given as 10.
Wait, effective defense 10 is the final defense value. Let's calculate the raw defense:
1 spearman (defense 2), 2 archers (defense 2 each = 4), 1 knight (defense 2). Total raw defense = 2 + 4 + 2 = 8.
With village bonus x1.25: 8 * 1.25 = 10. Yes, effective defense is 10.
My attack power: 14 archers * 2 = 28, 1 knight * 4 = 4. Total = 32.
32 vs 10. I win easily.
Losses: The loser (defender) has effective force 10. The winner loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types.
Wait, "The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself."
Loser's effective force is 10. Half is 5.
So I lose troops worth 5 effective force.
How is it spread? "spread over its troop types". Usually, it takes a proportional amount of my troops.
My army has 14 archers and 1 knight. Total attack power 32.
Losses worth 5 attack power? Or defense?
"The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types"
Usually, it means the loser's effective force (which is 10) / 2 = 5. This 5 is the effective force of the troops I lose.
Since my troops have attack values, maybe it takes some archers/knights such that their total attack is around 5.
Let's say 2 archers (attack 4) and maybe some fraction, or 1 knight (attack 4) and 1 archer (attack 2).
Anyway, I will lose a few troops, but I will conquer Porto.
If I also send from Salamanca [7] on the same turn:
Salamanca has 14 spearmen, 8 archers, 2 knights.
If I send them, they arrive after Coimbra's troops (or before). If Coimbra's troops conquer Porto, Salamanca's troops just join them. This is very efficient! I can bring a huge army to Porto without fighting twice.
Wait, is there any risk that the enemy sends reinforcements to Porto?
The enemy can send troops from Vigo [10], Burgos [14], Madrid [12], etc.
But the enemy writes their orders at the same time as me, over the snapshot of the map I am reading now.
So the enemy cannot react to my movement this turn. They can only send troops that were ordered last turn (which are already on the march, but "none sighted").
So no enemy troops are marching to Porto.
But the enemy can send troops from their villages this turn. However, they don't know I am attacking Porto (they write orders simultaneously).
So I can safely send troops from Coimbra and Salamanca to Porto.
Wait, if I send from Salamanca, I leave Salamanca empty. Salamanca is a border village facing Porto [6] and Madrid [12].
If I leave Salamanca empty, the enemy might attack it from Madrid [12] or Porto [6] (if they send troops).
But Salamanca has effective defense 60 if garrisoned. If empty, its defense is 0 (or just the village base defense).
Wait, "effective defense (location bonus included): 60 | troops at home: 24 / 300".
If I send all 24 troops, the village has 0 troops. Its effective defense would be just the village defense without troops?
Usually, a village without troops has a base defense, but much lower. Let's check if I should leave it empty.
Actually, I don't need to send ALL troops from Salamanca. I can send, say, 10 spearmen and 5 archers, keeping some to defend.
But Coimbra has 14 archers and 1 knight, which is enough to take Porto.
Let's see: if I send 14 archers and 1 knight from Coimbra, they will conquer Porto.
Then Salamanca's troops can arrive and reinforce Porto.
Let's check the march time from Salamanca to Porto: 1 fast turn.
So if I send from Salamanca, they arrive in 1 turn.
Let's plan to send:
From Coimbra [3]: 14 archers, 1 knight (all available). To Porto [6].
From Salamanca [7]: 14 spearmen, 8 archers, 2 knights (all available). To Porto [6].
Wait, if I send all from Salamanca, Salamanca is empty. Is that risky?
Salamanca is bordered by Porto [6] and Madrid [12].
If the enemy attacks Salamanca from Madrid, and I have no troops, they will take it.
But the enemy has to march from Madrid to Salamanca. Madrid is 1 fast turn from Salamanca.
If the enemy sends troops from Madrid to Salamanca, they will arrive in 1 turn.
If I send from Salamanca to Porto, they arrive in 1 turn.
So if both send, they meet at Salamanca? No, my troops are leaving Salamanca, enemy troops are entering Salamanca. They would meet on the road or at the village.
Actually, if I leave Salamanca empty, it's vulnerable.
Maybe I should keep some troops in Salamanca, or send only a part.
But Coimbra has 14 archers and 1 knight. That's 15 troops. Porto has 4 troops (defense 10).
15 archers/knights vs 4 troops. I should win easily.
Let's calculate the battle:
My attack: 14 archers (28) + 1 knight (4) = 32.
Enemy defense: 10.
I win. Losses: ~5 effective force, so maybe 2 archers or 1 knight + 1 archer.
So I will have ~13 troops left in Porto.
Then, I can send reinforcements from Salamanca to Porto. But they will arrive in 1 turn.
If I send them this turn, they arrive next turn.
Wait, if I send them this turn, they arrive on turn 18.
On turn 18, Porto will have my ~13 troops. The reinforcements from Salamanca will arrive and join them.
So I don't need to send them on the same turn as the attack!
I can send the attack from Coimbra this turn (turn 17). It arrives on turn 18, conquers Porto.
Then on turn 18, I can send troops from Salamanca to Porto to reinforce.
This is much safer! I keep Salamanca defended while Coimbra does the attack.
Wait, can I send from Coimbra to Porto, and from Salamanca to Coimbra to reinforce Coimbra?
Yes, but why? Coimbra is already strong.
Let's look at other fronts.
Toledo [8] faces Madrid [12] and Teruel [13].
Teruel has 5 spearmen, 14 archers, 8 knights (defense 68). That's a lot.
Madrid has 5 spearmen, 6 archers, 3 knights (defense 35).
Toledo has 9 archers. Not enough to attack Madrid or Teruel.
Murcia [15] faces Valencia [16] (defense 30, 2 spearmen, 7 archers, 3 knights).
Murcia has 2 archers. Not enough.
So the only viable attack right now is Porto [6] from Coimbra [3].
Let's check if I can attack Porto from Salamanca instead.
Salamanca has 14 spearmen, 8 archers, 2 knights. Total 24 troops.
If I attack Porto from Salamanca:
My army: 14 spearmen (attack 1 each = 14), 8 archers (attack 2 each = 16), 2 knights (attack 4 each = 8). Total attack = 38.
Most numerous: spearmen (14). Defender has archer (2) as most numerous.
Wait, spearman counters knight, archer counters spearman, knight counters archer.
My most numerous is spearman. Defender's most numerous is archer.
Archer counters spearman! So the defender has the counter bonus?
"Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5 (every troop in it, not only the countering type)."
"The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
My most numerous: spearman. Defender's most numerous: archer.
Archer counters spearman. So the DEFENDER has the counter bonus!
So defender's force is multiplied by 1.5.
Defender's effective defense is 10. With counter bonus, it becomes 15?
Wait, "effective defense (location bonus included): 10". Does the counter bonus apply to defense?
"Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5"
Yes, the whole army's force. So defense would be 10 * 1.5 = 15.
My attack is 38. 38 vs 15. I still win.
But if I attack from Coimbra with archers:
My most numerous: archer. Defender's most numerous: archer. No counter.
My attack 32 vs defense 10. Much better ratio!
So attacking from Coimbra is better because no counter bonus for the enemy.
Also, Coimbra is closer (1 turn) and I don't empty Salamanca.

Let's check if I should build any troops.
I have resources in my villages.
Let's see what I can build to increase my army.
I want to eventually take Madrid [12] and Teruel [13] and Valencia [16].
To take Madrid [12] (defense 35), I need a strong army.
To take Teruel [13] (defense 68), I need a very strong army.
Let's look at my villages and what they can build:
[7] Salamanca: wood 60, iron 90. Can build 4 spearmen (60 wood) or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
Since I have many archers already, maybe I need spearmen or knights?
Spearmen are cheap (15 wood) and counter knights. Madrid has 3 knights, Teruel has 8 knights.
Knights are expensive but fast and strong.
Let's build spearmen in Salamanca: 4 spearmen (cost 60 wood).
[8] Toledo: wood 60, iron 60. Can build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 4 spearmen (60 wood) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
Let's build 4 spearmen in Toledo (cost 60 wood). Toledo is close to Madrid and Teruel.
[11] Cordoba: wood 70, iron 50. Can build 4 spearmen (60 wood) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
Let's build 4 spearmen in Cordoba.
[1] Santarem: wood 70, iron 140. Can build 4 spearmen (60 wood) or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
Let's build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) for speed and power.
[3] Coimbra: wood 60, iron 220. Can build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
Let's build 2 knights in Coimbra. They are fast and can reinforce Porto quickly.
[0] Lisboa: wood 70, iron 90. Can build 4 spearmen (60 wood) or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
Let's build 2 knights in Lisboa.
[2] Evora: wood 70, iron 120. Can build 4 spearmen or 3 archers or 2 knights.
Let's build 2 knights in Evora.
[4] Badajoz: wood 60, iron 90. Can build 4 spearmen or 3 archers or 2 knights.
Let's build 4 spearmen in Badajoz.
[5] Faro: wood 60, iron 90. Can build 4 spearmen or 3 archers or 2 knights.
Let's build 4 spearmen in Faro.
[9] Sevilha: wood 70, iron 50. Can build 4 spearmen or 2 archers or 1 knight.
Let's build 4 spearmen in Sevilha.
[15] Murcia: wood 70, iron 50. Can build 4 spearmen or 2 archers or 1 knight.
Let's build 4 spearmen in Murcia.

Wait, I need to be careful about the cap of 300 troops per village.
Currently, my villages have:
[0] Lisboa: 3
[1] Santarem: 15
[2] Evora: 12
[3] Coimbra: 15
[4] Badajoz: 2
[5] Faro: 3
[7] Salamanca: 24
[8] Toledo: 9
[9] Sevilha: 1
[11] Cordoba: 15
[15] Murcia: 2
All are well below 300, so I can build as much as resources allow.

Let's focus on the immediate action: attack Porto [6].
I will send all available troops from Coimbra [3] to Porto [6]:
14 archers, 1 knight.
Wait, if I send all, Coimbra is empty. Is that safe?
Coimbra is bordered by Porto [6] and Salamanca [7] and Santarem [1] and Lisboa [0].
If the enemy attacks Coimbra from Porto, and I have no troops, they could take it.
But the enemy in Porto has only 4 troops. They are unlikely to attack Coimbra while they are weak.
Also, I can reinforce Coimbra from Santarem [1] or Lisboa [0] next turn if needed.
But to be safe, maybe I should keep some troops in Coimbra?
If I keep 5 archers, I send 9 archers, 1 knight.
9 archers (18) + 1 knight (4) = 22 attack vs 10 defense. Still a win.
Let's send 9 archers and 1 knight from Coimbra to Porto. Keep 5 archers in Coimbra.
Wait, Coimbra has 14 archers, 1 knight. If I send 9 archers, 1 knight, I keep 5 archers.
Let's do that.

What about other movements?
I want to gather troops towards the front lines.
Santarem [1] has 15 archers. It can send troops to Coimbra [3] to reinforce the front.
Let's send 10 archers from Santarem [1] to Coimbra [3].
Evora [2] has 12 archers. It can send troops to Badajoz [4] or Faro [5] or Lisboa [0].
Let's send 10 archers from Evora [2] to Badajoz [4].
Badajoz [4] is close to Toledo [8] and Salamanca [7].
Lisboa [0] has 3 archers. It can send to Santarem [1] or Evora [2]. Let's send 3 archers to Santarem [1].
Cordoba [11] has 15 archers. It can send to Toledo [8] or Sevilha [9] or Murcia [15].
Let's send 10 archers from Cordoba [11] to Toledo [8].
Sevilha [9] has 1 archer. Send to Cordoba [11] or Toledo [8]. Let's send to Toledo [8] via Badajoz? No, direct road: Sevilha [9] to Cordoba [11] or Badajoz [4] or Faro [5].
Road network for Sevilha [9]: [4], [5], [11].
So Sevilha can send to Cordoba [11] or Badajoz [4]. Let's send 1 archer to Cordoba [11].
Murcia [15] has 2 archers. Road: [11], [16]. So it can send to Cordoba [11] or Valencia [16] (enemy).
Let's send 2 archers from Murcia [15] to Cordoba [11].

Let's review the builds I planned:
- Salamanca [7]: build 4 spearmen (cost 60 wood).
- Toledo [8]: build 4 spearmen (cost 60 wood).
- Cordoba [11]: build 4 spearmen (cost 60 wood).
- Santarem [1]: build 2 knights (cost 60 wood, 60 iron).
- Coimbra [3]: build 2 knights (cost 60 wood, 60 iron).
- Lisboa [0]: build 2 knights (cost 60 wood, 60 iron).
- Evora [2]: build 2 knights (cost 60 wood, 60 iron).
- Badajoz [4]: build 4 spearmen (cost 60 wood).
- Faro [5]: build 4 spearmen (cost 60 wood).
- Sevilha [9]: build 4 spearmen (cost 60 wood).
- Murcia [15]: build 4 spearmen (cost 60 wood).

Wait, do I have enough resources?
Let's check wood and iron for each village:
[0] Lisboa: wood 70, iron 90. Build 2 knights: wood 60, iron 60. Remaining: wood 10, iron 30.
[1] Santarem: wood 70, iron 140. Build 2 knights: wood 60, iron 60. Remaining: wood 10, iron 80.
[2] Evora: wood 70, iron 120. Build 2 knights: wood 60, iron 60. Remaining: wood 10, iron 60.
[3] Coimbra: wood 60, iron 220. Build 2 knights: wood 60, iron 60. Remaining: wood 0, iron 160.
[4] Badajoz: wood 60, iron 90. Build 4 spearmen: wood 60, iron 0. Remaining: wood 0, iron 90.
[5] Faro: wood 60, iron 90. Build 4 spearmen: wood 60, iron 0. Remaining: wood 0, iron 90.
[7] Salamanca: wood 60, iron 90. Build 4 spearmen: wood 60, iron 0. Remaining: wood 0, iron 90.
[8] Toledo: wood 60, iron 60. Build 4 spearmen: wood 60, iron 0. Remaining: wood 0, iron 60.
[9] Sevilha: wood 70, iron 50. Build 4 spearmen: wood 60, iron 0. Remaining: wood 10, iron 50.
[11] Cordoba: wood 70, iron 50. Build 4 spearmen: wood 60, iron 0. Remaining: wood 10, iron 50.
[15] Murcia: wood 70, iron 50. Build 4 spearmen: wood 60, iron 0. Remaining: wood 10, iron 50.

This looks very good. I am building a mix of spearmen and knights.
Wait, spearmen are slow, knights are fast.
I am building knights in the rear (Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, Coimbra) and spearmen in the front (Salamanca, Toledo, Cordoba, Badajoz, Faro, Sevilha, Murcia).
This makes sense: knights can march quickly to the front, spearmen are built near the front for defense and counter to enemy knights.

Let's double check the movements:
1. Coimbra [3] to Porto [6]: 9 archers, 1 knight.
Wait, Coimbra has 14 archers, 1 knight. If I send 9 archers, 1 knight, I keep 5 archers.
Let's check if I should send all 14 archers and 1 knight to ensure a crushing victory and minimal losses.
If I send all, Coimbra is empty. But I can reinforce Coimbra from Santarem [1] (10 archers) on the same turn!
If I send 10 archers from Santarem to Coimbra, they will arrive on turn 18.
And I send 14 archers, 1 knight from Coimbra to Porto on turn 17. They arrive on turn 18.
So on turn 18, Coimbra will have 10 archers (from Santarem) and Porto will have my troops.
This is perfect! I can empty Coimbra to attack Porto, and Santarem fills it up.
Let's do that:
From Coimbra [3] to Porto [6]: 14 archers, 1 knight.
From Santarem [1] to Coimbra [3]: 15 archers (all available).
Wait, Santarem has 15 archers. If I send all 15, Santarem is empty.
But I can build 2 knights in Santarem this turn! They will be built and stay in Santarem.
So Santarem will have 2 knights at home, and 15 archers marching.
Coimbra will have 15 archers arriving, and 0 at home (since all 14 archers + 1 knight marched).
This is very good.

Let's check Evora [2]: 12 archers. Send to Badajoz [4]: 12 archers.
Badajoz [2] has 2 archers. So Badajoz will have 14 archers.
Lisboa [0]: 3 archers. Send to Santarem [1]: 3 archers.
Santarem will have 3 archers arriving, plus 2 knights built. So 3 archers, 2 knights.
Cordoba [11]: 15 archers. Send to Toledo [8]: 15 archers.
Toledo has 9 archers. So Toledo will have 24 archers.
Sevilha [9]: 1 archer. Send to Cordoba [11]: 1 archer.
Cordoba will have 1 archer arriving, plus 4 spearmen built. So 1 archer, 4 spearmen.
Murcia [15]: 2 archers. Send to Cordoba [11]: 2 archers.
Cordoba will have 2 archers arriving, plus 4 spearmen built. So 2 archers, 4 spearmen.

Wait, can I send from Murcia [15] to Cordoba [11]?
Road network:
[15] Murcia: [11], [16].
[11] Cordoba: [8], [9], [15].
Yes, direct road between [15] and [11].
Can I send from Sevilha [9] to Cordoba [11]?
[9] Sevilha: [4], [5], [11].
Yes, direct road.

Let's check the march times:
From Santarem [1] to Coimbra [3]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Since I send archers (medium), it takes 1 medium turn. So they arrive on turn 18.
From Coimbra [3] to Porto [6]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
I send archers (medium) and knight (fast). The army marches at the speed of the slowest (medium). So 1 turn.
They arrive on turn 18.
From Evora [2] to Badajoz [4]:
Road: [2] Evora to [5] Faro to [4] Badajoz?
Let's check road network:
[2] Evora: [0], [5].
[5] Faro: [2], [4], [9].
[4] Badajoz: [1], [5], [7], [8], [9].
So from Evora [2] to Badajoz [4], the path is [2] -> [5] -> [4].
That's 2 edges.
March time: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Faro.
Wait, the report says:
[5] Faro: from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
[2] Evora: from here to your nearest border village [3] Coimbra: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns.
Let's calculate the distance from Evora [2] to Badajoz [4]:
Path: [2] -> [5] -> [4].
Distance is 2 edges.
If I send archers (medium), it might take 2 turns.
Let's check if there is a shorter path.
[2] Evora: [0], [5].
[0] Lisboa: [1], [2].
[1] Santarem: [0], [3], [4].
So [2] -> [0] -> [1] -> [4]. That's 3 edges.
So [2] -> [5] -> [4] is 2 edges.
March time for 2 edges with medium troops: probably 2 turns.
If it takes 2 turns, they arrive on turn 19. That's fine, Badajoz is not a critical front yet.
From Lisboa [0] to Santarem [1]:
[0] Lisboa: [1], [2].
Direct road to [1]. 1 edge.
March time: 1 turn.
From Cordoba [11] to Toledo [8]:
[11] Cordoba: [8], [9], [15].
Direct road to [8]. 1 edge.
March time: 1 turn.
From Sevilha [9] to Cordoba [11]:
[9] Sevilha: [4], [5], [11].
Direct road to [11]. 1 edge.
March time: 1 turn.
From Murcia [15] to Cordoba [11]:
[15] Murcia: [11], [16].
Direct road to [11]. 1 edge.
March time: 1 turn.

Let's double check if I should send troops to Salamanca [7] or Toledo [8] to attack Madrid [12] or Teruel [13].
Currently, my troops in Toledo [8] will be 24 archers (9 existing + 15 from Cordoba).
Madrid has 5 spearmen, 6 archers, 3 knights (defense 35).
24 archers have attack 48. 48 vs 35. I can attack Madrid!
But wait, if I attack Madrid from Toledo [8], I need to send troops.
Toledo is 1 turn from Madrid.
If I send 24 archers from Toledo to Madrid, they arrive on turn 18.
But I should wait until I have more troops, or maybe attack now?
Madrid's defense is 35. My 24 archers have attack 48.
Most numerous: archer. Defender's most numerous: archer (6). No counter.
So 48 vs 35. I win.
But losses: defender has effective force 35. Half is 17.5.
I will lose troops worth ~17.5 effective force.
Since my troops are all archers (attack 2), I will lose ~9 archers.
So I will have ~15 archers left in Madrid.
That's a good start, but maybe I should wait to gather more troops from other villages first?
If I attack Madrid now, I can conquer it. But I need to hold it.
If I conquer Madrid, I will have 12 villages. Still need 18.
Let's focus on Porto [6] first, then Madrid, then Teruel, then Valencia.
Porto is the easiest (defense 10).
Let's write the plan:
"Plan: Attack Porto [6] from Coimbra [3] this turn. Gather troops from Santarem, Evora, Cordoba to reinforce Coimbra, Toledo, and Badajoz. Next turn, attack Madrid [12] from Toledo [8] and Salamanca [7]. Build spearmen and knights to build up the army."

Let's refine the movements and builds.

Builds:
- Lisboa [0]: 2 knights (cost 60 wood, 60 iron)
- Santarem [1]: 2 knights (cost 60 wood, 60 iron)
- Evora [2]: 2 knights (cost 60 wood, 60 iron)
- Coimbra [3]: 2 knights (cost 60 wood, 60 iron)
- Badajoz [4]: 4 spearmen (cost 60 wood)
- Faro [5]: 4 spearmen (cost 60 wood)
- Salamanca [7]: 4 spearmen (cost 60 wood)
- Toledo [8]: 4 spearmen (cost 60 wood)
- Sevilha [9]: 4 spearmen (cost 60 wood)
- Cordoba [11]: 4 spearmen (cost 60 wood)
- Murcia [15]: 4 spearmen (cost 60 wood)

Movements:
- Coimbra [3] to Porto [6]: 14 archers, 1 knight (all available)
- Santarem [1] to Coimbra [3]: 15 archers (all available)
- Evora [2] to Badajoz [4]: 12 archers (all available)
- Lisboa [0] to Santarem [1]: 3 archers (all available)
- Cordoba [11] to Toledo [8]: 15 archers (all available)
- Sevilha [9] to Cordoba [11]: 1 archer (all available)
- Murcia [15] to Cordoba [11]: 2 archers (all available)

Wait, if I send 15 archers from Santarem to Coimbra, and 14 archers, 1 knight from Coimbra to Porto.
Coimbra will have 0 troops at home, but 15 archers arriving.
Porto will have my troops arriving.
This is good.

Let's check if I should send from Salamanca [7] to somewhere.
Salamanca has 14 spearmen, 8 archers, 2 knights.
Should I send some to Porto [6] to reinforce after it's taken?
If I send them this turn, they arrive on turn 18.
But Porto will be conquered on turn 18 by Coimbra's troops.
If Salamanca's troops arrive on turn 18, they will just join the garrison.
Let's send 10 spearmen, 5 archers, 1 knight from Salamanca [7] to Porto [6].
This will make Porto very strong.
But then Salamanca has only 4 spearmen, 3 archers, 1 knight left.
Salamanca faces Madrid [12] and Porto [6].
If Porto is mine, Salamanca is safe from Porto.
But Madrid is still a threat.
With 4 spearmen, 3 archers, 1 knight, Salamanca can defend itself against a small attack.
Let's send 10 spearmen, 5 archers, 1 knight from Salamanca [7] to Porto [6].
Wait, if I send from Salamanca to Porto, they march along the road: [7] -> [6].
Is there a direct road?
Road network:
[7] Salamanca: [3], [4], [6], [12].
Yes, direct road to [6] Porto.
March time: 1 turn.
So they arrive on turn 18.
This is great. Porto will have Coimbra's troops + Salamanca's troops.
Let's do that.

Let's check the exact numbers for Salamanca [7]:
Available: 14 spearmen, 8 archers, 2 knights.
Send: 10 spearmen, 5 archers, 1 knight.
Keep: 4 spearmen, 3 archers, 1 knight.

Let's check Coimbra [3]:
Available: 14 archers, 1 knight.
Send: 14 archers, 1 knight to Porto [6].
Keep: 0.

Let's check Santarem [1]:
Available: 15 archers.
Send: 15 archers to Coimbra [3].
Keep: 0 (plus 2 knights built).

Let's check Evora [2]:
Available: 12 archers.
Send: 12 archers to Badajoz [4].
Keep: 0 (plus 2 knights built).

Let's check Lisboa [0]:
Available: 3 archers.
Send: 3 archers to Santarem [1].
Keep: 0 (plus 2 knights built).

Let's check Cordoba [11]:
Available: 15 archers.
Send: 15 archers to Toledo [8].
Keep: 0 (plus 4 spearmen built).

Let's check Sevilha [9]:
Available: 1 archer.
Send: 1 archer to Cordoba [11].
Keep: 0 (plus 4 spearmen built).

Let's check Murcia [15]:
Available: 2 archers.
Send: 2 archers to Cordoba [11].
Keep: 0 (plus 4 spearmen built).

Let's check Badajoz [4]:
Available: 2 archers.
Keep: 2 archers (plus 12 archers from Evora, plus 4 spearmen built).

Let's check Faro [5]:
Available: 3 archers.
Keep: 3 archers (plus 4 spearmen built).

Let's check Toledo [8]:
Available: 9 archers.
Keep: 9 archers (plus 15 archers from Cordoba, plus 4 spearmen built).

This looks like a massive movement of troops towards the front!
Coimbra -> Porto (attack)
Santarem -> Coimbra (reinforce)
Salamanca -> Porto (reinforce)
Cordoba -> Toledo (reinforce)
Evora -> Badajoz (reinforce)
Lisboa -> Santarem (reinforce)
Sevilha -> Cordoba (reinforce)
Murcia -> Cordoba (reinforce)

This is a very coordinated plan.
Let's write the JSON.

Builds:
[
  {"villageId": 0, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 1, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 2, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 3, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 4, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
  {"villageId": 5, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
  {"villageId": 7, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
  {"villageId": 8, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
  {"villageId": 9, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
  {"villageId": 11, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
  {"villageId": 15, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4}
]

Movements:
[
  {"fromId": 3, "toId": 6, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 14, "knight": 1}},
  {"fromId": 1, "toId": 3, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 15, "knight": 0}},
  {"fromId": 7, "toId": 6, "troops": {"spearman": 10, "archer": 5, "knight": 1}},
  {"fromId": 11, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 15, "knight": 0}},
  {"fromId": 2, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 12, "knight": 0}},
  {"fromId": 0, "toId": 1, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 3, "knight": 0}},
  {"fromId": 9, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}},
  {"fromId": 15, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 0}}
]

Let's double check if I have enough troops in the sending villages.
Coimbra [3]: 14 archers, 1 knight. Sending 14 archers, 1 knight. OK.
Santarem [1]: 15 archers. Sending 15 archers. OK.
Salamanca [7]: 14 spearmen, 8 archers, 2 knights. Sending 10 spearmen, 5 archers, 1 knight. OK.
Cordoba [11]: 15 archers. Sending 15 archers. OK.
Evora [2]: 12 archers. Sending 12 archers. OK.
Lisboa [0]: 3 archers. Sending 3 archers. OK.
Sevilha [9]: 1 archer. Sending 1 archer. OK.
Murcia [15]: 2 archers. Sending 2 archers. OK.

All good.

Let's write the plan and statement.
Plan: "Attack Porto [6] from Coimbra [3] and reinforce with Salamanca [7]. Gather archers from Santarem, Evora, Cordoba to reinforce Coimbra, Badajoz, and Toledo. Build spearmen and knights to expand the army for the next push towards Madrid [12] and Teruel [13]."
Statement: "I am launching a coordinated attack on Porto [6] from Coimbra [3] and Salamanca [7]. I am moving all available archers from the rear to the front lines to prepare for the next pushes towards Madrid and Teruel. I am also building a mix of spearmen and knights to strengthen my villages and prepare for future battles."

Let's check the JSON format.
{
  "build": [ {"villageId": <id>, "type": <type>, "quantity": <qty>} ],
  "movements": [ {"fromId": <id>, "toId": <id>, "troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}} ],
  "plan": "<plan>",
  "statement": "<statement>"
}

Let's make sure the JSON is valid and contains only the requested fields.
Everything looks correct. I will output the JSON now.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":3,"destinoId":6,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":14,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":1,"destinoId":3,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":15,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":7,"destinoId":6,"tropas":{"lanceiro":10,"arqueiro":5,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":11,"destinoId":8,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":15,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":2,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":12,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":0,"destinoId":1,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":9,"destinoId":11,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":15,"destinoId":11,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":0}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [0]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [0]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [1]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [1]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [2]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [2]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [3]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [8]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [8]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [8]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [8]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [15]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [15]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [15]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [15]
ACEITO envio [3]->[6]: 14A+1K
ACEITO envio [1]->[3]: 15A
ACEITO envio [7]->[6]: 10S+5A+1K
ACEITO envio [11]->[8]: 15A
ACEITO envio [2]->[4]: 12A
ACEITO envio [0]->[1]: 3A
ACEITO envio [9]->[11]: 1A
ACEITO envio [15]->[11]: 2A
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Attack Porto [6] from Coimbra [3] and reinforce with Salamanca [7]. Gather archers from Santarem, Evora, Cordoba to reinforce Coimbra, Badajoz, and Toledo. Build spearmen and knights to expand the army for the next push towards Madrid [12] and Teruel [13].
depoimento (so tela/narracao): I am launching a coordinated attack on Porto [6] from Coimbra [3] and Salamanca [7]. I am moving all available archers from the rear to the front lines to prepare for the next pushes towards Madrid and Teruel. I am also building a mix of spearmen and knights to strengthen my villages and prepare for future battles.
########## TURNO 17 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3422 | resposta 12307 | raciocinio 12307 | finish content_filter | ms 143171
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: We need to analyze the situation. The user is King B, currently holds 13 of 24 villages. Need to hold 18 for 2 consecutive turns to win, or eliminate every enemy village. The enemy capital is Lisboa (0) but not required to win. The enemy is King A.

Current state: Turn 17. We have 13 villages. We need to expand. We have many villages, but some are weak. We have troops at home: total 127 soldiers (31 spearman, 58 archer, 38 knight). We have no armies marching. Enemy has no armies sighted.

We need to plan builds and movements. We have resources: each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. We need to build troops. Costs: spearman 15 wood, 0 iron; archer 20 wood, 10 iron; knight 30 wood, 30 iron. We need to check resources per village.

Let's list our villages with resources and available troops:

1. Barcelona (22): wood 40, iron 30. Troops at home: 17/300. Available to send: 6 spearman, 6 archer, 5 knight. Can build more? We need to see resources. It has 40 wood, 30 iron. It can build troops. But we need to decide what to build. We can build spearman (15 wood), archer (20 wood, 10 iron), knight (30 wood, 30 iron). With 40 wood, 30 iron, we could build e.g., 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) leaving 0 wood, 10 iron; or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 10 wood, 0 iron; or 2 spearman (30 wood) leaving 10 wood, 30 iron; etc. But we also need to consider that we can send troops from other villages. We need to decide on a strategy.

We need to capture more villages to reach 18. We have 13, need 5 more. The enemy villages we can see: [15] Murcia (enemy), garrison 2 archers, effective defense 5 (was 13, 4 turns ago). That's a weak village. [7] Salamanca: garrison 14 spearmen, 8 archers, 2 knights, defense 60. [8] Toledo: garrison 9 archers, defense 23. [3] Coimbra: garrison 14 archers, 1 knight, defense 38. Also [11] Cordoba last seen enemy with 9 archers, but out of sight now. Unexplored: [4] Badajoz, [9] Sevilha, [5] Faro, [1] Santarem, [0] Lisboa (enemy capital), [2] Evora.

We need to attack and capture enemy villages. The easiest is Murcia (15) with defense 5. It is connected to Valencia (16) and Cordoba (11). We have Valencia with troops: 12 at home, available to send: 2 spearman, 7 archer, 3 knight (attack power 28). That's enough to take Murcia? Let's compute combat.

Combat rules: When attacking, we use ATTACK values of our troops, defender uses DEFENSE. Counter triangle: spearman counters knight (1.5x), archer counters spearman (1.5x), knight counters archer (1.5x). The most numerous type sets the counter matchup. Defending in a village: defense counts x1.25, in castle x1.5. The effective defense given already includes location bonus. So for Murcia, effective defense is 5. That's very low. Our attack power if we send all from Valencia: 2 spearman (attack 1 each = 2), 7 archer (attack 2 each = 14), 3 knight (attack 4 each = 12). Total attack = 28. But we need to consider counter. The most numerous type: archers (7). So we are using archers as main. Archers counter spearman? Actually archer counters spearman. But the defender has only 2 archers. The defender's most numerous type is archers (2). So the counter matchup: our main type is archer, defender's main type is archer. There is no counter bonus because archer does not counter archer. So no bonus. So our effective attack is 28. Defender effective defense is 5. We have higher force, so we win. Losses: we take losses against defender's effective force. The winner takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force). So we will lose some troops. But we should win easily.

But we also need to consider that we can send reinforcements from other villages. However, we need to be careful: we can only send troops that are available now. We also need to build troops for future.

We need to hold 18 villages. We have 13. If we take Murcia, we get 14. Then we need 4 more. We can also try to take other villages. But we need to plan carefully.

We also need to consider that the enemy may attack us. We have border villages: Valencia (border with 15), Teruel (border with 8), Madrid (border with 7,8), Porto (border with 3,7). So we could be attacked. We need to reinforce our border villages.

Let's check the defenses of our border villages: Valencia effective defense 30, Teruel 68, Madrid 35, Porto 10. Porto is weak (defense 10). It is bordered by Coimbra (3) and Salamanca (7). Coimbra has 14 archers, 1 knight, defense 38. Salamanca has 14 spearmen, 8 archers, 2 knights, defense 60. So Porto is vulnerable. We should reinforce Porto.

We have Vigo (10) interior, but can send to Porto. Vigo has 8 troops: 2 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight (attack 16). It can reinforce Porto. Also Burgos (14) can send to Madrid, etc.

We need to decide on builds. We have many villages with resources. We should build troops to increase our army. We need to consider that each village has a cap of 300 troops. Currently most have less than 300. We can build.

We need to write a plan. The user wants a JSON with build, movements, plan, statement.

Let's think about a strategy for this turn.

Goal: Capture Murcia to get to 14 villages. Also reinforce Porto to prevent losing it. Maybe also prepare to attack other villages.

We need to see the road network. Murcia (15) is connected to Valencia (16) and Cordoba (11). We can attack from Valencia. Valencia has 12 troops, can send up to 2 spearman, 7 archer, 3 knight. That's 12 troops. But we might want to send all to capture Murcia quickly. However, we also need to leave some defense in Valencia? Valencia is a border village, could be attacked from Murcia if we don't capture it, but if we capture Murcia, the border shifts. But we need to consider that the enemy might attack from Cordoba? Cordoba is enemy, but we don't know its garrison. It was last seen with 9 archers. It could attack Valencia. So we might want to leave some troops in Valencia for defense. But we can also send reinforcements from other villages to Valencia.

Alternatively, we could send a larger force from multiple villages. But movements are simultaneous, and armies from different villages fight separately. So if we send from Valencia and from another village to Murcia, they will arrive at different times? Actually, they march along roads. If we send from Valencia (1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn) to Murcia, it's 1 turn for fast, 1 for medium, 1 for slow. So if we send a mixed army, it takes 1 turn for knights, 1 for archers, 1 for spearmen? Actually, the report says "march from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means the travel time is 1 turn for slow troops, 1 for medium, 1 for fast? That seems odd: all are 1? Actually, it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means it takes 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast. So all troops arrive in 1 turn? That can't be right. Let's read carefully: "march from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". This likely means the number of turns for each speed type: slow troops take 1 turn, medium take 1 turn, fast take 1 turn. So it's a distance of 1 turn for all? But then why differentiate? Perhaps the distance is such that it takes 1 turn for fast, 1 for medium, 1 for slow? That would mean all arrive at the same time? Actually, if it takes 1 turn for slow, then all take 1 turn. But then the speed doesn't matter for this particular march. However, the report says "march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns" for other distances. So for Valencia to Murcia, it's 1 turn for all. So if we send troops, they will arrive next turn. So we can send from Valencia and they will arrive next turn. If we send from another village, it might take longer. For example, from Teruel to Murcia? Teruel is connected to Valencia and others, but to get to Murcia, you'd have to go through Valencia? Actually, road network: [13] Teruel connects to [8], [16], [17], [18]. [16] Valencia connects to [13], [15], [18]. So to go from Teruel to Murcia, you'd go Teruel -> Valencia -> Murcia. That would take 1 turn from Teruel to Valencia, then 1 turn from Valencia to Murcia, total 2 turns? But the report only gives distances from your nearest border village. For Teruel, it says "from here to your nearest border village [16] Valencia: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So Teruel to Valencia is 3 slow, 2 medium, 1 fast. Then Valencia to Murcia is 1 each. So total would be 4 slow, 3 medium, 2 fast? Actually, you'd have to march to Valencia first, then from Valencia to Murcia. But you can't send an army from Teruel directly to Murcia because the path goes through Valencia, which is your village. You can march through your own villages? The rules: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination. You cannot march past an enemy or neutral village to hit one behind it." But if the intermediate village is yours, do you stop? The rule says "stops at the first village on its path that is not yours". So if it's yours, you don't stop; you can pass through. So you could send from Teruel to Murcia, and it would pass through Valencia (yours) and continue to Murcia. But the travel time would be the sum of the segments. So it would take longer. So it's better to send from Valencia directly.

We could also send from other villages to Murcia, but they would have to go through Valencia or other routes. For example, from Castellon (18) to Valencia is 1 each, then to Murcia 1 each, so total 2 turns. So it's better to send from Valencia.

But we also need to consider that we can send from multiple villages to attack Murcia, but they will fight separately. If we send from Valencia and from Castellon, they arrive on different turns? Actually, if we send from Castellon with slow troops, they take 2 turns, while from Valencia they take 1 turn. So the Valencia army arrives first, fights, maybe wins, and then the Castellon army arrives later and fights the garrison that might be reinforced? But if we capture Murcia, it becomes ours, so the later army would just reinforce. But if the first army fails, the second army might arrive and fight. But it's risky.

Better to send a strong force from Valencia to capture Murcia in one turn. We have 12 troops there. We can also send from other villages to reinforce Valencia? But we can send troops to Valencia to increase its garrison, then from Valencia send to Murcia. But that would take multiple turns. We can do both: send troops to Valencia from nearby villages, and also send from Valencia to Murcia. But the troops sent to Valencia might not arrive in time to join the attack on Murcia if they take longer. For example, from Zaragoza (17) to Valencia: it says "from here to your nearest border village [16] Valencia: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast". Actually, Zaragoza is interior, nearest border is Valencia? Wait, Zaragoza is [17], it connects to [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]. It doesn't directly connect to Valencia. To get to Valencia, you'd go through Teruel? Actually, road network: [17] Zaragoza: [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]. [13] Teruel: [8], [16], [17], [18]. So Zaragoza -> Teruel -> Valencia. So distance: Zaragoza to Teruel is? The report for Zaragoza says "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That's to Madrid. To Teruel, it's not listed. But we can infer from the network: Zaragoza to Teruel is 1 road segment? Actually, they are connected directly: [17] Zaragoza connects to [13] Teruel. So the distance might be 1 turn for all? But the report says "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That suggests that the distance to Madrid is 1 turn for all. But Madrid is not directly connected? Wait, [17] Zaragoza connects to [12] Madrid? Yes, [12] Madrid: [7], [8], [14], [17]. So Zaragoza is directly connected to Madrid. So that's 1 turn. To Teruel, also directly connected: [13] Teruel: [8], [16], [17], [18]. So Zaragoza to Teruel is also 1 turn. Then Teruel to Valencia is 1 turn. So total 2 turns. So if we send from Zaragoza to Valencia, it takes 2 turns (for slow). So it wouldn't arrive in time for the attack on Murcia next turn.

So to capture Murcia next turn, we should send from Valencia. We can also send from other villages that are 1 turn away? Which villages are 1 turn from Murcia? Only Valencia is directly connected. Cordoba is also connected but is enemy. So we can only attack from Valencia.

So let's plan: Send all available troops from Valencia to Murcia to capture it. Valencia has 2 spearman, 7 archer, 3 knight. That's 12 troops. Attack power 28. Defender: 2 archers, defense 5. We should win. But we need to consider losses. We will lose some troops. The attrition: winner takes losses against loser's effective force. Our effective attack is 28, defender effective defense is 5. The loss we take is proportional? The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So we will lose some troops. Probably a few. But we have more troops in other villages.

We also need to reinforce Porto because it's weak. Porto has defense 10, and is bordered by Coimbra (38 defense) and Salamanca (60). It could be attacked. We should send troops to Porto from Vigo or Burgos. Vigo has 8 troops: 2 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight. Vigo to Porto: "from here to your nearest border village [6] Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So 1 turn. We can send all from Vigo to Porto. That would reinforce Porto. Vigo is interior, so it's safe. But we might want to keep some in Vigo? Vigo has no enemy border, so it's safe. We can send all.

Burgos (14) has 6 troops: 0 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight. It can send to Madrid or Vigo? Burgos connects to [10], [12], [19]. So it can send to Madrid (12) which is a border village. Madrid has defense 35, which is decent. But we might want to reinforce Madrid too. However, we need to decide.

We also have Teruel (13) with 27 troops: 5 spearman, 14 archer, 8 knight. That's a strong garrison. It borders Toledo (8) which has 23 defense. We could attack Toledo from Teruel. Teruel to Toledo: "march from [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to [8] Toledo? Actually, the report says "march from [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" but it doesn't specify to which village. It says "from here to your nearest border village [16] Valencia: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". Wait, that's to Valencia. But Teruel is border with [8] (enemy). So it should have a march to Toledo. Let's check the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" section: [8] Toledo is listed with "march from [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So yes, Teruel to Toledo is 1 turn for all. So we could attack Toledo from Teruel. Toledo has 9 archers, defense 23. Our attack from Teruel: 5 spearman (attack 5), 14 archer (attack 28), 8 knight (attack 32). Total attack 65. But we need to consider counter. Our most numerous type: archers (14). Defender's most numerous: archers (9). No counter bonus. So effective attack 65 vs defense 23. We should win easily. But we will take losses. However, capturing Toledo would give us another village. We have 13, need 5 more. If we take Murcia and Toledo, we get to 15. Then we need 3 more.

But we can only send one army per turn from each village? We can send multiple armies from the same village? The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So we can send from Teruel to Toledo, and also from other villages to Toledo? But they would fight separately. If we send from Teruel and from Madrid to Toledo? Madrid to Toledo: Madrid connects to [7], [8], [14], [17]. So Madrid to Toledo is 1 turn? The report for Madrid says "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" but that's from somewhere else. Actually, for Madrid, it says "march from [12] Madrid: ..." but we need to see the distance to Toledo. In the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" section, [8] Toledo says "march from [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". It doesn't list Madrid. But Madrid is connected to Toledo. So we can compute: Madrid to Toledo is likely 1 turn as well. But we don't have that info. We can still order it.

But we need to be careful: we have limited troops. We need to plan builds as well.

Let's consider the overall situation. We have 13 villages. We need 18 for 2 turns. So we need to capture 5 enemy villages. The enemy has many villages: we see 4 enemy villages (3,7,8,15) plus known from before (11) and unexplored (0,1,2,4,5,9). That's at least 11 enemy villages. So we need to conquer 5 of them. We can start with the weak ones: Murcia (15) defense 5, Toledo (8) defense 23, maybe Coimbra (3) defense 38, Salamanca (7) defense 60. Also we could explore unexplored ones, but we don't know their garrisons.

We should also consider that the enemy might attack us. We need to reinforce our border villages. Our weakest border is Porto (6) defense 10. Then Valencia (16) defense 30, but if we send all troops from Valencia to Murcia, it will be left with few troops. But if we capture Murcia, the border moves, and Valencia becomes interior? Actually, if we capture Murcia, then Valencia is no longer border with enemy? It would border our own Murcia. But Murcia is connected to Cordoba (enemy) and Valencia. So if we hold Murcia, then Cordoba could attack Murcia, and from Murcia attack Valencia. So Valencia would still be a border? Actually, it would be interior if we hold Murcia, because the enemy would need to go through Murcia to reach Valencia. But if we don't hold Murcia, it's enemy. So we need to hold it. So we should leave some troops in Valencia for defense? Or we can send reinforcements from other villages to Valencia after we capture Murcia.

We need to think about turn order. This turn (Turn 17), we give orders. Next turn (Turn 18), the movements and builds happen. So we need to decide what to do on Turn 17 that will take effect on Turn 18. The attack on Murcia from Valencia will arrive on Turn 18? The march time is 1 turn. So if we order on Turn 17, the troops start marching and arrive on Turn 18? Typically, in these games, if you send troops, they arrive at the beginning of the next turn? The report says "march from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means it takes 1 turn. So if we order now, they will be on the march for 1 turn, and arrive at the start of Turn 18? Or at the end of Turn 18? The combat happens when they arrive. We need to check the rules: "Each troop type has a speed... A MIXED army marches at the speed of its SLOWEST troop. The report shows travel time per speed (e.g. 'march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns')." So if we send a mixed army with slow troops, it takes the slow time. For Valencia to Murcia, it's 1 slow turn. So if we send spearmen, they take 1 turn. So they would arrive next turn. So on Turn 18, the army arrives and fights. So we can capture Murcia on Turn 18.

Similarly, if we send from Vigo to Porto, it's 1 turn, so they arrive on Turn 18 and reinforce Porto.

If we send from Teruel to Toledo, 1 turn, arrive on Turn 18.

So we can do multiple attacks simultaneously.

But we need to consider that we have limited troops. We need to ensure we have enough troops to hold captured villages. When we capture a village, we need to leave some troops there to hold it, otherwise the enemy might recapture it next turn. But we can send reinforcements later.

Let's list our available troops per village and decide what to send.

We need to write a JSON with build and movements. We can also build troops this turn. Building takes 1 turn. So if we build troops now, they will be available next turn (Turn 18) at the village. So we can build troops to reinforce or attack.

We need to decide what to build. We have resources. Let's check each village's resources and what we can build.

We'll go through each village:

1. Barcelona (22): wood 40, iron 30. Troops at home: 17. Available to send: 6 spearman, 6 archer, 5 knight. But we can also build more. We can build e.g., 2 archers (cost 20 wood, 10 iron each? Actually, archer costs 20 wood + 10 iron. So 2 archers cost 40 wood, 20 iron. We have 40 wood, 30 iron. So we could build 2 archers, leaving 0 wood, 10 iron. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 10 wood, 0 iron. Or 2 spearman (30 wood) leaving 10 wood, 30 iron. Or combination. We need to decide based on our needs. We might want to build archers because they are versatile. But we also need to consider that we have many archers already. We might need more knights for speed? But we have plenty of archers.

2. Tarragona (21): wood 40, iron 20. Troops at home: 12. Available: 0 spearman, 5 archer, 7 knight. Can build: with 40 wood, 20 iron. Could build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) leaving 0,0. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) - not enough iron. Or 2 spearman (30 wood) leaving 10 wood, 20 iron. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 20 wood, 10 iron. We might want to build archers.

3. Girona (23): wood 30, iron 120. Troops at home: 16. Available: 10 spearman, 3 archer, 3 knight. Can build: lots of iron. Could build knights: each 30 wood, 30 iron. With 30 wood, we can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 0 wood, 90 iron. Or archers: 20 wood, 10 iron. With 30 wood, we can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 110 iron. Or spearman: 15 wood. We could build 2 spearman (30 wood) leaving 0 wood, 120 iron. We might want to build knights because they are powerful, but we need wood. We could build more later.

4. Castellon (18): wood 30, iron 40. Troops at home: 1. Available: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. Can build: 1 knight? 30 wood, 30 iron -> yes, leaving 0 wood, 10 iron. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 30 iron. Or 2 spearman (30 wood) leaving 0 wood, 40 iron.

5. Zaragoza (17): wood 30, iron 20. Troops at home: 1. Available: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. Can build: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 10 iron. Or 2 spearman (30 wood) leaving 0 wood, 20 iron. Or 1 knight? 30 wood, 30 iron - not enough iron.

6. Huesca (20): wood 30, iron 20. Troops at home: 7. Available: 0 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight. Can build: similar.

7. Valencia (16): wood 40, iron 50. Troops at home: 12. Available: 2 spearman, 7 archer, 3 knight. Can build: we plan to send all available to Murcia. So after sending, it will have 0 troops? But we can build new troops there this turn. They would be available next turn. If we build troops in Valencia this turn, they will be at home on Turn 18, and we could send them on Turn 18 to Murcia? But we want to capture Murcia on Turn 18. If we send from Valencia on Turn 17, they arrive on Turn 18. If we build in Valencia on Turn 17, they are ready on Turn 18, but we can't send them until Turn 18 orders? Actually, the build order is for this turn, so they will be built by next turn. Then on next turn we can order them to march. So they wouldn't join the attack on Murcia that arrives on Turn 18. So if we want to capture Murcia on Turn 18, we need to send the troops that are available now. So we should send the available troops from Valencia now. We can also build in Valencia to have troops for future.

8. Teruel (13): wood 40, iron 30. Troops at home: 27. Available: 5 spearman, 14 archer, 8 knight. We might send some to attack Toledo. We could send all to Toledo, but then Teruel would be left with 0? But we can build more. Or we could send a portion. We need to decide.

9. Madrid (12): wood 30, iron 40. Troops at home: 14. Available: 5 spearman, 6 archer, 3 knight. It borders Salamanca (7) and Toledo (8). We could attack Salamanca or Toledo. But Salamanca has defense 60, which is high. Toledo has 23. We might attack Toledo from Madrid? But we already have Teruel attacking Toledo. If we send from Madrid too, they fight separately. That might be good: if Teruel fails, Madrid can attack. But Teruel has 65 attack vs 23 defense, so it should succeed. So we might not need to attack Toledo from Madrid. Instead, we could reinforce Madrid or attack something else.

10. Pamplona (19): wood 40, iron 40. Troops at home: 2. Available: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. It is interior. Can send to Burgos or Madrid? Actually, it connects to [14], [17], [20]. So it can send to Burgos (14) or Zaragoza (17) or Huesca (20). Not directly to Madrid? Wait, [19] Pamplona: [14], [17], [20]. [14] Burgos: [10], [12], [19]. So Pamplona to Burgos is 1 turn? Then Burgos to Madrid is 1 turn. So total 2 turns. So we could send to reinforce Burgos, then from Burgos to Madrid. But we can also send directly to Madrid? No direct road. So Pamplona is not very useful for quick reinforcement.

11. Burgos (14): wood 30, iron 30. Troops at home: 6. Available: 0 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight. Can send to Madrid (1 turn) or Vigo (1 turn? [10] Vigo: [6], [14]. So Burgos to Vigo is 1 turn). Or to Pamplona.

12. Porto (6): wood 65, iron 220. Troops at home: 4. Available: 1 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. It is border. We might want to reinforce it. But we can also send its troops to attack? It borders Coimbra (3) and Salamanca (7). We could attack Coimbra from Porto. Coimbra has defense 38. Porto attack: 1 spearman (1), 2 archer (4), 1 knight (4) = 9 total. That's too weak. So we should not attack from Porto. Instead, we should reinforce Porto from elsewhere.

13. Vigo (10): wood 30, iron 30. Troops at home: 8. Available: 2 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight. Can send to Porto (1 turn). We should send all to reinforce Porto.

Now, we need to decide on a comprehensive strategy.

Primary goals:
- Capture Murcia (15) from Valencia.
- Capture Toledo (8) from Teruel? Or maybe from Madrid? Let's see which is better. Teruel has more troops. But we need to consider that if we send all from Teruel, we leave Teruel undefended. Teruel is a border village with Toledo. If we attack Toledo, the enemy might counterattack from Toledo? But if we capture Toledo, it becomes ours, and Teruel becomes interior. So it's safe. However, we need to leave some troops in Teruel for defense against other enemies? Teruel only borders Toledo (enemy) and our villages. So if we capture Toledo, Teruel is safe. But we might want to keep some troops in Teruel to prevent enemy from other routes? Actually, Toledo is the only enemy border from Teruel. So if we take Toledo, Teruel is safe. So we can send most of Teruel's troops.

But we also have Madrid bordering Toledo and Salamanca. We could send from Madrid to attack Salamanca? Salamanca has defense 60, which is high. Madrid has 14 troops, attack power 29. That might not be enough. Let's compute: Madrid available: 5 spearman (5), 6 archer (12), 3 knight (12) = 29 attack. Defender: 14 spearmen, 8 archers, 2 knights. Effective defense 60. So 29 vs 60, we would lose badly. So we should not attack Salamanca from Madrid.

What about attacking Coimbra (3) from Porto? Porto has only 9 attack, Coimbra defense 38. Not enough.

So the only viable attacks are Murcia (from Valencia) and Toledo (from Teruel). Maybe also Cordoba (11) but we don't know its current garrison. It was last seen with 9 archers, but it might have been reinforced. We could attack Cordoba from Valencia? Valencia to Cordoba: "march from [16] Valencia: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" to [11] Cordoba? Actually, the report says for [11] Cordoba: "march from [16] Valencia: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So it takes 2 turns for slow. So we could send from Valencia to Cordoba, but it would take 2 turns. Meanwhile, we could send from Valencia to Murcia in 1 turn. So we should take the easier target first.

We also need to consider that we can send reinforcements to Valencia from other villages to increase the attack on Murcia or to prepare for Cordoba. But for now, let's focus on capturing Murcia and Toledo.

We need to also reinforce Porto because it's weak. We can send from Vigo to Porto. Vigo has 8 troops. That will increase Porto's defense.

We also need to think about building troops. We have many villages that can build. We should build troops to replenish losses and grow. We should build archers and knights mainly because they are more powerful. But we need to consider resource constraints.

Let's decide on specific orders.

First, movements:
- From Valencia (16) to Murcia (15): send all available: 2 spearman, 7 archer, 3 knight. (Total 12 troops)
- From Teruel (13) to Toledo (8): send all available? 5 spearman, 14 archer, 8 knight. That's 27 troops. Attack power 65. Should win. But we might want to leave some in Teruel for defense? If we capture Toledo, Teruel is safe. But what if the enemy sends reinforcements to Toledo from somewhere else? Toledo is connected to Madrid (12), Cordoba (11), Badajoz (4)? Actually, road: [8] Toledo: [4], [11], [12], [13]. So enemy could send from Cordoba or from Salamanca? Salamanca is connected to Madrid and others, not directly to Toledo? [7] Salamanca: [3], [4], [6], [12]. So Salamanca to Toledo would go through Madrid or Badajoz. So it's possible. But if we attack Toledo, the enemy might not have time to reinforce before we arrive? The attack arrives next turn. The enemy could have sent reinforcements this turn (Turn 17) from somewhere. But we don't see any enemy armies on the march. So likely Toledo is only defended by its garrison. So we should be fine.

But if we send all from Teruel, we leave Teruel with 0 troops. Teruel has a defense of 68 currently (with troops). If we remove all troops, its defense will drop. But it's a castle? Actually, effective defense includes location bonus. The number 68 is with the current troops. If we send all troops away, the defense will be lower. But since we are attacking Toledo, the enemy might counterattack from Toledo if we fail? But we expect to win. However, if we win, we capture Toledo, and then Teruel is safe. But if we fail, Teruel would be vulnerable. But with 65 attack vs 23 defense, we should win. But we need to consider losses: we will lose some troops. The attrition: winner takes losses against loser's effective force. Our effective attack 65, defender effective defense 23. The loss we take is proportional? The rule doesn't specify exact formula, but typically it's a percentage. We might lose some troops. So we might not have 27 troops left. But even if we lose some, we should have enough to hold Toledo? Actually, when we capture a village, the surviving troops become the garrison. So we will have some troops in Toledo. We can also send reinforcements later.

But we need to consider that we also need to hold other villages. We have many villages with few troops. For example, Castellon has 1 knight, Zaragoza 1 knight, Huesca 7 troops, etc. They are not under immediate threat because they are interior. But we should still build troops to grow.

We also need to consider that the enemy might attack our border villages. Which are our border villages after we capture Murcia and Toledo? If we capture Murcia, our border with enemy becomes: Valencia now borders Murcia (ours) and Cordoba (enemy)? Actually, Valencia connects to Murcia and Cordoba? Wait, road: [16] Valencia: [13], [15], [18]. So it connects to Murcia (15) and Castellon (18) and Teruel (13). It does not directly connect to Cordoba. Cordoba is [11]: [8], [9], [15]. So Cordoba connects to Murcia (15) and Toledo (8) and Sevilha (9). So if we capture Murcia, then Cordoba will border our Murcia. So our border will be Murcia (ours) with Cordoba (enemy). And Valencia will be interior. So that's good.

If we capture Toledo, our border will be: Teruel connects to Toledo (ours) and Valencia? Actually, Teruel connects to Toledo (8) and Valencia (16) and Zaragoza (17) and Castellon (18). So if we take Toledo, Teruel becomes interior, and Toledo becomes our border with Cordoba (11) and Madrid (12)? Wait, Madrid is ours. So Toledo would border our Madrid? Actually, [8] Toledo: [4], [11], [12], [13]. So if we take Toledo, it borders Madrid (ours) and Teruel (ours) and Badajoz (4) (unknown) and Cordoba (11) (enemy). So we would have a border with Cordoba at Toledo. And also Murcia borders Cordoba. So we would have two borders with Cordoba.

So after capturing Murcia and Toledo, we would have 15 villages. We need 3 more. We could then attack Cordoba from Murcia and Toledo. But we need to build up forces.

Now, we need to decide on builds this turn. We can build in many villages. Let's prioritize building archers and knights because they are effective. We need to consider resources.

We should also consider that we need to have enough troops to hold the villages we capture. When we capture a village, we might want to leave some troops there. But we can send reinforcements later.

Let's list builds we can do:

We have 13 villages. Each can build up to 300 troops, but we have far fewer. We should build as many as possible, focusing on the most cost-effective? Actually, we need to consider the counter triangle. Archers are good all-rounders. Knights are fast and powerful but expensive. Spearmen are cheap but weak against archers. Since the enemy has many archers (we see archers in many enemy villages), knights might be good because knights counter archers. But knights are expensive: 30 wood, 30 iron. We have villages with good iron: Porto has 220 iron, Girona has 120 iron, etc. We can build knights there.

But we also need to consider that we need to send troops to attack. The troops we send will take losses. So we need to rebuild.

Let's go village by village and decide what to build, and also what to send.

We'll make a plan:

Movements:
1. Valencia (16) -> Murcia (15): send 2 spearman, 7 archer, 3 knight. (All available)
2. Teruel (13) -> Toledo (8): send 5 spearman, 14 archer, 8 knight. (All available)
3. Vigo (10) -> Porto (6): send 2 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight. (All available) to reinforce Porto.
4. We might also want to send from Burgos (14) to Madrid (12) to reinforce Madrid? Madrid has 14 troops, defense 35. It borders Salamanca (60) and Toledo (23). If we attack Toledo from Teruel, Madrid might be safe. But if the enemy attacks Madrid from Salamanca, we might need reinforcements. We could send Burgos's troops to Madrid. Burgos has 0 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight. That's 6 troops. We can send them to Madrid. Madrid is 1 turn away. So let's do that.
5. What about Barcelona? It has many troops. It is interior, but it could send to Tarragona or Girona? They are also interior. Not needed immediately. We could send from Barcelona to Valencia? But Valencia is 2 turns away? Actually, Barcelona to Valencia: "from here to your nearest border village [16] Valencia: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So it takes 2 turns. So it wouldn't arrive in time for next turn's actions. We could send to reinforce Valencia after the attack? But we can also build in Valencia.

We also need to consider that we might want to send troops from other villages to attack other targets. For example, we could send from Madrid to attack Toledo? But we already have Teruel attacking Toledo. If we send from Madrid too, they fight separately. That could be a backup. But Madrid's attack power is only 29, which might not be enough against Toledo's 23 defense? Actually, 29 vs 23, we should win but with losses. But if Teruel succeeds, Madrid's attack would be unnecessary and would just waste troops. So probably not.

What about attacking Salamanca? It's too strong.

What about exploring unexplored villages? We could send troops to explore, but they would fight if they meet enemy. We don't know the garrisons. It might be better to focus on known weak targets.

We also need to consider that the enemy might send troops to attack us. We don't know their orders. But we can reinforce our vulnerable villages.

Our weakest border village is Porto (defense 10). After we send Vigo's troops, Porto will have 4 (existing) + 8 = 12 troops, defense will increase. That's good.

Valencia: after sending all troops, it will have 0 troops, defense will drop to maybe 3? But we are capturing Murcia, so Valencia becomes interior. However, if we fail to capture Murcia, Valencia would be vulnerable. But we should succeed. Still, we might want to leave some troops in Valencia or send reinforcements from elsewhere to Valencia for next turn. We can build in Valencia this turn, and those troops will be there next turn. So we should build in Valencia to have a garrison.

Similarly, Teruel: after sending all, it will have 0 troops. But we capture Toledo, so Teruel becomes interior. But we should build in Teruel to have a garrison for future.

So we need to build troops in the villages we stripped.

Let's decide on builds:

We need to build in Valencia, Teruel, and also in other villages to grow.

We should also consider that we need to have troops to send to attack next turn. After capturing Murcia and Toledo, we might want to attack Cordoba from Murcia and Toledo. So we need to build troops in those captured villages? But they are enemy villages now; we need to send troops there to hold them. We can send from our existing villages.

Let's think about the next turn (Turn 18). On Turn 18, we will have new troops built this turn available. We can then send them. We should plan for that.

But for now, we need to write orders for Turn 17.

Let's list the builds we want to do:

We have resources per village. We should build as many troops as possible, prioritizing knights and archers.

We'll go through each village and decide what to build, considering we might want to send troops from some villages.

Village list with resources and available space:

1. Barcelona (22): wood 40, iron 30. Troops at home: 17. Can build: we can build up to 300, but resources limit. Let's maximize troop production. We can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> uses all iron, leaves 10 wood. Or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) -> leaves 0 wood, 10 iron. Or 1 archer and 1 spearman? 20+15=35 wood, 10 iron -> leaves 5 wood, 20 iron. Which is better? We need a mix. Since we have many archers already, maybe we should build knights for their speed and power. But knights are expensive. We could build 1 knight and then with remaining 10 wood, we can't build anything else (spearman needs 15). So 1 knight is good. Or we could build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) and have 10 iron left. That gives 2 archers. Archers are versatile. I think we should build 2 archers because they cost less iron and we have plenty of iron elsewhere. But Barcelona has only 30 iron, so if we build archers, we use 20 iron, leaving 10. We could also build a spearman? Not enough wood. Let's build 2 archers. That uses 40 wood, 20 iron. Leaves 0 wood, 10 iron. So build 2 archers.

2. Tarragona (21): wood 40, iron 20. Troops at home: 12. Available: 0 spearman, 5 archer, 7 knight. Can build: 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) -> leaves 0,0. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) not enough iron. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaves 20 wood, 10 iron. We could build 1 archer and then with remaining 20 wood, we could build 1 spearman (15 wood) leaving 5 wood, 10 iron. Or 1 knight? No. Let's build 1 archer and 1 spearman? That uses 20+15=35 wood, 10 iron. Leaves 5 wood, 10 iron. That gives 2 troops. Or just 2 archers? We have 40 wood, but only 20 iron. 2 archers need 20 iron, so we can build 2 archers. That uses 40 wood, 20 iron. So 2 archers. That's good.

3. Girona (23): wood 30, iron 120. Troops at home: 16. Available: 10 spearman, 3 archer, 3 knight. Can build: we have lots of iron. We can build knights: each 30 wood, 30 iron. With 30 wood, we can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 0 wood, 90 iron. Or we could build archers: 20 wood, 10 iron. With 30 wood, we can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 110 iron. Or spearman: 15 wood. We could build 2 spearman (30 wood) leaving 0 wood, 120 iron. But we have many spearman already? Actually, we have 10 spearman available to send, but we might not need that many. We need to decide. Since we need to replenish losses, we should build the troops we are sending. We are sending many archers and knights. We should build more archers and knights. Girona has lots of iron, so we can build knights. But we need wood. We only have 30 wood. So we can build 1 knight. That's fine. We could also build 1 archer with remaining? No wood left. So build 1 knight.

4. Castellon (18): wood 30, iron 40. Troops at home: 1. Available: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. Can build: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 0 wood, 10 iron. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 30 iron. Or 2 spearman (30 wood) leaving 0 wood, 40 iron. We need to decide. Castellon is near Valencia. We might want to send troops from Castellon to Valencia to reinforce after the attack. But we can also build here. Let's build 1 knight because it's powerful and we have iron. So build 1 knight.

5. Zaragoza (17): wood 30, iron 20. Troops at home: 1. Available: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. Can build: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 10 iron. Or 2 spearman (30 wood) leaving 0 wood, 20 iron. Or 1 knight? Not enough iron. Let's build 1 archer.

6. Huesca (20): wood 30, iron 20. Troops at home: 7. Available: 0 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight. Can build: similar. Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 10 iron. Or 2 spearman. Let's build 1 archer.

7. Valencia (16): wood 40, iron 50. Troops at home: 12. We are sending all available away. So after sending, it will have 0 troops. We should build new troops here to have a garrison and for future. We can build: with 40 wood, 50 iron. We can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 10 wood, 20 iron. Then we can build 1 archer? 20 wood, 10 iron - but we only have 10 wood left. So no. We could build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) leaving 0 wood, 30 iron. Or 1 archer and 1 spearman? 20+15=35 wood, 10 iron -> leaves 5 wood, 40 iron. Or 2 spearman (30 wood) leaving 10 wood, 50 iron. Which is best? We need to consider that Valencia will be interior after capturing Murcia, but it might still be a useful staging point. We should build archers because they are good. Let's build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) leaving 0 wood, 30 iron. That gives 2 archers. We could also build a knight later when we get more wood? But we have wood now. Actually, we have 40 wood. If we build 2 archers, we use 40 wood. So no wood left. But we have 30 iron left. We could build something else? No wood. So 2 archers is good.

8. Teruel (13): wood 40, iron 30. Troops at home: 27. We are sending all available away. So we need to rebuild. We can build: with 40 wood, 30 iron. We can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 10 wood, 0 iron. Or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) leaving 0 wood, 10 iron. Or 1 archer and 1 spearman? 20+15=35 wood, 10 iron -> leaves 5 wood, 20 iron. Let's build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) leaving 0 wood, 10 iron. That's good.

9. Madrid (12): wood 30, iron 40. Troops at home: 14. We are not sending from Madrid? We might send from Madrid to reinforce? Actually, we decided to send from Burgos to Madrid. So Madrid will get reinforcements. We can build in Madrid. With 30 wood, 40 iron. We can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 0 wood, 10 iron. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 30 iron. Or 2 spearman (30 wood) leaving 0 wood, 40 iron. Let's build 1 knight for power.

10. Pamplona (19): wood 40, iron 40. Troops at home: 2. Available: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. We might not send from here. We can build. With 40 wood, 40 iron. We can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 10 wood, 10 iron. Then we could build 1 archer? Need 20 wood. Not enough. Or we could build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) leaving 0 wood, 20 iron. Or 1 archer and 1 spearman? 20+15=35 wood, 10 iron -> leaves 5 wood, 30 iron. Let's build 1 knight and maybe something else? With 10 wood left, we can't build anything. So build 1 knight.

11. Burgos (14): wood 30, iron 30. Troops at home: 6. We plan to send all available to Madrid? Actually, we said we might send from Burgos to Madrid. Burgos available: 0 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight. So we would send 5 archer, 1 knight. That's 6 troops. After sending, Burgos would have 0? But we can build here. With 30 wood, 30 iron. We can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 0,0. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 20 iron. Or 2 spearman (30 wood) leaving 0 wood, 30 iron. If we send all away, we should build something to have a garrison. But Burgos is interior, so it might be safe. We could build 1 knight. But if we send all troops, we leave it empty. We might want to keep some troops there? Actually, we can send only a portion. We don't have to send all. We can send some and keep some. But we need to decide. Let's think: we want to reinforce Madrid. Madrid already has 14 troops. Adding 6 from Burgos makes 20. That's good. But we could also send from elsewhere. We might want to keep some troops in Burgos for defense? Burgos is interior, connected to Vigo, Madrid, Pamplona. It could be attacked if the enemy gets through Madrid or Vigo. But it's not directly on the border. So it's relatively safe. We can send all from Burgos to Madrid. Then we build in Burgos to replenish. Let's build 1 knight in Burgos (30 wood, 30 iron). That uses all resources. So Burgos will have 1 knight built this turn, and we send the available troops to Madrid.

12. Porto (6): wood 65, iron 220. Troops at home: 4. We are receiving reinforcements from Vigo. We might also build here. Porto has lots of resources. We can build many troops. But we need to consider that Porto is a border village. We should build troops to defend it and to attack. With 65 wood, 220 iron, we can build a lot. But we are limited by the cap of 300 troops. Currently it has 4, plus 8 from Vigo = 12. So we can build many. Let's build as many as possible. We can build knights: each 30 wood, 30 iron. With 65 wood, we can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) leaving 5 wood, 160 iron. Then we could build archers: 20 wood, 10 iron. With 5 wood, can't build. So we could build 2 knights. Or we could build 3 archers? 3 archers need 60 wood, 30 iron. But we have 65 wood, so we can build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) leaving 5 wood, 190 iron. That gives 3 archers. Or mix: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) total 70 wood - not enough wood. So we need to optimize. Since we have lots of iron, we should build knights because they are expensive in iron. But we also need wood. Let's build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and then with remaining 5 wood, nothing. Or we could build 1 knight and 1 archer? 30+20=50 wood, 30+10=40 iron. Leaves 15 wood, 180 iron. Then we could build 1 spearman (15 wood) -> total 65 wood, 40 iron. That gives 1 knight, 1 archer, 1 spearman = 3 troops. Or we could build 2 archers and 1 spearman? 40+15=55 wood, 20 iron. Leaves 10 wood, 200 iron. That's 3 troops. Which is better? Knights are more powerful. Let's build 2 knights. That uses 60 wood, 60 iron. Leaves 5 wood, 160 iron. So build 2 knights.

13. Vigo (10): wood 30, iron 30. Troops at home: 8. We are sending all available to Porto. So after sending, it will have 0. We should build here to have a garrison. With 30 wood, 30 iron. We can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 0,0. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 20 iron. Or 2 spearman (30 wood) leaving 0 wood, 30 iron. Let's build 1 knight.

Now, we also need to consider that we might want to send troops from some villages to attack other targets or to reinforce. We have already planned:
- Valencia -> Murcia (all available)
- Teruel -> Toledo (all available)
- Vigo -> Porto (all available)
- Burgos -> Madrid (all available? We have 0 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight. So send 5 archer, 1 knight.)

What about other villages? We have Barcelona with available troops: 6 spearman, 6 archer, 5 knight. We could send some to reinforce Valencia or Teruel? But they are far. Barcelona to Valencia is 2 turns. So they wouldn't arrive in time for next turn's combat. But we could send them to Valencia to arrive on Turn 19, after we capture Murcia. That could be useful to prepare for next attack. But we might also want to send them to other places. We could send from Barcelona to Tarragona? Not needed. Let's keep them for now, or send to Valencia? Actually, we might want to send from Barcelona to Valencia to build up forces for the push on Cordoba. But we need to decide. We can also build in Barcelona and send later.

We also have Girona with available: 10 spearman, 3 archer, 3 knight. We could send some to Teruel or Valencia. Girona to Valencia: "from here to your nearest border village [16] Valencia: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So 3 turns for slow. That's far. To Teruel? Girona connects to [20], [22]. To get to Teruel, you'd go through Huesca? Actually, road: [23] Girona: [20], [22
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
REFORCO [13] Teruel dono B: 2S+5A+4K
COMBATE [6] Porto: atacante B Fatk=11 (ef 11) Fdef=6 (ef 8) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~4
REFORCO [10] Vigo dono B: 2S+3A+1K
REFORCO [12] Madrid dono B: 2S+4A+1K
REFORCO [16] Valencia dono B: 2S+6A+2K
REFORCO [13] Teruel dono B: 3A+3K
placar: A 11 ald/tropas 22 | B 13 ald/tropas 127 | neutras 0 | transito 8 (A 8 | B 0)

########## TURNO 18 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4018 | resposta 4570 | raciocinio 4570 | finish content_filter | ms 59705
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: The user is King A and wants me to generate a JSON response with the next turn's orders, a plan, and a statement.

Let's analyze the current state (Turn 18):
My villages:
[0] Lisboa: 2 troops (2 knight)
[1] Santarem: 5 troops (3 archer, 2 knight)
[2] Evora: 2 troops (2 knight)
[3] Coimbra: 17 troops (15 archer, 2 knight)
[4] Badajoz: 18 troops (4 spearman, 14 archer)
[5] Faro: 7 troops (4 spearman, 3 archer)
[6] Porto: 29 troops (10 spearman, 17 archer, 2 knight) - border with [10] Vigo
[7] Salamanca: 12 troops (8 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight) - border with [12] Madrid
[8] Toledo: 28 troops (4 spearman, 24 archer) - border with [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel
[9] Sevilha: 4 troops (4 spearman)
[11] Cordoba: 7 troops (4 spearman, 3 archer)
[15] Murcia: 4 troops (4 spearman) - border with [16] Valencia

Enemy villages visible:
[10] Vigo: 2 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight (def 20)
[12] Madrid: 5 spearman, 6 archer, 3 knights (def 35)
[13] Teruel: 5 spearman, 14 archer, 8 knights (def 68)
[16] Valencia: 2 spearman, 7 archer, 3 knights (def 30)

Known from before:
[18] Castellon: 2 spearman, 6 archer, 1 knight
[14] Burgos: 3 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knights
[17] Zaragoza: 2 spearman, 5 archer, 4 knights

Unexplored:
[19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona (enemy capital), [23] Girona

Goal: Hold at least 18 of 24 villages for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.
Currently hold 12 of 24.

Let's look at troop production and economy:
Each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron.
Costs:
spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron
archer: 20 wood, 10 iron
knight: 30 wood, 30 iron

Let's check resources for each village:
[0] Lisboa: wood 40, iron 50. Can build knights (30/30) or archers (20/10). Cap 300, currently 2 troops.
[1] Santarem: wood 40, iron 100. Can build knights or archers. Cap 300, currently 5.
[2] Evora: wood 40, iron 80. Can build knights or archers. Cap 300, currently 2.
[3] Coimbra: wood 30, iron 180. Can build knights or archers. Cap 300, currently 17.
[4] Badajoz: wood 30, iron 110. Can build knights or archers. Cap 300, currently 18.
[5] Faro: wood 30, iron 110. Can build knights or archers. Cap 300, currently 7.
[6] Porto: wood 95, iron 240. Can build knights or archers. Cap 300, currently 29.
[7] Salamanca: wood 30, iron 110. Can build knights or archers. Cap 300, currently 12.
[8] Toledo: wood 30, iron 80. Can build knights or archers. Cap 300, currently 28.
[9] Sevilha: wood 40, iron 70. Can build knights or archers. Cap 300, currently 4.
[11] Cordoba: wood 40, iron 70. Can build knights or archers. Cap 300, currently 7.
[15] Murcia: wood 40, iron 70. Can build knights or archers. Cap 300, currently 4.

Let's check the front lines and potential attacks.
We need to conquer more villages. We have 12, need 18 (so 6 more).
The enemy has villages: [10] Vigo, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [16] Valencia, [14] Burgos, [18] Castellon, [17] Zaragoza, [22] Barcelona, and maybe others like [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [23] Girona. Total enemy villages seems to be around 12.
Wait, "hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages". Total villages = 24. I have 12. Enemy has 12.
If I conquer 6 more, I will have 18, which is 75%.

Let's look at the enemy villages I can attack:
- [10] Vigo (def 20). Porto [6] has 29 troops (10 spearman, 17 archer, 2 knight).
- [12] Madrid (def 35). Salamanca [7] has 12, Toledo [8] has 28.
- [13] Teruel (def 68). Toledo [8] has 28.
- [16] Valencia (def 30). Murcia [15] has 4.

Let's calculate attack power and effective defense.
Combat rules:
Attack: sum of attack values.
Defense: sum of defense values * 1.25 (village) or * 1.5 (castle). The report says "effective defense (location bonus included): X". So I just compare my attack power with the effective defense!
Wait, let's read carefully: "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again."
Ah! So the attack power is just the sum of ATTACK values of the troops sent.
Let's verify:
spearman: attack 1
archer: attack 2
knight: attack 4

Counter triangle:
spearman counters knight (multiplies force by 1.5 if spearman is the most numerous type, or ties broken in favor of spearman over knight? "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight").
archer counters spearman.
knight counters archer.
If the attacker has the counter, their whole army's force is multiplied by 1.5.
Wait, "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup".
Let's check Vigo garrison: 2 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous: archer (5).
If I attack Vigo with mostly archers, archer vs archer? No, knight counters archer. So if I send mostly knights, I counter them. If I send mostly archers, no counter (archer vs archer). If I send mostly spearmen, spearman vs archer (no counter, archer counters spearman, so defender has counter? "counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5").
So if attacker's most numerous type counters defender's most numerous type, attacker gets 1.5x.
Defender's most numerous type counters attacker's most numerous type, does defender get 1.5x? "Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5 (every troop in it, not only the countering type)." This implies both attacker and defender can get the counter bonus if they have it!
Let's check: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
So both sides check their most numerous type against the other's most numerous type.
If attacker's most numerous counters defender's most numerous, attacker gets 1.5x.
If defender's most numerous counters attacker's most numerous, defender gets 1.5x.
Wait, is it symmetric? "Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5". Yes, it should be symmetric.

Let's check the troop types:
spearman: attack 1, defense 2
archer: attack 2, defense 2
knight: attack 4, defense 2

Let's look at Porto [6] troops: 10 spearman, 17 archer, 2 knight. Most numerous: archer (17).
If I send them to attack Vigo (2 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight - most numerous: archer).
Attacker most numerous: archer. Defender most numerous: archer. No counter.
Attacker attack power: 10*1 + 17*2 + 2*4 = 10 + 34 + 8 = 52.
Defender effective defense: 20.
Since 52 > 20, attacker wins.
But wait! If I send all 29, I will lose half of the loser's effective force. Loser is defender (Vigo), effective force is 20. Winner loses troops worth half of 20 = 10 effective force.
How is the loss distributed? "spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself."
Wait, "The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types".
Loser's effective force is the defender's defense? Or the attacker's defense? "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins... The LOSER is destroyed entirely... The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force".
For defender, effective force is the effective defense (which includes location bonus). So 20.
Half of 20 is 10.
How is 10 spread over troop types? It says "spread over its troop types". Usually, it's proportional to their attack contribution or just randomly? "spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size".
Let's assume it takes some troops.

Let's look at the plan from last turn:
"Attack Porto [6] from Coimbra [3] and reinforce with Salamanca [7]. Gather archers from Santarem, Evora, Cordoba to reinforce Coimbra, Badajoz, and Toledo. Build spearmen and knights to expand the army for the next push towards Madrid [12] and Teruel [13]."
This was the plan for last turn. Now it's Turn 18.
What should I do this turn?
I need to build troops and move them.
Let's look at the map and roads.
Porto [6] is connected to [3] Coimbra, [7] Salamanca, [10] Vigo.
Toledo [8] is connected to [4] Badajoz, [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel.
Salamanca [7] is connected to [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto, [12] Madrid.
Murcia [15] is connected to [11] Cordoba, [16] Valencia.

Let's check the travel times:
From [6] Porto to [10] Vigo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
From [8] Toledo to [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
From [8] Toledo to [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns (wait, road network says [8] Toledo is connected to [12] Madrid).
From [7] Salamanca to [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
From [15] Murcia to [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

Let's check the troops available to send:
At [6] Porto: 10 spearman, 17 archer, 2 knight.
At [7] Salamanca: 8 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight.
At [8] Toledo: 4 spearman, 24 archer.
At [15] Murcia: 4 spearman.

Let's think about attacking Vigo [10].
Vigo defense is 20. Porto has 52 attack power. If I send all, I win easily.
But do I want to send all? If I send all, Porto will be empty, but Vigo will be conquered and the survivors will stay there as garrison.
Wait, "When an attack conquers a village, the surviving attackers stay there as its new garrison."
So if I attack Vigo from Porto with all troops, they march 1 turn, fight, win, and the survivors stay in Vigo. Porto becomes empty. Is that good?
If I conquer Vigo, I get a new village. Vigo is connected to [14] Burgos.
Let's check the road network: [10] Vigo is connected to [6] Porto, [14] Burgos.
If I take Vigo, I can attack Burgos from Vigo. But I need troops in Vigo to attack Burgos, and I need troops in Porto to defend it if enemy attacks.
Wait, does the enemy have troops marching? "ARMIES ON THE MARCH: YOURS: none. ENEMY: none sighted."
So no enemy armies are marching towards me.

Let's look at the other fronts:
Toledo [8] faces Madrid [12] and Teruel [13].
Teruel has defense 68! Toledo has 28 troops (4 spearman, 24 archer).
Attack power of Toledo: 4*1 + 24*2 = 52.
52 vs 68. If I attack Teruel with all Toledo troops, I will lose because 52 < 68.
Wait, can I reinforce Toledo from somewhere?
Cordoba [11] has 4 spearman, 3 archer. Road from Cordoba to Toledo: [11] Cordoba -> [8] Toledo is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Badajoz [4] has 4 spearman, 14 archer. Road from Badajoz to Toledo: [4] Badajoz -> [8] Toledo is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Sevilha [9] has 4 spearman. Road to Toledo: [9] Sevilha -> [4] Badajoz -> [8] Toledo (2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns).
Faro [5] has 4 spearman, 3 archer. Road to Toledo: [5] Faro -> [4] Badajoz -> [8] Toledo (2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns).

Let's look at Madrid [12]. Defense 35.
Salamanca [7] has 12 troops (8 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight). Attack power: 8*1 + 3*2 + 1*4 = 8 + 6 + 4 = 18. 18 vs 35, cannot win alone.
Toledo [8] has 52 attack power. If I send Toledo to Madrid, 52 vs 35, I win!
But if I send Toledo to Madrid, who defends Toledo? And can I take Madrid?
If I attack Madrid from Toledo, I march 1 turn, fight, win, and survivors stay in Madrid.
Then I have Madrid! Madrid is connected to [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza.
If I take Madrid, I can push towards Burgos and Zaragoza.
But wait, if I attack Madrid from Toledo, Toledo becomes empty. Is that safe?
Let's check if enemy can attack Toledo. Toledo is connected to [4] Badajoz, [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel.
If I take Madrid, the enemy in Teruel [13] could attack Toledo? But Teruel is enemy, Toledo is mine. Wait, if I take Madrid, the road from Teruel to Toledo goes through Madrid. "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there... The same rule protects your INTERIOR villages (no enemy neighbour): every road into one of them passes through another of your villages, where an enemy army stops and fights."
So if Madrid is mine, Teruel cannot attack Toledo directly because the road goes through Madrid, which is mine, so they would stop at Madrid. But if Madrid is mine, they can attack Madrid!
So taking Madrid makes Toledo interior (protected by Madrid). But Madrid becomes the new border.
Is it better to attack Madrid or Teruel?
Teruel has 68 defense, Madrid has 35. Madrid is much weaker.
Let's check the troops in Madrid: 5 spearman, 6 archer, 3 knights. Most numerous: spearman (5) or archer (6)? Archers are 6, spearman 5. So most numerous is archer.
If I attack Madrid with Toledo's troops (4 spearman, 24 archer). Most numerous: archer.
Defender most numerous: archer. No counter.
Attacker attack: 52. Defender defense: 35. 52 > 35, win.
What if I send some knights from somewhere to counter? Knight counters archer. If I send mostly knights, I get 1.5x.
But I don't have many knights. Coimbra has 2 knights, Lisboa has 2, Santarem has 2, Porto has 2.
If I send knights, they are fast. March from Coimbra to Toledo: 1 fast turn. From Porto to Toledo: 1 fast turn? Road says [6] Porto -> [3] Coimbra -> [8] Toledo (2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns? No, road network: [6] Porto: [3], [7], [10]. [3] Coimbra: [1], [6], [7]. So Porto to Toledo is Porto -> Coimbra -> Toledo? Or Porto -> Salamanca -> Toledo?
Road network:
[6] Porto: [3], [7], [10]
[7] Salamanca: [3], [4], [6], [12]
[8] Toledo: [4], [11], [12], [13]
So Porto to Toledo: [6] -> [7] -> [8] (via Salamanca) or [6] -> [3] -> [7] -> [8] or [6] -> [3] -> [1] -> [4] -> [8].
Shortest is [6] -> [7] -> [8]. Porto to Salamanca is 1 turn? Let's check march distances:
"from here to your nearest border village [6] Porto: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" (from Lisboa).
"from [6] Porto to [10] Vigo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".
Let's look at the march distances in the report:
[6] Porto to [10] Vigo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
[7] Salamanca to [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
[8] Toledo to [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
[8] Toledo to [12] Madrid: not explicitly listed, but likely similar.
[15] Murcia to [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

Let's look at the available resources and builds.
I have many villages with wood and iron.
Let's calculate how many troops I can build this turn.
[0] Lisboa: wood 40, iron 50. Can build 2 knights (60 wood? No, 30 wood each, so 60 wood needed, only 40. Can build 2 archers: 40 wood, 20 iron. Yes, 2 archers).
Wait, "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."
Let's check exact resources:
[0] Lisboa: wood 40, iron 50.
- spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron. Can build 2 (30 wood).
- archer: 20 wood, 10 iron. Can build 2 (40 wood, 20 iron).
- knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. Can build 1 (30 wood, 30 iron).
[1] Santarem: wood 40, iron 100.
- spearman: 2 (30 wood)
- archer: 2 (40 wood, 20 iron)
- knight: 1 (30 wood, 30 iron)
[2] Evora: wood 40, iron 80.
- spearman: 2 (30 wood)
- archer: 2 (40 wood, 20 iron)
- knight: 1 (30 wood, 30 iron)
[3] Coimbra: wood 30, iron 180.
- spearman: 2 (30 wood)
- archer: 1 (20 wood, 10 iron)
- knight: 1 (30 wood, 30 iron)
[4] Badajoz: wood 30, iron 110.
- spearman: 2 (30 wood)
- archer: 1 (20 wood, 10 iron)
- knight: 1 (30 wood, 30 iron)
[5] Faro: wood 30, iron 110.
- spearman: 2 (30 wood)
- archer: 1 (20 wood, 10 iron)
- knight: 1 (30 wood, 30 iron)
[6] Porto: wood 95, iron 240.
- spearman: 6 (90 wood)
- archer: 4 (80 wood, 40 iron)
- knight: 3 (90 wood, 90 iron) - wait, wood is 95, so can build 3 knights (90 wood) and have 5 wood left. Iron is 240, so 90 iron is fine.
[7] Salamanca: wood 30, iron 110.
- spearman: 2 (30 wood)
- archer: 1 (20 wood, 10 iron)
- knight: 1 (30 wood, 30 iron)
[8] Toledo: wood 30, iron 80.
- spearman: 2 (30 wood)
- archer: 1 (20 wood, 10 iron)
- knight: 1 (30 wood, 30 iron)
[9] Sevilha: wood 40, iron 70.
- spearman: 2 (30 wood)
- archer: 2 (40 wood, 20 iron)
- knight: 1 (30 wood, 30 iron)
[11] Cordoba: wood 40, iron 70.
- spearman: 2 (30 wood)
- archer: 2 (40 wood, 20 iron)
- knight: 1 (30 wood, 30 iron)
[15] Murcia: wood 40, iron 70.
- spearman: 2 (30 wood)
- archer: 2 (40 wood, 20 iron)
- knight: 1 (30 wood, 30 iron)

Let's think about the strategy.
I need to conquer 6 more villages to reach 18.
The easiest targets are:
- [10] Vigo (def 20). Porto has 52 attack. Easy win.
- [16] Valencia (def 30). Murcia has only 4 troops (4 spearman, attack 4). Not enough. Need to reinforce Murcia.
- [12] Madrid (def 35). Toledo has 52 attack. Easy win if I send Toledo.
- [14] Burgos (unknown defense, but last seen 3 turns ago, probably hardened). Connected to Vigo and Madrid. If I take Vigo and Madrid, Burgos will be surrounded.
- [18] Castellon (unknown). Connected to Teruel and Valencia.
- [17] Zaragoza (unknown). Connected to Madrid and Teruel.

Let's look at the plan: "Attack Porto [6] from Coimbra [3] and reinforce with Salamanca [7]. Gather archers from Santarem, Evora, Cordoba to reinforce Coimbra, Badajoz, and Toledo. Build spearmen and knights to expand the army for the next push towards Madrid [12] and Teruel [13]."
This plan was for last turn. Now I have Porto [6] as my village (it says "you attacked here 1x in the last 8 turns (1 conquered)" and it's listed under MY VILLAGES).
So Porto is mine now.
The next step is to push towards Madrid [12] and Teruel [13], or Vigo [10] and Burgos [14].
Let's look at the fronts:
Front 1: Porto [6] -> Vigo [10] -> Burgos [14].
Front 2: Salamanca [7] -> Madrid [12] -> Zaragoza [17] / Burgos [14].
Front 3: Toledo [8] -> Madrid [12] / Teruel [13] -> Zaragoza [17] / Castellon [18].
Front 4: Murcia [15] -> Valencia [16] -> Castellon [18].

If I attack Vigo [10] from Porto [6], I can use 10 spearman, 17 archer, 2 knight.
Attack power: 10*1 + 17*2 + 2*4 = 52. Vigo defense is 20. I win easily.
If I attack Madrid [12] from Toledo [8], I can use 4 spearman, 24 archer.
Attack power: 4*1 + 24*2 = 52. Madrid defense is 35. I win.
If I attack both, I can conquer two villages in one turn!
But wait, if I send all troops from Porto to Vigo, and all troops from Toledo to Madrid, then Porto and Toledo will be empty.
Is that safe?
Let's check if the enemy can attack Porto or Toledo this
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
########## TURNO 18 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4011 | resposta 10705 | raciocinio 6867 | finish stop | ms 96345
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 12, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 12, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 14, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 10, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 10, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 16, \"toId\": 15, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 7, \"knight\": 3}},\n    {\"fromId\": 12, \"toId\": 7, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 5, \"archer\": 6, \"knight\": 3}},\n    {\"fromId\": 13, \"toId\": 16, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 5, \"knight\": 3}},\n    {\"fromId\": 14, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 17, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"We are launching a double attack this turn to expand our territory and reach the 18-village threshold. We will attack the weak enemy village [15] Murcia from [16] Valencia, and [7] Salamanca from [12] Madrid. We will reinforce Valencia from Teruel and Madrid from Burgos and Zaragoza to keep our borders secure. We must build troops in all our villages to grow our army for the next turns.\",\n  \"statement\": \"King B orders a bold double strike! Our armies march on Murcia and Salamanca to crush the enemy's outer defenses. We will conquer these villages and bring our total to 14, bringing us closer to victory. The reinforcements are already marching to support the main forces. For the glory of the kingdom!\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B in a strategy game.
I need to output a JSON object with the following fields:
- `build`: list of troop builds per village.
- `movements`: list of troop movements from one village to another.
- `plan`: a short note to myself (2-4 lines).
- `statement`: a short text for the audience (2-4 lines).

Let's check the current state (Turn 18):
I hold 12 of 24 villages (need 18 for 2 consecutive turns to win, or eliminate all enemy villages).
Enemy capital is [0] Lisboa, but taking it is NOT required to win.
Enemy is King A.
My villages:
- [22] Barcelona (Capital): 17 troops (6 sp, 6 arch, 5 kn). Def 51.
- [21] Tarragona: 12 troops (0 sp, 5 arch, 7 kn). Def 30.
- [23] Girona: 16 troops (10 sp, 3 arch, 3 kn). Def 40.
- [18] Castellon: 1 troop (1 kn). Def 3.
- [17] Zaragoza: 1 troop (1 kn). Def 3.
- [20] Huesca: 7 troops (4 arch, 3 kn). Def 18.
- [16] Valencia: 12 troops (2 sp, 7 arch, 3 kn). Def 30.
- [13] Teruel: 27 troops (5 sp, 14 arch, 8 kn). Def 68.
- [12] Madrid: 14 troops (5 sp, 6 arch, 3 kn). Def 35.
- [19] Pamplona: 2 troops (1 arch, 1 kn). Def 5.
- [14] Burgos: 6 troops (5 arch, 1 kn). Def 15.
- [10] Vigo: 8 troops (2 sp, 5 arch, 1 kn). Def 20.

Enemy villages I can see:
- [15] Murcia: 4 spearmen, Def 10.
- [7] Salamanca: 8 sp, 3 arch, 1 kn, Def 30.
- [8] Toledo: 4 sp, 24 arch, Def 70.
- [6] Porto: 10 sp, 17 arch, 2 kn, Def 73.

Let's look at the map and roads:
My villages and their connections:
- [10] Vigo is connected to [6] Porto (enemy) and [14] Burgos (mine).
- [12] Madrid is connected to [7] Salamanca (enemy), [8] Toledo (enemy), [14] Burgos (mine), [17] Zaragoza (mine).
- [13] Teruel is connected to [8] Toledo (enemy), [16] Valencia (mine), [17] Zaragoza (mine), [18] Castellon (mine).
- [16] Valencia is connected to [13] Teruel, [15] Murcia (enemy), [18] Castellon.
- [15] Murcia is connected to [11] Cordoba (enemy) and [16] Valencia.
- [11] Cordoba is connected to [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia.
- [8] Toledo is connected to [4] Badajoz, [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel.
- [7] Salamanca is connected to [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto, [12] Madrid.

Let's check the enemy's strength and our potential targets.
We need to conquer more villages to reach 18. We currently have 12.
The total number of villages is 24. So there are 12 enemy villages (or some neutral ones, but they harden over time). Let's see how many neutral ones there are: [4] Badajoz, [9] Sevilha, [5] Faro, [1] Santarem, [0] Lisboa, [2] Evora. That's 6 unexplored, which are likely neutral or enemy. The prompt says "eliminate every enemy village" or "hold 18 of the map's 24 villages".
Let's see if we can attack some enemy villages.
Currently, the closest enemy villages to my borders:
- [15] Murcia (Def 10, 4 spearmen). March from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Very weak! We can easily take it.
- [7] Salamanca (Def 30, 8 sp, 3 arch, 1 kn). March from [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [8] Toledo (Def 70, 4 sp, 24 arch). March from [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Strong!
- [6] Porto (Def 73, 10 sp, 17 arch, 2 kn). March from [10] Vigo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Strong!

Let's look at [15] Murcia. It's very weak (Def 10, 4 spearmen). If we attack it from [16] Valencia, we can send 2 spearman, 7 archer, 3 knight (attack power 28). Or we can send more from other places, but remember: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So sending from just one village is usually better, or we can send multiple waves but they fight sequentially. Wait, if we send from [16] Valencia, we have 12 troops there, attack power 28. Let's see if 28 attack power is enough to beat Def 10 (4 spearmen).
Let's calculate the combat:
Attacker: 2 spearman, 7 archer, 3 knight.
Most numerous: archer (7). So the matchup is archer vs archer (no counter bonus, or wait: archer counts as archer, defender is spearman? No, the defender has 4 spearmen, so the defender's most numerous is spearman. Attacker's most numerous is archer. Archer counters spearman! So we get a 1.5x multiplier!)
Let's check the counter triangle: "spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer."
Attacker most numerous: archer. Defender most numerous: spearman. Archer counters spearman, so multiplier is 1.5.
Attacker attack values:
spearman: attack 1. 2 * 1 = 2.
archer: attack 2. 7 * 2 = 14.
knight: attack 4. 3 * 4 = 12.
Total raw attack = 2 + 14 + 12 = 28.
With 1.5x multiplier: 28 * 1.5 = 42 effective attack.
Defender defense: 4 spearmen. Defense of spearman is 2. Location bonus is included in "effective defense (location bonus included): 10". So effective defense is 10.
Since 42 > 10, we win easily.
Let's check the losses. "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
Effective defender force is 10. Attrition will be some, but since our force is 42, we'll take minor losses.

Let's check if we can send troops from other places to [15] Murcia or if we should just send from [16] Valencia.
Wait, if we send from [16] Valencia, we leave Valencia with 0 troops, but Valencia is our border village. Is that safe? Valencia has effective defense 30. If the enemy attacks it, they might take it. But the enemy currently has no armies on the march, and we don't see any immediate threat to Valencia. Still, keeping some defense is good.
Wait, can we send some troops from [13] Teruel to [16] Valencia as reinforcements, and then from [16] Valencia to [15] Murcia?
Let's check the march times:
From [13] Teruel to [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns (since they are connected directly: [13] Teruel is connected to [16] Valencia).
From [16] Valencia to [15] Murcia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
If we send from [13] Teruel to [16] Valencia, they arrive in 1 turn (fast) or 1 turn (medium/slow). Then next turn they can go to [15] Murcia. But we want to attack [15] Murcia NOW.
If we send from [16] Valencia to [15] Murcia now, they arrive next turn and fight.
Can we send from [13] Teruel directly to [15] Murcia?
Let's look at the road network:
[13] Teruel is connected to [8], [16], [17], [18].
[16] Valencia is connected to [13], [15], [18].
So to go from [13] to [15], we MUST go through [16] Valencia. But [16] Valencia is OUR village. "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there... You cannot march past an enemy or neutral village to hit one behind it." Since [16] is ours, do we stop there? "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So if we order from [13] to [15], they will stop at [16] because it's on the way? Or do they just pass through because it's ours?
"An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." Since [16] IS ours, they do NOT stop there unless we order them to. They march through [16] and go to [15].
But wait! The travel time from [13] to [15] via [16]:
[13] to [16] is 1 turn (fast/medium/slow).
[16] to [15] is 1 turn.
So total travel time from [13] to [15] is 2 turns (fast) or 2 turns (medium/slow).
If we send from [16] Valencia, it takes 1 turn.
If we send from [13] Teruel, it takes 2 turns.
So sending from [16] is faster.

Let's look at the resources and builds.
We have 12 villages.
Let's see what we can build this turn.
We want to build troops to reinforce our border villages and prepare for attacks.
Let's look at our villages' resources and cap:
- [22] Barcelona: wood 70, iron 50. Cap 300, current 17. Can build.
- [21] Tarragona: wood 70, iron 40. Cap 300, current 12. Can build.
- [23] Girona: wood 60, iron 140. Cap 300, current 16. Can build.
- [18] Castellon: wood 60, iron 60. Cap 300, current 1. Can build.
- [17] Zaragoza: wood 60, iron 40. Cap 300, current 1. Can build.
- [20] Huesca: wood 60, iron 40. Cap 300, current 7. Can build.
- [16] Valencia: wood 70, iron 70. Cap 300, current 12. Can build.
- [13] Teruel: wood 70, iron 50. Cap 300, current 27. Can build.
- [12] Madrid: wood 60, iron 60. Cap 300, current 14. Can build.
- [19] Pamplona: wood 70, iron 60. Cap 300, current 2. Can build.
- [14] Burgos: wood 60, iron 50. Cap 300, current 6. Can build.
- [10] Vigo: wood 60, iron 50. Cap 300, current 8. Can build.

Let's check the cost of troops:
spearman: 15 wood + 0 iron.
archer: 20 wood + 10 iron.
knight: 30 wood + 30 iron.

Let's build some troops.
We need to decide which villages to build in and what to build.
Since we want to attack [15] Murcia from [16] Valencia, we should build troops in [16] Valencia or nearby to reinforce it, or just build in [16] Valencia directly.
[16] Valencia has wood 70, iron 70.
It can build:
- 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) -> leaves 30 wood, 50 iron.
- 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> leaves 40 wood, 40 iron.
- 2 spearmen (30 wood, 0 iron) -> leaves 40 wood, 70 iron.
Let's build 2 archers and 1 knight in [16] Valencia. Cost: 20*2 + 30 = 70 wood, 10*2 + 30 = 50 iron. This fits perfectly (wood 70, iron 70).
Wait, can we build more?
If we build 2 archers and 1 knight, we use all wood (70) and 50 iron.
Let's check if we can build in other villages to reinforce them.
[13] Teruel has wood 70, iron 50. It's our strongest border village near Toledo and Valencia. Let's build some troops there.
We can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) and 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> total 70 wood, 50 iron. Perfect!
[12] Madrid has wood 60, iron 60. It borders Salamanca and Toledo. Let's build there.
We can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> total 50 wood, 40 iron. Leaves 10 wood, 20 iron. Or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) and 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 70 wood (not enough wood, only 60). So 1 archer, 1 knight, and maybe 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) -> total 65 wood (too much). Let's do 1 archer, 1 knight (50 wood, 40 iron). Or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Let's do 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) -> 55 wood, 20 iron. Let's do 1 archer and 1 knight.
[10] Vigo has wood 60, iron 50. It borders Porto. Let's build there.
We can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) -> 55 wood, 20 iron. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) -> 70 wood (too much). Let's do 2 archers and 1 spearman.

Let's look at the movements.
We want to attack [15] Murcia. We should send troops from [16] Valencia.
How many troops should we send?
[16] Valencia currently has 2 spearman, 7 archer, 3 knight.
If we build 2 archers and 1 knight, it will have 2 spearman, 9 archer, 4 knight.
If we send all of them, Valencia will be empty. But Valencia's defense is 30, which is decent, but if we leave it empty, it might fall if attacked. However, the enemy has no armies on the march and we don't see any immediate threat. But we can also send some troops from [13] Teruel to [16] Valencia to reinforce it, while sending the Valencia troops to [15] Murcia.
Wait, if we send from [13] Teruel to [16] Valencia, they take 1 turn to arrive. So they will be there next turn. Meanwhile, the troops from [16] Valencia go to [15] Murcia and arrive next turn.
Let's see if we can send a strong force from [16] Valencia to [15] Murcia.
Let's send: 2 spearman, 7 archer, 3 knight (all of them). Attack power 28. This is more than enough to take [15] Murcia (Def 10).
Wait, can we send some from [13] Teruel to [16] Valencia?
[13] Teruel has 5 spearman, 14 archer, 8 knight.
Let's send 2 spearman, 5 archer, 3 knight from [13] Teruel to [16] Valencia.
Let's check if this is a good move.
Yes, it reinforces Valencia while we attack Murcia.
What about [12] Madrid? It borders [7] Salamanca (Def 30) and [8] Toledo (Def 70). We can't attack Toledo easily because it's very strong (Def 70). Salamanca is Def 30. Can we attack Salamanca from Madrid?
Let's check the troops in Madrid: 5 spearman, 6 archer, 3 knight. Attack power: 5*1 + 6*2 + 3*4 = 5 + 12 + 12 = 29.
Defender in Salamanca: 8 sp, 3 arch, 1 kn. Def 30.
Most numerous attacker: archer (6). Most numerous defender: spearman (8). Archer counters spearman! So 1.5x multiplier.
Effective attack: 29 * 1.5 = 43.5. Defender effective defense: 30.
Since 43.5 > 30, we would win! But we would take losses, and Salamanca is not extremely weak. Let's focus on Murcia first, as it is very weak and gives us a village. Taking Murcia gives us 13 villages. We need 18 to win.
Wait, can we attack Salamanca from Madrid at the same time?
If we send from Madrid to Salamanca, we use Madrid's troops. Madrid would be left with 0 troops. Is that safe? Madrid is connected to Zaragoza, Burgos, Salamanca, Toledo. If we empty Madrid, it might be vulnerable. But we can reinforce Madrid from Zaragoza or Burgos.
Let's look at the overall strategy. We need to expand.
Let's write down the plan:
1. Attack [15] Murcia from [16] Valencia with all available troops (2 sp, 7 arch, 3 kn).
2. Reinforce [16] Valencia from [13] Teruel (2 sp, 5 arch, 3 kn) to keep it defended.
3. Build troops in our villages to grow our army.
Let's check if we can attack [7] Salamanca from [12] Madrid.
If we send 5 sp, 6 arch, 3 kn from Madrid to Salamanca, we attack it. But we might lose Madrid if the enemy attacks it, though the enemy has no visible armies. Still, keeping Madrid defended is good. We can send some troops from Burgos or Zaragoza to Madrid, but they take 1 turn to arrive.
Let's look at the enemy's known villages:
[6] Porto: Def 73 (very strong).
[8] Toledo: Def 70 (very strong).
[7] Salamanca: Def 30 (medium).
[15] Murcia: Def 10 (weak).
[3] Coimbra: last seen 14 arch, 1 kn.
[11] Cordoba: last seen 9 arch.
[0] Lisboa: enemy capital, unknown.
[4] Badajoz, [9] Sevilha, [5] Faro, [1] Santarem, [2] Evora: unexplored.

If we take [15] Murcia, we will have 13 villages.
Let's see if we can take [7] Salamanca as well.
If we attack both [15] Murcia and [7] Salamanca, we might get two villages this turn, bringing us to 14.
Let's check the troop counts if we attack both:
From [16] Valencia to [15] Murcia: 2 sp, 7 arch, 3 kn.
From [12] Madrid to [7] Salamanca: 5 sp, 6 arch, 3 kn.
If we do this, both Valencia and Madrid will be empty of troops (except what we build this turn and what arrives).
Let's check if we can reinforce them:
From [13] Teruel to [16] Valencia: 2 sp, 5 arch, 3 kn.
From [14] Burgos to [12] Madrid: Burgos has 5 arch, 1 kn. We can send 2 arch, 1 kn to Madrid.
From [17] Zaragoza to [12] Madrid: Zaragoza has 1 kn. We can send 1 kn to Madrid.
Let's check the march times:
[13] Teruel to [16] Valencia: 1 turn.
[14] Burgos to [12] Madrid: 1 turn.
[17] Zaragoza to [12] Madrid: 1 turn.
So they will arrive next turn, reinforcing Madrid and Valencia.
Let's check if we have enough troops in [13] Teruel to send to Valencia. Teruel has 5 sp, 14 arch, 8 kn. Sending 2 sp, 5 arch, 3 kn leaves 3 sp, 9 arch, 5 kn, which is still a good garrison (Def 68).
Let's check if we have enough in Burgos: 5 arch, 1 kn. Sending 2 arch, 1 kn leaves 3 arch.
Zaragoza: 1 kn. Sending 1 kn leaves 0.
This seems very feasible and aggressive!

Let's double check the combat math for Salamanca:
Attacker: 5 sp, 6 arch, 3 kn.
Most numerous: archer (6). Defender: 8 sp, 3 arch, 1 kn. Most numerous: spearman (8).
Archer counters spearman -> 1.5x multiplier.
Attacker attack: 5*1 + 6*2 + 3*4 = 5 + 12 + 12 = 29.
With multiplier: 29 * 1.5 = 43.5.
Defender defense: 30 (effective defense already includes location bonus).
Since 43.5 > 30, we win.
Losses: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
Loser effective force is 30. We will take some losses, but we should win and conquer Salamanca.
Wait, is Salamanca a capital? No, the enemy capital is [0] Lisboa. Salamanca is just a regular enemy village.
So conquering it gives us 1 village.
If we conquer both Murcia and Salamanca, we go from 12 to 14 villages.
Let's check if there are any other easy targets.
What about [11] Cordoba? Last seen 9 archers. It's connected to [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia. We can attack it from [15] Murcia once we take it, or from [16] Valencia via [15] Murcia (but we can't march past an enemy village, so we'd have to take Murcia first).
What about [3] Coimbra? Last seen 14 arch, 1 kn. Connected to [1] Santarem, [6] Porto, [7] Salamanca. We can attack it from Salamanca once we take it, or from Vigo/Porto (but Porto is enemy).
So taking Murcia and Salamanca opens up the map nicely.

Let's refine the builds for this turn.
We want to build troops to replace the ones we send and to grow our army.
Let's look at the villages we are sending from:
- [16] Valencia: we send 2 sp, 7 arch, 3 kn. We build 2 arch, 1 kn. Net change: -2 sp, -5 arch, +0 kn. We still have some troops left if we don't send all? Wait, if we send 2 sp, 7 arch, 3 kn, and we have 2 sp, 7 arch, 3 kn, we send ALL of them. So Valencia will have 0 troops at the moment of departure, but then our builds (2 arch, 1 kn) will be there, and the reinforcements from Teruel (2 sp, 5 arch, 3 kn) will arrive next turn. So Valencia will have 2 arch, 1 kn built, plus 2 sp, 5 arch, 3 kn arriving. Total: 2 sp, 7 arch, 4 kn. That's a good garrison!
- [12] Madrid: we send 5 sp, 6 arch, 3 kn (all of them). We build 1 arch, 1 kn (or similar). Reinforcements from Burgos (2 arch, 1 kn) and Zaragoza (1 kn) arrive next turn. Total garrison next turn: 1 arch, 1 kn (built) + 2 arch, 1 kn (Burgos) + 1 kn (Zaragoza) = 3 arch, 3 kn. That's decent.
- [13] Teruel: we send 2 sp, 5 arch, 3 kn. We build 2 arch, 1 knight. Teruel had 5 sp, 14 arch, 8 kn. After sending: 3 sp, 9 arch, 5 kn. After building: 3 sp, 11 arch, 6 kn. Very strong!
- [14] Burgos: we send 2 arch, 1 kn. Burgos had 5 arch, 1 kn. After sending: 3 arch. We can build 2 arch there. Burgos has wood 60, iron 50. Building 2 arch costs 40 wood, 20 iron. Leaves 20 wood, 30 iron.
- [10] Vigo: we don't send from Vigo this turn, but we can build there. Vigo has 2 sp, 5 arch, 1 kn. Let's build 2 arch, 1 spearman. Cost: 40 wood + 15 wood = 55 wood, 20 iron. Vigo has 60 wood, 50 iron. Fits perfectly.

Let's check other villages:
- [22] Barcelona (Capital): wood 70, iron 50. Build 2 arch, 1 kn. Cost: 40 wood + 30 wood = 70 wood, 20 iron + 30 iron = 50 iron. Fits perfectly!
- [21] Tarragona: wood 70, iron 40. Build 1 arch, 2 kn? Cost: 20 wood + 60 wood = 80 wood (too much). Build 1 arch, 1 kn: 20+30=50 wood, 10+30=40 iron. Fits perfectly!
- [23] Girona: wood 60, iron 140. Build 2 kn: 60 wood, 60 iron. Fits perfectly!
- [20] Huesca: wood 60, iron 40. Build 2 arch: 40 wood, 20 iron. Fits!
- [18] Castellon: wood 60, iron 60. Build 1 kn: 30 wood, 30 iron. Fits!
- [17] Zaragoza: wood 60, iron 40. Build 1 kn: 30 wood, 30 iron. Fits!
- [19] Pamplona: wood 70, iron 60. Build 1 kn: 30 wood, 30 iron. Fits!

Let's summarize the builds:
- [22] Barcelona: 2 archer, 1 knight
- [21] Tarragona: 1 archer, 1 knight
- [23] Girona: 2 knight
- [18] Castellon: 1 knight
- [17] Zaragoza: 1 knight
- [20] Huesca: 2 archer
- [16] Valencia: 2 archer, 1 knight
- [13] Teruel: 2 archer, 1 knight
- [12] Madrid: 1 archer, 1 knight
- [19] Pamplona: 1 knight
- [14] Burgos: 2 archer
- [10] Vigo: 2 archer, 1 spearman

Let's double check the resource limits for each village:
- [22] Barcelona: wood 70, iron 50. 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron) + 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) = 70 wood, 50 iron. OK.
- [21] Tarragona: wood 70, iron 40. 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) = 50 wood, 40 iron. OK.
- [23] Girona: wood 60, iron 140. 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron) = 60 wood, 60 iron. OK.
- [18] Castellon: wood 60, iron 60. 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) = 30 wood, 30 iron. OK.
- [17] Zaragoza: wood 60, iron 40. 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) = 30 wood, 30 iron. OK.
- [20] Huesca: wood 60, iron 40. 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron) = 40 wood, 20 iron. OK.
- [16] Valencia: wood 70, iron 70. 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron) + 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) = 70 wood, 50 iron. OK.
- [13] Teruel: wood 70, iron 50. 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron) + 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) = 70 wood, 50 iron. OK.
- [12] Madrid: wood 60, iron 60. 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) = 50 wood, 40 iron. OK.
- [19] Pamplona: wood 70, iron 60. 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) = 30 wood, 30 iron. OK.
- [14] Burgos: wood 60, iron 50. 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron) = 40 wood, 20 iron. OK.
- [10] Vigo: wood 60, iron 50. 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) = 55 wood, 20 iron. OK.

This is a massive build-up!

Let's double check the movements:
1. From [16] Valencia to [15] Murcia:
Troops: 2 spearman, 7 archer, 3 knight.
Wait, Valencia has 2 spearman, 7 archer, 3 knight. If we send all of them, we send exactly that.
Let's check if we can send them. Yes, "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 2 spearman, 7 archer, 3 knight".
2. From [12] Madrid to [7] Salamanca:
Troops: 5 spearman, 6 archer, 3 knight.
Madrid has 5 spearman, 6 archer, 3 knight. Sending all of them.
3. From [13] Teruel to [16] Valencia:
Troops: 2 spearman, 5 archer, 3 knight.
Teruel has 5 spearman, 14 archer, 8 knight. Sending 2 sp, 5 arch, 3 kn is fine.
4. From [14] Burgos to [12] Madrid:
Troops: 2 archer, 1 knight.
Burgos has 5 archer, 1 knight. Sending 2 arch, 1 kn is fine.
5. From [17] Zaragoza to [12] Madrid:
Troops: 1 knight.
Zaragoza has 1 knight. Sending 1 kn is fine.

Let's check if there are any other movements we should do.
What about [10] Vigo? It borders [6] Porto (Def 73). Porto is very strong (Def 73). We shouldn't attack it yet because we don't have enough troops there to win without massive losses, and Vigo only has 8 troops. We can build up Vigo over time.
What about [13] Teruel bordering [8] Toledo (Def 70)? Toledo is also very strong. We shouldn't attack it yet.
So attacking [15] Murcia and [7] Salamanca is the best move.

Let's write the plan and statement.

Plan:
"We are launching a double attack this turn to expand our territory and reach the 18-village threshold. We will attack the weak enemy village [15] Murcia from [16] Valencia, and [7] Salamanca from [12] Madrid. We will reinforce Valencia from Teruel and Madrid from Burgos and Zaragoza to keep our borders secure. We must build troops in all our villages to grow our army for the next turns."

Statement:
"King B orders a bold double strike! Our armies march on Murcia and Salamanca to crush the enemy's outer defenses. We will conquer these villages and bring our total to 14, bringing us closer to victory. The reinforcements are already marching to support the main forces. For the glory of the kingdom!"

Let's check the JSON format:
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 13, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 13, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 12, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 12, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 19, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 14, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 10, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 10, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 1}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 16, "toId": 15, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 7, "knight": 3}},
    {"fromId": 12, "toId": 7, "troops": {"spearman": 5, "archer": 6, "knight": 3}},
    {"fromId": 13, "toId": 16, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 5, "knight": 3}},
    {"fromId": 14, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 17, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}}
  ],
  "plan": "We are launching a double attack this turn to expand our territory and reach the 18-village threshold. We will attack the weak enemy village [15] Murcia from [16] Valencia, and [7] Salamanca from [12] Madrid. We will reinforce Valencia from Teruel and Madrid from Burgos and Zaragoza to keep our borders secure. We must build troops in all our villages to grow our army for the next turns.",
  "statement": "King B orders a bold double strike! Our armies march on Murcia and Salamanca to crush the enemy's outer defenses. We will conquer these villages and bring our total to 14, bringing us closer to victory. The reinforcements are already marching to support the main forces. For the glory of the kingdom!"
}

Let's double check if there are any constraints or errors.
"Use only ids that appear in the report above." -> Yes, all ids are from the report.
"Do not send troops a village does not have." -> Let's verify:
- [16] Valencia has 2 spearman, 7 archer, 3 knight. We send 2 spearman, 7 archer, 3 knight. OK.
- [12] Madrid has 5 spearman, 6 archer, 3 knight. We send 5 spearman, 6 archer, 3 knight. OK.
- [13] Teruel has 5 spearman, 14 archer, 8 knight. We send 2 spearman, 5 archer, 3 knight. OK.
- [14] Burgos has 0 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight. We send 0 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. OK.
- [17] Zaragoza has 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. We send 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. OK.

Let's check the builds:
- [22] Barcelona: 2 archer, 1 knight. Barcelona has 17 troops, cap 300. Wood 70, iron 50. Cost: 2*20+30 = 70 wood, 2*10+30 = 50 iron. OK.
- [21] Tarragona: 1 archer, 1 knight. Tarragona has 12 troops, cap 300. Wood 70, iron 40. Cost: 20+30 = 50 wood, 10+30 = 40 iron. OK.
- [23] Girona: 2 knight. Girona has 16 troops, cap 300. Wood 60, iron 140. Cost: 60 wood, 60 iron. OK.
- [18] Castellon: 1 knight. Castellon has 1 troop, cap 300. Wood 60, iron 60. Cost: 30 wood, 30 iron. OK.
- [17] Zaragoza: 1 knight. Zaragoza has 1 troop, cap 300. Wood 60, iron 40. Cost: 30 wood, 30 iron. OK.
- [20] Huesca: 2 archer. Huesca has 7 troops, cap 300. Wood 60, iron 40. Cost: 40 wood, 20 iron. OK.
- [16] Valencia: 2 archer, 1 knight. Valencia has 12 troops, cap 300. Wood 70, iron 70. Cost: 40+30 = 70 wood, 20+30 = 50 iron. OK.
- [13] Teruel: 2 archer, 1 knight. Teruel has 27 troops, cap 300. Wood 70, iron 50. Cost: 40+30 = 70 wood, 20+30 = 50 iron. OK.
- [12] Madrid: 1 archer, 1 knight. Madrid has 14 troops, cap 300. Wood 60, iron 60. Cost: 20+30 = 50 wood, 10+30 = 40 iron. OK.
- [19] Pamplona: 1 knight. Pamplona has 2 troops, cap 300. Wood 70, iron 60. Cost: 30 wood, 30 iron. OK.
- [14] Burgos: 2 archer. Burgos has 6 troops, cap 300. Wood 60, iron 50. Cost: 40 wood, 20 iron. OK.
- [10] Vigo: 2 archer, 1 spearman. Vigo has 8 troops, cap 300. Wood 60, iron 50. Cost: 40+15 = 55 wood, 20 iron. OK.

Everything looks perfectly valid and well-calculated. I will output the JSON now.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":16,"destinoId":15,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":7,"cavaleiro":3}},{"origemId":12,"destinoId":7,"tropas":{"lanceiro":5,"arqueiro":6,"cavaleiro":3}},{"origemId":13,"destinoId":16,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":5,"cavaleiro":3}},{"origemId":14,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":17,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}}]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [22]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [22]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [18]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [17]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [20]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [20]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [16]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [16]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [16]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [13]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [13]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [13]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [12]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [12]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [19]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [14]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [14]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [10]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [10]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [10]
ACEITO envio [16]->[15]: 2S+7A+3K
ACEITO envio [12]->[7]: 5S+6A+3K
ACEITO envio [13]->[16]: 2S+5A+3K
ACEITO envio [14]->[12]: 2A+1K
ACEITO envio [17]->[12]: 1K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): We are launching a double attack this turn to expand our territory and reach the 18-village threshold. We will attack the weak enemy village [15] Murcia from [16] Valencia, and [7] Salamanca from [12] Madrid. We will reinforce Valencia from Teruel and Madrid from Burgos and Zaragoza to keep our borders secure. We must build troops in all our villages to grow our army for the next turns.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): King B orders a bold double strike! Our armies march on Murcia and Salamanca to crush the enemy's outer defenses. We will conquer these villages and bring our total to 14, bringing us closer to victory. The reinforcements are already marching to support the main forces. For the glory of the kingdom!
COMBATE [6] Porto: atacante A Fatk=32 (ef 32) Fdef=8 (ef 10) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~5
REFORCO [3] Coimbra dono A: 15A
REFORCO [6] Porto dono A: 10S+5A+1K
REFORCO [8] Toledo dono A: 15A
REFORCO [4] Badajoz dono A: 12A
REFORCO [1] Santarem dono A: 3A
REFORCO [11] Cordoba dono A: 1A
REFORCO [11] Cordoba dono A: 2A
placar: A 12 ald/tropas 135 | B 12 ald/tropas 83 | neutras 0 | transito 5 (A 0 | B 5)

########## TURNO 19 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4673 | resposta 22507 | raciocinio 17694 | finish stop | ms 216880
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 8, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 9, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 11, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 8, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 15, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 6, \"toId\": 7, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 8, \"archer\": 12, \"knight\": 4}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Build knights at all villages to counter enemy archer-heavy garrisons. Attack Madrid [12] from Toledo [8] with 15 archers and 2 knights (38 attack vs 15 defense). Attack Salamanca [7] from Porto [6] with 8 spearmen, 12 archers, 4 knights (48 attack vs 23 defense). Taking both villages brings me to 12 holdings. Next, push toward Burgos [14] and Zaragoza [17] from the newly conquered territories. Keep building knights for future assaults on Teruel [13] and beyond.\",\n  \"statement\": \"I am building knights at every village to prepare for a major offensive. My Toledo army marches on Madrid, while Porto's forces strike at Salamanca. With these two conquests, I will control 12 villages and create a solid base for further expansion into enemy territory.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A and provide a JSON response with my orders for the current turn.

Let me analyze the situation:

**Current state:**
- I hold 10 of 24 villages (need 18 for 2 consecutive turns to win, or eliminate all enemy villages)
- Enemy is King B
- I have 119 soldiers at home total across my villages
- No armies currently on march
- Enemy has no armies sighted on march

**My villages and their troops:**
- [0] Lisboa (capital): 2 troops (2 knight) - interior
- [1] Santarem: 5 troops (3 archer, 2 knight) - interior
- [2] Evora: 2 troops (2 knight) - interior
- [3] Coimbra: 17 troops (15 archer, 2 knight) - border with [7] Salamanca
- [4] Badajoz: 18 troops (4 spearman, 14 archer) - border with [7] Salamanca
- [5] Faro: 7 troops (4 spearman, 3 archer) - interior
- [6] Porto: 29 troops (10 spearman, 17 archer, 2 knight) - border with [7], [10]
- [8] Toledo: 28 troops (4 spearman, 24 archer) - border with [12], [13]
- [9] Sevilha: 4 troops (4 spearman) - interior
- [11] Cordoba: 7 troops (4 spearman, 3 archer) - border with [15]

**Enemy villages I can see:**
- [7] Salamanca: 3 spearmen, 4 archers, 2 knights, defense 23
- [10] Vigo: 3 spearmen, 7 archers, 1 knight, defense 28
- [13] Teruel: 3 spearmen, 11 archers, 6 knights, defense 50
- [12] Madrid: 3 archers, 3 knights, defense 15
- [15] Murcia: 2 spearmen, 6 archers, 3 knights, defense 28

**Known from before:**
- [14] Burgos: enemy, was 3 spearmen, 6 archers, 2 knights
- [17] Zaragoza: enemy, was 2 spearmen, 5 archers, 4 knights
- [16] Valencia: enemy, was 2 spearmen, 7 archers, 3 knights
- [18] Castellon: enemy, was 2 spearmen, 6 archers, 1 knight

**Unexplored:**
- [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona (enemy capital), [23] Girona

**What happened last turn:**
- King B attacked my [15] Murcia - village fell (but wait, [15] is listed as enemy in current report... let me re-read)
- Actually, looking at the report: [15] Murcia is listed under "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" as ENEMY (King B). And last turn it says "King B attacked YOUR [15] Murcia... the village FELL." So Murcia was mine, was attacked, fell, and now it's enemy. But wait - the report says "YOUR VILLAGES (10)" and Murcia isn't listed there. So yes, Murcia fell.
- King B attacked [7] Salamanca - also fell. But [7] is listed as ENEMY now. So both Murcia and Salamanca were mine and fell last turn.

Wait, let me recount. The report says I hold 10 villages. Let me list them: [0], [1], [2], [3], [4], [5], [6], [8], [9], [11]. That's 10. Yes.

So last turn I lost Salamanca and Murcia. That's a big setback.

**Analysis of the military situation:**

My strongest positions:
- [6] Porto: 29 troops, good resources (125 wood, 260 iron)
- [8] Toledo: 28 troops, good resources (60 wood, 100 iron)
- [4] Badajoz: 18 troops
- [3] Coimbra: 17 troops

Enemy positions near me:
- [7] Salamanca (enemy): defense 23, 3 spearmen, 4 archers, 2 knights - connects to my [3], [4], [6]
- [12] Madrid (enemy): defense 15, 3 archers, 3 knights - connects to my [8]
- [13] Teruel (enemy): defense 50, strong garrison - connects to my [8]
- [10] Vigo (enemy): defense 28 - connects to my [6]
- [15] Murcia (enemy): defense 28 - connects to my [11]

I need to win by holding 18 villages. I have 10. I need to conquer 8 more.

The enemy has: Salamanca, Vigo, Madrid, Teruel, Murcia, Burgos, Zaragoza, Valencia, Castellon, plus unexplored Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona, Barcelona, Girona. That's potentially 14 enemy villages. Total 24. So 10 + 14 = 24. Yes.

**Strategy considerations:**

I need to attack and conquer enemy villages. The weakest targets:
- [12] Madrid: defense 15, 3 archers, 3 knights - this is the weakest visible enemy village
- [7] Salamanca: defense 23 - but it was just conquered, might have weak garrison

For attack planning, I need to consider troop composition and counters.

Let me think about what to build and where.

**Resource production:**
Each village produces 30 wood + 20 iron per turn. With 10 villages, that's 300 wood + 200 iron total per turn.

**Build costs:**
- spearman: 15 wood + 0 iron
- archer: 20 wood + 10 iron
- knight: 30 wood + 30 iron

Let me check what each village can afford to build:

[0] Lisboa: wood 70, iron 70. Can build up to 4 spearman (60 wood), or 3 archer (60 wood, 30 iron), or 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron). Currently has 2 knight at home.
[1] Santarem: wood 70, iron 120. Can build archers or knights.
[2] Evora: wood 70, iron 100.
[3] Coimbra: wood 60, iron 200. Can build up to 3 archer (60 wood, 30 iron) or 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron).
[4] Badajoz: wood 60, iron 130. Can build up to 4 spearman (60 wood) or 3 archer (60 wood, 30 iron).
[5] Faro: wood 60, iron 130.
[6] Porto: wood 125, iron 260. Can build up to 8 spearman (120 wood), or 6 archer (120 wood, 60 iron), or 4 knight (120 wood, 120 iron).
[8] Toledo: wood 60, iron 100. Can build up to 4 spearman or 3 archer.
[9] Sevilha: wood 70, iron 90.
[11] Cordoba: wood 70, iron 90.

**Key strategic decisions:**

1. I need to build troops to attack. The most cost-effective troops for attacking:
   - spearman: 15 wood, slow, attack 1, defense 2
   - archer: 20 wood + 10 iron, medium, attack 2, defense 2
   - knight: 30 wood + 30 iron, fast, attack 4, defense 2

2. For attacking, I want to match the enemy's composition to get counter bonuses:
   - If enemy has mostly knights, I want spearmen
   - If enemy has mostly spearmen, I want archers
   - If enemy has mostly archers, I want knights

Looking at enemy villages:
- [12] Madrid: 3 archers, 3 knights. Tie between archer and knight. The tiebreak order is spearman, archer, knight. So archer is the most numerous type? Actually it's a tie. The rule says "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight". So archer wins the tie. The counter for archer is knight. So I'd want knights to counter Madrid.
- [7] Salamanca: 3 spearmen, 4 archers, 2 knights. Most numerous: archer. Counter: knight.
- [10] Vigo: 3 spearmen, 7 archers, 1 knight. Most numerous: archer. Counter: knight.
- [13] Teruel: 3 spearmen, 11 archers, 6 knights. Most numerous: archer. Counter: knight.
- [15] Murcia: 2 spearmen, 6 archers, 3 knights. Most numerous: archer. Counter: knight.

So most enemy villages have archers as the most numerous type. Knights counter archers with a 1.5x multiplier.

But knights are expensive (30 wood + 30 iron each). Let me think about whether I can afford a knight-heavy army.

Actually, wait. When attacking, my troops' most numerous type sets the counter matchup. If I send all knights, the most numerous type is knight, which doesn't counter anything (knight counters archer, but the enemy's most numerous type sets what I'm countering... wait, let me re-read).

"Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5 (every troop in it, not only the countering type)."

So if MY most numerous type counters the ENEMY's most numerous type, I get 1.5x. The enemy's most numerous type determines what counters it.

If enemy's most numerous is archer, and I send mostly knights, then knight counters archer, so I get 1.5x.

If enemy's most numerous is archer, and I send mostly archers, no counter bonus.

If enemy's most numerous is archer, and I send mostly spearmen, spearman doesn't counter archer, so no bonus.

So against archer-heavy enemies, knights are ideal.

But I also need to consider defense. When defending, defense values matter more. When attacking, attack values matter.

Let me think about specific attacks:

**Attack on [12] Madrid:**
- Enemy: 3 archers, 3 knights, defense 15
- If I attack with knights: my attack 4 each. If I send, say, 4 knights from various villages, total attack 16. With counter bonus (knight counters archer, enemy's most numerous is archer by tiebreak), 16 * 1.5 = 24 vs defense 15. That should win.
- But I need to send from villages that can reach Madrid. Madrid connects to [7], [8], [14], [17]. From my villages, [8] Toledo connects to [12] Madrid directly. Travel time from [8] to [12]: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So if I send knights (fast), it takes 1 turn.

Wait, let me re-read: "march from [8] Toledo: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Madrid. So knights would take 1 turn.

Actually, I need to check: can I send troops from [8] Toledo to attack [12] Madrid? Yes, they're connected by road.

But wait - the rule says "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there." From [8] to [12], is there any intermediate village? The road is [8] -> [12] directly. So no intermediate villages. Good.

Let me think about building knights. I have very few knights available (only 2 at Lisboa, 2 at Santarem, 2 at Coimbra, 2 at Porto = 8 total available knights across villages). But I can build more.

Actually, looking at available troops to send:
- [0] Lisboa: 2 knight
- [1] Santarem: 3 archer, 2 knight
- [2] Evora: 2 knight
- [3] Coimbra: 15 archer, 2 knight
- [4] Badajoz: 4 spearman, 14 archer
- [5] Faro: 4 spearman, 3 archer
- [6] Porto: 10 spearman, 17 archer, 2 knight
- [8] Toledo: 4 spearman, 24 archer
- [9] Sevilha: 4 spearman
- [11] Cordoba: 4 spearman, 3 archer

Total available: 30 spearman, 79 archer, 10 knight = 119 troops.

Now, for building this turn, I need to consider what each village can afford and what makes sense.

Let me think about a coherent strategy:

**Short-term goal:** Attack and conquer Madrid ([12]) since it's the weakest enemy village (defense 15).

**Troops needed:** To attack Madrid, I want knights for the counter bonus. But I only have 10 knights available total. If I send all 10 knights, that's attack 40. With counter bonus (if enemy most numerous is archer, which it is by tiebreak), 40 * 1.5 = 60 vs defense 15. That's overwhelming.

But wait, I need to send from villages that can reach Madrid. Only [8] Toledo connects directly to Madrid. From [8], I have 0 knights available. So I'd need to build knights at Toledo or send knights from elsewhere.

Actually, I can send troops from any of my villages to [8] Toledo first (as reinforcement), and then from [8] to [12]. But that takes multiple turns.

Alternatively, I can build knights at [8] Toledo. Toledo has wood 60, iron 100. Each knight costs 30 wood + 30 iron. So Toledo can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). That would give Toledo 2 knights.

But actually, looking at the report more carefully, [8] Toledo says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 4 spearman, 24 archer, 0 knight". So Toledo currently has 0 knights at home. The 28 troops at home are 4 spearman + 24 archer = 28. Yes.

So I could build knights at Toledo. But 2 knights with attack 8 each = 16 attack. With counter bonus, 24 vs defense 15. That might be enough, but the enemy has 6 troops (3 archer, 3 knight). Let me calculate more carefully.

Actually, the combat rules say: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER."

Let me calculate effective force for an attack on Madrid with 2 knights:
- My attack: 2 knights * 4 attack = 8
- Counter bonus: knight counters archer (enemy most numerous is archer by tiebreak), so 8 * 1.5 = 12
- Enemy defense: 15 (already includes location bonus)
- 12 vs 15: I lose. Defender wins.

With 3 knights: 12 * 1.5 = 18 vs 15. I win!
With 4 knights: 16 * 1.5 = 24 vs 15. I win!

So I need at least 3 knights attacking Madrid to win.

But I can also mix troops. If I send 3 knights + some archers, the most numerous type would be... if I send 3 knights and 1 archer, knights are most numerous (3 vs 1), so counter still applies. Attack: 3*4 + 1*2 = 14. With counter: 14 * 1.5 = 21 vs 15. Win!

Or I could send 2 knights + 2 archers. Most numerous: tie between knight and archer. Tiebreak order: spearman, archer, knight. So archer wins. Archer doesn't counter archer. No bonus. Attack: 2*4 + 2*2 = 12 vs 15. Lose.

Or 3 knights + 2 archers: knights most numerous (3 vs 2). Counter applies. Attack: 3*4 + 2*2 = 16. With counter: 24 vs 15. Win!

So I need at least 3 knights in the attacking force, with knights being the most numerous type.

But I only have 10 knights total available across all villages, and only some can reach Madrid in one turn. From [8] Toledo, I can build knights. Let me see:

Toledo can build 2 knights (cost: 60 wood, 60 iron; Toledo has 60 wood, 100 iron). After building, Toledo would have 2 knights.

But I need 3 knights. I could:
1. Build 2 knights at Toledo, and send 1 knight from somewhere else to Toledo first (but that takes time)
2. Build 2 knights at Toledo, and also send some from another village that can reach Madrid... but only Toledo connects to Madrid directly.

Wait, let me re-read the road network:
[12] Madrid connects to [7], [8], [14], [17]. Only [8] is mine. So I can only attack Madrid from [8] Toledo.

So I need to get at least 3 knights to Toledo, then attack Madrid.

Options:
1. Build 2 knights at Toledo this turn, and have 1 knight already at Toledo... but Toledo has 0 knights.
2. Send 1 knight from another village to Toledo this turn, and build 2 knights at Toledo. The knight from elsewhere would take time to arrive.

From [4] Badajoz to [8] Toledo: Badajoz connects to [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. So [4] -> [8] is direct. Travel time: let me check. The report says for Badajoz: "from here to your nearest border village [4] Badajoz: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" - wait, that's for Evora to Badajoz. Let me look at the march distances.

Actually, the report gives march distances from each village to its nearest border village, not between all pairs. I need to estimate based on the road network.

Let me think about distances. The roads seem to be roughly:
- [4] Badajoz to [8] Toledo: direct road. I'll estimate 1-2 turns for fast troops.
- [3] Coimbra to [8] Toledo: not directly connected. Would need to go through [1] or [4] or [7]... actually [3] connects to [1], [6], [7]. [1] connects to [0], [3], [4]. [4] connects to [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. So [3] -> [1] -> [4] -> [8] is a path. That's 3 hops.

Actually, I should focus on what I can do this turn.

Let me reconsider the strategy. Maybe attacking Madrid isn't the best first move if I can't assemble enough troops quickly.

Alternative: attack Salamanca [7]. It connects to my [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajza, [6] Porto. I can attack from multiple villages.

Enemy at Salamanca: 3 spearmen, 4 archers, 2 knights, defense 23. Most numerous: archer (4). Counter: knight.

To beat defense 23 with counter bonus:
- Need effective attack > 23
- With 1.5x counter: need base attack > 15.34, so at least 16
- 4 knights: 16 base attack, *1.5 = 24 > 23. Win!
- 3 knights + 2 archers: 12+4=16, *1.5 = 24 > 23. Win!
- 3 knights + 1 archer: 12+2=14, *1.5 = 21 < 23. Lose.
- 5 knights: 20, *1.5 = 30 > 23. Win!

So I need at least 4 knights or equivalent attacking Salamanca.

I have knights available at:
- [0] Lisboa: 2 knight
- [1] Santarem: 2 knight
- [2] Evora: 2 knight
- [3] Coimbra: 2 knight
- [6] Porto: 2 knight

But can they reach Salamanca? Salamanca connects to [3], [4], [6], [12].
- From [3] Coimbra: direct to [7]. March distance: "from here to your nearest border village [3] Coimbra: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" - wait, that's for Lisboa to Coimbra. Let me check Coimbra's own distances.

Actually, looking at the FRONT MAP section:
- [3] Coimbra faces [7] Salamanca. The march distance isn't explicitly given for Coimbra to Salamanca, but since they're directly connected and both are border villages, it should be 1 turn for fast troops.

Hmm, but the report says for [6] Porto: "march from [6] Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Salamanca. So from Porto to Salamanca is 1 turn for fast troops (knights).

For Coimbra to Salamanca, since they're directly connected, I'll assume 1 turn for knights.

OK, let me think about this differently. I need to plan multiple turns.

**My plan:**
1. Build knights where I can afford them
2. Gather forces at key border villages
3. Attack weak enemy villages

Let me think about what to build this turn:

Villages with good resources for building:
- [6] Porto: 125 wood, 260 iron. Can build 4 knights (120 wood, 120 iron) or many archers/spearmen.
- [3] Coimbra: 60 wood, 200 iron. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron).
- [4] Badajoz: 60 wood, 130 iron. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 4 spearmen (60 wood).
- [8] Toledo: 60 wood, 100 iron. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 4 spearmen (60 wood).

I think building knights is important because most enemy villages have archers as the most numerous type, and knights counter archers.

Let me plan builds:
- [6] Porto: build 4 knights (120 wood, 120 iron). This gives Porto 4 new knights, adding to the 2 already there = 6 knights total at Porto.
- [3] Coimbra: build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Coimbra already has 2 knights, so total 4 knights.
- [4] Badajoz: build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Badajoz has 0 knights, so total 2 knights.
- [8] Toledo: build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Toledo has 0 knights, so total 2 knights.

Total knights built: 10. Total wood used: 300. Total iron used: 300.

But wait, each village builds from its own stock. Let me verify:
- Porto: 125 wood, 260 iron. 4 knights = 120 wood, 120 iron. Remaining: 5 wood, 140 iron. OK.
- Coimbra: 60 wood, 200 iron. 2 knights = 60 wood, 60 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 140 iron. OK.
- Badajoz: 60 wood, 130 iron. 2 knights = 60 wood, 60 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 70 iron. OK.
- Toledo: 60 wood, 100 iron. 2 knights = 60 wood, 60 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 40 iron. OK.

But wait, the cap is 300 troops per village. Let me check current counts:
- Porto: 29 at home. Building 4 knights = 33. Under 300. OK.
- Coimbra: 17 at home. Building 2 knights = 19. OK.
- Badajoz: 18 at home. Building 2 knights = 20. OK.
- Toledo: 28 at home. Building 2 knights = 30. OK.

Now, for movements. I need to decide where to send troops.

For attacking Salamanca [7], I can attack from [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz, or [6] Porto.

If I send from multiple villages, each send fights alone (they don't add up). So I need each send to be strong enough to win on its own, or I need to time them so they arrive together but fight separately... wait, "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."

So sending from multiple villages to the same target is not helpful unless each can win independently. Actually, if they fight one at a time, the first one might win and take the village, then the second one would arrive at a village that's now mine and join as reinforcement. Or if the first one loses, the second one fights next.

Actually, re-reading: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there." So if I send from Coimbra to Salamanca, it fights at Salamanca. If I also send from Porto to Salamanca, it also fights at Salamanca. They fight "one at a time" - so the order matters. If the first one wins and takes Salamanca, the second one arrives at a friendly village and joins the garrison.

But this is risky. It's better to send from one village with enough force.

Let me think about which village can field the strongest army against Salamanca.

From [6] Porto: currently 10 spearman, 17 archer, 2 knight. After building 4 knights: 10 spearman, 17 archer, 6 knight. Total 33 troops.

If I send all from Porto to Salamanca:
- Most numerous type: archer (17). Archer doesn't counter archer. No bonus.
- Attack: 10*1 + 17*2 + 6*4 = 10 + 34 + 24 = 68
- Defense: 23
- 68 > 23, I win even without counter bonus!

But wait, I need to check if Porto can send all troops. "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" for Porto is 10 spearman, 17 archer, 2 knight. After building 4 knights, it would be 10 spearman, 17 archer, 6 knight.

Actually, if I send all 33 troops, that's a big commitment. And the loser is destroyed entirely, while the winner loses troops worth half the loser's effective force.

Let me calculate the battle more carefully:

Attacker (Porto): 10 spearman (attack 1), 17 archer (attack 2), 6 knight (attack 4)
Most numerous: archer (17). Enemy most numerous: archer (4). No counter bonus.
Effective attack: 10*1 + 17*2 + 6*4 = 10 + 34 + 24 = 68
Effective defense: 23

Winner: Attacker (68 > 23)
Loser: Defender (Salamanca garrison: 3 spearmen, 4 archers, 2 knights)

Wait, what's the defender's effective force? The report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 23". This already includes the location bonus. So the defender's effective force is 23.

The winner loses troops worth half of the loser's effective force. Half of 23 = 11.5, rounded... let me assume 11 or 12. This is spread over troop types.

Actually, I'm not sure how the loss is calculated exactly. "The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself."

So the winner loses troops with total attack value equal to half the loser's effective force. Half of 23 = 11.5. The loss is spread over the winner's troop types proportionally? Or in some other way?

This is getting complex. Let me simplify: if I attack with a large army, I'll win but lose some troops. The key is whether the resulting garrison at Salamanca is strong enough to hold it.

Actually, I think the most important thing is to just win the battle and take the village. The exact troop losses are secondary.

Let me reconsider my approach. Maybe I should focus on a more conservative strategy.

**Alternative strategy: Attack Madrid from Toledo.**

Madrid has defense 15, which is the lowest. If I can get enough knights to Toledo, I can take it.

Toledo currently has 4 spearman, 24 archer. After building 2 knights: 4 spearman, 24 archer, 2 knight. Total 30 troops.

If I send all from Toledo to Madrid:
- Most numerous: archer (24). Enemy most numerous: archer (3, tie with knight but tiebreak gives archer). No counter bonus.
- Attack: 4*1 + 24*2 + 2*4 = 4 + 48 + 8 = 60
- Defense: 15
- 60 > 15, easy win!

Even without the counter bonus, Toledo's army is strong enough to take Madrid. And with 24 archers being the most numerous type, there's no counter bonus, but the raw attack power is sufficient.

Actually wait, I should check: does the enemy's most numerous type matter if I don't have the counter? The counter is a bonus, not a requirement. If my most numerous type doesn't counter the enemy's most numerous type, I just don't get the 1.5x bonus. But I can still win based on raw attack vs defense.

So with 60 attack vs 15 defense, I win easily.

But wait, I need to check the travel time. From [8] Toledo to [12] Madrid: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". If I send archers (medium speed), it takes 1 turn. If I send a mix with spearmen (slow), it takes 2 turns.

If I send only archers and knights (no spearmen), the speed is medium (archers are medium, knights are fast, so the slowest is medium). Travel time: 1 turn.

So if I order the attack this turn, it arrives next turn.

But there's a risk: the enemy might reinforce Madrid between now and then. The report says no enemy armies are on the march currently. But the enemy could order reinforcements this turn.

Let me think about whether I should send the whole Toledo army or just part of it.

If I send all 30 troops from Toledo, Toledo becomes empty. That's risky if the enemy attacks Toledo. But Toledo is interior (well, it's a border village facing Madrid and Teruel). If I empty it, it's vulnerable.

Actually, looking at the map: Toledo [8] connects to [4] Badajoz (mine), [11] Cordoba (mine), [12] Madrid (enemy), [13] Teruel (enemy). So it has two friendly neighbors and two enemy neighbors. If I empty it, the enemy could attack from Madrid or Teruel and take it easily.

But if I take Madrid, then Toledo's only enemy neighbor would be Teruel (since Madrid becomes mine). And with Madrid as a buffer, Toledo is safer.

Hmm, but I need to leave some troops in Toledo for defense. Let me think about how many.

If I send 20 archers from Toledo to Madrid, leaving 4 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight (10 troops) in Toledo:
- Attack: 20*2 = 40 (all archers, most numerous archer, no counter)
- Defense: 15
- 40 > 15, win!

But wait, if I send only archers, the most numerous type is archer, and the enemy's most numerous is also archer, so no counter bonus. But 40 > 15 anyway.

Actually, I should send some knights too for the counter bonus. If I send 2 knights + 10 archers:
- Most numerous: archer (10 vs 2). No counter.
- Attack: 2*4 + 10*2 = 28 > 15. Win!

If I send 3 knights + 5 archers:
- Most numerous: archer (5 vs 3). No counter.
- Attack: 3*4 + 5*2 = 22 > 15. Win!

If I send 4 knights + 2 archers:
- Most numerous: knight (4 vs 2). Knight counters archer (enemy most numerous). 1.5x bonus!
- Attack: 4*4 + 2*2 = 20. With bonus: 30 > 15. Win!

But I only have 2 knights at Toledo (after building). So I can't send 4 knights from Toledo alone.

What if I send troops from another village to reinforce Toledo first, then attack next turn? That delays the attack.

Let me think about a multi-turn plan:
1. This turn: Build knights at multiple villages. Send knights from nearby villages to Toledo.
2. Next turn: Attack Madrid from Toledo with enough knights.

But the problem is that sending troops to Toledo takes time. From [4] Badajoz to [8] Toledo is a direct road. If Badajoz has knights, they could reach Toledo in 1 turn (fast).

Actually, let me reconsider. Maybe I should attack from multiple fronts simultaneously to divide the enemy's forces.

**Plan:**
- Attack Madrid [12] from Toledo [8] with archers (no need for counter bonus, raw power suffices)
- Attack Salamanca [7] from Porto [6] or Coimbra [3] or Badajoz [4]

For Salamanca (defense 23):
- From Porto with 10 spearman, 17 archer, 6 knight (after building 4 knights):
  - Most numerous: archer. No counter. Attack: 68 > 23. Win!
  - But that empties Porto, which is risky.

Actually, Porto connects to [3] Coimbra (mine), [7] Salamanca (enemy), [10] Vigo (enemy). If I empty Porto, the enemy could attack from Salamanca or Vigo and take it. But if I'm attacking Salamanca at the same time, the enemy might be defending there and not attacking Porto.

This is getting complex. Let me simplify and focus on one clear plan.

**My decision:**

I'll focus on building knights and attacking Madrid from Toledo, while also attacking Salamanca from Porto.

Builds:
- [6] Porto: build 4 knights (cost: 120 wood, 120 iron)
- [3] Coimbra: build 2 knights (cost: 60 wood, 60 iron)
- [4] Badajoz: build 2 knights (cost: 60 wood, 60 iron)
- [8] Toledo: build 2 knights (cost: 60 wood, 60 iron)

Movements:
- From [8] Toledo to [12] Madrid: send 20 archers (leaving 4 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight in Toledo for defense)
  - Wait, after building 2 knights, Toledo has 4 spearman, 24 archer, 2 knight. If I send 20 archers, I have 4 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight left = 10 troops. That's a reasonable defense.
  - Attack power: 20 * 2 = 40 vs defense 15. Win!

- From [6] Porto to [7] Salamanca: send some troops
  - After building 4 knights, Porto has 10 spearman, 17 archer, 6 knight.
  - If I send 10 spearman, 10 archer, 6 knight: most numerous is spearman (10) or archer (10)? Tie. Tiebreak: spearman wins. Spearman doesn't counter archer. No bonus.
  - Attack: 10*1 + 10*2 + 6*4 = 54 > 23. Win!
  - But this leaves 0 spearman, 7 archer, 0 knight in Porto = 7 troops. Weak defense.

Hmm, maybe I should send fewer from Porto. Let me think about what's needed.

For Salamanca (defense 23), without counter bonus:
- Need attack > 23
- 12 archers = 24 > 23. Just barely win!
- But if the enemy has been reinforced, defense might be higher.

Actually, the report says Salamanca's effective defense is 23 "was 35, 5 turns ago". So it was recently attacked and the defense dropped. The current garrison is 3 spearmen, 4 archers, 2 knights = 9 troops.

Wait, effective defense includes location bonus. The base defense of the troops is:
- 3 spearmen: 3 * 2 = 6
- 4 archers: 4 * 2 = 8
- 2 knights: 2 * 2 = 4
Total base defense: 18
Location bonus: village gives x1.25. 18 * 1.25 = 22.5, rounded to 23. Yes, that matches.

So the effective defense is 23. My attack needs to exceed 23.

If I send 12 archers from Porto: attack 24 > 23. I win, but barely. And I lose some troops.

Let me calculate losses more carefully. The loser (defender) has effective force 23. The winner (attacker) loses troops worth half the loser's effective force = 11.5, spread over troop types.

If I send 12 archers (all archers), the loss would be about 6 archers (worth 12 attack, which is about half of 23... hmm, the loss is in terms of "effective force" not attack value).

Actually, I think the rule means: the winner loses troops whose total effective force equals half the loser's effective force. For archers, effective force in combat is their attack value (2) when attacking, or defense (2) when defending. But the loss calculation might use some other metric.

I think I'm overcomplicating this. Let me just focus on winning battles with sufficient force.

Let me reconsider the whole strategy.

**New plan: Focus on the southern front.**

Looking at the map, my southern villages are:
- [11] Cordoba: 7 troops, faces [15] Murcia (enemy, defense 28)
- [9] Sevilha: 4 troops, interior
- [5] Faro: 7 troops, interior
- [2] Evora: 2 troops, interior

Murcia has defense 28, garrison of 2 spearmen, 6 archers, 3 knights. Most numerous: archer. Counter: knight.

To beat defense 28 with counter bonus:
- Need base attack > 18.67, so at least 19
- 5 knights: 20 * 1.5 = 30 > 28. Win!
- 4 knights + 1 archer: 16+2=18, *1.5 = 27 < 28. Lose.
- 5 knights + 1 archer: 20+2=22, *1.5 = 33 > 28. Win!

Without counter bonus:
- Need attack > 28
- 15 archers: 30 > 28. Win!

From Cordoba [11], I have 4 spearman, 3 archer. That's only 7 troops, attack power 4+6=10. Not enough.

I could reinforce Cordoba from Sevilha [9] or elsewhere. Sevilha has 4 spearman. Sending them to Cordoba: 1 turn (both are fast? spearman is slow, so 1 slow turn).

Actually, let me check: "from here to your nearest border village [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Sevilha. So sending spearmen from Sevilha to Cordoba takes 1 turn.

But even with 4 spearman from Sevilha + 4 spearman + 3 archer from Cordoba = 11 troops, attack = 4+4+6 = 14. Still not enough for Murcia (defense 28).

I'd need to build more troops. Cordoba has wood 70, iron 90. Can build 4 spearman (60 wood) or 3 archer (60 wood, 30 iron) or 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron).

This front is too weak. Let me focus on the northern/central fronts.

**Revised plan: Attack Madrid from Toledo, and Salamanca from Porto/Coimbra.**

Let me finalize my orders:

Builds:
1. [6] Porto: build 4 knights (120 wood, 120 iron) - total built: 4 knights
2. [3] Coimbra: build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) - total built: 2 knights
3. [4] Badajoz: build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) - total built: 2 knights
4. [8] Toledo: build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) - total built: 2 knights

Movements:
1. From [8] Toledo to [12] Madrid: send 15 archers and 2 knights
   - After building, Toledo has 4 spearman, 24 archer, 2 knight.
   - Sending 15 archer + 2 knight = 17 troops.
   - Remaining in Toledo: 4 spearman, 9 archer = 13 troops.
   - Attack: most numerous is archer (15). Enemy most numerous is archer. No counter.
   - Attack power: 15*2 + 2*4 = 38 > 15. Win!
   - Actually, if I send 2 knights + 15 archers, knights are not most numerous. But what if I send 3 knights + 12 archers? I only have 2 knights at Toledo. So I can't.

Wait, what if I send the 2 knights + 18 archers? Most numerous is still archer. No counter bonus. Attack: 4 + 36 = 40 > 15. Win!

Or just send 20 archers: attack 40 > 15. Win! And leave 4 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight = 10 troops for defense.

Actually, I want to keep the knights for defense or for future attacks. Let me send 20 archers from Toledo to Madrid. That leaves 4 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight = 10 troops in Toledo.

2. From [6] Porto to [7] Salamanca: send some troops
   - After building, Porto has 10 spearman, 17 archer, 6 knight = 33 troops.
   - I need to leave some for defense. Porto faces Salamanca and Vigo.
   - If I send 8 spearman, 12 archer, 4 knight = 24 troops.
   - Most numerous: archer (12). No counter. Attack: 8+24+16 = 48 > 23. Win!
   - Remaining: 2 spearman, 5 archer, 2 knight = 9 troops. Weak but maybe OK.

Actually, let me think about whether I should attack Salamanca at all. If I take Madrid first, then Salamanca becomes more valuable (it connects to Madrid). But taking Madrid from Toledo means I need to march from Toledo, which takes 1 turn for archers.

Alternatively, I could attack Salamanca from Coimbra [3] instead of Porto.

Coimbra after building 2 knights: 15 archer, 2 knight (the 17 troops were 15 archer + 2 knight, plus 2 new knights = 15 archer, 4 knight? Wait, let me re-read.

Coimbra: "troops at home: 17 / 300. AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 15 archer, 2 knight"
So currently: 15 archer + 2 knight = 17 troops. After building 2 knights: 15 archer + 4 knight = 19 troops.

If I send all 19 from Coimbra to Salamanca:
- Most numerous: archer (15). No counter. Attack: 30 + 16 = 46 > 23. Win!
- But that empties Coimbra, which faces Salamanca. If I take Salamanca, Coimbra is safe. But if the enemy attacks Coimbra from Salamanca simultaneously... wait, if I'm attacking Salamanca, the enemy there is defending. They can't also attack Coimbra from Salamanca at the same time (the troops are busy defending).

Actually, the enemy could have other troops attacking Coimbra. But looking at the map, Coimbra connects to [1] Santarem (mine), [6] Porto (mine), [7] Salamanca (enemy). So the only enemy neighbor is Salamanca. If Salamanca's troops are defending (being attacked), they can't also attack Coimbra. So Coimbra is safe if I attack Salamanca.

But if I empty Coimbra, and the enemy somehow attacks from Salamanca (if they have reinforcements arriving), Coimbra could fall.

Let me be more careful. I'll leave some troops in each village.

OK, let me finalize:

**Builds:**
- [6] Porto: 4 knights
- [3] Coimbra: 2 knights
- [4] Badajoz: 2 knights
- [8] Toledo: 2 knights

**Movements:**
- From [8] Toledo to [12] Madrid: 20 archers (leaving 4 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight)
- From [3] Coimbra to [7] Salamanca: 10 archer, 2 knight (leaving 5 archer, 2 knight... wait, after building Coimbra has 15 archer, 4 knight. Sending 10 archer, 2 knight leaves 5 archer, 2 knight = 7 troops)
  - Attack: 10*2 + 2*4 = 28 > 23. Win!
  - But wait, most numerous is archer (10). No counter. 28 > 23, win.

Actually, what if I send 12 archer, 2 knight from Coimbra? Attack: 24 + 8 = 32 > 23. Win! Leaves 3 archer, 2 knight = 5 troops.

Hmm, 5 troops is very weak. But if I take Salamanca, Coimbra's only enemy neighbor becomes... wait, Salamanca connects to [3], [4], [6], [12]. If I take Salamanca, it becomes mine. Then Coimbra's neighbors are [1] Santarem (mine), [6] Porto (mine), [7] Salamanca (now mine). So Coimbra becomes interior! No enemy neighbors. So I don't need a strong garrison there.

But wait, the enemy could attack Salamanca from Madrid [12] or from other villages. If Salamanca falls to me, the enemy could try to retake it. But that would require them to march from Madrid or elsewhere, which takes time.

OK, I think this plan is reasonable. Let me also consider sending troops from Badajoz [4] to Salamanca [7]. Badajoz connects to [7] directly.

Badajoz after building 2 knights: 4 spearman, 14 archer, 2 knight = 20 troops.
If I send 4 spearman, 10 archer, 2 knight from Badajoz to Salamanca:
- Most numerous: archer (10). No counter. Attack: 4 + 20 + 8 = 32 > 23. Win!
- Leaves 0 spearman, 4 archer, 0 knight = 4 troops. Very weak.

But Badajoz connects to [1] Santarem (mine), [5] Faro (mine), [7] Salamanca (enemy), [8] Toledo (mine), [9] Sevilha (mine). If I take Salamanca, Badajoz's only enemy neighbor is gone. Badajoz becomes interior. So leaving it weak is OK.

But wait, if I send from both Coimbra and Badajoz to Salamanca, they fight separately. The first one might win and take the village, then the second one arrives at a friendly village and joins as reinforcement. Or the first one might lose, and the second one fights next.

Actually, if both attacks arrive on the same turn, they fight one at a time. The first attack fights the garrison. If it wins, it takes the village. Then the second attack arrives and finds a friendly village, so it joins as reinforcement. If the first attack loses, the second attack fights the (now reinforced) garrison.

This is risky. It's better to send from only one village per target, or coordinate so that the stronger one goes first.

But I don't control the order. The rules say "each send fights alone, one at a time." I'm not sure what determines the order. Maybe the order is determined by something I don't control.

To be safe, I should only attack each target from one village.

Let me choose:
- Attack Madrid [12] from Toledo [8] with 20 archers.
- Attack Salamanca [7] from Coimbra [3] with 12 archers and 2 knights.

Wait, but if I attack Salamanca from Coimbra, and also from Porto... no, I'll only attack from Coimbra.

But actually, I could also attack Vigo [10] from Porto [6]. Vigo has defense 28, garrison 3 spearmen, 7 archers, 1 knight. Most numerous: archer. Counter: knight.

From Porto after building 4 knights: 10 spearman, 17 archer, 6 knight.
If I send 6 spearman, 10 archer, 4 knight to Vigo:
- Most numerous: archer (10). No counter. Attack: 6 + 20 + 16 = 42 > 28. Win!
- Leaves 4 spearman, 7 archer, 2 knight = 13 troops.

But wait, Porto connects to [3] Coimbra (mine), [7] Salamanca (enemy), [10] Vigo (enemy). If I attack Vigo and Salamanca simultaneously from Porto... I can only send one army from Porto. I can't split it to attack two different targets in the same turn.

Actually, I can only send one army from each village per turn? The rules don't explicitly say that. Let me re-read.

"movements": array of objects with fromId, toId, troops. I could potentially send from the same village to multiple targets? But that would split the garrison, and each send fights alone. The rules say "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up" but don't say you can't send from the same village to multiple targets.

But practically, if I send from Porto to both Salamanca and Vigo, I'm splitting my forces. And each send fights independently. If one send is too weak, it loses.

I think it's better to focus on one attack per village.

Let me simplify my plan:

**This turn:**
1. Build knights at Porto (4), Coimbra (2), Badajoz (2), Toledo (2).
2. Send 20 archers from Toledo to Madrid.
3. Send 12 archers + 2 knights from Coimbra to Salamanca.

That's two attacks on different fronts. Let me verify the math:

Toledo to Madrid: 20 archers, attack 40 vs defense 15. Win!
Coimbra to Salamanca: 12 archers + 2 knights, attack 24+8=32 vs defense 23. Win!

Both should win. After winning:
- Madrid becomes mine. Toledo's army loses some troops but gains a new village.
- Salamanca becomes mine. Coimbra's army loses some troops but gains a new village.

After these conquests, I'd have 12 villages (10 current + Madrid + Salamanca). I need 18 for 75%.

But wait, I also need to consider that the enemy might attack my villages this turn. Let me check what the enemy could do.

The enemy has villages at [7] Salamanca, [10] Vigo, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [15] Murcia, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza, [16] Valencia, [18] Castellon, and unexplored [19], [20], [21], [22], [23].

The enemy could attack:
- From [7] Salamanca to my [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto
- From [10] Vigo to my [6] Porto
- From [12] Madrid to my [8] Toledo
- From [13] Teruel to my [8] Toledo
- From [15] Murcia to my [11] Cordoba

If the enemy attacks Toledo from Madrid or Teruel, and I've emptied Toledo (sent 20 of 30 troops), Toledo would be weak. But I'm leaving 10 troops (4 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight) which has defense... let me calculate.

Toledo's remaining troops: 4 spearman (defense 2 each), 4 archer (defense 2 each), 2 knight (defense 2 each). Total base defense: (4+4+2)*2 = 20. Location bonus for village: x1.25. Effective defense: 25.

Madrid's current garrison: 3 archers, 3 knights. Base defense: 3*2 + 3*2 = 12. Location bonus: x1.25 = 15. Effective defense: 15 (as reported).

If Madrid attacks Toledo: attacker's attack vs defender's defense.
Madrid's attack: 3*2 + 3*4 = 18. Most numerous: tie between archer and knight. Tiebreak: archer wins. Archer doesn't counter anything special here (Toledo's most numerous would be archer if defending... wait, the counter rule applies to the attacker's most numerous type vs the defender's most numerous type? Let me re-read.

"Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5 (every troop in it, not only the countering type)."

This applies to the attacker. The attacker's most numerous type vs the defender's most numerous type. If the attacker's type counters the defender's type, the attacker gets 1.5x.

If Madrid attacks Toledo:
- Madrid's most numerous: archer (by tiebreak). Toledo's most numerous (remaining troops): archer (4). Archer doesn't counter archer. No bonus.
- Madrid attack: 18. Toledo defense: 25 (with location bonus).
- 18 < 25. Madrid loses!

So even with reduced garrison, Toledo can defend against Madrid. Good.

What if Teruel attacks Toledo? Teruel has 3 spearmen, 11 archers, 6 knights. Most numerous: archer. Attack: 3*1 + 11*2 + 6*4 = 3 + 22 + 24 = 49. With no counter (archer vs archer), 49 vs Toledo's defense 25. Teruel wins easily.

But would the enemy order that attack? They might. If they do, Toledo falls. That's a risk.

To mitigate this, I could leave more troops in Toledo. But then my attack on Madrid is weaker.

Alternatively, I could not attack Madrid this turn and instead build up forces more. But I need to make progress.

Let me think about the enemy's likely behavior. The enemy doesn't know my orders (simultaneous). They might attack my border villages. But they also might defend their own villages.

Given the complexity, let me just go with my plan and accept the risks.

Actually, wait. Let me reconsider. Maybe I should focus on building up my armies rather than attacking this turn. I've lost two villages recently (Salamanca and Murcia), and my troops are spread thin. Building up for a few turns before attacking might be better.

But the game requires me to take villages to win. I need to attack eventually.

Let me go with a moderate plan: build troops and send some attacks, but leave reasonable defenses.

**Final plan:**

Builds:
- [6] Porto: 4 knights (cost: 120 wood, 120 iron)
- [3] Coimbra: 2 knights (cost: 60 wood, 60 iron)
- [4] Badajoz: 2 knights (cost: 60 wood, 60 iron)
- [8] Toledo: 2 knights (cost: 60 wood, 60 iron)

Movements:
- From [8] Toledo to [12] Madrid: 15 archers, 2 knights
  - Leaves: 4 spearman, 9 archer, 0 knight = 13 troops
  - Attack: 15*2 + 2*4 = 38 > 15. Win!
  - Actually, most numerous is archer (15). Enemy most numerous is archer (3, by tiebreak). No counter. 38 > 15. Win!

- From [3] Coimbra to [7] Salamanca: 10 archers, 2 knights
  - After building, Coimbra has 15 archer, 4 knight. Sending 10 archer, 2 knight leaves 5 archer, 2 knight = 7 troops.
  - Attack: 20 + 8 = 28 > 23. Win!
  - Most numerous: archer (10). Enemy most numerous: archer (4). No counter. 28 > 23. Win!

Wait, I should double-check: after building 2 knights at Coimbra, Coimbra has 15 archer + 4 knight = 19 troops. If I send 10 archer + 2 knight, that's 12 troops sent, leaving 5 archer + 2 knight = 7 troops.

Hmm, 7 troops for Coimbra's defense. Coimbra faces Salamanca. If I take Salamanca, Coimbra becomes interior. But if the enemy attacks Coimbra from Salamanca before my attack arrives... wait, the enemy's Salamanca troops would be defending against my attack. They can't simultaneously attack Coimbra. Unless the enemy has other troops arriving at Salamanca that then attack Coimbra.

Actually, the enemy could order troops from another village to attack Coimbra. For example, from Madrid [12] to Salamanca [7] to Coimbra [3]. But that would take multiple turns.

I think the risk is acceptable.

Let me also consider sending troops from Badajoz [4] to reinforce Toledo [8] or Coimbra [3].

Badajoz after building 2 knights: 4 spearman, 14 archer, 2 knight = 20 troops.
If I send 4 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight from Badajoz to Coimbra:
- They march from [4] to [3]. Road: [4] connects to [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. [3] connects to [1], [6], [7]. So [4] -> [1] -> [3] is a path. Or [4] -> [7] -> [3] but [7] is enemy, so the army would stop there and fight. So the only safe path is [4] -> [1] -> [3].
- Travel time: [4] to [1] is 1 turn (assuming), [1] to [3] is 1 turn. Total 2 turns for slow troops. For medium (archers), maybe 1 turn per hop? For fast (knights), maybe 1 turn for both hops.

This is getting complicated. Let me just focus on the two main attacks and not overcomplicate things.

Actually, I realize I should also consider building troops at other villages for future turns. Let me check which villages have resources for building:

- [0] Lisboa: 70 wood, 70 iron. Can build 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron) or 3 archer (60 wood, 30 iron) or 4 spearman (60 wood).
- [1] Santarem: 70 wood, 120 iron. Can build 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron) or 3 archer (60 wood, 30 iron) or 4 spearman (60 wood).
- [2] Evora: 70 wood, 100 iron. Can build 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron) or 3 archer (60 wood, 30 iron) or 4 spearman (60 wood).
- [5] Faro: 60 wood, 130 iron. Can build 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron) or 3 archer (60 wood, 30 iron) or 4 spearman (60 wood).
- [9] Sevilha: 70 wood, 90 iron. Can build 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron) or 3 archer (60 wood, 30 iron) or 4 spearman (60 wood).
- [11] Cordoba: 70 wood, 90 iron. Can build 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron) or 3 archer (60 wood, 30 iron) or 4 spearman (60 wood).

I could build at all these villages too. But I need to prioritize.

Let me focus on building knights at the border villages that I'm using for attacks, and also build at interior villages for future reinforcement.

Actually, let me simplify even further. I'll build at all my villages to maximize troop production.

Builds:
- [0] Lisboa: 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron)
- [1] Santarem: 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron)
- [2] Evora: 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron)
- [3] Coimbra: 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron)
- [4] Badajoz: 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron)
- [5] Faro: 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron)
- [6] Porto: 4 knights (120 wood, 120 iron) - can only build 4 because of wood limit
- [8] Toledo: 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron)
- [9] Sevilha: 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron)
- [11] Cordoba: 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron)

Total knights built: 24. Total wood: 660, total iron: 600.

But wait, each village has limited resources. Let me verify:
- [0] Lisboa: wood 70, iron 70. 2 knights = 60 wood, 60 iron. OK. Remaining: 10 wood, 10 iron.
- [1] Santarem: wood 70, iron 120. 2 knights = 60 wood, 60 iron. OK. Remaining: 10 wood, 60 iron.
- [2] Evora: wood 70, iron 100. 2 knights = 60 wood, 60 iron. OK. Remaining: 10 wood, 40 iron.
- [3] Coimbra: wood 60, iron 200. 2 knights = 60 wood, 60 iron. OK. Remaining: 0 wood, 140 iron.
- [4] Badajoz: wood 60, iron 130. 2 knights = 60 wood, 60 iron. OK. Remaining: 0 wood, 70 iron.
- [5] Faro: wood 60, iron 130. 2 knights = 60 wood, 60 iron. OK. Remaining: 0 wood, 70 iron.
- [6] Porto: wood 125, iron 260. 4 knights = 120 wood, 120 iron. OK. Remaining: 5 wood, 140 iron.
- [8] Toledo: wood 60, iron 100. 2 knights = 60 wood, 60 iron. OK. Remaining: 0 wood, 40 iron.
- [9] Sevilha: wood 70, iron 90. 2 knights = 60 wood, 60 iron. OK. Remaining: 10 wood, 30 iron.
- [11] Cordoba: wood 70, iron 90. 2 knights = 60 wood, 60 iron. OK. Remaining: 10 wood, 30 iron.

All OK. But this uses all my wood and most of my iron. I won't be able to build anything next turn without waiting for production.

Actually, that's fine. Resources produce each turn. Next turn I'll have more.

But wait, I should check troop caps. Each village can have up to 300 troops. Current counts + new builds:
- [0] Lisboa: 2 + 2 = 4. OK.
- [1] Santarem: 5 + 2 = 7. OK.
- [2] Evora: 2 + 2 = 4. OK.
- [3] Coimbra: 17 + 2 = 19. OK.
- [4] Badajoz: 18 + 2 = 20. OK.
- [5] Faro: 7 + 2 = 9. OK.
- [6] Porto: 29 + 4 = 33. OK.
- [8] Toledo: 28 + 2 = 30. OK.
- [9] Sevilha: 4 + 2 = 6. OK.
- [11] Cordoba: 7 + 2 = 9. OK.

All under 300. Good.

Now for movements. I'll attack Madrid from Toledo and Salamanca from Coimbra.

But wait, I'm building 2 knights at Toledo. After building, Toledo has 4 spearman, 24 archer, 2 knight = 30 troops. If I send 15 archer + 2 knight to Madrid, that's 17 troops. Remaining: 4 spearman, 9 archer = 13 troops.

And Coimbra after building: 15 archer, 4 knight = 19 troops. If I send 10 archer + 2 knight to Salamanca, that's 12 troops. Remaining: 5 archer, 2 knight = 7 troops.

Hmm, I want to make sure these attacks succeed. Let me double-check the math:

Madrid attack (15 archer, 2 knight):
- Attack: 15*2 + 2*4 = 30 + 8 = 38
- Enemy defense: 15
- 38 > 15. Win!

Salamanca attack (10 archer, 2 knight):
- Attack: 10*2 + 2*4 = 20 + 8 = 28
- Enemy defense: 23
- 28 > 23. Win!

Both should win. But I'm worried about reinforcements. The enemy might have ordered reinforcements to Madrid or Salamanca this turn. If Madrid gets reinforced, its defense could increase.

But I can't know what the enemy will do. Let me just go with this plan.

Actually, let me reconsider. Instead of sending from Coimbra to Salamanca, what if I send from Porto? Porto has more troops.

Porto after building 4 knights: 10 spearman, 17 archer, 6 knight = 33 troops.
If I send 8 spearman, 12 archer, 4 knight to Salamanca:
- Attack: 8 + 24 + 16 = 48 > 23. Win!
- Remaining: 2 spearman, 5 archer, 2 knight = 9 troops.

That's a stronger attack and leaves 9 troops in Porto (better than 7 in Coimbra). But Porto also faces Vigo. If Vigo attacks Porto, 9 troops might not be enough.

Vigo has defense 28, garrison 3 spearmen, 7 archers, 1 knight. If Vigo attacks Porto:
- Vigo attack: 3*1 + 7*2 + 1*4 = 3 + 14 + 4 = 21
- Porto defense (remaining): 2 spearman (def 2), 5 archer (def 2), 2 knight (def 2). Base defense: 9*2 = 18. Location bonus x1.25 = 22.5 ≈ 23.
- 21 vs 23: Vigo loses! Porto holds.

So even with 9 troops, Porto can defend against Vigo. Good.

But wait, if I send from Porto to Salamanca, and the enemy sends from Vigo to Porto simultaneously, the battle happens at Porto. Vigo's army marches to Porto and attacks. Porto's remaining troops defend.

Actually, the enemy army from Vigo would need to march to Porto. Vigo connects to [6] Porto and [14] Burgos. So Vigo to Porto is direct. Travel time: 1 turn for fast troops, but Vigo's army has spearmen (slow), so it might take 1 slow turn.

If both happen this turn: my attack from Porto to Salamanca leaves Porto, and enemy attack from Vigo to Porto arrives. The enemy attacks Porto with its garrison. My remaining 9 troops defend. As calculated, 21 < 23, so Vigo loses. Good.

But what if the enemy reinforces Vigo before attacking? I can't predict that.

OK, I think I'm overthinking this. Let me just go with a reasonable plan.

Let me also consider: should I attack Vigo instead of Salamanca? Vigo has defense 28 vs Salamanca's 23. Salamanca is weaker. But Vigo was recently conquered by me (I attacked it 1x in the last 8 turns and conquered it). So it might have a weaker garrison now.

Actually, looking at the report: "you attacked here 1x in the last 8 turns (1 conquered)" for Vigo. So I conquered Vigo at some point, and it's now enemy again. The enemy might have a strong garrison there.

Salamanca was also recently conquered (last turn, based on "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN"). So both were recently conquered and have new garrisons.

I'll stick with attacking Salamanca from Porto, since Porto has more troops and can leave a stronger defense.

Actually, let me reconsider one more time. I want to maximize my chances of winning. Let me look at the overall map.

If I take Madrid and Salamanca this turn, I'll have 12 villages. Then I can push toward Burgos, Zaragoza, etc.

But I also need to consider that taking villages requires holding them. If I spread my troops too thin, I might lose them back.

Let me focus on a clear, achievable plan:

**This turn's orders:**

Builds (all villages build knights):
- [0] Lisboa: 2 knight
- [1] Santarem: 2 knight
- [2] Evora: 2 knight
- [3] Coimbra: 2 knight
- [4] Badajoz: 2 knight
- [5] Faro: 2 knight
- [6] Porto: 4 knights
- [8] Toledo: 2 knights
- [9] Sevilha: 2 knight
- [11] Cordoba: 2 knight

Movements:
- From [8] Toledo to [12] Madrid: 15 archers, 2 knights
- From [6] Porto to [7] Salamanca: 8 spearman, 12 archers, 4 knights

Wait, I should also consider sending reinforcements to my border villages that might be attacked. But I don't know where the enemy will attack.

Let me also consider sending troops from interior villages to border villages for reinforcement. For example:
- From [1] Santarem to [3] Coimbra or [4] Badajoz
- From [0] Lisboa to [3] Coimbra
- From [2] Evora to [4] Badajoz
- From [5] Faro to [4] Badajoz
- From [9] Sevilha to [11] Cordoba

These would strengthen my border villages. But they take time to arrive.

Actually, I think I should focus on the attacks and not worry too much about reinforcements. The enemy might not attack, and if they do, my border villages should be able to hold.

Let me finalize my orders.

Wait, one more thing. I need to check if I can actually build knights at all these villages. The build cost is per village, using that village's resources. I already verified this above. All good.

Now, for the movements, I need to specify exact troop counts.

From [8] Toledo to [12] Madrid: 
- Toledo after building: 4 spearman, 24 archer, 2 knight
- Send: 0 spearman, 15 archer, 2 knight
- Remaining: 4 spearman, 9 archer, 0 knight = 13 troops

From [6] Porto to [7] Salamanca:
- Porto after building: 10 spearman, 17 archer, 6 knight
- Send: 8 spearman, 12 archer, 4 knight
- Remaining: 2 spearman, 5 archer, 2 knight = 9 troops

Hmm, actually I realize I should check if sending 8 spearman, 12 archer, 4 knight from Porto is too many. The "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" for Porto is 10 spearman, 17 archer, 2 knight. After building 4 knights, it becomes 10 spearman, 17 archer, 6 knight. So I can send 8 spearman, 12 archer, 4 knight. That's within limits.

OK, let me also think about whether I should send any troops to reinforce my other border villages.

Cordoba [11] faces Murcia [15] (enemy, defense 28). Cordoba after building: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight = 9 troops. That's weak. I could send troops from Sevilha [9] to Cordoba.

Sevilha after building: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight = 6 troops. If I send 4 spearman, 2 knight from Sevilha to Cordoba, that would reinforce Cordoba. But then Sevilha is empty.

Actually, Sevilha connects to [4] Badajoz (mine), [5] Faro (mine), [11] Cordoba (mine). So Sevilha is interior. If I empty it, it can't be directly attacked (no enemy neighbors). But the enemy could attack Cordoba, and if Cordoba falls, Sevilha becomes a border village.

Let me send some troops from Sevilha to Cordoba for reinforcement.

From [9] Sevilha to [11] Cordoba: send 2 spearman, 2 knight
- Sevilha after building: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight. Sending 2 spearman, 2 knight leaves 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight = 2 troops. Very weak but interior.
- Cordoba after building + reinforcement: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight + 2 spearman, 2 knight = 6 spearman, 3 archer, 4 knight = 13 troops.
- Cordoba's defense: base defense = 13 * 2 = 26. Location bonus x1.25 = 32.5 ≈ 33. vs Murcia attack: 2*1 + 6*2 + 3*4 = 2 + 12 + 12 = 26. 26 < 33. Murcia loses! Good.

So reinforcing Cordoba from Sevilha is a good idea.

Similarly, I could reinforce Badajoz [4] from nearby villages. Badajoz after building: 4 spearman, 14 archer, 2 knight = 20 troops. That's already decent. But it faces Salamanca (enemy). If I'm attacking Salamanca from Porto, the enemy there is busy defending. So Badajoz might not need reinforcement.

Actually, Badajoz connects to [7] Salamanca (enemy), [8] Toledo (mine), [1] Santarem (mine), [5] Faro (mine), [9] Sevilha (mine). If Salamanca's troops are defending against my attack from Porto, they can't attack Badajoz. So Badajoz is safe.

What about Coimbra [3]? It faces Salamanca too. After building: 15 archer, 4 knight = 19 troops. If I send 10 archer, 2 knight to Salamanca, remaining is 5 archer, 2 knight = 7 troops. Coimbra's defense: 7 * 2 * 1.25 = 17.5 ≈ 18. If Salamanca attacks Coimbra: attack = 3*1 + 4*2 + 2*4 = 3 + 8 + 8 = 19. 19 > 18. Salamanca would win!

But wait, if I'm attacking Salamanca from Porto, the enemy troops there are defending. They can't also attack Coimbra. Unless the enemy has other troops that arrive at Salamanca and then attack Coimbra.

Actually, the enemy could order troops from Madrid [12] to attack Coimbra [3]. The path would be [12] -> [7] -> [3]. But [7] is Salamanca, which is enemy. So the army from Madrid would stop at Salamanca and fight there (if it's still enemy). If Salamanca falls to me (because I attacked it), then the army from Madrid would continue to Coimbra and fight there.

This is getting very complex. Let me just accept some risk and go with my plan.

Actually, I just realized something. If I attack Salamanca from Porto, and the enemy attacks Coimbra from Salamanca (using Salamanca's troops), those troops would be defending against my attack from Porto at the same time. But the rules say orders are simultaneous. So the enemy could order Salamanca's troops to attack Coimbra, while I order Porto's troops to attack Salamanca. What happens?

The enemy's order: from [7] Salamanca to [3] Coimbra. My order: from [6] Porto to [7] Salamanca.

Both are attacks. The enemy army leaves Salamanca to attack Coimbra. My army leaves Porto to attack Salamanca.

When the enemy army leaves Salamanca, Salamanca's garrison is reduced. My army arrives at Salamanca and finds a weaker garrison (or no garrison if all troops left).

Wait, but the enemy's order is to attack Coimbra. So Salamanca's troops march to Coimbra. Meanwhile, my troops from Porto march to Salamanca. When my troops arrive, Salamanca might be empty (if all troops left). Then I take Salamanca without a fight!

But then the enemy army arrives at Coimbra and attacks it. Coimbra's remaining troops defend.

This could actually be beneficial for me. I take Salamanca easily, and the enemy attacks Coimbra (which I've partially emptied).

But I can't predict what the enemy will do. Let me just focus on my own orders.

OK, I'm going to stop overthinking and just submit my orders.

**Final orders:**

Builds:
- [0] Lisboa: 2 knight
- [1] Santarem: 2 knight
- [2] Evora: 2 knight
- [3] Coimbra: 2 knight
- [4] Badajoz: 2 knight
- [5] Faro: 2 knight
- [6] Porto: 4 knights
- [8] Toledo: 2 knights
- [9] Sevilha: 2 knight
- [11] Cordoba: 2 knight

Movements:
- From [8] Toledo to [12] Madrid: 15 archers, 2 knights
- From [6] Porto to [7] Salamanca: 8 spearman, 12 archers, 4 knights
- From [9] Sevilha to [11] Cordoba: 2 spearman, 2 knights

Wait, I need to check if Sevilha has the troops to send. Sevilha currently has 4 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. After building 2 knights: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight. Sending 2 spearman, 2 knight leaves 2 spearman. OK.

And Cordoba currently has 4 spearman, 3 archer, 0 knight. After building 2 knights: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight. Receiving 2 spearman, 2 knight from Sevilha: total 6 spearman, 3 archer, 4 knight = 13 troops. Good.

Actually, wait. The reinforcement from Sevilha to Cordoba takes time. "from here to your nearest border village [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Sevilha. So sending spearmen (slow) takes 1 turn, knights (fast) takes 1 turn. So they arrive next turn.

But the battle at Cordoba (if attacked) would happen this turn or next turn. If the enemy attacks Cordoba this turn, the reinforcement hasn't arrived yet. So Cordoba would only have its own troops (4 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight = 9 troops) to defend.

Cordoba's defense with 9 troops: base defense = 9 * 2 = 18. Location bonus x1.25 = 22.5 ≈ 23. Murcia's attack: 2*1 + 6*2 + 3*4 = 2 + 12 + 12 = 26. 26 > 23. Murcia would win!

So if the enemy attacks Cordoba this turn, it falls. The reinforcement from Sevilha arrives next turn, but by then Cordoba might be enemy.

Hmm, this is a problem. But I can't predict the enemy's actions. Let me just go with the plan.

Actually, maybe I shouldn't send the reinforcement from Sevilha to Cordoba, since it might not arrive in time to help. Instead, I could keep the troops in Sevilha for now.

Or I could send them anyway, hoping the enemy doesn't attack Cordoba.

Let me keep it simple and not send the reinforcement. I'll just do the two main attacks.

Wait, I also want to consider: should I send any troops from my interior villages to my border villages for future attacks? For example, sending troops from Santarem [1] to Coimbra [3] to build up Coimbra's forces for a future attack on Salamanca or beyond.

But if I'm already attacking Salamanca from Porto, I don't need to also attack from Coimbra. And I want to leave some troops in Coimbra for defense.

OK, let me finalize:

**Builds:**
- [0] Lisboa: 2 knight
- [1] Santarem: 2 knight
- [2] Evora: 2 knight
- [3] Coimbra: 2 knight
- [4] Badajoz: 2 knight
- [5] Faro: 2 knight
- [6] Porto: 4 knights
- [8] Toledo: 2 knights
- [9] Sevilha: 2 knight
- [11] Cordoba: 2 knight

**Movements:**
- From [8] Toledo to [12] Madrid: {"spearman": 0, "archer": 15, "knight": 2}
- From [6] Porto to [7] Salamanca: {"spearman": 8, "archer": 12, "knight": 4}

That's it. Two attacks, builds everywhere.

Wait, I should also consider sending troops from Badajoz [4] to Salamanca [7] as a second wave. But as I noted, multiple sends to the same target fight separately. If the first send (from Porto) wins, the second send (from Badajoz) would arrive at a friendly village and join as reinforcement. That's actually fine - it would strengthen the garrison at Salamanca.

But if the first send loses, the second send would fight the (now possibly reinforced) enemy garrison. That could go either way.

I think sending from just one village per target is cleaner. Let me stick with Porto for Salamanca.

Actually, I just realized something. If I send from Porto to Salamanca, and also from Badajoz to Salamanca, and both arrive on the same turn, they fight one at a time. If Porto's send wins, it takes Salamanca. Then Badajoz's send arrives and finds a friendly village, joining the garrison. That's actually good - it means Salamanca gets reinforced for free.

But if Porto's send loses, Badajoz's send fights the enemy garrison (which might have been reinforced by the enemy). This is riskier.

Given that Porto's send should win (48 attack vs 23 defense), I could also send from Badajoz to reinforce after the conquest. But the problem is that Badajoz's send might arrive before Porto's send wins (they fight one at a time, order unknown).

Let me just not send from Badajoz to Salamanca. Keep it simple.

OK, final answer time. Let me write the JSON.

Actually, one more consideration. The plan and statement texts need to be in English.

Plan: I'll write about my campaign strategy - attacking Madrid and Salamanca, building knights, pushing toward the enemy capital.

Statement: I'll write about what I'm doing this turn - building troops and attacking two enemy villages.

Let me write the JSON now.

Wait, I need to double-check one thing. The report says for Porto: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 10 spearman, 17 archer, 2 knight". After building 4 knights, it becomes 10 spearman, 17 archer, 6 knight. I want to send 8 spearman, 12 archer, 4 knight. That's within the available count. Good.

For Toledo: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 4 spearman, 24 archer, 0 knight". After building 2 knights: 4 spearman, 24 archer, 2 knight. I want to send 0 spearman, 15 archer, 2 knight. That's within the available count. Good.

For Coimbra: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 15 archer, 2 knight". After building 2 knights: 0 spearman, 15 archer, 4 knight. I'm not sending from Coimbra. Good.

OK, I'm confident in my plan. Let me write the response.

Actually, I want to reconsider one more time whether I should send from Coimbra instead of Porto to Salamanca.

Pros of sending from Porto:
- More troops total (33 vs 19)
- Can send a stronger attack (48 vs 32 attack)
- Leaves 9 troops in Porto for defense

Pros of sending from Coimbra:
- Coimbra is closer to Salamanca (1 turn vs 1 turn - same)
- If I take Salamanca, Coimbra becomes interior (no enemy neighbors)
- But Coimbra would only have 7 troops left, which is weak if the enemy attacks

I think Porto is the better choice because it has more troops and can send a stronger attack while still leaving a decent defense.

OK, final answer.

Hmm, actually let me reconsider the build orders. I'm building 24 knights total this turn. That's a lot of iron (600 iron). But each village has its own resources, so it's fine as long as each village can afford its builds.

Let me verify once more:
- [0] Lisboa: wood 70, iron 70. 2 knights = 60 wood, 60 iron. Remaining: 10 wood, 10 iron. ✓
- [1] Santarem: wood 70, iron 120. 2 knights = 60 wood, 60 iron. Remaining: 10 wood, 60 iron. ✓
- [2] Evora: wood 70, iron 100. 2 knights = 60 wood, 60 iron. Remaining: 10 wood, 40 iron. ✓
- [3] Coimbra: wood 60, iron 200. 2 knights = 60 wood, 60 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 140 iron. ✓
- [4] Badajoz: wood 60, iron 130. 2 knights = 60 wood, 60 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 70 iron. ✓
- [5] Faro: wood 60, iron 130. 2 knights = 60 wood, 60 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 70 iron. ✓
- [6] Porto: wood 125, iron 260. 4 knights = 120 wood, 120 iron. Remaining: 5 wood, 140 iron. ✓
- [8] Toledo: wood 60, iron 100. 2 knights = 60 wood, 60 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 40 iron. ✓
- [9] Sevilha: wood 70, iron 90. 2 knights = 60 wood, 60 iron. Remaining: 10 wood, 30 iron. ✓
- [11] Cordoba: wood 70, iron 90. 2 knights = 60 wood, 60 iron. Remaining: 10 wood, 30 iron. ✓

All good.

Now let me write the JSON response.

Actually, I want to reconsider whether building knights everywhere is the best strategy. Knights are expensive (30 wood + 30 iron) and I'm using almost all my resources. Next turn, I'll have very little left to build (only the remaining small amounts).

An alternative would be to build archers (20 wood + 10 iron) which are more cost-effective in terms of troops per resource. But knights have higher attack power and counter archers, which most enemy villages have.

I think building knights is the right call. Even if I can't build next turn, the troops I have will be strong.

OK, let me finalize.

One more thing: I should check if there are any neutral villages that I could attack. The report doesn't mention any neutral villages - all villages are either mine or enemy. So no neutrals to worry about.

Alright, here's my final JSON:

```json
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 3, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 4, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 5, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 6, "type": "knight", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 8, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 9, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 11, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 8, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 15, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 6, "toId": 7, "troops": {"spearman": 8, "archer": 12, "knight": 4}}
  ],
  "plan": "Build knights at all villages to counter enemy archer-heavy garrisons. Attack Madrid [12] from Toledo [8] with 15 archers and 2 knights (38 attack vs 15 defense). Attack Salamanca [7] from Porto [6] with 8 spearmen, 12 archers, 4 knights (48 attack vs 23 defense). Taking both villages brings me to 12 holdings. Next, push toward Burgos [14] and Zaragoza [17] from the newly conquered territories. Keep building knights for future assaults on Teruel [13] and beyond.",
  "statement": "I am building knights at every village to prepare for a major offensive. My Toledo army marches on Madrid, while Porto's forces strike at Salamanca. With these two conquests, I will control 12 villages and create a solid base for further expansion into enemy territory."
}
```

Wait, I need to double-check the plan text length. It should be 2-6 lines and under 600 characters. Let me count... my plan is about 400 characters. Good.

The statement should be 2-4 lines. Mine is 2 lines. Good.

Let me verify the JSON is valid. Yes, it looks good.

One final check: the movements use village IDs that exist in the report. [8] Toledo, [12] Madrid, [6] Porto, [7] Salamanca. All exist. Good.

The build orders use village IDs that are mine: [0], [1], [2], [3], [4], [5], [6], [8], [9], [11]. All are my villages. Good.

I'm ready to submit.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"cavaleiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":8,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":15,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":6,"destinoId":7,"tropas":{"lanceiro":8,"arqueiro":12,"cavaleiro":4}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [0]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [0]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [1]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [1]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [2]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [2]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [3]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [3]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [4]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [4]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [5]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [5]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [6]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [6]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [6]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [6]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [8]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [8]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [9]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [9]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [11]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [11]
ACEITO envio [8]->[12]: 15A
ACEITO envio [6]->[7]: 8S+12A+2K
AJUSTADO envio [8]->[12]: pediu 15A+2K, enviado 15A (estoque real)
AJUSTADO envio [6]->[7]: pediu 8S+12A+4K, enviado 8S+12A+2K (estoque real)
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Build knights at all villages to counter enemy archer-heavy garrisons. Attack Madrid [12] from Toledo [8] with 15 archers and 2 knights (38 attack vs 15 defense). Attack Salamanca [7] from Porto [6] with 8 spearmen, 12 archers, 4 knights (48 attack vs 23 defense). Taking both villages brings me to 12 holdings. Next, push toward Burgos [14] and Zaragoza [17] from the newly conquered territories. Keep building knights for future assaults on Teruel [13] and beyond.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): I am building knights at every village to prepare for a major offensive. My Toledo army marches on Madrid, while Porto's forces strike at Salamanca. With these two conquests, I will control 12 villages and create a solid base for further expansion into enemy territory.
########## TURNO 19 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4319 | resposta 25259 | raciocinio 20702 | finish stop | ms 244030
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 12, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 15, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 15, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 14, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 14, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 7, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 10, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 15, \"toId\": 11, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 4, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 16, \"toId\": 15, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 1, \"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 14, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 5, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 19, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 17, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"We attacked Cordoba to expand our territory. We reinforced Madrid and Teruel to strengthen borders. We sent replacements from Valencia to Murcia. We built troops in all villages to grow our army. Next turn, we will assess the situation and plan further expansion, focusing on Sevilha and Badajoz.\",\n  \"statement\": \"This turn, we launched a decisive attack on Cordoba, overwhelming the enemy garrison and conquering the village. We reinforced our western borders by sending troops to Madrid and Teruel, ensuring our defenses remain strong. Our army continues to grow as we build in every village. The path to victory is ours!\"\n}"
raciocinio: We are King B. We currently hold 14 of 24 villages. We need to hold at least 18 of 24 villages for 2 consecutive turns to win, or eliminate every enemy village. The enemy capital is [0] Lisboa, but taking it is not required.

Our current villages: 14 total. Let's list them: Barcelona (22), Tarragona (21), Girona (23), Castellon (18), Zaragoza (17), Huesca (20), Valencia (16), Teruel (13), Madrid (12), Murcia (15), Pamplona (19), Burgos (14), Salamanca (7), Vigo (10). That's 14.

Enemy villages we can see: Toledo (8), Cordoba (11), Badajoz (4), Porto (6), Coimbra (3). Unexplored: Sevilha (9), Faro (5), Santarem (1), Lisboa (0), Evora (2). So enemy has at least 10 villages (including capital). Total map has 24 villages. We have 14, enemy has 10? 14+10=24. Yes, all villages are accounted for.

We need to hold 18 villages. So we need to conquer 4 more enemy villages. Or we could eliminate all enemy villages, but that's harder.

We need to plan attacks. We have troops available. Let's review our villages and their available troops.

We need to consider the road network and travel times. Also, we need to build troops. Resources are per village. We need to ensure we have enough resources to build troops.

Let's list each of our villages with their resources and available troops:

1. Barcelona (22): wood 30, iron 20. Troops at home: 20/300. Available to send: 6 spearman, 8 archer, 6 knight. Attack power if all sent: 46. (Note: effective defense 60, but that's for defense). It's our capital.
2. Tarragona (21): wood 50, iron 20. Troops: 14/300. Available: 0 spearman, 6 archer, 8 knight. Attack power 44.
3. Girona (23): wood 30, iron 100. Troops: 18/300. Available: 10 spearman, 3 archer, 5 knight. Attack power 36.
4. Castellon (18): wood 60, iron 50. Troops: 2/300. Available: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight. Attack power 8.
5. Zaragoza (17): wood 60, iron 30. Troops: 1/300. Available: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. Attack power 4.
6. Huesca (20): wood 50, iron 40. Troops: 9/300. Available: 0 spearman, 6 archer, 3 knight. Attack power 24.
7. Valencia (16): wood 30, iron 40. Troops: 13/300. Available: 2 spearman, 7 archer, 4 knight. Attack power 32.
8. Teruel (13): wood 30, iron 20. Troops: 20/300. Available: 3 spearman, 11 archer, 6 knight. Attack power 49.
9. Madrid (12): wood 40, iron 40. Troops: 6/300. Available: 0 spearman, 3 archer, 3 knight. Attack power 18.
10. Murcia (15): wood 70, iron 90. Troops: 11/300. Available: 2 spearman, 6 archer, 3 knight. Attack power 26.
11. Pamplona (19): wood 70, iron 50. Troops: 3/300. Available: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. Attack power 10.
12. Burgos (14): wood 50, iron 50. Troops: 5/300. Available: 0 spearman, 5 archer, 0 knight. Attack power 10.
13. Salamanca (7): wood 60, iron 130. Troops: 9/300. Available: 3 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight. Attack power 19.
14. Vigo (10): wood 35, iron 50. Troops: 11/300. Available: 3 spearman, 7 archer, 1 knight. Attack power 21.

We also have enemy villages we can attack. Let's list them with their garrisons and effective defense:

- Toledo (8): enemy, garrison: 4 spearmen, 24 archers. Effective defense 70. March from Teruel (13): 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So travel time: 1 turn for fast troops, 1 for medium, 1 for slow? Actually it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" meaning it takes 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast? That seems odd. Usually it's different. But we'll take it as 1 turn for all. From Teruel to Toledo is 1 turn. Also from Madrid (12) to Toledo? Madrid is connected to [7], [8], [14], [17]. So Madrid to Toledo is also 1 turn? The report says march from [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. For Madrid, it's not listed but likely similar. We can check road network: [8] Toledo is connected to [4], [11], [12], [13]. So from Madrid (12) to Toledo (8) is 1 edge, so 1 turn. From Teruel (13) to Toledo (8) is also 1 edge, 1 turn.

- Cordoba (11): enemy, garrison: 4 spearmen, 3 archers. Effective defense 18. March from Murcia (15): 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Also from Teruel? Teruel to Cordoba? Teruel is [13], connected to [8], [16], [17], [18]. Not directly to [11]. So from Murcia is the closest.

- Badajoz (4): enemy, garrison: 4 spearmen, 14 archers. Effective defense 45. March from Salamanca (7): 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Also from Madrid? Madrid to Badajoz? Madrid is [12], connected to [7], [8], [14], [17]. Not directly to [4]. Salamanca is [7], connected to [3], [4], [6], [12]. So Salamanca to Badajoz is 1 edge? Actually road network: [4] Badajoz is connected to [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. So from Salamanca (7) to Badajoz (4) is 1 edge. But the report says march from [7] Salamanca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. That suggests it's not 1 edge? Wait, maybe the road network is not all 1-edge distances. The report gives travel times. Let's trust the report: from Salamanca to Badajoz: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So slow troops take 2 turns, medium 1, fast 1.

- Porto (6): enemy, garrison: 10 spearmen, 17 archers, 2 knights. Effective defense 73. March from Salamanca (7): 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So 1 turn for all? Actually it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That might mean 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast? But that would be the same. Possibly it's a typo? Usually slow takes longer. Let's read carefully: "march from [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means if you send slow troops, it takes 1 turn; medium takes 1; fast takes 1. So all take 1 turn. That seems odd but maybe the distance is 1.

- Coimbra (3): enemy, garrison: 15 archers, 2 knights. Effective defense 43. March from Salamanca (7): 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

Also unexplored: Sevilha (9), Faro (5), Santarem (1), Lisboa (0), Evora (2). We don't know their garrisons.

We need to conquer 4 enemy villages. Which ones are easiest? Let's look at effective defense and our attack power.

We need to consider the combat rules. When attacking, we use our troops' ATTACK values. Defender uses DEFENSE values. Counter triangle: spearman counters knight (1.5x), archer counters spearman (1.5x), knight counters archer (1.5x). The most numerous type sets the counter matchup. Ties break in order spearman, archer, knight.

Effective defense values in report already include location bonus. So we just compare our attack power to their effective defense.

But note: when we attack, we send troops from one village. They fight the garrison. The garrison is the troops at that village. The effective defense is the defense value including location bonus. But we need to compute our attack power based on the troops we send.

Let's calculate attack power for different compositions.

First, we need to decide which villages to attack. We want to conquer 4 villages. We should target the weakest ones. Cordoba (11) has effective defense 18, garrison 4 spearmen, 3 archers. That's very weak. Badajoz (4) has defense 45. Coimbra (3) has defense 43. Porto (6) has defense 73. Toledo (8) has defense 70. So Cordoba is the weakest.

But we also need to consider that we can send reinforcements from multiple villages? The rules say: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So we can only attack with one send per target per turn? Actually we can send multiple armies from different villages to the same target, but they fight separately. So we could send from multiple villages to the same target, but they will arrive and fight one at a time. That might be useful if we want to overwhelm the defense with multiple waves. But the first wave will fight the garrison, and if it wins, it takes the village, then subsequent waves would fight the new garrison? Actually if we conquer it, it becomes ours, so subsequent waves would be reinforcements. But if we send from multiple villages to the same enemy village on the same turn, they will arrive in some order? The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So they fight sequentially. The first send fights the garrison. If it wins, the village is conquered and the remaining sends would arrive and join the garrison? But they are sent to an enemy village; if it's conquered on the same turn, do they still fight? The rule says "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So if we send to an enemy village, they fight there. If multiple sends arrive on the same turn, they fight one at a time. The first one fights the original garrison. If it wins, the village becomes ours, and then the next send would arrive at a village that is now ours? But they were ordered to attack that village. The rule: "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So if the village is conquered by the first send, the subsequent sends would just reinforce it. That could be a way to build up a large army quickly. But we need to be careful about timing.

Alternatively, we can attack different villages to expand our territory.

We need 4 more villages. Let's list the enemy villages and their defenses:

Cordoba (11): defense 18, garrison 4 spearmen, 3 archers. March from Murcia (15): 1 turn. Murcia has available: 2 spearman, 6 archer, 3 knight. Attack power: spearman attack 1, archer 2, knight 4. If we send all from Murcia: 2 spearman (attack 2), 6 archer (attack 12), 3 knight (attack 12). Total attack = 26. But we need to consider counter. The most numerous type: archers (6). So we get counter bonus? The enemy garrison: 4 spearmen, 3 archers. Most numerous: spearmen (4). So enemy sets counter? Actually the rule: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So for our army, most numerous is archer (6). For enemy, most numerous is spearman (4). The matchup: our archers vs enemy spearman? Archer counters spearman? Yes, archer counters spearman (1.5x). So our attack gets 1.5x bonus? The rule: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So if our most numerous type counters their most numerous type, we get 1.5x multiplier on our attack? Or on our force? It says "multiplies your force by 1.5". So our total attack power is multiplied by 1.5. But we need to check if the counter applies to the whole army or just that type? Usually it applies to the whole army's effective force. Let's assume it multiplies our total attack by 1.5.

But wait: the rule says "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup". So we compare our most numerous type to their most numerous type. If our type counters theirs, we get 1.5x. If their type counters ours, they get 1.5x on their defense? Actually the rule is for attack: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs." And "Counter triangle... Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So it's a bonus to the attacker's force if the attacker's most numerous type counters the defender's most numerous type. If the defender's most numerous type counters the attacker's, does the defender get a bonus? The rule doesn't mention a defender bonus for counter. It says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So only the attacker gets a bonus if they have the counter. The defender just uses defense. But wait: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins." So we need to compute our effective attack force, possibly with counter bonus, and compare to their effective defense.

Let's re-read: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5. The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight). Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital). In the open field (on a road) there is no bonus. The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER. The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force). The "effective defense" values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again."

So the effective defense in the report is already multiplied by the location bonus. So for a village, it's defense * 1.25? Actually it says "defense counts x1.25 in a village". So the effective defense number is the raw defense total multiplied by 1.25. For a castle, x1.5. So we just use that number.

For attack, we sum the attack values of our troops. Then if we have the counter, we multiply by 1.5. Then we compare to the effective defense. If our attack > their defense, we win. If tie, defender wins. If we win, we take losses: our force is reduced by the loser's effective force? "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So our surviving troops = our effective force - loser's effective force? But it says "attrition against the loser's effective force". So we lose a number of troops equal to the loser's effective force? But our force is in attack points, not troop count. It might be that we lose troops such that our remaining attack power equals the difference? Actually typical rules: the winner loses troops equal to the loser's effective force, but not exceeding the winner's force. So if we have attack 26, they have defense 18, we win but lose some troops. The number of troops lost is proportional? We need to know how to compute losses. The report says "your losses: 1 troop" or "5 troops" from previous attacks. So it's given in troop count. We don't need to compute exactly; we just need to know if we can win. But we should try to minimize losses.

We need to decide which villages to attack and from where.

Let's list our possible attacks:

We have many villages with available troops. We can send troops to attack enemy villages. We can also send troops to reinforce our own villages.

We need to conquer 4 villages. Let's prioritize the weakest ones:

1. Cordoba (11): defense 18. Closest from Murcia (15) with 1 turn. Murcia has 2 spearman, 6 archer, 3 knight. Attack power: 2*1 + 6*2 + 3*4 = 2+12+12=26. Counter: our most numerous is archer (6), enemy most numerous is spearman (4). Archer counters spearman, so we get 1.5x bonus. Effective attack = 26 * 1.5 = 39. That's > 18, so we win easily. But we might take losses. We could send fewer troops to reduce losses? But we need to conquer. If we send all, we might lose some. But we have plenty. Alternatively, we could send from Teruel? Teruel to Cordoba: Teruel is [13], connected to [8], [16], [17], [18]. Not directly to [11]. So would need to go through [8] or [16] etc. But [8] is enemy, so we can't march through. So only Murcia can attack Cordoba directly? Actually road network: [11] Cordoba is connected to [8], [9], [15]. So from Murcia (15) it's direct. Also from [9] Sevilha (unexplored) and [8] Toledo (enemy). So only Murcia can reach it easily.

2. Badajoz (4): defense 45. From Salamanca (7): travel 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. Salamanca available: 3 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight. Attack: 3*1 + 4*2 + 2*4 = 3+8+8=19. Counter: our most numerous? Spearman 3, archer 4, knight 2. Most numerous is archer (4). Enemy garrison: 4 spearmen, 14 archers. Most numerous: archer (14). Archer vs archer: no counter (tie? ties break in order spearman, archer, knight. So if both are archer, it's a tie. Does that give a bonus? The rule says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." If there's no counter, no bonus. So effective attack = 19. That's less than 45, so we would lose. We need more troops. We could send from other villages to Salamanca first? But we can only send from Salamanca directly. We could reinforce Salamanca from other villages, then attack. But reinforcements take turns to arrive. If we send reinforcements now, they will arrive in a few turns, then we can attack next turn? But we need to plan simultaneous orders. We can send reinforcements from other villages to Salamanca now, and also send attack from Salamanca to Badajoz? But the attack from Salamanca would use the troops currently at Salamanca, not the reinforcements that are marching. The reinforcements will arrive after the attack. So we need to build up Salamanca's garrison over time.

Alternatively, we could attack Badajoz from Madrid? Madrid to Badajoz: Madrid is [12], connected to [7], [8], [14], [17]. Not directly to [4]. So would need to go through [7] Salamanca (which is ours) or [8] Toledo (enemy). So from Madrid, we could send to Salamanca (reinforce) and then later attack. But not directly.

3. Coimbra (3): defense 43. From Salamanca (7): travel 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. Same issue. Attack from Salamanca with available troops: 19 attack, less than 43. Need more.

4. Porto (6): defense 73. From Salamanca: 1 turn. Attack 19 vs 73, impossible.

5. Toledo (8): defense 70. From Teruel (13): 1 turn. Teruel available: 3 spearman, 11 archer, 6 knight. Attack: 3*1 + 11*2 + 6*4 = 3+22+24=49. Counter: our most numerous is archer (11). Enemy garrison: 4 spearmen, 24 archers. Most numerous: archer (24). No counter. Effective attack = 49 < 70, lose. From Madrid (12): Madrid available: 0 spearman, 3 archer, 3 knight. Attack: 0+6+12=18, worse.

So currently, we can only easily win against Cordoba. But we need 4 villages. We need to build up our armies. We should build troops in our villages to increase our attack power. Also, we can send reinforcements to border villages to prepare for future attacks.

We also have the option to attack unexplored villages. But we don't know their defenses. We could send a scouting party? But we can't scout; we just attack and see. But we might want to attack weak ones we haven't seen. For example, Sevilha (9) is connected to [4], [5], [11]. We don't know its garrison. Faro (5) connected to [2], [4], [9]. Santarem (1) connected to [0], [3], [4]. Evora (2) connected to [0], [5]. Lisboa (0) is capital, unknown.

We need to expand. Let's think about our overall strategy. We have 14 villages. We need 18. We should try to conquer Cordoba first, then use that as a stepping stone to others. Cordoba is connected to [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia. So from Cordoba we could attack Sevilha or Toledo.

But we also need to defend our own villages. The enemy might attack us. We don't see any enemy armies on the march, but they could be moving. We should keep our borders strong.

Let's list our villages and their borders:

- Teruel (13): border with [8] Toledo (enemy). We have 20 troops there. Effective defense 50.
- Madrid (12): border with [8] Toledo. 6 troops, defense 15.
- Murcia (15): border with [11] Cordoba (enemy). 11 troops, defense 28.
- Salamanca (7): border with [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto? Actually Salamanca is connected to [3], [4], [6], [12]. So it borders three enemy villages. 9 troops, defense 23.
- Vigo (10): border with [6] Porto. 11 troops, defense 28.

So our borders are somewhat weak. Madrid has only 6 troops and defense 15, which is very low. If the enemy attacks from Toledo, they could take Madrid. We should reinforce Madrid.

Also, we need to build troops. Each village produces resources. We should build troops in villages that have resources. Let's check resources and cap.

We have cap of 300 troops per village. Currently, most villages have far less. We can build troops. The costs: spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron. archer: 20 wood, 10 iron. knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. Ready in 1 turn.

We should build troops in our villages to increase our army. We need to decide which types to build. Since we need to attack, we might want to build a mix. But we should consider the counter triangle. If we attack with a lot of archers, we counter spearman. But if the enemy has many archers, we might want knights. We don't know the enemy's composition in unexplored areas.

Let's plan for this turn. We can send orders for builds and movements.

First, let's consider attacking Cordoba. From Murcia, we can send all available troops: 2 spearman, 6 archer, 3 knight. That's 11 troops. Attack power 39 with counter, defense 18. We should win. But we might lose some troops. The rule: winner takes losses against loser's effective force. Our effective attack 39, their defense 18. We win, but we lose troops worth 18 attack? Actually attrition: our force is reduced by the loser's effective force. So we lose 18 attack worth of troops. Since our attack is 39, we lose about 18/39 of our army. But we need to know how many troops that is. It depends on the types. We might lose some archers and knights. But we can afford it. Alternatively, we could send fewer troops to reduce losses. But if we send too few, we might not win. Let's compute minimum needed. Without counter, we need attack > 18. With counter (if we have more archers than enemy has spearmen? Actually counter depends on most numerous types. If we send only archers, our most numerous is archer, enemy most numerous is spearman (4). So we get 1.5x. So if we send 10 archers, attack = 20, with counter = 30 > 18. That would win. But we only have 6 archers available in Murcia. We could build more archers in Murcia? Murcia has wood 70, iron 90. It can build archers: cost 20 wood, 10 iron. It can build up to 3 archers this turn? Actually it can build as many as it can pay for and have space. Troops at home: 11/300. So it can build many. But we need to order builds. We can build troops in Murcia now, and then send them? But orders are simultaneous: we write orders for builds and movements. The builds will complete at the end of the turn? The rules: "ready in 1 turn." So if we order a build, it will be ready next turn. So we cannot build and send in the same turn. We can only send troops that are already available (the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" list). So for this turn, we can only send what we have. So from Murcia, we can send at most 2 spearman, 6 archer, 3 knight.

If we send all, we have attack 26, with counter 39. That's more than enough. We might lose some troops. But we can also send from other villages? Troops from different villages don't add up. So we can only send one army from Murcia to Cordoba. But we could send from another village to Cordoba? Only Murcia is connected directly. Teruel is not connected. So we can only attack from Murcia.

So let's attack Cordoba from Murcia with all available troops. That will conquer it. We'll lose some troops, but it's worth it.

Now, what else? We need 3 more villages. We should look at other weak spots. Badajoz (4) has defense 45. We could attack it from Salamanca, but we need more troops there. We could send reinforcements to Salamanca from other villages. For example, from Madrid (12) to Salamanca (7): Madrid to Salamanca is 1 turn? Road: [12] Madrid connected to [7] Salamanca. So 1 turn. Madrid has available: 0 spearman, 3 archer, 3 knight. We could send those to Salamanca to reinforce it. Then next turn, Salamanca will have more troops, and we can attack Badajoz. But we need to also consider that Salamanca itself might be attacked. If we send troops away from Salamanca, it might weaken it. But we are sending from Madrid to Salamanca, so Salamanca gains troops.

We could also send from Burgos (14) to Madrid or Salamanca? Burgos is connected to [10], [12], [19]. So Burgos to Madrid is 1 turn. Burgos available: 0 spearman, 5 archer, 0 knight. We could send those to Madrid to reinforce Madrid, then from Madrid to Salamanca? But that would take two turns. Alternatively, send directly from Burgos to Salamanca? Burgos to Salamanca: Burgos [14] to Madrid [12] to Salamanca [7]? That's two edges, so 2 turns? Actually road: [14] Burgos connected to [10], [12], [19]. So to get to [7], must go through [12]. So 2 turns.

We should also consider building troops. We have many villages with resources. We should build troops to grow our army. Let's decide which villages to build in.

We need to increase our attack power. We can build spearman, archer, or knight. Knights are expensive but powerful. Archers are good all-around. We should probably build archers and knights for attack, and spearman for defense? But spearman is weak offensively.

Let's list our villages and their resources, and what we can build:

- Barcelona (22): wood 30, iron 20. Can build: 2 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron each) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) but iron only 20, so can't build knight. Can build 2 archers? 2 archers cost 40 wood, but only 30 wood. So can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and have leftover. Or spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood). But we already have many troops there. We might want to build something. Let's see available space: troops at home 20/300, so plenty of space. We should build something. Maybe build archers for attack. But Barcelona is interior, far from border. It can send troops to Tarragona or Girona, etc. But we might want to build troops to send to the front.

- Tarragona (21): wood 50, iron 20. Can build: 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) no. Or spearman: 3 spearman (45 wood). We have 0 spearman available to send, but we can build more. Actually we should build what we need.

- Girona (23): wood 30, iron 100. Can build many archers or knights. Iron 100, wood 30. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Wood limits to 1 of either. Or spearman: 2 spearman (30 wood). So we can build 1 knight or 1 archer or 2 spearman.

- Castellon (18): wood 60, iron 50. Can build: 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and have leftover. Or 4 spearman (60 wood). Troops at home: 2/300. So we can build a lot.

- Zaragoza (17): wood 60, iron 30. Can build: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 knight? 30 wood, 30 iron? Iron 30, so can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) exactly. Or 3 spearman (45 wood). Or mix.

- Huesca (20): wood 50, iron 40. Can build: 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and have leftover. Or spearman.

- Valencia (16): wood 30, iron 40. Can build: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight? 30 wood, 30 iron, yes can build 1 knight. Or 2 spearman (30 wood). Troops at home: 13/300.

- Teruel (13): wood 30, iron 20. Can build: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearman (30 wood). Or 0 knight (need 30 iron). Troops at home: 20/300.

- Madrid (12): wood 40, iron 40. Can build: 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and have leftover. Or spearman.

- Murcia (15): wood 70, iron 90. Can build: many. 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) or 4 spearman (60 wood). Troops at home: 11/300.

- Pamplona (19): wood 70, iron 50. Can build: 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and have. Or spearman.

- Burgos (14): wood 50, iron 50. Can build: 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and have. Or spearman.

- Salamanca (7): wood 60, iron 130. Can build: many. 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) or 4 spearman (60 wood). Troops at home: 9/300.

- Vigo (10): wood 35, iron 50. Can build: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 spearman (30 wood). Troops at home: 11/300.

We need to decide what to build and where. Since we need to attack, we should build offensive troops. But we also need to defend our borders. Our weakest border is Madrid (defense 15) and Salamanca (defense 23). We should reinforce them.

Let's think about our expansion plan. We want to conquer 4 villages. Cordoba is one. Then from Cordoba, we can attack Sevilha (9) or Toledo (8). But Toledo is strong. Sevilha is unknown. Maybe we should attack Badajoz next. To attack Badajoz, we need to build up Salamanca. We can send reinforcements to Salamanca from Madrid, Burgos, etc. But we can also build troops in Salamanca itself. Salamanca has plenty of resources. We should build archers and knights in Salamanca.

Also, we could attack Coimbra (3) from Salamanca. But Coimbra has defense 43. We need more troops.

What about the west side? Vigo (10) borders Porto (6). Porto is strong (defense 73). We could attack Porto from Vigo, but we need many troops. Vigo has 11 troops, attack power 21. Not enough. We could reinforce Vigo from Burgos or Pamplona? But Burgos is connected to Vigo? Burgos [14] connected to [10] Vigo. Yes! So Burgos to Vigo is 1 turn. We could send troops from Burgos to Vigo to build up an attack on Porto. But Porto is very strong. Maybe we should attack Coimbra instead? Coimbra is connected to Salamanca and also to Porto and Santarem. From Vigo, we could send to Porto? No, Vigo to Porto is direct? Vigo [10] connected to [6] Porto. Yes, so Vigo can attack Porto. But Porto is strong.

Maybe we should focus on the south: Cordoba, then Sevilha, then Faro, etc. That might be easier.

Let's check the enemy's strength. We don't know the capital's garrison. But we don't need to take it.

We need to hold 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns. So we need to conquer 4 and hold them. We should try to conquer villages that are not too strong and that give us a good position.

Let's list all enemy villages with their defenses and our possible attack routes:

- Cordoba (11): defense 18. Attack from Murcia (15): 1 turn. We can win now.
- Badajoz (4): defense 45. Attack from Salamanca (7): 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. Need more troops.
- Coimbra (3): defense 43. Attack from Salamanca (7): 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. Need more.
- Porto (6): defense 73. Attack from Salamanca (7) or Vigo (10). Need many.
- Toledo (8): defense 70. Attack from Teruel (13) or Madrid (12). Need many.
- Sevilha (9): unknown. Attack from Cordoba (11) after we take it, or from Murcia? Murcia to Sevilha? Murcia [15] connected to [11] and [16]. Not directly to [9]. So would need to go through Cordoba. So after taking Cordoba, we can attack Sevilha from Cordoba or from Murcia (but Murcia to Cordoba is 1 turn, then Cordoba to Sevilha is 1 turn? Cordoba [11] connected to [8], [9], [15]. So from Cordoba to Sevilha is 1 turn. So if we take Cordoba, we can attack Sevilha next turn.
- Faro (5): unknown. Connected to [2], [4], [9]. Could attack from Badajoz or Sevilha.
- Santarem (1): unknown. Connected to [0], [3], [4]. Could attack from Coimbra or Badajoz.
- Evora (2): unknown. Connected to [0], [5]. Could attack from Faro or Lisboa.
- Lisboa (0): capital, unknown. Connected to [1], [2].

So our expansion path could be: take Cordoba, then from Cordoba take Sevilha, then from Sevilha take Faro, then from Faro take Evora? That's 4 villages. But we need to hold them. Also, we need to ensure the enemy doesn't counterattack.

Alternatively, we could attack on the west front: take Badajoz, then Santarem, then Coimbra? But those are stronger.

Let's focus on the south. Cordoba is weak. Let's take it now.

For this turn, we can:
- Attack Cordoba from Murcia with all available troops.
- Build troops in various villages to prepare for next turns.
- Send reinforcements to border villages to strengthen them.

We also need to consider that the enemy might attack us this turn. We don't see any enemy armies, but they could be moving. We should keep our villages defended. Our weakest defenses: Madrid (15), Salamanca (23), Pamplona (8), Burgos (13), Castellon (5), Zaragoza (3). These are low. We should reinforce them or build troops there.

But we can only send troops from villages that have available troops. We need to decide which villages to send from and to.

Let's list all available troops we can send from each village (the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" lists). We can send any combination up to those numbers. We don't have to send all.

We should send troops to reinforce Madrid and Salamanca, as they are on the front lines. Also, maybe Teruel and Murcia are already strong.

Let's plan movements:

1. From Murcia (15) to Cordoba (11): send all available: 2 spearman, 6 archer, 3 knight. This will attack Cordoba. We expect to win and conquer it. We'll lose some troops, but it's okay.

2. We need to reinforce Madrid. Madrid has only 6 troops and defense 15. It borders Toledo (8) which has 28 archers and 4 spearmen. If the enemy attacks from Toledo, they could take Madrid. We should send troops to Madrid from nearby villages. Which villages can reach Madrid quickly? 
   - Zaragoza (17) to Madrid (12): 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns? The report says from Zaragoza to nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So 1 turn for all. Zaragoza available: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. We could send that 1 knight to Madrid.
   - Burgos (14) to Madrid (12): 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Burgos available: 0 spearman, 5 archer, 0 knight. We could send some archers to Madrid.
   - Pamplona (19) to Madrid: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. Pamplona available: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. Could send, but slower.
   - Salamanca (7) to Madrid: Salamanca is connected to Madrid? Road: [7] Salamanca connected to [3], [4], [6], [12]. So yes, 1 turn. But Salamanca is also a border village. We might want to keep troops there. But we could send from Salamanca to Madrid? That would weaken Salamanca. Better to send from interior villages.

   Let's send from Burgos to Madrid: 5 archers. That will give Madrid more troops. Madrid will have its own 6 + 5 = 11 troops. Defense will increase. But we need to consider that Madrid's own troops are 0 spearman, 3 archer, 3 knight. Adding 5 archers makes it 0 spearman, 8 archer, 3 knight. Attack power? But for defense, defense values are used. The effective defense is based on the troops' defense. Archer defense 2, knight defense 2, spearman defense 2. So more troops = higher defense. Madrid's defense 15 currently. With 5 more archers, defense might increase by 5*2 = 10, but with location bonus? The effective defense in report already includes bonus. So we can't easily compute, but it will be higher.

   Also, we could send from Zaragoza to Madrid: 1 knight. That's small.

   We could also send from Madrid to Salamanca? But we want to reinforce Madrid, not deplete it.

3. Reinforce Salamanca? Salamanca has 9 troops, defense 23. It borders three enemy villages. We should reinforce it. We can send from Madrid? But we are reinforcing Madrid. We can send from Burgos directly to Salamanca? Burgos to Salamanca: Burgos [14] to Madrid [12] to Salamanca [7] = 2 turns. Or from Pamplona to Salamanca? Pamplona [19] to Madrid [12] to Salamanca [7] = 2 turns. Or from Zaragoza to Salamanca? Zaragoza [17] to Madrid [12] to Salamanca = 2 turns. So no direct 1-turn route except from Madrid. So if we want to reinforce Salamanca quickly, we could send from Madrid to Salamanca. But Madrid is weak. Alternatively, we could send from Madrid to Salamanca and from Burgos to Madrid, effectively transferring troops from Burgos to Salamanca via Madrid? But they would take 2 turns: Burgos to Madrid (1 turn), then Madrid to Salamanca (1 turn). But if we send from Madrid to Salamanca now, we use Madrid's current troops. Then we send from Burgos to Madrid to replace them. That could work.

   Let's consider: Madrid has 0 spearman, 3 archer, 3 knight available to send. We could send those to Salamanca. Then Madrid would be left with its 6 troops at home? Wait, "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" means we can send up to those numbers. If we send all, Madrid's garrison will be reduced? Actually the troops at home are the total troops stationed there. The "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" is a subset that are ready to march? Or is it the entire garrison? The report says: "troops at home: 6 / 300" and "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 3 archer, 3 knight". So the available to send is the entire garrison? It seems so: the troops at home are exactly the available to send? Let's check: Madrid has troops at home: 6. Available to send: 0 spearman, 3 archer, 3 knight = 6 total. So yes, the available to send is all the troops at that village. So if we send them, the village becomes empty? But the report also says "effective defense (location bonus included): 15". That defense is based on the troops. If we send all troops, the defense would drop to 0? But the rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". If we send all troops from Madrid, it becomes undefended. But we can leave some troops? The "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" might be the number we can send without affecting the garrison? Actually, in these games, you can send a portion of your troops. The number shown is the total troops of each type stationed there. You can choose to send any number up to that. So we can send, say, 2 archers and 1 knight, leaving some for defense.

   So we need to balance. We should leave enough troops in Madrid to defend it. Currently defense 15 is low. If we send all, defense becomes 0, enemy could walk in. So we should leave some. Maybe send 1 archer and 1 knight? But we need to build up Salamanca.

   Alternatively, we could build troops in Madrid to increase its garrison. Madrid has wood 40, iron 40. It can build troops. We should build troops in Madrid instead of sending them away. Let's build in Madrid.

4. We also need to consider building troops in our villages to increase our army. We should build in every village that has resources and space. We should build the most useful troops. Since we need to attack, we should build archers and knights. But knights are expensive. We should probably focus on archers for now, as they are cheaper and effective against spearman (which many enemy villages have). Also, we need spearman for defense? But spearman are weak offensively. We can build a mix.

Let's decide on builds for each village. We need to specify builds in the JSON. We can build multiple units per village. The build order is simultaneous: we order builds, and they will be ready next turn. We can only order builds that the village can pay for now.

We should build in:
- Barcelona: can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearman (30 wood). Let's build 1 archer to have offensive power.
- Tarragona: wood 50, iron 20. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 3 spearman (45 wood). Build 2 archers.
- Girona: wood 30, iron 100. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearman (30 wood). Build 1 knight? Or maybe build 1 archer and have leftover wood? Let's build 1 knight for heavy attack.
- Castellon: wood 60, iron 50. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) and have leftover. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 1 archer? 30+20=50 wood, 30+10=40 iron. Yes, can build 1 knight and 1 archer. That uses 50 wood, 40 iron. Good. Troops at home: 2/300, so plenty of space.
- Zaragoza: wood 60, iron 30. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) exactly. Or 3 spearman (45 wood). Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and have leftover. Let's build 1 knight.
- Huesca: wood 50, iron 40. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron)? Total 50 wood, 40 iron. Yes. Or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Let's build 1 knight and 1 archer.
- Valencia: wood 30, iron 40. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and have iron left. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Let's build 1 knight.
- Teruel: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearman (30 wood). Build 1 archer.
- Madrid: wood 40, iron 40. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 1 archer? 30+20=50 wood >40, so no. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and have leftover. Let's build 2 archers to increase troops.
- Murcia: wood 70, iron 90. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and 1 archer? 2*30=60 wood, 2*30=60 iron, plus 20 wood, 10 iron = 80 wood >70. So maybe 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and have leftover. Or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) and 1 knight? 30+60=90 wood >70. Let's build 2 knights and 1 archer? 2 knights: 60 wood, 60 iron; 1 archer: 20 wood, 10 iron; total 80 wood >70. So can't. Build 1 knight and 2 archers? 30+40=70 wood, 30+20=50 iron. Yes, that works. Or 3 archers and 0 knight: 60 wood, 30 iron. Let's build 1 knight and 2 archers for a mix.
- Pamplona: wood 70, iron 50. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 2 archers? 30+40=70 wood, 30+20=50 iron. Yes. Or 2 knights? 60 wood, 60 iron >50. So build 1 knight and 2 archers.
- Burgos: wood 50, iron 50. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 50 wood, 40 iron. Good.
- Salamanca: wood 60, iron 130. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and have iron left. Or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 2 knights for attack power.
- Vigo: wood 35, iron 50. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and have leftover. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Let's build 1 knight.

But we need to consider that we are sending troops from Murcia to Cordoba. Murcia will lose its troops? Actually, the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" are the troops we can send. If we send them, they march away. So Murcia's garrison will be reduced. We should build in Murcia to replace them. But we can only build what we can pay for. Murcia has 11 troops at home. If we send all 11, it will have 0. But we can build new ones this turn. The build order is simultaneous: we order builds and movements. The builds will be ready next turn, after the movements. So if we send all troops from Murcia, it will be empty this turn, but next turn it will have the new builds. That's risky if the enemy attacks Murcia this turn. But Murcia is interior? It says "BORDER with [11] (enemy)". So it's a border village. If we empty it, the enemy could attack from Cordoba? But Cordoba is enemy, so they could attack Murcia. If we leave it empty, they could take it easily. So we should not send all troops from Murcia. We should leave some for defense. The "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" might be the total troops, but we can choose to send only a portion. We should leave enough to defend. Murcia's effective defense is 28. If we send all, defense becomes 0. We should leave some troops. Let's send only part of the available troops from Murcia. We need to conquer Cordoba with minimal losses. We can send, say, 1 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight? Let's compute attack power needed.

We need to beat defense 18. Our attack with counter: if we send archers and knights, most numerous might be archer. Enemy most numerous is spearman (4). So we get 1.5x. We need effective attack > 18. Let's try sending 0 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight. Attack: 4*2 + 2*4 = 8+8=16. With counter 1.5 = 24 > 18. That works. We can leave 2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight for defense. That would keep some defense.

But we also need to consider losses. The winner takes losses against loser's effective force. Our attack 24, their defense 18. We lose troops worth 18 attack? That could be significant. But we can afford it.

Let's decide on the exact numbers to send from Murcia. We want to minimize losses while ensuring victory. If we send too few, we might lose even if we win? Actually if we win, we take losses equal to the loser's effective force. So our losses are roughly proportional to their defense. If we send a larger force, our losses might be larger in absolute terms, but we might have more overwhelming force and lose fewer proportionally? The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." It doesn't specify exactly how it's calculated. In many such games, the winner loses a number of troops equal to the loser's effective force divided by something? But the report from last turn says "your losses: 1 troop" or "5 troops". So it's given in troop count. We don't know the exact formula. We should just try to win with as few troops as possible to minimize losses. But we also need to keep some troops for defense.

Let's send from Murcia: 2 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight? Attack: 2*1 + 3*2 + 2*4 = 2+6+8=16. With counter? Most numerous: we have 2 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight. Most numerous is archer (3). Enemy most numerous is spearman (4). Counter applies: 1.5 * 16 = 24 > 18. That works. We leave 0 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight for defense? Actually available: 2 spearman, 6 archer, 3 knight. If we send 2 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight, we leave 0 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. That's 4 troops left. Defense might drop but still some.

Alternatively, send 1 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight: attack 1+10+4=15, with counter 22.5 > 18. Leave 1 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight.

We should also consider that we might want to send troops from other villages to help? But they can't reach Cordoba in one turn except from Murcia. So only Murcia can attack.

Now, let's think about other attacks. Can we attack anything else this turn? We have available troops in other villages. Let's see if we can attack any other enemy village with the troops we have now.

- From Salamanca (7) to Badajoz (4): travel time 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. If we send knights (fast), it takes 1 turn. So we could attack Badajoz this turn if we send knights? But the travel time is 1 fast turn, meaning if we send knights, they arrive next turn? Actually "march from [7] Salamanca: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" for Badajoz? Wait, the report says for Badajoz: "march from [7] Salamanca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So slow takes 2 turns, medium 1, fast 1. So if we send only knights (fast), they will take 1 turn to arrive. That means they would arrive next turn, not this turn. The orders are simultaneous: we write orders now, and the march starts. The attack happens when they arrive. So if we send them now, they will arrive next turn and fight then. So we can't attack with them this turn; the attack will be next turn. But we can order the movement now. So we can send troops from Salamanca to Badajoz now, and they will arrive next turn. That's fine. We can also send from Salamanca to Coimbra (3): travel 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. Same.

- From Teruel (13) to Toledo (8): 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So 1 turn for all. So we could attack Toledo from Teruel, but we don't have enough troops.

- From Vigo (10) to Porto (6): 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So 1 turn. Vigo available: 3 spearman, 7 archer, 1 knight. Attack: 3+14+4=21. Counter? Enemy: 10 spearmen, 17 archers, 2 knights. Most numerous: archer (17). Our most numerous: archer (7). No counter. Effective attack 21 vs defense 73, lose.

So no other attacks this turn can succeed with current troops. We need to build up.

We should also consider sending reinforcements to our border villages to prepare for enemy attacks or to build up for future attacks. We can send troops from interior villages to border villages. For example:
- From Burgos (14) to Vigo (10): 1 turn? Burgos to Vigo: road [14] to [10] is direct. So 1 turn. We could send archers from Burgos to Vigo to reinforce Vigo for an attack on Porto later.
- From Pamplona (19) to Burgos? Not needed.
- From Zaragoza (17) to Teruel (13)? Zaragoza to Teruel: road [17] to [13]? [17] Zaragoza connected to [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]. So yes, direct. 1 turn. We could send the knight from Zaragoza to Teruel to reinforce.
- From Barcelona (22) to Girona (23) or Tarragona (21)? Interior reinforcement.
- From Tarragona (21) to Barcelona? Not needed.

We need to decide on a strategy. Let's focus on the south: take Cordoba, then expand from there. Also, we need to protect our western borders. The enemy might attack from Toledo or Badajoz. We should reinforce Madrid and Salamanca.

Let's list our planned movements:

1. Attack Cordoba from Murcia: send 2 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight (or some composition that wins).
2. Reinforce Madrid: send from Burgos to Madrid: 5 archers? But Burgos has 5 archers available. If we send all, Burgos becomes empty. Burgos is interior, not on border? Burgos is connected to [10] Vigo (enemy border? Vigo is ours, but Vigo borders Porto). Burgos itself is "INTERIOR (no enemy border)". So it's safe from direct attack. We can send its troops to Madrid. Madrid will then have more troops. But Madrid is a border village. We might want to build in Madrid instead. But sending troops from Burgos to Madrid takes 1 turn. That's good.
3. Reinforce Salamanca: we could send from Madrid to Salamanca. But if we send from Madrid, we weaken Madrid. Instead, we could send from Burgos to Madrid, and from Madrid to Salamanca? That would take 2 turns for the troops from Burgos to reach Salamanca. Alternatively, we could send from Pamplona to Salamanca? Pamplona to Madrid to Salamanca = 2 turns. Or we could send from Zaragoza to Madrid to Salamanca = 2 turns. So no quick way. We could just build in Salamanca. Salamanca has lots of resources. We should build there.
4. We could also send from Teruel to Madrid? Teruel to Madrid: Teruel [13] to [12] Madrid? Road: [13] connected to [8], [16], [17], [18]. Not directly to [12]. So Teruel to Madrid would need to go through [17] or [8]? Actually [13] to [17] to [12]? [17] Zaragoza is connected to [12] and [13]. So Teruel to Zaragoza to Madrid = 2 turns. So not quick.

So let's focus on building and sending from interior to border.

We also need to consider that we have 0 armies on march currently. So we can send many armies this turn.

Let's decide on the exact orders.

First, builds: we should build in every village to maximize growth. But we need to be careful about resources. We should build the troops that are most useful. Since we need to attack, we should build archers and knights. But we also need spearman for defense? Actually, spearman are cheap and have defense 2, same as others. But they have low attack. For defense, any troop contributes defense. So we can build whatever we have resources for.

Let's list builds for each village, considering we want to have a balanced army. We should probably build a mix of archers and knights, with some spearman. But we can decide based on resources.

We also need to consider that some villages will be sending troops away, so we might want to build there to replace them.

Let's plan movements and builds together.

We want to conquer Cordoba. Let's decide the exact send from Murcia. We need to leave some troops for defense. Murcia's defense is 28. If we leave too few, it might fall. But Cordoba is the only enemy bordering Murcia. After we take Cordoba, Murcia will no longer border enemy? Actually, if we take Cordoba, then Murcia borders our new territory, and the enemy border shifts. But this turn, Cordoba is still enemy. So if we attack Cordoba, the enemy might also attack Murcia? They could send troops from Cordoba to attack Murcia. But Cordoba's garrison is only 4 spearmen, 3 archers. They are weak. They might not attack. But we should leave some troops just in case.

Let's send from Murcia: 2 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight. Attack: 2*1 + 4*2 + 2*4 = 2+8+8=18. With counter (archer most numerous vs spearman): 1.5*18=27 > 18. Win. We leave 0 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. That's 3 troops. Defense might be low but okay.

Alternatively, send 1 spearman, 5 archer, 2 knight: attack 1+10+8=19, with counter 28.5. Leave 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.

Let's go with sending 2 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight. That uses 2 of the 2 spearman, 4 of the 6 archer, 2 of the 3 knight. So we leave 0 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight.

Now, we should build in Murcia to replace the sent troops. Murcia has wood 70, iron 90. We can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) = 70 wood, 50 iron. That's good. Or we could build 2 knights? 60 wood, 60 iron, and have leftover. But we need to replace the troops we sent. We sent 2 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight. We could build 2 archers and 1 knight, which is close. We'll build 1 knight and 2 archers.

Now, other villages: we should build in all of them to increase our army. Let's list builds for each, trying to use resources efficiently.

We also need to send reinforcements to border villages. Let's decide which villages to reinforce.

Our border villages: Teruel (13), Madrid (12), Murcia (15), Salamanca (7), Vigo (10). Also, after we take Cordoba, Murcia will become interior? Actually, Cordoba will become ours, so Murcia will border Cordoba (ours) and the next enemy? Cordoba borders [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia. So after taking Cordoba, Murcia will border Sevilha and Toledo? Actually, Murcia is connected to [11] Cordoba and [16] Valencia. So it will border our new village Cordoba, and from Cordoba we border Toledo and Sevilha. So Murcia becomes a stepping stone.

We should reinforce Madrid and Salamanca, as they are weak and border multiple enemies.

Let's send from Burgos (14) to Madrid (12): Burgos has 0 spearman, 5 archer, 0 knight. We can send all 5 archers to Madrid. That will increase Madrid's troops. Madrid currently has 0 spearman, 3 archer, 3 knight. After receiving 5 archers, it will have 0 spearman, 8 archer, 3 knight. That's 11 troops, defense should increase.

But we also need to consider that Madrid might need to send troops to Salamanca. If we send from Madrid to Salamanca, we can use Madrid's troops. But we just reinforced Madrid. We could instead send from Burgos directly to Salamanca? But that takes 2 turns. So maybe we send from Madrid to Salamanca now, and from Burgos to Madrid to replace. Let's do that: send from Madrid to Salamanca: we can send some troops. Madrid available: 0 spearman, 3 archer, 3 knight. We could send, say, 1 archer and 1 knight to Salamanca, leaving 2 archer and 2 knight for Madrid's defense. Then Burgos sends 5 archers to Madrid, which will arrive next turn? Wait, travel times: Madrid to Salamanca is 1 turn? Road: [12] Madrid to [7] Salamanca is direct? Yes, [12] connected to [7]. So 1 turn. Burgos to Madrid: [14] to [12] is direct, 1 turn. So if we send from Madrid to Salamanca now, those troops will arrive next turn. And Burgos to Madrid will also arrive next turn. So Madrid will lose troops this turn? Actually, the troops we send from Madrid will leave immediately. So Madrid's garrison for this turn's defense will be reduced. But the enemy attacks also happen simultaneously. If the enemy attacks Madrid this turn, they will fight Madrid's current garrison, which is whatever we leave. If we send some away, Madrid will have fewer. So we need to be careful.

Since we don't know if the enemy will attack, we should probably not send troops away from Madrid if it weakens it too much. Instead, we should just reinforce Madrid from Burgos, and not send from Madrid to Salamanca. Salamanca can be reinforced by building there.

So let's not send from Madrid. Just send from Burgos to Madrid.

What about Salamanca? We can build in Salamanca. Salamanca has wood 60, iron 130. It can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 2 knights there. That will increase its garrison.

Also, we could send from Pamplona (19) to Burgos? Not needed.

We could send from Zaragoza (17) to Teruel (13): Zaragoza has 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. Send that knight to Teruel to reinforce. Teruel is a border village with Toledo. It has 20 troops, defense 50. Reinforcing it is good.

We could send from Tarragona (21) to Girona (23) or Barcelona? Not needed.

We could send from Barcelona (22) to Tarragona? Barcelona has 6 spearman, 8 archer, 6 knight available. We could send some to Tarragona to reinforce the border? Tarragona is interior? It says "INTERIOR (no enemy border)". So it's safe. We might want to send troops to the front lines. But the front lines are Madrid, Salamanca, Teruel, Murcia, Vigo. We can send from interior villages to these border villages. But travel times might be long. For example, Barcelona to Madrid: Barcelona [22] to Tarragona [21] to Zaragoza [17] to Madrid [12]? That's 3 turns. Too slow. So we should focus on nearby interior villages.

Let's list interior villages that are near borders:
- Burgos (14) is near Vigo (10) and Madrid (12). It can send to both.
- Pamplona (19) is near Burgos and Madrid? Pamplona to Madrid: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. So 1 fast turn? Actually it says "2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So knights take 1 turn? That seems fast. Let's check: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So if we send knights, it takes 1 turn. So Pamplona to Madrid is 1 turn for knights. That's useful. Pamplona has 0 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. We could send those 2 knights to Madrid.
- Zaragoza (17) to Teruel (13): 1 turn? Zaragoza to Teruel: road [17] to [13] direct? [17] connected to [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]. So yes, 1 turn. Zaragoza has 1 knight. Send to Teruel.
- Valencia (16) to Teruel (13)? Valencia [16] connected to [13], [15], [18]. So 1 turn. Valencia has 2 spearman, 7 archer, 4 knight. We could send some to Teruel? But Teruel is already strong. Maybe send to Murcia? Murcia is our focus. Valencia to Murcia: [16] to [15] is direct? [16] connected to [13], [15], [18]. So yes, 1 turn. We could send from Valencia to Murcia to reinforce Murcia after we send troops from Murcia to Cordoba. That's a good idea: send from Valencia to Murcia to replace the troops we send from Murcia. Valencia has 2 spearman, 7 archer, 4 knight. We could send, say, 1 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight to Murcia. That will arrive next turn and reinforce Murcia.

So let's plan movements:

- From Murcia (15) to Cordoba (11): attack with 2 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight.
- From Valencia (16) to Murcia (15): send 1 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight (to reinforce Murcia).
- From Burgos (14) to Madrid (12): send 5 archers.
- From Pamplona (19) to Madrid (12): send 2 knights? But we already send from Burgos. We could send both. Madrid would get 5 archers + 2 knights = 7 troops. That's good.
- From Zaragoza (17) to Teruel (13): send 1 knight.
- From Tarragona (21) to somewhere? Maybe send to Barcelona? Not needed.
- From Barcelona (22) to Girona (23)? Not needed.

We also need to consider that we have limited troops. We should not send too many from one village if it leaves it weak. Let's check the villages we are sending from:

- Murcia: we send 8 troops, leave 3. We also receive 6 from Valencia next turn. So net +? But this turn it will have 3. Its defense will be low. But it's okay because we are attacking Cordoba, so the enemy there will be busy.
- Valencia: we send 6 troops. Valencia has 13 troops at home. After sending 6, it will have 7 left. That's okay. Valencia is interior? It says "INTERIOR (no enemy border)". So it's safe.
- Burgos: we send 5 archers. Burgos has 5 troops total? Actually Burgos has troops at home: 5 / 300. Available: 0 spearman, 5 archer, 0 knight. So if we send all 5, Burgos becomes empty. But Burgos is interior, so it's safe from attack? It says "INTERIOR (no enemy border)". So no enemy can attack it directly. So it's okay to empty it. But we might want to build there to replace. We'll build in Burgos.
- Pamplona: we send 2 knights. Pamplona has 3 troops: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. If we send 2 knights, we leave 1 archer. That's fine. Pamplona is interior.
- Zaragoza: we send 1 knight. Zaragoza has 1 troop: 1 knight. So it becomes empty. Zaragoza is interior? It says "INTERIOR (no enemy border)". So safe.

So emptying interior villages is fine as long as they are not needed for defense. But we should build in them to have troops for future turns.

Now, let's decide on builds for each village. We want to build troops to grow our army. We should build in every village that has resources and space. Let's go through each:

1. Barcelona (22): wood 30, iron 20. Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Or 2 spearman (30 wood). Let's build 1 archer. (We could also build 1 knight? No, need 30 iron.) So build 1 archer.
2. Tarragona (21): wood 50, iron 20. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Or 1 knight? No iron. So build 2 archers.
3. Girona (23): wood 30, iron 100. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Good.
4. Castellon (18): wood 60, iron 50. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 50 wood, 40 iron. Good.
5. Zaragoza (17): wood 60, iron 30. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Good.
6. Huesca (20): wood 50, iron 40. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 50 wood, 40 iron. Good.
7. Valencia (16): wood 30, iron 40. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Good.
8. Teruel (13): wood 30, iron 20. Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Good.
9. Madrid (12): wood 40, iron 40. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 2 archers to replace the ones we might send? But we are not sending from Madrid. We are receiving from Burgos and Pamplona. So Madrid's troops will increase. We can build 2 archers.
10. Murcia (15): wood 70, iron 90. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) = 70 wood, 50 iron. Good.
11. Pamplona (19): wood 70, iron 50. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) = 70 wood, 50 iron. Good.
12. Burgos (14): wood 50, iron 50. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 50 wood, 40 iron. Good.
13. Salamanca (7): wood 60, iron 130. Build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Good.
14. Vigo (10): wood 35, iron 50. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Good.

We also need to consider that some villages might reach the cap of 300 troops? None are close. So we can build freely.

Now, let's double-check the travel times and ensure our movements are valid.

Movements:
- Murcia to Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. We are sending a mix: 2 spearman (slow), 4 archer (medium), 2 knight (fast). The army marches at the speed of the slowest, so spearman. So it will take 1 slow turn? The report says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" meaning slow takes 1 turn, medium 1, fast 1. So all take 1 turn. So they arrive next turn.
- Valencia to Murcia: Valencia to Murcia: road [16] to [15] is direct. What's the travel time? Not listed, but likely 1 turn. We can assume 1 turn for all speeds since it's one edge. The report doesn't give the distance from Valencia to Murcia, but since they are connected directly, it should be 1 turn. We'll assume 1 turn.
- Burgos to Madrid: [14] to [12] direct. 1 turn.
- Pamplona to Madrid: [19] to [12]? Pamplona connected to [14], [17], [20]. Not directly to [12]. So Pamplona to Madrid would need to go through [14] or [17]? Actually [19] Pamplona is connected to [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza, [20] Huesca. So to get to Madrid [12], it must go through either [14] or [17]. [14] Burgos to [12] Madrid is direct. So Pamplona to Burgos to Madrid = 2 edges. The report says from Pamplona to Madrid: "2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So knights take 1 turn? That seems odd: 2 edges but knights take 1 turn? Maybe the road distance is not simply number of edges. The report gives specific times. For Pamplona to Madrid: "2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So if we send knights (fast), it takes 1 turn. That means they will arrive next turn. So we can send from Pamplona to Madrid. But wait: if we send knights, they are fast, so they take 1 turn. But the path is Pamplona -> Burgos -> Madrid? Or Pamplona -> Zaragoza -> Madrid? Either way, it's 2 edges, but maybe the distance in "turns" is based on speed, not just edges. The report says "march from [19] Pamplona: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So we can send fast troops and they arrive in 1 turn. That's fine.
- Zaragoza to Teruel: [17] to [13] direct. 1 turn.

All these marches will arrive next turn. So they will be available for the next turn's orders.

Now, we need to write the plan and statement.

Plan: We are attacking Cordoba to expand our territory. We are reinforcing Madrid and Teruel to strengthen our borders. We are building troops in all villages to grow our army for the next turns. We must not forget to leave some troops in Murcia for defense. We decided not to attack any other village this turn as we need more time to build up.

Statement: We launched a bold attack on Cordoba, taking the enemy village. We reinforced our western borders by sending troops to Madrid and Teruel. Our army is growing as we build in every village. The path to victory is ours.

Now, let's format the JSON.

We need to specify builds and movements.

Builds: list of objects with villageId, type, quantity.

Movements: list of objects with fromId, toId, troops (spearman, archer, knight).

We need to ensure we only send troops that are available. Let's verify the numbers.

Murcia available: 2 spearman, 6 archer, 3 knight. We want to send 2 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight. That's within available.

Valencia available: 2 spearman, 7 archer, 4 knight. We want to send 1 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight. Within.

Burgos available: 0 spearman, 5 archer, 0 knight. Send 5 archers. OK.

Pamplona available: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. Send 2 knights. OK.

Zaragoza available: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. Send 1 knight. OK.

Now, builds: we need to list each village's builds. We can build multiple types in one village. The JSON expects a list of build objects. Each object has villageId, type, quantity. We can have multiple objects for the same village if we build different types.

Let's list builds:

Barcelona: 1 archer
Tarragona: 2 archer
Girona: 1 knight
Castellon: 1 knight, 1 archer
Zaragoza: 1 knight
Huesca: 1 knight, 1 archer
Valencia: 1 knight
Teruel: 1 archer
Madrid: 2 archer
Murcia: 1 knight, 2 archer
Pamplona: 1 knight, 2 archer
Burgos: 1 knight, 1 archer
Salamanca: 2 knights
Vigo: 1 knight

We need to check if we have enough resources for each. We already did.

Now, let's write the JSON.

We also need to consider: the report says "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." So we must ensure the village has the resources. We checked.

Also, we need to consider the cap: "when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building". None are near 300.

Now, let's write the plan and statement.

Plan: "We are attacking Cordoba from Murcia to expand our territory. We are reinforcing Madrid from Burgos and Pamplona, and Teruel from Zaragoza, to strengthen our borders. We are sending reinforcements from Valencia to Murcia to replace losses. We are building troops in all villages to grow our army. We must not forget to leave some troops in Murcia for defense. Next turn, we will assess the situation and plan further expansion."

Statement: "This turn, we launched a decisive attack on Cordoba, overwhelming the enemy garrison and conquering the village. We reinforced our western borders by sending troops to Madrid and Teruel, ensuring our defenses remain strong. Our army continues to grow as we build in every village. The path to victory is ours!"

Now, let's double-check the movements. Are we allowed to send from Pamplona to Madrid? The report says from Pamplona to Madrid: "2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So if we send 2 knights (fast), they take 1 turn. That's fine. But we need to ensure the path is clear. The path from Pamplona to Madrid: according to road network, Pamplona [19] is connected to [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza, [20] Huesca. To get to Madrid [12], we must go through either [14] or [17]. Both are ours. So the path is through friendly territory. The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". Since all intermediate villages are ours, they will pass through and arrive at Madrid. So that's fine.

Similarly, Zaragoza to Teruel: Zaragoza [17] to Teruel [13] is direct, both ours? Teruel is ours, Zaragoza is ours. So they will just march and join Teruel's garrison.

Burgos to Madrid: direct, both ours.

Valencia to Murcia: Valencia [16] to Murcia [15] is direct. Murcia is ours. So they will join Murcia's garrison. But wait: we are also sending from Murcia to Cordoba. The order is simultaneous. The troops from Valencia will march to Murcia. The troops from Murcia will march to Cordoba. They don't interfere. The troops from Valencia will arrive at Murcia next turn. The troops from Murcia will leave immediately. So Murcia will have its garrison reduced, then next turn receive reinforcements. That's fine.

Now, we need to make sure we don't send more troops than available. Let's list the exact numbers for movements:

movements: [
  { fromId: 15, toId: 11, troops: { spearman: 2, archer: 4, knight: 2 } },
  { fromId: 16, toId: 15, troops: { spearman: 1, archer: 3, knight: 2 } },
  { fromId: 14, toId: 12, troops: { spearman: 0, archer: 5, knight: 0 } },
  { fromId: 19, toId: 12, troops: { spearman: 0, archer: 0, knight: 2 } },
  { fromId: 17, toId: 13, troops: { spearman: 0, archer: 0, knight: 1 } }
]

We can omit zero entries if we want, but it's fine to include them.

Now, builds: we need to list each build. We can combine same type in one village? The JSON expects an object with type and quantity. So we can have one object per type per village. For villages with multiple types, we need multiple objects.

Let's list:

builds: [
  { villageId: 22, type: "archer", quantity: 1 },
  { villageId: 21, type: "archer", quantity: 2 },
  { villageId: 23, type: "knight", quantity: 1 },
  { villageId: 18, type: "knight", quantity: 1 },
  { villageId: 18, type: "archer", quantity: 1 },
  { villageId: 17, type: "knight", quantity: 1 },
  { villageId: 20, type: "knight", quantity: 1 },
  { villageId: 20, type: "archer", quantity: 1 },
  { villageId: 16, type: "knight", quantity: 1 },
  { villageId: 13, type: "archer", quantity: 1 },
  { villageId: 12, type: "archer", quantity: 2 },
  { villageId: 15, type: "knight", quantity: 1 },
  { villageId: 15, type: "archer", quantity: 2 },
  { villageId: 19, type: "knight", quantity: 1 },
  { villageId: 19, type: "archer", quantity: 2 },
  { villageId: 14, type: "knight", quantity: 1 },
  { villageId: 14, type: "archer", quantity: 1 },
  { villageId: 7, type: "knight", quantity: 2 },
  { villageId: 10, type: "knight", quantity: 1 }
]

Check Castellon: we said 1 knight and 1 archer. Yes.
Huesca: 1 knight, 1 archer.
Murcia: 1 knight, 2 archer.
Pamplona: 1 knight, 2 archer.
Burgos: 1 knight, 1 archer.
Salamanca: 2 knights.
Vigo: 1 knight.

Now, we need to ensure that the builds are possible with the resources. Let's quickly verify a few:

Castellon: wood 60, iron 50. Knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. Archer: 20 wood, 10 iron. Total: 50 wood, 40 iron. OK.
Huesca: wood 50, iron 40. Knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. Archer: 20 wood, 10 iron. Total: 50 wood, 40 iron. OK.
Murcia: wood 70, iron 90. Knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. 2 archers: 40 wood, 20 iron. Total: 70 wood, 50 iron. OK.
Pamplona: wood 70, iron 50. Knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. 2 archers: 40 wood, 20 iron. Total: 70 wood, 50 iron. OK.
Burgos: wood 50, iron 50. Knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. Archer: 20 wood, 10 iron. Total: 50 wood, 40 iron. OK.
Salamanca: wood 60, iron 130. 2 knights: 60 wood, 60 iron. OK.
Vigo: wood 35, iron 50. Knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. OK.

All good.

Now, we need to write the plan and statement. The plan should be a note to ourselves, 2-4 lines. The statement is for the audience, 2-4 lines.

Let's write them.

Plan: "We attacked Cordoba to expand our territory. We reinforced Madrid and Teruel to strengthen borders. We sent replacements from Valencia to Murcia. We built troops in all villages to grow our army. Next turn, we will assess the situation and plan further expansion, focusing on Sevilha and Badajoz."

Statement: "This turn, we launched a decisive attack on Cordoba, overwhelming the enemy garrison and conquering the village. We reinforced our western borders by sending troops to Madrid and Teruel, ensuring our defenses remain strong. Our army continues to grow as we build in every village. The path to victory is ours!"

Now, we need to output the JSON. The JSON should have keys: build, movements, plan, statement.

Let's construct the final JSON.

We must ensure we use the correct village IDs. The IDs are numbers. In the report, they are given as [22] Barcelona, etc. So we use the number.

Let's double-check the movements: we are sending from Pamplona (19) to Madrid (12). Is that allowed? The report says from Pamplona to Madrid: "2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So we can send knights. But we need to ensure that the path is clear. The path from Pamplona to Madrid: according to road network, Pamplona [19] connects to [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza, [20] Huesca. To get to Madrid [12], we must go through either [14] or [17]. Both are ours. So the army will march through friendly villages. The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". Since all intermediate villages are ours, they will not stop. They will pass through and arrive at Madrid. So that's fine.

But wait: the rule also says "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." Since we are sending to Madrid (which is ours), they will just join the garrison. They don't fight. So that's fine.

Now, what about the attack on Cordoba? We are sending from Murcia to Cordoba. Cordoba is enemy. They will fight. We need to ensure we have enough attack. Let's recalc: 2 spearman (attack 1 each = 2), 4 archer (attack 2 each = 8), 2 knight (attack 4 each = 8). Total attack = 18. Counter: our most numerous type? We have 2 spearman, 4 archer, 2 knight. Most numerous is archer (4). Enemy garrison: 4 spearmen, 3 archers. Most numerous is spearman (4). Archer counters spearman, so we get 1.5x bonus. Effective attack = 18 * 1.5 = 27. Enemy effective defense = 18. 27 > 18, we win. Tie favors defender, but we have higher. So we win.

What about losses? The winner takes losses against the loser's effective force. Our effective force is 27, theirs is 18. We lose some troops. The number of troops lost is not specified, but we can expect to lose some. We have reinforcements coming from Valencia to Murcia, so we can recover.

Now, we should also consider if we want to send any troops to attack other villages. We don't have enough for others. So we focus on Cordoba.

One more thing: we have 14 villages. After taking Cordoba, we will have 15. We need 18 for 2 consecutive turns. So we need 3 more after that. We should plan for next turns.

In the plan, we can mention that we will next target Sevilha or Badajoz.

Now, let's write the final JSON. We need to ensure the JSON is valid.

I'll construct it carefully.

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 13, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 12, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 15, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 15, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 19, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 19, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 14, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 14, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 7, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 10, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 15, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 4, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 16, "toId": 15, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 3, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 14, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 5, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 19, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 17, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}}
  ],
  "plan": "We attacked Cordoba to expand our territory. We reinforced Madrid and Teruel to strengthen borders. We sent replacements from Valencia to Murcia. We built troops in all villages to grow our army. Next turn, we will assess the situation and plan further expansion, focusing on Sevilha and Badajoz.",
  "statement": "This turn, we launched a decisive attack on Cordoba, overwhelming the enemy garrison and conquering the village. We reinforced our western borders by sending troops to Madrid and Teruel, ensuring our defenses remain strong. Our army continues to grow as we build in every village. The path to victory is ours!"
}

Wait, we need to check if we can send 0 troops in movements. The JSON schema says "troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}. It might be better to omit zero entries or just send the non-zero ones. But the example shows all three. We can include zeros; it should be fine. Alternatively, we can just not include the zero keys? But the schema expects them. Let's keep them as 0.

Also, we need to ensure that the builds don't exceed resources. We already checked.

One more thing: we are building in Zaragoza (17) a knight. But we are also sending Zaragoza's only knight to Teruel. So Zaragoza will have 0 troops now, but next turn it will have the new knight. That's fine.

Similarly, Burgos: we send all 5 archers, but we build 1 knight and 1 archer. So next turn it will have 1 knight and 1 archer.

Pamplona: we send 2 knights, but we build 1 knight and 2 archers. So next turn it will have 1 knight and 2 archers (plus the 1 archer we didn't send? Actually we sent 2 knights, leaving 1 archer. Then we build 1 knight and 2 archers. So next turn it will have 1 knight, 3 archers? Wait, the build adds to the existing garrison. The garrison after sending: 1 archer (since we had 0 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight; we sent 2 knights, left 1 archer). Then builds: 1 knight, 2 archers. So total next turn: 1 knight, 3 archers. Good.

Now, we should also consider if we need to send any troops to Salamanca or Vigo. We didn't. We built in Salamanca and Vigo, so they will have more troops next turn. But this turn, they are still at their current levels. That's okay.

Let's review the enemy's possible actions. The enemy might attack our border villages. Which ones? They could attack Madrid from Toledo, or Salamanca from Badajoz/Coimbra/Porto, or Teruel from Toledo, or Murcia from Cordoba (but we are attacking Cordoba, so maybe they don't send), or Vigo from Porto. We have reinforced Madrid and Teruel. Salamanca and Vigo are not reinforced this turn, but they have some troops. We might want to send reinforcements to Salamanca or Vigo. But we don't have many troops available near them. We could send from Madrid to Salamanca? But we are reinforcing Madrid, so we don't want to take troops from Madrid. We could send from Burgos to Vigo? Burgos to Vigo is direct: [14] to [10] is 1 turn. Burgos has 5 archers. We could send some to Vigo instead of all to Madrid. But Madrid is weaker. Let's think: Madrid defense 15, Vigo defense 28. Vigo is stronger. Also, Vigo borders Porto which has 73 defense, so they might not attack. Madrid borders Toledo which has 70 defense, they might attack. So reinforcing Madrid is more critical.

What about Salamanca? Salamanca defense 23. It borders three enemies. It could be attacked. We could send from Madrid to Salamanca? But we are sending from Burgos to Madrid. If we send from Madrid to Salamanca, we would need to replace those troops from Burgos. But the travel time: Burgos to Madrid is 1 turn, Madrid to Salamanca is 1 turn. So if we send from Burgos to Madrid and from Madrid to Salamanca, the troops from Burgos will arrive at Madrid next turn, and the troops from Madrid will arrive at Salamanca next turn. So effectively, we are moving troops from Burgos to Salamanca via Madrid, but it takes 2 turns for them to reach Salamanca. Meanwhile, Madrid's defense this turn is reduced because we sent troops away. That might be risky. So it's better to just send from Burgos directly to Madrid, and not send from Madrid. Salamanca can be reinforced by building, which we are doing.

So our current plan seems reasonable.

Now, let's check if we have any other available troops we haven't used. We have many villages with available troops that we didn't send. For example, Barcelona has 6 spearman, 8 archer, 6 knight. We didn't send any. Should we send some to reinforce somewhere? Barcelona is far from the front lines. Sending to Madrid would take many turns. So it's better to keep them in Barcelona and build there. We can send them later when we have a closer route.

Tarragona has 0 spearman, 6 archer, 8 knight. Could send to Zaragoza or Madrid? Tarragona to Madrid: Tarragona [21] to Zaragoza [17] to Madrid [12] = 2 turns. So not quick.

Girona has 10 spearman, 3 archer, 5 knight. Could send to Tarragona? Not needed.

So we are using the nearby interior villages to reinforce the borders. That's good.

Now, let's finalize the JSON. We need to ensure the plan and statement are within length limits. The plan is about 600 characters? Let's count: "We attacked Cordoba to expand our territory. We reinforced Madrid and Teruel to strengthen borders. We sent replacements from Valencia to Murcia. We built troops in all villages to grow our army. Next turn, we will assess the situation and plan further expansion, focusing on Sevilha and Badajoz." That's about 300 characters. Fine.

Statement: "This turn, we launched a decisive attack on Cordoba, overwhelming the enemy garrison and conquering the village. We reinforced our western borders by sending troops to Madrid and Teruel, ensuring our defenses remain strong. Our army continues to grow as we build in every village. The path to victory is ours!" About 300 characters. Fine.

Now, we need to output only the JSON. No extra text.

Let's write it.

ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"cavaleiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":15,"destinoId":11,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":4,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":16,"destinoId":15,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":14,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":5,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":19,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":17,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}}]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [22]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [21]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [18]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [18]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [17]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [20]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [20]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [16]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [13]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [12]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [12]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [15]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [15]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [15]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [19]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [19]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [19]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [14]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [14]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [7]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [7]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [10]
ACEITO envio [15]->[11]: 2S+4A+2K
ACEITO envio [16]->[15]: 1S+3A+2K
ACEITO envio [14]->[12]: 5A
ACEITO envio [19]->[12]: 2K
ACEITO envio [17]->[13]: 1K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): We attacked Cordoba to expand our territory. We reinforced Madrid and Teruel to strengthen borders. We sent replacements from Valencia to Murcia. We built troops in all villages to grow our army. Next turn, we will assess the situation and plan further expansion, focusing on Sevilha and Badajoz.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): This turn, we launched a decisive attack on Cordoba, overwhelming the enemy garrison and conquering the village. We reinforced our western borders by sending troops to Madrid and Teruel, ensuring our defenses remain strong. Our army continues to grow as we build in every village. The path to victory is ours!
COMBATE [15] Murcia: atacante B Fatk=28 (ef 42) Fdef=8 (ef 10) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~3
COMBATE [7] Salamanca: atacante B Fatk=29 (ef 44) Fdef=24 (ef 30) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~10
REFORCO [16] Valencia dono B: 2S+5A+3K
REFORCO [12] Madrid dono B: 2A+1K
REFORCO [12] Madrid dono B: 1K
placar: A 10 ald/tropas 82 | B 14 ald/tropas 120 | neutras 0 | transito 7 (A 2 | B 5)

########## TURNO 20 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4222 | resposta 8839 | raciocinio 8839 | finish content_filter | ms 104226
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A and provide a JSON response with build orders, movement orders, a plan, and a statement.

First, let's understand the current state of the game from the report:
- Turn 20.
- I hold 11 villages (out of 24). To win, I need 18 (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate all enemy villages.
- Enemy is King B.
- My capital is Lisboa [0]. Enemy capital is Barcelona [22] (unexplored).
- Current resources and troops in my villages:
  - [0] Lisboa: wood 40, iron 30. Troops: 4 knight. (Defense 12)
  - [1] Santarem: wood 40, iron 80. Troops: 3 archer, 4 knight. (Defense 18)
  - [2] Evora: wood 40, iron 60. Troops: 4 knight. (Defense 10)
  - [3] Coimbra: wood 30, iron 160. Troops: 15 archer, 4 knight. (Defense 48)
  - [4] Badajoz: wood 30, iron 90. Troops: 4 spearman, 14 archer, 2 knight. (Defense 50)
  - [5] Faro: wood 30, iron 90. Troops: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight. (Defense 23)
  - [6] Porto: wood 35, iron 160. Troops: 2 spearman, 5 archer, 4 knight. (Defense 28) - Border with [10] Vigo.
  - [7] Salamanca: wood 30, iron 90. Troops: 5 spearman, 8 archer, 1 knight. (Defense 35) - Interior.
  - [8] Toledo: wood 30, iron 60. Troops: 4 spearman, 9 archer, 2 knight. (Defense 38) - Border with [11], [13].
  - [9] Sevilha: wood 40, iron 50. Troops: 4 spearman, 2 knight. (Defense 15) - Border with [11].
  - [12] Madrid: wood 30, iron 40. Troops: 6 archer. (Defense 15) - Border with [14], [17].

Wait, the prompt says:
"WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN:
- You attacked [12] Madrid with 15 archers... conquered.
- You attacked [7] Salamanca with 8 spearmen, 12 archers, 2 knights... conquered.
- King B attacked YOUR [11] Cordoba... the village FELL. Your garrison was destroyed.
- King B attacked YOUR [12] Madrid... REPELLED.
- A reinforcement of King B (1 knight) arrived at [13] Teruel"

Let's look at the current map and my villages.
My front line:
- [6] Porto faces [10] Vigo (enemy, defense 30, garrison: 3 spearman, 7 archer, 2 knights).
- [8] Toledo faces [11] Cordoba (enemy, defense 10, garrison: 1 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight) and [13] Teruel (enemy, defense 55, garrison: 3 spearman, 12 archer, 7 knights).
- [9] Sevilha faces [11] Cordoba (enemy, defense 10).
- [12] Madrid faces [14] Burgos (enemy, defense 5, garrison: 1 archer, 1 knight) and [17] Zaragoza (enemy, defense 3, garrison: 1 knight).

Wait! The prompt says "You attacked [12] Madrid... conquered" and "You attacked [7] Salamanca... conquered" last turn.
But in "YOUR VILLAGES", [12] Madrid is listed as mine, and [7] Salamanca is listed as mine.
Wait, [11] Cordoba was mine, but "King B attacked YOUR [11] Cordoba... the village FELL." So [11] Cordoba is now enemy.
And [12] Madrid has 6 archers at home.

Let's check the enemy villages we can see:
- [10] Vigo: garrison 3 spearman, 7 archer, 2 knights, defense 30. March from [6] Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [11] Cordoba: garrison 1 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight, defense 10. March from [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns, and from [9] Sevilha.
- [13] Teruel: garrison 3 spearman, 12 archer, 7 knights, defense 55. March from [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [14] Burgos: garrison 1 archer, 1 knight, defense 5. March from [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [17] Zaragoza: garrison 1 knight, defense 3. March from [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

Known from before:
- [16] Valencia: enemy, garrison was 2 spearman, 7 archer, 3 knights.
- [15] Murcia: enemy, garrison was 2 spearman, 6 archer, 3 knights.
- [18] Castellon: enemy, garrison was 2 spearman, 6 archer, 1 knight.

Unexplored:
- [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona (enemy capital), [23] Girona.

Let's look at the road network:
- [12] Madrid connects to [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza.
- [8] Toledo connects to [4] Badajoz, [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel.
- [6] Porto connects to [3] Coimbra, [7] Salamanca, [10] Vigo.
- [9] Sevilha connects to [4] Badajoz, [5] Faro, [11] Cordoba.

My total troops at home: 115 soldiers (23 spearman, 63 archer, 29 knight).
Let's see the available troops to send:
- [0] Lisboa: 4 knight
- [1] Santarem: 3 archer, 4 knight
- [2] Evora: 4 knight
- [3] Coimbra: 15 archer, 4 knight
- [4] Badajoz: 4 spearman, 14 archer, 2 knight
- [5] Faro: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight
- [6] Porto: 2 spearman, 5 archer, 4 knight
- [7] Salamanca: 5 spearman, 8 archer, 1 knight
- [8] Toledo: 4 spearman, 9 archer, 2 knight
- [9] Sevilha: 4 spearman, 2 knight
- [12] Madrid: 6 archer

Let's check the resources for building:
Costs:
- spearman: 15 wood + 0 iron.
- archer: 20 wood + 10 iron.
- knight: 30 wood + 30 iron.

My villages have resources:
- [0] Lisboa: wood 40, iron 30. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron - wait, only 40 wood, so can build 1 knight: 30 wood, 30 iron). Or archers: 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
- [1] Santarem: wood 40, iron 80. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron)? Total 50 wood, 40 iron. Or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) + 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 70 wood, 50 iron. Let's see: wood 40, so max 2 archers (40 wood) or 1 knight (30 wood) + 1 archer (20 wood -> 50 wood, not enough). So max wood limit is 40. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron), or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- [2] Evora: wood 40, iron 60. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood -> 50 wood, no). Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
- [3] Coimbra: wood 30, iron 160. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 spearman (15 wood).
- [4] Badajoz: wood 30, iron 90. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
- [5] Faro: wood 30, iron 90. Can build 1 knight or 1 archer.
- [6] Porto: wood 35, iron 160. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
- [7] Salamanca: wood 30, iron 90. Can build 1 knight or 1 archer.
- [8] Toledo: wood 30, iron 60. Can build 1 knight or 1 archer.
- [9] Sevilha: wood 40, iron 50. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
- [12] Madrid: wood 30, iron 40. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).

Wait, the cap per village is 300 troops. Currently, all are well below 300.
Let's see what is the best strategy.
We need to capture more villages. We currently have 11. We need 18.
The nearby easy targets:
- [11] Cordoba: defense 10, garrison 1 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. Very weak! We can attack it from [8] Toledo or [9] Sevilha.
- [14] Burgos: defense 5, garrison 1 archer, 1 knight. Extremely weak! We can attack it from [12] Madrid.
- [17] Zaragoza: defense 3, garrison 1 knight. Extremely weak! We can attack it from [12] Madrid.
- [10] Vigo: defense 30, garrison 3 spearman, 7 archer, 2 knights. A bit stronger, but we can attack from [6] Porto.

Let's calculate the effective force for attacking these villages.
Combat rules:
Each troop type has ATTACK and DEFENSE:
spearman: attack 1, defense 2
archer: attack 2, defense 2
knight: attack 4, defense 2

When attacking, attacker counts ATTACK, defender counts DEFENSE.
Counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Counter multiplies WHOLE army's force by 1.5.
The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties break in order spearman, archer, knight).
Defending in a village: defense counts x1.25 (already included in "effective defense" in the report). So we just use the effective defense directly!
Wait, the report says: "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again."
So for [11] Cordoba, effective defense is 10.
For [14] Burgos, effective defense is 5.
For [17] Zaragoza, effective defense is 3.
For [10] Vigo, effective defense is 30.

Let's calculate the attack power of our troops.
If we attack, our troops count their ATTACK values.
Let's say we send from [12] Madrid: 6 archers. Attack power = 6 * 2 = 12.
If we send from [8] Toledo: 4 spearman, 9 archer, 2 knight.
Attack values: spearman 1, archer 2, knight 4.
Total raw attack: 4*1 + 9*2 + 2*4 = 4 + 18 + 8 = 30.
Most numerous type: archer (9). Defender at [11] Cordoba has garrison: 1 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous is archer (2).
Wait, does the defender's garrison set the counter, or the attacker's? "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup". So both attacker and defender have a most numerous type.
Attacker most numerous: archer. Defender most numerous: archer.
Archer vs Archer: no counter bonus (multiplier 1.0).
What if attacker has spearman most numerous, defender has knight? Spearman counters knight, so attacker gets 1.5x multiplier.
What if attacker has knight most numerous, defender has archer? Knight counters archer, so attacker gets 1.5x.
What if defender has spearman most numerous, attacker has archer? Archer counters spearman, so defender gets 1.5x? Wait, "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5".
So whoever has the counter gets the 1.5 multiplier on their force.
Let's check the exact wording: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
So if attacker's most numerous is archer, and defender's most numerous is spearman, archer counters spearman, so attacker gets 1.5x.
If attacker's most numerous is spearman, and defender's most numerous is archer, spearman does not counter archer, but archer counters spearman, so defender gets 1.5x.
So the counter is determined by the matchup of the two most numerous types.
Let's list the counters:
Attacker A, Defender D.
- A_spearman vs D_knight: A counters D -> A gets 1.5x.
- A_archer vs D_spearman: A counters D -> A gets 1.5x.
- A_knight vs D_archer: A counters D -> A gets 1.5x.
- A_spearman vs D_archer: D counters A -> D gets 1.5x.
- A_archer vs D_knight: D counters A -> D gets 1.5x.
- A_knight vs D_spearman: D counters A -> D gets 1.5x.
- Same type vs same type: no counter, 1.0x.
- What if there is a tie in count? "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight". So if spearman and archer are tied, spearman is considered the most numerous. If archer and knight are tied, archer is considered most numerous. If spearman and knight are tied, spearman is most numerous.

Let's look at the targets and our possible attacks.
Target [11] Cordoba: defense 10, garrison 1 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight.
Most numerous in defender garrison: archer (2).
If we attack with archers, e.g., 6 archers from Madrid [12]. Most numerous: archer. Archer vs Archer: no counter. Attack = 6 * 2 = 12. Defender defense = 10. Attack 12 > Defense 10. We win!
If we attack from Toledo [8] with 4 spearman, 9 archer, 2 knight. Most numerous: archer. Archer vs Archer: no counter. Attack = 30. Defender defense = 10. We win easily.
But wait! If we attack with spearman, e.g. from Badajoz [4] we have 4 spearman, 14 archer, 2 knight. If we send only spearman, say 4 spearman. Most numerous: spearman. Defender has archer (2). Archer counters spearman, so defender gets 1.5x defense! Defense = 10 * 1.5 = 15. Attack = 4 * 1 = 4. We lose.
So we should send archers or knights, or a mix where archer is most numerous.
Wait, if we send knights, knight vs archer (defender's most numerous is archer): knight counters archer, so attacker gets 1.5x!
Let's say we send 4 knights from Lisboa [0]. Most numerous: knight. Defender most numerous: archer. Knight counters archer, so attacker gets 1.5x.
Attack = 4 * 4 = 16. With 1.5x multiplier, effective attack = 24. Defender defense = 10. We win!

Let's look at [14] Burgos: defense 5, garrison 1 archer, 1 knight.
Most numerous: tie between archer and knight. Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight, so archer is most numerous.
If we attack with archers: Archer vs Archer, no counter. Attack > 5, easy win.
If we attack with knights: Knight vs Archer, knight counters archer, attacker gets 1.5x. Attack * 1.5 > 5.
If we attack with spearman: Spearman vs Archer, archer counters spearman, defender gets 1.5x. Defense = 5 * 1.5 = 7.5. Attack of spearman is low, so might be hard.

Let's look at [17] Zaragoza: defense 3, garrison 1 knight.
Most numerous: knight.
If we attack with spearman: Spearman vs Knight, spearman counters knight, attacker gets 1.5x.
If we attack with archer: Archer vs Knight, knight counters archer, defender gets 1.5x. Defense = 3 * 1.5 = 4.5.
If we attack with knight: Knight vs Knight, no counter.

Let's look at [10] Vigo: defense 30, garrison 3 spearman, 7 archer, 2 knights.
Most numerous: archer (7).
If we attack with knights: Knight vs Archer, knight counters archer, attacker gets 1.5x.
If we send 4 knights from Porto [6]: Attack = 4 * 4 = 16. With 1.5x, effective attack = 24. Defense is 30. 24 < 30, we lose.
What if we send more knights? We have 4 knight in Porto, 4 in Coimbra, 4 in Lisboa, etc. But we can only send from one village per attack, and they fight alone.
Wait, "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So we can only send one army from one village to attack a target. To attack Vigo [10], we must send from Porto [6].
Porto has 2 spearman, 5 archer, 4 knight.
If we send all: 2 spearman, 5 archer, 4 knight.
Most numerous: archer (5). Defender most numerous: archer (7). No counter.
Attack = 2*1 + 5*2 + 4*4 = 2 + 10 + 16 = 28. Defense = 30. 28 < 30, we lose!
What if we send only knights? 4 knights. Most numerous: knight. Defender most numerous: archer. Knight counters archer -> 1.5x.
Attack = 4 * 4 = 16. Effective attack = 24. Defense = 30. 24 < 30, still lose.
What if we send only archers? 5 archers. Attack = 10. No counter. Lose.
What if we send spearman and knights? 2 spearman, 4 knight. Most numerous: tie between spearman and knight? Tie breaks spearman, knight -> spearman is most numerous.
Spearman vs Archer (defender): Archer counters spearman, defender gets 1.5x. Defense = 30 * 1.5 = 45. Attack = 2*1 + 4*4 = 18. Lose.
So we cannot take Vigo [10] yet with the troops we have in Porto. We need to reinforce Porto first, or build more troops there.

Let's look at the easy wins:
- [11] Cordoba: defense 10. We can attack from Toledo [8] or Sevilha [9].
Toledo has 4 spearman, 9 archer, 2 knight. We can send a strong force.
Sevilha has 4 spearman, 2 knight. Not many archers.
Let's see: if we attack Cordoba [11] from Toledo [8] with 4 spearman, 9 archer, 2 knight.
Attack = 30. Defender defense = 10. We win easily.
Wait, what are the losses?
"The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself."
Loser's effective force: defender's effective force is 10.
Half of 10 is 5.
So we lose troops worth 5 effective force.
How is it spread over troop types? "spread over its troop types". Usually, it's proportional to the loser's troop types, or the winner's? "spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size". "its" refers to the loser. So the loser's effective force is 10, half is 5. The loser is destroyed entirely anyway. The winner loses troops worth 5 effective force, spread over the winner's troop types? Or the loser's? "spread over its troop types" - "its" usually refers to the loser, but the loser is destroyed entirely, so maybe the winner's troops are reduced by an amount equivalent to half the loser's effective force, distributed among the winner's troops.
Wait, the prompt says: "The LOSER is destroyed entirely... The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types".
Let's look at the example from last turn:
"You attacked [12] Madrid with 15 archers (effective force 30 vs its defense 20): VICTORY, conquered. You lost 5 troops; 10 troops stay there as its new garrison."
Attacker effective force: 15 archers * 2 attack = 30.
Defender defense: 20.
Loser's effective force: defender's defense is 20. Half of 20 is 10? But we lost 5 troops. Wait, 5 archers have effective force 10 (5 * 2 = 10). So we lost 5 archers, which is exactly half of the defender's defense (20 / 2 = 10, and 5 archers = 10 attack).
Another example: "You attacked [7] Salamanca with 8 spearmen, 12 archers, 2 knights (effective force 40 vs its defense 28): VICTORY, conquered. You lost 8 troops; 14 troops stay there as its new garrison."
Wait, 8 spearmen (8 * 1 = 8) + 12 archers (12 * 2 = 24) + 2 knights (2 * 4 = 8). Total attack = 40.
Defender defense: 28. Half of 28 is 14.
We lost 8 troops. How much effective force is 8 troops? It says "lost 8 troops", but doesn't specify the mix. If they were archers, 8 archers = 16 attack. If they were spearmen, 8 spearmen = 8 attack. The rule says "spread over its troop types". It probably means the loser's troop types, but since the loser is the defender, the defender's garrison is destroyed, and the attacker loses an amount of troops equivalent to half the defender's effective force, distributed among the attacker's troops.
Anyway, the losses are usually around half of the defender's defense in terms of effective force.
For Cordoba [11], defense is 10. Half is 5. So we will lose troops worth 5 effective force, e.g., 2 archers (4) + 1 spearman (1), or 3 archers (6), etc. It's a very cheap victory!

Let's look at [14] Burgos: defense 5. Half is 2.5. Very cheap to take!
Let's look at [17] Zaragoza: defense 3. Half is 1.5. Extremely cheap!

So we should definitely attack [11] Cordoba, [14] Burgos, and [17] Zaragoza this turn!
Wait, can we attack all three?
We have multiple villages that can attack.
- To attack [11] Cordoba: from [8] Toledo or [9] Sevilha.
- To attack [14] Burgos: from [12] Madrid.
- To attack [17] Zaragoza: from [12] Madrid.
Wait, can Madrid attack both Burgos and Zaragoza in the same turn?
"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
But can the SAME village send two different armies to two different targets in the same turn?
Usually, a village can only send one army per turn, or can it send multiple?
The prompt says: "orders are SIMULTANEOUS... Nothing you order this turn is visible to them before it happens."
And "movements" is a list of objects: `{"fromId": <id>, "toId": <id>, "troops": {...}}`.
Can we have two movements from the same `fromId`?
Let's check if the rules allow a village to split its garrison and send them to different targets in the same turn.
"Each village you hold produces resources every turn... Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up..."
It doesn't explicitly forbid sending multiple orders from the same village, but typically in these games, a village can only march once per turn, or it sends its whole army to one destination. Let's assume we can only send one movement per village per turn, or if we can send multiple, they would be separate marches. But usually, a village has one army that can be sent. Let's look at the available troops: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 4 spearman, 9 archer, 2 knight". It lists the total available. If we send some to A and some to B, we are splitting the garrison. Is that allowed?
"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up... Your own armies never fight each other: they pass freely."
If we split the garrison of Madrid [12] to attack both Burgos [14] and Zaragoza [17], they would be from the same village. But they go to different targets. Is that allowed?
Let's look at the JSON format:
`"movements": [ {"fromId": ..., "toId": ..., "troops": {...}}, ... ]`
There is no restriction on `fromId` being unique in the list, but logically, a village has a certain number of troops. If we split them, we just specify the subset in each movement.
However, usually, it's safer to send the whole army to one target, or if we split, we must make sure the sum doesn't exceed the available troops.
Let's see if we can take both Burgos and Zaragoza with one attack on one, and then the other next turn? Or can we attack both from Madrid?
Madrid has 6 archers.
If we send 3 archers to Burgos and 3 archers to Zaragoza.
Attack on Burgos: 3 archers = 6 attack. Defense 5. Win!
Attack on Zaragoza: 3 archers = 6 attack. Defense 3. Win!
But wait, if we split, do they march at the same time? Yes, orders are simultaneous.
But is it allowed to split? "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up...". It doesn't say "Troops sent from the SAME village cannot be split". But in many such games, you can only issue one march order per village per turn. Let's assume we can only send one march per village to be safe, or we can split if the game allows. Let's look at the previous turn's orders:
"envio [8]->[12]: ... pediu 2 cavaleiro, enviado 0"
"envio [6]->[7]: ... pediu 4 cavaleiro, enviado 2"
It seems they only sent one march per village.
Let's check if we can attack Burgos from Madrid, and Zaragoza from somewhere else?
Zaragoza [17] is connected to [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona.
The only friendly village connected to Zaragoza is Madrid [12]. (Teruel is enemy, others are unexplored/enemy).
So we can only attack Zaragoza from Madrid [12].
Burgos [14] is connected to [10] Vigo, [12] Madrid, [19] Pamplona.
The only friendly village connected to Burgos is Madrid [12].
So Madrid is the only gateway to both Burgos and Zaragoza.
If we can only send one march from Madrid, we have to choose one, or split the troops if allowed.
Let's think: is splitting allowed?
"Each village you hold produces resources every turn... Cap per village: when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building... Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up..."
Usually, you can send any number of troops up to the available amount from a village to one destination. If you want to send to two destinations, you might need to split. But in standard Diplomacy/strategy games, you can only give one move order per unit, but here troops are a collective. The prompt says: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 6 archer, 0 knight". This suggests we can choose how many of them to send. If we can choose, can we choose to send 3 to A and 3 to B?
Let's look at the JSON schema: `"movements": [ {"fromId": <id>, "toId": <id>, "troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}} ]`.
It's a list. There is no constraint in the schema that `fromId` must be unique. So technically we can write two movements from the same `fromId`.
But will the game engine accept it? If it's a text-based game, the parser might just process each movement sequentially, deducting the troops from the source village. If the source village has 6 archers, and we order 3 to A and 3 to B, it will deduct 3 for the first, leaving 3, then deduct 3 for the second, leaving 0. This is perfectly logical and implementable.
However, to be absolutely safe and avoid any potential issues with the engine rejecting duplicate `fromId` or unexpected behavior, we could just attack one of them this turn, and the other next turn. But wait! If we don't attack Zaragoza this turn, the enemy might reinforce it or do something else. But Zaragoza only has 1 knight, defense 3. It's extremely weak. The enemy is unlikely to reinforce it much, or if they do, it's still weak.
Actually, let's look at the enemy's possible moves. The enemy is King B. They attacked Cordoba [11] and Madrid [12] last turn. They might be focusing on the south/east.
Let's look at the front line.
We have:
- Porto [6] facing Vigo [10] (defense 30).
- Toledo [8] facing Cordoba [11] (defense 10) and Teruel [13] (defense 55).
- Sevilha [9] facing Cordoba [11] (defense 10).
- Madrid [12] facing Burgos [14] (defense 5) and Zaragoza [17] (defense 3).

If we attack Cordoba [11] from Toledo [8] with a large force, we can take it.
If we attack Burgos [14] from Madrid [12] with some troops, we can take it.
If we attack Zaragoza [17] from Madrid [12] with some troops, we can take it.
Can we do all three?
Let's check the troops available:
- Toledo [8]: 4 spearman, 9 archer, 2 knight. We can send, say, 4 spearman, 9 archer, 2 knight to Cordoba [11]. That's 15 troops. Attack = 4*1 + 9*2 + 2*4 = 30. Defense 10. Easy win.
- Madrid [12]: 6 archer. We can send 3 archers to Burgos [14] and 3 archers to Zaragoza [17]. Or we can send all 6 to Burgos [14] this turn, and next turn send to Zaragoza. Or we can send all 6 to Zaragoza, and next turn to Burgos.
Wait, if we send 6 archers to Burgos [14], attack = 12. Defense 5. Win.
If we send 6 archers to Zaragoza [17], attack = 12. Defense 3. Win.
Is there any other village that can attack Burgos or Zaragoza? No.
So we have to choose which one to attack from Madrid, or split.
Let's look at the road network again.
Madrid [12] connects to [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza.
Salamanca [7] is mine! It has 5 spearman, 8 archer, 1 knight.
Can Salamanca [7] march to Madrid [12] to reinforce, and then from Madrid attack? No, marching takes turns. Salamanca to Madrid is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns (according to the road network: [7] Salamanca connects to [12] Madrid).
Wait, the report says:
`[7] Salamanca ... from here to your nearest border village [6] Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns`
But the road network says:
`[7] Salamanca (yours): [3], [4], [6], [12]`
So Salamanca connects directly to Madrid [12]!
Let's check the march distance from Salamanca to Madrid.
Since they are directly connected, the march time would be 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Can we send troops from Salamanca [7] to Madrid [12] this turn, and then from Madrid [12] attack Burgos or Zaragoza?
No, because the troops from Salamanca would arrive at Madrid next turn (or in 1 turn). They cannot attack from Madrid this turn because they are not there yet.
But we can send troops from Salamanca [7] to Madrid [12] as reinforcements for next turn.
And we can use the existing troops in Madrid [12] to attack one of the targets this turn.
Let's see: Madrid has 6 archers. We can send them to attack Burgos [14] or Zaragoza [17].
Which one is more dangerous or strategic?
Zaragoza [17] is closer to the enemy capital Barcelona [22] and other unexplored villages like Pamplona [19], Huesca [20], Tarragona [21].
Burgos [14] is closer to Vigo [10] and Pamplona [19].
If we take Zaragoza, we open a path towards the east (Tarragona, Barcelona).
If we take Burgos, we open a path towards the north (Pamplona, Vigo).
Actually, looking at the map, Madrid [12] is a hub. From Madrid, we can go to Burgos [14] (north-west) or Zaragoza [17] (north-east).
Let's look at the enemy's known garrisons:
- [13] Teruel: 3 spearman, 12 archer, 7 knights (defense 55). This is a very strong fortress! We should not attack it yet.
- [11] Cordoba: 1 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight (defense 10). Very weak. We should definitely attack it!
- [10] Vigo: 3 spearman, 7 archer, 2 knights (defense 30). Moderately strong, but we can't reach it easily without taking Burgos first, or we can attack from Porto [6] if we reinforce Porto. But Porto is connected to Vigo [10]. We can attack Vigo from Porto. But currently Porto has 2 spearman, 5 archer, 4 knight. Attack = 28, defense 30. We need more troops in Porto.
How can we reinforce Porto?
Porto [6] is connected to Coimbra [3], Salamanca [7], Vigo [10].
Coimbra [3] has 15 archer, 4 knight.
Salamanca [7] has 5 spearman, 8 archer, 1 knight.
We can send troops from Coimbra [3] to Porto [6] (1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns) and from Salamanca [7] to Porto [6] (1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns).
If we send reinforcements to Porto, next turn Porto will have more troops, and we can attack Vigo [10].
But this turn, we should focus on the easy wins: Cordoba [11], Burgos [14], Zaragoza [17].

Let's plan the attacks for this turn:
1. Attack [11] Cordoba from [8] Toledo.
   Troops available in Toledo: 4 spearman, 9 archer, 2 knight.
   Let's send all of them: 4 spearman, 9 archer, 2 knight.
   Attack = 30. Defense 10. Win.
   Wait, do we want to send all of them? If we send all, Toledo will be empty. Is that safe?
   Toledo is a border village facing Cordoba [11] and Teruel [13]. If we empty Toledo, what if the enemy attacks Toledo?
   The enemy in Cordoba [11] has only 1 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. They can't attack Toledo because Toledo is ours. But if we attack Cordoba, the enemy army in Cordoba will be destroyed (since we are attacking them). Wait, does the enemy get to counter-attack?
   "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs... The LOSER is destroyed entirely - this includes an attacker that fails against a village. The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force... A defender that holds its village loses troops the same way."
   So if we attack Cordoba, the defender (Cordoba's garrison) is destroyed entirely. They do not get to counter-attack us. The battle is resolved instantly when our army arrives.
   But what about other enemy villages? Teruel [13] is connected to Toledo [8]. Teruel has 3 spearman, 12 archer, 7 knights (defense 55). If we leave Toledo empty, could Teruel attack Toledo this turn?
   The enemy writes their orders at the same time as us, over the same snapshot. So they don't know we are emptying Toledo. But even if they did, they would need to march from Teruel to Toledo. Teruel is connected to Toledo [8]. March time: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So they could attack Toledo this turn if they ordered it. But Toledo is ours, so they would be attacking our village. If we leave it empty, they would arrive and conquer it!
   So we should NOT leave Toledo completely empty if there is a risk of attack from Teruel.
   But wait, Teruel has 55 defense. It's a very strong village. The enemy might not want to attack Toledo because Toledo has 38 defense (effective). But if we leave it empty, its defense is 0? No, the village still has its location bonus, but no troops. So its effective defense would be just the location bonus? "effective defense (location bonus included): 38". Wait, the 38 already includes the location bonus and the troops?
   Let's check how effective defense is calculated.
   "effective defense (location bonus included): 38 | troops at home: 15"
   If we have 15 troops, their defense values are added to the location bonus.
   Let's calculate: Toledo has 4 spearman (def 2 each = 8), 9 archer (def 2 each = 18), 2 knight (def 2 each = 4). Total troop defense = 8 + 18 + 4 = 30.
   Location bonus for castle/village: "Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital)."
   If Toledo is a village, base defense of troops = 30. With 1.25 bonus, effective defense = 30 * 1.25 = 37.5 ~ 38.
   So the effective defense 38 includes the troops!
   If we send all troops away, the troop defense becomes 0, so effective defense becomes 0 (or just the location bonus of the empty village? Usually, an empty village has no defense unless it has terrain bonus, but without troops, defense is 0).
   So if we empty Toledo, it becomes extremely vulnerable to attack from Teruel [13] or Cordoba [11] (if we don't take it).
   But we are attacking Cordoba [11] this turn, so Cordoba's garrison will be destroyed. But Teruel [13] is still there, and it's connected to Toledo. The enemy could attack Toledo from Teruel.
   To be safe, we should leave some troops in Toledo to defend it, or we can send reinforcements from somewhere else.
   But we can also just leave a few troops. For example, send 4 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight to Cordoba, leaving 4 archer, 1 knight in Toledo.
   Let's calculate the attack of 4 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight:
   Attack = 4*1 + 5*2 + 1*4 = 4 + 10 + 4 = 18. Defense of Cordoba is 10. 18 > 10, we still win easily!
   And we leave 4 archer, 1 knight in Toledo. Their defense = 4*2 + 1*2 = 10. With 1.25 bonus, effective defense = 12.5. Not huge, but better than 0.
   Actually, can we send reinforcements to Toledo from somewhere?
   Badajoz [4] is connected to Toledo [8] (1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns). But they would arrive next turn.
   So this turn, we should leave a small garrison in Toledo.

Let's look at Madrid [12]. It faces Burgos [14] and Zaragoza [17].
Madrid has 6 archers. If we send them to attack, Madrid becomes empty.
Madrid is connected to Salamanca [7], Toledo [8], Burgos [14], Zaragoza [17].
Salamanca and Toledo are ours, so they protect Madrid from the west/south.
But Burgos and Zaragoza are enemy. If we empty Madrid, the enemy could attack Madrid from Burgos or Zaragoza.
Burgos has 1 archer, 1 knight (defense 5). Zaragoza has 1 knight (defense 3). They are very weak, so they probably won't attack. But they could!
To be safe, we can leave some troops in Madrid, or we can send reinforcements from Salamanca [7] or Toledo [8] to Madrid this turn, but they arrive next turn.
So this turn, we should leave at least some troops in Madrid if we don't attack both. But if we attack one, we can use some troops and leave the rest.
For example, we can send 3 archers to Burgos [14], leaving 3 archers in Madrid.
Attack of 3 archers = 6. Defense of Burgos = 5. 6 > 5, we win!
And we leave 3 archers in Madrid for defense.
Then Zaragoza [17] is not attacked this turn. That's fine, we can attack it next turn, or we can split the 6 archers: 3 to Burgos, 3 to Zaragoza.
Let's see if splitting is allowed. If we split, we send 3 archers to Burgos and 3 archers to Zaragoza. Both attacks will succeed (6 vs 5, and 6 vs 3). And Madrid becomes empty. But since both Burgos and Zaragoza are attacked this turn, their garrisons will be destroyed, so they cannot counter-attack Madrid! The only risk is if there is another enemy village connected to Madrid that can attack it. Looking at the road network, Madrid is only connected to Salamanca [7] (mine), Toledo [8] (mine), Burgos [14] (enemy), Zaragoza [17] (enemy). So if we attack both Burgos and Zaragoza this turn, no enemy village can attack Madrid because the only two enemy neighbors are being attacked and their garrisons will be destroyed (or they are the attackers, but if they are attackers, they march out, so they are not in the village to defend it? Wait, if they march out, they leave their village. But if we attack their village, they defend it. If they also march to attack Madrid, that's a different order. But we are attacking them, so their garrison is destroyed).
Actually, if we split the troops, we attack both. Is there any downside to splitting?
If the engine doesn't support splitting, the orders might fail or only one will execute. To be safe, let's NOT split. Let's attack Burgos [14] with 3 archers, and
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
########## TURNO 20 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4331 | resposta 40900 | raciocinio 33812 | finish stop | ms 400422
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 15, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 14, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 11, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 10, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 22, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 4, \"knight\": 4}},\n    {\"fromId\": 21, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 6}},\n    {\"fromId\": 21, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 20, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 20, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 23, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 3}},\n    {\"fromId\": 19, \"toId\": 14, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 16, \"toId\": 11, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 18, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 15, \"toId\": 9, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 5, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 15, \"toId\": 11, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 11, \"toId\": 9, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 1}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Reinforce border villages and attack Madrid and Sevilha. Send knights from Tarragona/Huesca to Madrid, archers from Murcia/Cordoba to Sevilha. Reinforce Zaragoza, Burgos, Cordoba, Teruel. Build troops everywhere. Next turn, assess results and plan further expansion to reach 18 villages.\",\n  \"statement\": \"We have strengthened our borders and launched a pincer attack on Madrid and Sevilha. Our knights strike at Madrid while our archers overwhelm Sevilha. We have also built up our army for the push to 18 villages. The enemy may try to counterattack, but our strengthened garrisons should hold.\"\n}"
raciocinio: We are King B. We have 13 villages. We need to hold 18 of 24 for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.
Currently hold 13 of 24.
Enemy capital is [0] Lisboa, not required to win.
Enemy is King A. We see some enemy villages: [12] Madrid, [8] Toledo, [6] Porto, [9] Sevilha. Also known from before: [7] Salamanca (ours), [4] Badajoz (enemy), [3] Coimbra (enemy). Unexplored: [5] Faro, [1] Santarem, [0] Lisboa, [2] Evora.

Our villages:
[22] Barcelona: 21 troops (6 spear, 9 archer, 6 knight) - capital, interior.
[21] Tarragona: 16 troops (0 spear, 8 archer, 8 knight) - interior.
[23] Girona: 19 troops (10 spear, 3 archer, 6 knight) - interior.
[18] Castellon: 4 troops (0 spear, 1 archer, 3 knight) - interior.
[17] Zaragoza: 1 troop (1 knight) - border with [12] Madrid (enemy).
[20] Huesca: 11 troops (0 spear, 7 archer, 4 knight) - interior.
[16] Valencia: 8 troops (1 spear, 4 archer, 3 knight) - interior.
[13] Teruel: 22 troops (3 spear, 12 archer, 7 knight) - border with [8] Toledo (enemy).
[15] Murcia: 12 troops (1 spear, 7 archer, 4 knight) - interior.
[19] Pamplona: 4 troops (0 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight) - interior.
[14] Burgos: 2 troops (0 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight) - border with [12] Madrid (enemy).
[11] Cordoba: 4 troops (1 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight) - border with [8], [9] (enemy).
[10] Vigo: 12 troops (3 spear, 7 archer, 2 knight) - border with [6] Porto (enemy).

Enemy villages we can see:
[12] Madrid: 6 archers, defense 15 (was 30). March from [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns.
[8] Toledo: 4 spearmen, 9 archers, 2 knights, defense 38. March from [11] Cordoba: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns.
[6] Porto: 2 spearmen, 5 archers, 4 knights, defense 28. March from [10] Vigo: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns.
[9] Sevilha: 4 spearmen, 2 knights, defense 15. March from [11] Cordoba: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns.

Known from before:
[7] Salamanca: ours, garrison was 3 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight. March from [10] Vigo: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns.
[4] Badajoz: enemy, garrison was 4 spear, 14 archers. March from [11] Cordoba: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns.
[3] Coimbra: enemy, garrison was 15 archers, 2 knights. March from [10] Vigo: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns.

Road network:
[0] Lisboa: [1], [2]
[1] Santarem: [0], [3], [4]
[2] Evora: [0], [5]
[3] Coimbra: [1], [6], [7]
[4] Badajoz: [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]
[5] Faro: [2], [4], [9]
[6] Porto: [3], [7], [10]
[7] Salamanca: [3], [4], [6], [12]
[8] Toledo: [4], [11], [12], [13]
[9] Sevilha: [4], [5], [11]
[10] Vigo: [6], [14]
[11] Cordoba: [8], [9], [15]
[12] Madrid: [7], [8], [14], [17]
[13] Teruel: [8], [16], [17], [18]
[14] Burgos: [10], [12], [19]
[15] Murcia: [11], [16]
[16] Valencia: [13], [15], [18]
[17] Zaragoza: [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]
[18] Castellon: [13], [16], [21]
[19] Pamplona: [14], [17], [20]
[20] Huesca: [17], [19], [23]
[21] Tarragona: [17], [18], [22]
[22] Barcelona: [21], [23]
[23] Girona: [20], [22]

We have no armies on march. Enemy has none sighted.

Last turn:
- King A attacked [12] Madrid: VICTORY, conquered. So Madrid was enemy, now conquered by King A? Wait, Madrid was enemy (King A). King A attacked Madrid and conquered it. That means King A was attacking their own village? Or maybe Madrid was neutral? No, it says ENEMY (King A). So King A attacked Madrid and conquered it. That implies Madrid was held by someone else? Or maybe it was a misprint? Actually, the log says: "King A attacked [12] Madrid: VICTORY, conquered". If Madrid was King A's village, they wouldn't attack it. So maybe Madrid was neutral or another enemy? But the report says Madrid is ENEMY (King A). So perhaps it was a different King? Or maybe it's a typo in the log? Let's read carefully: "King A attacked [12] Madrid: VICTORY, conquered" - but we see Madrid is ENEMY (King A). So maybe King A attacked and conquered it from someone else? But it's their own village. That doesn't make sense. Perhaps the log means that King A attacked Madrid (which was held by us? No, we didn't hold it). Wait, the log says: "You attacked [11] Cordoba: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 4 troops)". So we conquered Cordoba. "Your reinforcement (1 spearman, 3 archers, 2 knights) arrived at [15] Murcia". "You attacked [12] Madrid: DEFEAT (your army was lost)" twice. So we attacked Madrid twice and lost. Then "King A attacked [12] Madrid: VICTORY, conquered". That suggests Madrid was maybe neutral? But the report says Madrid is ENEMY (King A). Possibly the log is from the perspective of the enemy? Actually, the log says "King A attacked [12] Madrid: VICTORY, conquered". If Madrid was King A's, they wouldn't attack it. So maybe Madrid was held by a third party? Or maybe the log is wrong? Let's assume Madrid is currently under King A's control, and they conquered it from someone else (maybe it was neutral or we misread). But the report says Madrid is ENEMY (King A) with garrison 6 archers, defense 15. So it's an enemy village. The log says King A conquered it. That might mean it was neutral before? But the report says it's enemy. So it's consistent: it's enemy now. The log might be from previous turns? Actually, the log says "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" - so last turn, King A attacked Madrid and conquered it. If Madrid was already King A's, that's impossible. So perhaps Madrid was not King A's before? But the report says it is King A's. So maybe the log is from the perspective of King A? No, it says "King A attacked [12] Madrid: VICTORY, conquered". That implies King A was the attacker. If Madrid was King A's, they wouldn't attack. So maybe Madrid was neutral? But the report says ENEMY (King A). So it's enemy. Perhaps the log means that King A attacked Madrid (which was held by us?) No, we didn't hold it. We attacked Madrid twice and lost. So Madrid was enemy. Then King A attacked Madrid? That would be attacking their own village. Unless King A is not the only enemy? There might be multiple kings. But the report says "ENEMY (King A)". So it's King A's. Maybe the log is from a different perspective? Actually, the log says "King A attacked [12] Madrid: VICTORY, conquered". It could be that King A was attacking a neutral village and conquered it, and now it's their garrison. But the report says it's enemy. So it's consistent: it's now King A's village. The garrison is 6 archers, defense 15. So it's a weak village now. Previously it might have been stronger (was 30, 5 turns ago). So it's been weakened.

We need to plan. Our goal: hold 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate all enemy villages. We have 13. We need 5 more. Enemy villages we can see: Madrid (12), Toledo (8), Porto (6), Sevilha (9). Known enemy: Badajoz (4), Coimbra (3). Unexplored: Faro (5), Santarem (1), Lisboa (0), Evora (2). Total enemy villages: we see 6 known, plus 4 unexplored = 10? But total map has 24 villages. We have 13, so enemy has 11? Actually, 24 total. We have 13. So enemy has 11. But we only see 6 named enemy (12,8,6,9,4,3) plus 4 unexplored (5,1,0,2) = 10. So there is one more enemy village? Let's count: our 13: 22,21,23,18,17,20,16,13,15,19,14,11,10. That's 13. Enemy seen: 12,8,6,9,4,3. That's 6. Unexplored: 5,1,0,2. That's 4. Total 13+6+4=23. Missing one? Let's list all IDs from 0 to 23: 0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15,16,17,18,19,20,21,22,23. That's 24. Our villages: 10,11,13,14,15,16,17,18,19,20,21,22,23. That's 13. Enemy seen: 12,8,6,9,4,3. That's 6. Known from before: 7 is ours (Salamanca). So 7 is ours. That makes 14? Wait, Salamanca [7] is listed as "YOUR VILLAGES"? No, it's under "KNOWN FROM BEFORE" and says "last seen on turn 19: YOURS". So it is ours. But it's not in the "YOUR VILLAGES" list above? Let's check: "YOUR VILLAGES (13)" lists 13 villages. It includes [10] Vigo, [11] Cordoba, [13] Teruel, [14] Burgos, [15] Murcia, [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona, [23] Girona. That's 13. But [7] Salamanca is not in that list. It says "last seen on turn 19 (1 turn ago): YOURS". So it was ours last turn. But now it's not in our villages? Did we lose it? Or is it just out of sight? The report says "YOUR VILLAGES (13)" and lists 13. So we currently have 13 villages. Salamanca is not among them. That means we lost it? Or maybe it's a mistake? The log says we conquered Cordoba last turn. We attacked Cordoba and conquered it. So Cordoba was enemy, now ours. That adds one. But we also lost some? The log says we attacked Madrid twice and lost armies, but didn't lose villages. So how did we lose Salamanca? Maybe Salamanca was conquered by the enemy? The log doesn't say. But the report says "YOUR VILLAGES (13)" and doesn't include Salamanca. So we must have lost it. Or maybe it's just not listed because it's out of sight? But the report says "YOUR VILLAGES" are those we hold. So we hold 13. Salamanca is not held. So it's either enemy or neutral. Since it was ours last turn, it must have been conquered. But the log doesn't mention it. Possibly the enemy attacked it. We don't see it now because it's out of sight. So we need to be careful.

Let's recount: Our 13 villages are the ones listed. So we have 13. Enemy has the rest: 11 villages. We see 6 enemy villages (12,8,6,9,4,3). Unexplored: 5,1,0,2. That's 4. Total enemy known/possible: 10. So there is 1 more enemy village? Actually, 13+6+4=23. Missing one: Salamanca [7] is not in our list, not in seen enemy, not in unexplored. So it must be enemy now, but we don't see it. So enemy has 7 known/unknown? Let's list all IDs and status:
0: unexplored (enemy capital)
1: unexplored
2: unexplored
3: enemy (Coimbra)
4: enemy (Badajoz)
5: unexplored
6: enemy (Porto)
7: ? (was ours, now not in our list, so likely enemy or neutral, but not seen)
8: enemy (Toledo)
9: enemy (Sevilha)
10: ours (Vigo)
11: ours (Cordoba)
12: enemy (Madrid)
13: ours (Teruel)
14: ours (Burgos)
15: ours (Murcia)
16: ours (Valencia)
17: ours (Zaragoza)
18: ours (Castellon)
19: ours (Pamplona)
20: ours (Huesca)
21: ours (Tarragona)
22: ours (Barcelona)
23: ours (Girona)

So we have 13. Enemy has: 3,4,6,8,9,12 (6 seen) + 0,1,2,5 (4 unexplored) + 7 (likely enemy) = 11. That matches 24 total.

So Salamanca [7] is probably enemy now. We need to get it back or conquer more.

Our goal: hold 18 for 2 consecutive turns. We have 13. We need to conquer 5 more. We can attack enemy villages. We need to be careful about resources and troop production.

Let's assess our military strength. We have total 136 soldiers at home: 25 spearman, 64 archer, 47 knight. We can send troops from various villages. We need to decide where to attack.

Enemy villages we can reach easily:
- Madrid [12]: from Zaragoza [17] (1 turn), Burgos [14] (1 turn? Burgos to Madrid: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast? Actually, road: [14] Burgos connects to [10] Vigo, [12] Madrid, [19] Pamplona. So from Burgos to Madrid is 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns? The report says for Burgos: "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" but that's not correct; Burgos to Zaragoza is not direct. Actually, the report gives march distances from each village to its nearest border village. For Burgos, it says nearest border village is [17] Zaragoza? That seems odd because Burgos connects to Madrid and Vigo. But maybe the report is just giving a generic distance? Let's read: "[14] Burgos | BORDER with [12] (enemy) | ... from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That's confusing. Actually, the "nearest border village" might be the nearest of our villages that is on the border? But Burgos itself is a border village (with [12] enemy). So maybe the distance given is to another border village? The report says "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza". That might be a mistake in the report generation. We should use the road network to determine distances.

We need to compute travel times. The report gives travel times from each village to its nearest border village, but that's not necessarily the distance to attack targets. We need to know the distance from our villages to enemy villages.

Let's list connections:
[10] Vigo connects to [6] Porto (enemy) and [14] Burgos (ours).
[11] Cordoba connects to [8] Toledo (enemy), [9] Sevilha (enemy), [15] Murcia (ours).
[12] Madrid connects to [7] Salamanca (unknown), [8] Toledo (enemy), [14] Burgos (ours), [17] Zaragoza (ours).
[13] Teruel connects to [8] Toledo (enemy), [16] Valencia (ours), [17] Zaragoza (ours), [18] Castellon (ours).
[14] Burgos connects to [10] Vigo (ours), [12] Madrid (enemy), [19] Pamplona (ours).
[15] Murcia connects to [11] Cordoba (ours), [16] Valencia (ours).
[16] Valencia connects to [13] Teruel (ours), [15] Murcia (ours), [18] Castellon (ours).
[17] Zaragoza connects to [12] Madrid (enemy), [13] Teruel (ours), [19] Pamplona (ours), [20] Huesca (ours), [21] Tarragona (ours).
[18] Castellon connects to [13] Teruel (ours), [16] Valencia (ours), [21] Tarragona (ours).
[19] Pamplona connects to [14] Burgos (ours), [17] Zaragoza (ours), [20] Huesca (ours).
[20] Huesca connects to [17] Zaragoza (ours), [19] Pamplona (ours), [23] Girona (ours).
[21] Tarragona connects to [17] Zaragoza (ours), [18] Castellon (ours), [22] Barcelona (ours).
[22] Barcelona connects to [21] Tarragona (ours), [23] Girona (ours).
[23] Girona connects to [20] Huesca (ours), [22] Barcelona (ours).

Enemy villages:
[6] Porto: connects to [3] Coimbra (enemy), [7] Salamanca (unknown), [10] Vigo (ours).
[8] Toledo: connects to [4] Badajoz (enemy), [11] Cordoba (ours), [12] Madrid (enemy), [13] Teruel (ours).
[9] Sevilha: connects to [4] Badajoz (enemy), [5] Faro (unexplored), [11] Cordoba (ours).
[12] Madrid: connects to [7] Salamanca (unknown), [8] Toledo (enemy), [14] Burgos (ours), [17] Zaragoza (ours).
[3] Coimbra: connects to [1] Santarem (unexplored), [6] Porto (enemy), [7] Salamanca (unknown).
[4] Badajoz: connects to [1] Santarem (unexplored), [5] Faro (unexplored), [7] Salamanca (unknown), [8] Toledo (enemy), [9] Sevilha (enemy).

Unexplored:
[0] Lisboa: [1], [2]
[1] Santarem: [0], [3], [4]
[2] Evora: [0], [5]
[5] Faro: [2], [4], [9]

Unknown: [7] Salamanca.

We need to decide on attacks. We want to conquer enemy villages to reach 18. We have 13. We need 5 more. Possible targets: Madrid (12) is weak (defense 15, 6 archers). Toledo (8) is stronger (defense 38, 4 spear, 9 archer, 2 knight). Sevilha (9) is weak (defense 15, 4 spear, 2 knight). Porto (6) is medium (defense 28, 2 spear, 5 archer, 4 knight). Badajoz (4) is strong? Last seen: 4 spear, 14 archers, defense unknown. Coimbra (3) last seen: 15 archers, 2 knights. Salamanca (7) unknown.

We also need to consider that we can send reinforcements to our own villages to build up garrisons. But we need to attack enemy villages.

Let's evaluate our troop availability per village. We can send troops from any village to any other village along roads. But troops from different villages fight separately if they arrive at the same target on the same turn. So we need to coordinate attacks so that we hit the same target from multiple villages on the same turn? Actually, the rules say: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if we send from two villages to the same enemy village on the same turn, they will fight separately, one after the other. That means the defender gets to fight each wave separately. That's bad because the defender's garrison will be intact for the first wave, and then the second wave fights the remaining? Actually, the rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So if we send armies from different villages to the same target, they will arrive and fight one at a time. The defender's garrison will fight the first wave, then the second wave fights the survivor? Actually, the combat is simultaneous per wave? The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So they are sequential. That means the defender's garrison will be fully present for each wave? Or does the garrison get depleted? The rule says: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So if the first wave wins, it takes losses, and the defender's garrison also takes losses. Then the second wave fights the remaining garrison? But the rule says "each send fights alone, one at a time." It doesn't specify if the defender's garrison is refreshed between waves. Typically, in such games, the garrison is the same, so it would be depleted. But the rule says "The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival." So the defense might change if the garrison is rebuilt? But garrison is not rebuilt during combat. So if we send multiple waves, the first wave will reduce the garrison, making subsequent waves easier. However, the rule "each send fights alone, one at a time" might mean that they don't combine forces, but they still fight the same garrison sequentially. That could be advantageous if we can overwhelm the garrison with multiple waves. But we need to be careful: if the first wave loses, it's destroyed, and the garrison is unaffected? Actually, if the attacker loses, the attacker's army is destroyed, and the defender takes no losses? The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So the loser is destroyed entirely? "The losing army is destroyed entirely; the winner takes losses and keeps marching." So if the attacker loses, the attacker's army is destroyed, and the defender takes losses? Wait: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER. The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So both sides take losses? Actually, it says "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." That implies the winner takes losses equal to some proportion of the loser's force? But then it says "The losing army is destroyed entirely". So the loser is completely destroyed, and the winner takes some losses. So if we attack and lose, our army is destroyed, and the defender takes losses? That would mean the defender's garrison is reduced even if they win? That seems odd. Let's read carefully: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER. The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force). The losing army is destroyed entirely; the winner takes losses and keeps marching." So the winner takes losses, but the loser is destroyed entirely. So the winner survives with reduced numbers. So if we attack and lose, our army is destroyed, and the defender (winner) takes losses? That would mean the defender's garrison is reduced. But then the defender wins and keeps the village. So even if we lose, we might weaken the defender. That could be useful for subsequent attacks. But the report says "You attacked [12] Madrid: DEFEAT (your army was lost)" twice. So we lost armies, but Madrid's defense went from 30 to 15 over 5 turns. That might be due to our attacks? Or due to neutral hardening? Actually, neutral villages harden every 5 turns, but Madrid is enemy, not neutral. So enemy villages don't harden. So why did Madrid's defense drop? Maybe because we killed some troops in our failed attacks? The log says we attacked and lost, but maybe we still inflicted losses. So it's possible that even a losing attack reduces the defender's numbers.

So we can potentially weaken a village by repeatedly attacking it with small forces, then finish it off. But we need to be efficient.

We need to decide on a strategy. We have 13 villages. We need 18. We can try to conquer some easy targets. Sevilha [9] has defense 15, 4 spear, 2 knight. That's weak. We can attack from Cordoba [11] (1 turn). Cordoba has 4 troops (1 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight). That's not much. We can send more from other villages? But Cordoba is our closest. We can also send from Murcia [15] to Cordoba to reinforce, then attack? But reinforcing takes turns. We can send troops directly from other villages to Sevilha? Let's check distances: From Cordoba to Sevilha is 1 turn (1 slow/1 medium/1 fast). From Murcia to Sevilha: Murcia connects to Cordoba (1 turn) and Valencia (1 turn). So Murcia to Sevilha would go through Cordoba? Actually, road: [15] Murcia to [11] Cordoba to [9] Sevilha. So distance is 2 turns? The report says for Murcia: "from here to your nearest border village [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So Murcia to Cordoba is 1 turn. Then Cordoba to Sevilha is 1 turn. So total 2 turns. But if we send from Murcia to Sevilha, they will march along the road. They will stop at the first non-owned village. If they go Murcia -> Cordoba (ours) -> Sevilha (enemy), they will pass through Cordoba (ours) so they won't stop there. They will reach Sevilha and fight. So travel time is 2 turns? But the speed: mixed army moves at slowest. So we need to know the actual travel time in turns. The report gives travel times per speed: e.g., "march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns". But for our villages, it only gives distance to nearest border village. We need to infer distances from the road network. Since the map is small, we can assume each edge is 1 turn for fast, maybe 2 for slow? Actually, the report says for Zaragoza to Madrid: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That suggests the distance is such that slow takes 1 turn, medium 1, fast 1. So it's a 1-turn march for all speeds? That can't be right because slow is slower. Usually, slow troops take longer. But the report says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" meaning that for a slow army it takes 1 turn, for medium 1 turn, for fast 1 turn? That would mean the distance is 1 unit, so all speeds take 1 turn. But then why differentiate? Maybe it means the number of turns for each speed type: e.g., "5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns" means that a slow army takes 5 turns, medium takes 3, fast takes 2. So for Zaragoza to Madrid, it's "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" meaning all take 1 turn? That would be a very short distance. But then for Zaragoza to its nearest border village, it says "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Barcelona to Zaragoza? Actually, for Barcelona: "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So that distance takes 2 turns for slow, 1 for medium/fast. So the distance is 2 "slow units". So we can use these numbers to estimate travel times between other villages by summing the slow-turns along the path? But we don't have the exact distances for all edges. We need to infer from the given data.

Let's list the given march distances from each village to its nearest border village. These are likely the distances to the closest enemy or border village? Actually, the report says: "from here to your nearest border village [x]: ...". For interior villages, it gives distance to the nearest border village (which is one of ours that is on the border). For border villages, it might give distance to another border village? Let's see:

[22] Barcelona: nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
[21] Tarragona: nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
[23] Girona: nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
[18] Castellon: nearest border village [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
[17] Zaragoza: nearest border village [17] Zaragoza? It says "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" but that's itself? That must be a mistake. Actually, for Zaragoza, it says: "[17] Zaragoza | BORDER with [12] (enemy) | ... from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That's nonsense. Maybe it means to another border village? But it says [17] Zaragoza. Probably a bug. We can ignore.
[20] Huesca: nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
[16] Valencia: nearest border village [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
[13] Teruel: nearest border village [13] Teruel? It says "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" but it's itself. Again bug.
[15] Murcia: nearest border village [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
[19] Pamplona: nearest border village [14] Burgos: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
[14] Burgos: nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
[11] Cordoba: nearest border village [11] Cordoba? It says "from here to your nearest border village [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" but itself.
[10] Vigo: nearest border village [10] Vigo? It says "from here to your nearest border village [10] Vigo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".

So the distances are inconsistent. We need to use the road network to estimate. Since the map is small, we can assume each road segment is 1 turn for fast, maybe 2 for slow? But the given numbers show that some segments take 1 turn for all, some take 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So the distance in "tiles" might be 1 or 2. Let's look at the road network: Barcelona to Tarragona: [22] to [21] is a road? Actually, [22] Barcelona connects to [21] Tarragona and [23] Girona. So Barcelona to Tarragona is one edge. The report says Barcelona to Zaragoza is 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. But Zaragoza is not directly connected to Barcelona; the path is Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza? Or Barcelona -> Girona -> Huesca -> Zaragoza? Let's see: Tarragona connects to Zaragoza. So Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza is two edges. That would be distance 2. So 2 slow turns means each edge takes 1 slow turn? Actually, if each edge takes 1 slow turn, then two edges take 2 slow turns. For medium/fast, they might take 1 turn per edge? But the report says 1 medium/1 fast turn for the same distance. So medium and fast troops can traverse 2 edges in 1 turn? That would mean they move 2 edges per turn? That seems too fast. Alternatively, the numbers might be the number of turns to reach that specific border village, not per edge. So from Barcelona to Zaragoza, a slow army takes 2 turns, medium takes 1, fast takes 1. That implies the distance is 2 "slow units", and medium/fast are twice as fast. So medium/fast cover 2 units per turn, slow covers 1 unit per turn. So if we want to go from Barcelona to Madrid: path Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> Madrid. That's 3 edges. Slow would take 3 turns? Medium/fast might take 2 turns? Because they can cover 2 units per turn? Actually, if distance is 3, slow takes 3, medium takes 2 (since they move 2 per turn? But 3/2=1.5, so maybe 2 turns), fast takes 2? Or maybe they all move at different speeds but the same distance per turn? Let's think: In many strategy games, each tile is 1 turn for all, but different speeds affect combat? No, here speed affects movement: "Each troop type has a speed: spearman (slow), archer (medium), knight (fast). A MIXED army marches at the speed of its SLOWEST troop. The report shows travel time per speed (e.g. 'march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns')." So the travel time is given for each speed. So if a distance is 5 slow turns, that means a slow army takes 5 turns, medium takes 3, fast takes 2. So the ratio is roughly slow:medium:fast = 5:3:2. So for a given distance, the number of turns depends on the speed. So we need to know the distance in "slow turn units". For example, if a path is 2 slow turns, then medium would take? If 2 slow turns, maybe medium takes 1 turn? Because 2 slow turns is a distance of 2. If medium speed is 1.5x? Actually, from the example: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast. So the distance is 5 slow-units. Medium takes 3 turns, fast takes 2. So medium speed is 5/3 ≈ 1.67 units per turn, fast is 2.5 units per turn. So for a distance of 2 slow-units, medium would take 2 / (5/3) = 6/5 = 1.2 turns, so maybe 2 turns? But the report gives integer turns. So we need to use the given numbers for known paths.

We have some known distances from the report:
- From [17] Zaragoza to [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So that distance is 1 slow-unit? Actually, if it's 1 slow turn, then medium and fast also take 1 turn. So that distance is very short.
- From [11] Cordoba to [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns? The report says for Cordoba: "march from [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to [8] Toledo? Actually, it says: "[11] Cordoba | BORDER with [8], [9] (enemy) | ... march from [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" but it doesn't specify to which village. It says "march from [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" under the enemy villages? Let's read: "[8] Toledo | ENEMY (King A) | ... march from [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So from Cordoba to Toledo is 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. Similarly, from Cordoba to Sevilha: "march from [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So both are 1 turn for all speeds.
- From [10] Vigo to [6] Porto: "march from [10] Vigo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So 1 turn.
- From [17] Zaragoza to [12] Madrid: 1 turn.
- From [11] Cordoba to [4] Badajoz: "march from [11] Cordoba: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So that distance is 2 slow-units? Medium/fast take 1 turn.
- From [10] Vigo to [3] Coimbra: "march from [10] Vigo: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".
- From [10] Vigo to [7] Salamanca: "march from [10] Vigo: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".
- From [17] Zaragoza to [17] Zaragoza? No.
- From [13] Teruel to [8] Toledo: "march from [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? Actually, the report for Teruel says: "march from [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" under [8] Toledo? Let's check: "[8] Toledo | ENEMY (King A) | ... march from [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". It doesn't list Teruel. But for [13] Teruel, it says: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" but that's to itself. Actually, under "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE", for [8] Toledo, it says "march from [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". It doesn't mention Teruel. But Teruel is connected to Toledo. So we need to infer.

It seems the report only gives march distances from the village that is the "nearest" to the target? Actually, for each enemy village in "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE", it gives the march distance from one of our villages. For Madrid, it's from Zaragoza. For Toledo, from Cordoba. For Porto, from Vigo. For Sevilha, from Cordoba. For known from before, it gives from Vigo to Salamanca, from Cordoba to Badajoz, from Vigo to Coimbra. So we don't have all distances.

We need to plan attacks. Let's focus on easy targets. Sevilha [9] has defense 15, 4 spear, 2 knight. That's very weak. We can attack from Cordoba [11] which has 4 troops (1 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight). That's not enough to defeat a defense of 15? Let's compute effective force. We need to understand combat.

Combat rules:
- Each troop type has ATTACK and DEFENSE.
 spearman: attack 1, defense 2.
 archer: attack 2, defense 2.
 knight: attack 4, defense 2.
- When attacking, attacker counts ATTACK, defender counts DEFENSE.
- Counter triangle: spearman counters knight (multiplies force by 1.5); archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. The most numerous type sets the counter matchup. Ties break in order spearman, archer, knight.
- Defending in a village: defense counts x1.25. In castle (capital): x1.5. Open field: no bonus.
- The side with higher effective force wins. Tie favors defender.
- Winner takes losses (attrition against loser's effective force). Loser destroyed entirely.

So to attack Sevilha, we send troops from Cordoba. Cordoba has: 1 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight. Attack power: spear attack 1, archer attack 2 each (total 4), knight attack 4. Total raw attack = 1+4+4 = 9. But we need to consider counter. The most numerous type in our army: we have 2 archers, 1 spear, 1 knight. So archers are most numerous. So our army's counter matchup is archer vs ? The defender's army: 4 spear, 2 knight. Most numerous is spear (4). So the matchup is archer vs spear. Archer counters spearman? Wait: "spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer." So archer counters spearman. So our archers counter their spearmen. That multiplies our force by 1.5. But how is the force calculated? It says: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So we need to compute an effective attack force. Is it total attack multiplied by 1.5 if we have the counter? Or is it per troop? The rule: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So we compare the most numerous type of attacker vs most numerous type of defender. If attacker's most numerous counters defender's most numerous, attacker's force is multiplied by 1.5. If defender's most numerous counters attacker's, defender gets x1.5? But the rule says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't specify if it's only for attacker or also for defender. But the rule is under "COMBAT RULES" and says "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle... Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So it seems the counter applies to the attacker if they have the counter. What about defender? The defender might also get a counter bonus? The rule doesn't explicitly say, but typically in such games, the counter applies to the side that has the counter. But the rule says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't specify attacker or defender. So if the defender's most numerous type counters the attacker's most numerous, does the defender get x1.5 to their defense? The rule is ambiguous. Let's read carefully: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So it seems the counter is a bonus that applies to "your force" if you have the counter. Since the paragraph is about attacking, it might be that the attacker gets the bonus if they counter the defender's most numerous type. But what if the defender counters the attacker? The rule doesn't say the defender gets a bonus. It only says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So if the attacker has the counter, they get x1.5. If the defender has the counter, do they get x1.5 to defense? It doesn't say. But later it says: "Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital)." So defense already gets a location bonus. The counter might be an additional bonus? The rule says "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): ... Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't specify attacker or defender, so it could apply to either. But since it's in the context of attacking, maybe it's only for the attacker. However, the example in the rules might clarify: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup" - so both armies have a most numerous type. The matchup is between them. If one side's type counters the other, that side gets the multiplier. So if attacker's most numerous counters defender's most numerous, attacker gets x1.5. If defender's most numerous counters attacker's, defender gets x1.5? But the rule says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So it's symmetric? But then it says "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins." So we need to compute effective force for both sides. Let's assume that the counter multiplier applies to the side that has the counter, regardless of attacker/defender. But the rule "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs." So attacker uses attack values, defender uses defense values. Then, if the attacker's most numerous type counters the defender's most numerous, the attacker's effective attack is multiplied by 1.5. If the defender's most numerous type counters the attacker's most numerous, the defender's effective defense is multiplied by 1.5? Or maybe the defender doesn't get the counter bonus because they are defending? The rule doesn't specify. Let's look at the example in the report: We attacked Madrid twice and lost. Madrid had 6 archers (most numerous). We sent what? We don't know. But we can try to deduce.

We need to make assumptions. Let's assume the counter applies to the side that has the counter, and it multiplies their effective force (attack for attacker, defense for defender). So if attacker counters defender, attacker's attack x1.5. If defender counters attacker, defender's defense x1.5. If no counter, no multiplier. Also, ties in most numerous break in order spearman, archer, knight. So if both have same number, the one with spearman gets priority? Actually, "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight" means that if both have the same count of their most numerous type, the type that is earlier in the order wins the tiebreaker for setting the matchup? Or it means that if there is a tie in the count of the most numerous types, the order is used to determine which type is considered most numerous? For example, if attacker has 5 archers and 5 knights, the most numerous is archer because archer comes before knight? That's what it means. So the most numerous type is determined by count, and ties are broken by the order spearman > archer > knight.

Now, for our attack on Sevilha from Cordoba:
Attacker (Cordoba): 1 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous: archer (2). So attacker's type is archer.
Defender (Sevilha): 4 spear, 2 knight. Most numerous: spear (4). So defender's type is spear.
Counter: archer counters spearman. So attacker has the counter. Attacker's effective attack = total attack x 1.5.
Total attack = 1*1 + 2*2 + 1*4 = 1+4+4 = 9. Effective attack = 9 * 1.5 = 13.5.
Defender's effective defense: base defense = 4*2 (spear) + 2*2 (knight) = 8+4=12. Location bonus: village x1.25 => 12 * 1.25 = 15. So effective defense = 15. (The report says effective defense 15, which matches.)
Attacker effective attack 13.5 vs defender effective defense 15. Attacker loses. So we would lose if we send all from Cordoba. But we can send more troops from other villages to reinforce Cordoba first, or send directly to Sevilha from other villages.

We need to gather a larger army. We can send troops from other villages to Cordoba to join its garrison, then attack. But sending to Cordoba takes turns. If we send from, say, Murcia to Cordoba, they will arrive in 1 turn (if fast) or more. Then next turn we can attack from Cordoba with the combined force. But the enemy might do something in between.

Alternatively, we can send troops directly to Sevilha from multiple villages on the same turn. They will fight sequentially. That might work if we can send enough to break through. But we need to consider travel times. If we send from Cordoba (1 turn) and from Murcia (2 turns? Murcia -> Cordoba -> Sevilha, but they won't stop at Cordoba because it's ours, so they go to Sevilha. Travel time: Murcia to Cordoba is 1 turn (1 slow/1 medium/1 fast), Cordoba to Sevilha is 1 turn. So total 2 turns for slow? Actually, if we send a mixed army from Murcia, the speed is the slowest. So if we send spearmen, it takes 2 slow turns? But the report says Murcia to Cordoba is 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So that segment is 1 turn for all. Then Cordoba to Sevilha is 1 turn for all. So total 2 turns for all? But if the army moves at the speed of the slowest, and the distance is 2 slow-units? Actually, the given numbers: "march from [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Sevilha means that from Cordoba to Sevilha, a slow army takes 1 turn. So the distance is 1 slow-unit. Murcia to Cordoba is also 1 slow-unit. So Murcia to Sevilha is 2 slow-units. A slow army would take 2 turns, medium would take? If 1 slow-unit takes 1 turn for medium? No, the report says for a given path, it gives the turns for each speed. For Murcia to Cordoba, it's 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So that path is 1 slow-unit, and medium and fast also take 1 turn. So medium and fast are not faster in terms of turns for that path; they also take 1 turn. So the speed only matters for longer distances? Actually, the example "5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns" shows that for a longer distance, different speeds take different turns. So for short distances (1 or 2 units), all speeds might take the same number of turns? That seems inconsistent. Let's think: The distance is measured in "tiles" or "roads". Each road segment has a length. The time to traverse depends on speed. The report gives the time for each speed for a specific journey. So for Murcia to Cordoba, it's 1 turn for all speeds. That means the distance is so short that even slow troops can cross it in 1 turn. For Cordoba to Sevilha, also 1 turn for all. So Murcia to Sevilha would be 2 turns for all? But if slow troops take 1 turn per segment, then 2 segments = 2 turns. Medium might also take 2 turns if the segments are short? But the example with 5/3/2 suggests that on longer distances, medium and fast are faster. So maybe the distance is not just the number of edges; each edge has a length, and the time depends on speed. The given numbers are the actual travel times from the report. So we should use those numbers for known paths. For unknown paths, we need to estimate.

We have the road network. We can compute the shortest path in terms of "slow turns" by assuming each edge has a certain slow-turn cost. But we don't know the costs. We can infer from the given data. For example, Barcelona to Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. The path is Barcelona - Tarragona - Zaragoza (2 edges). So 2 edges = 2 slow turns. So each edge is 1 slow turn. Then medium takes 1 turn for 2 edges? That would mean medium moves 2 edges per turn? But then for a 1-edge distance, medium would take 1 turn? Actually, if 2 edges take 1 medium turn, then medium speed is 2 edges per turn. Fast might be 2 edges per turn as well? But the report says 1 medium and 1 fast for the same 2-edge path. So both medium and fast take 1 turn. So they both cover 2 edges in 1 turn. Then for a 1-edge path, they would also take 1 turn? Because they can't take less than 1 turn. So for any path of 1 or 2 edges, medium and fast take 1 turn. For 3 edges, medium might take 2 turns? Let's check: Zaragoza to Madrid is 1 edge? Zaragoza connects to Madrid directly. So 1 edge. The report says 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So 1 edge = 1 slow turn, and medium/fast also 1 turn. So that fits: 1 edge = 1 turn for all. For 2 edges, slow takes 2 turns, medium/fast take 1 turn? But the report says Barcelona to Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. So yes, for 2 edges, slow takes 2, medium/fast take 1. So medium/fast are twice as fast as slow for multi-edge paths. So the rule is: each edge costs 1 turn for slow. For medium, each edge costs? If 2 edges cost 1 turn for medium, then medium moves 2 edges per turn. For fast, also 2 edges per turn? But then why differentiate? Maybe fast moves 3 edges per turn? But the example 5/3/2: if slow takes 5 turns for a distance, that distance is 5 edges? Then medium takes 3 turns for 5 edges -> 5/3 ≈ 1.67 edges per turn. Fast takes 2 turns -> 2.5 edges per turn. So the speeds are not simply 1x, 2x, 3x. They are more nuanced. But for our small map, most paths are 1-3 edges. We can approximate: for any path, the travel time for a mixed army is the slowest troop's time. We can look up the time for the slowest troop from the report if we know the path. But we don't have all paths. We can estimate by counting edges and using the slow troop time as the number of edges (since each edge seems to cost 1 turn for slow). For medium/fast, they might take ceil(edges/2) or something? But since we usually send mixed armies, the slowest troop determines the speed. If we send only knights (fast), they might move faster. But we need to be careful.

Let's list the edges and assume each edge is 1 slow turn. So a slow army takes N turns for N edges. A medium army takes? From Barcelona to Zaragoza (2 edges): medium takes 1 turn. So medium takes ceil(N/2)? For 2 edges, 1 turn; for 3 edges, would it be 2 turns? For 1 edge, 1 turn. So medium takes max(1, ceil(N/2))? Fast: from Barcelona to Zaragoza (2 edges): fast takes 1 turn. So fast also takes ceil(N/2)? But then what's the difference between medium and fast? In the 5/3/2 example, for a distance of 5 edges, slow=5, medium=3, fast=2. So medium takes 3, fast takes 2. So fast is faster than medium for longer distances. For our small map, distances are short, so medium and fast might often have the same travel time. We'll assume that for any path, the travel time for a mixed army is the slowest troop's time, which we can approximate as the number of edges (since slow takes 1 turn per edge). If we send only fast troops, they might take ceil(edges/2) or something, but we rarely have only fast troops.

We need to decide on a plan. Our note from last turn said: "Next turn, we will assess the situation and plan further expansion, focusing on Sevilha and Badajoz." So we were thinking of attacking Sevilha and Badajoz. Sevilha is weak (defense 15). Badajoz we last saw had 4 spear, 14 archers, defense unknown but likely high. Let's check Badajoz: last seen turn 19, enemy, 4 spear, 14 archers. That's a lot of archers. Defense probably around 14*2 + 4*2 = 36, with location bonus maybe x1.25 = 45. So it's strong. Sevilha is easier.

We also have Madrid (defense 15, 6 archers) which is weak and close. We could attack Madrid from Zaragoza or Burgos. Zaragoza has only 1 knight. Burgos has 2 troops. We could reinforce them.

We need to build troops. Our villages have resources. Let's check each village's production and stock:
- Barcelona: wood 40, iron 30, produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. Can build: spearman (15 wood, 0 iron), archer (20 wood, 10 iron), knight (30 wood, 30 iron). It has 21 troops at home, cap 300. Can build more.
- Tarragona: wood 40, iron 20, produces 30/20. Can build.
- Girona: wood 30, iron 90, produces 30/20. Lots of iron.
- Castellon: wood 40, iron 30.
- Zaragoza: wood 60, iron 20. Has 1 knight.
- Huesca: wood 30, iron 20.
- Valencia: wood 30, iron 30.
- Teruel: wood 40, iron 30. Has 22 troops.
- Murcia: wood 30, iron 60. Lots of iron.
- Pamplona: wood 30, iron 20.
- Burgos: wood 30, iron 30.
- Cordoba: wood 40, iron 50. Has 4 troops.
- Vigo: wood 35, iron 40. Has 12 troops.

We need to decide what to build and where. We want to accumulate troops to attack. We should build troops in villages that have resources and capacity. We can build archers and knights because they have higher attack. But they cost iron. We have iron in some villages. We should also build spearmen as cheap defenders? But we are on the offensive.

Let's think about our immediate goals. We need 5 more villages. We can try to take Sevilha, Madrid, and maybe Porto or Toledo. But we need to be careful not to lose too many troops. We have 136 troops total. Enemy has more? We don't know total enemy troops. But we can reinforce.

We should probably send reinforcements to our border villages to prepare for attacks. For example, send troops from interior villages to Zaragoza, Burgos, Cordoba, Teruel, Vigo to bolster their garrisons. Then from those border villages, we can launch attacks.

But movement takes turns. If we send this turn, they arrive next turn (or later). Then we can attack the turn after. So we need to plan ahead.

Let's list our available troops to send from each village (the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" in the report). That tells us how many troops we can send immediately without waiting for new builds. But we can also build new troops this turn, which will be ready next turn? The build time is 1 turn. So if we build this turn, they are ready next turn. But we can also send them next turn. So we have two phases: build now (ready next turn), and send now (arrive later). We can do both.

The report gives "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" for each village. That's the troops currently at home that we can send. Let's list them:

Barcelona: 6 spear, 9 archer, 6 knight (total 21)
Tarragona: 0 spear, 8 archer, 8 knight (16)
Girona: 10 spear, 3 archer, 6 knight (19)
Castellon: 0 spear, 1 archer, 3 knight (4)
Zaragoza: 0 spear, 0 archer, 1 knight (1)
Huesca: 0 spear, 7 archer, 4 knight (11)
Valencia: 1 spear, 4 archer, 3 knight (8)
Teruel: 3 spear, 12 archer, 7 knight (22)
Murcia: 1 spear, 7 archer, 4 knight (12)
Pamplona: 0 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight (4)
Burgos: 0 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight (2)
Cordoba: 1 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight (4)
Vigo: 3 spear, 7 archer, 2 knight (12)

Total available to send: spear: 6+10+1+3+1+3 = 24? Let's sum: Barcelona 6, Girona 10, Valencia 1, Teruel 3, Murcia 1, Vigo 3 = 24 spear. Archer: Barcelona 9, Tarragona 8, Girona 3, Castellon 1, Huesca 7, Valencia 4, Teruel 12, Murcia 7, Pamplona 3, Burgos 1, Cordoba 2, Vigo 7 = 9+8=17, +3=20, +1=21, +7=28, +4=32, +12=44, +7=51, +3=54, +1=55, +2=57, +7=64 archer. Knight: Barcelona 6, Tarragona 8, Girona 6, Castellon 3, Zaragoza 1, Huesca 4, Valencia 3, Teruel 7, Murcia 4, Pamplona 1, Burgos 1, Cordoba 1, Vigo 2 = 6+8=14, +6=20, +3=23, +1=24, +4=28, +3=31, +7=38, +4=42, +1=43, +1=44, +1=45, +2=47 knight. Total 24+64+47=135? But report says 136 at home. Close enough (maybe one off). So we can send up to these numbers.

We need to decide where to send. We want to attack Sevilha. The closest base is Cordoba. Cordoba has only 4 troops. We can send reinforcements to Cordoba from nearby villages: Murcia (1 turn away? Murcia to Cordoba is 1 turn), Valencia (Valencia to Cordoba? Valencia connects to Murcia and Teruel and Castellon. To get to Cordoba, Valencia -> Murcia -> Cordoba = 2 turns? Or Valencia -> Teruel -> Zaragoza -> etc. Not direct. Actually, road: [16] Valencia to [15] Murcia to [11] Cordoba. So 2 edges. So from Valencia to Cordoba is 2 slow turns? But the report says Valencia to its nearest border village [13] Teruel is 1 turn. So Valencia to Teruel is 1 turn. Teruel to Cordoba? Teruel to Zaragoza to ... not direct. So Valencia to Cordoba via Murcia: Valencia-Murcia (1 edge), Murcia-Cordoba (1 edge) = 2 edges. So slow takes 2 turns, medium/fast maybe 1 turn? But mixed army would take 2 turns if we include slow troops. So it's slower. Murcia to Cordoba is 1 edge, so 1 turn. So Murcia is a better source. Also, we can send from Castellon? Castellon to Valencia to Murcia to Cordoba = 3 edges. So not great.

We can also send troops directly to Sevilha from Cordoba (1 turn) and from Murcia (2 turns). If we send from Murcia directly to Sevilha, they will pass through Cordoba (ours) and arrive at Sevilha in 2 turns (if slow) or maybe 1 turn if fast? But we need to know the travel time. Let's assume Murcia to Sevilha is 2 edges: Murcia-Cordoba, Cordoba-Sevilha. So 2 slow turns. If we send a mixed army with slow troops, it takes 2 turns. If we send only knights, maybe 1 turn? But we have limited knights.

We want to attack Sevilha this turn? Or next turn? We can send troops this turn from Cordoba to Sevilha (1 turn arrival). But Cordoba only has 4 troops, which is not enough. We can also send from Murcia this turn to Sevilha (arrive in 2 turns). But then the attacks would not be simultaneous; the Cordoba attack would arrive next turn, and the Murcia attack would arrive the turn after. That might be okay: the first attack might weaken the defender, and the second attack might finish it. But if the first attack loses, we lose those troops. So we need to ensure the first attack has a good chance of winning, or at least inflicting significant losses.

Let's compute the forces if we send all available from Cordoba to Sevilha: 1 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight. We computed effective attack 13.5 vs defense 15. We lose. But we might still inflict losses. How many losses? The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So the winner takes losses equal to some proportion of the loser's force? It doesn't specify the proportion. In many games, losses are proportional to the ratio. But we don't know. We might lose all 4, and the defender might lose a few troops. That would reduce Sevilha's defense from 15 to maybe 12? Then next turn we could send a bigger army.

But we can also send reinforcements to Cordoba first. For example, send troops from Murcia to Cordoba this turn. They arrive next turn. Then next turn, Cordoba has more troops, and we can send them to Sevilha the same turn? But if we send from Cordoba to Sevilha next turn, they would arrive the turn after. So the attack would be on turn 22. Meanwhile, the enemy might do something. We need to be proactive.

Alternatively, we can send a large army from multiple villages directly to Sevilha on the same turn, so they arrive on the same turn? But they fight sequentially. If we send from Cordoba (1 turn) and from Murcia (2 turns), they won't arrive same turn. To have them arrive same turn, we need to send from villages that are equidistant. For example, send from Cordoba (1 turn) and from some other village that is also 1 turn from Sevilha? Which villages are 1 turn from Sevilha? Cordoba is 1 turn. Badajoz is enemy, not ours. Faro is unexplored. So only Cordoba is 1 turn. So we can only attack from Cordoba in 1 turn. To get more troops to Cordoba, we need to send them there first.

So a better plan: Send reinforcements to Cordoba this turn from Murcia and maybe Valencia. Then next turn, Cordoba has a larger garrison. Then next turn, we attack Sevilha from Cordoba with the combined force. But that gives the enemy two turns to react. They might attack our other villages or reinforce.

We also have other fronts. Madrid is weak (defense 15). We can attack Madrid from Zaragoza (1 turn) or Burgos (1 turn? Burgos to Madrid is 1 edge, so 1 turn). Zaragoza has 1 knight, Burgos has 1 archer, 1 knight. Not much. We can reinforce Zaragoza from Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Huesca, etc. Those are 1-2 turns away. For example, Barcelona to Zaragoza: 2 slow turns? Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza = 2 edges. So 2 turns for slow. But if we send only knights, maybe 1 turn? The report says Barcelona to Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. So if we send a mixed army with slow troops, it takes 2 turns. If we send only medium or fast, it takes 1 turn. So we can send knights from Barcelona to Zaragoza in 1 turn. But we need to consider the composition.

We need to decide on a strategy. Since we need 5 villages, we should try to conquer multiple villages simultaneously. We have 13 villages, so we need to be efficient. We should probably build troops in our interior villages and send them to the front lines.

Let's think about the enemy's likely moves. The enemy is King A. They have villages: Madrid, Toledo, Porto, Sevilha, Badajoz, Coimbra, and unexplored. They might attack our border villages. Our border villages are: Zaragoza (border with Madrid), Teruel (border with Toledo), Cordoba (border with Toledo, Sevilha), Burgos (border with Madrid), Vigo (border with Porto). Also, we have Salamanca? It was ours but now maybe enemy. So we have a border with Salamanca? From Vigo to Salamanca? Vigo connects to Porto and Burgos. Salamanca connects to Coimbra, Badajoz, Porto, Madrid. So Salamanca is adjacent to Porto (enemy) and Madrid (enemy) and Coimbra (enemy) and Badajoz (enemy). So it's surrounded by enemies. If we still own it, it's an enclave. But the report says we have 13 villages and Salamanca is not listed. So we lost it. So our border is now at Vigo (with Porto), Burgos (with Madrid), Zaragoza (with Madrid), Teruel (with Toledo), Cordoba (with Toledo and Sevilha). We need to defend these and attack.

We should probably reinforce our border villages to prevent enemy attacks. Then launch attacks from the strongest positions.

Let's assess the enemy's strength at each border:
- Madrid: 6 archers, defense 15. Weak.
- Toledo: 4 spear, 9 archer, 2 knight, defense 38. Strong.
- Porto: 2 spear, 5 archer, 4 knight, defense 28. Medium.
- Sevilha: 4 spear, 2 knight, defense 15. Weak.
- Badajoz: last seen 4 spear, 14 archer, defense unknown but likely high.
- Coimbra: last seen 15 archer, 2 knight, defense unknown.

So the weak points are Madrid and Sevilha. We should attack those. We can attack Madrid from Zaragoza and Burgos. We can attack Sevilha from Cordoba.

We need to gather forces at Zaragoza, Burgos, and Cordoba. Let's see what we can send to these villages this turn.

First, let's consider building troops. We should build troops in villages that have resources and are not on the front line, to grow our army. We can build archers and knights because they have high attack. But we need iron. Let's check each village's iron and wood:
- Barcelona: wood 40, iron 30. Can build knights (30 wood, 30 iron) - has exactly 30 iron, so can build 1 knight. Or archers (20 wood, 10 iron) - can build up to 3 archers (wood 60, but only 40 wood, so 2 archers). Or spearmen (15 wood) - can build 2 (30 wood). We should build what we can. Since we want offensive power, archers and knights are good. But we need to consider that we can also send troops from Barcelona. We might want to keep some for defense? Barcelona is interior, no enemy border, so it's safe. We can send troops from there.
- Tarragona: wood 40, iron 20. Can build archers (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Or knights (30 wood, 30 iron) - not enough iron. Or spearmen (15 wood) -> 2 spearmen (30 wood).
- Girona: wood 30, iron 90. Can build knights: 30 wood, 30 iron -> can build 1 knight (wood 30, iron 30). Or archers: 20 wood, 10 iron -> can build 1 archer (wood 20, iron 10) but wood 30 so maybe 1 archer and 1 spear? Actually, we can build multiple. Let's maximize: we have 30 wood, 90 iron. Knights cost 30 wood, 30 iron -> 1 knight uses 30 wood, 30 iron. Then no wood left. Archers cost 20 wood, 10 iron -> we could build 1 archer (20 wood) and have 10 wood left, but not enough for another. So 1 knight and 1 archer? That would be 30+20=50 wood, but we only have 30. So we can only build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spear (15 wood) but 20+15=35 wood >30. So we can build 1 archer (20 wood) and have 10 wood left, can't build spear (needs 15). So best is 1 knight. Or we could build 2 spearmen (30 wood) but no iron used. Since we want offensive power, knight is better. But we might want to build archers for counter. Let's decide later.
- Castellon: wood 40, iron 30. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 2 spearmen (30 wood). 
- Zaragoza: wood 60, iron 20. Can build archers: 20 wood, 10 iron -> up to 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 3 archers if wood 60? 3 archers = 60 wood, 30 iron, but iron only 20, so 2 archers. Or knights: 30 wood, 30 iron -> not enough iron. Or spearmen: 15 wood -> 4 spearmen (60 wood). So we can build 2 archers or 4 spearmen.
- Huesca: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearmen (30 wood) or 1 knight? Not enough iron.
- Valencia: wood 30, iron 30. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spear (15 wood) but 35 wood >30. So 1 knight or 1 archer + ? Actually, 1 archer uses 20 wood, 10 iron, leaving 10 wood, 20 iron. Can't build spear (15 wood). So 1 knight is best.
- Teruel: wood 40, iron 30. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 2 spearmen (30 wood). 
- Murcia: wood 30, iron 60. Can build 2 knights? 2 knights = 60 wood, but only 30 wood. So 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 3 archers? 3 archers = 60 wood, 30 iron, but wood 30. So 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearmen (30 wood). Actually, with 30 wood, we can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 spearmen (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood) and have 10 wood left. So best is 1 knight.
- Pamplona: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearmen (30 wood).
- Burgos: wood 30, iron 30. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + maybe spear? 20+15=35 >30. So 1 knight or 1 archer.
- Cordoba: wood 40, iron 50. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and have 10 wood, 20 iron left; can also build 1 archer? 1 archer uses 20 wood, but only 10 wood left. So 1 knight and 1 spear? 30+15=45 wood >40. So 1 knight (30 wood) and then 10 wood left, can't build spear (15). So 1 knight, or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron), or 2 spearmen (30 wood) + 1 archer? 30+20=50 wood >40. So 2 archers is good.
- Vigo: wood 35, iron 40. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and have 5 wood, 10 iron left. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spear (15 wood) = 35 wood, 10 iron. That uses 35 wood, 10 iron. So 1 archer + 1 spear. Or 2 spearmen (30 wood) and 5 wood left. So 1 knight is good, or 1 archer + 1 spear.

We should build troops that we can send to the front. We need to reinforce our border villages. Let's decide which border villages to reinforce.

We want to attack Madrid and Sevilha. For Madrid, we can attack from Zaragoza and Burgos. For Sevilha, from Cordoba.

Let's plan to send reinforcements to Zaragoza, Burgos, and Cordoba this turn, so they have more troops next turn. Then next turn, we can attack Madrid from Zaragoza and Burgos, and Sevilha from Cordoba. But we need to have enough troops to win those attacks.

Let's compute the required troops to defeat Madrid and Sevilha.

Madrid: defense 15, 6 archers. Attacker from Zaragoza: we need to send troops. Let's say we send from Zaragoza. Zaragoza currently has 1 knight. We can reinforce it. What is the effective defense of Madrid? 15 (already includes location bonus). To win, our effective attack must be >15. Since tie favors defender, we need >15, so at least 16. If we have the counter, we multiply by 1.5. So we need base attack such that base * 1.5 > 15 => base > 10. So base attack of 11 would give 16.5, win. If we don't have counter, we need base attack >15. So we need to ensure we have the counter. Madrid's most numerous is archer (6). To counter archer, we need knight as our most numerous. So we should send mostly knights. If we send knights, they counter archers, and we get x1.5. So we can win with fewer troops.

Let's design a force for Madrid: send from Zaragoza. Zaragoza can send its 1 knight now, plus any reinforcements we send this turn. We can send knights from other villages to Zaragoza. Which villages can send knights to Zaragoza quickly? Barcelona (1 turn if fast? Barcelona to Zaragoza: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So if we send only knights (fast), they take 1 turn. So we can send knights from Barcelona to Zaragoza this turn, they arrive next turn. Then next turn we can attack Madrid from Zaragoza with those knights. But we need to have the knights at Zaragoza to attack. So we can send knights from Barcelona to Zaragoza now, and also send the existing Zaragoza knight to Madrid now? But if we send the Zaragoza knight to Madrid now, it will arrive next turn and fight alone. Then the reinforcements from Barcelona would arrive next turn as well? Actually, if we send from Barcelona to Zaragoza now, they arrive next turn. If we also send from Zaragoza to Madrid now, they arrive next turn. But they are from different villages, so they fight separately. The Zaragoza knight would fight Madrid next turn, and the Barcelona knights would be at Zaragoza (reinforcements) and not fight Madrid unless we order them to. We could order the Barcelona knights to go to Madrid directly? But they would go Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> Madrid. That's 3 edges. Travel time: Barcelona to Zaragoza is 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So knights from Barcelona to Madrid would take? Barcelona to Zaragoza: 1 fast turn? Actually, the report says Barcelona to Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So for knights (fast), it takes 1 turn to go from Barcelona to Zaragoza. Then Zaragoza to Madrid is 1 turn. So total 2 turns for knights. So if we send knights from Barcelona directly to Madrid, they would take 2 turns. Meanwhile, the Zaragoza knight takes 1 turn. So they wouldn't arrive together.

To have a combined attack on the same turn, we need to send from villages that are the same distance from the target. For Madrid, the closest is Zaragoza (1 turn) and Burgos (1 turn). So we can send from both Zaragoza and Burgos on the same turn, and they will both arrive next turn. But they fight sequentially. So we need enough troops in each wave to survive. Actually, if we send from Zaragoza and Burgos, they will arrive and fight one after the other. The first wave will fight the garrison, then the second wave will fight the remaining garrison. So it's better to send a large wave from one village, or send multiple waves that can each handle the garrison.

But we can also send reinforcements to Zaragoza and Burgos, and then from those villages send a large unified force. However, a village can only send troops that are at home there. So we need to accumulate troops at Zaragoza and Burgos.

Let's think about timing. We are at turn 20. We can order builds and movements. Builds take 1 turn, so they are ready at turn 21. Movements take varying turns. We want to attack on turn 21 or 22.

Let's outline a plan for this turn (turn 20):

1. Build troops in interior villages to replenish and grow. We should build archers and knights where we have iron, and spearmen where we have wood but no iron. We want to have troops available to send next turn.

2. Send reinforcements to border villages: Zaragoza, Burgos, Cordoba, Teruel, Vigo. We should send troops from interior villages to these border villages so they can launch attacks or defend.

3. Possibly launch an attack now with a small force to weaken a target. For example, send the Zaragoza knight to Madrid to weaken it. Even if it loses, it might reduce Madrid's troops.

But we need to be careful about losing our only knight. We might want to build more knights first.

Let's decide on a concrete set of orders.

First, let's list all our villages and what we can build and send.

We need to choose which villages to send to which border villages. Let's map the interior villages to border villages:

- Barcelona (22) -> can send to Tarragona (21) -> Zaragoza (17). Or to Girona (23) -> Huesca (20) -> Zaragoza. So Barcelona can reinforce Zaragoza via Tarragona or via Girona/Huesca. The shortest path to Zaragoza is via Tarragona: 2 edges. For knights, 1 turn; for slow, 2 turns.
- Tarragona (21) -> Zaragoza (17): 1 edge. So Tarragona can directly reinforce Zaragoza in 1 turn (all speeds).
- Girona (23) -> Huesca (20) -> Zaragoza (17): 2 edges. Or Girona -> Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza: 3 edges. So Girona to Zaragoza is 2 edges via Huesca. For knights, maybe 1 turn? Actually, Girona to Huesca is 1 edge, Huesca to Zaragoza is 1 edge. So 2 edges. For knights, the report says Barcelona to Zaragoza (2 edges) takes 1 fast turn. So Girona to Zaragoza would also take 1 fast turn? Probably.
- Castellon (18) -> Teruel (13) or Valencia (16) -> Murcia (15) -> Cordoba (11). Castellon to Teruel: 2 edges? Castellon connects to Valencia and Tarragona and Teruel? Actually, road: [18] Castellon connects to [13] Teruel, [16] Valencia, [21] Tarragona. So Castellon to Teruel is 1 edge. So Castellon can reinforce Teruel directly in 1 turn.
- Huesca (20) -> Zaragoza (17): 1 edge.
- Valencia (16) -> Teruel (13): 1 edge? Valencia connects to Teruel, Murcia, Castellon. So Valencia to Teruel is 1 edge. Also to Murcia is 1 edge.
- Teruel (13) is a border village itself. It can be reinforced from Valencia, Castellon, Zaragoza, etc.
- Murcia (15) -> Cordoba (11): 1 edge.
- Pamplona (19) -> Burgos (14): 1 edge? Pamplona connects to Burgos, Zaragoza, Huesca. So Pamplona to Burgos is 1 edge.
- Burgos (14) is border, can be reinforced from Pamplona (1 edge), Vigo (1 edge? Burgos to Vigo is 1 edge), Zaragoza? Burgos to Zaragoza is not direct; road: Burgos connects to Vigo, Madrid, Pamplona. So Burgos to Zaragoza via Pamplona? Burgos -> Pamplona -> Zaragoza = 2 edges. Or via Madrid? Madrid is enemy, so can't go through. So Burgos to Zaragoza is 2 edges via Pamplona.
- Vigo (10) is border, can be reinforced from Burgos (1 edge) and from Salamanca? Salamanca is not ours. So mainly from Burgos.

So we have good connections.

We want to reinforce Zaragoza, Burgos, and Cordoba for attacks on Madrid and Sevilha. Also, we might want to reinforce Teruel and Vigo for defense or attack on Toledo/Porto.

Let's decide on the attacks. We'll attack Madrid and Sevilha. For Madrid, we can send from Zaragoza and Burgos. For Sevilha, from Cordoba.

We need to compute how many troops we need to send to win.

First, Sevilha: defense 15, 4 spear, 2 knight. Most numerous: spear (4). To counter spear, we need archer as our most numerous. So we should send a force with more archers than anything else. If we send archers, they counter spear, giving x1.5. Effective attack = (total archer attack * 1.5) + other attacks? Wait, the multiplier applies to the whole force? The rule: "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It says "your force", which likely means the effective attack of the entire army. So if we have the counter, we multiply the total attack by 1.5. So we need base attack > 10 to get >15. If we send, say, 10 archers, base attack = 20, x1.5 = 30, easily win. But we need to have 10 archers available. Cordoba has 2 archers. We can send more archers to Cordoba, or send from other villages directly to Sevilha.

Let's see what we can send to Cordoba this turn to arrive by next turn, so that next turn Cordoba has a strong garrison and we can attack Sevilha. Or we can send troops directly to Sevilha from other villages that are 2 turns away, but they would arrive in 2 turns. If we send from Murcia to Sevilha now, they arrive turn 22. If we also send from Cordoba to Sevilha next turn, they arrive turn 22? Actually, if we send from Cordoba next turn, they arrive turn 22 as well? Let's calculate: If we send from Cordoba on turn 21, travel time 1 turn, so arrival turn 22. If we send from Murcia on turn 20, travel time 2 turns, arrival turn 22. So they would both arrive on turn 22! That's great. So we can send from Murcia to Sevilha now (2 turns), and from Cordoba to Sevilha next turn (1 turn), and they will both hit Sevilha on turn 22. But they will fight sequentially. The order might be determined by something. But we can plan for that.

Alternatively, we can send from Murcia to Cordoba now (1 turn), so they arrive turn 21. Then on turn 21, Cordoba has more troops, and we can send them all to Sevilha on turn 21, arriving turn 22. That way, we have a single large wave from Cordoba. That might be better because they combine into one force. But if we send from Murcia to Cordoba, they arrive turn 21, and then we can send them from Cordoba to Sevilha on turn 21, arriving turn 22. So the attack on Sevilha would be on turn 22 with a combined force from Cordoba (original + Murcia reinforcements). That seems efficient.

Similarly, for Madrid: we can send reinforcements to Zaragoza and Burgos now, then next turn send from those villages to Madrid, arriving turn 22. Or we can send from Zaragoza and Burgos directly to Madrid now, arriving turn 21, but with small forces.

Let's consider the enemy's possible actions. The enemy might attack our border villages. We need to ensure our border villages can defend themselves. Zaragoza has only 1 knight, defense? Its effective defense is 3 (location bonus included). That's very weak. If the enemy attacks Zaragoza, they will likely conquer it. So we need to reinforce Zaragoza's defense. We should send troops to Zaragoza to increase its garrison, so it can defend against an attack. But if we send troops to Zaragoza and then order them to attack Madrid, they will leave Zaragoza. So we need to balance. We can send troops to Zaragoza and not order them to leave, so they stay and defend. But then we can't use them for attack. We can send some troops to defend and some to attack. But a village can only send troops that are at home; if we send reinforcements, they add to the garrison. We can then order some of the garrison to attack, but that reduces the garrison. So we need to build enough troops.

Given that we need to hold 18 villages, we should try to conquer quickly. But we also can't lose our existing villages.

Let's assess the immediate threats. Which enemy villages are likely to attack us? The enemy has Madrid, Toledo, Porto, Sevilha, Badajoz, Coimbra. They might attack our border villages: Zaragoza (from Madrid), Teruel (from Toledo), Cordoba (from Toledo or Sevilha), Burgos (from Madrid), Vigo (from Porto). We need to check the enemy's troop counts and our defense.

Our border villages' effective defense:
- Zaragoza: 3 (very weak)
- Teruel: 55 (strong)
- Cordoba: 10 (weak)
- Burgos: 5 (weak)
- Vigo: 30 (decent)

So Zaragoza, Cordoba, and Burgos are vulnerable. Teruel is strong. Vigo is okay. The enemy might attack these weak villages. We should reinforce them. But we also want to attack.

We can send troops to these villages to defend. For example, send troops from interior villages to Zaragoza, Burgos, Cordoba. We can send them now, and they will arrive next turn (or later). Then if the enemy attacks, they will have more troops.

But we also want to attack Madrid and Sevilha. We can launch attacks from the same villages after they receive reinforcements. However, if we send reinforcements to Zaragoza and then immediately send them to Madrid, the garrison will be reduced again. So we need to send enough to both defend and attack. Or we can send attack forces directly from interior villages to the enemy villages, bypassing the border villages? But they will have to pass through our border villages. If we send from Barcelona to Madrid, they go Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> Madrid. They will pass through Zaragoza. If Zaragoza is ours, they pass freely. But they won't stop at Zaragoza to fight; they just march through. So we can send troops from interior directly to Madrid. That way, we don't reduce Zaragoza's garrison. But the travel time is longer. Barcelona to Madrid: Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> Madrid = 3 edges. For knights, that's? Barcelona to Zaragoza is 2 edges (1 fast turn), Zaragoza to Madrid is 1 edge (1 turn). So total 2 fast turns? Actually, if knights take 1 turn to go Barcelona->Zaragoza, and 1 turn Zaragoza->Madrid, then total 2 turns. For slow troops, 3 turns. So we can send from Barcelona to Madrid, arriving in 2 turns (if knights) or 3 turns (if slow). That's not too bad.

But we need to have the troops available. Let's think about our overall troop production. We have 136 troops. We can build more. We should build troops in all our villages to increase our total. We can then send them to the front.

Let's decide on a build plan for this turn. We'll build troops in each village according to their resources, prioritizing archers and knights for offensive power, and spearmen for defense/cost.

We also need to send troops. We'll send reinforcements to our vulnerable border villages: Zaragoza, Burgos, Cordoba. And we'll send attack forces to Madrid and Sevilha.

But we need to specify exact numbers. Let's try to design a balanced approach.

First, let's list our available resources and what we can build this turn:

We'll go village by village and decide builds and movements.

Village [22] Barcelona: wood 40, iron 30. Cap 300, current 21. Can build: 
- Knights: 30 wood, 30 iron -> 1 knight (uses all iron, 30 wood). 
- Archers: 20 wood, 10 iron -> up to 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) but iron 30, so 2 archers uses 20 iron, leaves 10 iron. But wood 40, so 2 archers uses 40 wood. So we can build 2 archers and have 0 wood, 10 iron left. Or 1 knight and 0 archers? 1 knight uses 30 wood, 30 iron, leaves 10 wood, 0 iron. Then we can't build archer because need 10 iron. We could build 1 spear (15 wood) but we have 10 wood. So 1 knight is good. Or we can build 2 archers and 1 spear? 2 archers = 40 wood, 20 iron; 1 spear = 15 wood, 0 iron; total 55 wood >40. So no.
- Spearmen: 15 wood -> 2 spearmen (30 wood), leaves 10 wood, 30 iron. Then we could build 1 archer? 20 wood needed, but only 10 left. So 2 spearmen + 0 archers, or 1 spear + 1 archer? 15+20=35 wood, 10 iron -> leaves 5 wood, 20 iron. That's possible. So options: 1 knight, or 2 archers, or 1 archer + 1 spear, or 2 spearmen. Which is best? We want to reinforce Zaragoza and attack Madrid. Knights are great against Madrid because they counter archers. So building a knight is good. But we might want to build more than one. We only have 30 iron, so only 1 knight. Let's build 1 knight. We'll use the wood and iron. We can also send troops from Barcelona. We have 6 spear, 9 archer, 6 knight available to send. We might send some to Tarragona or directly to Madrid. Let's decide later.

Village [21] Tarragona: wood 40, iron 20. Current 16. Can build:
- Archers: 20 wood, 10 iron -> 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). 
- Knights: 30 wood, 30 iron -> not enough iron.
- Spearmen: 15 wood -> 2 spearmen (30 wood), leaves 10 wood, 20 iron.
So best is 2 archers. Build 2 archers.

Village [23] Girona: wood 30, iron 90. Current 19. Can build:
- Knights: 30 wood, 30 iron -> 1 knight (uses 30 wood, 30 iron). Leaves 0 wood, 60 iron.
- Archers: 20 wood, 10 iron -> 1 archer uses 20 wood, 10 iron. Leaves 10 wood, 80 iron. Then can we build another? 10 wood not enough for spear (15) or archer (20). So 1 archer + maybe 1 spear? 20+15=35 wood >30. So only 1 archer or 1 knight. Knights are more valuable. Build 1 knight.

Village [18] Castellon: wood 40, iron 30. Current 4. Can build:
- Knights: 30 wood, 30 iron -> 1 knight.
- Archers: 20 wood, 10 iron -> 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
- Spearmen: 15 wood -> 2 spearmen (30 wood).
We want to reinforce Teruel or Cordoba? Castellon is close to Teruel (1 edge) and Valencia (1 edge). We can send troops to Teruel to defend or attack Toledo. Let's build 2 archers for offensive power.

Village [17] Zaragoza: wood 60, iron 20. Current 1. Can build:
- Archers: 20 wood, 10 iron -> 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Leaves 20 wood, 0 iron.
- Spearmen: 15 wood -> 4 spearmen (60 wood). 
- Knights: not enough iron.
We want to attack Madrid. Archers are good, but knights are better. We don't have iron. So build 2 archers. Or we could build 4 spearmen for defense. But we want to attack Madrid, which has archers. Spearmen are not great against archers (archer counters spear). So archers are better. Build 2 archers.

Village [20] Huesca: wood 30, iron 20. Current 11. Can build:
- Archers: 20 wood, 10 iron -> 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Leaves 10 wood, 10 iron.
- Spearmen: 15 wood -> 2 spearmen (30 wood). 
- Knight: not enough iron.
Build 1 archer.

Village [16] Valencia: wood 30, iron 30. Current 8. Can build:
- Knights: 30 wood, 30 iron -> 1 knight.
- Archers: 20 wood, 10 iron -> 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Leaves 10 wood, 20 iron. Could also build 1 spear? 15 wood needed, but only 10 left. So 1 knight is better. Build 1 knight.

Village [13] Teruel: wood 40, iron 30. Current 22. Can build:
- Knights: 30 wood, 30 iron -> 1 knight.
- Archers: 20 wood, 10 iron -> 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
- Spearmen: 15 wood -> 2 spearmen (30 wood).
Teruel is border with Toledo (defense 38). We might want to attack Toledo eventually. But for now, we might just defend. We can build 2 archers to reinforce. Or 1 knight. Let's build 2 archers.

Village [15] Murcia: wood 30, iron 60. Current 12. Can build:
- Knights: 30 wood, 30 iron -> 1 knight (uses 30 wood, 30 iron). Leaves 0 wood, 30 iron.
- Archers: 20 wood, 10 iron -> 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Leaves 10 wood, 50 iron.
- Spearmen: 15 wood -> 2 spearmen (30 wood).
We want to reinforce Cordoba for Sevilha attack. Knights are great against Sevilha? Sevilha has spear and knight. Most numerous is spear. So archers counter spear. So we want archers, not knights. So build archers. But we can only build 1 archer due to wood. Actually, with 30 wood, we can build 1 archer (20 wood) and have 10 wood left. Can't build spear (15). So 1 archer. Or we could build 2 spearmen (30 wood) but they don't counter spear. So 1 archer is better. But we might want to build knights for other fronts. Since we have lots of iron, we could build knights if we had more wood. But wood is limited. So build 1 archer.

Village [19] Pamplona: wood 30, iron 20. Current 4. Can build:
- Archers: 20 wood, 10 iron -> 1 archer.
- Spearmen: 15 wood -> 2 spearmen.
Pamplona can reinforce Burgos. Build 1 archer.

Village [14] Burgos: wood 30, iron 30. Current 2. Can build:
- Knights: 30 wood, 30 iron -> 1 knight.
- Archers: 20 wood, 10 iron -> 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Leaves 10 wood, 20 iron.
Burgos is border with Madrid. We want to attack Madrid. Knights are good. Build 1 knight.

Village [11] Cordoba: wood 40, iron 50. Current 4. Can build:
- Knights: 30 wood, 30 iron -> 1 knight. Leaves 10 wood, 20 iron.
- Archers: 20 wood, 10 iron -> 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Leaves 0 wood, 30 iron.
- Spearmen: 15 wood -> 2 spearmen (30 wood), leaves 10 wood, 50 iron.
We want to attack Sevilha. Sevilha has spear most numerous, so we want archers. Build 2 archers.

Village [10] Vigo: wood 35, iron 40. Current 12. Can build:
- Knights: 30 wood, 30 iron -> 1 knight. Leaves 5 wood, 10 iron.
- Archers: 20 wood, 10 iron -> 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Leaves 15 wood, 30 iron. Then can build 1 spear? 15 wood, 0 iron -> yes! So 1 archer + 1 spear uses 35 wood, 10 iron. That's efficient.
- Or 2 spearmen (30 wood) + 1 archer? 30+20=50 wood >35.
So best is 1 knight, or 1 archer + 1 spear. Vigo is border with Porto (defense 28). Porto has spear, archer, knight. Most numerous? 2 spear, 5 archer, 4 knight. Most numerous is archer (5). So to counter, we need knight. So knights are good against Porto. But we might not attack Porto now. Let's build 1 knight for now, or 1 archer + 1 spear for a balanced defense. Since we want to build up our army, let's build 1 knight.

Now, we have decided builds. Let's summarize builds:

- [22] Barcelona: 1 knight
- [21] Tarragona: 2 archers
- [23] Girona: 1 knight
- [18] Castellon: 2 archers
- [17] Zaragoza: 2 archers
- [20] Huesca: 1 archer
- [16] Valencia: 1 knight
- [13] Teruel: 2 archers
- [15] Murcia: 1 archer
- [19] Pamplona: 1 archer
- [14] Burgos: 1 knight
- [11] Cordoba: 2 archers
- [10] Vigo: 1 knight

Total new troops: knights: 1 (BCN) + 1 (Girona) + 1 (Valencia) + 1 (Burgos) + 1 (Vigo) = 5 knights. Archers: 2 (Tarragona) + 2 (Castellon) + 2 (Zaragoza) + 1 (Huesca) + 2 (Teruel) + 1 (Murcia) + 1 (Pamplona) + 2 (Cordoba) = 13 archers. Total 18 new troops. Our total troops will increase.

Now, movements. We need to send troops to reinforce border villages and launch attacks. We have existing troops available to send now (the ones listed in the report). We can also send the newly built troops? No, newly built troops are ready next turn. So we can only send the troops that are currently at home (the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW"). So we need to decide which of those to send where.

We want to reinforce Zaragoza, Burgos, Cordoba. We also want to send attack forces to Madrid and Sevilha. But we can also send troops directly from interior to the enemy villages.

Let's consider the travel times. If we send this turn, they will arrive at different times. We want to coordinate attacks for turn 22 (or 21). Let's plan to attack Madrid and Sevilha on turn 22. That gives us time to send reinforcements and then attack.

For Madrid: We can send from Zaragoza and Burgos. But their current garrisons are tiny. We can send reinforcements to Zaragoza and Burgos now, so they arrive turn 21. Then on turn 21, we can send the combined forces from Zaragoza and Burgos to Madrid, arriving turn 22. Or we can send from Zaragoza and Burgos directly to Madrid now, arriving turn 21, but with small forces. Let's do the reinforcement first.

For Sevilha: We can send reinforcements to Cordoba now (from Murcia, Valencia, etc.), arriving turn 21. Then on turn 21, send from Cordoba to Sevilha, arriving turn 22.

So this turn (turn 20), we will send reinforcements to Zaragoza, Burgos, and Cordoba. We will also send some troops directly to Madrid and Sevilha? Maybe we can send a small force now to weaken them. For example, send the Zaragoza knight to Madrid now. It will arrive turn 21 and fight. Even if it loses, it might reduce Madrid's troops. Then on turn 22, we launch a larger attack. That could work.

But we need to be careful: if we send the Zaragoza knight to Madrid, Zaragoza will have 0 troops. That leaves it vulnerable. But we are sending reinforcements to Zaragoza this turn? They would arrive turn 21. So on turn 21, Zaragoza might have new troops, but the knight is gone. So we should send reinforcements to Zaragoza that arrive on turn 21, so it's not left defenseless. But if the enemy attacks Zaragoza on turn 21, they will see whatever garrison is there at the start of turn 21? Actually, the enemy writes orders simultaneously with us over the snapshot. So the enemy sees the map as it is now (turn 20). They don't see our orders. So if we send the knight away, they see Zaragoza with 1 knight. They might attack it. If they attack, they will send troops that will arrive on some turn. If they send from Madrid to Zaragoza (1 turn), they arrive turn 21. Our knight is also leaving turn 20 to Madrid, arriving turn 21. So on turn 21, both armies might meet on the road? Actually, if we send from Zaragoza to Madrid, and they send from Madrid to Zaragoza, they would meet on the road between the villages. The rules: "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there: head-on, or when one catches up with the other on the same stretch of road. It is an open-field battle: BOTH armies count their ATTACK, and neither gets a location bonus; a tie is decided by chance." So they would fight in the open field. That could be good or bad. We might lose our knight. So maybe we shouldn't send the knight if we think the enemy might attack.

Given the uncertainty, it might be better to keep our troops in our villages to defend, and send only reinforcements that we can spare. We should send troops from interior villages to border villages, but not reduce the border villages' existing garrisons until we have enough.

Let's think about the enemy's likely moves. The enemy has been attacking Madrid (their own village? That was weird). They conquered Madrid last turn. So Madrid is now theirs with 6 archers. They might be building up Madrid or attacking from it. They might attack Zaragoza or Burgos. We should reinforce those.

We have 136 troops. We can afford to send some. Let's decide on a safe plan: Send reinforcements to Zaragoza, Burgos, Cordoba, and also send some troops directly to Madrid and Sevilha to attack. But we need to ensure our border villages have enough defense. We can compute the effective defense of our villages after reinforcements.

Let's set target garrisons for border villages for next turn (turn 21). We want them to be able to defend against a possible attack. What is the enemy's attack capability? Madrid has 6 archers, defense 15. If they attack Zaragoza, they would send some troops. We don't know how many they would send. But we can assume they might send all? But they have other villages. We should aim to have Zaragoza's defense high enough to deter attacks. Currently Zaragoza defense is 3 (with 1 knight). That's very low. We should send at least some archers and knights to increase it.

Let's allocate troops to send this turn from our interior villages to border villages. We have the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" numbers. We can send from any village. We need to specify the fromId, toId, and troop counts.

We want to send to:
- Zaragoza: from Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Huesca. We can send knights and archers. Since Zaragoza is 1 turn from Tarragona and Huesca, we can send from there quickly. Let's send from Tarragona: it has 8 archer, 8 knight available. Send some to Zaragoza. From Huesca: 7 archer, 4 knight. Send some. From Barcelona: maybe send knights (fast) to arrive in 1 turn? Barcelona to Zaragoza for knights is 1 turn. So we can send knights from Barcelona to Zaragoza. But we need to be careful: if we send from Barcelona to Zaragoza, they will pass through Tarragona? Actually, road: Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza. So they will pass through Tarragona. If Tarragona is ours, they pass freely. So travel time: Barcelona to Zaragoza is 2 edges. For knights, 1 turn. For mixed, maybe 2 turns. So if we send only knights, they take 1 turn. So we can send knights from Barcelona to Zaragoza and they arrive next turn. Good.

- Burgos: from Pamplona, Vigo? Pamplona to Burgos is 1 edge. Pamplona has 3 archer, 1 knight. We can send some. Also from Barcelona? Barcelona to Burgos: Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> ? Actually, Burgos is connected to Madrid, Vigo, Pamplona. To get from Barcelona to Burgos, we'd go Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> Madrid? No, Madrid is enemy. So we'd have to go through Pamplona? Barcelona -> Girona -> Huesca -> Pamplona -> Burgos? That's long. So better to send from Pamplona or Vigo. Vigo has 3 spear, 7 archer, 2 knight. Vigo to Burgos is 1 edge. So we can send from Vigo to Burgos.

- Cordoba: from Murcia, Valencia, Castellon? Murcia to Cordoba is 1 edge. Murcia has 1 spear, 7 archer, 4 knight. Send some. Valencia to Cordoba: Valencia -> Murcia -> Cordoba = 2 edges. So slower. Castellon to Cordoba: Castellon -> Valencia -> Murcia -> Cordoba = 3 edges. So Murcia is best.

- Teruel: from Valencia, Castellon. Teruel is border with Toledo. We might want to reinforce it. Valencia to Teruel is 1 edge. Castellon to Teruel is 1 edge. We can send from both.

- Vigo: from Burgos? But Burgos is small. Vigo is already decent (defense 30). We might not need to reinforce it much.

We also want to send some troops to attack. We can send troops directly to Madrid from Zaragoza and Burgos, but that would reduce their garrisons. Instead, we can send attack forces from interior villages directly to Madrid, so they don't reduce the border garrisons. For example, send from Barcelona to Madrid directly. That takes 2 turns for knights, 3 for slow. So if we send now, they arrive turn 22 or 23. We can also send from Tarragona to Madrid? Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> Madrid = 2 edges. So 2 turns for slow, maybe 1 for knights? Tarragona to Zaragoza is 1 edge, Zaragoza to Madrid is 1 edge. So 2 edges. For knights, that's 1 turn? Actually, if 2 edges take 1 turn for knights, then Tarragona to Madrid would take 1 turn? But the report says Barcelona to Zaragoza (2 edges) takes 1 fast turn. So Tarragona to Madrid is also 2 edges, so knights would take 1 turn. So we can send knights from Tarragona to Madrid and they arrive next turn! That's fast. So we can launch an attack on Madrid next turn using knights from Tarragona and/or Barcelona. But we need to have enough knights.

Let's check Tarragona's available: 0 spear, 8 archer, 8 knight. We can send some knights to Madrid. They would arrive next turn (turn 21). That would be an attack on Madrid on turn 21. We can also send from Barcelona to Madrid: Barcelona to Madrid is 3 edges? Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> Madrid = 3 edges. For knights, 3 edges might take 2 turns? Because 2 edges = 1 turn, so 3 edges = 2 turns? Or maybe 1.5 turns rounded up? We need to know the exact travel time. The report doesn't give Barcelona to Madrid. But we can infer: Barcelona to Zaragoza is 2 edges (1 fast turn). Zaragoza to Madrid is 1 edge (1 turn). So total 3 edges. If fast troops move 2 edges per turn, then 3 edges would take 2 turns (since they can't do 1.5). So knights from Barcelona to Madrid would take 2 turns. So they would arrive turn 22.

So we have multiple options. Let's decide on a simple plan: We will send reinforcements to our border villages to strengthen their defense. We will also send attack forces to Madrid and Sevilha, but we will send them from villages that are not the border villages themselves, so we don't weaken the border. However, if we send from Tarragona to Madrid, they will pass through Zaragoza. That's fine as long as Zaragoza is ours. They won't stop. So we can use Tarragona as a base to attack Madrid quickly (1 turn). Similarly, we can use Huesca? Huesca to Madrid: Huesca -> Zaragoza -> Madrid = 2 edges, so 1 turn for knights. So Huesca can also send knights to Madrid in 1 turn. And Girona? Girona -> Huesca -> Zaragoza -> Madrid = 3 edges, so 2 turns.

For Sevilha, we can send from Murcia to Sevilha directly: Murcia -> Cordoba -> Sevilha = 2 edges. For knights, 1 turn? Actually, 2 edges = 1 turn for knights. So Murcia can send knights to Sevilha in 1 turn! That's great. So we can attack Sevilha next turn using knights from Murcia. Or we can send from Cordoba directly (1 edge, 1 turn). But Cordoba is weak. So we can send from Murcia.

So we can launch attacks on turn 21 from Tarragona/Huesca to Madrid, and from Murcia to Sevilha. That would be fast. But we need to have enough troops to win. Let's compute the forces.

First, Madrid: defense 15, 6 archers. We want to attack with knights from Tarragona and Huesca. Tarragona has 8 knights, Huesca has 4 knights. We can send, say, 5 knights from Tarragona and 3 from Huesca? But they are from different villages, so they will fight separately. If we send from both, they arrive on the same turn? Tarragona to Madrid: 2 edges, knights take 1 turn. Huesca to Madrid: 2 edges, knights take 1 turn. So both can arrive turn 21. But they fight one at a time. The first wave will fight Madrid's 6 archers. Let's say we send from Tarragona first (order doesn't matter, but they are sequential). Wave 1: 5 knights vs 6 archers. Compute: Attacker: 5 knights, attack = 5*4 = 20. Most numerous: knight (5). Defender: 6 archers, most numerous: archer. Knight counters archer! So attacker has counter, multiplies force by 1.5. Effective attack = 20 * 1.5 = 30. Defender defense: 6 archers * 2 = 12. Location bonus x1.25 = 15. Effective defense = 15. 30 > 15, attacker wins easily. The defender loses some troops, attacker takes losses. How many losses? "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." We don't know the exact attrition rate, but likely the attacker loses some proportion. Let's assume the attacker loses some. After the first wave, Madrid's garrison is reduced. Then wave 2: Huesca's 3 knights. They fight the remaining garrison. They might win easily too. So this could work. But we need to ensure we have enough knights to spare. Tarragona has 8 knights, Huesca has 4. Sending 5 and 3 uses all of Huesca's knights and most of Tarragona's. We might want to keep some for defense. Tarragona is interior, so it's safe. Huesca is interior. So we can send them.

But wait: Tarragona's available troops: 0 spear, 8 archer, 8 knight. We can send knights. Huesca: 0 spear, 7 archer, 4 knight. We can send knights. We also need to consider that we might want to send archers instead, or mix. But knights are best against archers.

What about Sevilha? Sevilha: defense 15, 4 spear, 2 knight. Most numerous: spear (4). To counter, we need archers. So we should attack with archers, not knights. If we send knights, they are countered by spear? Actually, spear counters knight. So if we send knights, the defender's spear would counter our knights, giving the defender x1.5? The rule: "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So if the defender has the counter, do they get x1.5? The rule is ambiguous. It says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't specify attacker or defender. So if the defender's most numerous (spear) counters our most numerous (knight), then the defender would get x1.5 to their defense? That would be bad. So we should avoid attacking with knights if the defender has spear. We should attack with archers to counter spear. So for Sevilha, we should send archers.

So we need to send archers to Sevilha. Which villages have archers and can reach Sevilha quickly? Cordoba has 2 archers, but it's 1 turn. Murcia has 7 archers, 4 knights. Murcia to Sevilha is 2 edges. For archers (medium), what is the travel time? The report says for Murcia to Cordoba: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So that's 1 turn for all. Cordoba to Sevilha: 1 turn for all. So Murcia to Sevilha would be 2 turns for all? But if we send only archers, they are medium. Would they take 1 turn for 2 edges? The report says Barcelona to Zaragoza (2 edges) takes 1 medium turn. So medium troops can cover 2 edges in 1 turn. So Murcia to Sevilha (2 edges) would take 1 turn for medium troops! So archers from Murcia can reach Sevilha in 1 turn. That's great. So we can send archers from Murcia to Sevilha, arriving turn 21. Similarly, we can send from Cordoba (1 edge, 1 turn). And from Valencia? Valencia to Sevilha: Valencia -> Murcia -> Cordoba -> Sevilha = 3 edges. For medium, 3 edges might take 2 turns? Since 2 edges = 1 turn, 3 edges = 2 turns. So slower.

So we can attack Sevilha on turn 21 using archers from Murcia and Cordoba. Let's compute: Send from Murcia: say, 5 archers. From Cordoba: 2 archers. They arrive turn 21, fight sequentially. First wave: 5 archers vs Sevilha (4 spear, 2 knight). Attacker most numerous: archer (5). Defender most numerous: spear (4). Archer counters spear -> attacker gets x1.5. Attack base: 5*2 = 10. x1.5 = 15. Defender defense: 4 spear *2 = 8, 2 knight *2 = 4, total 12. Location bonus x1.25 = 15. So effective attack 15 vs effective defense 15. Tie favors defender! So we would lose. We need more than 15. So we need base attack >10 to get >15. So we need at least 6 archers (base attack 12, x1.5 = 18). So if we send 6 archers from Murcia, we win. But Murcia only has 7 archers available. We can send 6. Then Cordoba's 2 archers would be a second wave. After the first wave wins, Sevilha's defense will be reduced. The second wave might win easily. So we can do that.

But we also need to consider that we might want to send some knights from Murcia as well? If we mix, the most numerous type sets the counter. If we send 6 archers and 1 knight, most numerous is still archer, so counter remains. The knight adds attack but doesn't change counter. So we can include knights for extra attack. But we need to be careful about travel time if we mix slow troops. If we include any spearman (slow), the whole army moves at slow speed, which might take 2 turns. So we should avoid sending spearmen if we want speed. We can send archers and knights. Knights are fast, archers are medium. The speed of a mixed army is the slowest. So if we send archers and knights, the slowest is archer (medium). Medium speed: for 2 edges, does it take 1 turn? The report says medium takes 1 turn for 2 edges. So it's fine. So we can send a mix of archers and knights from Murcia to Sevilha, and they will arrive in 1 turn.

Let's plan the attack on Sevilha: Send from Murcia: 6 archers, 2 knights? That gives base attack: 6*2 + 2*4 = 12+8=20. x1.5 = 30. Overkill. But we might want to keep some troops for other things. We can send 5 archers and 2 knights: base 10+8=18, x1.5=27. Still good. We need to ensure we have enough to win the first wave. Let's send from Murcia: 5 archers, 2 knights. From Cordoba: 2 archers, 1 knight (its available). They will fight sequentially. First wave (Murcia) should win and reduce Sevilha. Second wave (Cordoba) will finish.

But wait: Cordoba's available: 1 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight. If we send the spear, it's slow, so the army from Cordoba would move at slow speed. Cordoba to Sevilha is 1 edge. Slow takes 1 turn anyway. So we can include the spear. But spearmen have low attack (1) and are not useful for offense. We might leave it for defense. Let's not send the spear from Cordoba; we can send it to reinforce somewhere else or just keep it.

So for Sevilha, we can send from Murcia: 5 archers, 2 knights. From Cordoba: 2 archers, 1 knight. That should be enough.

Now for Madrid: We can send from Tarragona and Huesca with knights. But Madrid has 6 archers. Knights counter archers. So we want knights. Tarragona has 8 knights, Huesca has 4. We can send, say, 6 knights from Tarragona and 2 from Huesca. First wave: 6 knights vs 6 archers. Attack base: 6*4=24, x1.5=36. Defense: 6*2=12, x1.25=15. Win easily. Second wave: 2 knights, clean up. So that works.

But we also need to reinforce our border villages. If we send all these troops to attack, our border villages might be left weak. However, we are sending from interior villages (Tarragona, Huesca, Murcia) which are not border villages. So we are not reducing the border garrisons. Zaragoza still has its 1 knight. Burgos has 2 troops. Cordoba has 4 troops. They are weak, but we are not making them weaker. We can also send reinforcements to them from other interior villages. For example, we can send from Barcelona to Zaragoza, from Pamplona to Burgos, from Valencia to Cordoba, etc. That will increase their garrisons.

So let's plan movements for this turn:

Reinforcements:
- Send from Barcelona to Zaragoza: we have 6 spear, 9 archer, 6 knight. We want to send troops to reinforce Zaragoza. Since Zaragoza is border with Madrid, we might want to send archers and knights. But we need to consider travel time. Barcelona to Zaragoza: 2 edges. For mixed army, speed is slowest. If we send spearmen, it takes 2 turns. If we send only archers/knights, medium/fast take 1 turn? Actually, the report says Barcelona to Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. So if we send a mixed army with slow troops, it takes 2 turns. If we send only medium or fast, it takes 1 turn. So to arrive quickly, we should send only archers and knights. Let's send from Barcelona: 3 archers, 3 knights (no spearmen). They will arrive next turn (turn 21). That reinforces Zaragoza.
- Send from Tarragona to Zaragoza? Tarragona is 1 turn away. We can send some troops from Tarragona to Zaragoza as well. But we are already sending knights from Tarragona to Madrid. We can send some archers from Tarragona to Zaragoza. Tarragona has 8 archers, 8 knights. We plan to send 6 knights to Madrid. We can send the remaining 2 knights and some archers to Zaragoza? Or we can send archers to Zaragoza. Let's send from Tarragona to Zaragoza: 4 archers, 2 knights. They arrive next turn.
- Send from Huesca to Zaragoza: Huesca is 1 turn away. We plan to send 2 knights from Huesca to Madrid. Huesca has 7 archers, 4 knights. We can send the remaining 2 knights and some archers to Zaragoza. Send from Huesca to Zaragoza: 2 archers, 2 knights? Actually, we have 7 archers, 4 knights. We send 2 knights to Madrid, leaving 2 knights, 7 archers. Send 3 archers, 2 knights to Zaragoza.
- Send from Pamplona to Burgos: Pamplona has 3 archers, 1 knight. Send all to Burgos: 3 archers, 1 knight. Arrive next turn (1 turn).
- Send from Vigo to Burgos? Vigo has 3 spear, 7 archers, 2 knight. We can send some to Burgos. But Burgos is also border with Madrid. Let's send from Vigo to Burgos: 2 archers, 1 knight. (Keep some for Vigo's own defense? Vigo has 12 troops, we can spare a few.)
- Send from Valencia to Cordoba: Valencia has 1 spear, 4 archers, 3 knight. Cordoba is 2 turns away? Valencia -> Murcia -> Cordoba = 2 edges. For medium/fast, 1 turn? Actually, 2 edges for medium is 1 turn. So we can send from Valencia to Cordoba: 2 archers, 2 knights. They arrive next turn.
- Send from Murcia to Cordoba? Murcia is 1 turn from Cordoba. But we are sending from Murcia to Sevilha. We can also send some from Murcia to Cordoba to reinforce it. Murcia has 1 spear, 7 archers, 4 knight. We plan to send 5 archers, 2 knights to Sevilha. That leaves 1 spear, 2 archers, 2 knights. We can send some to Cordoba: say, 2 archers, 1 knight. Arrive next turn.
- Send from Castellon to Teruel: Castellon has 0 spear, 1 archer, 3 knight. Teruel is 1 turn away. Send 1 archer, 2 knights to Teruel.
- Send from Valencia to Teruel: Valencia to Teruel is 1 edge. We already sent some to Cordoba. We can send the remaining to Teruel: Valencia has 1 spear, 4 archers, 3 knight. We sent 2 archers, 2 knights to Cordoba, leaving 1 spear, 2 archers, 1 knight. Send those to Teruel? Or keep at Valencia. Let's send 1 archer, 1 knight to Teruel.

We also need to consider our own village defenses. We should keep some troops in each village for defense. But most of our villages are interior and safe. The border villages are the ones that need troops. By sending reinforcements, we increase their garrisons.

Now, attacks:
- Madrid: send from Tarragona: 6 knights. From Huesca: 2 knights. (We could also send from Zaragoza? Zaragoza has 1 knight. If we send it, it arrives next turn. But we might want to keep it for defense. Let's not send it for now.)
- Sevilha: send from Murcia: 5 archers, 2 knights. From Cordoba: 2 archers, 1 knight. (Cordoba's available: 1 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight. We send 2 archers, 1 knight. Leave the spear for defense.)

We also might want to attack Porto or Toledo later, but not this turn.

Let's check if we have enough troops to send all these. We need to ensure we don't send more than available.

Let's list all sends with numbers:

From Tarragona [21]:
- to Madrid [12]: 6 knights
- to Zaragoza [17]: 4 archers, 2 knights? Wait, Tarragona available: 8 archers, 8 knights. If we send 6 knights to Madrid, we have 2 knights left. We can send 4 archers and 2 knights to Zaragoza. That uses 4 archers, 2 knights. Total sent: 6+2=8 knights, 4 archers. That's within available (8 archers, 8 knights). So okay.

From Huesca [20]:
- to Madrid [12]: 2 knights
- to Zaragoza [17]: 3 archers, 2 knights? Huesca available: 7 archers, 4 knights. Send 2 knights to Madrid, leaves 2 knights, 7 archers. Send to Zaragoza: 3 archers, 2 knights. That uses 3 archers, 2 knights. Total sent: 2+2=4 knights, 3 archers. Within available.

From Murcia [15]:
- to Sevilha [9]: 5 archers, 2 knights
- to Cordoba [11]: 2 archers, 1 knight? Murcia available: 1 spear, 7 archers, 4 knights. Send 5 archers, 2 knights to Sevilha. Leaves 1 spear, 2 archers, 2 knights. Send to Cordoba: 2 archers, 1 knight. Leaves 1 spear, 0 archers, 1 knight. We can keep the spear and knight at Murcia for defense.

From Cordoba [11]:
- to Sevilha [9]: 2 archers, 1 knight. Cordoba available: 1 spear, 2 archers, 1 knight. Send 2 archers, 1 knight. Leaves 1 spear at Cordoba.

From Barcelona [22]:
- to Zaragoza [17]: 3 archers, 3 knights? Barcelona available: 6 spear, 9 archers, 6 knight. We want to send only fast/medium to arrive in 1 turn. So send 3 archers, 3 knights. Leaves 6 spear, 6 archers, 3 knights. We can keep the rest.

From Pamplona [19]:
- to Burgos [14]: 3 archers, 1 knight. Pamplona available: 0 spear, 3 archers, 1 knight. Send all.

From Vigo [10]:
- to Burgos [14]: 2 archers, 1 knight? Vigo available: 3 spear, 7 archers, 2 knight. Send 2 archers, 1 knight. Leaves 3 spear, 5 archers, 1 knight.

From Valencia [16]:
- to Cordoba [11]: 2 archers, 2 knights? Valencia available: 1 spear, 4 archers, 3 knight. Send 2 archers, 2 knights. Leaves 1 spear, 2 archers, 1 knight.
- to Teruel [13]: 1 archer, 1 knight? We have left 1 spear, 2 archers, 1 knight. Send 1 archer, 1 knight to Teruel. Leaves 1 spear, 1 archer, 0 knight.

From Castellon [18]:
- to Teruel [13]: 1 archer, 2 knights? Castellon available: 0 spear, 1 archer, 3 knight. Send 1 archer, 2 knights. Leaves 1 knight.

From Zaragoza [17]: we are not sending any out (we keep the 1 knight).
From Burgos [14]: we are not sending any out (keep its 2 troops).
From Teruel [13]: we are not sending any out (keep its 22 troops).
From Girona [23]: we are not sending any out? We might send some to Huesca or Zaragoza. Girona has 10 spear, 3 archer, 6 knight. We can send to Zaragoza via Huesca? Girona to Zaragoza: Girona -> Huesca -> Zaragoza = 2 edges. For knights, 1 turn. So we can send knights from Girona to Zaragoza. Let's send from Girona to Zaragoza: 3 knights. Girona available: 10 spear, 3 archer, 6 knight. Send 3 knights. Leaves 10 spear, 3 archer, 3 knights.

We also have Salamanca? We don't control it.

Now, we need to check if these movements make sense. We are sending a lot of troops to Zaragoza and Burgos and Cordoba. That will make them strong for defense. But we are also sending attack forces to Madrid and Sevilha. The attack forces will arrive on turn 21 (since we are sending knights/archers that take 1 turn). The reinforcements to Zaragoza, Burgos, Cordoba will also arrive on turn 21 (since they are 1 turn away). So on turn 21, our border villages will have new garrisons, and the enemy villages will be attacked. That's good.

But wait: The attack forces from Tarragona and Huesca to Madrid: they will pass through Zaragoza? Tarragona to Madrid: Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> Madrid. They will pass through Zaragoza. If Zaragoza is ours, they pass freely. But on turn 21, when they arrive at Madrid, they fight. The reinforcements to Zaragoza also arrive on turn 21. So Zaragoza will have its original 1 knight plus the reinforcements. That's fine.

Similarly, Murcia to Sevilha: Murcia -> Cordoba -> Sevilha. They pass through Cordoba. Cordoba gets reinforcements from Valencia and Murcia itself. So that's fine.

Now, we need to consider the enemy's actions. They might attack our villages. With the reinforcements, our border villages will have more troops. Let's compute the new garrisons on turn 21 after reinforcements arrive but before any attacks (since attacks from our border villages are not ordered this turn; we are sending directly from interior). Actually, we are not ordering our border villages to attack; we are ordering interior villages to attack directly. So the border villages' garrisons will remain and be reinforced. So on turn 21, Zaragoza will have: original 1 knight + from Barcelona (3 archers, 3 knights) + from Tarragona (4 archers, 2 knights) + from Huesca (3 archers, 2 knights) + from Girona (3 knights) = total: 1 knight + 3+2+2+3 = 11 knights? Wait, let's sum: Barcelona: 3 knights, Tarragona: 2 knights, Huesca: 2 knights, Girona: 3 knights = 10 knights + original 1 = 11 knights. Archers: Barcelona 3, Tarragona 4, Huesca 3 = 10 archers. So Zaragoza will have 11 knights, 10 archers, 0 spearmen. That's 21 troops. Its defense will increase significantly. That's great.

Burgos: original 2 troops (1 archer, 1 knight) + from Pamplona (3 archers, 1 knight) + from Vigo (2 archers, 1 knight) = total: knights: 1+1+1=3, archers: 1+3+2=6. So 9 troops. Better.

Cordoba: original 4 troops (1 spear, 2 archers, 1 knight) + from Valencia (2 archers, 2 knights) + from Murcia (2 archers, 1 knight) = total: spear 1, archers: 2+2+2=6, knights: 1+2+1=4. So 11 troops. Good.

Teruel: original 22 troops + from Valencia (1 archer, 1 knight) + from Castellon (1 archer, 2 knights) = +2 archers, 3 knights. So Teruel becomes strong.

Vigo: original 12 troops - sent 2 archers, 1 knight = 10 troops? Actually, we sent from Vigo to Burgos, so Vigo's garrison reduces. But Vigo is not a target for reinforcement; we are taking from it. That might weaken it. Vigo is border with Porto. We should be careful. Maybe we shouldn't send from Vigo. Let's reconsider: Vigo has 12 troops. We sent 2 archers, 1 knight to Burgos. That leaves 3 spear, 5 archers, 1 knight = 9 troops. Its defense was 30. With fewer troops, defense might drop. But we can build new troops at Vigo this turn (we planned 1 knight). So next turn, Vigo will have 1 knight built, so back to 10? Actually, build adds 1 knight, so total 9+1=10. Still a bit less. But maybe it's okay. We can also not send from Vigo, and instead send from somewhere else to Burgos. Pamplona is sending all to Burgos. That's 3 archers, 1 knight. That's enough. We can skip the Vigo send. Let's cancel the send from Vigo to Burgos. So Vigo keeps its 12 troops. We'll just build there.

Similarly, we are sending from Valencia to Cordoba and Teruel. Valencia originally had 8 troops. We send 2 archers, 2 knights to Cordoba, and 1 archer, 1 knight to Teruel. That's 3 archers, 3 knights sent. Valencia left with 1 spear, 1 archer, 0 knight? Actually, original: 1 spear, 4 archers, 3 knights. Send 3 archers, 3 knights? We sent 2+1=3 archers, 2+1=3 knights. So left with 1 spear, 1 archer, 0 knight. That's only 2 troops. Valencia is interior, so it's safe, but it might be weak if we need to reinforce later. We can build 1 knight there this turn, so next turn it will have 1 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight = 3 troops. Still small. Maybe we should send fewer from Valencia. Let's send only to Cordoba: 2 archers, 1 knight. And not send to Teruel. Teruel already has 22 troops, it doesn't need reinforcement from Valencia. So we can keep Valencia's troops. Let's adjust: Valencia sends to Cordoba: 2 archers, 1 knight. Leaves 1 spear, 2 archers, 2 knights. That's better.

Castellon sends to Teruel: 1 archer, 2 knights. Castellon had 4 troops (1 archer, 3 knights). After send, left with 1 knight. That's fine, Castellon is interior.

Now, we also need to consider that we are sending attack forces from Tarragona, Huesca, Murcia, Cordoba. Those villages will lose those troops when they march off. So their garrisons will decrease. But they are interior, so it's okay. However, Tarragona is sending 6 knights to Madrid and 4 archers, 2 knights to Zaragoza. That's 6 knights + 2 knights = 8 knights, and 4 archers. Tarragona originally had 16 troops (8 archers, 8 knights). After sending, it will have 4 archers, 0 knights? Wait, it had 8 archers, 8 knights. Send 4 archers, 2 knights to Zaragoza, and 6 knights to Madrid. Total sent: 4 archers, 8 knights. So left with 4 archers, 0 knights. That's 4 troops. Tarragona is interior, but it's on the path to Zaragoza. If we leave it weak, it might be vulnerable if the enemy can reach it? The enemy is far; Tarragona is behind our lines. So it's probably safe.

Huesca: originally 11 troops (7 archers, 4 knights). Send 2 knights to Madrid, 3 archers, 2 knights to Zaragoza. Total sent: 3 archers, 4 knights. Left with 4 archers, 0 knights. That's 4 troops. Okay.

Murcia: originally 12 troops (1 spear, 7 archers, 4 knights). Send 5 archers, 2 knights to Sevilha, 2 archers, 1 knight to Cordoba. Total sent: 7 archers, 3 knights. Left with 1 spear, 0 archers, 1 knight = 2 troops. Murcia is interior, but it's close to Cordoba. It might be okay. We can build 1 archer there this turn, so next turn it will have 1 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight = 3 troops.

Cordoba: originally 4 troops. Send 2 archers, 1 knight to Sevilha. Left with 1 spear. Then receives reinforcements from Valencia (2 archers, 1 knight) and Murcia (2 archers, 1 knight). So after turn 21, Cordoba will have: original 1 spear + incoming 2+2=4 archers, 1+1=2 knights? Actually, from Valencia: 2 archers, 1 knight; from Murcia: 2 archers, 1 knight. So total received: 4 archers, 2 knights. Plus the 1 spear left. So Cordoba will have 1 spear, 4 archers, 2 knights = 7 troops. That's decent.

Now, we need to ensure we have enough troops to send. We have listed all sends. Let's verify the numbers against available.

We also need to consider that some sends might arrive on different turns. We assumed all these sends take 1 turn. Let's verify travel times:

- Barcelona to Zaragoza: we sent 3 archers, 3 knights. Mixed army: slowest is archer (medium). Barcelona to Zaragoza is 2 edges. For medium, 2 edges = 1 turn? The report says Barcelona to Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. So medium takes 1 turn. So arrival turn 21. Good.
- Tarragona to Zaragoza: 1 edge. All speeds 1 turn. Arrival turn 21.
- Huesca to Zaragoza: 1 edge. Arrival turn 21.
- Girona to Zaragoza: Girona -> Huesca -> Zaragoza = 2 edges. We sent 3 knights (fast). Fast for 2 edges = 1 turn. Arrival turn 21.
- Pamplona to Burgos: 1 edge. Arrival turn 21.
- Valencia to Cordoba: Valencia -> Murcia -> Cordoba = 2 edges. We sent 2 archers, 1 knight. Slowest is archer (medium). 2 edges for medium = 1 turn. Arrival turn 21.
- Murcia to Cordoba: 1 edge. Arrival turn 21.
- Castellon to Teruel: 1 edge. Arrival turn 21.
- Valencia to Teruel: we canceled.
- Tarragona to Madrid: Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> Madrid = 2 edges. We sent 6 knights (fast). Fast for 2 edges = 1 turn. Arrival turn 21.
- Huesca to Madrid: Huesca -> Zaragoza -> Madrid = 2 edges. 2 knights (fast). Arrival turn 21.
- Murcia to Sevilha: Murcia -> Cordoba -> Sevilha = 2 edges. We sent 5 archers, 2 knights. Slowest is archer (medium). 2 edges for medium = 1 turn. Arrival turn 21.
- Cordoba to Sevilha: 1 edge. We sent 2 archers, 1 knight. Slowest is archer? Actually, we sent archers and knight. Knight is fast, archer is medium. So slowest is medium. 1 edge = 1 turn for all. Arrival turn 21.

So all these movements arrive on turn 21. That means on turn 21, we will have multiple armies arriving at different places. The attacks on Madrid and Sevilha will occur on turn 21. The reinforcements will also arrive on turn 21. The order of events on turn 21: The report will show what happened last turn. We need to see if the attacks happen before or after reinforcements? The rules: "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." So all our orders for turn 20 are executed simultaneously. The movements take time, so they will resolve on turn 21. On turn 21, the armies arrive and fight. The reinforcements also arrive. The order of arrivals might matter for combat, but since they are all arriving at different places, it might not be an issue. However, at Madrid, we have two armies arriving: from Tarragona and from Huesca. They will fight sequentially. The order might be determined by something (maybe the order we list them?). We should ensure the larger wave goes first? Or it doesn't matter because both should win. At Sevilha, we have from Murcia and from Cordoba. Again, both should win.

But we need to check if the enemy might attack our border villages on turn 21. The enemy writes orders on turn 20 based on the snapshot. They see our villages as they are now. They might send troops to attack Zaragoza, Burgos, etc. Those enemy armies will also arrive on turn 21 (or later). If they attack Zaragoza, they will meet our reinforcements? Actually, if they send from Madrid to Zaragoza, that's 1 turn. So they would arrive on turn 21. Our reinforcements to Zaragoza also arrive on turn 21. Would they fight? The enemy army arrives at Zaragoza (our village). If we have reinforcements arriving there, they would join the garrison? The rule: "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So our reinforcements arriving at Zaragoza will join the garrison. If the enemy arrives at the same time, do they fight before or after the reinforcements join? The rules don't specify the timing of arrivals. Typically, all arrivals happen at the start of the turn, then combat is resolved. So the reinforcements would be added to the garrison before the enemy attacks? Or the enemy attacks and fights the garrison as it was? This is ambiguous. In many such games, all movements are resolved, then battles occur. So if both an enemy army and our reinforcements arrive at Zaragoza on the same turn, the reinforcements would arrive and join the garrison, then the enemy army would attack the now-reinforced garrison. That would be good for us. But if the enemy army arrives first and attacks, then our reinforcements arrive later, they might join after the battle. The rules: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So if the enemy army is marching to Zaragoza, they will arrive and fight the garrison. Our reinforcements are also marching to Zaragoza. They are not "armies on the march" that would fight; they are just reinforcements. The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." That applies to attacking armies. For reinforcements, they just join. So if an enemy attacking army and our reinforcing army arrive at the same time, what happens? The enemy army is there to attack the village. The village's garrison includes the current troops plus any reinforcements that arrived. I think the reinforcements would be there when the enemy arrives, so they would defend. But we need to be careful.

Given the uncertainty, we should try to ensure our border villages have enough troops to defend even if the enemy attacks. Our reinforcements will help.

Now, we also need to consider that we are building troops this turn. Those builds will be ready next turn (turn 21). They will add to the home villages' garrisons. So on turn 21, our villages will have new troops. For example, Zaragoza builds 2 archers. Those will be ready on turn 21 and can be used for defense or further orders on turn 21.

We need to write our orders for this turn. The JSON should include "build" and "movements". We also need to write "plan" and "statement".

Let's finalize the builds and movements.

Builds: we decided earlier. Let's list them clearly:

- [22] Barcelona: build 1 knight
- [21] Tarragona: build 2 archers
- [23] Girona: build 1 knight
- [18] Castellon: build 2 archers
- [17] Zaragoza: build 2 archers
- [20] Huesca: build 1 archer
- [16] Valencia: build 1 knight
- [13] Teruel: build 2 archers
- [15] Murcia: build 1 archer
- [19] Pamplona: build 1 archer
- [14] Burgos: build 1 knight
- [11] Cordoba: build 2 archers
- [10] Vigo: build 1 knight

We might want to adjust builds based on our send plans. For example, we are sending many archers from Tarragona, Huesca, Murcia. We might want to build more archers there to replenish. But we already have builds there. Tarragona builds 2 archers, Huesca 1, Murcia 1. That's okay.

Now movements. Let's list all movements with exact numbers. We need to ensure we don't send more than available. Let's re-check available troops for each sending village after builds? No, builds are for next turn; the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" is what we can send this turn. So we must use only those numbers.

Let's go village by village and decide final sends.

Village [22] Barcelona: available: 6 spear, 9 archer, 6 knight.
We want to send to Zaragoza [17]. To arrive in 1 turn, we should send only archers and knights (medium/fast). We can send some spearmen too, but they would take 2 turns. Since we want Zaragoza reinforced by turn 21, we should send fast/medium. Let's send: 3 archers, 3 knights. (We could send more, but we want to keep some at Barcelona for defense? Barcelona is capital, safe. We can send more. But we have builds there: 1 knight will be ready next turn. So we can send more now. Let's send 4 archers, 4 knights? Available: 9 archers, 6 knights. We can send up to 6 knights. Let's send 4 archers, 4 knights to Zaragoza. That uses 4 archers, 4 knights. Leaves 6 spear, 5 archers, 2 knights. Good.

Village [21] Tarragona: available: 0 spear, 8 archer, 8 knight.
We want to send to Madrid [12] and Zaragoza [17].
To Madrid: send 6 knights (fast, 1 turn).
To Zaragoza: send 2 archers, 2 knights? Available after Madrid send: 8 archers, 2 knights left. So we can send 2 archers, 2 knights to Zaragoza. That uses all remaining knights, and 2 archers. Leaves 6 archers at Tarragona. So sends: to Madrid: 6 knights; to Zaragoza: 2 archers, 2 knights.

Village [20] Huesca: available: 0 spear, 7 archer, 4 knight.
To Madrid: send 2 knights.
To Zaragoza: send 3 archers, 2 knights. (Uses 3 archers, 2 knights; total sent 4 knights, 3 archers. Leaves 4 archers, 0 knights.)

Village [23] Girona: available: 10 spear, 3 archer, 6 knight.
We want to send to Zaragoza. Girona to Zaragoza: 2 edges. We can send knights (fast) to arrive in 1 turn. Send 3 knights to Zaragoza. Leaves 10 spear, 3 archer, 3 knights.

Village [19] Pamplona: available: 0 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight.
Send all to Burgos [14]: 3 archers, 1 knight. (1 turn)

Village [10] Vigo: available: 3 spear, 7 archer, 2 knight.
We decided not to send to Burgos to keep its garrison. So no sends from Vigo. (We can keep all for defense.)

Village [16] Valencia: available: 1 spear, 4 archer, 3 knight.
Send to Cordoba [11]: 2 archers, 1 knight. (2 edges, medium=1 turn). Leaves 1 spear, 2 archers, 2 knights.

Village [18] Castellon: available: 0 spear, 1 archer, 3 knight.
Send to Teruel [13]: 1 archer, 2 knights. (1 turn). Leaves 1 knight.

Village [15] Murcia: available: 1 spear, 7 archer, 4 knight.
Send to Sevilha [9]: 5 archers, 2 knights. (2 edges, medium=1 turn)
Send to Cordoba [11]: 2 archers, 1 knight. (1 turn)
Total sent: 7 archers, 3 knights. Leaves 1 spear, 0 archers, 1 knight.

Village [11] Cordoba: available: 1 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight.
Send to Sevilha [9]: 2 archers, 1 knight. (1 turn). Leaves 1 spear.

Village [13] Teruel: no sends. (Keep 22 troops)
Village [14] Burgos: no sends. (Keep 2 troops)
Village [17] Zaragoza: no sends. (Keep 1 knight)

Now, we also need to consider if we should send from Zaragoza to Madrid? We are not, to keep its garrison.

We also have Salamanca [7] which is not ours. So no sends there.

Now, let's check if any of these sends are invalid. We must not send troops that the village doesn't have. All good.

Now, we need to think about the enemy's possible actions and our plan. Our plan is to reinforce our border villages and attack Madrid and Sevilha simultaneously. We hope to conquer both on turn 21. If we conquer Madrid and Sevilha, we will have 15 villages. We need 18 for 2 consecutive turns. So we need 3 more. We can then attack Toledo or Porto or others.

But we must also consider that the enemy might defend Madrid and Sevilha. They might have reinforcements arriving? The enemy writes orders at the same time as us, based on the snapshot. They see our villages and their own. They might see our troop movements? No, fog of war: they see only where their villages and armies reach. They don't see our orders. They might see our armies on the march if they are near? The rule: "You do NOT see the whole map. You see: your own villages, every village directly connected to one of yours by road, and the destination of each army you have on the march." So we see armies on the march only if they are going to a village we can see? Actually, "the destination of each army you have on the march" - we see the destination of our own armies. For the enemy, they see the destination of their own armies. They don't see our armies unless their villages or armies reach them. So they might not see our attack forces until they arrive. So we might have the element of surprise.

However, the enemy might have attacked our border villages. We don't know. We'll see the results next turn.

Now, we need to write the "plan" and "statement".

Plan: We should write a note to ourselves about what we are doing and what to do next.

Statement: Write a few lines for the audience about what we did this turn.

Let's draft the plan:
"Plan: This turn we reinforce our border villages (Zaragoza, Burgos, Cordoba, Teruel) and launch attacks on Madrid and Sevilha. We send knights from Tarragona and Huesca to Madrid, and archers/knights from Murcia and Cordoba to Sevilha. We also send reinforcements to Zaragoza from Barcelona, Tarragona, Huesca, Girona; to Burgos from Pamplona; to Cordoba from Valencia and Murcia; to Teruel from Castellon. We build troops in all villages to grow our army. Next turn, we will assess the results of the attacks and plan further expansion, possibly targeting Toledo or Porto. We must hold 18 villages for 2 turns to win."

Statement: "We have reinforced our borders and launched a double attack on Madrid and Sevilha. Our knights strike at Madrid while our archers overwhelm Sevilha. We have also built up our army for the push to 18 villages. The enemy may try to counterattack, but our strengthened garrisons should hold."

Now, we need to format the JSON. The fields are: build, movements, plan, statement.

Build: list of objects with villageId, type, quantity.
Movements: list of objects with fromId, toId, troops (spearman, archer, knight).

Let's compile the builds list. We'll use the village IDs as numbers.

Builds:
- villageId: 22, type: "knight", quantity: 1
- villageId: 21, type: "archer", quantity: 2
- villageId: 23, type: "knight", quantity: 1
- villageId: 18, type: "archer", quantity: 2
- villageId: 17, type: "archer", quantity: 2
- villageId: 20, type: "archer", quantity: 1
- villageId: 16, type: "knight", quantity: 1
- villageId: 13, type: "archer", quantity: 2
- villageId: 15, type: "archer", quantity: 1
- villageId: 19, type: "archer", quantity: 1
- villageId: 14, type: "knight", quantity: 1
- villageId: 11, type: "archer", quantity: 2
- villageId: 10, type: "knight", quantity: 1

Movements: we need to list each send. We'll list them in order.

1. from 22 to 17: troops: spearman 0, archer 4, knight 4
2. from 21 to 12: spearman 0, archer 0, knight 6
3. from 21 to 17: spearman 0, archer 2, knight 2
4. from 20 to 12: spearman 0, archer 0, knight 2
5. from 20 to 17: spearman 0, archer 3, knight 2
6. from 23 to 17: spearman 0, archer 0, knight 3
7. from 19 to 14: spearman 0, archer 3, knight 1
8. from 16 to 11: spearman 0, archer 2, knight 1
9. from 18 to 13: spearman 0, archer 1, knight 2
10. from 15 to 9: spearman 0, archer 5, knight 2
11. from 15 to 11: spearman 0, archer 2, knight 1
12. from 11 to 9: spearman 0, archer 2, knight 1

We should also consider if we want to send from somewhere else. What about from Girona to Huesca? Not needed.

We have no sends from Vigo, Teruel, Zaragoza, Burgos, Barcelona (except to Zaragoza), Pamplona (except to Burgos), etc.

Now, check if any of these sends have troops that are not available. We already checked.

One more thing: The rule "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." We must ensure each build is affordable. Let's verify:

- [22] Barcelona: wood 40, iron 30. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Affordable.
- [21] Tarragona: wood 40, iron 20. Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. 2 archers = 40 wood, 20 iron. Affordable.
- [23] Girona: wood 30, iron 90. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Affordable.
- [18] Castellon: wood 40, iron 30. 2 archers = 40 wood, 20 iron. Affordable.
- [17] Zaragoza: wood 60, iron 20. 2 archers = 40 wood, 20 iron. Affordable.
- [20] Huesca: wood 30, iron 20. 1 archer = 20 wood, 10 iron. Affordable.
- [16] Valencia: wood 30, iron 30. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Affordable.
- [13] Teruel: wood 40, iron 30. 2 archers = 40 wood, 20 iron. Affordable.
- [15] Murcia: wood 30, iron 60. 1 archer = 20 wood, 10 iron. Affordable.
- [19] Pamplona: wood 30, iron 20. 1 archer = 20 wood, 10 iron. Affordable.
- [14] Burgos: wood 30, iron 30. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Affordable.
- [11] Cordoba: wood 40, iron 50. 2 archers = 40 wood, 20 iron. Affordable.
- [10] Vigo: wood 35, iron 40. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Affordable.

All affordable.

Now, we need to write the JSON. The plan and statement should be in English.

Let's write the plan: "Reinforce border villages and attack Madrid and Sevilha. Send knights from Tarragona/Huesca to Madrid, archers from Murcia/Cordoba to Sevilha. Reinforce Zaragoza, Burgos, Cordoba, Teruel. Build troops everywhere. Next turn, assess results and plan further expansion to reach 18 villages."

Statement: "We have strengthened our borders and launched a pincer attack on Madrid and Sevilha. Our knights strike at Madrid while our archers overwhelm Sevilha. We have also built up our army for the push to 18 villages. The enemy may try to counterattack, but our strengthened garrisons should hold."

Now, we need to output only the JSON. Let's format it.

We must ensure the JSON is valid. We'll use double quotes.

Let's double-check the movement list. We have 12 movements. We should order them maybe by fromId, but any order is fine.

We also need to consider if we should send any troops to Salamanca? We don't control it.

One more thing: We have an army from Tarragona to Madrid (6 knights) and from Huesca to Madrid (2 knights). They will arrive on turn 21. But what about the travel time for Tarragona to Madrid? We assumed 1 turn for knights. Let's verify: Tarragona to Zaragoza is 1 edge, Zaragoza to Madrid is 1 edge. So 2 edges. The report says Barcelona to Zaragoza (2 edges) takes 1 fast turn. So knights take 1 turn for 2 edges. So Tarragona to Madrid should also take 1 fast turn. So arrival turn 21. Good.

Huesca to Madrid: Huesca -> Zaragoza -> Madrid = 2 edges. Knights take 1 turn. Good.

Murcia to Sevilha: Murcia -> Cordoba -> Sevilha = 2 edges. Archers (medium) take 1 turn for 2 edges? The report says Barcelona to Zaragoza takes 1 medium turn for 2 edges. So yes, medium takes 1 turn. So arrival turn 21. Good.

Cordoba to Sevilha: 1 edge, 1 turn. Good.

All other reinforcements are 1 or 2 edges, and we sent only medium/fast troops, so they take 1 turn. So all arrive turn 21.

Now, what about the builds? They are ready at the start of turn 21? Typically, builds take 1 turn, so they are available on turn 21. So on turn 21, those new troops will be at the home villages. We didn't order them to move this turn, so they will just add to the garrison.

Now, we need to consider if we should also send some of the newly built troops? No, they are not available until next turn.

So our orders are set.

Let's write the JSON.

ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"cavaleiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":22,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":4,"cavaleiro":4}},{"origemId":21,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":6}},{"origemId":21,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":20,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":20,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":23,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":3}},{"origemId":19,"destinoId":14,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":16,"destinoId":11,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":18,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":15,"destinoId":9,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":5,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":15,"destinoId":11,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":11,"destinoId":9,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":1}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [21]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [18]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [18]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [17]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [17]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [20]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [16]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [13]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [13]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [15]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [19]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [14]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [11]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [11]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [10]
ACEITO envio [22]->[17]: 4A+4K
ACEITO envio [21]->[12]: 6K
ACEITO envio [21]->[17]: 2A+2K
ACEITO envio [20]->[12]: 2K
ACEITO envio [20]->[17]: 3A+2K
ACEITO envio [23]->[17]: 3K
ACEITO envio [19]->[14]: 3A+1K
ACEITO envio [16]->[11]: 2A+1K
ACEITO envio [18]->[13]: 1A+2K
ACEITO envio [15]->[9]: 5A+2K
ACEITO envio [15]->[11]: 2A+1K
ACEITO envio [11]->[9]: 2A+1K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Reinforce border villages and attack Madrid and Sevilha. Send knights from Tarragona/Huesca to Madrid, archers from Murcia/Cordoba to Sevilha. Reinforce Zaragoza, Burgos, Cordoba, Teruel. Build troops everywhere. Next turn, assess results and plan further expansion to reach 18 villages.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): We have strengthened our borders and launched a pincer attack on Madrid and Sevilha. Our knights strike at Madrid while our archers overwhelm Sevilha. We have also built up our army for the push to 18 villages. The enemy may try to counterattack, but our strengthened garrisons should hold.
COMBATE [12] Madrid: atacante A Fatk=30 (ef 30) Fdef=16 (ef 20) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~10
COMBATE [7] Salamanca: atacante A Fatk=40 (ef 40) Fdef=22 (ef 28) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~14
COMBATE [11] Cordoba: atacante B Fatk=18 (ef 27) Fdef=18 (ef 23) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~8
REFORCO [15] Murcia dono B: 1S+3A+2K
COMBATE [12] Madrid: atacante B Fatk=10 (ef 10) Fdef=20 (ef 25) vant=0 -> vence defensor | baixas~4
COMBATE [12] Madrid: atacante B Fatk=8 (ef 12) Fdef=16 (ef 20) vant=1 -> vence defensor | baixas~5
REFORCO [13] Teruel dono B: 1K
placar: A 11 ald/tropas 115 | B 13 ald/tropas 85 | neutras 0 | transito 12 (A 0 | B 12)

########## TURNO 21 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4721 | resposta 19584 | raciocinio 14514 | finish stop | ms 187329
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 7, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 8, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 9, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 4, \"toId\": 9, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"archer\": 6, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 8, \"toId\": 11, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"archer\": 9, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 3, \"toId\": 6, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 5, \"knight\": 4}},\n    {\"fromId\": 7, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 5, \"archer\": 8, \"knight\": 1}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Multi-pronged offensive. Reinforce Sevilha from Badajoz to hold southern front against expected attack. Send all troops from Toledo to take Cordoba (def 15), and from Salamanca to take Madrid (def 18). Reinforce Porto from Coimbra for attack on Vigo next turn. Build knights/archers everywhere to replenish. After taking Cordoba and Madrid, push towards Murcia, Burgos, Zaragoza to reach 18 villages.\",\n  \"statement\": \"I am attacking on multiple fronts to overwhelm the enemy. My Toledo garrison marches on Cordoba, while Salamanca takes Madrid. Badajoz reinforces Sevilha to turn back the enemy's assault. Coimbra sends troops to Porto to prepare the next push. I am building knights across the realm to sustain the offensive. The enemy is spread thin, and I will exploit their weaknesses to win.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A in a turn-based strategy game. I need to analyze the current state, decide on builds and movements, and output a JSON object with my orders, plus a plan and statement.

Let's analyze the current state:
- I hold 10 of 24 villages. I need 18 (75%) for 2 consecutive turns to win, or eliminate all enemy villages.
- Enemy is King B.
- My villages:
  - [0] Lisboa (Capital): 4 troops (4 knight). Wood 70, Iron 50.
  - [1] Santarem: 7 troops (3 archer, 4 knight). Wood 70, Iron 100.
  - [2] Evora: 4 troops (4 knight). Wood 70, Iron 80.
  - [3] Coimbra: 19 troops (15 archer, 4 knight). Wood 60, Iron 180.
  - [4] Badajoz: 20 troops (4 spearman, 14 archer, 2 knight). Wood 60, Iron 110.
  - [5] Faro: 9 troops (4 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight). Wood 60, Iron 110.
  - [6] Porto: 11 troops (2 spearman, 5 archer, 4 knight). Wood 65, Iron 180. Border with [10] Vigo.
  - [7] Salamanca: 14 troops (5 spearman, 8 archer, 1 knight). Wood 60, Iron 110. Border with [12] Madrid.
  - [8] Toledo: 15 troops (4 spearman, 9 archer, 2 knight). Wood 60, Iron 80. Border with [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel.
  - [9] Sevilha: 3 troops (2 spearman, 1 knight). Wood 70, Iron 70. Border with [11] Cordoba.

Enemy villages visible:
- [10] Vigo: 3 spearman, 7 archer, 3 knights. Def 33.
- [11] Cordoba: 1 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight. Def 15.
- [12] Madrid: 7 knights. Def 18.
- [13] Teruel: 3 spearman, 15 archer, 9 knights. Def 68.

Enemy villages known from before:
- [14] Burgos: 1 archer, 1 knight.
- [15] Murcia: 2 spearman, 6 archer, 3 knights.
- [16] Valencia: 2 spearman, 7 archer, 3 knights.
- [17] Zaragoza: 1 knight.
- [18] Castellon: 2 spearman, 6 archer, 1 knight.

Unexplored:
- [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona (Enemy Capital), [23] Girona.

Road network:
- [0] Lisboa: [1], [2]
- [1] Santarem: [0], [3], [4]
- [2] Evora: [0], [5]
- [3] Coimbra: [1], [6], [7]
- [4] Badajoz: [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]
- [5] Faro: [2], [4], [9]
- [6] Porto: [3], [7], [10]
- [7] Salamanca: [3], [4], [6], [12]
- [8] Toledo: [4], [11], [12], [13]
- [9] Sevilha: [4], [5], [11]
- [10] Vigo: [6], [14]
- [11] Cordoba: [8], [9], [15]
- [12] Madrid: [7], [8], [14], [17]
- [13] Teruel: [8], [16], [17], [18]
- [14] Burgos: [10], [12], [19]
- [15] Murcia: [11], [16]
- [16] Valencia: [13], [15], [18]
- [17] Zaragoza: [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]
- [18] Castellon: [13], [16], [21]
- [19] Pamplona: [14], [17], [20]
- [20] Huesca: [17], [19], [23]
- [21] Tarragona: [17], [18], [22]
- [22] Barcelona: [21], [23]
- [23] Girona: [20], [22]

Armies on march:
- Enemy army marching toward [11] Cordoba (reinforcement) - arrives in 1 turn.
- Enemy army marching toward [9] Sevilha (attack) - arrives in 1 turn.

What happened last turn:
- King B attacked [12] Madrid with 6 knights (effective force 36 vs defense 15): village fell. My garrison (6 archers) destroyed.
- Reinforcements arrived at [12] Madrid (2 knights), [13] Teruel (1 archer, 2 knights), [11] Cordoba (2 archers, 1 knight).
- King B attacked [9] Sevilha with 2 archers, 1 knight (force 12 vs defense 15): repelled, army destroyed. I lost 3 troops (3 left).

Current resources and troops:
I have 106 soldiers at home.
Total wood and iron per village: 30 wood, 20 iron per turn.
Let's check build costs:
- spearman: 15 wood + 0 iron
- archer: 20 wood + 10 iron
- knight: 30 wood + 30 iron

Let's calculate what I can build in each village:
- [0] Lisboa: wood 70, iron 50. Can build knights (30/30). Max knights: min(70/30, 50/30) = 2. But cap is 300, currently 4. Can build 2 knights (cost 60 wood, 60 iron - wait, iron is 50, so only 1 knight? 30 wood, 30 iron. Yes, 1 knight. Can also build archers (20/10). Max archers: min(70/20, 50/10) = 5. Or spearmen (15/0). Max spearmen: 70/15 = 4.
- [1] Santarem: wood 70, iron 100. Knights: min(70/30, 100/30) = 2. Archers: min(70/20, 100/10) = 3. Spearmen: 70/15 = 4.
- [2] Evora: wood 70, iron 80. Knights: 2. Archers: 3. Spearmen: 4.
- [3] Coimbra: wood 60, iron 180. Knights: 2. Archers: 3. Spearmen: 4.
- [4] Badajoz: wood 60, iron 110. Knights: 2. Archers: 3. Spearmen: 4.
- [5] Faro: wood 60, iron 110. Knights: 2. Archers: 3. Spearmen: 4.
- [6] Porto: wood 65, iron 180. Knights: 2. Archers: 3. Spearmen: 4.
- [7] Salamanca: wood 60, iron 110. Knights: 2. Archers: 3. Spearmen: 4.
- [8] Toledo: wood 60, iron 80. Knights: 2. Archers: 3. Spearmen: 4.
- [9] Sevilha: wood 70, iron 70. Knights: 2. Archers: 3. Spearmen: 4.

I need to decide on a strategy.
Goal: Hold 18 villages or eliminate enemy villages.
Currently hold 10. Enemy has at least 14 villages (10-13, 14-18, 19-23). Wait, total map has 24 villages. I have 10. Enemy has 14.
Enemy villages: 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23. That's 14.
I need to capture 8 more villages to reach 18.
Or I can eliminate all enemy villages, but that's harder.

Let's look at the fronts:
- [6] Porto faces [10] Vigo (def 33).
- [7] Salamanca faces [12] Madrid (def 18).
- [8] Toledo faces [11] Cordoba (def 15), [12] Madrid (def 18), [13] Teruel (def 68).
- [9] Sevilha faces [11] Cordoba (def 15).

Enemy army marching toward [9] Sevilha (attack) - arrives in 1 turn. I have 3 troops there (2 spearman, 1 knight). Effective defense of [9] Sevilha is 8 (location bonus included). Wait, the report says effective defense 8. But last turn, it was attacked with force 12 and repelled with defense 15? No, last turn it was attacked with force 12 vs defense 15, repelled. Now defense is 8? Maybe troops were lost.
Wait, [9] Sevilha has 3 troops: 2 spearman, 1 knight.
Defense of spearman is 2, knight is 2. Total defense = 2*2 + 2 = 6. Location bonus: village defense counts x1.25. So 6 * 1.25 = 7.5, rounded to 8. Yes, effective defense 8.
The enemy army marching toward [9] Sevilha: what is its composition? The report says "enemy army marching toward [9] Sevilha - YOUR village - arrives in 1 turn". It doesn't specify composition, but last turn it was 2 archers, 1 knight (force 12). It was repelled, but maybe they sent another one? Or the same one is still marching? "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN: King B attacked YOUR [9] Sevilha with 2 archers, 1 knight... REPELLED, their army was destroyed." But now there is an enemy army marching toward [9] Sevilha arriving in 1 turn. This must be a new attack.

Let's plan my moves.
I need to reinforce my border villages and prepare for attacks.
[9] Sevilha is weak (3 troops, def 8). It's about to be attacked. I should send reinforcements from nearby villages.
Neighbors of [9] Sevilha: [4] Badajoz, [5] Faro, [11] Cordoba (enemy).
From [4] Badajoz: 20 troops (4 spearman, 14 archer, 2 knight). March to [9] Sevilha: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns? Road network says [4] Badajoz is connected to [9] Sevilha. March time: "from here to your nearest border village [9] Sevilha: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" - wait, that was for [2] Evora. For [4] Badajoz, it says "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". But [4] is connected to [9] directly. Let's check road network: [4] Badajoz: [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. Yes, direct connection. March time from [4] to [9] should be short.
From [5] Faro: 9 troops (4 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight). Road to [9]: [5] Faro: [2], [4], [9]. Direct connection.

Enemy army marching toward [11] Cordoba (reinforcement) - arrives in 1 turn. This means [11] Cordoba will get stronger.

Let's look at opportunities to attack weak enemy villages.
[11] Cordoba has 1 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight. Def 15. It's weak!
[12] Madrid has 7 knights. Def 18.
[10] Vigo has 3 spearman, 7 archer, 3 knights. Def 33.
[13] Teruel has 3 spearman, 15 archer, 9 knights. Def 68. Very strong.

I should attack [11] Cordoba. It's connected to [8] Toledo and [9] Sevilha.
From [8] Toledo, I have 15 troops (4 spearman, 9 archer, 2 knight).
From [9] Sevilha, I have 3 troops (2 spearman, 1 knight).
If I attack [11] Cordoba from [8] Toledo, I can send all 15 troops.
Let's calculate effective force for attack on [11] Cordoba.
Attacker: 4 spearman, 9 archer, 2 knight.
Most numerous type: archer (9).
Counter triangle: archer counters spearman. So no counter bonus? Wait, archer counters spearman. The defender has 1 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous type is archer (4). Attacker most numerous is archer (9). Tie? "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So tie goes to spearman? No, "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight". This means if there is a tie in the most numerous type, we look at the next most numerous? Or the order is spearman, archer, knight for tie-breaking? "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight" probably means spearman is first in tie-break, then archer, then knight. But here both are archer. So no counter bonus.
Wait, the rule says: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5 (every troop in it, not only the countering type)."
Attacker most numerous: archer. Defender most numerous: archer. No counter.
Attacker attack power: spearman 1, archer 2, knight 4.
Total attack = 4*1 + 9*2 + 2*4 = 4 + 18 + 8 = 30.
Defender defense: spearman 2, archer 2, knight 2.
Total defense = 1*2 + 4*2 + 1*2 = 2 + 8 + 2 = 12.
Location bonus: village defense counts x1.25. Effective defense is 15 (already includes bonus).
So attacker force 30 vs defender effective force 15.
Attacker wins. Loser is destroyed entirely. Winner loses troops worth half of loser's effective force.
Loser's effective force = 15. Half = 7.5, rounded? "The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself."
How is the loss spread? "spread over its troop types". Probably means we lose troops proportional to their attack values? Or just subtract from the army? The rules don't specify exactly how the loss is distributed, but it says "spread over its troop types". I'll assume it means we lose some of each type, but the exact calculation might be complex. For ordering purposes, I just need to know if the attack is feasible. Yes, 30 vs 15 is a win.

But wait, [11] Cordoba is also connected to [9] Sevilha. If I attack from [8] Toledo, the army will march along the road. Road from [8] to [11]: [8] Toledo: [4], [11], [12], [13]. Direct connection. March time: "march from [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to [11] Cordoba. So it takes 1 turn for fast troops, 1 turn for medium, 1 turn for slow? Wait, "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means 1 turn for all? Or 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast? Usually it means the number of turns for each speed. If it's 1/1/1, it means 1 turn regardless of speed.
If I send troops from [8] Toledo to [11] Cordoba, they arrive next turn.
But [9] Sevilha is also connected to [11] Cordoba. If I send from [9], it's also 1 turn.

What about [12] Madrid? Def 18, 7 knights.
If I attack from [7] Salamanca (14 troops: 5 spearman, 8 archer, 1 knight) or [8] Toledo (15 troops).
Attacker from [7]: 5 spearman (atk 1), 8 archer (atk 2), 1 knight (atk 4). Total atk = 5 + 16 + 4 = 25.
Defender: 7 knights. Defense = 7 * 2 = 14. Location bonus x1.25 = 17.5, effective defense 18.
Attacker most numerous: archer (8). Defender most numerous: knight (7). Archer does NOT counter knight. Knight counters archer. So defender has counter bonus? Wait, the counter bonus applies to the attacker if they have the counter. "spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5". So if attacker has knight and defender has archer, attacker gets 1.5x. Here attacker has archer, defender has knight. No counter for attacker. Defender doesn't get counter bonus (the rule says "Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5", it doesn't specify defender, but usually it's for the attacker). Wait, "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle... Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5". It says "your troops", so it's for the attacker. So attacker gets 1.5x if they counter the defender's most numerous type.
Here, attacker most numerous is archer, defender most numerous is knight. Archer does not counter knight. So no bonus.
Attacker force 25 vs defender 18. Attacker wins.
But wait, [12] Madrid is also connected to [14] Burgos and [17] Zaragoza. Reinforcements might arrive.

Let's think about the overall strategy.
I need to capture 8 more villages.
The easiest targets are [11] Cordoba (def 15) and [12] Madrid (def 18).
[10] Vigo is def 33, harder.
[13] Teruel is def 68, very hard.
The unexplored villages might be weak, but I can't see them.

I should reinforce [9] Sevilha because it's about to be attacked.
From [4] Badajoz, I can send troops to [9] Sevilha.
[4] Badajoz has 20 troops. I can send some or all.
But I also want to attack [11] Cordoba from [8] Toledo.
And maybe attack [12] Madrid from [7] Salamanca.

Let's check the enemy army marching toward [9] Sevilha. It arrives in 1 turn. If I send reinforcements from [4] Badajoz, they also arrive in 1 turn (since march time is 1 turn). Do they arrive before the enemy? "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." So the enemy army marching toward [9] Sevilha was ordered last turn, and arrives this turn. My reinforcements ordered now will also arrive this turn? "Marching takes turns, and during those turns the enemy keeps building and moving." If march time is 1 turn, they arrive next turn. The enemy army "arrives in 1 turn" means it arrives at the start of this turn? Or at the end? "ARMIES ON THE MARCH: ... arrives in 1 turn". Usually, it means it arrives at the end of the turn, or during the turn. Since orders are simultaneous, the enemy army that is already on march will arrive and fight before my newly ordered troops arrive? Or do they all arrive simultaneously? "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This implies they can arrive on the same turn. But the order of fights might depend on who marched first or something. To be safe, I should reinforce [9] Sevilha with enough troops to defeat the incoming enemy army.
What is the composition of the enemy army marching toward [9] Sevilha? It's not specified, but last turn it was 2 archers, 1 knight (force 12). It might be the same army again, or a different one. I'll assume it's similar strength.
My current garrison in [9] Sevilha: 2 spearman, 1 knight. Effective defense 8.
If enemy has 2 archers, 1 knight: attack = 2*2 + 4 = 8. My defense = 8. Tie favors defender. So I might win without reinforcements. But I lost 3 troops last turn, so I'm down to 3. If I lose more, I might be destroyed.
Actually, the report says: "King B attacked YOUR [9] Sevilha with 2 archers, 1 knight (effective force 12 vs your defense 15): REPELLED, their army was destroyed. You lost 3 troops (3 left)." Wait, effective force 12 vs defense 15? How did they get 12? 2 archers (atk 2 each = 4) + 1 knight (atk 4) = 8. Maybe they had a counter bonus? Or maybe the "effective force" includes something else. The report says "effective force 12 vs your defense 15". So my defense was 15 then. Now my defense is 8 because I lost troops.
If the enemy sends the same army again, their effective force might be 12 again. My defense is 8. I would lose. So I need to reinforce.
From [4] Badajoz, I can send spearman and archers. Let's send 4 spearman and 4 archers from [4] to [9] Sevilha.
Wait, [4] Badajoz has 4 spearman, 14 archer, 2 knight. If I send 4 spearman and 4 archers, I have 10 archer, 2 knight left.
March time from [4] to [9]: road network says [4] is connected to [9]. The report says "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for [4] Badajoz. But [9] is also a border village. Let's check the distance. [4] to [9] is a direct road. It should be 1 turn for fast, maybe 2 for slow? The report doesn't specify march times from [4] to [9]. But in the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" section, it lists march times from your nearest village. For [9] Sevilha, it says "march from [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" and "march from [4] Badajoz: ..."? No, it doesn't list [4] to [9]. But [4] is connected to [9]. I'll assume it's 1 or 2 turns. Since the enemy army arrives in 1 turn, I need my reinforcements to arrive in 1 turn or less. If march time is 2 turns for slow troops, they won't arrive in time. I should send knights (fast) if I need them to arrive in 1 turn. But I don't have to send slow troops. I can send only archers and knights.
Actually, the report says for [4] Badajoz: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". This suggests that to [8] Toledo, it takes 1 turn for all speeds. But [9] Sevilha is also a border village. The distance might be similar. Let's check the road network: [4] Badajoz is connected to [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. [8] Toledo is 1 turn away. [9] Sevilha is probably also 1 turn away.
To be safe, I'll send a mix that can arrive quickly. But the game might have specific march times. Since the report doesn't give march times for [4] to [9], I'll assume it's similar to [8] Toledo: 1 turn for all.

Let's plan the builds and movements.

Builds:
I need to build troops to replace losses and expand.
My villages have plenty of resources.
I'll build archers and knights because they are more powerful.
Costs:
- archer: 20 wood + 10 iron
- knight: 30 wood + 30 iron
- spearman: 15 wood + 0 iron

I have 106 troops at home. Cap is 300 per village, so I can build a lot.
Let's build in each village:
- [0] Lisboa: 4 knights. Cost: 120 wood, 120 iron. But I only have 70 wood, 50 iron. So can't afford 4 knights. Can afford 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and some archers. Let's build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) and 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Total: 70 wood, 50 iron. Perfect.
- [1] Santarem: 70 wood, 100 iron. Build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Total: 80 wood, 70 iron. Or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) and 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) = 90 wood, 60 iron. Let's do 2 knights, 1 archer: 80 wood, 70 iron. Wait, 70 wood available. 2 knights = 60 wood, 1 archer = 20 wood. Total 80 wood > 70. So can't. Let's do 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) = 70 wood, 50 iron. Remaining iron: 50.
- [2] Evora: 70 wood, 80 iron. Build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 80 wood > 70. So 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) = 70 wood, 50 iron.
- [3] Coimbra: 60 wood, 180 iron. Build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and 0 archers? Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 50 wood, 40 iron. Let's do 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 80 wood > 60. So 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) is max wood. Or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Knights are better. Let's do 2 knights.
- [4] Badajoz: 60 wood, 110 iron. Build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
- [5] Faro: 60 wood, 110 iron. Build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
- [6] Porto: 65 wood, 180 iron. Build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 80 wood > 65. So 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Let's do 2 knights.
- [7] Salamanca: 60 wood, 110 iron. Build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
- [8] Toledo: 60 wood, 80 iron. Build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
- [9] Sevilha: 70 wood, 70 iron. Build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).

Wait, I need to consider the cap of 300 troops per village. Currently, most villages have far fewer than 300. So building is fine.

But I also need to spend resources on builds, and resources are per village. Let's make sure each village can afford what I order.
Let's list the builds I can afford:
- [0] Lisboa: wood 70, iron 50. Can build 1 knight (30/30) + 2 archers (40/20) = 70/50. Or 4 spearmen (60/0) + ... Let's do 1 knight, 2 archers.
- [1] Santarem: wood 70, iron 100. Can build 2 knights (60/60) + 1 archer (20/10) = 80/70 -> wood exceeds by 10. So 1 knight (30/30) + 2 archers (40/20) = 70/50. Or 3 archers (60/30) + 1 knight (30/30) = 90/60 -> wood exceeds. Let's do 1 knight, 2 archers.
- [2] Evora: wood 70, iron 80. 1 knight (30/30) + 2 archers (40/20) = 70/50.
- [3] Coimbra: wood 60, iron 180. 2 knights (60/60).
- [4] Badajoz: wood 60, iron 110. 2 knights (60/60).
- [5] Faro: wood 60, iron 110. 2 knights (60/60).
- [6] Porto: wood 65, iron 180. 2 knights (60/60) + 1 archer (20/10) -> wood 80 > 65. So 2 knights (60/60) or 3 archers (60/30). Let's do 2 knights.
- [7] Salamanca: wood 60, iron 110. 2 knights (60/60).
- [8] Toledo: wood 60, iron 80. 2 knights (60/60).
- [9] Sevilha: wood 70, iron 70. 2 knights (60/60).

Total builds: many knights. This will strengthen my army.

Now movements.
I need to reinforce [9] Sevilha. It's about to be attacked.
From [4] Badajoz, I can send troops. [4] has 20 troops. I can send 4 spearman, 6 archer, 0 knight? Or just send all available? But I need to keep some for defense and future attacks.
Actually, [4] Badajoz is interior, so it's safe from direct attack until I expand. I can send a large portion.
Let's send from [4] Badajoz to [9] Sevilha: 4 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight. That's 12 troops. This should help defend [9].
Wait, [4] Badajoz has 4 spearman, 14 archer, 2 knight. If I send 4 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight, I leave 8 archer, 0 knight. That's fine.
But I also want to attack [11] Cordoba from [8] Toledo.
[8] Toledo has 4 spearman, 9 archer, 2 knight. I can send all 15 troops to attack [11] Cordoba.
Let's check the attack on [11] Cordoba.
Defender: 1 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight. Effective defense 15.
Attacker: 4 spearman, 9 archer, 2 knight.
Attack power: 4*1 + 9*2 + 2*4 = 4 + 18 + 8 = 30.
Most numerous: archer (9). Defender most numerous: archer (4). No counter.
Force 30 vs 15. Win.
But wait, the enemy is sending a reinforcement to [11] Cordoba: "enemy army marching toward [11] Cordoba - THEIR OWN village (a reinforcement) - arrives in 1 turn". So when I arrive, the reinforcement will already be there. The reinforcement is "2 archers, 1 knight" according to "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN: A reinforcement of King B (2 archers, 1 knight) arrived at [11] Cordoba". Wait, that was last turn. This turn, there is another reinforcement marching: "enemy army marching toward [11] Cordoba - THEIR OWN village (a reinforcement) - arrives in 1 turn". So the garrison of [11] Cordoba will increase by whatever is marching. The current garrison is 1 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight. The marching reinforcement is unknown composition, but likely similar. So [11] might have more troops.
Still, 15 troops from [8] Toledo should be enough.

What about [12] Madrid? It has 7 knights, def 18.
I can attack from [7] Salamanca. [7] has 5 spearman, 8 archer, 1 knight. Total 14 troops.
Attack power: 5*1 + 8*2 + 1*4 = 5 + 16 + 4 = 25.
Defender: 7 knights. Defense = 7*2 = 14. Effective defense with village bonus x1.25 = 17.5 -> 18.
Most numerous attacker: archer (8). Defender: knight (7). No counter.
Force 25 vs 18. Win.
But [12] Madrid is also connected to [14] Burgos and [17] Zaragoza. Reinforcements might arrive.
Also, if I attack [12] Madrid, I need to consider that [7] Salamanca is a border village. If I send all troops, [7] will be empty. But it's interior enough? [7] is connected to [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto, [12] Madrid. If I empty [7], it might be vulnerable if the enemy attacks from [12] after I take it? No, if I take [12], it becomes mine, so the enemy would have to attack from further away.

Let's think about the order of attacks.
I should attack [11] Cordoba from [8] Toledo, and also maybe from [9] Sevilha? But [9] is weak and needs defense. I'll keep some troops in [9] or send reinforcements.
Actually, if I attack [11] Cordoba from [8] Toledo, the army will stop at [11] and fight. If I also send from [9] Sevilha, they would fight separately. But [9] needs defense. So I'll send from [8] only.

What about [10] Vigo? Def 33. I have 11 troops in [6] Porto. Attack power: 2 spearman (2), 5 archer (10), 4 knight (16) = 28. Def 33. Not enough. I need to reinforce [6] Porto first.
From [3] Coimbra (19 troops) to [6] Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. I can send troops.
[3] Coimbra has 15 archer, 4 knight. I can send some to [6] Porto.
If I send 5 archer, 4 knight from [3] to [6], [6] will have 2 spearman, 10 archer, 8 knight. Attack power: 2 + 20 + 32 = 54. Def 33. Win.
But march time is 1 turn. If I send them now, they arrive next turn. Then I can attack [10] Vigo the turn after.

Let's summarize my plan:
1. Reinforce [9] Sevilha from [4] Badajoz to defend against incoming attack.
2. Attack [11] Cordoba from [8] Toledo with all troops.
3. Reinforce [6] Porto from [3] Coimbra to prepare for attack on [10] Vigo.
4. Build troops in all villages to replenish and grow.

Let's decide on exact numbers.

Movements:
- From [4] Badajoz to [9] Sevilha: send 4 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight. (Total 12 troops). This leaves [4] with 8 archer.
- From [8] Toledo to [11] Cordoba: send 4 spearman, 9 archer, 2 knight. (All 15 troops). This empties [8] Toledo, but it's okay because I'm attacking forward.
- From [3] Coimbra to [6] Porto: send 5 archer, 4 knight. (Total 9 troops). This leaves [3] with 10 archer.
Wait, [3] Coimbra has 15 archer, 4 knight. If I send 5 archer, 4 knight, I have 10 archer left. That's fine.
But I also need to consider that [6] Porto currently has 11 troops. If I send 9 more, it will have 20 troops. Good.

What about [7] Salamanca? It faces [12] Madrid. Should I attack [12] Madrid?
[7] has 5 spearman, 8 archer, 1 knight. Attack power 25 vs def 18. It's a win, but I might lose troops.
If I attack [12] Madrid, I empty [7] Salamanca. But [7] is connected to [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto. If I keep some troops in [3] and [4], they can reinforce [7] if needed.
Actually, if I take [12] Madrid, it becomes my village, and I can use it as a base for further attacks.
Let's attack [12] Madrid from [7] Salamanca. Send all 14 troops.
But wait, [12] Madrid has 7 knights. My attack power is 25. Effective defense 18. I win, but I lose troops. "The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force". Loser's effective force = 18. Half = 9. So I lose troops worth 9 attack points? Or defense points? "The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types". The loser's effective force is 18. Half is 9. My troops have total attack 25. I lose some portion. It's not too bad.
But if I attack [12] Madrid, I also need to consider that [12] is connected to [14] Burgos and [17] Zaragoza. The enemy might have reinforcements marching. But I don't see any enemy armies marching toward [12] Madrid in the report. So it's safe for now.

Let's check if I have enough troops to do all these attacks.
I have:
- [4] Badajoz: 20 troops. Send 12 to [9] Sevilha. Left: 8.
- [8] Toledo: 15 troops. Send 15 to [11] Cordoba. Left: 0.
- [3] Coimbra: 19 troops. Send 9 to [6] Porto. Left: 10.
- [7] Salamanca: 14 troops. Send 14 to [12] Madrid. Left: 0.
This leaves my interior villages with some troops, and my border villages will be empty or have few troops. But I'm attacking, so it's okay.

Wait, if I send from [8] Toledo to [11] Cordoba, and from [7] Salamanca to [12] Madrid, both attacks happen simultaneously. The enemy might also be doing things. But since I'm attacking, I take the initiative.

Let's refine the movements.
I should also consider sending troops from [6] Porto to attack [10] Vigo? But [6] only has 11 troops, not enough. I'm reinforcing [6] from [3] Coimbra. So I'll attack [10] next turn.

What about [9] Sevilha? I'm sending reinforcements, but I'm not attacking from it. That's fine.

Let's check the march times:
- [4] to [9]: road direct. Time: probably 1 turn for fast, maybe 2 for slow. The report says for [4] Badajoz: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So to [8] it's 1 turn for all. To [9] it should be similar. I'll assume 1 turn for all.
- [8] to [11]: "march from [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to [11] Cordoba. So 1 turn.
- [3] to [6]: "from here to your nearest border village [6] Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for [3] Coimbra. So 1 turn.
- [7] to [12]: "march from [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to [12] Madrid. So 1 turn.

All marches take 1 turn. So they arrive next turn.

Now, builds.
I need to rebuild the troops I'm sending.
Total troops sent: 12 + 15 + 9 + 14 = 50 troops.
I have 106 troops at home. After sending, I'll have 56 left, plus new builds.
I should build enough to replenish.
Let's calculate builds per village:
- [0] Lisboa: 1 knight, 2 archers (cost 70/50).
- [1] Santarem: 1 knight, 2 archers (cost 70/50).
- [2] Evora: 1 knight, 2 archers (cost 70/50).
- [3] Coimbra: 2 knights (cost 60/60). But I'm sending 9 troops from here, so I need to rebuild more. Actually, [3] will have 10 archer left. I can build 2 knights.
- [4] Badajoz: 2 knights (cost 60/60). I'm sending 12 troops, so I need to rebuild.
- [5] Faro: 2 knights (cost 60/60).
- [6] Porto: 2 knights (cost 60/60). I'm sending 0 from here, but receiving 9. So I don't need to build much, but I should build to grow.
- [7] Salamanca: 2 knights (cost 60/60). I'm sending all 14, so I need to rebuild.
- [8] Toledo: 2 knights (cost 60/60). I'm sending all 15, so I need to rebuild.
- [9] Sevilha: 2 knights (cost 60/60). I'm receiving 12, so it will have 15. I can build more.

Wait, I need to check if I can afford these builds with the resources each village has.
Let's list resources and builds:
- [0] Lisboa: wood 70, iron 50. Build 1 knight (30/30) + 2 archers (40/20) = 70/50. OK.
- [1] Santarem: wood 70, iron 100. Build 1 knight (30/30) + 2 archers (40/20) = 70/50. Remaining iron 50. Could build more? Maybe 1 knight + 3 archers = 30+60=90 wood > 70. No. So 1 knight + 2 archers.
- [2] Evora: wood 70, iron 80. Build 1 knight (30/30) + 2 archers (40/20) = 70/50. Remaining iron 30.
- [3] Coimbra: wood 60, iron 180. Build 2 knights (60/60). Remaining iron 120. Could build more? Wood is limiting. 2 knights use 60 wood. Can't build archers (need 20 wood). So only 2 knights.
- [4] Badajoz: wood 60, iron 110. Build 2 knights (60/60). Remaining iron 50.
- [5] Faro: wood 60, iron 110. Build 2 knights (60/60). Remaining iron 50.
- [6] Porto: wood 65, iron 180. Build 2 knights (60/60) + 1 archer (20/10) = 80 wood > 65. So 2 knights (60/60) or 3 archers (60/30). Let's do 2 knights. Remaining iron 120.
- [7] Salamanca: wood 60, iron 110. Build 2 knights (60/60). Remaining iron 50.
- [8] Toledo: wood 60, iron 80. Build 2 knights (60/60). Remaining iron 20.
- [9] Sevilha: wood 70, iron 70. Build 2 knights (60/60). Remaining iron 10.

This seems good. Total knights built: 1+1+1+2+2+2+2+2+2+2 = 17 knights. Plus archers: 2+2+2 = 6 archers.
Total new troops: 17 knights + 6 archers = 23 troops.
I'm sending 50 troops, so net loss of 27, but I had 106, so I'll have 106 - 50 + 23 = 79 troops at home next turn, plus the ones that arrive from marches. Wait, the marches take 1 turn, so they arrive next turn. The builds also take 1 turn, so they arrive next turn. So next turn, my villages will have:
- [0]: 4 + 1 knight + 2 archers = 7 troops (but I sent 0 from [0]).
- [1]: 7 + 1 knight + 2 archers = 10 troops.
- [2]: 4 + 1 knight + 2 archers = 7 troops.
- [3]: 19 - 9 sent + 2 knights = 12 troops.
- [4]: 20 - 12 sent + 2 knights = 10 troops.
- [5]: 9 + 2 knights = 11 troops.
- [6]: 11 + 9 arriving + 2 knights = 22 troops.
- [7]: 14 - 14 sent + 2 knights = 2 troops.
- [8]: 15 - 15 sent + 2 knights = 2 troops.
- [9]: 3 + 12 arriving + 2 knights = 17 troops.
Total: 7+10+7+12+10+11+22+2+2+17 = 100 troops. Plus the armies on march (50 troops) will arrive at their destinations. So total troops will be around 150.

Wait, the armies on march will arrive at the enemy villages and fight. If they win, they will occupy the village. If they lose, they are destroyed.
Let's check the battles:
1. [4] Badajoz -> [9] Sevilha: 12 troops (4 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight). Arrive at [9] Sevilha which has 3 troops (2 spearman, 1 knight) + whatever enemy is attacking. The enemy army marching toward [9] Sevilha arrives in 1 turn. So both arrive simultaneously. "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So the enemy army fights my garrison first, then my reinforcements? Or my reinforcements fight the enemy? The rule says: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". The enemy army is attacking [9] Sevilha, so it fights the garrison. My reinforcements are sent to [9] Sevilha, which is my village, so they join the garrison. But if the enemy arrives at the same time, do they fight the combined garrison? The rule says: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This applies to attacks on the same target. For defense, the garrison is the sum of all troops in the village. So my reinforcements will add to the garrison before the battle? Or do they arrive after? "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." So the enemy army is already on march, ordered last turn. It arrives this turn. My reinforcements are ordered this turn, they arrive next turn? Wait, march time is 1 turn. If I order them now, they start marching this turn and arrive next turn. The enemy army "arrives in 1 turn" means it was ordered last turn and arrives this turn. So the enemy army arrives this turn, my reinforcements arrive next turn. They miss each other!
Let's read carefully: "ARMIES ON THE MARCH: ... enemy army marching toward [9] Sevilha - YOUR village - arrives in 1 turn". This means at the start of this turn, it is 1 turn away. So it will arrive at the end of this turn, or during this turn. My orders are for this turn. If I send troops, they will start marching this turn and arrive next turn (since march time is 1 turn). So the enemy army will arrive and fight my current garrison (3 troops) before my reinforcements arrive. That's bad! My 3 troops will face the enemy army alone.
Wait, "Marching takes turns, and during those turns the enemy keeps building and moving. The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival." So the enemy army arrives at the end of the turn? Or at the start? Usually, in these games, all movements happen simultaneously at the end of the turn. So the enemy army that was 1 turn away arrives at the same time as my newly ordered troops arrive? No, if it was 1 turn away, it means it needs 1 more turn to arrive. So if I order troops with 1 turn march time, they also need 1 turn to arrive. They would both arrive at the end of this turn. But the rule says: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This implies that multiple sends can arrive at the same target on the same turn. So the enemy army and my reinforcements could both arrive at [9] Sevilha on the same turn. But the enemy is attacking, I am reinforcing. Do they fight? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". The enemy army is marching to [9] Sevilha, which is not theirs, so they stop and fight. My reinforcements are marching to [9] Sevilha, which is mine, so they join the garrison. But if they arrive at the same time, does the enemy fight the garrison including my reinforcements? The rule says: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This is for attacking the same target. For defense, the garrison is the troops already there. But if my reinforcements arrive at the same time as the enemy, they might not be considered part of the garrison yet. This is ambiguous.
Let's look at what happened last turn: "King B attacked YOUR [12] Madrid with 6 knights... the village FELL. Your garrison (6 archers) was destroyed." And "A reinforcement of King B (2 knights) arrived at [12] Madrid". This suggests that the reinforcement arrived after the attack? Or maybe the attack and reinforcement were separate events.
Actually, the report says: "A reinforcement of King B (2 knights) arrived at [12] Madrid" under "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN". This might mean that in the same turn, after the attack, a reinforcement arrived. But the attack happened, the village fell, then the reinforcement arrived? That doesn't make sense if the village fell. Maybe the reinforcement was sent to [12] Madrid before it fell? Or it's a separate event.
Given the ambiguity, I should assume that my reinforcements will arrive in time to help defend [9] Sevilha. Because if they don't, [9] Sevilha might fall with only 3 troops.
But wait, the enemy army marching toward [9] Sevilha: what is its strength? It's not specified. Last turn, the attack was repelled with force 12 vs my defense 15. Now my defense is 8. If the enemy sends the same force (2 archers, 1 knight, effective force 12), they will win against my 3 troops (defense 8). So I need reinforcements to arrive.
If my reinforcements arrive next turn, and the enemy arrives this turn, then [9] Sevilha might fall this turn. But if it falls, the enemy occupies it, and my reinforcements arriving next turn would have to fight the enemy garrison. That's possible but risky.
Let's re-read: "ARMIES ON THE MARCH: ... enemy army marching toward [9] Sevilha - YOUR village - arrives in 1 turn". This is the state at the start of turn 21. So at the end of turn 21, it will arrive. My orders for turn 21 will be executed, and marches take 1 turn, so my troops will arrive at the end of turn 21? Or at the start of turn 22?
Usually, "arrives in 1 turn" means it arrives at the end of the current turn. If I order troops with 1 turn march time, they also arrive at the end of the current turn. So they arrive simultaneously.
The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This is for attacking. For defending, the garrison is the troops in the village. If my reinforcements arrive at the same time as the enemy, do they count as garrison? The rule says: "When an attack conquers a village, the surviving attackers stay there as its new garrison." This implies that the battle happens, and then the survivors become the garrison. If my reinforcements arrive during the battle, they might join the fight. But the rule "each send fights alone" suggests that the enemy army fights the existing garrison, and my reinforcements from different villages fight separately? No, that rule is for multiple attacking sends. For defense, the garrison is a single entity.
I think it's safe to assume that my reinforcements will arrive in time to join the defense of [9] Sevilha. Because otherwise, the game would be very unfair. The enemy army was ordered last turn, my reinforcements are ordered this turn. If both have 1 turn march time, they both arrive at the same time. The battle is fought with all troops present.
Let's check the march times. The enemy army is "marching toward [9] Sevilha... arrives in 1 turn". My troops from [4] Badajoz to [9] Sevilha: what is the march time? The report doesn't specify for [4] to [9]. But [4] is connected to [9]. The distance is likely 1 turn for fast troops, maybe 2 for slow. If I send only archers and knights (medium and fast), they might arrive in 1 turn. But if I send spearmen (slow), they might take 2 turns. So I should send only archers and knights to ensure they arrive in 1 turn.
Let's check the report for march times from [4] Badajoz. It says: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". This means to [8] Toledo, it takes 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast. So all speeds take 1 turn. To [9] Sevilha, it's probably the same. So I can send spearmen too.
But to be safe, I'll send a mix that makes sense.

Let's decide on the final orders.

Builds:
- [0] Lisboa: 1 knight, 2 archers
- [1] Santarem: 1 knight, 2 archers
- [2] Evora: 1 knight, 2 archers
- [3] Coimbra: 2 knights
- [4] Badajoz: 2 knights
- [5] Faro: 2 knights
- [6] Porto: 2 knights
- [7] Salamanca: 2 knights
- [8] Toledo: 2 knights
- [9] Sevilha: 2 knights

Movements:
- From [4] Badajoz to [9] Sevilha: 4 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight. (Reinforce [9] against incoming attack)
- From [8] Toledo to [11] Cordoba: 4 spearman, 9 archer, 2 knight. (Attack [11] Cordoba)
- From [3] Coimbra to [6] Porto: 5 archer, 4 knight. (Reinforce [6] for future attack on [10] Vigo)
- From [7] Salamanca to [12] Madrid: 5 spearman, 8 archer, 1 knight. (Attack [12] Madrid)

Wait, I need to make sure the troops I send are available.
[4] Badajoz has: 4 spearman, 14 archer, 2 knight. Sending 4 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight. OK.
[8] Toledo has: 4 spearman, 9 archer, 2 knight. Sending all. OK.
[3] Coimbra has: 0 spearman, 15 archer, 4 knight. Sending 5 archer, 4 knight. OK.
[7] Salamanca has: 5 spearman, 8 archer, 1 knight. Sending all. OK.

What about [6] Porto? It has 2 spearman, 5 archer, 4 knight. I'm not sending from it, but I'm sending reinforcements to it. Should I also attack [10] Vigo from [6] this turn? I don't have enough troops yet. I'll wait for reinforcements.

What about [9] Sevilha? I'm sending reinforcements, but should I also attack [11] Cordoba from [9]? [9] has 2 spearman, 1 knight. If I send them to [11], I leave [9] with 0 troops, and the enemy attack might overrun it. So I should keep [9]'s troops for defense, and rely on reinforcements from [4]. But wait, if I send reinforcements from [4], they arrive this turn. The enemy also arrives this turn. If I send [9]'s troops away, the garrison is 0, and the enemy will definitely take [9]. So I must keep [9]'s troops. I'll not send any from [9].

Let's double-check the attack on [12] Madrid.
[7] Salamanca sends 5 spearman, 8 archer, 1 knight.
[12] Madrid has 7 knights. Effective defense 18.
Attacker force: 5*1 + 8*2 + 1*4 = 25.
Most numerous attacker: archer (8). Defender: knight (7). No counter.
25 vs 18. Win.
But wait, the rule says: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER."
25 > 18, so win.
What are my losses? "The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types". Loser's effective force = 18. Half = 9. So I lose troops worth 9 attack points? Or defense points? It says "effective force", which for the loser is their effective defense (since they are defending). So half of 18 is 9. My troops have total attack 25. I lose some portion. The exact calculation might be: I lose troops with total attack value equal to 9? Or total defense value? The rule says "worth HALF of the loser's effective force", and effective force is attack for attacker, defense for defender. So the loser's effective force is 18 (defense). Half is 9. I lose troops worth 9 "force" points. But what is the unit of force? It's probably the same as attack/defense. So I lose troops whose total attack (or defense?) sums to 9. Since I'm the attacker, my troops count their attack. Maybe I lose troops with total attack equal to 9? That would be, for example, 9 archers, or 4 knights and 1 archer, etc. The rule says "spread over its troop types", so it's distributed proportionally. I'll assume I lose some troops, but not all.
This is acceptable.

What about the attack on [11] Cordoba?
[8] Toledo sends 4 spearman, 9 archer, 2 knight.
[11] Cordoba has 1 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight. Effective defense 15.
Attacker force: 4*1 + 9*2 + 2*4 = 30.
Most numerous attacker: archer (9). Defender: archer (4). No counter.
30 vs 15. Win.
Losses: half of 15 = 7.5, so lose troops worth ~8 force.

Now, the reinforcement of [9] Sevilha.
Enemy army marching toward [9] Sevilha: unknown composition. Let's assume it's similar to last turn: 2 archers, 1 knight (effective force 12). Or maybe stronger.
My garrison in [9] after reinforcements: 2 spearman, 1 knight (existing) + 4 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight (arriving) = 6 spearman, 6 archer, 3 knight.
Total defense: spearman 2, archer 2, knight 2. Total = 6*2 + 6*2 + 3*2 = 12 + 12 + 6 = 30. Location bonus x1.25 = 37.5, effective defense ~38.
Enemy attack force: say 2 archers (4) + 1 knight (4) = 8. Or maybe more. Even if it's 12, my defense is 38. I win easily.

What about the enemy reinforcement marching toward [11] Cordoba? "enemy army marching toward [11] Cordoba - THEIR OWN village (a reinforcement) - arrives in 1 turn". This means when I attack [11] Cordoba, the reinforcement will already be there. So the garrison of [11] will be: 1 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight + the reinforcement. The reinforcement is unknown, but last turn it was "2 archers, 1 knight". So maybe [11] will have 1 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight. Effective defense: defense = 1*2 + 6*2 + 2*2 = 2+12+4=18. Location bonus x1.25 = 22.5, effective defense ~23.
My attack force: 30. Still win.

What about [12] Madrid? Are there enemy reinforcements marching toward it? The report doesn't show any. So it's just the 7 knights.

Let's consider the overall campaign plan.
My plan is to attack on multiple fronts:
- Southern front: [8] Toledo attacks [11] Cordoba, then push to [15] Murcia.
- Central front: [7] Salamanca attacks [12] Madrid, then push to [14] Burgos or [17] Zaragoza.
- Northern front: [6] Porto reinforces, then attacks [10] Vigo, then push to [14] Burgos.
- Southern coast: [9] Sevilha defends and later attacks [11] Cordoba from the south.

This will stretch the enemy thin. I need to capture 8 more villages. [11] Cordoba and [12] Madrid are the first targets. After taking them, I'll have 12 villages. Then I can push further.

Let's write the plan and statement.

Plan: "Attack on multiple fronts to overwhelm the enemy. This turn, reinforce Sevilha from Badajoz to defend against incoming attack. Send all troops from Toledo to take Cordoba (weak, def 15). Send all troops from Salamanca to take Madrid (def 18). Reinforce Porto from Coimbra to prepare for attack on Vigo next turn. Build knights and archers in all villages to replenish losses and grow army. After taking Cordoba and Madrid, push deeper into enemy territory towards Murcia, Burgos, and Zaragoza. Goal: reach 18 villages quickly."

Statement: "I am launching a multi-pronged offensive. My troops in Toledo and Salamanca are ordered to attack Cordoba and Madrid, both weakly defended. Badajoz sends reinforcements to Sevilha to hold the line. Coimbra reinforces Porto for the next push on Vigo. I am building knights across my realm to maintain momentum. The enemy is spread thin, and I will exploit their weaknesses."

Now, let's format the JSON.

Builds:
- villageId: 0, type: "knight", quantity: 1
- villageId: 0, type: "archer", quantity: 2
- villageId: 1, type: "knight", quantity: 1
- villageId: 1, type: "archer", quantity: 2
- villageId: 2, type: "knight", quantity: 1
- villageId: 2, type: "archer", quantity: 2
- villageId: 3, type: "knight", quantity: 2
- villageId: 4, type: "knight", quantity: 2
- villageId: 5, type: "knight", quantity: 2
- villageId: 6, type: "knight", quantity: 2
- villageId: 7, type: "knight", quantity: 2
- villageId: 8, type: "knight", quantity: 2
- villageId: 9, type: "knight", quantity: 2

Wait, I need to check if I can combine builds in the same village. The JSON format expects a list of builds. I can have multiple entries for the same village.

Movements:
- fromId: 4, toId: 9, troops: {"spearman": 4, "archer": 6, "knight": 2}
- fromId: 8, toId: 11, troops: {"spearman": 4, "archer": 9, "knight": 2}
- fromId: 3, toId: 6, troops: {"spearman": 0, "archer": 5, "knight": 4}
- fromId: 7, toId: 12, troops: {"spearman": 5, "archer": 8, "knight": 1}

Let's double-check the troop counts.
[4] Badajoz: 4 spearman, 14 archer, 2 knight. Send 4, 6, 2. OK.
[8] Toledo: 4 spearman, 9 archer, 2 knight. Send 4, 9, 2. OK.
[3] Coimbra: 0 spearman, 15 archer, 4 knight. Send 0, 5, 4. OK.
[7] Salamanca: 5 spearman, 8 archer, 1 knight. Send 5, 8, 1. OK.

What about the march time for [3] to [6]? [3] Coimbra to [6] Porto: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So all troops take 1 turn. I'm sending archers (medium) and knights (fast). They will arrive in 1 turn.

What about [4] to [9]? [4] Badajoz to [9] Sevilha. The report doesn't list march times for this route, but since [4] is connected to [9] directly, and [4] to [8] is 1 turn, [4] to [9] should be similar. I'll assume 1 turn for all.

What about [7] to [12]? "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". OK.

What about [8] to [11]? "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". OK.

All marches take 1 turn. So they all arrive next turn.

Now, let's consider if I should send any troops from [6] Porto to attack [10] Vigo this turn. [6] has 11 troops. Attack on [10] Vigo (def 33): my attack power = 2*1 + 5*2 + 4*4 = 2+10+16=28. Not enough. I need reinforcements from [3] Coimbra. So I'll wait.

What about [9] Sevilha? Should I attack [11] Cordoba from [9] as well? [9] has 3 troops. If I send them, I leave [9] empty. The enemy is attacking [9]. If I send the troops, they might not arrive in time, or they might arrive and fight the enemy garrison. But it's risky. I'll keep them in [9] for defense.

What about [0] Lisboa, [1] Santarem, [2] Evora, [5] Faro? They are interior and safe. I can send troops from them to reinforce front lines, but they are far away. For example, [1] Santarem to [6] Porto: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That's 2 turns for spearmen, 1 for others. I could send knights and archers from [1] to [6] to help. But [6] is getting reinforcements from [3] already. I'll keep them for now.

Let's check if I have enough resources for the builds I ordered.
Total wood needed: 70+70+70+60+60+60+60+60+60+70 = 640? Wait, I need to sum per village.
[0]: 1 knight (30 wood) + 2 archers (40 wood) = 70 wood. Has 70. OK.
[1]: 1 knight (30) + 2 archers (40) = 70 wood. Has 70. OK.
[2]: 1 knight (30) + 2 archers (40) = 70 wood. Has 70. OK.
[3]: 2 knights (60 wood). Has 60. OK.
[4]: 2 knights (60 wood). Has 60. OK.
[5]: 2 knights (60 wood). Has 60. OK.
[6]: 2 knights (60 wood). Has 65. OK.
[7]: 2 knights (60 wood). Has 60. OK.
[8]: 2 knights (60 wood). Has 60. OK.
[9]: 2 knights (60 wood). Has 70. OK.

Total iron needed:
[0]: 1 knight (30) + 2 archers (20) = 50 iron. Has 50. OK.
[1]: 1 knight (30) + 2 archers (20) = 50 iron. Has 100. OK.
[2]: 1 knight (30) + 2 archers (20) = 50 iron. Has 80. OK.
[3]: 2 knights (60 iron). Has 180. OK.
[4]: 2 knights (60 iron). Has 110. OK.
[5]: 2 knights (60 iron). Has 110. OK.
[6]: 2 knights (60 iron). Has 180. OK.
[7]: 2 knights (60 iron). Has 110. OK.
[8]: 2 knights (60 iron). Has 80. OK.
[9]: 2 knights (60 iron). Has 70. OK.

All builds are affordable.

Now, let's think about the enemy's possible actions.
The enemy has an army marching toward [11] Cordoba (reinforcement) and toward [9] Sevilha (attack). They might also be building troops or moving other armies. But I can only see what the report shows. I'll assume they will do what they are doing.

One more thing: the enemy capital is Barcelona [22]. I don't need to take it, but it might be heavily defended. I'll focus on taking the other villages first.

Let's finalize the JSON.

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 3, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 4, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 5, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 6, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 7, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 8, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 9, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 4, "toId": 9, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 6, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 8, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 9, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 3, "toId": 6, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 5, "knight": 4}},
    {"fromId": 7, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 5, "archer": 8, "knight": 1}}
  ],
  "plan": "This turn, I am launching a multi-pronged offensive. I reinforce Sevilha from Badajoz to hold the southern front against an expected enemy attack. I send all troops from Toledo to capture Cordoba (def 15), and all troops from Salamanca to capture Madrid (def 18). I reinforce Porto from Coimbra to prepare for an attack on Vigo next turn. I am building knights and archers in all villages to replenish losses and grow my army. After taking Cordoba and Madrid, I will push deeper into enemy territory towards Murcia, Burgos, and Zaragoza, aiming to quickly reach the 18-village threshold for victory.",
  "statement": "I am attacking on multiple fronts to overwhelm the enemy. My Toledo garrison marches on Cordoba, while Salamanca takes Madrid. Badajoz reinforces Sevilha to turn back the enemy's assault. Coimbra sends troops to Porto to prepare the next push. I am building knights across the realm to sustain the offensive. The enemy is spread thin, and I will exploit their weaknesses to win."
}

Let's review the rules to ensure I'm not violating anything.
- "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." I checked resources.
- "Use only ids that appear in the report above." All ids are from the report.
- "Do not send troops a village does not have." I checked counts.
- "Empty lists are valid orders." I have non-empty lists, but that's fine.
- "Reply with ONE valid JSON object and nothing else - no text before or after it." I will output only the JSON.

Wait, I need to make sure the JSON is valid. I'll use double quotes.

Let's check the plan length: "plan": my text is about 600 characters? Let's count. It might be slightly over 600 characters. The instruction says: "anything past 600 characters is cut off". So I should keep it under 600 characters.
My plan text: "This turn, I am launching a multi-pronged offensive. I reinforce Sevilha from Badajoz to hold the southern front against an expected enemy attack. I send all troops from Toledo to capture Cordoba (def 15), and all troops from Salamanca to capture Madrid (def 18). I reinforce Porto from Coimbra to prepare for an attack on Vigo next turn. I am building knights and archers in all villages to replenish losses and grow my army. After taking Cordoba and Madrid, I will push deeper into enemy territory towards Murcia, Burgos, and Zaragoza, aiming to quickly reach the 18-village threshold for victory."
Let's count characters: roughly 500-600. I'll shorten it slightly to be safe.
"Plan: Multi-pronged offensive. Reinforce Sevilha from Badajoz to hold southern front. Send all troops from Toledo to take Cordoba (def 15), and from Salamanca to take Madrid (def 18). Reinforce Porto from Coimbra for attack on Vigo next turn. Build knights/archers everywhere to replenish. After taking Cordoba and Madrid, push towards Murcia, Burgos, Zaragoza to reach 18 villages."
That's shorter.

Statement: "I am attacking on multiple fronts to overwhelm the enemy. My Toledo garrison marches on Cordoba, while Salamanca takes Madrid. Badajoz reinforces Sevilha to turn back the enemy's assault. Coimbra sends troops to Porto to prepare the next push. I am building knights across the realm to sustain the offensive. The enemy is spread thin, and I will exploit their weaknesses to win."
This is 4 lines, under 600 characters.

Let's write the final JSON.

One more check: the movement from [3] to [6] has "spearman": 0. Is that allowed? The format expects "troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}. I can include 0 or omit it. I'll include 0 for clarity.

Also, I should consider if I need to send troops from [0] Lisboa or other interior villages to reinforce the front. But they are far, and march times are longer. For example, [0] to [6] is 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. That's 2 turns for archers, 1 for knights. I could send knights from [0] to [6] to arrive in 1 turn. But [6] is already getting reinforcements from [3]. I'll keep them for now.

What about [1] Santarem to [7] Salamanca? [1] to [7] is not directly connected. Road network: [1] Santarem: [0], [3], [4]. [7] Salamanca: [3], [4], [6], [12]. So to go from [1] to [7], they must go through [3] or [4]. That would take 2 turns. Not useful for immediate defense.

I think my plan is solid.

Let's output the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"cavaleiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":4,"destinoId":9,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":6,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":8,"destinoId":11,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":9,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":3,"destinoId":6,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":5,"cavaleiro":4}},{"origemId":7,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":5,"arqueiro":8,"cavaleiro":1}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [2]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [3]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [3]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [4]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [4]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [5]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [5]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [6]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [6]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [7]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [7]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [8]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [8]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [9]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [9]
ACEITO envio [4]->[9]: 4S+6A+2K
ACEITO envio [8]->[11]: 4S+9A+2K
ACEITO envio [3]->[6]: 5A+4K
ACEITO envio [7]->[12]: 5S+8A+1K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Multi-pronged offensive. Reinforce Sevilha from Badajoz to hold southern front against expected attack. Send all troops from Toledo to take Cordoba (def 15), and from Salamanca to take Madrid (def 18). Reinforce Porto from Coimbra for attack on Vigo next turn. Build knights/archers everywhere to replenish. After taking Cordoba and Madrid, push towards Murcia, Burgos, Zaragoza to reach 18 villages.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): I am attacking on multiple fronts to overwhelm the enemy. My Toledo garrison marches on Cordoba, while Salamanca takes Madrid. Badajoz reinforces Sevilha to turn back the enemy's assault. Coimbra sends troops to Porto to prepare the next push. I am building knights across the realm to sustain the offensive. The enemy is spread thin, and I will exploit their weaknesses to win.
########## TURNO 21 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4588 | resposta 14813 | raciocinio 10205 | finish stop | ms 138143
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 12, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 15, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 14, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 11, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 10, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 12, \"toId\": 7, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 7}},\n    {\"fromId\": 10, \"toId\": 6, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 3, \"archer\": 7, \"knight\": 3}},\n    {\"fromId\": 11, \"toId\": 9, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 1, \"archer\": 4, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 13, \"toId\": 8, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 3, \"archer\": 15, \"knight\": 9}},\n    {\"fromId\": 17, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 5, \"knight\": 5}},\n    {\"fromId\": 14, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 16, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 1, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 3}},\n    {\"fromId\": 15, \"toId\": 11, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 1, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 1}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Launch a massive multi-front offensive to conquer Sevilha, Salamanca, Porto, and Toledo simultaneously to reach the 18-village threshold. Send all available troops from Madrid to Salamanca, Vigo to Porto, Cordoba to Sevilha, and Teruel to Toledo. Reinforce the newly conquered territories and key border villages (Madrid, Teruel, Cordoba) with troops from interior villages (Zaragoza, Burgos, Valencia, Murcia). Build troops in all villages to maintain momentum and replace losses.\",\n  \"statement\": \"I have ordered a full-scale offensive on all enemy border villages! The armies from Madrid, Vigo, Cordoba, and Teruel are marching to Salamanca, Porto, Sevilha, and Toledo respectively. Simultaneously, I am sending reinforcements from Zaragoza, Burgos, Valencia, and Murcia to secure our borders and support the assault. If successful, we will conquer four villages in one turn, bringing our total to 18 and securing the victory!\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B in a turn-based strategy game.
Let's analyze the current state of the game.
Turn 21.
I am King B. I have 14 villages. I need 18 of 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns to win, or eliminate every enemy village.
The enemy is King A.
Let's look at the map and villages.

My villages (14):
- [22] Barcelona: 14/300 (6 spearman, 5 archer, 3 knight available). Wood 40, Iron 20.
- [21] Tarragona: 8/300 (0 spearman, 8 archer, 0 knight). Wood 30, Iron 20.
- [23] Girona: 17/300 (10 spearman, 3 archer, 4 knight). Wood 30, Iron 80.
- [18] Castellon: 3/300 (0 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight). Wood 30, Iron 30.
- [17] Zaragoza: 23/300 (0 spearman, 11 archer, 12 knight). Wood 50, Iron 20.
- [20] Huesca: 5/300 (0 spearman, 5 archer, 0 knight). Wood 40, Iron 30.
- [16] Valencia: 6/300 (1 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight). Wood 30, Iron 20. Marching out: 2 archers, 1 knight.
- [13] Teruel: 27/300 (3 spearman, 15 archer, 9 knight). Wood 30, Iron 30.
- [12] Madrid: 7/300 (0 spearman, 0 archer, 7 knight). Wood 60, Iron 60.
- [15] Murcia: 3/300 (1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight). Wood 40, Iron 70. Marching out: 5 archers, 2 knights.
- [19] Pamplona: 1/300 (0 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight). Wood 40, Iron 30.
- [14] Burgos: 7/300 (0 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight). Wood 30, Iron 20.
- [11] Cordoba: 6/300 (1 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight). Wood 30, Iron 50.
- [10] Vigo: 13/300 (3 spearman, 7 archer, 3 knight). Wood 35, Iron 30.

Enemy villages I can see:
- [7] Salamanca: garrison 5 spear, 8 archer, 1 knight. Def 35. From [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast.
- [8] Toledo: garrison 4 spear, 9 archer, 2 knights. Def 38. From [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast.
- [6] Porto: garrison 2 spear, 5 archer, 4 knights. Def 28. From [10] Vigo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast.
- [9] Sevilha: garrison 2 spear, 1 knight. Def 8. From [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast.

Known from before:
- [4] Badajoz: enemy, last seen 4 spear, 14 archer.
- [3] Coimbra: enemy, last seen 15 archer, 2 knights.

Unexplored:
- [5] Faro, [1] Santarem, [0] Lisboa (Enemy Capital), [2] Evora.

Let's look at the marching armies:
Yours:
- 2 archers, 1 knight: [16] -> [11], arrives in 1 turn.
- 5 archers, 2 knights: [15] -> [9], arrives in 1 turn.
Enemy:
- none sighted.

Let's look at the economy and troop building.
Each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn.
Costs:
spearman: 15 wood + 0 iron.
archer: 20 wood + 10 iron.
knight: 30 wood + 30 iron.

Let's calculate resources for each of my villages and what they can build.
- [22] Barcelona: wood 40, iron 20. Can build:
  - spearman: 15 wood -> 2 of them (needs 30 wood, 0 iron). Let's say 2 spearman.
  - archer: 20 wood, 10 iron -> 2 archers (needs 40 wood, 20 iron).
  - knight: 30 wood, 30 iron -> cannot build since iron is 20.
  Let's build 2 archers or 2 spearman. Let's build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Let's build 2 spearman, or 1 archer + 1 spearman? 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 35 wood, 10 iron. Let's do 2 spearman (30 wood) or 2 archer (40 wood - wait, we only have 40 wood, so 2 archers cost 40 wood, 20 iron, which is exactly what we have!). Let's build 2 archers.

- [21] Tarragona: wood 30, iron 20.
  - Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearman (30 wood).
  Let's build 2 spearman or 1 archer. Let's build 1 archer.

- [23] Girona: wood 30, iron 80.
  - Can build knights (30 wood, 30 iron). We have wood 30, iron 80. So 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
  - Or archers: 20 wood, 10 iron -> 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) = 50 wood (not enough). But we have 30 wood. So only 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 35 wood (not enough).
  Let's build 1 knight.

- [18] Castellon: wood 30, iron 30.
  - Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
  - Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 35 wood.
  Let's build 1 knight.

- [17] Zaragoza: wood 50, iron 20.
  - Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
  - Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron - not enough iron).
  - Or 3 spearman (45 wood).
  Let's build 2 archers.

- [20] Huesca: wood 40, iron 30.
  - Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 45 wood.
  - Or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
  Let's build 2 archers.

- [16] Valencia: wood 30, iron 20.
  - Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearman (30 wood).
  Let's build 1 archer.

- [13] Teruel: wood 30, iron 30.
  - Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
  Let's build 1 knight.

- [12] Madrid: wood 60, iron 60.
  - Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
  Let's build 2 knights.

- [15] Murcia: wood 40, iron 70.
  - Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 50 wood (not enough).
  - Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). We have wood 40, so only 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) is not possible because wood is 40. But 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 45 wood.
  - Can build 4 archers (80 wood - no).
  - Let's build 1 knight + 1 spearman? Wood: 30+15 = 45 (not enough).
  - Let's build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: wood 10, iron 40.
  - Or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Remaining: wood 0, iron 50.
  Let's build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).

- [19] Pamplona: wood 40, iron 30.
  - Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 45 wood.
  - Or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
  Let's build 2 archers.

- [14] Burgos: wood 30, iron 20.
  - Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearman (30 wood).
  Let's build 1 archer.

- [11] Cordoba: wood 30, iron 50.
  - Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
  Let's build 1 knight.

- [10] Vigo: wood 35, iron 30.
  - Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
  Let's build 1 knight.

Let's double check the troop counts and caps. Cap is 300 per village.
Current troops at home:
[22] Barcelona: 14
[21] Tarragona: 8
[23] Girona: 17
[18] Castellon: 3
[17] Zaragoza: 23
[20] Huesca: 5
[16] Valencia: 6 (plus marching out 2 archers, 1 knight)
[13] Teruel: 27
[12] Madrid: 7
[15] Murcia: 3 (plus marching out 5 archers, 2 knights)
[19] Pamplona: 1
[14] Burgos: 7
[11] Cordoba: 6
[10] Vigo: 13
None of these are near 300, so we can build.

Let's look at the strategic situation.
I hold 14 villages. The enemy has:
- [7] Salamanca
- [8] Toledo
- [6] Porto
- [9] Sevilha
- [4] Badajoz
- [3] Coimbra
- [0] Lisboa (capital)
- [1] Santarem
- [2] Evora
- [5] Faro
Total enemy villages: 10.
Total villages in the game: 24.
My villages: 14. Enemy villages: 10. (14 + 10 = 24).
To win, I need to hold 18 villages (75% of 24) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.
Currently I have 14. I need 4 more villages to reach 18.
The enemy has 10 villages. If I conquer 4 of them, I will have 18, and the enemy will have 6.
Let's look at the enemy villages I can attack:
- [9] Sevilha: def 8 (garrison 2 spear, 1 knight). Marching from [11] Cordoba: 1 turn. My army from [15] Murcia (5 archers, 2 knights) is arriving this turn. Also from [11] Cordoba I can send troops.
- [8] Toledo: def 38 (garrison 4 spear, 9 archer, 2 knights). Marching from [11] Cordoba or [12] Madrid or [13] Teruel.
- [7] Salamanca: def 35 (garrison 5 spear, 8 archer, 1 knight). Marching from [12] Madrid.
- [6] Porto: def 28 (garrison 2 spear, 5 archer, 4 knights). Marching from [10] Vigo.
- [4] Badajoz: last seen 4 spear, 14 archer. Marching from [11] Cordoba.
- [3] Coimbra: last seen 15 archer, 2 knights. Marching from [10] Vigo.

Let's look at the march distances and times:
From [12] Madrid to [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
From [11] Cordoba to [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
From [11] Cordoba to [9] Sevilha: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
From [10] Vigo to [6] Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

Let's look at the armies currently marching:
- 2 archers, 1 knight: [16] -> [11], arrives in 1 turn.
- 5 archers, 2 knights: [15] -> [9], arrives in 1 turn.
This means the army from [15] Murcia is about to attack Sevilha [9].
Sevilha has garrison: 2 spear, 1 knight. Def 8.
The army arriving is 5 archers, 2 knights.
Let's calculate the battle at Sevilha [9]:
Attackers (me): 5 archers, 2 knights.
Most numerous type: archer (5). So the counter matchup is set by archer.
Archer counters spearman. The defender has 2 spearmen, 1 knight. Wait, the defender's most numerous type is spearman (2) or knight (1) or archer (0). The defender has 2 spearmen, 1 knight. Most numerous is spearman.
Archer counters spearman, so my archers get a 1.5x multiplier?
Wait, the rule says: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
My army: 5 archers, 2 knights. Most numerous is archer (5).
Enemy army: 2 spearmen, 1 knight. Most numerous is spearman (2).
Archer counters spearman. So my most numerous (archer) counters their most numerous (spearman). This gives me a 1.5x multiplier!
Let's calculate effective attack:
Archer attack is 2. 5 archers * 2 = 10. With 1.5x multiplier, it's 15.
Knight attack is 4. 2 knights * 4 = 8.
Total attack = 15 + 8 = 23.
Defender defense:
Defender has 2 spearmen (defense 2 each) and 1 knight (defense 2 each).
Location bonus for defense in a village: defense counts x1.25.
The effective defense of Sevilha is listed as 8. Wait, the report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 8". So I don't need to calculate it, it's 8!
My effective attack is 23. Defender effective defense is 8.
I win easily. My losses will be attrition against the loser's effective force.
Loser is defender, effective force is 8.
My attack is 23. I take losses equal to the loser's effective force? "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
Wait, how are losses calculated? "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
Usually, the losses are a fraction or equal to the loser's effective force divided by something, or just some troops. But since I have 7 troops, I might lose some, but I will conquer the village if I win.
Let's assume I conquer Sevilha [9].
If I conquer Sevilha, my village count becomes 15.

Let's look at other possible attacks.
What about [7] Salamanca? Def 35.
What about [8] Toledo? Def 38.
What about [6] Porto? Def 28.
Can I attack them?
Let's look at my border villages:
- [12] Madrid: borders [7] Salamanca and [8] Toledo.
- [11] Cordoba: borders [8] Toledo and [9] Sevilha.
- [13] Teruel: borders [8] Toledo.
- [10] Vigo: borders [6] Porto.

Let's look at the troops I can send this turn:
From [12] Madrid: I have 7 knights available. I can send them to [7] Salamanca or [8] Toledo.
From [11] Cordoba: I have 1 spearman, 4 archers, 1 knight. I can send them to [8] Toledo or [9] Sevilha.
From [13] Teruel: I have 3 spearman, 15 archers, 9 knights. I can send them to [8] Toledo.
From [10] Vigo: I have 3 spearman, 7 archers, 3 knights. I can send them to [6] Porto.

Let's evaluate the attacks:
If I send troops to [9] Sevilha, the army from [15] Murcia (5 archers, 2 knights) is already arriving this turn. If I also send from [11] Cordoba, they will fight separately. "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So sending from [11] Cordoba to [9] Sevilha would mean a second wave. Since the first wave (from [15]) is likely to conquer it, the second wave might just reinforce it, or if the first wave fails, the second wave fights. But since the first wave is strong enough, maybe I don't need to send from [11] to [9]. I can send from [11] to [8] Toledo instead.

Let's look at [8] Toledo. Def 38. Garrison: 4 spear, 9 archer, 2 knights.
If I send from [11] Cordoba: 1 spearman, 4 archers, 1 knight.
Let's calculate the battle for Toledo if I send this:
My army: 1 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous: archer (4).
Enemy army: 4 spear, 9 archer, 2 knights. Most numerous: archer (9).
Archer vs archer: no counter bonus.
My attack: 4 archers * 2 = 8. 1 spear * 1 = 1. 1 knight * 4 = 4. Total attack = 13.
Enemy defense: Toledo def is 38 (effective defense included).
My attack 13 vs def 38. I will lose badly. So sending from [11] to [8] is not a good idea unless I send a much larger army.
What about sending from [13] Teruel to [8] Toledo?
From [13] Teruel, I have 3 spearman, 15 archers, 9 knights.
If I send all: 3 spear, 15 archer, 9 knight.
Most numerous: archer (15).
Enemy most numerous: archer (9). No counter.
My attack: 15 archers * 2 = 30. 3 spears * 1 = 3. 9 knights * 4 = 36. Total attack = 69.
Enemy defense: 38.
69 vs 38. I win!
But wait, travel time from [13] Teruel to [8] Toledo:
"from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" - wait, that's from Barcelona.
From [13] Teruel to [8] Toledo:
Let's look at the road network:
[13] Teruel is connected to [8], [16], [17], [18].
So [13] Teruel to [8] Toledo is a direct road.
What is the march distance?
The report says: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: ..." for Barcelona.
For [13] Teruel, it says: "[13] Teruel | BORDER with [8] (enemy) | ... from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" - wait, that's for [22] Barcelona.
Let's look at the text for [13] Teruel:
"[13] Teruel | BORDER with [8] (enemy) | wood 30 (+30/turn) | iron 30 (+20/turn) | effective defense (location bonus included): 68 | troops at home: 27 / 300
    AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 3 spearman, 15 archer, 9 knight (attack power if all sent: 69)"
It doesn't list the march distance to [8] Toledo, but since it's a border village with [8], it's likely 1 turn or similar. Let's assume it's 1 turn (slow/medium/fast).
If I send from [13] Teruel to [8] Toledo, it will take some turns. Let's check the speed.
If I send 3 spear, 15 archer, 9 knight, the slowest is spearman (slow). So it marches at slow speed.
How many turns? If it's 1 slow turn, it arrives next turn.
But wait, if I send all my troops from Teruel, its defense will drop to 0 (or whatever is left). Is that safe?
Teruel has 27 troops. If I send 27, it will have 0 troops. But it's an interior village (no enemy border? No, it says "BORDER with [8] (enemy)"). So it could be attacked by Toledo if the enemy attacks.
But the enemy is King A. Do they have armies near Toledo? Toledo is their village. They might attack Teruel.
Let's look at the enemy's possible moves. The enemy writes their orders at the same time as me. They don't see my orders.
If I send a large army from Teruel to Toledo, I might conquer Toledo, but Teruel might be left vulnerable.
Let's look at other options.
What about [7] Salamanca? Def 35. Garrison: 5 spear, 8 archer, 1 knight.
From [12] Madrid, I have 7 knights.
If I send 7 knights to [7] Salamanca:
My army: 7 knights. Most numerous: knight (7).
Enemy army: 5 spear, 8 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous: archer (8).
Knight counters archer! So I get a 1.5x multiplier!
My attack: 7 knights * 4 = 28. With 1.5x multiplier, 28 * 1.5 = 42.
Enemy defense: 35 (effective defense included).
42 vs 35. I win!
And since knights are fast, the march from [12] Madrid to [7] Salamanca is "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So with knights, it takes 1 fast turn (arrives next turn).
This looks like a very good move! 7 knights from Madrid to Salamanca.
Let's check if I have enough resources to build more knights in Madrid to replace them or if I should just send them.
Madrid has 7 knights at home. If I send all 7, Madrid will have 0 troops. But Madrid is "BORDER with [7], [8] (enemy)". So it's vulnerable.
But Madrid has wood 60, iron 60. I can build 2 knights this turn (cost 60 wood, 60 iron).
So I can build 2 knights and send the 7 existing ones. This way, Madrid will have 2 knights next turn, plus any reinforcements.
Wait, can I build 2 knights? Yes, 30 wood + 30 iron each. 2 knights = 60 wood, 60 iron. Madrid has exactly 60 wood and 60 iron!
So I can build 2 knights in Madrid.
Let's check the other villages.
What about [6] Porto? Def 28. Garrison: 2 spear, 5 archer, 4 knights.
From [10] Vigo, I have 3 spearman, 7 archers, 3 knights.
If I send all from Vigo to Porto:
My army: 3 spear, 7 archer, 3 knight. Most numerous: archer (7).
Enemy army: 2 spear, 5 archer, 4 knight. Most numerous: archer (5). No counter.
My attack: 7 archers * 2 = 14. 3 spears * 1 = 3. 3 knights * 4 = 12. Total attack = 29.
Enemy defense: 28.
29 vs 28. I win, but barely! And I take losses.
Is there a better way?
What if I send only knights from Vigo? 3 knights.
My army: 3 knights. Most numerous: knight (3).
Enemy most numerous: archer (5). Knight counters archer! 1.5x multiplier.
My attack: 3 knights * 4 = 12. With 1.5x, 18.
Enemy defense: 28. 18 vs 28, I lose.
What if I send 3 knights and some archers?
If I send 3 knights and 7 archers, most numerous is archer (7), so no counter.
What if I send 3 knights and 2 archers? Most numerous is knight (3) or archer (2). Knight is more numerous, so knight sets the matchup. Knight counters archer.
My attack: 3 knights * 4 = 12 (with 1.5x = 18) + 2 archers * 2 = 4. Total = 22. Still less than 28.
What if I send 3 knights, 1 spear, 1 archer? Most numerous is knight (3). Attack: 3*4*1.5 = 18 + 1*2 + 1*1 = 21.
So sending all from Vigo (29 attack) is better than sending a mixed group where knight is most numerous (which loses the counter bonus because the total attack is lower).
Wait, if I send all from Vigo, I get 29 attack vs 28 defense. I win, but I lose some troops.
Can I reinforce Vigo?
Vigo has wood 35, iron 30. I can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
So I can build 1 knight in Vigo.

Let's look at the overall goal: I need 4 more villages to reach 18.
The easiest villages to conquer are:
- [9] Sevilha (def 8) - already being attacked by the army from Murcia.
- [7] Salamanca (def 35) - can be attacked by Madrid (7 knights).
- [6] Porto (def 28) - can be attacked by Vigo.
- [8] Toledo (def 38) - can be attacked by Teruel or Madrid/Cordoba.
If I conquer Sevilha, Salamanca, and Porto, that's 3 more villages (total 17). I still need 1 more.
Toledo is harder (def 38), but if I conquer it, I reach 18.
What about the unexplored villages?
[5] Faro, [1] Santarem, [0] Lisboa, [2] Evora.
They are further away and likely have strong garrisons (especially the capital Lisboa).
So focusing on the known enemy villages on my border is the best strategy.

Let's plan the attacks for this turn:
1. Send the 7 knights from [12] Madrid to [7] Salamanca.
   - This will likely conquer Salamanca.
   - Build 2 knights in Madrid to replace them.
2. Send the available troops from [10] Vigo to [6] Porto.
   - Available: 3 spearman, 7 archers, 3 knights.
   - This will likely conquer Porto.
   - Build 1 knight in Vigo.
3. The army from [15] Murcia (5 archers, 2 knights) is arriving at [9] Sevilha this turn.
   - This will likely conquer Sevilha.
   - Should I send more troops to Sevilha from [11] Cordoba?
     - Cordoba has 1 spearman, 4 archers, 1 knight.
     - If I send them to Sevilha, they will arrive after the Murcia army. If Murcia army wins, Cordoba army will just reinforce. If Murcia army loses, Cordoba army will fight.
     - Since Murcia army is very likely to win (23 attack vs 8 defense), sending Cordoba troops to Sevilha is a waste of a good army that could be used elsewhere, or it might just sit there.
     - But wait, if I conquer Sevilha, it becomes my village. If I send Cordoba troops to Sevilha, they will arrive and join the garrison. That's a good way to reinforce a newly conquered border village!
     - Sevilha borders [4] Badajoz, [5] Faro, [11] Cordoba. It's a border village, so it needs troops to defend it.
     - Sending 1 spearman, 4 archers, 1 knight from Cordoba to Sevilha is a good idea to secure it.
     - Let's check Cordoba's resources: wood 30, iron 50. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
     - Let's build 1 knight in Cordoba.
4. What about [8] Toledo?
   - Teruel has 3 spearman, 15 archers, 9 knights.
   - If I send them to Toledo, it will take some time (slow speed because of spearmen).
   - But if I send them, I can conquer Toledo.
   - Let's check the travel time from Teruel to Toledo.
     - Teruel is connected to Toledo. It's a border. Usually 1 turn.
     - If I send 3 spear, 15 archer, 9 knight, the speed is slow (spearmen). So it takes 1 slow turn (which is longer than 1 fast turn, but still 1 turn in terms of turns? No, "march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns" means slow troops take 5 turns, medium 3, fast 2. So a mixed army takes the time of the slowest troop.
     - If the distance is, say, 2 slow turns, it takes 2 turns.
     - Let's look at the report for Teruel: it doesn't specify the distance to Toledo, but it says "BORDER with [8] (enemy)". Usually border villages are 1 turn away. Let's assume 1 slow turn or 1 medium turn.
     - If I send them, I leave Teruel with 0 troops. Teruel borders Toledo. If the enemy attacks Teruel next turn, I lose it.
     - But Teruel has a high defense (68). It might hold for a turn even without troops, or the enemy might not attack it.
     - However, conquering Toledo would give me the 18th village!
     - Let's calculate: currently 14. Sevilha (+1) = 15. Salamanca (+1) = 16. Porto (+1) = 17. Toledo (+1) = 18.
     - If I attack all four, I might conquer all of them and reach 18!
     - But can I do it without overextending?
     - Let's look at the troops I have.
     - I have many troops in interior villages: Zaragoza (23), Girona (17), Barcelona (14), etc.
     - I can send reinforcements to the border villages after they are conquered.
     - Let's decide on the main attacks:
       - Madrid -> Salamanca (7 knights)
       - Vigo -> Porto (3 spear, 7 archer, 3 knight)
       - Cordoba -> Sevilha (1 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight) - to reinforce after Murcia conquers it.
       - Teruel -> Toledo (3 spear, 15 archer, 9 knight) - to conquer it.
       - What about Murcia -> Sevilha? The army is already marching, I don't need to order it again. It arrives this turn.

Let's double check the troop counts and available troops.
From the report:
- [12] Madrid: AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 7 knight.
  So I can send 7 knights to [7] Salamanca.
- [10] Vigo: AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 3 spearman, 7 archer, 3 knight.
  So I can send all to [6] Porto.
- [11] Cordoba: AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 1 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight.
  So I can send all to [9] Sevilha.
- [13] Teruel: AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 3 spearman, 15 archer, 9 knight.
  So I can send all to [8] Toledo.
- [15] Murcia: already marching to [9] Sevilha (5 archers, 2 knights). No need to order.

Let's check if I should send troops from other villages to reinforce these attacks.
- Zaragoza [17] has 11 archers, 12 knights. It borders Madrid [12] and Teruel [13].
  I could send some troops to Madrid or Teruel to reinforce them after they send their armies.
  But orders are simultaneous. If I send from Zaragoza to Madrid, they will march and arrive in some turns.
  Let's send some troops from Zaragoza to Madrid to reinforce Madrid's defense.
  Madrid will have 0 troops after sending 7 knights. If the enemy attacks Madrid, I need troops there.
  So sending, say, 5 archers and 5 knights from Zaragoza to Madrid is a good idea.
  Travel time from Zaragoza to Madrid: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So with knights, it's 1 fast turn (arrives next turn).
  Let's send 5 archers, 5 knights from [17] Zaragoza to [12] Madrid.
- Girona [23] has 10 spearman, 3 archer, 4 knight. It borders Madrid [12] (via Barcelona/Tarragona? No, road network: Girona [23] connects to [20] Huesca and [22] Barcelona. Barcelona connects to Tarragona, Tarragona to Zaragoza, Zaragoza to Madrid. So it's far).
  Let's look at the road network for Girona:
  [23] Girona: [20], [22].
  [22] Barcelona: [21], [23].
  [21] Tarragona: [17], [18], [22].
  [17] Zaragoza: [12], [13], [19], [20], [21].
  So Girona to Madrid goes through Barcelona, Tarragona, Zaragoza. That's many turns.
  So don't send from Girona to Madrid.
- Burgos [14] has 4 archers, 3 knights. It borders Madrid [12] and Vigo [10].
  Road network: [14] Burgos: [10], [12], [19].
  So Burgos to Madrid is direct: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".
  I can send some troops from Burgos to Madrid.
  Let's send 2 archers, 2 knights from [14] Burgos to [12] Madrid.
- Pamplona [19] has 1 archer. It borders Burgos, Zaragoza, Huesca. Not very useful for immediate border reinforcement.
- Huesca [20] has 5 archers. It borders Zaragoza, Pamplona, Girona.
- Barcelona [22] has 6 spearman, 5 archer, 3 knight. It borders Tarragona, Girona.
- Tarragona [21] has 8 archers. It borders Barcelona, Castellon, Zaragoza.
- Castellon [18] has 2 archers, 1 knight. It borders Teruel, Valencia, Tarragona.
- Valencia [16] has 1 spearman, 2 archers, 3 knight (plus 2 archers, 1 knight marching to Cordoba).
  It borders Teruel, Murcia, Castellon.
  I can send the remaining troops from Valencia to Teruel to reinforce it, since Teruel will send all its troops to Toledo.
  Valencia to Teruel: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".
  Let's send 1 spearman, 2 archers, 2 knights from [16] Valencia to [13] Teruel.
- Murcia [15] has 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight (plus marching out).
  It borders Cordoba, Valencia.
  I can send the remaining troops from Murcia to Cordoba to reinforce it, since Cordoba is sending troops to Sevilha and will be left with only the newly built knight.
  Murcia to Cordoba: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".
  Let's send 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight from [15] Murcia to [11] Cordoba.

Let's summarize the movements:
1. [12] Madrid -> [7] Salamanca: 7 knights.
2. [10] Vigo -> [6] Porto: 3 spearman, 7 archers, 3 knights.
3. [11] Cordoba -> [9] Sevilha: 1 spearman, 4 archers, 1 knight.
4. [13] Teruel -> [8] Toledo: 3 spearman, 15 archers, 9 knights.
5. [17] Zaragoza -> [12] Madrid: 5 archers, 5 knights (to reinforce Madrid).
6. [14] Burgos -> [12] Madrid: 2 archers, 2 knights (to reinforce Madrid).
7. [16] Valencia -> [13] Teruel: 1 spearman, 2 archers, 2 knights (to reinforce Teruel).
8. [15] Murcia -> [11] Cordoba: 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight (to reinforce Cordoba).

Wait, let's check if I have these troops available in the source villages.
- [12] Madrid: 7 knights. Yes.
- [10] Vigo: 3 spearman, 7 archers, 3 knights. Yes.
- [11] Cordoba: 1 spearman, 4 archers, 1 knight. Yes.
- [13] Teruel: 3 spearman, 15 archers, 9 knights. Yes.
- [17] Zaragoza: AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 11 archer, 12 knight.
  I want to send 5 archers, 5 knights. Yes, available.
- [14] Burgos: AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight.
  I want to send 2 archers, 2 knights. Yes, available.
- [16] Valencia: AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 1 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight.
  I want to send 1 spearman, 2 archers, 2 knights. Yes, available.
- [15] Murcia: AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
  I want to send 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Yes, available.

This looks like a very comprehensive and aggressive plan!
Let's check the builds I can do to replace the troops sent or to build more.
Builds:
- [12] Madrid: build 2 knights (cost 60 wood, 60 iron). Madrid has wood 60, iron 60. Perfect.
- [10] Vigo: build 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Vigo has wood 35, iron 30. Perfect.
- [11] Cordoba: build 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Cordoba has wood 30, iron 50. Perfect.
- [13] Teruel: build 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Teruel has wood 30, iron 30. Perfect.
- [17] Zaragoza: build 2 archers (cost 40 wood, 20 iron). Zaragoza has wood 50, iron 20. Perfect.
- [14] Burgos: build 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron). Burgos has wood 30, iron 20. Perfect.
- [16] Valencia: build 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron). Valencia has wood 30, iron 20. Perfect.
- [15] Murcia: build 2 archers (cost 40 wood, 20 iron). Murcia has wood 40, iron 70. Perfect.
- [22] Barcelona: build 2 archers (cost 40 wood, 20 iron). Barcelona has wood 40, iron 20. Perfect.
- [21] Tarragona: build 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron). Tarragona has wood 30, iron 20. Perfect.
- [23] Girona: build 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Girona has wood 30, iron 80. Perfect.
- [18] Castellon: build 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Castellon has wood 30, iron 30. Perfect.
- [20] Huesca: build 2 archers (cost 40 wood, 20 iron). Huesca has wood 40, iron 30. Perfect.
- [19] Pamplona: build 2 archers (cost 40 wood, 20 iron). Pamplona has wood 40, iron 30. Perfect.

Let's double check if I should build in all villages. Yes, building troops everywhere is good because resources are per village and they accumulate if not used. But wait, resources are per village, so if a village doesn't build, its resources are stuck there. It's better to build as much as possible in each village to maximize troop production.
Let's verify the resource limits and builds for each village:
- [22] Barcelona: wood 40, iron 20. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Correct.
- [21] Tarragona: wood 30, iron 20. Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Remaining wood 10, iron 10. Can't build anything else. Correct.
- [23] Girona: wood 30, iron 80. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining wood 0, iron 50. Correct.
- [18] Castellon: wood 30, iron 30. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining wood 0, iron 0. Correct.
- [17] Zaragoza: wood 50, iron 20. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Remaining wood 10, iron 0. Correct.
- [20] Huesca: wood 40, iron 30. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Remaining wood 0, iron 10. Correct.
- [16] Valencia: wood 30, iron 20. Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Remaining wood 10, iron 10. Correct.
- [13] Teruel: wood 30, iron 30. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining wood 0, iron 0. Correct.
- [12] Madrid: wood 60, iron 60. Build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Remaining wood 0, iron 0. Correct.
- [15] Murcia: wood 40, iron 70. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Remaining wood 0, iron 50. Correct.
- [19] Pamplona: wood 40, iron 30. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Remaining wood 0, iron 10. Correct.
- [14] Burgos: wood 30, iron 20. Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Remaining wood 10, iron 10. Correct.
- [11] Cordoba: wood 30, iron 50. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining wood 0, iron 20. Correct.
- [10] Vigo: wood 35, iron 30. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining wood 5, iron 0. Correct.

This is a very solid build plan.

Let's review the movements again to ensure they are valid and optimal.
- [12] Madrid -> [7] Salamanca: 7 knights.
  Madrid is border with Salamanca. March distance: 1 fast turn.
  This attacks Salamanca.
- [10] Vigo -> [6] Porto: 3 spearman, 7 archers, 3 knights.
  Vigo is border with Porto. March distance: 1 turn.
  This attacks Porto.
- [11] Cordoba -> [9] Sevilha: 1 spearman, 4 archers, 1 knight.
  Cordoba is border with Sevilha. March distance: 1 turn.
  This attacks/reinforces Sevilha.
- [13] Teruel -> [8] Toledo: 3 spearman, 15 archers, 9 knights.
  Teruel is border with Toledo. March distance: 1 turn.
  This attacks Toledo.
- [17] Zaragoza -> [12] Madrid: 5 archers, 5 knights.
  Zaragoza to Madrid: 1 fast turn (since knights are fastest, and we have knights).
  This reinforces Madrid.
- [14] Burgos -> [12] Madrid: 2 archers, 2 knights.
  Burgos to Madrid: 1 fast turn.
  This reinforces Madrid.
- [16] Valencia -> [13] Teruel: 1 spearman, 2 archers, 2 knights.
  Valencia to Teruel: 1 fast turn.
  This reinforces Teruel.
- [15] Murcia -> [11] Cordoba: 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
  Murcia to Cordoba: 1 fast turn.
  This reinforces Cordoba.

Wait, is there any conflict with the army already marching from [15] Murcia to [9] Sevilha?
The report says: "already marching out (NOT available): 5 archers, 2 knights" from [15] Murcia.
And "2 archers, 1 knight: [16] -> [11], arrives in 1 turn" - wait, the report says:
"YOURS:
- 2 archers, 1 knight: [16] -> [11], arrives in 1 turn
- 5 archers, 2 knights: [15] -> [9], arrives in 1 turn"
Ah! The army from [16] Valencia is already marching to [11] Cordoba!
Let me re-read the "ARMIES ON THE MARCH" section:
"YOURS:
- 2 archers, 1 knight: [16] -> [11], arrives in 1 turn
- 5 archers, 2 knights: [15] -> [9], arrives in 1 turn"
And in the village descriptions:
"[16] Valencia ... already marching out (NOT available): 2 archers, 1 knight"
"[15] Murcia ... already marching out (NOT available): 5 archers, 2 knights"

So:
- The army from [16] Valencia is already marching to [11] Cordoba. I don't need to send them again. In fact, the troops available to send from Valencia are: "1 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight". But the marching ones are 2 archers, 1 knight. So the total troops in Valencia were 1 spearman, 4 archers, 4 knights? No, "troops at home: 6 / 300. AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 1 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. already marching out (NOT available): 2 archers, 1 knight".
So I can send the available ones (1 spearman, 2 archers, 3 knight) somewhere else, e.g., to [13] Teruel.
- The army from [15] Murcia is already marching to [9] Sevilha. The available troops in Murcia are: "1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight". I can send them to [11] Cordoba to reinforce it.

Let's adjust my movements based on this:
- [16] Valencia -> [13] Teruel: send 1 spearman, 2 archers, 3 knights (all available).
- [15] Murcia -> [11] Cordoba: send 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight (all available).
- [17] Zaragoza -> [12] Madrid: send 5 archers, 5 knights.
- [14] Burgos -> [12] Madrid: send 2 archers, 2 knights.

This is even better! The reinforcements are already on their way or I am sending the remaining ones.

Let's double check the travel times and destinations.
- [16] Valencia to [13] Teruel: road network shows [16] connects to [13], [15], [18]. So direct road to Teruel. March time: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" (from Castellon, but Valencia is also close). Let's assume 1 turn.
- [15] Murcia to [11] Cordoba: road network shows [15] connects to [11], [16]. So direct road to Cordoba. March time: "from here to your nearest border village [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So 1 turn.
- [17] Zaragoza to [12] Madrid: road network shows [17] connects to [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]. So direct road to Madrid. March time: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So 1 turn.
- [14] Burgos to [12] Madrid: road network shows [14] connects to [10], [12], [19]. So direct road to Madrid. March time: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So 1 turn.

Everything is perfectly aligned!

Let's write down the JSON structure.
The fields are:
- "build": list of objects with "villageId", "type", "quantity".
- "movements": list of objects with "fromId", "toId", "troops" (object with "spearman", "archer", "knight").
- "plan": string.
- "statement": string.

Let's construct the "build" list:
[
  {"villageId": 22, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 21, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 23, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 18, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 17, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 20, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 16, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 13, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 12, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 15, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 19, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 14, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 11, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 10, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
]

Let's construct the "movements" list:
[
  {"fromId": 12, "toId": 7, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 7}},
  {"fromId": 10, "toId": 6, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 7, "knight": 3}},
  {"fromId": 11, "toId": 9, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 4, "knight": 1}},
  {"fromId": 13, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 15, "knight": 9}},
  {"fromId": 17, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 5, "knight": 5}},
  {"fromId": 14, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 2}},
  {"fromId": 16, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 2, "knight": 3}},
  {"fromId": 15, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 1, "knight": 1}}
]

Let's double check the troop counts for movements:
- [12] Madrid to [7] Salamanca: 7 knights. Correct.
- [10] Vigo to [6] Porto: 3 spearman, 7 archers, 3 knights. Correct.
- [11] Cordoba to [9] Sevilha: 1 spearman, 4 archers, 1 knight. Correct.
- [13] Teruel to [8] Toledo: 3 spearman, 15 archers, 9 knights. Correct.
- [17] Zaragoza to [12] Madrid: 5 archers, 5 knights. Correct.
- [14] Burgos to [12] Madrid: 2 archers, 2 knights. Correct.
- [16] Valencia to [13] Teruel: 1 spearman, 2 archers, 3 knights. Correct.
- [15] Murcia to [11] Cordoba: 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Correct.

Let's write the "plan" text:
"Plan: Launch a massive multi-front offensive to conquer Sevilha, Salamanca, Porto, and Toledo simultaneously to reach the 18-village threshold. Send all available troops from Madrid to Salamanca, Vigo to Porto, Cordoba to Sevilha, and Teruel to Toledo. Reinforce the newly conquered territories and key border villages (Madrid, Teruel, Cordoba) with troops from interior villages (Zaragoza, Burgos, Valencia, Murcia). Build troops in all villages to maintain momentum and replace losses."

Let's write the "statement" text:
"Statement: I have ordered a full-scale offensive on all enemy border villages! The armies from Madrid, Vigo, Cordoba, and Teruel are marching to Salamanca, Porto, Sevilha, and Toledo respectively. Simultaneously, I am sending reinforcements from Zaragoza, Burgos, Valencia, and Murcia to secure our borders and support the assault. If successful, we will conquer four villages in one turn, bringing our total to 18 and securing the victory!"

Let's review the rules and constraints:
- "Each village you hold produces resources every turn, and resources are what build your army." -> Handled by building in all villages.
- "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." -> Handled.
- "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." -> Checked all builds against current wood/iron.
- "Cap per village: when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building...". -> None of my villages are near 300.
- "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." -> I am sending separate armies to different targets, except Madrid which gets reinforcements from Zaragoza and Burgos, but they are going to my own village [12] Madrid, so they will just join the garrison. The rule says "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." But this applies to attacking enemy villages. For reinforcing your own village, they just join the garrison. Even if they arrive on the same turn, they just add to the defense. The rule says "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So it's fine.
- "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." -> My destinations are all direct borders, so there are no intermediate villages.
- "You do NOT see the whole map... The enemy is under the same rule." -> Handled.
- "Reply with ONE valid JSON object and nothing else - no text before or after it." -> Will ensure the output is pure JSON.

Let's do a quick final check of the JSON format.
{
  "build": [ {"villageId": 22, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2}, ... ],
  "movements": [ {"fromId": 12, "toId": 7, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 7}}, ... ],
  "plan": "...",
  "statement": "..."
}

Looks perfect. I am ready to generate the response.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"cavaleiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":12,"destinoId":7,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":7}},{"origemId":10,"destinoId":6,"tropas":{"lanceiro":3,"arqueiro":7,"cavaleiro":3}},{"origemId":11,"destinoId":9,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":4,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":13,"destinoId":8,"tropas":{"lanceiro":3,"arqueiro":15,"cavaleiro":9}},{"origemId":17,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":5,"cavaleiro":5}},{"origemId":14,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":16,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":3}},{"origemId":15,"destinoId":11,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":1}}]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [22]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [22]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [18]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [17]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [17]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [20]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [20]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [16]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [13]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [12]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [12]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [15]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [15]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [19]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [19]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [14]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [11]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [10]
ACEITO envio [12]->[7]: 7K
ACEITO envio [10]->[6]: 3S+7A+3K
ACEITO envio [11]->[9]: 1S+4A+1K
ACEITO envio [13]->[8]: 3S+15A+9K
ACEITO envio [17]->[12]: 5A+5K
ACEITO envio [14]->[12]: 2A+2K
ACEITO envio [16]->[13]: 1S+2A+3K
ACEITO envio [15]->[11]: 1S+1A+1K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Launch a massive multi-front offensive to conquer Sevilha, Salamanca, Porto, and Toledo simultaneously to reach the 18-village threshold. Send all available troops from Madrid to Salamanca, Vigo to Porto, Cordoba to Sevilha, and Teruel to Toledo. Reinforce the newly conquered territories and key border villages (Madrid, Teruel, Cordoba) with troops from interior villages (Zaragoza, Burgos, Valencia, Murcia). Build troops in all villages to maintain momentum and replace losses.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): I have ordered a full-scale offensive on all enemy border villages! The armies from Madrid, Vigo, Cordoba, and Teruel are marching to Salamanca, Porto, Sevilha, and Toledo respectively. Simultaneously, I am sending reinforcements from Zaragoza, Burgos, Valencia, and Murcia to secure our borders and support the assault. If successful, we will conquer four villages in one turn, bringing our total to 18 and securing the victory!
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 4A+4K
COMBATE [12] Madrid: atacante B Fatk=24 (ef 36) Fdef=12 (ef 15) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~5
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 2A+2K
REFORCO [12] Madrid dono B: 2K
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 3A+2K
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 3K
REFORCO [14] Burgos dono B: 3A+1K
REFORCO [13] Teruel dono B: 1A+2K
REFORCO [11] Cordoba dono B: 2A+1K
COMBATE [9] Sevilha: atacante B Fatk=8 (ef 12) Fdef=12 (ef 15) vant=1 -> vence defensor | baixas~5
placar: A 10 ald/tropas 56 | B 14 ald/tropas 64 | neutras 0 | transito 14 (A 4 | B 10)

########## TURNO 22 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 5066 | resposta 19967 | raciocinio 15045 | finish stop | ms 191415
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 11, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 0, \"toId\": 3, \"troops\": {\"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 5}},\n    {\"fromId\": 1, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"archer\": 5, \"knight\": 5}},\n    {\"fromId\": 6, \"toId\": 7, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 1, \"archer\": 5, \"knight\": 7}},\n    {\"fromId\": 6, \"toId\": 10, \"troops\": {\"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 11, \"toId\": 15, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 1}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Turn 22-25: Launch massive offensive on weak enemy villages. Send all troops from Porto to take Vigo and Salamanca. Send Cordoba troops to take Murcia. Badajoz army takes Sevilha. Reinforce Coimbra from Lisboa, Badajoz from Santarem. Build knights in all villages to replenish. After capturing these 4 villages, consolidate borders, build up garrisons, and push towards Toledo and Madrid next turns to reach 18 villages.\",\n  \"statement\": \"I ordered a multi-pronged assault on the enemy's weak southern and western fronts. Porto's army split to capture Vigo and Salamanca, while Cordoba's forces took Murcia and Badajoz's marching army seized Sevilha. I also reinforced my borders with troops from the rear and built knights across all my villages to prepare for the next wave of expansion.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A in a strategy game. I need to analyze the current state and provide orders for the next turn.

Let's understand the current state:
- Turn 22.
- I hold 8 villages (need 18 of 24 to win, or eliminate all enemy villages).
- Enemy is King B.
- My villages:
  - [0] Lisboa (capital): 7 troops (0 spear, 2 archer, 5 knight)
  - [1] Santarem: 10 troops (0 spear, 5 archer, 5 knight)
  - [2] Evora: 7 troops (0 spear, 2 archer, 5 knight)
  - [3] Coimbra: 12 troops (0 spear, 10 archer, 2 knight)
  - [4] Badajoz: 10 troops (0 spear, 8 archer, 2 knight) + marching out: 4 spearmen, 6 archers, 2 knights (to [9] Sevilha, arrives in 1 turn)
  - [5] Faro: 11 troops (4 spear, 3 archer, 4 knight)
  - [6] Porto: 15 troops (1 spear, 7 archer, 7 knight)
  - [11] Cordoba: 12 troops (4 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight)
- Total troops at home: 84. Marching: 12.

Enemy villages visible:
- [7] Salamanca: 4 knights, def 10 (was 60, 5 turns ago) - heavily weakened or recently conquered?
- [8] Toledo: 3 spearmen, 14 archers, 9 knights, def 65
- [10] Vigo: 1 knight, def 3
- [9] Sevilha: 1 spearman, 2 archers, 1 knight, def 10
- [15] Murcia: 2 archers, def 5

Wait, the "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" says:
- "King B attacked YOUR [7] Salamanca with 5 knights ... the village FELL. Your garrison (2 knights) was destroyed." -> Wait, [7] Salamanca was MINE? But in "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE", it says "[7] Salamanca | ENEMY (King B) | garrison: 4 knights".
Ah, last turn I lost [7] Salamanca and [9] Sevilha and [8] Toledo? No, wait. "King B attacked YOUR [8] Toledo ... the village FELL. Your garrison (2 knights) was destroyed." But [8] Toledo is listed as ENEMY (King B) with 3 spearmen, 14 archers, 9 knights. So they were my villages, but they fell, or maybe they were already enemy and I attacked them?
Let's look at the "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" carefully:
- "King B attacked YOUR [11] Cordoba ... REPELLED" -> Cordoba is mine.
- "King B attacked YOUR [9] Sevilha ... REPELLED ... You lost 2 troops (3 left)." -> Then "King B attacked YOUR [9] Sevilha ... the village FELL. Your garrison ... was destroyed." -> So [9] Sevilha fell to the enemy. But now it says "[9] Sevilha | ENEMY (King B) | garrison: 1 spearman, 2 archers, 1 knight". So it's enemy now.
- "King B attacked YOUR [7] Salamanca ... the village FELL." -> [7] is now enemy.
- "King B attacked YOUR [6] Porto ... REPELLED" -> Porto is mine.
- "King B attacked YOUR [8] Toledo ... the village FELL." -> [8] is now enemy.

So I lost [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha last turn? Or did I attack them and lose?
Wait, "YOUR [8] Toledo" means it was mine. But in the current list, [8] Toledo is ENEMY. So I lost it.
Let's check the current borders.
My border villages:
- [3] Coimbra faces [7] Salamanca (enemy)
- [4] Badajoz faces [7], [8], [9] (all enemy)
- [5] Faro faces [9] (enemy)
- [6] Porto faces [7], [10] (enemy)
- [11] Cordoba faces [8], [9], [15] (enemy)

So my front line is Coimbra, Badajoz, Faro, Porto, Cordoba.
My rear is Lisboa, Santarem, Evora.

Let's look at the enemy's weak spots:
- [10] Vigo: 1 knight, def 3. March from [6] Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [15] Murcia: 2 archers, def 5. March from [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [7] Salamanca: 4 knights, def 10. March from [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto.
- [9] Sevilha: 1 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight, def 10. March from [4] Badajoz, [5] Faro, [11] Cordoba.
- [8] Toledo: 3 spear, 14 archer, 9 knight, def 65. Very strong.

I need to hold 18 villages. Currently I have 8.
I need to capture 10 more.
The enemy has: [7], [8], [9], [10], [12], [13], [14], [15], [16], [17], [18], [19], [20], [21], [22], [23] (some are unexplored).
Total map has 24 villages. I have 8, so enemy has 16.
To get to 18, I need to take 10 from the enemy.

Let's look at my available troops for building:
- Lisboa: wood 30, iron 20. Can build something. But cap is 300, currently 7.
- Santarem: wood 30, iron 70.
- Evora: wood 30, iron 50.
- Coimbra: wood 30, iron 140.
- Badajoz: wood 30, iron 70.
- Faro: wood 30, iron 70.
- Porto: wood 35, iron 140.
- Cordoba: wood 30, iron 40.

I should build troops to replenish and build up.
Troop costs:
- spearman: 15 wood + 0 iron
- archer: 20 wood + 10 iron
- knight: 30 wood + 30 iron

Let's check the march from [4] Badajoz to [9] Sevilha: "4 spearmen, 6 archers, 2 knights: [4] -> [9], arrives in 1 turn".
This army is arriving next turn. [9] Sevilha has def 10, garrison 1 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight.
My attacking force: 4 spear (atk 4), 6 archer (atk 12), 2 knight (atk 8). Total attack = 24.
Most numerous type: archer (6). Counter: archer counters spearman. But enemy has spearman, archer, knight. Most numerous enemy: archer (2). Wait, enemy has 1 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous is archer. My most numerous is archer. Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So archer vs archer, no counter bonus.
Effective force: my attack 24. Enemy defense: 10 (location bonus included).
Wait, combat rules: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs."
So my attack is 24. Enemy defense is 10.
24 vs 10. I should win easily.
Loser is destroyed entirely. Winner loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force.
Loser's effective force: defender counts defense. Enemy has 1 spear (def 2), 2 archer (def 4), 1 knight (def 2). Total defense = 8. But effective defense is 10 (location bonus included).
So loser's effective force is 10. Winner loses half = 5.
My army size: 12 troops. I lose 5. I will capture [9] Sevilha.

But wait, I also have troops at [11] Cordoba: 4 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight. I can send them to [9] or [15] Murcia or [8] Toledo.
If I send Cordoba's troops to [9] Sevilha, they won't arrive in 1 turn if it's 1 slow/medium/fast turn. Wait, march from [11] Cordoba to [9] Sevilha is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
If I send them, they will arrive in 1 turn. But the army from Badajoz arrives in 1 turn too.
"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So if I send from Cordoba and Badajoz to Sevilha, they fight separately. That's fine if the first one wins and captures it, the second one might just reinforce or fight the new garrison. Actually, if the first one captures it, the second one arrives and joins the garrison? Or fights the new garrison? "When an attack conquers a village, the surviving attackers stay there as its new garrison." If the second army arrives at a village I own, "they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." But they arrive on the same turn. The rule says "each send fights alone, one at a time." If the first one captures it, the second one arrives at a village that is now mine, so it reinforces. But the order of resolution matters. It's safer to send them to different targets or just one.

Let's look at [10] Vigo: def 3, 1 knight.
March from [6] Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Porto has 1 spear, 7 archer, 7 knight. Total attack if all sent: 1 + 14 + 28 = 43.
Enemy defense: 3. Vigo will fall.
What about [15] Murcia: def 5, 2 archers.
March from [11] Cordoba: 1 turn.
Cordoba has 4 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight. Attack: 4 + 12 + 8 = 24. Def 5. Easy win.

Let's look at the bigger picture.
I need to capture villages to reach 18.
Currently I have 8. If I capture [9] Sevilha, [10] Vigo, [15] Murcia, that's 11.
I also need to push towards the enemy capital [22] Barcelona and other villages.
The enemy capital is the hardest, but not required.
The unexplored villages are [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona, [23] Girona.
Known enemy villages: [12] Madrid (7 knights), [13] Teruel (3 spear, 15 archer, 9 knight), [14] Burgos (1 archer, 1 knight), [16] Valencia (2 spear, 7 archer, 3 knight), [17] Zaragoza (1 knight), [18] Castellon (2 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight).

My plan should be to attack the weak villages first to gain territory and resources, then push deeper.
Vigo (def 3) and Murcia (def 5) are extremely weak. Sevilha (def 10) is also weak.
Salamanca (def 10) is weak but has 4 knights. If I attack from Porto (1 spear, 7 archer, 7 knight), attack is 43. Def 10. Easy win.
But Salamanca is bordered by Coimbra, Badajoz, Porto. I can attack it from multiple sides.

Let's decide on movements:
From [6] Porto: send troops to [10] Vigo.
Troops available: 1 spear, 7 archer, 7 knight. Attack power 43.
Let's send all of them to Vigo. Vigo has 1 knight, def 3. It will fall.
From [11] Cordoba: send troops to [15] Murcia.
Troops available: 4 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight. Attack power 24. Murcia has 2 archers, def 5. It will fall.
From [4] Badajoz: the army marching to [9] Sevilha (4 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight) will arrive next turn and capture it.
Wait, I can also send troops from [3] Coimbra to [7] Salamanca.
Coimbra has 0 spear, 10 archer, 2 knight. Attack: 20 + 8 = 28. Salamanca has 4 knights, def 10.
If I send all from Coimbra to Salamanca, attack 28 vs def 10. Win.
But Salamanca has 4 knights. Their defense is 4 * 2 = 8. Location bonus included in def 10.
My attack 28 is much larger. I should win and capture Salamanca.

Let's check the travel times:
- Porto to Vigo: 1 turn.
- Cordoba to Murcia: 1 turn.
- Coimbra to Salamanca: "from here to your nearest border village [3] Coimbra: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" - wait, that's from Lisboa.
From Coimbra to Salamanca: road is [3] Coimbra: [1], [6], [7]. So [3] to [7] is 1 turn.
Let's check the road network:
[3] Coimbra: [1], [6], [7]. So [3] to [7] is direct. 1 turn.
[6] Porto: [3], [7], [10]. So [6] to [10] is direct. 1 turn.
[11] Cordoba: [8], [9], [15]. So [11] to [15] is direct. 1 turn.
[4] Badajoz: [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. So [4] to [9] is direct. 1 turn.

So I can launch 4 attacks this turn:
1. Porto -> Vigo (1 turn)
2. Cordoba -> Murcia (1 turn)
3. Coimbra -> Salamanca (1 turn)
4. Badajoz -> Sevilha (already marching, arrives next turn)

Wait, if I send from Coimbra to Salamanca, and from Porto to Vigo, and from Cordoba to Murcia.
What about the army from Badajoz to Sevilha? It's already marching, I don't need to order it again.
Let's check if I should send troops from other villages to reinforce.
Lisboa has 2 archer, 5 knight. I can send them to Coimbra to reinforce it, or to Salamanca after it's captured? No, I can only send to a village. If I send to Salamanca, they will fight in the first wave if I send them now? No, if I send them to Salamanca, they arrive in 1 turn (from Lisboa to Coimbra is 2 turns, then Coimbra to Salamanca is 1 turn, total 3 turns? No, Lisboa is connected to [1] Santarem and [2] Evora. To get to Salamanca, I have to go through Coimbra or Porto. Lisboa -> Santarem -> Coimbra -> Salamanca. That's 3 turns.
Wait, "from here to your nearest border village [3] Coimbra: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" from Lisboa. So Lisboa to Coimbra is 2 turns. Then Coimbra to Salamanca is 1 turn. Total 3 turns.
So I can't reinforce Salamanca from Lisboa in time for the attack this turn.
I can send troops from Lisboa to Coimbra to defend it or build up.
But Coimbra is my village, sending troops there just reinforces it.

Let's look at building.
I need to build troops to replenish the ones I send.
Village resources:
- Lisboa: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 2 archers (20 wood, 10 iron each -> 40 wood, 20 iron. Wait, I only have 30 wood. So 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron).
Let's build 2 spearmen in Lisboa? 30 wood, 0 iron. Yes.
- Santarem: wood 30, iron 70. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 35 wood. Let's build 1 archer and 1 spearman? 20+15 = 35 wood, 10 iron. Or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
Let's build 1 knight in Santarem.
- Evora: wood 30, iron 50. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Coimbra: wood 30, iron 140. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Badajoz: wood 30, iron 70. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Faro: wood 30, iron 70. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Porto: wood 35, iron 140. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron)? Total 50 wood, 40 iron. I have 35 wood. So only 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Cordoba: wood 30, iron 40. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).

Wait, I need to think about the cap. "Cap per village: when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building". Currently all are well below 300.

Let's refine the builds to maximize military strength.
Knights are the best (atk 4, def 2, fast). But they cost 30 wood, 30 iron.
Archers are good (atk 2, def 2, medium). Cost 20 wood, 10 iron.
Spearman are cheap (atk 1, def 2, slow). Cost 15 wood, 0 iron.

Since I need to attack and hold territory, having a mix is good.
Let's build knights where I can afford them, and archers/spearmen elsewhere.
- Lisboa: 30 wood, 20 iron. Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron)? Total 35 wood. I only have 30 wood. So 2 spearmen (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Let's build 1 archer.
- Santarem: 30 wood, 70 iron. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Evora: 30 wood, 50 iron. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Coimbra: 30 wood, 140 iron. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Badajoz: 30 wood, 70 iron. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Faro: 30 wood, 70 iron. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Porto: 35 wood, 140 iron. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Cordoba: 30 wood, 40 iron. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).

This uses up most of the wood and iron, building 7 knights and 1 archer. That's a good boost.

Let's check the movements again.
I want to attack:
1. [6] Porto -> [10] Vigo. Troops: 1 spear, 7 archer, 7 knight. (All available).
2. [11] Cordoba -> [15] Murcia. Troops: 4 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight. (All available).
3. [3] Coimbra -> [7] Salamanca. Troops: 10 archer, 2 knight. (All available).
4. [4] Badajoz -> [9] Sevilha. Already marching: 4 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight.

Wait, if I send ALL troops from Porto, Coimbra, and Cordoba, I leave those villages with 0 troops.
Is that safe?
Porto is bordered by Salamanca and Vigo. If I send all troops to Vigo, Salamanca might attack Porto? But Salamanca is enemy, and I am attacking it from Coimbra. If I capture Salamanca, the border shifts.
But if the enemy has other troops, they might attack Porto.
However, the enemy orders are simultaneous. They don't know I am sending all troops from Porto. They might send troops to attack Porto. If Porto has 0 troops, it will fall!
This is a risk. But the enemy garrisons in the visible villages are small, and they might be spread out.
Actually, looking at the "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN", the enemy attacked multiple times. They are active.
But if I leave Porto empty, and they attack it, it falls.
Maybe I should leave a small garrison?
But the rule says: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup".
If I send all, I maximize the attack power.
Let's look at the enemy's potential attacks on my villages.
- [7] Salamanca has 4 knights. They could attack [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz, or [6] Porto.
- [8] Toledo has 3 spear, 14 archer, 9 knight. They could attack [4] Badajoz or [11] Cordoba.
- [9] Sevilha has 1 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight. They could attack [4] Badajoz, [5] Faro, or [11] Cordoba.
- [10] Vigo has 1 knight. They could attack [6] Porto.
- [15] Murcia has 2 archers. They could attack [11] Cordoba.

If I leave Porto empty, Vigo (1 knight) might attack it. 1 knight vs 0 troops = Porto falls. That would be bad.
If I leave Cordoba empty, Murcia (2 archers) might attack it. Cordoba falls.
So I should probably leave some troops to defend, or attack the sources of the threats.
But I can't be sure they will attack. They might attack elsewhere.
However, the safest is to leave a minimal garrison, or send just enough to capture the target and leave the rest.
Wait, "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" lists the maximum I can send. I don't have to send all.
For Porto: 1 spear, 7 archer, 7 knight. If I send 1 spear, 3 archer, 2 knight to Vigo, attack is 1 + 6 + 8 = 15. Vigo def is 3. 15 vs 3 is still a massive win.
Let's calculate the losses. Loser's effective force = 3. Winner loses half = 1.5 -> 1 or 2 troops.
So I can leave 4 archer, 5 knight in Porto to defend. That's a good garrison.
For Cordoba: 4 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight. Send 2 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight to Murcia. Attack = 2 + 6 + 4 = 12. Murcia def 5. Win. Leave 2 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight in Cordoba.
For Coimbra: 10 archer, 2 knight. Send 5 archer, 1 knight to Salamanca. Attack = 10 + 4 = 14. Salamanca def 10. 14 vs 10. Win, but close. Let's send more. Send 8 archer, 1 knight. Attack = 16 + 4 = 20. Def 10. Win comfortably. Leave 2 archer, 1 knight in Coimbra.
For Badajoz: already marching 4 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight. Badajoz has 8 archer, 2 knight left. That's a good garrison.

Let's re-evaluate the attacks.
If I send 8 archer, 1 knight from Coimbra to Salamanca.
Attack: 8*2 + 1*4 = 20.
Salamanca def: 10 (4 knights).
Combat: My attack 20. Enemy defense 10.
Enemy troops: 4 knights. Defense = 4 * 2 = 8. Location bonus makes it 10.
My most numerous: archer (8). Enemy most numerous: knight (4).
Archer vs knight: knight counters archer? No, "spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer."
So knight counters archer!
Since enemy's most numerous is knight, and mine is archer, the enemy gets the counter bonus!
Wait, "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
My army: 8 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous: archer.
Enemy army: 4 knights. Most numerous: knight.
Knight counters archer. So the enemy gets a 1.5x multiplier to their WHOLE army's force?
"Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5 (every troop in it, not only the countering type)."
Wait, who gets the multiplier? The one who has the counter?
"Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5"
So if my army has the counter, my force is multiplied by 1.5.
If the enemy army has the counter, their force is multiplied by 1.5.
In this case, enemy has knights, I have archers. Knight counters archer. So the ENEMY has the counter!
Wait, "knight counters archer" means knight is strong against archer. So the knight army has the counter against the archer army.
So the enemy's defense force is multiplied by 1.5?
Let's read carefully: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs."
"Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5"
So if I attack with archers, and the defender has knights, the defender has the counter (knight counters archer). So the defender's force is multiplied by 1.5.
Defender's base defense: 4 knights * 2 = 8. With location bonus, effective defense is 10.
If the counter applies, is it 10 * 1.5 = 15?
Or is the counter applied to the base stats before location bonus?
"The "effective defense" values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again."
But the counter is a separate multiplier.
If enemy defense is 10, and they have the counter, it becomes 15.
My attack is 20. 20 vs 15. I still win, but with higher losses.
Let's check if I can avoid the counter.
If I send some spearmen with my archers?
Spearmen counter knights.
If I send 2 spearmen, 6 archers, 1 knight.
My most numerous: archer (6). Enemy most numerous: knight (4).
Still archer vs knight, enemy has counter.
If I send mostly spearmen? I don't have spearmen in Coimbra (0 available).
What if I send knights? I have 2 knights in Coimbra.
If I send 2 knights, 8 archers. Most numerous is still archer (8 vs 2).
To make knights the most numerous, I need more knights than archers. I only have 2 knights.
So I can't easily avoid the counter unless I send a pure knight army, which I can't.
But 20 vs 15 is still a win.
Let's calculate the losses.
Loser's effective force: defender's force. If defender has counter, force is 15.
Winner loses half of loser's effective force = 7.5 -> 7 or 8 troops.
My army size: 9 troops. I lose 8? That's almost total loss.
Wait, "The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself."
If loser's effective force is 15, half is 7.5. I lose 7.5 worth of troops.
My army has 9 troops. I lose ~8 troops. That's a pyrrhic victory.
Is it better to attack from a different village?
Porto has 1 spear, 7 archer, 7 knight.
If I send from Porto to Salamanca: 1 spear, 7 archer, 7 knight.
Most numerous: archer (7) or knight (7)? Tie. "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight". So archer is most numerous.
Still archer vs knight.
What if I send 7 knights, 7 archers, 1 spear? Tie between knight and archer. Order: spearman, archer, knight. So archer is most numerous.
To make knight most numerous, I need more knights than archers. I have 7 knights, 7 archers. If I send 7 knights and 6 archers, knight is most numerous.
Then knight vs knight. No counter bonus for either!
Let's check: my most numerous: knight. Enemy most numerous: knight.
Knight vs knight: no counter.
So my attack force is not multiplied, enemy defense is not multiplied.
My attack: 7 knights * 4 = 28. 6 archers * 2 = 12. 1 spear * 1 = 1. Total = 41.
Enemy defense: 4 knights * 2 = 8. Location bonus = 10.
41 vs 10. Massive win.
Losses: half of 10 = 5. I lose 5 troops out of 14. Much better!
But if I send 7 knights, 6 archers, 1 spear from Porto, I leave 1 archer, 0 knight in Porto. That's a very weak garrison.
But maybe I can send from Porto to Salamanca, and from Coimbra to Vigo? No, Coimbra is not connected to Vigo.
Let's look at the road network.
Porto [6] is connected to [3] Coimbra, [7] Salamanca, [10] Vigo.
Coimbra [3] is connected to [1] Santarem, [6] Porto, [7] Salamanca.
So both Porto and Coimbra can attack Salamanca.
If I attack Salamanca from Porto with a knight-heavy army, and from Coimbra with an archer-heavy army, they fight separately.
The first one to fight (say Porto) wins and captures Salamanca. Then the second one (Coimbra) arrives at a village I own, so it reinforces.
But the order of resolution: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
If Porto attacks Salamanca and captures it, the survivors stay as garrison. Then Coimbra's army arrives. Since Salamanca is now mine, Coimbra's army just joins the garrison. They don't fight the enemy again.
This is a great way to stack troops without suffering the counter bonus against the garrison!
Wait, if Porto attacks Salamanca first, it fights the 4 knights. If it wins, it captures the village. The surviving troops stay. Then Coimbra's army arrives and joins them.
But the enemy garrison is destroyed in the first fight. So Coimbra's army doesn't face the 4 knights, they just join the new garrison.
This is perfectly legal and very effective.
So I can send:
- From Porto [6] to Salamanca [7]: 7 knights, 6 archers, 1 spear. (Leaves 1 archer in Porto).
- From Coimbra [3] to Salamanca [7]: 10 archers, 2 knights. (Leaves 0 in Coimbra).
Wait, if Coimbra sends all, it has 0 garrison. But Salamanca is now mine, and Porto's army is there. Coimbra is behind the front line (bordered by Porto and Santarem). If Salamanca is mine, Coimbra is interior. So it's safe.
Actually, Coimbra is bordered by Salamanca (enemy), Porto (mine), Santarem (mine). If I capture Salamanca, Coimbra's border becomes Salamanca (mine), so it's interior. Safe.
What about Vigo [10]? It's connected to Porto [6]. If I send all from Porto to Salamanca, Vigo might attack Porto. But Vigo has only 1 knight. If Porto has 1 archer, it might repel it or not. But Vigo is very weak.
Actually, I want to capture Vigo too. I can send from Coimbra to Vigo? No, Coimbra is not connected to Vigo. Only Porto is connected to Vigo.
So I need some troops from Porto to take Vigo, or I take Vigo next turn after Salamanca.
Let's look at the timing.
Turn 22: I order Porto to attack Salamanca, Coimbra to attack Salamanca.
Turn 23: Porto army arrives at Salamanca, fights, wins. Coimbra army arrives at Salamanca, joins garrison.
Then on Turn 23, I can order the new Salamanca garrison to attack Vigo? No, Salamanca is not connected to Vigo. Porto is connected to Vigo.
So I would need to send from Porto to Vigo on Turn 23. But if I sent all from Porto to Salamanca on Turn 22, Porto has 0 troops on Turn 23. I can't send from Porto.
So I should leave some troops in Porto to attack Vigo next turn, or attack Vigo this turn.
If I attack Vigo this turn from Porto, I can't send the knight-heavy army to Salamanca.
Let's split Porto's troops:
- To Vigo: 4 knights, 3 archers, 1 spear. Attack = 16 + 6 + 1 = 23. Vigo def 3. Easy win. Leave 3 knights, 4 archers in Porto.
- To Salamanca: 3 knights, 4 archers, 1 spear. Attack = 12 + 8 + 1 = 21. Salamanca def 10. Win.
But then I have two attacks from Porto. They fight separately.
If I attack Vigo and Salamanca from Porto on the same turn, they are separate sends.
Porto has 1 spear, 7 archer, 7 knight.
Send A (to Vigo): 1 spear, 3 archer, 4 knight.
Send B (to Salamanca): 0 spear, 4 archer, 3 knight.
Total sent: 1 spear, 7 archer, 7 knight. All troops sent!
Porto is left with 0 troops.
Is that okay? Vigo is 1 knight, Salamanca is 4 knights. If I capture both, Porto is safe. But if I fail one, Porto is empty.
Let's check the combat for Send B (to Salamanca): 3 knights, 4 archers.
Most numerous: archer (4) vs knight (3). Wait, enemy has 4 knights. So enemy most numerous is knight (4), mine is archer (4). Tie? "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight". So archer is most numerous.
Archer vs knight: enemy has counter. Enemy defense 10 * 1.5 = 15.
My attack: 3 knights (12) + 4 archers (8) = 20.
20 vs 15. Win, but lose half of 15 = 7.5 -> 7 troops. I only have 7 troops, so I lose almost all.
This is bad.

What if I send from Porto only to Vigo, and from Coimbra to Salamanca?
Porto to Vigo: 1 spear, 7 archer, 7 knight. Attack 43. Vigo def 3. Win, lose 1.5 -> 1 or 2 troops. Leave 0 in Porto.
Coimbra to Salamanca: 10 archer, 2 knight. Attack 24. Salamanca def 10. Enemy has counter (knight vs archer). Def 15. 24 vs 15. Win, lose 7.5 -> 7 troops. Leave 0 in Coimbra.
This leaves Porto and Coimbra empty.
But I capture Vigo and Salamanca.
Then on Turn 23, Vigo has my troops, Salamanca has my troops. Porto and Coimbra are empty but interior (if Salamanca is mine, Coimbra is interior; Porto is bordered by Vigo (mine) and Salamanca (mine), so it's interior).
Wait, Porto is connected to Coimbra, Salamanca, Vigo. If all three are mine, Porto is interior and safe.
So leaving it empty is fine!
This seems like a good gamble. If the enemy doesn't attack the empty villages, I'm fine. If they do, they fall. But the enemy armies are small and spread out.
Let's check the enemy's possible moves.
Enemy has [7] Salamanca (4 knights), [8] Toledo (3 spear, 14 archer, 9 knight), [9] Sevilha (1 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight), [10] Vigo (1 knight), [15] Murcia (2 archers).
They can attack my border villages: Coimbra, Badajoz, Faro, Porto, Cordoba.
If they attack Porto and it's empty, they take it. But they have to march. Salamanca to Porto is 1 turn. Vigo to Porto is 1 turn.
If they attack Porto from Salamanca (4 knights), and Porto is empty, they take it. Then I lose Porto.
But I am attacking Salamanca from Coimbra. If I capture Salamanca, the enemy army that was there is destroyed. So they can't attack Porto from Salamanca if Salamanca falls.
The enemy writes their orders at the same time as me, over the same snapshot.
So on Turn 22, they see Porto with 15 troops. They might decide NOT to attack Porto, or they might attack it anyway.
If they attack Porto with 4 knights from Salamanca, and I send all from Porto to Vigo, the enemy army marches to Porto. Meanwhile, my army from Coimbra marches to Salamanca.
On Turn 23, my army arrives at Salamanca and fights the 4 knights (if they are still there). But the 4 knights are marching to Porto!
Wait! "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination."
If the enemy orders Salamanca -> Porto, they leave Salamanca. Salamanca becomes empty (or has whatever is left).
My army from Coimbra arrives at Salamanca. Since Salamanca is now empty (enemy left), do I capture it without a fight?
"When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs."
If there is no defender, do I just occupy it?
"The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER. The LOSER is destroyed entirely - this includes an attacker that fails against a village."
If the village is empty, there is no defender. The attacker just occupies it.
So if the enemy leaves Salamanca, my army takes it without a fight.
Then the enemy army arrives at Porto. Porto is empty. They take it.
So we swap: I get Salamanca, they get Porto.
Is that good? Salamanca is worth 1 village, Porto is worth 1 village. But I lose the troops that were in Porto? No, I sent them to Vigo. So I capture Vigo too.
Actually, if I send from Porto to Vigo, my troops leave Porto. The enemy army from Salamanca goes to Porto. They arrive on Turn 23. Porto is empty, they occupy it.
My troops arrive at Vigo on Turn 23, capture it.
My troops from Coimbra arrive at Salamanca on Turn 23, occupy it (since enemy left).
So on Turn 23, I gain Salamanca and Vigo, lose Porto.
Net change: +1 village (I had Porto, now I have Salamanca and Vigo. Wait, I had Porto, Coimbra. Now I have Salamanca, Vigo, Coimbra. That's 3 instead of 2. Net +1).
But I also have the army from Badajoz arriving at Sevilha. If I capture Sevilha, that's another +1.
This could work.

But it's risky. What if the enemy doesn't move from Salamanca? Then my army from Coimbra fights the 4 knights in Salamanca.
As calculated, 24 vs 15 (with counter). I win but lose 7 troops. Salamanca is captured.
Porto is safe because the enemy didn't move.
So if the enemy stays, I capture Salamanca and Vigo, lose some troops, keep Porto. That's better.
If the enemy moves, I swap Porto for Salamanca, and still get Vigo. That's also okay.
So sending all from Porto to Vigo, and all from Coimbra to Salamanca is a solid plan.

Let's check Cordoba and Murcia.
Cordoba has 4 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight.
Murcia has 2 archers, def 5.
If I send all from Cordoba to Murcia: 4 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight. Attack = 4 + 12 + 8 = 24. Def 5. Win, lose 2.5 -> 2 troops.
Leave Cordoba empty.
Enemy at Murcia (2 archers) might attack Cordoba. If they attack, they march to Cordoba. If Cordoba is empty, they take it. I take Murcia. Swap.
If they don't attack, I take Murcia, Cordoba is empty but interior (bordered by Sevilha (if I take it), Toledo (enemy), Murcia (mine)). Wait, Cordoba is connected to [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia.
If I take Sevilha and Murcia, Cordoba is bordered by Toledo (enemy) and my villages. It's a border village. If it's empty, Toledo could attack it.
Toledo has a big army (3 spear, 14 archer, 9 knight). They could attack Cordoba.
If they attack Cordoba and it's empty, I lose it.
So maybe I should leave a garrison in Cordoba.
Let's send 2 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight to Murcia. Attack = 2 + 6 + 4 = 12. Def 5. Win.
Leave 2 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight in Cordoba. That's a decent garrison.

What about Badajoz to Sevilha?
The army is already marching: 4 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight.
Badajoz has 8 archer, 2 knight left. That's a good garrison.
Sevilha has 1 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight, def 10.
My attacking army: 4 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight.
Most numerous: archer (6). Enemy most numerous: archer (2). Tie breaks to archer. No counter.
Attack: 4*1 + 6*2 + 2*4 = 4 + 12 + 8 = 24.
Defense: 10.
24 vs 10. Win, lose 5 troops.
I will capture Sevilha.

Let's summarize the planned moves for Turn 22:
1. Build:
- Lisboa: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron)
- Santarem: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron)
- Evora: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron)
- Coimbra: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron)
- Badajoz: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron)
- Faro: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron)
- Porto: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron)
- Cordoba: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron)
Wait, do I have enough iron?
- Lisboa: iron 20. Build 1 archer (10 iron). OK.
- Santarem: iron 70. Build 1 knight (30 iron). OK.
- Evora: iron 50. Build 1 knight (30 iron). OK.
- Coimbra: iron 140. Build 1 knight (30 iron). OK.
- Badajoz: iron 70. Build 1 knight (30 iron). OK.
- Faro: iron 70. Build 1 knight (30 iron). OK.
- Porto: iron 140. Build 1 knight (30 iron). OK.
- Cordoba: iron 40. Build 1 knight (30 iron). OK.
Wood:
- Lisboa: 30. Build 1 archer (20 wood). OK.
- Santarem: 30. Build 1 knight (30 wood). OK.
- Evora: 30. Build 1 knight (30 wood). OK.
- Coimbra: 30. Build 1 knight (30 wood). OK.
- Badajoz: 30. Build 1 knight (30 wood). OK.
- Faro: 30. Build 1 knight (30 wood). OK.
- Porto: 35. Build 1 knight (30 wood). OK.
- Cordoba: 30. Build 1 knight (30 wood). OK.
This is a solid build order. It costs 230 wood and 170 iron. I have exactly enough or more.

Wait, Lisboa has 30 wood. 1 archer costs 20 wood. So 10 wood left.
Santarem has 30 wood. 1 knight costs 30 wood. 0 left.
Evora: 30 wood. 1 knight costs 30 wood. 0 left.
Coimbra: 30 wood. 1 knight costs 30 wood. 0 left.
Badajoz: 30 wood. 1 knight costs 30 wood. 0 left.
Faro: 30 wood. 1 knight costs 30 wood. 0 left.
Porto: 35 wood. 1 knight costs 30 wood. 5 left.
Cordoba: 30 wood. 1 knight costs 30 wood. 0 left.
All good.

2. Movements:
- [6] Porto -> [10] Vigo. Troops: 1 spearman, 7 archer, 7 knight. (All available).
- [3] Coimbra -> [7] Salamanca. Troops: 10 archer, 2 knight. (All available).
- [11] Cordoba -> [15] Murcia. Troops: 2 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. (Leave 2 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight).
- [4] Badajoz -> [9] Sevilha. Already marching (4 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight). No new order needed.

Wait, should I send from Lisboa or Santarem to reinforce?
Lisboa has 2 archer, 5 knight. I can send them to Coimbra to reinforce it, since I am emptying Coimbra.
But Coimbra is being emptied to attack Salamanca. If I send from Lisboa to Coimbra, they arrive in 2 turns (Lisboa -> Santarem -> Coimbra? Lisboa is connected to [1] Santarem and [2] Evora. To get to Coimbra, I need to go through Santarem. Lisboa -> Santarem is 1 turn, Santarem -> Coimbra is 1 turn. Total 2 turns).
If I send them now, they arrive on Turn 24. That's fine for reinforcement.
But Santarem is also connected to Badajoz. I could send to Badajoz.
Let's send Lisboa's troops to Coimbra to reinforce it after the attack.
Actually, if I send them to Coimbra, they just join the garrison.
Let's do that: Lisboa -> Coimbra: 2 archer, 5 knight.
Wait, Lisboa is [0]. Coimbra is [3].
Road: [0] Lisboa: [1], [2]. [1] Santarem: [0], [3], [4]. So Lisboa -> Santarem -> Coimbra. 2 turns.
Yes, I can send them.

What about Santarem? It has 5 archer, 5 knight. I can send some to Badajoz or Coimbra.
Let's send 5 archer, 5 knight from Santarem to Badajoz. Badajoz is connected to Santarem ([1] Santarem: [0], [3], [4]). So 1 turn.
This reinforces Badajoz, which is on the front line.
Let's check Badajoz's current troops: 8 archer, 2 knight. Adding 5 archer, 5 knight makes it 13 archer, 7 knight. Strong garrison.

Let's review the movements:
- [0] Lisboa -> [3] Coimbra: 2 archer, 5 knight.
- [1] Santarem -> [4] Badajoz: 5 archer, 5 knight.
- [6] Porto -> [10] Vigo: 1 spearman, 7 archer, 7 knight.
- [3] Coimbra -> [7] Salamanca: 10 archer, 2 knight.
- [11] Cordoba -> [15] Murcia: 2 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight.

Wait, if I send from Lisboa to Coimbra, and from Coimbra to Salamanca.
Lisboa troops arrive on Turn 24. Coimbra troops leave on Turn 22, arrive on Turn 23.
So Coimbra will be empty on Turn 23, then on Turn 24 Lisboa's troops arrive.
That's fine.

Let's check if I have enough troops in Lisboa to send.
Lisboa has 7 troops: 2 archer, 5 knight. Yes, I can send all of them.
Santarem has 10 troops: 5 archer, 5 knight. Yes, I can send all of them.
But if I send all from Santarem, it's empty. Santarem is interior, bordered by Lisboa, Coimbra, Badajoz. If all are mine, it's safe.
But Lisboa is sending troops to Coimbra, so Lisboa will be empty on Turn 23.
If Santarem is empty, and Lisboa is empty, the rear is empty.
But the enemy is far away (Toledo, Sevilha). They can't reach Lisboa or Santarem quickly.
So it's probably safe.

Let's double check the travel times.
Lisboa to Coimbra: "from here to your nearest border village [3] Coimbra: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".
My troops: 2 archer (medium), 5 knight (fast).
March time is determined by the slowest. But the report says "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". This means if I send slow troops it takes 2 turns, medium 1 turn, fast 1 turn.
Since I am sending only archer (medium) and knight (fast), the slowest is medium. So it takes 1 turn?
Wait, "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means the distance is 2 slow turns, 1 medium turn, 1 fast turn.
If I send a medium troop, it takes 1 turn? No, the distance is measured in turns for each speed.
"march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns"
This means a slow army takes 5 turns, a medium army takes 3 turns, a fast army takes 2 turns.
So for Lisboa to Coimbra: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".
If I send archers (medium) and knights (fast), the slowest is medium. So it takes 1 turn!
Ah! "A MIXED army marches at the speed of its SLOWEST troop."
So if I send archers and knights, the slowest is archer (medium). It takes 1 medium turn = 1 turn.
So Lisboa -> Coimbra takes 1 turn!
Let's check the report: "from here to your nearest border village [3] Coimbra: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".
Yes, 1 medium turn = 1 turn.
So Lisboa troops arrive on Turn 23.
This is great. They arrive just in time to reinforce Coimbra after it sends its troops to Salamanca.
Wait, if Coimbra sends troops to Salamanca on Turn 22, they arrive on Turn 23.
Lisboa troops leave on Turn 22, arrive on Turn 23.
So on Turn 23, Coimbra has 0 troops (sent to Salamanca), but Lisboa troops arrive and join Coimbra's garrison.
So Coimbra is never empty on the enemy's turn? The enemy moves simultaneously.
On Turn 22, Coimbra has 12 troops. Enemy might attack it.
If enemy attacks Coimbra, they fight the 12 troops.
If I send 10 archer, 2 knight to Salamanca, I leave 0 in Coimbra.
Wait, "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 10 archer, 2 knight".
If I send all 10 archer and 2 knight, I leave 0.
But Lisboa troops are marching to Coimbra. They arrive on Turn 23.
On Turn 22, Coimbra has 12 troops. If enemy attacks on Turn 22, they fight the 12 troops.
Wait, the enemy writes orders on Turn 22 based on the snapshot of Turn 22.
At Turn 22, Coimbra has 12 troops. So the enemy sees 12 troops.
If they order an attack to Coimbra, it happens on Turn 23 (or whenever it arrives).
My order to send from Coimbra to Salamanca also happens on Turn 22.
So on Turn 23, my troops from Coimbra arrive at Salamanca. Coimbra is empty.
If the enemy army arrives at Coimbra on Turn 23, they find it empty and occupy it.
So I need to be careful.
But if the enemy attacks Coimbra, they have to march from Salamanca or Porto.
Salamanca to Coimbra is 1 turn. So they would arrive on Turn 23.
If they arrive on Turn 23, and Coimbra is empty, they take it.
To prevent this, I should leave some troops in Coimbra.
But I only have 10 archer, 2 knight. If I send 8 archer, 1 knight to Salamanca, I leave 2 archer, 1 knight in Coimbra.
That's a small garrison, but better than 0.
Let's do that.
Send from Coimbra to Salamanca: 8 archer, 1 knight.
Leave 2 archer, 1 knight in Coimbra.
Lisboa troops (2 archer, 5 knight) arrive on Turn 23, reinforcing Coimbra to 4 archer, 6 knight. Good.

Let's adjust Lisboa -> Coimbra: 2 archer, 5 knight.
Santarem -> Badajoz: 5 archer, 5 knight.
Porto -> Vigo: 1 spearman, 7 archer, 7 knight.
Coimbra -> Salamanca: 8 archer, 1 knight.
Cordoba -> Murcia: 2 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight.

Let's check the attack power of Coimbra -> Salamanca: 8 archer (16) + 1 knight (4) = 20.
Salamanca def 10. Enemy has 4 knights. Most numerous: knight (4). Mine: archer (8). Enemy has counter. Def 15.
20 vs 15. Win, lose 7.5 -> 7 troops. I have 9 troops, so I lose 7. That's bad.
Can I send some spearmen to avoid the counter? I have 0 spearmen in Coimbra.
What if I send from Porto to Salamanca instead?
Porto has 1 spear, 7 archer, 7 knight.
If I send 1 spear, 6 archer, 6 knight to Salamanca.
Most numerous: archer (6) vs knight (4). Enemy has counter.
If I send 1 spear, 5 archer, 7 knight. Most numerous: knight (7) vs archer (5). Knight vs knight. No counter!
Attack: 1 + 10 + 28 = 39. Def 10. Win easily, lose 5.
Leave in Porto: 2 archer, 1 knight, 1 spear. (Total 4 troops).
Then I can send the remaining to Vigo? No, I can only send one army per village per turn? "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up... each send fights alone". But can I send multiple armies from the SAME village in the same turn?
"Orders are SIMULTANEOUS... Each troop type has a speed... A MIXED army marches at the speed of its SLOWEST troop."
Usually in these games, you can only send one army from a village per turn, or you can split them into multiple stacks.
The prompt says: "movements": [ {"fromId": ..., "toId": ..., "troops": {...}} ]. It's a list. So I can send multiple stacks from the same village!
Let's check if the rules allow it. "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
It doesn't say you can't send from the same village. It says "different villages".
So I can send two stacks from Porto!
Stack A: to Salamanca. 1 spear, 5 archer, 7 knight. (Most numerous: knight). Attack 39.
Stack B: to Vigo. 2 archer, 1 knight. Attack 4 + 2 = 6. Vigo def 3. Win.
Total sent from Porto: 1 spear, 7 archer, 7 knight. All troops sent!
Porto left with 0.
But if Porto is left with 0, and enemy attacks it, it falls.
But if I capture Salamanca and Vigo, Porto is interior.
Let's check if the enemy can attack Porto.
Enemy in Salamanca (4 knights) might attack Porto. If they attack Porto, they march to Porto. But I am also attacking Salamanca.
If they march to Porto, Salamanca becomes empty. My stack A arrives at Salamanca, finds it empty, occupies it.
My stack B arrives at Vigo, captures it.
Enemy arrives at Porto, finds it empty, occupies it.
So I get Salamanca and Vigo, lose Porto. Net +1.
If the enemy doesn't move, I get Salamanca and Vigo, keep Porto. Net +2.
This seems like a good gamble.

But wait, if I send two stacks from Porto, they march along the same road?
Porto to Salamanca: road [6] -> [7].
Porto to Vigo: road [6] -> [10].
They are different roads. So they don't interfere.
This is allowed.

Let's check the timing.
Porto to Salamanca: 1 turn.
Porto to Vigo: 1 turn.
Both arrive on Turn 23.

What about Coimbra? If I send all from Coimbra to Salamanca, they arrive on Turn 23.
But if Porto's stack A captures Salamanca first, Coimbra's stack arrives later and joins the garrison.
The order of resolution: "each send fights alone, one at a time."
Which one fights first? The one that arrives first? They arrive on the same turn.
Maybe the order I list them? Or the order of the villages?
It doesn't matter much. If Porto's stack wins and captures Salamanca, Coimbra's stack just reinforces.
If Coimbra's stack fights first, it faces the 4 knights.
Coimbra has 10 archer, 2 knight. Attack 24. Def 15 (with counter). Win, lose 7.
Then Porto's stack arrives and joins.
This is worse because I lose 7 troops from Coimbra.
To avoid this, I should NOT send from Coimbra to Salamanca if I am sending from Porto.
I should just send from Porto to Salamanca, and leave Coimbra's troops to defend Coimbra or attack elsewhere.
Where can Coimbra attack?
Coimbra is connected to [1] Santarem, [6] Porto, [7] Salamanca.
It can only attack Salamanca.
So if I don't attack Salamanca from Coimbra, I just keep the troops in Coimbra to defend it.
That's fine. Coimbra has 12 troops. It's a strong defense.
Let's do that.
Keep Coimbra's troops at home. They defend Coimbra.
Build in Coimbra to increase the garrison.

So the plan:
- Porto sends two stacks:
  - To Salamanca: 1 spear, 5 archer, 7 knight. (Attack 39, def 10, win).
  - To Vigo: 2 archer, 1 knight. (Attack 6, def 3, win).
- Cordoba sends one stack:
  - To Murcia: 2 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight. (Attack 12, def 5, win). Leave 2 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight.
- Badajoz to Sevilha: already marching (4 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight).
- Lisboa sends one stack:
  - To Coimbra: 2 archer, 5 knight. (Reinforce Coimbra).
- Santarem sends one stack:
  - To Badajoz: 5 archer, 5 knight. (Reinforce Badajoz).

Let's check the resources and builds.
Builds:
- Lisboa: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
- Santarem: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Evora: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Coimbra: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Badajoz: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Faro: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Porto: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Cordoba: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).

Wait, if I build 1 knight in Porto, it adds to the troops at home.
But I am sending ALL troops from Porto (1 spear, 7 archer, 7 knight).
If I build 1 knight, it will be built in 1 turn. Can I send it this turn?
"ready in 1 turn." So it won't be ready until Turn 23.
So I can't send it this turn. It will stay in Porto as a garrison for Turn 23.
That's good! It means Porto won't be completely empty.
Let's check the build order. If I build a knight in Porto, it takes 1 turn. It will be ready on Turn 23.
So on Turn 22, I send the existing troops. On Turn 23, the new knight is there.
But the enemy attacks on Turn 23. If they attack Porto on Turn 23, they face the new knight + whatever I left.
But I sent all existing troops. So only the new knight is there.
That's 1 knight. Not much, but better than 0.
Actually, I can build more in Porto. Porto has 35 wood, 140 iron.
I can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). I can't build 2 because I only have 35 wood.
So 1 knight is the max.

Let's check Cordoba. I send 2 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight. Leave 2 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight.
Build 1 knight. So on Turn 23, Cordoba has 2 spear, 3 archer, 2 knight. Good.

Let's check Coimbra. I send 0. Leave 10 archer, 2 knight.
Build 1 knight. On Turn 23, Coimbra has 10 archer, 3 knight. Good.

Let's check Badajoz. Already marching 4 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight.
Leave 8 archer, 2 knight.
Build 1 knight. On Turn 23, Badajoz has 8 archer, 3 knight. Good.

Let's check Lisboa. Send 2 archer, 5 knight. Leave 0.
Build 1 archer. On Turn 23, Lisboa has 1 archer.
But Lisboa is interior, so it's safe.

Let's check Santarem. Send 5 archer, 5 knight. Leave 0.
Build 1 knight. On Turn 23, Santarem has 1 knight.
Interior, safe.

Let's check Evora. Send 0. Leave 2 archer, 5 knight.
Build 1 knight. On Turn 23, Evora has 2 archer, 6 knight. Good.

Let's check Faro. Send 0. Leave 4 spear, 3 archer, 4 knight.
Build 1 knight. On Turn 23, Faro has 4 spear, 3 archer, 5 knight. Good.

This looks very balanced. I am reinforcing my rear and building up my army.

Let's double check the travel times for the reinforcements.
Lisboa -> Coimbra: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".
My troops: 2 archer (medium), 5 knight (fast). Slowest is medium. So 1 turn.
They arrive on Turn 23.
Santarem -> Badajoz: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" (from Santarem to Badajoz is direct, [1] to [4]).
My troops: 5 archer (medium), 5 knight (fast). Slowest is medium. So 1 turn.
They arrive on Turn 23.
This is perfect. They reinforce the front line just in time.

Let's review the enemy's possible counter-attacks.
On Turn 22, the enemy sees my moves? No, they write orders at the same time.
They see:
- Porto has 15 troops. They might attack it.
- Coimbra has 12 troops. They might attack it.
- Badajoz has 10 troops + marching out. They might attack it.
- Cordoba has 12 troops. They might attack it.
If they attack Porto, they have to use Salamanca (4 knights) or Vigo (1 knight).
If they use Salamanca (4 knights) to attack Porto, they march to Porto.
My stack from Porto to Salamanca (1 spear, 5 archer, 7 knight) marches to Salamanca.
On Turn 23, my stack arrives at Salamanca. The enemy army has left Salamanca, so it's empty. I occupy it.
The enemy army arrives at Porto. Porto has the newly built 1 knight (and maybe some other troops if I left any, but I sent all existing). So Porto has 1 knight. The enemy army (4 knights) fights the 1 knight, wins, occupies Porto.
So I lose Porto, gain Salamanca. Net 0 change in village count, but I lose the 1 knight in Porto.
Is this acceptable? Yes, because I also gain Vigo (from the other stack).
So I gain Salamanca and Vigo, lose Porto. Net +1.
And my troops in Salamanca and Vigo are large armies.
This is a good trade.

What if the enemy attacks Coimbra?
Coimbra has 12 troops. Enemy from Salamanca (4 knights) could attack Coimbra.
If they attack Coimbra, they march to Coimbra.
My Lisboa reinforcement (2 archer, 5 knight) marches to Coimbra.
On Turn 23, enemy arrives at Coimbra. Coimbra has 12 troops (I didn't send any from Coimbra).
Enemy 4 knights vs Coimbra 10 archer, 2 knight.
Combat: Enemy attack 16. Coimbra defense: 10*2 + 2*2 = 24. Location bonus? Coimbra is my village, so defense bonus.
Effective defense of Coimbra is 30 (from the report).
So enemy attack 16 vs my defense 30. Enemy loses.
"The LOSER is destroyed entirely". So the 4 knights are destroyed.
Coimbra loses half of 16 = 8 troops. I have 12, so I lose 8, leaving 4.
Then Lisboa reinforcement arrives, making it 4 + 7 = 11 troops.
This is a win for me.

What if the enemy attacks Badajoz?
Badajoz has 10 troops (8 archer, 2 knight) + marching out.
Enemy from Toledo (big army) or Sevilha (small) could attack.
If they attack, Badajoz has a strong defense (25).
My Santarem reinforcement arrives on Turn 23, adding 10 troops.
Badajoz should hold.

What if the enemy attacks Cordoba?
Cordoba has 12 troops. Enemy from Toledo or Murcia could attack.
Cordoba defense is 30. Should hold.

So my defenses seem solid.

Let's write down the exact orders.

Builds:
- villageId: 0, type: archer, quantity: 1
- villageId: 1, type: knight, quantity: 1
- villageId: 2, type: knight, quantity: 1
- villageId: 3, type: knight, quantity: 1
- villageId: 4, type: knight, quantity: 1
- villageId: 5, type: knight, quantity: 1
- villageId: 6, type: knight, quantity: 1
- villageId: 11, type: knight, quantity: 1

Movements:
- fromId: 0, toId: 3, troops: { archer: 2, knight: 5 }
- fromId: 1, toId: 4, troops: { archer: 5, knight: 5 }
- fromId: 6, toId: 7, troops: { spearman: 1, archer: 5, knight: 7 }
- fromId: 6, toId: 10, troops: { archer: 2, knight: 1 }
- fromId: 11, toId: 15, troops: { spearman: 2, archer: 3, knight: 1 }

Let's check if I have the troops in the villages to send.
- [0] Lisboa: 2 archer, 5 knight. Available: 2 archer, 5 knight. OK.
- [1] Santarem: 5 archer, 5 knight. Available: 5 archer, 5 knight. OK.
- [6] Porto: 1 spear, 7 archer, 7 knight.
  - Send to [7]: 1 spear, 5 archer, 7 knight.
  - Send to [10]: 2 archer, 1 knight.
  - Total: 1 spear, 7 archer, 7 knight. OK.
- [11] Cordoba: 4 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight.
  - Send to [15]: 2 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight.
  - Leave: 2 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight. OK.

Wait, I need to check if the sum of sends from Porto exceeds the available.
Available: 1 spear, 7 archer, 7 knight.
Send A: 1 spear, 5 archer, 7 knight.
Send B: 0 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight.
Total: 1 spear, 7 archer, 7 knight. Exactly matches. OK.

Let's check the attack power of Send A (Porto -> Salamanca):
Troops: 1 spear (atk 1), 5 archer (atk 10), 7 knight (atk 28). Total = 39.
Most numerous: knight (7). Enemy: 4 knights. Most numerous: knight.
Knight vs knight: no counter.
Enemy defense: 10.
39 vs 10. Win. Losses: half of 10 = 5.
My troops: 13. Lose 5. 8 survive.
Salamanca is captured. 8 troops stay as garrison.

Send B (Porto -> Vigo):
Troops: 2 archer (atk 4), 1 knight (atk 4). Total = 8.
Most numerous: archer (2) or knight (1). Archer.
Enemy: 1 knight. Most numerous: knight.
Archer vs knight: knight counters archer. Enemy has counter!
Enemy defense: 3 (effective). With counter: 3 * 1.5 = 4.5.
My attack: 8.
8 vs 4.5. Win. Losses: half of 4.5 = 2.25 -> 2.
My troops: 3. Lose 2. 1 survives.
Vigo is captured. 1 troop stays as garrison.
This is a very small garrison. But Vigo is a border village. If the enemy attacks it next turn, it might fall.
But I can reinforce it later.

Cordoba -> Murcia:
Troops: 2 spear (atk 2), 3 archer (atk 6), 1 knight (atk 4). Total = 12.
Most numerous: archer (3). Enemy: 2 archers. Most numerous: archer.
Archer vs archer: no counter.
Enemy defense: 5.
12 vs 5. Win. Losses: half of 5 = 2.5 -> 2.
My troops: 6. Lose 2. 4 survive.
Murcia captured. 4 troops garrison.

Badajoz -> Sevilha (already marching):
Troops: 4 spear (atk 4), 6 archer (atk 12), 2 knight (atk 8). Total = 24.
Most numerous: archer (6). Enemy: 1 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous: archer (2).
Archer vs archer: no counter.
Enemy defense: 10.
24 vs 10. Win. Losses: half of 10 = 5.
My troops: 12. Lose 5. 7 survive.
Sevilha captured. 7 troops garrison.

This is a massive expansion!
I start with 8 villages.
I capture Salamanca, Vigo, Murcia, Sevilha.
That's 4 new villages. Total 12.
Plus I have Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, Coimbra, Porto, Cordoba, Badajoz, Faro.
Wait, I lose Porto if the enemy attacks it. But I gain Salamanca.
So net +3 or +4 villages.
This puts me at 11 or 12 villages.
I need 18 to win. So I need 6 more.
But this is a great step.

Let's check the "plan" and "statement".
Plan: I need to write a campaign plan for the next several turns.
"Multi-pronged offensive. Reinforce Sevilha from Badajoz to hold southern front against expected attack. Send all troops from Toledo to take Cordoba (def 15), and from Salamanca to take Madrid (def 18). Reinforce Porto from Coimbra for attack on Vigo next turn. Build knights/archers everywhere to replenish. After taking Cordoba and Madrid, push towards Murcia, Burgos, Zaragoza to reach 18 villages."
This was my old plan. The map has changed. I need to update it.
New plan:
"Turn 22-25: Launch massive offensive on weak enemy villages. Send all troops from Porto to take Vigo and Salamanca. Send Cordoba troops to take Murcia. Badajoz army takes Sevilha. Reinforce Coimbra from Lisboa, Badajoz from Santarem. Build knights in all villages to replenish. After capturing these 4 villages, consolidate borders, build up garrisons, and push towards Toledo and Madrid next turns to reach 18 villages."

Statement: "2-4 lines telling the audience what you did THIS turn. It may have emotion."
"I ordered a multi-pronged assault on the enemy's weak southern and western fronts. Porto's army split to capture Vigo and Salamanca, while Cordoba's forces took Murcia and Badajoz's marching army seized Sevilha. I also reinforced my borders with troops from the rear and built knights across all my villages to prepare for the next wave of expansion."

Let's format the JSON.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 3, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 4, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 5, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 6, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 11, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 0, "toId": 3, "troops": {"archer": 2, "knight": 5}},
    {"fromId": 1, "toId": 4, "troops": {"archer": 5, "knight": 5}},
    {"fromId": 6, "toId": 7, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 5, "knight": 7}},
    {"fromId": 6, "toId": 10, "troops": {"archer": 2, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 11, "toId": 15, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 3, "knight": 1}}
  ],
  "plan": "Turn 22-25: Launch massive offensive on weak enemy villages. Send all troops from Porto to take Vigo and Salamanca. Send Cordoba troops to take Murcia. Badajoz army takes Sevilha. Reinforce Coimbra from Lisboa, Badajoz from Santarem. Build knights in all villages to replenish. After capturing these 4 villages, consolidate borders, build up garrisons, and push towards Toledo and Madrid next turns to reach 18 villages.",
  "statement": "I ordered a multi-pronged assault on the enemy's weak southern and western fronts. Porto's army split to capture Vigo and Salamanca, while Cordoba's forces took Murcia and Badajoz's marching army seized Sevilha. I also reinforced my borders with troops from the rear and built knights across all my villages to prepare for the next wave of expansion."
}

Let's double check the JSON format.
"build": [ {"villageId": <id>, "type": <"spearman" | "archer" | "knight">, "quantity": <n>} ]
"movements": [ {"fromId": <id>, "toId": <id>, "troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}} ]
"plan": "<string>"
"statement": "<string>"

Looks correct.

Let's check if I missed any village in builds.
I have 8 villages: 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 11.
I listed builds for all 8.
0: archer
1: knight
2: knight
3: knight
4: knight
5: knight
6: knight
11: knight
All good.

Let's check movements again.
fromId 0 to 3: Lisboa to Coimbra.
fromId 1 to 4: Santarem to Badajoz.
fromId 6 to 7: Porto to Salamanca.
fromId 6 to 10: Porto to Vigo.
fromId 11 to 15: Cordoba to Murcia.
All good.

Wait, is there any marching army from Badajoz to Sevilha?
"already marching out (NOT available): 4 spearmen, 6 archers, 2 knights" from [4] Badajoz to [9] Sevilha.
I don't need to order it again. It will happen automatically.

Let's check if I have enough resources for the builds.
Lisboa: wood 30, iron 20. Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Remaining: 10 wood, 10 iron.
Santarem: wood 30, iron 70. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: 0 wood, 40 iron.
Evora: wood 30, iron 50. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: 0 wood, 20 iron.
Coimbra: wood 30, iron 140. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: 0 wood, 110 iron.
Badajoz: wood 30, iron 70. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: 0 wood, 40 iron.
Faro: wood 30, iron 70. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: 0 wood, 40 iron.
Porto: wood 35, iron 140. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: 5 wood, 110 iron.
Cordoba: wood 30, iron 40. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: 0 wood, 10 iron.
All builds are affordable.

Let's check if the troops I am sending are available.
Lisboa: 2 archer, 5 knight. Send 2 archer, 5 knight. OK.
Santarem: 5 archer, 5 knight. Send 5 archer, 5 knight. OK.
Porto: 1 spear, 7 archer, 7 knight. Send 1 spear, 5 archer, 7 knight to [7] and 2 archer, 1 knight to [10]. Total: 1 spear, 7 archer, 7 knight. OK.
Cordoba: 4 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight. Send 2 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight to [15]. OK.

Everything seems perfectly aligned.
I will output the JSON.

ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"cavaleiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":0,"destinoId":3,"tropas":{"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":5}},{"origemId":1,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"arqueiro":5,"cavaleiro":5}},{"origemId":6,"destinoId":7,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":5,"cavaleiro":7}},{"origemId":6,"destinoId":10,"tropas":{"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":11,"destinoId":15,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":1}}]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [1]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [2]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [3]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [4]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [5]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [6]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [11]
ACEITO envio [0]->[3]: 2A+5K
ACEITO envio [1]->[4]: 5A+5K
ACEITO envio [6]->[7]: 1S+5A+7K
ACEITO envio [6]->[10]: 2A
ACEITO envio [11]->[15]: 2S+3A+1K
AJUSTADO envio [6]->[10]: pediu 2A+1K, enviado 2A (estoque real)
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Turn 22-25: Launch massive offensive on weak enemy villages. Send all troops from Porto to take Vigo and Salamanca. Send Cordoba troops to take Murcia. Badajoz army takes Sevilha. Reinforce Coimbra from Lisboa, Badajoz from Santarem. Build knights in all villages to replenish. After capturing these 4 villages, consolidate borders, build up garrisons, and push towards Toledo and Madrid next turns to reach 18 villages.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): I ordered a multi-pronged assault on the enemy's weak southern and western fronts. Porto's army split to capture Vigo and Salamanca, while Cordoba's forces took Murcia and Badajoz's marching army seized Sevilha. I also reinforced my borders with troops from the rear and built knights across all my villages to prepare for the next wave of expansion.
########## TURNO 22 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4795 | resposta 34762 | raciocinio 27287 | finish stop | ms 345374
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 15, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 14, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 12, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 10, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 8, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 7, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 9, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 8, \"toId\": 11, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 3, \"archer\": 7, \"knight\": 5}},\n    {\"fromId\": 8, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 7, \"knight\": 4}},\n    {\"fromId\": 12, \"toId\": 7, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 7, \"knight\": 9}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Split Toledo: 3s/7a/5k to Cordoba (attack 37 vs def 30) and 7a/4k to Badajoz (attack 30 vs def 25), both arrive turn 23. Madrid's 7a/9k reinforces Salamanca (arrives turn 23, total 7a/13k = 66 attack with knight counter vs Porto's 38 def). Next turn: send Salamanca to Porto for the 18th village by end of turn 24. Build knights and archers everywhere to replenish. Expect Sevilha to fall to the enemy army; retake it later from Cordoba. Hold 18 villages through turn 25 to win.\",\n  \"statement\": \"I'm splitting Toledo's elite force into two deadly prongs to conquer Cordoba and Badajoz simultaneously next turn. Madrid's army races to Salamanca to set up the third conquest against Porto. Sevilha may fall to the enemy, but I'll retake it from Cordoba. The path to 18 villages is set — the crown will be mine!\"\n}"
raciocinio: Let me analyze the situation carefully.

I'm King B. I need to hold at least 18 of 24 villages for 2 consecutive turns, OR eliminate every enemy village.

I currently hold 16 villages. I need 18.

Let me look at what happened last turn and current state.

Wait, the "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" section is confusing - it lists many actions. Let me re-read. It says "King A attacked [11] Cordoba: VICTORY, conquered" - but then "You attacked [11] Cordoba: DEFEAT". Hmm, but [11] Cordoba is listed as ENEMY in the current state. So the conquest by King A of Cordoba... wait, that doesn't make sense either. Let me just take the current state as truth.

Current state: I hold 16 villages (Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Castellon, Zaragoza, Huesca, Valencia, Teruel, Madrid, Murcia, Pamplona, Burgos, Salamanca, Toledo, Vigo, Sevilha).

Enemy villages I can see: Cordoba (11), Badajoz (4), Porto (6), Coimbra (3), Faro (5). Plus unexplored: Santarem (1), Lisboa (0), Evora (2).

So enemy has: 11, 4, 6, 3, 5, 0, 1, 2 = 8 villages. Total 24. I have 16. 16+8 = 24. ✓

To win by holding 18: I need to conquer 2 more enemy villages and hold them for 2 consecutive turns.

To win by eliminating all enemy villages: conquer all 8.

Let me think about which enemy villages are easiest to attack.

Enemy villages and their defenses:
- [11] Cordoba: 4 spearmen, 6 archers, 2 knights, defense 30. March from [8] Toledo: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn.
- [4] Badajoz: 8 archers, 2 knights, defense 25. March from [8] Toledo: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn. Also from [7] Salamanca.
- [6] Porto: 1 spearman, 7 archers, 7 knights, defense 38. March from [7] Salamanca: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn.
- [3] Coimbra: 10 archers, 2 knights, defense 30. March from [7] Salamanca: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns.
- [5] Faro: 4 spearmen, 3 archers, 4 knights, defense 28. March from [9] Sevilha: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns.

My available troops:
- [8] Toledo: 3 spearman, 14 archer, 9 knight (attack 67). Defense 65. This is my strongest.
- [12] Madrid: 0 spearman, 7 archer, 9 knight (attack 50). Defense 40.
- [17] Zaragoza: 0 spearman, 8 archer, 7 knight (attack 44). Defense 38.
- [23] Girona: 10 spearman, 3 archer, 5 knight (attack 36). Defense 45.
- [22] Barcelona: 6 spearman, 7 archer, 3 knight (attack 32). Defense 48.
- [13] Teruel: 1 spearman, 2 archer, 4 knight (attack 21). Defense 18.
- [7] Salamanca: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 4 knight (attack 16). Defense 10.
- [19] Pamplona: 0 spearman, 3 archer, 0 knight (attack 6). Defense 8.
- [14] Burgos: 0 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight (attack 10). Defense 10.
- [9] Sevilha: 1 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight (attack 9). Defense 10.
- [15] Murcia: 0 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight (attack 4). Defense 5.
- [10] Vigo: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight (attack 4). Defense 3.
- [21] Tarragona: 0 spearman, 9 archer, 0 knight (attack 18). Defense 23.
- [20] Huesca: 0 spearman, 7 archer, 0 knight (attack 14). Defense 18.
- [18] Castellon: 0 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight (attack 12). Defense 10.
- [16] Valencia: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight (attack 2). Defense 3.

Now, let me think about the combat. When attacking a village, my troops count their ATTACK, defender counts DEFENSE (with location bonus already included in the effective defense shown). Counter triangle bonus: if my most numerous type counters their most numerous type, multiply by 1.5.

Let me compute attack power for Toledo's full army: 3 spearman (attack 1 each = 3) + 14 archer (attack 2 each = 28) + 9 knight (attack 4 each = 36) = 67. Most numerous: archer (14). 

Against Cordoba: defender has 4 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knights. Most numerous: archer (6). My most numerous is archer (14). Archer vs archer - no counter. So my attack = 67, their defense = 30. I win easily.

Wait, but the counter triangle: spearman counters knight, archer counters spearman, knight counters archer. My most numerous = archer. Their most numerous = archer. No counter bonus.

Actually wait, let me re-read: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."

So for my army: archer 14 is most numerous. For enemy: archer 6 is most numerous. Matchup: archer vs archer. No counter bonus.

Effective attack = 67. Defense = 30. I win.

Against Badajoz: 8 archers, 2 knights. Most numerous: archer. My most numerous: archer. No counter. Attack 67 vs defense 25. Win.

Against Porto: 1 spearman, 7 archer, 7 knight. Most numerous: tie between archer and knight, breaks in order spearman, archer, knight → archer. My most numerous: archer. No counter. Attack 67 vs defense 38. Win.

Hmm, but wait. I need to be careful. Let me re-read the combat rules more carefully.

"When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs."
"Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counts knight; archer counts spearman; knight counts archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
"The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup"

So the counter is determined by the most numerous type of each army. If my most numerous type counters their most numerous type, my attack force is multiplied by 1.5.

OK so let me think about strategy. I need 2 more villages held for 2 consecutive turns. Or eliminate all enemies.

Actually, let me think about which is easier. The nearest targets from my strongholds:

From Toledo [8] (attack 67):
- Cordoba [11]: 1 turn away, defense 30
- Badajoz [4]: 1 turn away, defense 25

From Salamanca [7] (attack 16, 4 knights):
- Porto [6]: 1 turn away, defense 38 - 16 vs 38, I lose
- Coimbra [3]: 2 turns away, defense 30 - 16 vs 30, I lose
- Badajoz [4]: 1 turn away, defense 25 - 16 vs 25, I lose

So Salamanca's troops alone can't take anything. I need to send reinforcements.

Let me think about a coordinated attack. I'll send Toledo's full army to take Cordoba (or Badajoz). And send Madrid's army somewhere.

Actually, the key insight: I need to conquer and HOLD villages for 2 consecutive turns. So if I conquer a village this turn, I need to hold it next turn too (i.e., it must still be mine next turn, and I need to have 18 total for 2 consecutive turns).

Wait, "hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns". So I need to have 18 villages at the end of turn N and at the end of turn N+1.

Currently I have 16. If I conquer 2 this turn and hold them next turn, I win at the end of next turn.

But the enemy will try to retake them. So I need to make sure the conquered villages are defensible.

Let me think about which 2 to target. Cordoba and Badajoz are both 1 turn from Toledo. But I can only send one army from Toledo at a time... well, actually I can send from multiple villages.

Let me plan:
1. Toledo [8] full army (3s, 14a, 9k, attack 67) → Cordoba [11]. Defense 30. Easy win.
2. Madrid [12] full army (7a, 9k, attack 50) → Badajoz [4]. Wait, Madrid to Badajoz: road network shows Madrid [12] connects to [7], [8], [14], [17]. So Madrid → Toledo → Badajoz? No, armies march along roads and stop at the first non-friendly village. Madrid to Badajoz would go through Toledo (which is mine) so it would continue... Actually, "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So Madrid → Toledo (mine, pass through) → Badajoz (enemy, stop and fight). Travel time: Madrid to Toledo is 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast, Toledo to Badajoz is 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So total 2 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns? Hmm, but the report says "march from [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Badajoz. And Madrid to Toledo is 1/1/1. So Madrid to Badajoz would be 2/2/2 turns.

That's slow. Let me check if Madrid can reach Badajoz via another route. Madrid [12] → [7] Salamanca → [4] Badajoz. Salamanca to Badajoz: the road network shows [7] Salamanca connects to [3], [4], [6], [12]. So yes, [7]→[4] is a road. Madrid to Salamanca is 1/1/1, Salamanca to Badajoz is... unknown distance but probably 1/1/1 too. So 2/2/2 turns either way.

Hmm, that means Madrid's army arrives at Badajoz in 2 turns, not 1. And Toledo's army arrives at Cordoba in 1 turn.

Actually wait - let me reconsider. Maybe I should send Toledo's army to Badajoz (1 turn) and something else to Cordoba.

Cordoba [11] is connected to [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia. So from Sevilha [9], Cordoba is... the report says "march from [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Cordoba. From Sevilha, it would also be some distance. Sevilha [9] connects to [4], [5], [11]. So Sevilha → Cordoba is a direct road. Distance unknown, but probably 1/1/1 or 2/1/1.

Hmm, but Sevilha only has 1s, 2a, 1k (attack 9). Not enough.

Let me think differently. What if I send Toledo's army to Badajoz (1 turn, defense 25, easy win) and Madrid's army to Cordoba? Madrid → Toledo → Cordoba: 2 turns. Hmm.

Or: Send Toledo to Cordoba (1 turn) and also send Madrid to Badajoz via Salamanca (2 turns). Then I'd hold Cordoba from turn 23 and Badajoz from turn 24. That doesn't give me 18 for 2 consecutive turns until end of turn 24.

Alternatively, I could send Toledo's army to Badajoz (1 turn) and Zaragoza's army to Cordoba? Zaragoza [17] → Madrid [12] → Toledo [8] → Cordoba [11]. That's 3 turns. Too slow.

Hmm. Let me reconsider. What about attacking two targets that are both 1 turn away?

From Toledo [8]: Cordoba (1 turn), Badajoz (1 turn). But I can only send one army from Toledo.

Unless... I split Toledo's army? No, "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up". But I could send part from Toledo and part from another village to the same target. But they fight separately.

Actually, let me reconsider. Can I send Toledo's army to Badajoz and Madrid's army to Cordoba? Madrid → Toledo → Cordoba = 2 turns. Badajoz conquered turn 23, Cordoba turn 24. Then at end of turn 24 I have 18. At end of turn 25 I need to still have 18. That's risky.

What if I send Toledo to Cordoba (1 turn, conquered end of turn 23) and Madrid to Badajoz (2 turns, conquered end of turn 24)? Then at end of turn 24 I have 18. Need turn 25 too.

Hmm, this is getting complex. Let me think about whether I can conquer 2 villages in 1 turn.

Actually, what about sending Toledo's army to Cordoba AND having Salamanca attack Badajoz? Salamanca [7] → Badajoz [4]: the road network shows [7] connects to [4]. Distance: probably 1/1/1. Salamanca has 4 knights (attack 16). Badajoz defense 25. 16 < 25, I lose.

What if I reinforce Salamanca first? I can send troops from Madrid to Salamanca (1 turn), but then they'd arrive at Salamanca next turn and couldn't attack until the turn after.

Hmm, let me reconsider the whole approach. Maybe I should focus on building up troops and attacking over multiple turns.

Actually, wait. Let me reconsider. The enemy also has armies on the march. "enemy army marching toward [9] Sevilha, arrives in 1 turn". So next turn, an enemy army will attack Sevilha. I need to defend Sevilha or it will fall.

Sevilha defense is 10 with 1s, 2a, 1k. That's weak. If the enemy army arrives and attacks, I'll likely lose Sevilha.

Hmm, but I can't reinforce Sevilha in time from anywhere meaningful. Actually, I could send troops from Cordoba... no, Cordoba is enemy.

Let me think about what the enemy army marching toward Sevilha looks like. I don't know its composition. But it's arriving in 1 turn.

OK here's another thought. Let me reconsider the "what happened last turn" section. It says:
- "You attacked [7] Salamanca: VICTORY, conquered" - so I now own Salamanca
- "You attacked [9] Sevilha: VICTORY, conquered" - so I now own Sevilha
- "You attacked [8] Toledo: VICTORY, conquered" - so I now own Toledo
- "King A attacked [11] Cordoba: VICTORY, conquered" - hmm, but Cordoba is listed as enemy...

Wait, this is confusing. The "what happened last turn" might be from a previous turn's snapshot. Let me just trust the current state: I own 16 villages including Salamanca, Sevilha, Toledo. Enemy owns Cordoba, Badajoz, Porto, Coimbra, Faro, plus unexplored Lisboa, Santarem, Evora.

OK so my plan: I need to conquer 2 enemy villages and hold them.

Let me think about the most efficient approach. Toledo is my strongest fortress (defense 65, attack 67). It's 1 turn from both Cordoba and Badajoz.

Plan A: Send Toledo's full army to Cordoba (1 turn). Send Madrid's full army to Badajoz via Toledo (2 turns). Also, build more troops.

But wait - if I send Toledo's army away, Toledo's defense drops to 0 (or whatever troops remain). Actually, I'm sending ALL available troops from Toledo. Toledo would have 0 troops left but still be my village. If the enemy attacks it, it falls easily.

Hmm, but the enemy doesn't seem to be attacking Toledo currently.

Let me think about a more sustainable approach. What if I send part of Toledo's army?

Actually, let me reconsider. The key question: can I conquer 2 villages this turn (arriving next turn)?

No - I can only send armies, and they take at least 1 turn to arrive. So the earliest I can have 18 villages is end of turn 23 (if I send armies now that arrive in 1 turn).

To have 18 for 2 consecutive turns, I need 18 at end of turn 23 AND end of turn 24.

So I need to conquer at least 2 villages that arrive by end of turn 23, and hold them through turn 24.

Can I conquer 2 villages in 1 turn? I need 2 armies, each arriving in 1 turn, attacking 2 different enemy villages.

1-turn marches: 
- Toledo → Cordoba (1/1/1)
- Toledo → Badajoz (1/1/1)
- Salamanca → Porto (1/1/1)
- Salamanca → Badajoz (probably 1/1/1)
- Madrid → Toledo (1/1/1) - but Toledo is mine
- Sevilha → Cordoba (probably 1/1/1 or 2/1/1)
- Murcia → Cordoba (probably 1/1/1 or 2/1/1)

Hmm, from the road network:
- [8] Toledo connects to [4], [11], [12], [13]. So Toledo→Cordoba and Toledo→Badajoz are both direct.
- [7] Salamanca connects to [3], [4], [6], [12]. So Salamanca→Porto and Salamanca→Badajca and Salamanca→Coimbra are direct.
- [9] Sevilha connects to [4], [5], [11]. So Sevilha→Cordoba is direct.
- [15] Murcia connects to [11], [16]. So Murcia→Cordoba is direct.

So I have multiple villages that can reach Cordoba or Badajoz in 1 turn: Toledo, Sevilha, Murcia for Cordoba; Toledo, Salamanca, Sevilha for Badajoz.

But my armies from different villages fight separately. So to take Cordoba, I need one army from one village to beat defense 30. Toledo's 67 can do it. Sevilha's 9 can't. Murcia's 4 can't.

To take Badajoz (defense 25): Toledo's 67 can. Salamanca's 16 can't. Sevilha's 9 can't.

To take Porto (defense 38): Salamanca's 16 can't. Vigo's 4 can't.

So the only army that can take any enemy village in 1 turn is Toledo's. And it can only attack one village.

Unless I combine forces by sending reinforcements to a staging area first. E.g., send Madrid's army to Toledo this turn, then next turn Toledo has Madrid+Toledo troops and attacks. But that means the attack happens in 2 turns.

Hmm, so it seems like I can only conquer 1 village next turn (with Toledo's army), and then a second one the turn after.

That means: end of turn 23: 17 villages. End of turn 24: 18 villages (if I conquer a second one). End of turn 25: need to still have 18. So I'd win at end of turn 25 at the earliest.

Alternatively, if I can conquer 2 villages by end of turn 23... Let me think again. What if I send Toledo's army to Cordoba AND Salamanca's army (reinforced by Vigo and/or Burgos) to Badajoz?

Wait, can I send troops from Vigo to Salamanca? Vigo [10] connects to [6] Porto (enemy) and [14] Burgos. So Vigo → Burgos → Madrid → Salamanca. That's 3 turns. Too slow.

Burgos [14] connects to [10], [12], [19]. Burgos → Madrid → Salamanca: 2 turns. Too slow.

What about sending Madrid's army to Salamanca (1 turn), and then Salamanca attacks Badajoz next turn? But Madrid's army arrives at Salamanca at end of turn 23, and Salamanca can't attack until turn 24. And on turn 24, Salamanca would have 4 knights + 7 archers + 9 knights = 16... wait, Madrid has 7 archers and 9 knights. Salamanca has 4 knights. Total at Salamanca on turn 24: 7 archers + 13 knights. Attack = 7*2 + 13*4 = 14 + 52 = 66. Against Badajoz defense 25, that's a win!

But this means Badajoz is conquered at end of turn 24 (arriving turn 24, fighting at end of turn 24... hmm, actually when do battles happen?).

Let me re-read: "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now."

So on turn 22, I write orders. The armies march and battles happen, and at the end of the turn, results are in. So if I order Toledo → Cordoba (1 turn march), the battle happens during turn 23 and the result is known at end of turn 23.

Wait, actually "march from [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" - this means it takes 1 turn of each speed. A mixed army marches at the speed of its slowest. Toledo's army has spearman (slow), archer (medium), knight (fast). So it marches at slow speed = 1 slow turn. So it arrives in 1 turn.

Hmm wait, "1 slow / 1 medium / 2 fast turns" means: if you send only slow troops, it takes 1 turn; only medium, 1 turn; only fast, 2 turns? That doesn't make sense. Let me re-read.

"from here to your nearest border village [15] Murcia: 3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns"

I think this means: the distance is such that slow troops take 3 turns, medium take 2, fast take 2. So it's a distance measure. For Toledo to Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns - meaning all speeds take 1 turn. So the distance is 1 unit.

OK so Toledo → Cordoba takes 1 turn regardless of army composition.

So my timeline:
- Turn 22 (now): I order Toledo → Cordoba. 
- Turn 23: Army arrives at Cordoba, battle happens. If win, I own Cordoba. I now have 17 villages.
- Turn 24: I need another conquest. If I ordered Madrid → Salamanca on turn 22, they arrive turn 23. Then on turn 23 I order Salamanca (now reinforced) → Badajoz. They arrive turn 24, battle happens. If win, I own Badajoz. 18 villages.
- Turn 25: Need to still have 18. 

So I'd win at end of turn 25 if I hold 18 through turn 25.

But wait, can I speed this up? What if on turn 22 I send Toledo → Cordoba AND also set up for a second attack?

Actually, let me reconsider. What if I send Toledo's army to Badajoz (1 turn, defense 25, easy win) and Madrid's army to Cordoba? Madrid → Toledo → Cordoba: Madrid to Toledo is 1 turn, Toledo to Cordoba is 1 turn. But wait, Madrid's army marching to Cordoba would pass through Toledo (mine) and continue to Cordoba. Total travel: 2 turns. So it arrives end of turn 24.

Hmm, same problem.

What about Madrid → Salamanca → Badajoz? Also 2 turns.

Is there any way to get 2 armies to 2 different enemy villages in 1 turn? Only if I have 2 villages each with enough troops to take an enemy village, each 1 turn away.

Toledo can take Cordoba or Badajoz. Is there another village with enough troops 1 turn from another enemy village?

Salamanca (16 attack) 1 turn from Porto (38 defense) - no.
Salamanca (16 attack) 1 turn from Badajoz (25 defense) - no.
Sevilha (9 attack) 1 turn from Cordoba (30) or Badajoz (25) or Faro (28) - no.
Murcia (4 attack) 1 turn from Cordoba (30) - no.

So no, only Toledo can take an enemy village in 1 turn.

What if I send reinforcements to Toledo first? Like, send Madrid's army to Toledo (1 turn), then next turn Toledo has 67+50=117 attack and can... but it still can only attack one village per turn.

Hmm, unless I split: send part of Toledo's army to Cordoba and part to Badajoz. But then each part might not be strong enough.

Toledo has 3s, 14a, 9k. If I split: send 3s, 7a, 4k to Cordoba (attack = 3 + 14 + 16 = 33) and 7a, 5k to Badajoz (attack = 14 + 20 = 34). Cordoba defense 30: 33 > 30, win (barely). Badajoz defense 25: 34 > 25, win.

But wait, "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This is about different villages sending to the same target. But splitting from the same village into two groups going to two different targets - that should be fine, right? Each group is a separate army.

Hmm, but is it allowed to split one village's troops into two armies? The rules say "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" lists troops. I think I can send any subset.

But wait, there's a problem. If I send Toledo's troops to two different targets, neither group gets the counter bonus from the full army. Let me check:

Group 1 (to Cordoba): 3 spearman, 7 archer, 4 knight. Most numerous: archer (7). Enemy Cordoba: 4s, 6a, 2k. Most numerous: archer (6). No counter. Attack = 3*1 + 7*2 + 4*4 = 3 + 14 + 16 = 33. Defense = 30. 33 > 30, win. But "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." Losses would be significant.

Group 2 (to Badajoz): 7 archer, 5 knight. Most numerous: archer (7). Enemy Badajoz: 8 archer, 2 knight. Most numerous: archer (8). No counter. Attack = 7*2 + 5*4 = 14 + 20 = 34. Defense = 25. 34 > 25, win.

So both would win! And I'd have 18 villages at end of turn 23!

But wait, I need to hold them for 2 consecutive turns. At end of turn 23 I have 18. At end of turn 24 I need to still have 18. The enemy will try to retake Cordoba or Badajoz. Cordoba has 30 defense but my garrison there would be whatever survived. Actually, when I conquer a village, do the surviving troops become the garrison? I think so.

Hmm, but there's another issue. If I send ALL of Toledo's troops away, Toledo itself has 0 troops and defense 0 (well, the effective defense was 65 with troops, but without troops it's just the location bonus). Actually, the effective defense includes location bonus. Let me re-read: "effective defense (location bonus included): 65". So the location bonus is already in the 65. The 26 troops contribute to this. Without troops, the defense would be much lower.

Actually, I'm not sure how defense works without troops. Let me think... "Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital)." So the base defense of troops is multiplied by 1.25 in a village. The effective defense of 65 for Toledo with 26 troops (3s, 14a, 9k): base defense = 3*2 + 14*2 + 9*2 = 6 + 28 + 18 = 52. With 1.25 bonus: 52 * 1.25 = 65. Yes! That matches.

So without troops, defense is 0 (times 1.25 = 0). That means Toledo would be vulnerable. But is the enemy attacking Toledo? The enemy is King A, whose villages are in the west (Porto, Coimbra, Badajoz, Cordoba, Faro, Lisboa). Toledo is deep in my territory. The enemy would have to march a long way to reach Toledo.

Let me check: the enemy army is marching toward Sevilha (arrives in 1 turn). So the enemy is attacking Sevilha, not Toledo.

OK, so the risk is: if I empty Toledo, and the enemy somehow reaches it... but that's unlikely in 1 turn.

But there's a bigger concern: after I conquer Cordoba and Badajoz, they become my border villages. The enemy will try to retake them. On turn 23, I own them. On turn 24, the enemy might attack them. I need to have enough defense.

After conquering Cordoba with group 1 (33 attack vs 30 defense), my losses: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." The loser's effective force is 30. My force is 33. Attrition... I'm not sure exactly how much, but probably around 30 * (30/33) ≈ 27 troops lost? That seems like a lot. Actually, let me re-read: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." I think the losses are proportional. Maybe I lose about 30/33 * something. This is unclear.

Actually, let me reconsider. Maybe I shouldn't split Toledo's army. Let me think about a more conservative approach.

Alternative plan: Send Toledo's full army to Cordoba (1 turn, overwhelming victory). Send Madrid's army to Salamanca (1 turn, reinforcement). Then on turn 23, send Salamanca's reinforced army + maybe part of Toledo's... no, Toledo's army is at Cordoba.

Hmm, let me think about this differently. What's the safest way to get 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns?

Option 1: Split Toledo's army, attack Cordoba and Badajoz simultaneously. Both arrive turn 23. I have 18 at end of turn 23. Then I need to defend both on turn 24.

Option 2: Send Toledo to Cordoba (turn 23, 17 villages). Then on turn 23, send a big army from somewhere to Badajoz (arrives turn 24, 18 villages). Then defend on turn 25. Win at end of turn 25.

Option 3: Send Toledo to Badajoz (turn 23, 17 villages). Then set up for Cordoba.

I think Option 1 is fastest but riskiest. Let me evaluate the risks.

Actually, wait. Let me reconsider the attrition. If I send 3s, 7a, 4k (33 attack) against Cordoba (30 defense), and I win, how many troops survive? The rule says "attrition against the loser's effective force." I think this means I lose troops equal to some fraction of the loser's force. If it's roughly 1:1, I'd lose ~30 troops worth, but I only have 14 total... That can't be right.

Let me re-read: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." Maybe it means the winner loses troops proportional to the loser's force relative to the winner's force. Like, losses = loser_force * (loser_force / winner_force)? That would be 30 * 30/33 ≈ 27. But I only have 14 troops. That would wipe out my entire army.

Hmm, that seems too harsh. Maybe the attrition is just a few troops. The report mentions "your losses: 2 troops (effective force 42 vs 25, no location bonus in the open)" for a road battle. So 42 vs 25, losses were 2. And "your losses: 1 troop" for another battle.

So losses are relatively small. Maybe it's something like: losses = ceil(loser_force / winner_force) or similar. 25/42 ≈ 0.6, ceil = 1? But losses were 2. Hmm.

Or maybe losses = round(loser_force * some_constant). For 42 vs 25, losses 2. For the Cordoba battle... hard to say.

Let me look at other data points from "what happened last turn":
- "You attacked [11] Cordoba: DEFEAT (your army was lost)" - full loss
- "You attacked [9] Sevilha: DEFEAT (your army was lost)" - full loss
- "You attacked [7] Salamanca: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 1 troop)"
- "You attacked [9] Sevilha: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 2 troops)"
- "You attacked [8] Toledo: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 1 troop)"

These are from the previous turn's actions. Hard to derive exact formula.

OK, I think losses are manageable. Let me go with Option 1: split Toledo's army.

Actually wait, let me reconsider. Let me re-examine whether splitting is even a good idea. If I send 3s, 7a, 4k to Cordoba (attack 33 vs defense 30), the margin is thin. If the enemy gets any reinforcement or if my calculation is off, I could lose.

Also, I need to consider: what happens to the troops I send? They march for 1 turn, arrive, fight, and the survivors become the garrison. If I lose most of them in the battle, Cordoba will have very few troops and could be retaken easily next turn.

Let me think about a different approach. What if I focus on building up my economy and troops over several turns, then make a decisive push?

Actually, let me reconsider the win condition. "hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village."

I currently hold 16. The enemy holds 8 (including capital). If I conquer 2 and hold them for 2 turns, I win. That's the fastest path.

Let me think about which 2 enemy villages are weakest and most defensible after conquest.

Cordoba: defense 30, garrison 4s, 6a, 2k. After conquest, my surviving troops become the garrison. If I send 3s, 7a, 4k and win with, say, 8 troops surviving, the new garrison is ~8 troops. Defense would be maybe 8*2*1.25 = 20ish. That's decent but not great.

Badajoz: defense 25, garrison 8a, 2k. After conquest with 7a, 5k (attack 34), survivors maybe ~10 troops. Defense ~10*2*1.25 = 25. Decent.

Hmm, but the enemy can attack back. On turn 24, the enemy might send armies to retake Cordoba or Badajoz. If they retake one, I drop back to 17 and need to start over.

This is risky. Let me think about whether there's a more robust plan.

What if instead of splitting, I send Toledo's full army to Cordoba (overwhelming force, minimal losses, strong garrison), and then on turn 23 I send a combined army to Badajoz?

Turn 22: Toledo → Cordoba (3s, 14a, 9k, attack 67 vs 30). Win with minimal losses. Cordoba has ~24 troops as garrison. I have 17 villages.

Also turn 22: Madrid → Salamanca (7a, 9k). They arrive turn 23.

Turn 23: Salamanca now has 4k + 7a + 9k = 7a, 13k. Attack = 14 + 52 = 66. Send Salamanca → Badajoz (1 turn). Attack 66 vs defense 25. Win easily. Badajoz conquered turn 24. 18 villages.

Turn 24: I have 18 villages. Need to hold through turn 25.

Turn 25: If I still have 18, I win.

But this means I need to defend Badajoz and Cordoba on turns 24 and 25. Cordoba has ~24 troops (strong). Badajoz has ~15 surviving troops (decent). The enemy would need to mount attacks against both.

Meanwhile, the enemy is also attacking Sevilha this turn (enemy army marching toward Sevilha, arrives in 1 turn). If Sevilha falls, I drop to 16 or fewer. That's a problem!

Wait, the enemy army is marching toward Sevilha and arrives in 1 turn (i.e., at end of turn 23). So on turn 23, the enemy attacks Sevilha. Sevilha has 1s, 2a, 1k (attack defense 10). If the enemy army is strong enough, Sevilha falls. Then I have 16 villages (if Cordoba was conquered) or 15 (if not).

Hmm, this is a critical issue. I need to defend Sevilha or accept it will fall.

Can I reinforce Sevilha? Sevilha [9] connects to [4] Badajoz (enemy), [5] Faro (enemy), [11] Cordoba (enemy). So Sevilha is surrounded by enemy villages! The only way to reach Sevilha is through enemy territory. From Cordoba (if I conquer it), I could send troops to Sevilha. But Cordoba is conquered at end of turn 23, and the enemy attacks Sevilha also at end of turn 23. So I can't reinforce Sevilha in time.

Wait, actually, the enemy army is already on the march toward Sevilha and arrives in 1 turn. So it will attack Sevilha at end of turn 23. I can't reinforce Sevilha before that attack happens (any reinforcements would take at least 1 turn).

Unless... I send troops from somewhere to Sevilha right now. But Sevilha is only reachable through enemy villages. From [9] Sevilha's connections: [4], [5], [11] - all enemy. So I can't reach Sevilha without going through enemy territory, which means my army would stop and fight at the first enemy village.

Hmm, so Sevilha is likely going to fall. Unless the enemy army marching there is weak.

I don't know the enemy army's composition. It's "marching toward [9] Sevilha, arrives in 1 turn."

If Sevilha falls, I have 15 villages (currently 16, minus Sevilha = 15). Then I need to conquer 3 more to reach 18. That makes things harder.

Wait, but maybe I should try to defend Sevilha by sending troops there. But I can't reach it in time...

Actually, wait. Let me re-read the movement rules: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination."

So if I send troops from, say, Toledo to Sevilha, they'd go Toledo → Cordoba (enemy) and stop there. They wouldn't reach Sevilha.

What about from Murcia? Murcia → Cordoba (enemy), stop. Can't reach Sevilha.

So there's no way to reinforce Sevilha without first taking Cordoba. And taking Cordoba takes 1 turn, by which time the enemy has already attacked Sevilha.

So Sevilha will likely fall. Let me plan accordingly.

If Sevilha falls, I have 15 villages. I need 18, so I need to conquer 3 enemy villages.

Enemy villages: Cordoba, Badajoz, Porto, Coimbra, Faro, Lisboa, Santarem, Evora. If Sevilha falls, the enemy has 9 villages (they gain Sevilha). Wait no - if Sevilha falls, does the enemy own it? The enemy army conquering Sevilha would make it King A's village. So enemy has 9, I have 15. Total 24. ✓

To get to 18, I need to conquer 3 from the enemy.

Hmm, this is getting complicated. Let me reconsider.

Actually, maybe the enemy army marching toward Sevilha isn't strong enough to take it. Sevilha has defense 10 (effective). If the enemy army is, say, 5 spearmen, 8 archers, 1 knight (like the one I destroyed on the road last turn), its attack would be 5*1 + 8*2 + 1*4 = 5 + 16 + 4 = 25. That's > 10, so it would win. But the counter might matter. Enemy most numerous: archer (8). Sevilha defenders: 1s, 2a, 1k. Most numerous: archer (2). No counter. Enemy attack 25 vs defense 10. Enemy wins easily.

So Sevilha probably falls. Let me plan for that.

OK new plan: accept Sevilha falling, focus on conquering 3 enemy villages quickly.

But wait, if I conquer Cordoba and Badajoz (2 villages) and Sevilha falls, I have 15 + 2 - 1 = 16. Still not 18. I need to conquer 3 enemy villages net, or 3 enemy villages if Sevilha falls.

Hmm, this is getting really complicated. Let me reconsider whether there's a way to save Sevilha.

Actually, hmm, wait. What if I send troops to Cordoba now, they arrive and fight at end of turn 23. The enemy army also arrives at Sevilha at end of turn 23. These are simultaneous. So at end of turn 23, Cordoba is mine (if I win) and Sevilha is enemy's (if they win). Net: I gain 1, lose 1 = still 16.

Then I need to conquer 2 more. Badajoz and something else.

Alternatively, what if the enemy army marching toward Sevilha is actually heading somewhere else and will pass through? No, it says "marching toward [9] Sevilha, arrives in 1 turn." So it arrives at Sevilha next turn.

OK let me think about this more carefully. What if I try to conquer Cordoba AND Badajoz in one turn (split Toledo's army), and also try to save Sevilha somehow?

I can't save Sevilha. So let me focus on conquering.

Plan:
1. Split Toledo: send 3s, 7a, 4k → Cordoba (attack 33 vs 30, win). Send 7a, 5k → Badajoz (attack 34 vs 25, win).
2. Both arrive turn 23. I gain 2 villages (Cordoba, Badajoz).
3. Sevilha falls (enemy gains 1). Net: 16 + 2 - 1 = 17 at end of turn 23.
4. Need 18. Conquer one more: Porto, Coimbra, or Faro.

For turn 23, I need to set up another attack. Send Madrid → Salamanca (7a, 9k) on turn 22, arriving turn 23. Then on turn 23, Salamanca has 4k + 7a + 9k = 7a, 13k (attack 66). Send Salamanca → Porto (1 turn, defense 38). Win easily. Porto conquered end of turn 24. 18 villages.

Then hold through turn 25. Win at end of turn 25.

But wait, this is a lot of moving parts. Let me check if there are enough resources to build troops too.

Actually, let me reconsider. Maybe I should just focus on the most reliable plan and not overthink.

Let me reconsider: is splitting Toledo's army really a good idea? The margins are thin (33 vs 30 and 34 vs 25). If either battle goes wrong, I lose everything.

Let me check the counter more carefully for the Cordoba attack:
- My group: 3 spearman, 7 archer, 4 knight. Most numerous: archer (7).
- Enemy Cordoba: 4 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knights. Most numerous: archer (6).
- Counter: archer vs archer = no counter. Attack = 33.

For Badajoz:
- My group: 7 archer, 5 knight. Most numerous: archer (7).
- Enemy Badajoz: 8 archer, 2 knights. Most numerous: archer (8).
- Counter: none. Attack = 34.

Both are narrow victories. And after winning, I'll have taken losses, leaving weak garrisons.

Let me try a different split: send more to one target.

What if I send 3s, 8a, 5k to Cordoba (attack = 3 + 16 + 20 = 39 vs 30) and 6a, 4k to Badajoz (attack = 12 + 16 = 28 vs 25)? Badajoz is still close but 28 vs 25 is narrow.

Or: send 3s, 9a, 5k to Cordoba (attack = 3 + 18 + 20 = 41) and 5a, 4k to Badajoz (attack = 10 + 16 = 26 vs 25). Very narrow for Badajoz.

Hmm, splitting is inherently risky because both forces are weakened.

Let me try yet another approach: send Toledo's full army to Cordoba (overwhelming victory, minimal losses). Accept that Badajoz will take another turn. Meanwhile, build troops and set up for the next attack.

Turn 22:
- Toledo (3s, 14a, 9k) → Cordoba. Attack 67 vs 30. Big win, ~24 troops survive as garrison.
- Madrid (7a, 9k) → Salamanca. Arrive turn 23.
- Build troops in various villages.

Turn 23:
- Cordoba is mine (17 villages, but Sevilha might fall → 16).
- Salamanca has 4k + 7a + 9k = 7a, 13k (attack 66).
- Send Salamanca → Badajoz (1 turn). Attack 66 vs 25. Big win.
- Also send another army to another target.

Turn 24:
- Badajoz is mine. If Sevilha fell: 16 + 1 (Cordoba) + 1 (Badajoz) = 18? Wait: 16 original - 1 (Sevilha) + 1 (Cordoba) + 1 (Badajoz) = 17. Hmm, I need one more.

Let me recount. Currently 16 villages. If Sevilha falls: 15. If I conquer Cordoba: 16. If I conquer Badajoz: 17. Still need 18. Need one more.

So I need 3 conquests if Sevilha falls, or 2 if Sevilha holds.

This is getting complex. Let me think about whether I can conquer 2 villages in 2 turns and also hold Sevilha.

Actually, you know what, let me just go with a plan and adapt. The key insight is that I need to act now.

Let me try this plan:

Turn 22 orders:
1. Toledo (3s, 14a, 9k) → Cordoba [11]. Overwhelming force, 1 turn.
2. Madrid (7a, 9k) → Salamanca [7]. Reinforce, 1 turn.
3. Zaragoza (8a, 7k) → Madrid [12]. Wait, Madrid is mine, this is reinforcement. But why? To build up Madrid for future attacks. Actually, Madrid will be empty after sending its army. Let me send Zaragoza's army to Madrid to reinforce it. Zaragoza → Madrid: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn? Let me check: [17] Zaragoza connects to [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]. So Zaragoza → Madrid is direct. Distance: from the report, "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" for Zaragoza. So Zaragoza to Salamanca is 2/2/1. Zaragoza to Madrid is probably 1/1/1 or 2/1/1. Hmm, I don't have exact data. Let me check Madrid: "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns." So Madrid to Salamanca is 1/1/1. And Zaragoza to Madrid... the road network shows [17]→[12]. I'll estimate 1/1/1.

Actually, I don't need to overthink this. Let me focus on the main attacks.

Let me reconsider. Actually, maybe I should try to conquer Badajoz and Cordoba simultaneously by splitting Toledo. Even if narrow, both should win. And then I don't need to worry about the multi-turn setup.

Let me compute more carefully:

Split option A:
- To Cordoba: 3s, 7a, 4k. Attack = 3 + 14 + 16 = 33. vs 30. Win by 3.
- To Badajoz: 7a, 5k. Attack = 14 + 20 = 34. vs 25. Win by 9.

Split option B (more balanced):
- To Cordoba: 3s, 8a, 5k. Attack = 3 + 16 + 20 = 39. vs 30. Win by 9.
- To Badajoz: 6a, 4k. Attack = 12 + 16 = 28. vs 25. Win by 3.

Split option C (maximize one):
- To Cordoba: 3s, 10a, 6k. Attack = 3 + 20 + 24 = 47. vs 30. Big win.
- To Badajoz: 4a, 3k. Attack = 8 + 12 = 20. vs 25. LOSE.

So option C doesn't work. Options A and B both work but are narrow on one front.

Hmm, what if I don't split and instead send the full army to one target, then use Madrid's army for the other?

Madrid (7a, 9k) attack = 14 + 36 = 50. Can Madrid reach Cordoba or Badajoz in 1 turn? Madrid connects to [7], [8], [14], [17]. So Madrid → Toledo (mine, pass through) → Cordoba or Badajoz. That's 2 turns.

Or Madrid → Salamanca → Badajoz. Also 2 turns.

So Madrid can't reach either target in 1 turn.

What about Zaragoza? Zaragoza (8a, 7k) attack = 14 + 28 = 42. Zaragoza → Madrid → Toledo → Cordoba = 3 turns. Too slow.

What about Girona? Girona (10s, 3a, 5k) attack = 10 + 6 + 20 = 36. Girona → ... → Cordoba is many turns. Way too far.

So only Toledo can attack Cordoba or Badajoz in 1 turn. If I want both conquered by end of turn 23, I must split Toledo's army.

Alternatively, I could send Toledo to one target and accept the other will take longer.

Let me think about which is more important: speed or safety. If I split and both work, I have 18 by end of turn 23 (assuming Sevilha falls, I'd have 17... wait).

Let me recount with splitting:
- Start: 16 villages.
- Conquer Cordoba: +1 = 17.
- Conquer Badajoz: +1 = 18.
- Sevilha falls: -1 = 17.

So even with both conquests, if Sevilha falls, I have 17. Not enough!

Hmm. So I need 3 conquests if Sevilha falls. Or I need to save Sevilha.

Wait, can I save Sevilha by sending troops there? The only way is through Cordoba. If I conquer Cordoba this turn (arriving end of turn 23), I could then send troops from Cordoba to Sevilha on turn 23, arriving end of turn 24. But the enemy attacks Sevilha at end of turn 23. So Sevilha falls before my reinforcements arrive.

Unless... the enemy army attacking Sevilha is weak enough that Sevilha's current garrison (1s, 2a, 1k, defense 10) can hold. Let me think about what the enemy army might be.

The report says "enemy army marching toward [9] Sevilha, arrives in 1 turn." No composition given. Last turn, I encountered an enemy army of "5 spearmen, 8 archers, 1 knight" on the road. That had attack 5 + 16 + 4 = 25. Against Sevilha's defense 10, that's a win for the enemy.

But maybe the army marching toward Sevilha is different. I can't know.

Let me assume Sevilha falls and plan for 3 conquests.

Actually, wait. Let me reconsider. What if I don't try to conquer Badajoz and Cordoba, but instead focus on conquering villages that give me a better position?

Hmm, actually, let me reconsider the whole situation. What if I try to eliminate all enemy villages instead? That's the alternative win condition. But that requires conquering all 8 enemy villages, which is much harder.

OK, let me go with the plan of conquering multiple villages over several turns. Let me be practical.

Turn 22 plan:
1. Send Toledo's full army (3s, 14a, 9k) → Cordoba [11]. Attack 67 vs 30. Overwhelming victory. Arrives turn 23.
2. Send Madrid's full army (7a, 9k) → Salamanca [7]. Reinforcement. Arrives turn 23.
3. Build troops where possible.

Turn 23 (assuming Cordoba conquered, Sevilha possibly fallen):
- If Sevilha fell: 16 villages. Cordoba is mine: 16. Wait, 16 - 1 + 1 = 16. Hmm.
- Salamanca has 4k + 7a + 9k = 7a, 13k (attack 66).
- Send Salamanca → Badajoz [4]. Attack 66 vs 25. Win. Arrives turn 24.
- Also, from Cordoba (now mine, with ~24 troops), I could send some to Sevilha or elsewhere.
- Also send another army to Porto or Coimbra.

Turn 24: Badajoz conquered. If Sevilha fell: 16 + 1 = 17. Need one more.
- Send army to Porto or Coimbra.

Turn 25: Third conquest. 18 villages. Hold through turn 26. Win.

This is slow. Let me see if I can accelerate.

Alternative: What if on turn 22, I send Toledo to Cordoba AND set up Madrid to attack Badajoz via Salamanca on turn 23, AND set up another army for a third target?

Actually, let me reconsider splitting. Even if Sevilha falls, if I conquer Cordoba and Badajoz by end of turn 23, I have 17. Then on turn 24 I conquer a third (e.g., Porto), giving me 18 at end of turn 24. Then hold through turn 25. Win at end of turn 25.

With the non-splitting plan: Cordoba turn 23 (16 or 17), Badajoz turn 24 (17 or 18), third conquest turn 25 (18 or 19), hold turn 26. Win at end of turn 26.

So splitting saves 1 turn. But it's riskier.

Hmm, let me think about whether the risk is worth it. The split option A: 33 vs 30 and 34 vs 25. Both should win, but Cordoba is close.

Actually, let me reconsider the combat math. "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER."

33 vs 30: I win. But how many losses? "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."

If attrition is, say, loser_force / winner_force * something... Let me look at the data point: "your losses: 2 troops (effective force 42 vs 25, no location bonus in the open)." 42 vs 25 on the road. Losses = 2. Ratio 25/42 ≈ 0.6. If losses = ceil(ratio * something)... 2 losses from 42 vs 25.

Another data point: "your losses: 1 troop" for some battle. And "your losses: 2 troops" for another.

I think the losses might be something like: number of troops lost = round(loser_force / winner_force * winner_troops)? Or maybe it's simpler: losses = floor(loser_attack / winner_defense) or something.

Actually, in the road battle, both sides count attack (no defense). So it was 42 attack vs 25 attack. Winner takes losses. Maybe losses = loser_force / some_factor. 25 / 12.5 = 2? Or 25 / 25 * 2 = 2?

I really can't determine the exact formula. Let me just assume losses are moderate and plan accordingly.

Let me go with a plan that balances speed and safety. I'll split Toledo's army, sending more to the harder target (Cordoba, defense 30) and less to the easier one (Badajoz, defense 25).

Plan: Send 3s, 8a, 5k → Cordoba (attack 39 vs 30). Send 6a, 4k → Badajoz (attack 28 vs 25).

Wait, 28 vs 25 is still close. Let me try: 3s, 9a, 5k → Cordoba (attack 41 vs 30). 5a, 4k → Badajoz (attack 26 vs 25). Even closer.

Hmm, the problem is that Badajoz has 8 archers (defense contribution 8*2*1.25 = 20) + 2 knights (2*2*1.25 = 5) = 25. And my force against it needs to be > 25.

Let me try to give Badajoz more: 3s, 7a, 4k → Cordoba (33 vs 30). 7a, 5k → Badajoz (34 vs 25). This gives Badajoz a comfortable margin and Cordoba a narrow win.

Or: 3s, 6a, 4k → Cordoba (31 vs 30, very narrow). 8a, 5k → Badajoz (36 vs 25, comfortable). But 31 vs 30 is too narrow.

I think option A (3s,7a,4k to Cordoba and 7a,5k to Badajoz) is the best balance. Cordoba wins by 3, Badajoz wins by 9.

But wait, I should also consider what happens after. After conquering both, my garrisons will be weak (due to losses). The enemy might retake them. But if I can hold for 1 turn (turn 24), I win at end of turn 24 (if I have 18 at end of turn 23 and end of turn 24).

Wait, let me re-read the win condition: "hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns."

So I need 18 at the end of turn N and at the end of turn N+1. If I conquer Cordoba and Badajoz at end of turn 23, and Sevilha also falls at end of turn 23, I have 17. Not 18. So I don't win even with both conquests if Sevilha falls!

This is the crux. I need to either:
a) Save Sevilha (unlikely), or
b) Conquer 3 villages by end of turn 23 (impossible, I can only attack 2 with Toledo's split army, and no other army can reach an enemy village in 1 turn), or
c) Accept that I'll reach 18 later.

So the earliest I can win is:
- End of turn 23: 17 (Cordoba + Badajoz - Sevilha, assuming split works)
- End of turn 24: 18 (add Porto or another)
- End of turn 25: still 18 → WIN

Or without splitting:
- End of turn 23: 16 or 17 (Cordoba conquered, Sevilha maybe fallen)
- End of turn 24: 17 or 18 (Badajoz conquered)
- End of turn 25: 18
- End of turn 26: still 18 → WIN

So splitting saves 1 turn but is riskier. Let me think about whether there's a way to get 18 by end of turn 23.

What if I can save Sevilha? The only way is if the enemy army attacking it is weak. I don't know. But what if I send a distraction or... no, I can't reach Sevilha.

What if the enemy army marching toward Sevilha is actually going to be destroyed en route? Like, if I have an army on the road that intercepts it? But I have no armies on the march.

Hmm, what if I send an army to intercept the enemy army on the road? The enemy army is marching toward Sevilha. Where is it coming from? It must be coming from an enemy village. The roads to Sevilha are from [4] Badajoz, [5] Faro, [11] Cordoba. So the enemy army is coming from one of those. If it's coming from Badajoz, it would travel Badajoz → Sevilha. If from Cordoba, Cordoba → Sevilha. If from Faro, Faro → Sevilha.

I don't know where the enemy army is currently. It "arrives in 1 turn" at Sevilha. So it's 1 turn away.

Can I intercept it? I'd need an army on the same road. But I have no armies on the march, and any army I send now would take at least 1 turn to reach the road. And the enemy army arrives at Sevilha in 1 turn. So interception isn't possible.

OK, so Sevilha likely falls. Let me plan for 18 by end of turn 24 or 25.

Actually, wait. Let me reconsider. What if Sevilha DOESN'T fall? What if the enemy army is weak or what if the defender's location bonus is enough? Sevilha's effective defense is 10. That's with 1s, 2a, 1k: base defense = 1*2 + 2*2 + 1*2 = 2 + 4 + 2 = 8. With 1.25 bonus: 8 * 1.25 = 10. Yes.

If the enemy army has attack > 10, they win. Most armies have attack > 10. So Sevilha likely falls.

Unless the enemy army is very small. But I should assume the worst.

OK, let me go with the split plan for speed, and also set up for a third conquest.

Turn 22 orders:
1. Toledo: 3s, 7a, 4k → Cordoba [11]
2. Toledo: 7a, 5k → Badajoz [4]
3. Madrid: 7a, 9k → Salamanca [7]
4. Build troops in various villages to replenish.

Wait, can I send two separate armies from the same village (Toledo)? The rules say "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 3 spearman, 14 archer, 9 knight." I think I can split this into two groups. The rules don't prohibit it.

Actually, let me reconsider. "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This implies that troops from the SAME village also fight as one group. But if I split Toledo's troops into two groups going to different targets, each group fights independently at its target. That should be fine.

Let me also think about building. Each village produces resources. I should build troops to maintain my army.

Resource production: each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn. Costs: spearman 15w, archer 20w+10i, knight 30w+30i.

Let me check which villages can build what:

Toledo: wood 30, iron 40. Can build: 2 knights (60w - no, only 30w). Actually, 30w and 40i. Can build 1 knight (30w, 30i) leaving 0w, 10i. Or 1 archer (20w, 10i) leaving 10w, 30i, then another archer needs 20w - no. So 1 archer + 1 knight? 20+30=50w > 30. No. Just 1 knight or 1 archer or 2 spearman (30w).

Hmm, resources are per village. Let me check each village:

Barcelona: wood 30, iron 20. Can build: 2 spearman (30w) or 1 archer (20w, 10i) or 1 knight (30w, 30i - no, not enough iron). So 2 spearman or 1 archer.

Tarragona: wood 40, iron 30. Can build: 1 knight (30w, 30i) or 2 archer (40w, 20i) or 2 spearman (30w) + 1 archer (20w, 10i) = 50w > 40. So 2 spearman + ... hmm. 1 knight (30w, 30i) leaves 10w, 0i. Or 2 archer (40w, 20i) leaves 0w, 10i. Or 1 archer + 1 spearman (20+15=35w, 10i) leaves 5w, 20i.

Girona: wood 30, iron 70. Can build: 1 knight (30w, 30i) leaves 0w, 40i. Or 1 archer (20w, 10i) leaves 10w, 60i. Or 2 spearman (30w).

Castellon: wood 30, iron 20. Same as Barcelona: 2 spearman or 1 archer.

Zaragoza: wood 40, iron 20. Can build: 2 spearman (30w) + ... or 1 archer (20w, 10i) + 1 spearman (15w) = 35w, 10i. Or 2 archer (40w, 20i). Or 1 knight (30w, 30i - not enough iron).

Huesca: wood 30, iron 30. Can build: 1 knight (30w, 30i) or 1 archer + 1 spearman (35w - no, only 30w). Or 2 spearman (30w).

Valencia: wood 40, iron 30. Can build: 1 knight (30w, 30i) or 2 archer (40w, 20i) or 2 spearman + 1 archer (30+20=50w - no).

Teruel: wood 30, iron 20. 2 spearman or 1 archer.

Madrid: wood 30, iron 20. 2 spearman or 1 archer. But I'm sending all troops away. Still, it produces resources and can build.

Murcia: wood 30, iron 70. Can build: 1 knight (30w, 30i) or 2 archer (40w - no, only 30w). So 1 knight or 1 archer + 1 spearman (35w - no). Or 2 spearman (30w).

Pamplona: wood 30, iron 30. 1 knight or 2 spearman.

Burgos: wood 40, iron 30. 1 knight or 2 archer or 2 spearman + 1 archer (35w, 10i).

Salamanca: wood 30, iron 70. 1 knight or 2 spearman or 1 archer.

Vigo: wood 35, iron 20. 2 spearman (30w) + ... or 1 archer (20w, 10i).

Sevilha: wood 40, iron 30. 1 knight or 2 archer. But Sevilha might fall.

OK, this is getting very detailed. Let me focus on the main plan and add some builds.

Let me finalize my plan:

Turn 22 orders:
1. Toledo [8] → Cordoba [11]: 3 spearman, 7 archer, 4 knight (attack 33 vs 30)
2. Toledo [8] → Badajoz [4]: 7 archer, 5 knight (attack 34 vs 25)
3. Madrid [12] → Salamanca [7]: 7 archer, 9 knight (reinforcement, attack 66 next turn)
4. Build: various villages build troops.

Wait, I should double-check: can I send two armies from Toledo? The "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" lists 3 spearman, 14 archer, 9 knight. If I send 3s, 7a, 4k to Cordoba and 7a, 5k to Badajoz, that's 3s, 14a, 9k total. Exactly what's available. 

But wait, do I want to leave Toledo completely empty? If the enemy attacks Toledo, it falls. But Toledo is deep in my territory and the enemy is far away. The enemy army is attacking Sevilha, not Toledo. So it should be fine.

Actually, hmm, let me reconsider. What if instead of splitting, I send Toledo's full army to Cordoba (big win, strong garrison), and send Madrid's army to Badajoz via Salamanca (2 turns)? Then:

Turn 22: Toledo → Cordoba (1 turn). Madrid → Salamanca (1 turn).
Turn 23: Cordoba conquered (strong garrison). Salamanca reinforced. Send Salamanca → Badajoz (1 turn). Also send another army somewhere.
Turn 24: Badajoz conquered. If Sevilha fell: 16 + 1 + 1 = 18? Wait: 16 - 1 (Sevilha) + 1 (Cordoba) + 1 (Badajoz) = 17. Still need one more.
Turn 24: Send Salamanca (or another) → Porto or Coimbra.
Turn 25: Third conquest. 18 villages. Hold turn 26. Win.

vs. split plan:
Turn 22: Split Toledo to Cordoba and Badajoz. Madrid → Salamanca.
Turn 23: Cordoba and Badajoz conquered. If Sevilha fell: 17. Send Salamanca → Porto.
Turn 24: Porto conquered. 18 villages. Hold turn 25. Win at end of turn 25.

So the split plan wins 1 turn faster. But the split is risky (narrow margins).

Let me evaluate the risk more carefully. For Cordoba: 33 vs 30. I win by 3. For Badajoz: 34 vs 25. I win by 9.

What could go wrong?
1. If my attack calculation is wrong (e.g., I miscounted the enemy's troops or defense), I could lose.
2. If the enemy reinforces Cordoba or Badajoz during turn 23 (before my army arrives), the defense could be higher.
3. If the losses are severe, the garrisons are too weak to hold.

For concern #2: the enemy writes orders simultaneously with me. They don't know my orders. But they might send reinforcements to their border villages. However, Cordoba and Badajoz are enemy villages, and the enemy might reinforce them. The report shows the current garrison. If the enemy sends reinforcements, they'd arrive... when? If the enemy sends from, say, Lisboa to Cordoba, it would take some turns. Cordoba is 1 turn from Toledo for me; for the enemy, it depends on the distance from their other villages.

Actually, the enemy could send reinforcements to Cordoba from Sevilha (if they still own it) or from Badajoz or from Lisboa. But the enemy doesn't know I'm attacking Cordoba. They might send general reinforcements.

Hmm, but the "effective defense" shown is today's value. The enemy could build more troops in Cordoba this turn. Cordoba produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn (as an enemy village, I assume it produces the same). With 4s, 6a, 2k at home, the cap is 300 so it can build more. It has resources: wood 30, iron 20 (I assume, since it's a village). Wait, I don't see Cordoba's resource production. The report only shows my villages' resources.

Hmm, I don't know Cordoba's resources. But the enemy could build troops there. If they build, say, 1 knight (30w, 30i) - they'd need 30 iron, and I don't know if they have it.

This is getting too speculative. Let me just go with the plan and accept the risk.

Actually, let me reconsider one more time. What if I send Toledo's full army to Badajoz (easier target, defense 25, attack 67 vs 25, huge margin) and set up a different plan for Cordoba?

If I take Badajoz first (turn 23), then from Badajoz I can attack Cordoba (Badajoz → Cordoba? No, the road network shows [4] Badajoz connects to [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. Not directly to [11] Cordoba. So Badajoz → Sevilha → Cordoba, or Badajoz → Toledo → Cordoba. Both 2 turns.

Hmm, that's slow.

What about taking Cordoba first (harder target but closer to my other forces)? Cordoba connects to [8], [9], [15]. From Cordoba, I can reach Sevilha (1 turn) and Murcia (1 turn, already mine).

OK, I think the split plan is the fastest. Let me go with it, but let me adjust the split to give Cordoba more force since it has higher defense.

Best split: 3s, 8a, 5k → Cordoba (attack = 3 + 16 + 20 = 39 vs 30, margin 9). 6a, 4k → Badajoz (attack = 12 + 16 = 28 vs 25, margin 3).

Both have decent margins. Cordoba wins comfortably, Badajoz narrowly but should win.

Actually wait, let me reconsider. The counter bonus: for the Cordoba attack, my most numerous type is archer (8). Enemy's most numerous is archer (6). No counter. For Badajoz, my most numerous is archer (6). Enemy's most numerous is archer (8). No counter. So no bonus in either case. The attack values I calculated are correct.

Let me go with: 3s, 8a, 5k → Cordoba and 6a, 4k → Badajoz.

Hmm, but 28 vs 25 for Badajoz is narrow. Let me try 3s, 7a, 5k → Cordoba (attack = 3 + 14 + 20 = 37 vs 30, margin 7) and 7a, 4k → Badajoz (attack = 14 + 16 = 30 vs 25, margin 5). That's more balanced.

Or 3s, 7a, 4k → Cordoba (33 vs 30, margin 3) and 7a, 5k → Badajoz (34 vs 25, margin 9).

I think I'll go with the balanced option: 3s, 7a, 5k → Cordoba (37 vs 30) and 7a, 4k → Badajoz (30 vs 25).

Wait, that uses 3s, 14a, 9k total. 7+7=14 archer, 5+4=9 knight, 3 spearman. Yes, matches.

Hmm, 30 vs 25 for Badajoz and 37 vs 30 for Cordoba. Both margins are about 5-7. That's reasonable.

Actually, let me reconsider whether I should send all of Toledo to one target and use a different approach for the second.

You know what, let me just go with the split. It's the fastest path to 18. Let me also set up for the third conquest.

Turn 22 orders:
1. Toledo → Cordoba: 3 spearman, 7 archer, 5 knight
2. Toledo → Badajoz: 7 archer, 4 knight
3. Madrid → Salamanca: 7 archer, 9 knight
4. Build troops in several villages.

For builds, let me prioritize villages that can build knights (most powerful) and archers:

- Girona [23]: wood 30, iron 70. Build 1 knight (30w, 30i). 
- Murcia [15]: wood 30, iron 70. Build 1 knight (30w, 30i).
- Salamanca [7]: wood 30, iron 70. Build 1 knight (30w, 30i). But I'm sending no troops from Salamanca this turn (it only has 4 knights, and I want to keep them for next turn's combined attack).
- Zaragoza [17]: wood 40, iron 20. Build 2 archer (40w, 20i).
- Tarragona [21]: wood 40, iron 30. Build 1 knight (30w, 30i) or 2 archer (40w, 20i). Let me build 1 knight.
- Burgos [14]: wood 40, iron 30. Build 1 knight (30w, 30i) or 2 archer. Build 1 knight.
- Huesca [20]: wood 30, iron 30. Build 1 knight (30w, 30i).
- Pamplona [19]: wood 30, iron 30. Build 1 knight (30w, 30i).
- Barcelona [22]: wood 30, iron 20. Build 1 archer (20w, 10i).
- Madrid [12]: wood 30, iron 20. Build 1 archer (20w, 10i). (Even though I'm sending troops away, it can still build.)
- Teruel [13]: wood 30, iron 20. Build 1 archer (20w, 10i).
- Valencia [16]: wood 40, iron 30. Build 1 knight (30w, 30i).
- Castellon [18]: wood 30, iron 20. Build 1 archer (20w, 10i).
- Vigo [10]: wood 35, iron 20. Build 1 archer (20w, 10i) or 2 spearman (30w). Build 1 archer.
- Sevilha [9]: wood 40, iron 30. Build 1 knight (30w, 30i). (In case it survives.)
- Toledo [8]: wood 30, iron 40. Build 1 knight (30w, 30i). (Even though I'm sending troops away.)

Wait, but the cap is 300 troops per village. And I'm sending most of Toledo's troops away, so it has 0 at home. Building 1 knight would give it 1. That's fine.

But actually, do I need to worry about the cap? Most villages have far fewer than 300 troops. So no issue.

Let me also think about whether I should send troops from other villages to reinforce the attack. But as I analyzed, no other village can reach Cordoba or Badajoz in 1 turn with enough force.

What about sending troops from Murcia [15] to Cordoba [11]? Murcia has 2 archer (attack 4). That's negligible. And Murcia → Cordoba is 1 turn. But 4 attack vs 30 defense = lost. The army would be destroyed. So no point.

What about sending from Sevilha [9] to Cordoba [11]? Sevilha has 1s, 2a, 1k (attack 9). 9 vs 30 = lost. No point.

OK, let me finalize the plan.

Actually, wait. I want to reconsider one thing. The "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" section says "You attacked [11] Cordoba: DEFEAT (your army was lost)" multiple times. And "King A attacked [11] Cordoba: VICTORY, conquered". This is confusing - it seems like there were multiple attacks on Cordoba. But the current state shows Cordoba as enemy (King A). So despite my attacks, Cordoba is still enemy. Maybe the "conquered" by King A means they retook it.

Anyway, the current state is what matters. Cordoba is enemy with defense 30.

Let me also consider: should I send any troops to defend my border villages? The enemy army is attacking Sevilha. After taking Sevilha, the enemy might attack Cordoba (if they retake it) or Badajoz (if they take it) or Murcia.

Murcia [15] is my border village adjacent to Cordoba [11]. It has 2 archer (defense 5). If the enemy attacks Murcia after taking Sevilha... hmm, but the enemy would need to go through Cordoba to reach Murcia. If I conquer Cordoba, it becomes mine and blocks the path.

OK, I think my plan is reasonable. Let me also think about what to do about Sevilha. I can't defend it. But I can try to retake it later from Cordoba.

Let me write the plan and statement.

Plan: "Split Toledo's army to conquer Cordoba and Badajoz simultaneously. Send Madrid to reinforce Salamanca for next turn's attack on Porto. Build troops everywhere. Accept Sevilha may fall; retake it later from Cordoba. Goal: 18 villages by end of turn 24, hold through turn 25."

Statement: "I'm launching a decisive double strike from Toledo against Cordoba and Badajoz, splitting my elite force to conquer both in one turn. Madrid reinforces Salamanca for the follow-up attack. I know Sevilha is likely lost, but taking Cordoba and Badajoz puts me on the path to 18 villages."

Now let me write the JSON.

Builds:
- Girona [23]: 1 knight
- Murcia [15]: 1 knight
- Zaragoza [17]: 2 archer
- Tarragona [21]: 1 knight
- Burgos [14]: 1 knight
- Huesca [20]: 1 knight
- Pamplona [19]: 1 knight
- Barcelona [22]: 1 archer
- Madrid [12]: 1 archer
- Teruel [13]: 1 archer
- Valencia [16]: 1 knight
- Castellon [18]: 1 archer
- Vigo [10]: 1 archer
- Sevilha [9]: 1 knight
- Toledo [8]: 1 knight
- Salamanca [7]: 1 knight

Wait, let me check resources for each:
- Girona: wood 30, iron 70. Knight costs 30w, 30i. ✓
- Murcia: wood 30, iron 70. Knight 30w, 30i. ✓
- Zaragoza: wood 40, iron 20. 2 archer = 40w, 20i. ✓
- Tarragona: wood 40, iron 30. Knight 30w, 30i. ✓
- Burgos: wood 40, iron 30. Knight 30w, 30i. ✓
- Huesca: wood 30, iron 30. Knight 30w, 30i. ✓
- Pamplona: wood 30, iron 30. Knight 30w, 30i. ✓
- Barcelona: wood 30, iron 20. Archer 20w, 10i. ✓
- Madrid: wood 30, iron 20. Archer 20w, 10i. ✓
- Teruel: wood 30, iron 20. Archer 20w, 10i. ✓
- Valencia: wood 40, iron 30. Knight 30w, 30i. ✓
- Castellon: wood 30, iron 20. Archer 20w, 10i. ✓
- Vigo: wood 35, iron 20. Archer 20w, 10i. ✓
- Sevilha: wood 40, iron 30. Knight 30w, 30i. ✓
- Toledo: wood 30, iron 40. Knight 30w, 30i. ✓
- Salamanca: wood 30, iron 70. Knight 30w, 30i. ✓

All feasible. But that's a lot of builds. Let me simplify - maybe just build in the most important villages. Actually, building everywhere is fine since it strengthens my overall position.

Hmm, but I should be careful about ordering too many builds. Let me keep it to a reasonable number. Let me build in the key villages:

Actually, let me just build in all villages that can afford it. More troops = better.

Wait, one concern: the build order is for the village's own troops. If I'm sending Toledo's troops away, building a knight in Toledo gives it 1 knight at home. That's a weak defense but better than nothing.

Let me finalize. I'll include builds for all 16 villages (well, 15 since Sevilha might fall, but I'll build there too in case it holds).

Actually, let me reconsider the number of builds. The JSON might get very long. Let me include the most important ones and skip trivial ones.

Let me include builds for: Girona, Murcia, Zaragoza, Tarragona, Burgos, Huesca, Pamplona, Barcelona, Madrid, Teruel, Valencia, Castellon, Vigo, Toledo, Salamanca. That's 15 builds. Plus Sevilha = 16. That's a lot but manageable.

Hmm, let me trim to the most impactful: knights and archers from the richer villages.

Actually, let me just include all of them. The instructions say "Empty lists are valid orders" so I can have a long build list.

Let me write the JSON now.

Wait, one more consideration: should I send any troops to defend Sevilha? I've concluded I can't reach it in time. But what about sending troops from Cordoba after I conquer it? That would be a turn 23 order, and they'd arrive turn 24. Too late for the turn 23 attack.

What about sending troops from Badajoz to Sevilha after conquering it? Same timing issue.

OK, Sevilha is lost. Let me plan to retake it later.

Actually, hmm, wait. What if I don't attack Cordoba and instead try to defend Sevilha by... no, I can't reach Sevilha. Let me stop second-guessing.

One more thought: what if the enemy doesn't attack Sevilha? The report says "enemy army marching toward [9] Sevilha, arrives in 1 turn." This means the army will arrive at Sevilha next turn and fight there. So yes, Sevilha will be attacked.

Unless the enemy army is destroyed en route by something. But I have no armies to intercept it.

OK, final plan:

Movements:
1. Toledo [8] → Cordoba [11]: 3 spearman, 7 archer, 5 knight
2. Toledo [8] → Badajoz [4]: 7 archer, 4 knight
3. Madrid [12] → Salamanca [7]: 7 archer, 9 knight

Builds: as listed above.

Let me double-check the troop counts:
- Toledo has 3s, 14a, 9k available. I'm sending 3s, (7+7)=14a, (5+4)=9k. Exactly all. ✓
- Madrid has 0s, 7a, 9k available. I'm sending 7a, 9k. Exactly all. ✓

Now, let me also think about whether I should keep some troops in Toledo for defense. Toledo's effective defense is 65 with all troops. If I send them all away, defense drops to 0. But the enemy is far away and focused on Sevilha. I think it's OK.

Actually, hmm, what if the enemy, after taking Sevilha, attacks Murcia or Toledo? The enemy would need to march through Cordoba first. If I conquer Cordoba, it blocks the enemy. If I don't... well, I am conquering it.

But wait, if I split my army and the Cordoba attack fails, then Cordoba remains enemy and the enemy could attack Murcia through it. That's a risk.

Let me reconsider: should I send a small reserve from somewhere to Toledo for defense? Like, send 1 knight from Zaragoza to Toledo? Zaragoza → Toledo: Zaragoza connects to [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]. Toledo connects to [4], [11], [12], [13]. So Zaragoza → Madrid → Toledo, or Zaragoza → Teruel → Toledo. Both 2 turns. Too slow for immediate defense.

What about Madrid → Toledo? Madrid connects to [7], [8], [14], [17]. So Madrid → Toledo is direct, 1 turn. But I'm sending Madrid's army to Salamanca. I could keep some troops in Madrid for defense.

Hmm, but I want Madrid's full army to reinforce Salamanca for the next attack.

OK, I'll accept the risk. Toledo is deep in my territory and the enemy is unlikely to reach it in 1-2 turns.

Let me write the final JSON.

Actually, one more thing: let me reconsider whether I should send Madrid's army to Salamanca or somewhere else. 

If I send Madrid → Salamanca (1 turn), then on turn 23 Salamanca has 4k + 7a + 9k = 7a, 13k (attack 66). I can send Salamanca → Badajoz (1 turn, if Badajoz is still enemy) or Salamanca → Porto (1 turn, defense 38, easy win) or Salamanca → Coimbra (2 turns).

But if I've already conquered Badajoz with Toledo's split, then on turn 23 I can send Salamanca → Porto (1 turn, defense 38, attack 66, easy win). Porto conquered end of turn 24. That gives me the third conquest.

Wait, but if Sevilha falls and I conquer Cordoba and Badajoz, I have 17 at end of turn 23. Then Porto conquered end of turn 24 = 18. Hold through turn 25. Win at end of turn 25.

Alternatively, on turn 23 I could send Salamanca → Coimbra (2 turns, arrives end of turn 25). That's slower.

Or on turn 23, I could send Salamanca → Badajoz (if not yet conquered) for turn 24, and set up another attack for turn 25.

I think the plan is:
- Turn 22: Split Toledo to Cordoba and Badajoz. Madrid → Salamanca.
- Turn 23: Cordoba and Badajoz mine (17 villages, assuming Sevilha falls). Salamanca has 66 attack. Send Salamanca → Porto. Also build troops.
- Turn 24: Porto mine. 18 villages. Hold.
- Turn 25: Still 18. WIN.

This assumes the enemy doesn't retake any of my conquests. The enemy might attack Cordoba or Badajoz on turn 24. If they retake one, I drop to 17 and need to reconquer.

To prevent this, I should make sure my conquests have strong garrisons. After the battles, Cordoba will have some surviving troops (maybe 10-15). Badajoz similar. That might be enough to hold against a counterattack.

Also, on turn 23, I can send reinforcements to Cordoba and Badajoz from nearby villages. From Cordoba, I can send some troops to... wait, Cordoba is now mine. I can send troops from Cordoba to defend other places, or receive reinforcements.

Hmm, actually, after conquering Cordoba, I could send some of the surviving troops to Sevilha (to retake it) or keep them in Cordoba for defense.

This is getting complex. Let me just execute the plan and adapt next turn.

Let me also consider: should I send any troops to reinforce the attacks? Like, send some troops from Murcia to Cordoba? Murcia → Cordoba is 1 turn. But Murcia only has 2 archer (attack 4). They'd fight separately and be destroyed. No point.

What about from Zaragoza to Cordoba? Zaragoza → Madrid → Toledo → Cordoba = 3 turns. Too slow.

OK, the plan is set. Let me write it.

Actually, I realize I should double-check one thing: the march times. The report says:
- "from here to your nearest border village [15] Murcia: 3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns" for Barcelona.
- "from here to your nearest border village [15] Murcia: 3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns" for Girona.
- "from here to your nearest border village [15] Murcia: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Castellon.
- "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" for Zaragoza.
- "from here to your nearest border village [15] Murcia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Valencia.
- "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Teruel.
- "from here to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Madrid.
- "from here to your nearest border village [10] Vigo: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" for Pamplona.
- "from here to your nearest border village [10] Vigo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Burgos.
- "from here to your nearest border village [3], [4] +1 (enemy)" for Salamanca - no march times given.
- "from here to your nearest border village [4], [11] (enemy)" for Toledo - no march times given.
- "from here to your nearest border village [6] (enemy)" for Vigo - no march times given.
- "from here to your nearest border village [4], [5] +1 (enemy)" for Sevilha - no march times given.

And for the visible enemy villages:
- Cordoba: "march from [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
- Badajoz: "march from [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
- Porto: "march from [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
- Coimbra: "march from [7] Salamanca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
- Faro: "march from [9] Sevilha: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"

So Toledo → Cordoba: 1 slow turn. Since my army has spearman (slow), it takes 1 turn. ✓
Toledo → Badajoz: 1 slow turn. ✓
Madrid → Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. My army has archer (medium) and knight (fast), no spearman. So it marches at medium speed = 1 turn. ✓

Wait, "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means: if you send slow troops, it takes 1 turn; medium, 1 turn; fast, 1 turn. So regardless of composition, it takes 1 turn. ✓

Good. All my marches take 1 turn.

Now let me finalize the JSON.

Actually, I want to reconsider the split one more time. Let me think about what happens if the Cordoba attack fails (33 vs 30 or 37 vs 30, depending on split). 

With 37 vs 30: I win by 7. That's a solid margin. I think it's safe.

With 30 vs 25 for Badajoz: I win by 5. Also solid.

Let me go with: 3s, 7a, 5k → Cordoba (37 vs 30) and 7a, 4k → Badajoz (30 vs 25).

Wait, 3*1 + 7*2 + 5*4 = 3 + 14 + 20 = 37. ✓
7*2 + 4*4 = 14 + 16 = 30. ✓
Total: 3s, 14a, 9k. ✓ Matches Toledo's available troops.

OK, let me write the JSON.

One more thought: should I also send the 4 knights from Salamanca somewhere? Salamanca has 4 knights (attack 16). If I send them to Badajoz, they'd fight separately from Toledo's army (different villages). 16 vs 25 = loss. So no.

If I send them to Cordoba: 16 vs 30 = loss. No.

If I send them to Porto: 16 vs 38 = loss. No.

So I should keep Salamanca's 4 knights at home for now, to combine with Madrid's reinforcements next turn.

OK, final JSON:

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 15, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 14, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 19, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 12, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 13, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 10, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 8, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 7, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 9, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 8, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 7, "knight": 5}},
    {"fromId": 8, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 7, "knight": 4}},
    {"fromId": 12, "toId": 7, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 7, "knight": 9}}
  ],
  "plan": "Split Toledo's army: 3s/7a/5k to Cordoba (attack 37 vs def 30) and 7a/4k to Badajoz (attack 30 vs def 25). Both arrive turn 23. Madrid's 7a/9k reinforces Salamanca (arrives turn 23) for a turn-24 attack on Porto. Build knights and archers everywhere to replenish. Expect Sevilha to fall to the enemy army; retake it later from Cordoba. Goal: 18 villages by end of turn 24, hold through turn 25 to win.",
  "statement": "I'm splitting Toledo's elite force into two deadly prongs: Cordoba and Badajoz fall simultaneously next turn. Madrid's army races to Salamanca to set up the third conquest. I know Sevilha is likely lost, but this double strike puts me on the path to 18 villages. The crown will be mine!"
}

Wait, I need to double-check the movement JSON format. The example shows:
"movements": [ {"fromId": <id>, "toId": <id>, "troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}} ]

So I need to include all three troop types even if 0. Let me fix the Badajoz movement to include spearman: 0.

Also, let me reconsider whether sending two armies from the same village (Toledo) is allowed. The rules don't explicitly prohibit it. The "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" lists the total available, and I'm sending a subset (all of it) split into two groups. I think this is allowed.

Hmm, but actually, I'm not 100% sure. Let me re-read the rules... "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This talks about different villages sending to the same target. It implies that sends from the same village also fight as one group. But if I send two groups from the same village to different targets, each group fights at its own target. That should be fine.

But wait, there might be a rule that each village can only send one army per turn. The rules don't explicitly say this. Let me check... "Each village you hold produces resources every turn, and resources are what build your army." "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 6 spearman, 7 archer, 3 knight (attack power if all sent: 32)" - this suggests you can send any subset. It doesn't say you can only send one group.

I'll go with the split. If it's not allowed, I'll adjust next turn.

Actually, hmm, let me reconsider. If splitting isn't allowed, I'd waste a turn. Let me think about a safer alternative.

Safer alternative: Send Toledo's full army to Cordoba (67 vs 30, overwhelming victory). Send Madrid's army to Salamanca. On turn 23, send Salamanca's reinforced army to Badajoz. On turn 24, Badajoz falls. Then on turn 24, send another army to Porto or Coimbra. On turn 25, third conquest. 18 villages. Hold turn 26. Win.

This is safer but 1 turn slower. Given the importance of not wasting turns, let me think about which is better.

Actually, you know what, let me go with the safer plan. The split is too risky, and even if it works, I need to hold for 2 turns which is uncertain.

Wait, but the safer plan also needs to hold for 2 turns. The difference is just 1 turn.

Hmm, let me reconsider the risk of the split. The main risks are:
1. Splitting isn't allowed → I lose a turn.
2. The margins are narrow → I might lose one battle.
3. The enemy reinforces → defense is higher than expected.

For risk #1: I'll assume it's allowed. The rules don't prohibit it.
For risk #2: 37 vs 30 and 30 vs 25. Both should win. The game uses integer math, so 37 > 30 and 30 > 25. ✓
For risk #3: The enemy writes orders simultaneously. They might send reinforcements to Cordoba or Badajoz. But they don't know which villages I'm attacking. They might reinforce generally. But Cordoba and Badajoz are border villages; the enemy might naturally reinforce them.

Hmm, risk #3 is real. If the enemy sends, say, 5 archers to Cordoba, the defense becomes 30 + 5*2*1.25 = 30 + 12.5 = 42.5 → 42 or 43. Then 37 < 43, I lose!

That's a significant risk. The enemy could reinforce their border villages.

Let me check: what can the enemy build in Cordoba? Cordoba has 4s, 6a, 2k at home. It produces resources (30 wood, 20 iron per turn, I assume). It can build: 1 knight (30w, 30i) - needs 30 iron, might not have it. Or 2 spearman (30w) or 1 archer (20w, 10i).

If Cordoba builds 1 archer, its defense becomes: 4s, 7a, 2k. Base defense = 4*2 + 7*2 + 2*2 = 8 + 14 + 4 = 26. With 1.25 bonus: 32.5 → 32 or 33. My attack 37 > 33. Still win.

If Cordoba builds 2 spearman: 6s, 6a, 2k. Base defense = 12 + 12 + 4 = 28. With 1.25: 35. 37 > 35. Still win, but narrow.

If the enemy sends reinforcements from another village to Cordoba... e.g., from Badajoz or Lisboa. But those would take time to arrive. If they're 1 turn away, they'd arrive at the same time as my army (turn 23). Hmm, but the enemy writes orders simultaneously with me, over the same snapshot. So the enemy doesn't know I'm attacking Cordoba. They might send general reinforcements, but they can't specifically reinforce Cordoba in anticipation of my attack.

Actually, the enemy could send reinforcements to Cordoba as a general precaution. But they'd have to decide which village to send from. If they send from Lisboa (capital) to Cordoba, it would take some number of turns. If it's 1 turn, they'd arrive at Cordoba at the same time as my army. But would they fight together? The enemy's reinforcement arriving at Cordoba would join the garrison before or after my attack?

This is getting too speculative. Let me just go with the split and accept the risk. If it fails, I'll adapt.

Actually, let me reconsider one more time. What if I send Toledo's full army to Badajoz (easier, defense 25, attack 67, huge margin) and set up Madrid for Cordoba?

Madrid → Salamanca (1 turn) → ... → Cordoba? Salamanca connects to [3], [4], [6], [12]. Not directly to Cordoba. So Salamanca → Badajoz → ... → Cordoba? Badajoz connects to [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. Not directly to Cordoba. So Salamanca → Badajoz → Sevilha → Cordoba = 3 turns from Salamanca. Way too slow.

Or Madrid → Toledo → Cordoba = 2 turns. So Madrid's army arrives at Cordoba at end of turn 24.

Plan B:
- Turn 22: Toledo → Badajoz (1 turn, attack 67 vs 25, easy win). Madrid → Salamanca (1 turn).
- Turn 23: Badajoz mine (17 villages, or 16 if Sevilha falls). Salamanca has 66 attack. Send Salamanca → Cordoba? Salamanca → Badajoz → Sevilha → Cordoba = 3 turns. Too slow. Or Salamanca → Toledo → Cordoba = 2 turns. So send Salamanca → Toledo (1 turn), then Toledo → Cordoba (1 turn) = 2 turns total. Arrives end of turn 25. Too slow.

Hmm, that doesn't work well either.

What about: Turn 22: Toledo → Cordoba (1 turn, 67 vs 30). Madrid → Salamanca (1 turn).
Turn 23: Cordoba mine (17 or 16). Salamanca has 66. Send Salamanca → Badajoz (1 turn, 66 vs 25). 
Turn 24: Badajoz mine (18 or 17). Send Salamanca (now at Badajoz) → Porto or Coimbra? Or send another army.
Turn 25: Third conquest. 18 or 19. Hold turn 26. Win.

This is the non-split plan. It takes until end of turn 26 to win (if Sevilha falls).

vs. split plan: win at end of turn 25.

The split saves 1 turn but has risks. Let me evaluate: is 1 turn worth the risk?

In this game, 1 turn can be significant. The enemy is also making progress. But the risk of the split failing is real.

Let me go with a middle ground: send most of Toledo to Cordoba (strong force) and a smaller force to Badajoz.

3s, 9a, 6k → Cordoba (attack = 3 + 18 + 24 = 45 vs 30, big margin). 5a, 3k → Badajoz (attack = 10 + 12 = 22 vs 25). LOSE.

No good. The problem is that Badajoz needs at least 26 attack to win (must be > 25).

3s, 8a, 5k → Cordoba (39 vs 30). 6a, 4k → Badajoz (28 vs 25). Both win but Badajoz narrow.

3s, 7a, 5k → Cordoba (37 vs 30). 7a, 4k → Badajoz (30 vs 25). Both win with decent margins.

I'll go with the last one. 37 vs 30 and 30 vs 25.

Actually, let me reconsider whether I should send the spearman at all. Spearman have attack 1 and cost 15 wood. In the attack, they contribute 3 attack for the group. They're the slowest troops, but since the distance is 1 turn for all speeds, speed doesn't matter.

Actually, should I keep the spearman in Toledo for defense? If I send them, they contribute 3 attack. If I keep them, they contribute 2 defense (×1.25 = 2.5) to Toledo's defense. Since I'm sending all troops away, Toledo's defense is 0 anyway. So sending them is better.

OK, final decision: split Toledo's army.

Let me write the final JSON now.

Actually, wait. I want to reconsider one more time whether sending two armies from the same village is allowed. Let me re-read the rules carefully.

"MOVEMENT RULES: Armies march along the ROAD NETWORK... An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there... Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."

This implies that each "send" is an independent army. It doesn't say you can only send one per village per turn. The "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" lists the total troops available at that village. I think you can split them into multiple sends.

OK, I'm going with the split. Let me write the JSON.

Let me also reconsider the builds. I listed 16 builds. That's a lot. Let me make sure each is valid:

1. Girona [23]: wood 30, iron 70. Knight costs 30w, 30i. ✓ Has 18 troops at home, cap 300. ✓
2. Murcia [15]: wood 30, iron 70. Knight 30w, 30i. ✓ Has 2 troops. ✓
3. Zaragoza [17]: wood 40, iron 20. 2 archer = 40w, 20i. ✓ Has 15 troops. ✓
4. Tarragona [21]: wood 40, iron 30. Knight 30w, 30i. ✓ Has 9 troops. ✓
5. Burgos [14]: wood 40, iron 30. Knight 30w, 30i. ✓ Has 4 troops. ✓
6. Huesca [20]: wood 30, iron 30. Knight 30w, 30i. ✓ Has 7 troops. ✓
7. Pamplona [19]: wood 30, iron 30. Knight 30w, 30i. ✓ Has 3 troops. ✓
8. Barcelona [22]: wood 30, iron 20. Archer 20w, 10i. ✓ Has 16 troops. ✓
9. Madrid [12]: wood 30, iron 20. Archer 20w, 10i. ✓ Has 16 troops. ✓
10. Teruel [13]: wood 30, iron 20. Archer 20w, 10i. ✓ Has 7 troops. ✓
11. Valencia [16]: wood 40, iron 30. Knight 30w, 30i. ✓ Has 1 troop. ✓
12. Castellon [18]: wood 30, iron 20. Archer 20w, 10i. ✓ Has 4 troops. ✓
13. Vigo [10]: wood 35, iron 20. Archer 20w, 10i. ✓ Has 1 troop. ✓
14. Toledo [8]: wood 30, iron 40. Knight 30w, 30i. ✓ Has 26 troops. ✓
15. Salamanca [7]: wood 30, iron 70. Knight 30w, 30i. ✓ Has 4 troops. ✓
16. Sevilha [9]: wood 40, iron 30. Knight 30w, 30i. ✓ Has 4 troops. ✓

All valid. But wait, I'm sending all troops from Toledo and Madrid. After sending, they have 0 troops at home. Building 1 knight gives them 1 knight. That's fine.

Hmm, but for Madrid, I'm sending 7 archer and 9 knight. Building 1 archer means Madrid will have 1 archer at home after the send. The build happens simultaneously with the send, so Madrid will have 1 archer built + 0 remaining = 1 archer at home. That's fine.

Actually, wait. Do builds happen before or after sends? The rules say "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS." I think builds and sends happen simultaneously. So Madrid builds 1 archer and sends 7 archer + 9 knight. Since it has 7 archer available to send, and builds 1 more... hmm, does the build add to the available troops before the send? I think the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" is what's currently at the village. The build adds new troops that will be available next turn. So this turn, Madrid sends 7 archer (all it has) and builds 1 archer (which will be available next turn). That's fine.

OK, let me finalize.

Actually, I realize I should double-check: can I afford all these builds? Each village pays from its own resources. I've checked each one. ✓

Let me also think about whether I should build spearmen instead of archers in some villages. Spearman cost 15 wood (no iron) and have defense 2. Archer cost 20 wood + 10 iron and have attack 2, defense 2. Knight cost 30 wood + 30 iron, attack 4, defense 2.

For defense, all troop types have defense 2. So for defending villages, spearman are the most resource-efficient (15 wood for 2 defense). But for attacking, archers and knights are better.

Since I'm on the offensive, I'll build archers and knights. But some villages have excess wood and little iron. For those, spearman might be better.

Let me check: Barcelona has wood 30, iron 20. Can build 2 spearman (30w) or 1 archer (20w, 10i). 2 spearman give 4 defense, 1 archer gives 2 defense + 2 attack. For attack power, 1 archer is better. For defense, 2 spearman is better. Since I need attack power, I'll go with 1 archer.

Castellon: wood 30, iron 20. Same, 1 archer.
Teruel: wood 30, iron 20. Same, 1 archer.
Madrid: wood 30, iron 20. Same, 1 archer.
Vigo: wood 35, iron 20. Can build 2 spearman (30w) + ... or 1 archer (20w, 10i). I'll go with 1 archer.

OK, my build list is fine. Let me finalize.

Hmm, actually, let me reconsider whether I should build in ALL these villages or focus. Building in 16 villages creates a lot of orders. But it's all valid and strengthens my position. Let me keep it.

Wait, one issue: the JSON might be too long. Let me count characters... The build list has 16 entries, each about 80 characters = ~1280 characters. Plus movements and plan/statement. Total maybe 2500 characters. The plan is limited to 600 characters. Let me keep the plan concise.

Let me write the final JSON now.

Actually, let me reconsider the plan one more time. I want to make sure I'm not missing something.

Key facts:
- I have 16 villages. Need 18 for 2 consecutive turns.
- Enemy has 8 villages (including capital).
- Sevilha is likely to fall next turn (enemy army attacking).
- Toledo is my strongest fortress, 1 turn from Cordoba and Badajoz.
- I can split Toledo's army to attack both simultaneously.
- Madrid can reinforce Salamanca for a follow-up attack.

Plan:
1. Split Toledo: 3s, 7a, 5k → Cordoba (37 vs 30). 7a, 4k → Badajoz (30 vs 25).
2. Madrid → Salamanca: 7a, 9k.
3. Build troops everywhere.
4. Next turn: Salamanca (now 7a, 13k, attack 66) → Porto (defense 38). Win. 18 villages by end of turn 24.
5. Hold through turn 25. Win.

This is my plan. Let me write it up.

One more thing: the "plan" field is a note to myself for next turn. I should write what I need to remember. Let me write:

"Split Toledo worked (or didn't). Cordoba and Badajoz should be mine. Salamanca has 7a/13k - send to Porto next. Build more troops. If Sevilha fell, retake it from Cordoba. Need 18 by end of turn 24, hold turn 25. Watch for enemy counterattacks on Cordoba and Badajoz."

That's about 300 characters. Good.

Statement: "I split Toledo's army to conquer Cordoba and Badajoz simultaneously. Madrid reinforces Salamanca for the third strike. Sevilha may fall, but I'll retake it. The path to 18 villages is set!"

Let me write the JSON.

Wait, I need to double-check the movement format. The example shows:
"movements": [ {"fromId": <id of one of YOUR villages>, "toId": <id of ANY other village - enemy or neutral to attack it, one of YOURS to reinforce it>, "troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}} ]

So each movement has fromId, toId, and troops with all three types. Let me make sure I include all three types in each movement, even if 0.

Movement 1: fromId 8, toId 11, troops: spearman 3, archer 7, knight 5
Movement 2: fromId 8, toId 4, troops: spearman 0, archer 7, knight 4
Movement 3: fromId 12, toId 7, troops: spearman 0, archer 7, knight 9

OK, let me write the final JSON.

Hmm, actually, I want to reconsider whether sending two armies from Toledo is valid. Let me think about this from a game design perspective. The "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" lists the total troops. If the game intended only one send per village, it would say so. The fact that it lists individual troop counts suggests you can choose any subset. And splitting into multiple sends is a natural extension.

But there's a risk it's not allowed and my order is rejected. In that case, I'd need to fall back to a single send. Let me think about what I'd do if the split is rejected.

If the split is rejected, I'd send Toledo's full army to Cordoba (67 vs 30, easy win) and Madrid to Salamanca. Then next turn, I'd attack Badajoz with Salamanca's reinforced army. That's the safe plan.

Hmm, but I can only submit one set of orders. If the split is rejected, I lose the turn entirely (or the game might just ignore the invalid order). That's a big risk.

Let me reconsider. Is there any indication in the rules that multiple sends from one village are allowed? Let me re-read...

"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."

This sentence implies that "sends" are the unit of movement. It talks about "different villages" sending troops, implying that each village can make a send. It doesn't say "each village can only send once." But it also doesn't explicitly allow multiple sends from one village.

The fact that the rules specifically mention "different villages" suggests that sends from the same village DO add up (they fight as one group). But if I send two groups from the same village to different targets, they'd fight at different targets, so the "add up" rule doesn't apply.

I think it's allowed, but I'm not 100% sure. Let me weigh the risk.

If I go with the safe plan (single send):
- Turn 22: Toledo → Cordoba (67 vs 30). Madrid → Salamanca.
- Turn 23: Cordoba mine. Salamanca has 66. Send Salamanca → Badajoz.
- Turn 24: Badajoz mine. If Sevilha fell: 17 villages. Send Salamanca (now at Badajoz) → Porto? Or set up another attack.
- Turn 25: Third conquest. 18 villages.
- Turn 26: Hold. WIN.

If I go with the split:
- Turn 22: Split Toledo to Cordoba and Badajoz. Madrid → Salamanca.
- Turn 23: Cordoba and Badajoz mine. If Sevilha fell: 17. Send Salamanca → Porto.
- Turn 24: Porto mine. 18 villages.
- Turn 25: Hold. WIN.

The split saves 1 turn. But if the split is rejected, I lose a turn and am in a worse position.

Hmm, let me think about this differently. What if I send Toledo's full army to Cordoba AND also send a separate army from another village to Badajoz? The problem is no other village has enough troops to take Badajoz in 1 turn.

What if I send Toledo's full army to Badajoz (easier target, 67 vs 25) and set up for Cordoba later? Then:
- Turn 22: Toledo → Badajoz. Madrid → Salamanca.
- Turn 23: Badajoz mine (17 or 16). Salamanca has 66. Send Salamanca → Toledo (1 turn, reinforcement).
- Turn 24: Toledo has 66 + original... wait, Toledo's army was sent to Badajoz. So Toledo has 0 troops. Salamanca's army arrives at Toledo, giving it 66 attack. Send Toledo → Cordoba (1 turn, 66 vs 30).
- Turn 25: Cordoba mine. 18 or 17. Need one more if Sevilha fell.
- Turn 26: Hold. WIN.

That's even slower.

OK, I think the split is the best option if it's allowed. Let me go with it. If it's not allowed, I'll see the result next turn and adapt.

Actually, wait. Let me re-read the rules one more time for any mention of multiple sends...

"Each troop type has a speed: spearman (slow), archer (medium), knight (fast). A MIXED army marches at the speed of its SLOWEST troop."

This talks about a "mixed army" - implying one army per send.

"The report shows travel time per speed (e.g. 'march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns')."

"Marching takes turns, and during those turns the enemy keeps building and moving."

I don't see any explicit prohibition on multiple sends from one village. I'll go with the split.

Actually, you know what, let me be more conservative. The split is risky for marginal gain (1 turn). Let me go with the safe plan: Toledo → Cordoba (full army), Madrid → Salamanca.

Wait, but then I need to think about what happens on turn 23. If Cordoba is mine and Salamanca is reinforced, I send Salamanca → Badajoz. But what if the enemy retakes Cordoba on turn 23? The enemy might attack Cordoba with their own armies. If Cordoba falls, I'm back to 16.

Hmm, but Cordoba would have my surviving troops as garrison (maybe 20+ troops). That's a strong defense. The enemy would need a strong army to retake it.

OK, let me go with the safe plan. It's more reliable.

Turn 22:
1. Toledo [8] → Cordoba [11]: 3 spearman, 14 archer, 9 knight (attack 67 vs 30)
2. Madrid [12] → Salamanca [7]: 7 archer, 9 knight
3. Build troops everywhere.

Turn 23 (next):
- Cordoba is mine (17 villages, or 16 if Sevilha fell).
- Salamanca has 4k + 7a + 9k = 7a, 13k (attack 66).
- Send Salamanca → Badajoz [4] (1 turn, 66 vs 25). Win.
- Also, from Cordoba, I could send troops to reinforce or attack Sevilha.
- Build more troops.

Turn 24:
- Badajoz is mine. If Sevilha fell: 16 + 1 (Cordoba) + 1 (Badajoz) = 18. Wait: 16 - 1 (Sevilha) + 1 (Cordoba) + 1 (Badajoz) = 17. Still need one more.
- Send another army to Porto or Coimbra.

Turn 25:
- Third conquest. 18 villages.
- Hold through turn 26. WIN.

Hmm, that's turn 26. With the split, it's turn 25. The difference is 1 turn.

Let me reconsider the split one more time. The key question: is splitting one village's troops into multiple sends allowed?

I think it should be allowed. The game describes "armies" as groups of troops marching together. There's no rule saying a village can only send one army per turn. The "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" is just a pool of troops you can choose to send.

Let me go with the split. It's the faster path to victory.

Final decision: SPLIT.

Turn 22 orders:
1. Toledo → Cordoba: 3s, 7a, 5k (attack 37 vs 30)
2. Toledo → Badajoz: 7a, 4k (attack 30 vs 25)
3. Madrid → Salamanca: 7a, 9k
4. Build in all villages.

Let me write the JSON now. For real this time.

Actually, hmm, one more consideration. When I send Toledo's troops to Cordoba and Badajoz, they march for 1 turn. During that turn, the enemy might also be moving. The enemy army attacking Sevilha arrives next turn. Also, the enemy might send troops to reinforce Cordoba or Badajoz.

But since orders are simultaneous, the enemy doesn't know I'm attacking Cordoba and Badajoz. They might send general reinforcements, but they can't specifically target my attack.

OK, I'm going with the split. Let me write the JSON.

Let me also think about whether I should send any troops to defend my own border villages. Murcia [15] is a border village adjacent to Cordoba [11]. It has 2 archer (defense 5). If I conquer Cordoba, Murcia is no longer a border village (Cordoba is now mine, blocking the enemy). But if the Cordoba attack fails, Murcia is still exposed.

I could send Murcia's 2 archer somewhere useful, but they're too few to matter. Let me leave them.

Vigo [10] is a border village adjacent to Porto [6]. It has 1 knight (defense 3). Also too few to matter.

Salamanca [7] is a border village adjacent to [3], [4], [6]. It has 4 knights. I'm keeping them for the combined attack next turn.

Sevilha [9] is a border village adjacent to [4], [5], [11]. It has 1s, 2a, 1k (defense 10). It's under attack. I can't reinforce it.

OK, let me write the JSON.

One last thing: should I include the build for Sevilha [9]? If Sevilha falls, the build order is wasted (the village is no longer mine). But orders are simultaneous, so the build happens regardless. If Sevilha falls, the build is lost. If Sevilha holds, the build is useful. Since I think Sevilha will fall, maybe I should skip the build there. But it's a small waste. Let me include it anyway - if Sevilha holds, it's a bonus.

Actually, the build is paid from Sevilha's resources. If Sevilha falls, the resources are lost anyway. So including the build doesn't hurt. Let me include it.

OK, final JSON:

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 15, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 14, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 19, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 12, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 13, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 10, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 8, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 7, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 9, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 8, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 7, "knight": 5}},
    {"fromId": 8, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 7, "knight": 4}},
    {"fromId": 12, "toId": 7, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 7, "knight": 9}}
  ],
  "plan": "Split Toledo: 3s/7a/5k to Cordoba (37 vs 30) and 7a/4k to Badajoz (30 vs 25), both arrive turn 23. Madrid's 7a/9k reinforces Salamanca (arrives turn 23, total 7a/13k = 66 attack). Next turn: send Salamanca to Porto (38 def, easy win) for 18th village by end of turn 24. Build knights/archers everywhere. Expect Sevilha to fall; retake from Cordoba later. Hold 18 through turn 25 to win.",
  "statement": "I'm splitting Toledo's elite force into two deadly prongs to conquer Cordoba and Badajoz simultaneously next turn. Madrid's army races to Salamanca to set up the third conquest. Sevilha may fall to the enemy, but I'll retake it. The path to 18 villages is set - the crown will be mine!"
}

Wait, I should double-check the plan length. Let me count: "Split Toledo: 3s/7a/5k to Cordoba (37 vs 30) and 7a/4k to Badajoz (30 vs 25), both arrive turn 23. Madrid's 7a/9k reinforces Salamanca (arrives turn 23, total 7a/13k = 66 attack). Next turn: send Salamanca to Porto (38 def, easy win) for 18th village by end of turn 24. Build knights/archers everywhere. Expect Sevilha to fall; retake from Cordoba later. Hold 18 through turn 25 to win."

That's about 530 characters. Under 600. ✓

Statement: "I'm splitting Toledo's elite force into two deadly prongs to conquer Cordoba and Badajoz simultaneously next turn. Madrid's army races to Salamanca to set up the third conquest. Sevilha may fall to the enemy, but I'll retake it. The path to 18 villages is set - the crown will be mine!"

That's about 340 characters. Good.

Let me finalize the JSON.

Hmm, actually, I want to reconsider one thing. The plan says "send Salamanca to Porto (38 def, easy win)". But Salamanca's army would be 7a, 13k (attack 66). Porto's defense is 38. 66 > 38, easy win. But wait, Porto's garrison is 1s, 7a, 7k. Most numerous: tie between archer and knight, breaks to archer (order: spearman, archer, knight). My most numerous: knight (13). Knight counters archer! So my attack is multiplied by 1.5: 66 * 1.5 = 99. vs 38. Overwhelming. 

But wait, I need to double-check the counter rule. "spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer." My most numerous is knight (13). Enemy's most numerous is archer (7, after tiebreak). Knight counters archer. So yes, I get 1.5x multiplier. Attack = 99 vs 38. Easy win.

Great, that's a solid plan.

But hmm, wait. If I send all of Salamanca's army (7a, 13k) to Porto, Salamanca becomes empty. Then if the enemy attacks Salamanca... but Salamanca is deep in my territory (surrounded by my villages). The enemy would need to go through Badajoz or Coimbra to reach it. If I've conquered Badajoz, the enemy's path is blocked.

OK, the plan is sound. Let me write the final JSON.

Actually, I just realized: I should double-check the counter for the Cordoba and Badajoz attacks too.

Cordoba attack (3s, 7a, 5k): My most numerous = archer (7). Enemy Cordoba (4s, 6a, 2k): most numerous = archer (6). Archer vs archer = no counter. Attack = 37.

Badajoz attack (7a, 4k): My most numerous = archer (7). Enemy Badajoz (8a, 2k): most numerous = archer (8). Archer vs archer = no counter. Attack = 30.

Both correct. No counter bonus.

OK, final JSON. Let me write it cleanly.

One more thought: should I build in Sevilha [9]? If Sevilha falls this turn, the build is wasted. But the build is paid from Sevilha's resources, which would also be lost if Sevilha falls. So it doesn't matter. Let me include it.

Actually, hmm, if Sevilha falls, does the enemy get the resources? I think the resources are per village and stay with the village. So if Sevilha falls, the enemy gets the village with its resources. My build order would be... hmm, if I no longer own Sevilha, can I still build there? The orders are simultaneous, so I write the build order based on the current snapshot where I own Sevilha. But if the enemy conquers it simultaneously, the build might not happen.

This is ambiguous. Let me just include the build and see what happens. If it fails, no big loss.

OK, truly final JSON now.

Let me reconsider the builds one more time. I have 16 build orders. That's a lot. Let me make sure I'm not overthinking and just submit them.

Actually, let me reconsider whether building a knight in Toledo [8] makes sense. I'm sending ALL of Toledo's troops away. After the send, Toledo has 0 troops. Building 1 knight gives it 1 knight at home. That's a weak defense (1 knight = 2 defense * 1.25 = 2.5 effective). But it's better than 0. And the knight costs 30w, 30i, and Toledo has 30w, 40i. So it can afford it. ✓

Similarly for Madrid [12]: building 1 archer (20w, 10i) with 30w, 20i. ✓

OK, let me write the JSON.

Wait, I want to reconsider whether I should build in every single village or focus on a few. Building in all villages spreads my production capacity. But it also creates many orders. Since the game allows empty lists and many orders, I'll include all of them.

Actually, let me reconsider the builds for villages that are sending troops away. If Madrid sends 7a, 9k and builds 1a, then after the turn Madrid has 1a at home. Next turn, Madrid can build more. This is fine.

OK, truly final JSON:

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 15, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 14, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 19, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 12, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 13, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 10, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 8, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 7, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 9, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 8, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 7, "knight": 5}},
    {"fromId": 8, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 7, "knight": 4}},
    {"fromId": 12, "toId": 7, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 7, "knight": 9}}
  ],
  "plan": "Split Toledo: 3s/7a/5k to Cordoba (37 vs 30) and 7a/4k to Badajoz (30 vs 25), both arrive turn 23. Madrid 7a/9k reinforces Salamanca (arrives turn 23, total 7a/13k = 66 attack w/ knight counter vs Porto). Next turn: Salamanca to Porto for 18th village by end of turn 24. Build knights/archers everywhere. Expect Sevilha to fall; retake from Cordoba later. Hold 18 through turn 25 to win.",
  "statement": "I'm splitting Toledo's elite force into two deadly prongs to conquer Cordoba and Badajoz simultaneously next turn. Madrid's army races to Salamanca to set up the third conquest. Sevilha may fall to the enemy, but I'll retake it from Cordoba. The path to 18 villages is set - the crown will be mine!"
}

Hmm wait, I want to double-check one thing. The plan says "total 7a/13k = 66 attack w/ knight counter vs Porto". Let me verify: Salamanca has 4 knights. Madrid sends 7 archer, 9 knight. Total at Salamanca: 7 archer, 13 knight. Attack = 7*2 + 13*4 = 14 + 52 = 66. vs Porto (1s, 7a, 7k, defense 38). My most numerous: knight (13). Enemy most numerous: archer (7, after tiebreak with knight). Knight counters archer → 1.5x multiplier. Effective attack = 66 * 1.5 = 99. vs 38. Overwhelming win. ✓

OK, the plan is solid. Let me submit.

Actually, one more sanity check on the split. Toledo has 3 spearman, 14 archer, 9 knight available. I'm sending:
- To Cordoba: 3 spearman, 7 archer, 5 knight
- To Badajoz: 0 spearman, 7 archer, 4 knight
Total: 3 spearman, 14 archer, 9 knight. ✓ Exactly matches.

Madrid has 0 spearman, 7 archer, 9 knight available. I'm sending 0, 7, 9. ✓

Great, let me submit the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"cavaleiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":8,"destinoId":11,"tropas":{"lanceiro":3,"arqueiro":7,"cavaleiro":5}},{"origemId":8,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":7,"cavaleiro":4}},{"origemId":12,"destinoId":7,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":7,"cavaleiro":9}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [15]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [17]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [17]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [14]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [20]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [19]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [22]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [12]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [13]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [16]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [18]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [10]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [8]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [7]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [9]
ACEITO envio [8]->[11]: 3S+7A+5K
ACEITO envio [8]->[4]: 7A+4K
ACEITO envio [12]->[7]: 7A+9K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Split Toledo: 3s/7a/5k to Cordoba (attack 37 vs def 30) and 7a/4k to Badajoz (attack 30 vs def 25), both arrive turn 23. Madrid's 7a/9k reinforces Salamanca (arrives turn 23, total 7a/13k = 66 attack with knight counter vs Porto's 38 def). Next turn: send Salamanca to Porto for the 18th village by end of turn 24. Build knights and archers everywhere to replenish. Expect Sevilha to fall to the enemy army; retake it later from Cordoba. Hold 18 villages through turn 25 to win.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): I'm splitting Toledo's elite force into two deadly prongs to conquer Cordoba and Badajoz simultaneously next turn. Madrid's army races to Salamanca to set up the third conquest against Porto. Sevilha may fall to the enemy, but I'll retake it from Cordoba. The path to 18 villages is set — the crown will be mine!
COMBATE-ESTRADA no trecho [7] Salamanca-[12] Madrid: A (ia [7] Salamanca->[12] Madrid) vs B (ia [12] Madrid->[7] Salamanca) Fatk=25 (ef 25) Fdef=28 (ef 42) vant=-1 -> vence B | exercito de A ANIQUILADO (5S+8A+1K) | vencedor perdeu 2
COMBATE [11] Cordoba: atacante A Fatk=30 (ef 30) Fdef=2 (ef 4) vant=-1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~2
REFORCO [6] Porto dono A: 5A+4K
COMBATE [11] Cordoba: atacante B Fatk=8 (ef 8) Fdef=28 (ef 35) vant=0 -> vence defensor | baixas~3
COMBATE [9] Sevilha: atacante B Fatk=18 (ef 18) Fdef=10 (ef 19) vant=-1 -> vence defensor | baixas~5
COMBATE [7] Salamanca: atacante B Fatk=20 (ef 20) Fdef=4 (ef 5) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~3
COMBATE [6] Porto: atacante B Fatk=29 (ef 29) Fdef=44 (ef 55) vant=0 -> vence defensor | baixas~12
COMBATE [9] Sevilha: atacante B Fatk=13 (ef 13) Fdef=6 (ef 11) vant=-1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~6
COMBATE [8] Toledo: atacante B Fatk=69 (ef 69) Fdef=4 (ef 8) vant=-1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~4
REFORCO [12] Madrid dono B: 5A+5K
REFORCO [12] Madrid dono B: 2A+2K
REFORCO [13] Teruel dono B: 1S+2A+3K
COMBATE [11] Cordoba: atacante B Fatk=7 (ef 7) Fdef=26 (ef 49) vant=-1 -> vence defensor | baixas~2
placar: A 8 ald/tropas 46 | B 16 ald/tropas 95 | neutras 0 | transito 9 (A 6 | B 3)

########## TURNO 23 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 5057 | resposta 37864 | raciocinio 30041 | finish stop | ms 396618
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 9, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 15, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 3, \"toId\": 7, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 11, \"knight\": 8}},\n    {\"fromId\": 4, \"toId\": 8, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 4, \"knight\": 4}},\n    {\"fromId\": 15, \"toId\": 16, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 1, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 5, \"toId\": 9, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 5}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Take Salamanca (Coimbra), Toledo (Badajoz), Valencia (Murcia) this turn — reach 12 villages. Reinforce Sevilha with Faro's army; attack Cordoba next turn. Build knights in all villages. Then push: Madrid from Salamanca, Vigo from Porto, Burgos/Zaragoza from Madrid. Target 18 by turn 28.\",\n  \"statement\": \"Three fronts struck today: Salamanca fell to Coimbra's host, Toledo to Badajoz, Valencia to Murcia. Faro's entire army marched to Sevilha to ready the strike on Cordoba. I ordered knights built in every village to replenish the ranks. Twelve villages are mine now — the road north to Madrid and Zaragoza lies open.\"\n}"
raciocinio: Let me analyze the situation carefully.

Current state:
- I hold 9 villages: [0] Lisboa, [1] Santarem, [2] Evora, [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz, [5] Faro, [6] Porto, [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia
- Need 18 of 24 to win (75%)
- Enemy (King B) holds: [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [10] Vigo, [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [14] Burgos, [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona, [23] Girona = 15 villages. Wait, that's 9 + 15 = 24. Let me recount.

My villages: 0,1,2,3,4,5,6,9,15 = 9
Enemy known: 7,8,10,11,12,13,14,16,17,18 = 10
Unexplored: 19,20,21,22,23 = 5
Total: 9+10+5 = 24. Good.

So enemy has 10 known + 5 unexplored = 15. I need to take 9 more to reach 18.

Wait, but last turn I lost [11] Cordoba and [4] Badajoz... but then I retook them. Let me re-read.

"What happened last turn":
- King B attacked MY [11] Cordoba... the village FELL. So I lost Cordoba.
- King B attacked MY [4] Badajoz... the village FELL. Lost Badajoz.
- Then I attacked [9] Sevilha: VICTORY, conquered. (It was already mine? Hmm, it says "you attacked [9] Sevilha" and conquered it.)
- I attacked [4] Badajoz: VICTORY, conquered. Retook it.
- I attacked [7] Salamanca: DEFEAT.
- I attacked [10] Vigo: DEFEAT.
- I attacked [15] Murcia: VICTORY, conquered.

So current holdings per the "YOUR VILLAGES" list: 0,1,2,3,4,5,6,9,15 = 9 villages. Cordoba [11] is enemy again.

Wait, but the "YOUR VILLAGES" list says I hold [4] Badajoz with 8 troops. And [9] Sevilha with 8 troops. And [15] Murcia with 4 troops. And [3] Coimbra with 20 troops. OK.

So current: 9 villages. Need 18. Need 9 more.

Enemy villages visible: [7] Salamanca (4 archers, 9 knights, defense 33), [8] Toledo (1 knight, defense 3), [10] Vigo (1 archer, 1 knight, defense 5), [11] Cordoba (2 spearmen, 5 archers, 4 knights, defense 28), [16] Valencia (1 archer, 1 knight, defense 5).

Last seen: [12] Madrid (7 knights), [13] Teruel (3 spearmen, 15 archers, 9 knights), [14] Burgos (1 archer, 1 knight), [17] Zaragoza (1 knight), [18] Castellon (2 spearmen, 6 archers, 1 knight).

Weak targets: [8] Toledo (defense 3, 1 knight), [10] Vigo (defense 5), [16] Valencia (defense 5), [14] Burgos (1 archer, 1 knight).

Let me think about my troops:
- [0] Lisboa: 1 archer. wood 40, iron 30.
- [1] Santarem: 1 knight. wood 30, iron 60.
- [2] Evora: 8 troops (2 archer, 6 knight). wood 30, iron 40.
- [3] Coimbra: 20 troops (12 archer, 8 knight). wood 30, iron 130.
- [4] Badajoz: 8 troops (4 archer, 4 knight). wood 30, iron 60.
- [5] Faro: 12 troops (4 spearman, 3 archer, 5 knight). wood 30, iron 60.
- [6] Porto: 1 knight. wood 35, iron 130.
- [9] Sevilha: 8 troops (3 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight). wood 40, iron 20.
- [15] Murcia: 4 troops (1 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight). wood 30, iron 60.

Total troops: 63.

Now, the goal: hold 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.

Let me think about which villages to target. The easiest captures:
- [8] Toledo: defense 3, garrison 1 knight. Attack from [4] Badajoz (1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn).
- [10] Vigo: defense 5, garrison 1 archer, 1 knight. From [6] Porto.
- [16] Valencia: defense 5, garrison 1 archer, 1 knight. From [15] Murcia.
- [14] Burgos: last seen 1 archer, 1 knight. From [6] Porto: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns.

But wait, the enemy also builds and moves. And neutral villages harden... but there are no neutral villages here apparently (all are either mine or enemy).

Let me plan an offensive. I need 9 more villages. Let's target the weak ones first: Toledo [8], Vigo [10], Valencia [16]. Then push deeper.

Let me think about combat math. Attack power vs defense.

For [8] Toledo: defense 3, 1 knight. If I attack with, say, 4 archers + 4 knights from Badajoz (attack power: archers 2 each = 8, knights 4 each = 16, total 24). Most numerous type: tie between archer and knight (4 each) → ties break in order spearman, archer, knight → archer wins. So counter matchup: archer counters spearman. No spearman present, so no bonus. Effective force 24 vs defense 3. Win easily. Loser (defense 3) destroyed; winner loses half of loser's effective force = 1.5, spread over types. So I'd lose ~1-2 troops.

Actually, wait. Let me re-read: "The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force". Loser's effective force = 3 (the defense value). Half = 1.5. So winner loses troops worth 1.5 of force. Hmm, how is that computed? "spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself."

I think it means the winner loses troops whose total attack value ≈ half the loser's effective force. So losing 1.5 attack worth. Probably 1 archer (attack 2) or something. Anyway, small losses.

Let me plan movements:

From [4] Badajoz (8 troops: 4 archer, 4 knight) → attack [8] Toledo. That's a good move. But Badajoz is a border village; if I empty it, it's undefended. Hmm, but the enemy would need to attack it. Salamanca [7] is adjacent to Badajoz. Risky but let's consider.

Actually, let me think about the bigger picture. I have 9 villages, need 18. The enemy has 15. To win by elimination I'd need to take all 15. To win by holding 18 for 2 turns, I need 9 more.

Let me count reachable villages. Enemy villages adjacent to mine:
- [3] Coimbra → [7] Salamanca
- [4] Badajoz → [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha (mine), [11] Cordoba? Let me check road network: [4] Badajoz: [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. So Badajoz connects to 7, 8. And [9] Sevilha connects to [4], [5], [11]. So to reach Cordoba [11], I'd go through Sevilha [9] which is mine. So from Sevilha I can attack Cordoba.
- [6] Porto → [7] Salamanca, [10] Vigo
- [9] Sevilha → [11] Cordoba
- [15] Murcia → [11] Cordoba, [16] Valencia

So attackable enemy villages this turn: [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [10] Vigo, [11] Cordoba, [16] Valencia.

Plan: 
- Send Badajoz's army to take Toledo [8] (weak, defense 3).
- Send Porto's knight to take Vigo [10] (defense 5). Porto has 1 knight (attack 4) vs defense 5... knight attack 4 vs defense 5 → 4 < 5, lose. Hmm. Need more.
- Send Murcia's troops to take Valencia [16] (defense 5). Murcia has 1 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight: attack = 1 + 4 + 4 = 9 vs defense 5. Win. Counter: most numerous is archer (2) → archer counters spearman, no bonus. 9 > 5, win.
- Send Sevilha's troops + maybe Faro's to take Cordoba [11] (defense 28, 2 spearmen, 5 archer, 4 knights). That's tough.
- Coimbra's 20 troops (12 archer, 8 knight) attack Salamanca [7] (defense 33, 4 archer, 9 knight). Attack = 12*2 + 8*4 = 24+32 = 56 vs 33. Most numerous: archer (12) vs... defender most numerous is knight (9). Archer counters spearman, not knight. No bonus. 56 > 33, win. But losses: half of 33 = 16.5 attack worth lost. Hmm, that's significant. But Salamanca is a big prize.

Actually wait, let me reconsider. Salamanca defense 33 is high. But with 56 attack I win. Losses ~16.5 force. If I lose, say, 4 knights (16) + ... hmm.

Let me think about the counter bonus more. If my most numerous type counters the defender's most numerous type, I get 1.5x. Defender at Salamanca: 4 archers, 9 knights → most numerous knight. My army 12 archers, 8 knights → most numerous archer. Archer vs knight? The counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. So archer does NOT counter knight. No bonus.

What if I add spearmen? If I send spearmen to make spearmen the most numerous... spearman counters knight. Then 1.5x bonus. But spearmen have low attack.

Alternatively, send from Coimbra: 12 archers + 8 knights = 56 attack. vs 33. Win with losses ~16.5.

Let me think about what's most efficient. Actually, let me prioritize: I need 9 villages. Let me take the easy ones first and build up.

Priority targets: Toledo [8] (def 3), Vigo [10] (def 5), Valencia [16] (def 5). That's 3 villages. Then from those, I can push further: from Toledo [8] → [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel. From Vigo [10] → [14] Burgos. From Valencia [16] → [13] Teruel, [18] Castellon.

But wait, movement takes turns. Let me think about a multi-turn plan.

Actually, an important consideration: I need to hold 18 for 2 consecutive turns. So I need to capture and hold.

Let me also consider building. Each village produces resources. I should build troops to replenish.

Let me check what each village can build:
- [0] Lisboa: wood 40, iron 30. Can build: spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) → 2 max; archer (20 wood, 10 iron) → 2 max (40 wood, 20 iron); knight (30 wood, 30 iron) → 1 max (30 wood, 30 iron). Currently 1 archer at home, cap 300.
- [1] Santarem: wood 30, iron 60. knight: 30 wood, 30 iron → 1 knight. Or archers: 20 wood, 10 iron → 1 archer (20 wood) or... 30 wood allows 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Actually 2 archers = 40 wood, too much. So 1 archer or 1 knight.
- [2] Evora: wood 30, iron 40. knight: 30 wood, 30 iron → 1 knight. archer: 20 wood, 10 iron → 1 archer (leaving 10 wood, 30 iron). Could do 1 knight (30/30) leaving 0 wood, 10 iron.
- [3] Coimbra: wood 30, iron 130. knight: 30 wood, 30 iron → 1 knight. archer: 20 wood, 10 iron → 1 archer. spearman: 15 wood → 2 spearmen (30 wood). Could do 2 spearmen + 1 archer = 30+20=50 wood, too much. So 2 spearmen (30 wood, 0 iron) or 1 archer + ... 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 35 wood, too much. So: 2 spearmen, or 1 archer, or 1 knight.
- [4] Badajoz: wood 30, iron 60. 1 knight (30/30) or 1 archer (20/10) or 2 spearmen (30/0).
- [5] Faro: wood 30, iron 60. Same.
- [6] Porto: wood 35, iron 130. 1 knight (30/30) + 1 archer (20/10) = 50 wood too much. So 1 knight (30/30) or 1 archer (20/10) or 2 spearmen (30/0) + ... 2 spearmen (30 wood) leaves 5 wood, 130 iron. Or 1 knight + ... no. Let's say 1 knight or 2 spearmen or 1 archer.
- [9] Sevilha: wood 40, iron 20. archer: 20 wood, 10 iron → 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Or 2 spearmen (30 wood) + ... Or 1 knight needs 30 iron, only 20. So 2 archers or 2 spearmen + 1 archer? 2 spearmen (30 wood) + 1 archer (20 wood) = 50 wood, too much. So 2 archers (40/20) or 2 spearmen (30/0) or 1 archer (20/10).
- [15] Murcia: wood 30, iron 60. 1 knight or 1 archer or 2 spearmen.

Hmm, building is limited by resources per village. Let me focus on the most impactful builds.

Actually, let me reconsider the strategy. The key question: can I win by holding 18 for 2 turns? I need to capture 9 villages and hold them.

Let me think about the enemy's strength. Enemy has 15 villages. Their known garrisons:
- [7] Salamanca: 4 archers, 9 knights (def 33)
- [8] Toledo: 1 knight (def 3)
- [10] Vigo: 1 archer, 1 knight (def 5)
- [11] Cordoba: 2 spearmen, 5 archers, 4 knights (def 28)
- [12] Madrid: 7 knights (last seen)
- [13] Teruel: 3 spearmen, 15 archers, 9 knights (last seen)
- [14] Burgos: 1 archer, 1 knight (last seen)
- [16] Valencia: 1 archer, 1 knight (def 5)
- [17] Zaragoza: 1 knight (last seen)
- [18] Castellon: 2 spearmen, 6 archers, 1 knight (last seen)
- [19-23] unknown (including enemy capital Barcelona)

The enemy is spread thin. Many villages have only 1-2 troops. 

My total: 63 troops. That's a lot. Let me plan a big push.

Plan for this turn:
1. Coimbra (20 troops: 12 archer, 8 knight) → attack Salamanca [7]. Attack 56 vs def 33. Win, but lose ~16.5. Hmm, that leaves me ~30 troops in Salamanca. Then from Salamanca I can push to Madrid [12] and Burgos [14].

Actually wait. Let me reconsider. Is it better to attack Salamanca or to build up first?

Actually, let me reconsider the loss calculation. "The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types". Loser's effective force = defender's effective defense = 33. Half = 16.5. So winner loses troops worth 16.5 attack. That's like 4 knights (16) or 8 archers (16) or a mix. That's a big loss from a 20-troop army. But I'd still have ~12-16 troops left in Salamanca, and Salamanca becomes mine with those troops.

Hmm, but actually the loss is "spread over its troop types" — proportional to my army composition? My army: 12 archers (attack 24) + 8 knights (attack 32) = 56. Loss of 16.5 out of 56 = ~29% loss. Proportionally: archers lose 29% of 12 = 3.5, knights lose 29% of 8 = 2.3. So maybe 3-4 archers and 2-3 knights lost. Leaving ~8 archers, ~5 knights = 13 troops. That's decent for a garrison of Salamanca (def 33).

Alternatively, I could attack with a spearman-heavy army to get the counter bonus. If I send spearmen as the most numerous type, and defender's most numerous is knight, spearman counters knight → 1.5x bonus. But spearmen have attack 1, so it's less efficient.

Let me compute: if I send, say, 10 spearmen + some knights. Attack = 10*1 + knights*4. With 1.5x bonus. To beat 33: (10 + 4k)*1.5 > 33 → 10+4k > 22 → 4k > 12 → k > 3. So 10 spearmen + 4 knights = attack 26, ×1.5 = 39 > 33. Win. Losses = half of 33 = 16.5 again (loss depends on loser, not winner size). So same loss but I used more troops. Not better.

Actually wait, the loss is half the loser's effective force regardless. So bigger winning army loses the same absolute amount, which is a smaller share. So using a bigger army is better (smaller share lost). So I should send big armies.

OK so the loss from taking Salamanca is fixed at ~16.5 attack worth regardless of army size. So sending a huge army means I lose a small share. Good.

But actually, hmm, let me reconsider. Is Salamanca worth it? It's a strong village (def 33). Taking it opens paths to Madrid [12] and Burgos [14]. But it costs ~16.5 troops.

Alternatively, take Toledo [8] (def 3): loss ~1.5. Much cheaper. And Toledo opens paths to Cordoba [11], Madrid [12], Teruel [13].

Let me think about the sequence. I need 9 villages. Let me count the easy ones: Toledo, Vigo, Valencia, Burgos, Zaragoza, Castellon, Madrid, Teruel, Cordoba... that's 9 already, but some are strong (Cordoba def 28, Teruel def ~33+).

Actually let me reconsider: the win condition is holding 18 for 2 consecutive turns OR eliminating every enemy village. The "hold 18" seems more achievable.

Let me plan a multi-turn campaign:

Turn 24 (this turn): 
- Coimbra → Salamanca (big attack, win, take it)
- Badajoz → Toledo (take it, cheap)
- Porto → Vigo (need enough troops; Porto only has 1 knight, attack 4 < def 5. Lose. Need to send more from elsewhere, but Porto is the only adjacent village to Vigo... actually [10] Vigo connects to [6] Porto and [14] Burgos. So only from Porto.)
- Murcia → Valencia (Murcia has 1 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight = attack 9 > def 5, win)
- Sevilha → Cordoba? Sevilha has 3 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight = attack 3+8+4 = 15 vs Cordoba def 28. Lose. Need reinforcements from Faro [5] (4 spearman, 3 archer, 5 knight = attack 4+6+20 = 30). Combined... but troops from different villages fight separately! "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."

Hmm, that's a critical rule. So I can't combine armies from different villages for a single attack. Each send fights alone.

Wait, but I can send troops to a village I own first (reinforce), then send from there. E.g., send Faro's troops to Sevilha (1 turn), they arrive and join garrison, then next turn send the combined army to Cordoba.

OK so let me plan carefully.

Current adjacent attacks possible this turn:
1. Coimbra [3] → Salamanca [7]: 12 archer + 8 knight, attack 56 vs def 33. WIN.
2. Badajoz [4] → Toledo [8]: 4 archer + 4 knight, attack 8+16 = 24 vs def 3. WIN (easy).
3. Porto [6] → Vigo [10]: 1 knight, attack 4 vs def 5. LOSE.
4. Porto [6] → Salamanca [7]: 1 knight vs def 33. LOSE.
5. Sevilha [9] → Cordoba [11]: 3 spearman + 4 archer + 1 knight = 15 vs def 28. LOSE.
6. Murcia [15] → Valencia [16]: 1 spearman + 2 archer + 1 knight = 9 vs def 5. WIN.
7. Murcia [15] → Cordoba [11]: 1 spearman + 2 archer + 1 knight = 9 vs def 28. LOSE.

Also I can reinforce my own villages:
- Send troops from [0] Lisboa → [3] Coimbra (via [1] Santarem? road: [0] Lisboa: [1], [2]. So from Lisboa to Coimbra: Lisboa→Santarem→Coimbra. That's 2 slow turns? "from here to your nearest border village [3] Coimbra: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Lisboa. So Lisboa→Coimbra takes 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns depending on troop type.

Hmm wait, the report says for [0] Lisboa: "from here to your nearest border village [3] Coimbra: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So the distance is 2 slow-turns. If I send archers (medium), it takes 1 turn? That seems odd. Let me re-read: "march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns". So the format is X slow / Y medium / Z fast turns. For Lisboa→Coimbra: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. So medium troops take 1 turn, fast troops take 1 turn, slow take 2 turns. Hmm, that means the distance is 1 "medium" unit of travel. OK.

Wait, but the path Lisboa → Santarem → Coimbra. If medium takes 1 turn and slow takes 2, then... the road distance is such that medium speed covers it in 1 turn. Fine.

Hmm, actually wait. Let me re-read: "from here to your nearest border village [3] Coimbra: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". This is the march time to the nearest border village. So sending medium or fast troops from Lisboa to Coimbra takes 1 turn. Sending slow takes 2 turns.

OK. Let me now think about what to send where.

Key insight: I should send troops to reinforce front-line villages so they can launch bigger attacks next turn.

Let me think about the plan over several turns:

Goal: capture Toledo, Vigo, Valencia, then push to Cordoba, Madrid, Burgos, Teruel, Castellon, Zaragoza.

This turn's orders:
1. [3] Coimbra → [7] Salamanca: send 12 archer + 8 knight (all 20 troops). Attack 56 vs 33, win. Take Salamanca. Losses ~16.5 → maybe lose ~4 archers, ~3 knights, leaving ~8 archers, ~5 knights in Salamanca.

Hmm, but if I send ALL of Coimbra's troops, Coimbra becomes empty. Coimbra is a border village adjacent to Salamanca (which I'd be attacking). If the attack succeeds, the surviving attackers stay in Salamanca. Coimbra would be empty but it's interior-ish... actually Coimbra is on the border with Salamanca. If I take Salamanca, then Coimbra's new border is... Salamanca becomes mine, so Coimbra is now interior (its only enemy neighbor was Salamanca). Wait, Coimbra connects to [1] Santarem (mine), [6] Porto (mine), [7] Salamanca. So if Salamanca becomes mine, Coimbra is fully interior. 

But there's a risk: if the attack fails, my whole army is destroyed and Coimbra is empty with an enemy neighbor. But attack 56 vs 33 should win.

Actually, hmm, wait. Let me reconsider. Should I attack Salamanca this turn or build up first? The enemy is also building. Let me think about what the enemy might do. The enemy's last actions: they attacked Cordoba and Badajoz (both of which I retook). They reinforced Salamanca. 

Given the fog, I don't know the enemy's current orders. But they'll likely defend and build.

Let me think about whether taking Salamanca now is good. It's expensive (~16.5 loss) but it's a major village and opens the path north to Madrid and Burgos. Alternatively, I could take Toledo first (cheap) and use it to attack Cordoba and Madrid.

Actually, here's a thought: I could do BOTH Coimbra→Salamanca and Badajoz→Toledo this turn. Badajoz→Toledo: 4 archer + 4 knight, attack 24 vs def 3. Win, loss ~1.5. Then Toledo becomes mine with ~7 troops, and from Toledo I can attack Cordoba [11] (def 28) next turn... 7 troops (3 archer, 3 knight?) attack 18 vs 28, lose. Hmm, need more.

Let me think about a cleaner plan. Let me focus on the southern/eastern front: Sevilha, Murcia, Faro → take Cordoba, Valencia, then push east.

Actually, let me reconsider the whole map. Let me list all villages and their status:

Mine (9): Lisboa(0), Santarem(1), Evora(2), Coimbra(3), Badajoz(4), Faro(5), Porto(6), Sevilha(9), Murcia(15)
Enemy (known, 10): Salamanca(7), Toledo(8), Vigo(10), Cordoba(11), Madrid(12), Teruel(13), Burgos(14), Valencia(16), Zaragoza(17), Castellon(18)
Unknown (5): Pamplona(19), Huesca(20), Tarragona(21), Barcelona(22, capital), Girona(23)

To reach 18, I need 9 of the 15 enemy villages.

The unknown ones (19-23) are far north/east, behind many enemy villages. Reaching Barcelona would require taking Zaragoza, Tarragona, etc. That's a long campaign.

Let me focus on the near term: take Toledo, Vigo, Valencia, Cordoba, Madrid, Burgos, Zaragoza, Castellon, Teruel = 9 villages. That would give me 18 total! And these are all in the known region.

But some are strong: Cordoba (def 28), Teruel (def ~33, 3 spearmen, 15 archers, 9 knights — that's a lot), Madrid (7 knights last seen).

Hmm, Teruel with 27 troops is a big garrison. Let me set that aside for later.

Let me plan the order:
1. Take Toledo [8] (easy, from Badajoz)
2. Take Valencia [16] (easy, from Murcia)
3. Take Vigo [10] (need bigger army from Porto; reinforce Porto first)
4. Take Cordoba [11] (from Sevilha, need reinforcements from Faro)
5. Take Madrid [12] (from Toledo or Salamanca)
6. Take Burgos [14] (from Vigo)
7. Take Zaragoza [17], Castellon [18], Teruel [13] later

Let me think about this turn's moves:

Move A: Badajoz [4] → Toledo [8]: send 4 archer + 4 knight (all 8). Attack 24 vs def 3. WIN. Loss ~1.5. Toledo garrison ~7 troops.

Hmm, but then Badajoz is empty. Badajoz connects to [1] Santarem (mine), [5] Faro (mine), [7] Salamanca (enemy), [8] Toledo (becomes mine), [9] Sevilha (mine). So after taking Toledo, Badajoz's enemy neighbors are just Salamanca [7]. If the enemy attacks Badajoz... it's a risk but Badajoz would be empty. Hmm.

Actually, maybe I should keep some troops in Badajoz. But Badajoz only has 8 troops. Let me think.

Alternative: send only part of Badajoz to Toledo, keep some for defense. But Toledo's def is 3, so even 3 archers (attack 6) would win. Let me send 3 archer + 2 knight from Badajoz to Toledo (attack 6+8 = 14 vs 3, win, loss ~1.5). Keep 1 archer + 2 knight in Badajoz. Hmm, but that leaves Badajoz with 3 troops which is weak against Salamanca (def 33).

Actually, you know what, let me not over-think defense. The enemy would need to gather an army to attack Badajoz, and they just lost troops. Let me focus on offense.

Move B: Murcia [15] → Valencia [16]: send 1 spearman + 2 archer + 1 knight (all 4). Attack 9 vs def 5. WIN. Loss ~2.5. Valencia garrison ~2-3 troops.

Hmm, that leaves Murcia empty. Murcia connects to [11] Cordoba (enemy), [16] Valencia (becomes mine). After taking Valencia, Murcia is interior. OK.

Move C: Porto [6] → Vigo [10]: 1 knight, attack 4 vs def 5. LOSE. So I need to reinforce Porto first. Where from? Porto connects to [3] Coimbra (mine), [7] Salamanca (enemy), [10] Vigo (enemy). So I can send troops from Coimbra to Porto. Coimbra → Porto: let me check the march times. The report says for Porto: "from here to your nearest border village [3] Coimbra: ... " hmm, actually the report gives march times from each village to its nearest border village. Let me look: [6] Porto doesn't have a "from here to nearest border" line in the report... actually it does? Let me re-read.

"[6] Porto | BORDER with [7], [10] (enemy) | wood 35 (+30/turn) | iron 130 (+20/turn) | effective defense (location bonus included): 3 | troops at home: 1 / 300
    AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight (attack power if all sent: 4)
    from here to your nearest border village [3] Coimbra: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"

Hmm, that "from here to your nearest border village" seems to be a generic line. Actually wait, Porto IS a border village. Let me re-read the structure. For [0] Lisboa (interior): "from here to your nearest border village [3] Coimbra: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". For [6] Porto (border): "from here to your nearest border village [3] Coimbra: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? That doesn't make sense for a border village.

Hmm, actually looking again at the report text:
"[6] Porto | BORDER with [7], [10] (enemy) | wood 35 (+30/turn) | iron 130 (+20/turn) | effective defense (location bonus included): 3 | troops at home: 1 / 300
    AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight (attack power if all sent: 4)
    from here to your nearest border village [3] Coimbra: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"

Hmm wait, actually I need to re-read the original. Let me look at the raw text again:

"[6] Porto | BORDER with [7], [10] (enemy) | wood 35 (+30/turn) | iron 130 (+20/turn) | effective defense (location bonus included): 3 | troops at home: 1 / 300
    AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight (attack power if all sent: 4)
    from here to your nearest border village [3] Coimbra: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"

Hmm, that line about "from here to your nearest border village [3] Coimbra" appears for Porto too? That's weird. Let me re-read the original text more carefully.

Actually, looking at the original:
```
[6] Porto | BORDER with [7], [10] (enemy) | wood 35 (+30/turn) | iron 130 (+20/turn) | effective defense (location bonus included): 3 | troops at home: 1 / 300
    AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight (attack power if all sent: 4)
    from here to your nearest border village [3] Coimbra: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns
```

Hmm, that's odd. Porto to Coimbra: road [6] Porto - [3] Coimbra exists. So 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. OK, that's the distance between Porto and Coimbra (they're directly connected by road).

Wait, but for Lisboa [0], it says "from here to your nearest border village [3] Coimbra: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". Lisboa to Coimbra isn't directly connected (Lisboa connects to [1] Santarem and [2] Evora). So the path Lisboa → Santarem → Coimbra is 2 road segments. And Porto → Coimbra is 1 road segment but also 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast? That's inconsistent unless the timing is the same.

Hmm, maybe I'm misreading. Let me look at the original text once more:

```
[0] Lisboa - YOUR CAPITAL | INTERIOR (no enemy border) | wood 40 (+30/turn) | iron 30 (+20/turn) | effective defense (location bonus included): 3 | troops at home: 1 / 300
    AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight (attack power if all sent: 2)
    from here to your nearest border village [3] Coimbra: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns
[1] Santarem | INTERIOR (no enemy border) | wood 30 (+30/turn) | iron 60 (+20/turn) | effective defense (location bonus included): 3 | troops at home: 1 / 300
    AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight (attack power if all sent: 4)
    from here to your nearest border village [3] Coimbra: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns
[2] Evora | INTERIOR (no enemy border) | wood 30 (+30/turn) | iron 40 (+20/turn) | effective defense (location bonus included): 20 | troops at home: 8 / 300
    AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 2 archer, 6 knight (attack power if all sent: 28)
    from here to your nearest border village [4] Badajoz: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns
[3] Coimbra | BORDER with [7] (enemy) | wood 30 (+30/turn) | iron 130 (+20/turn) | effective defense (location bonus included): 50 | troops at home: 20 / 300
    AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 12 archer, 8 knight (attack power if all sent: 56)
[4] Badajoz | BORDER with [7], [8] (enemy) | wood 30 (+30/turn) | iron 60 (+20/turn) | effective defense (location bonus included): 20 | troops at home: 8 / 300
    AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 4 archer, 4 knight (attack power if all sent: 24)
[5] Faro | INTERIOR (no enemy border) | wood 30 (+30/turn) | iron 60 (+20/turn) | effective defense (location bonus included): 30 | troops at home: 12 / 300
    AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 5 knight (attack power if all sent: 30)
    from here to your nearest border village [4] Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns
[6] Porto | BORDER with [7], [10] (enemy) | wood 35 (+30/turn) | iron 130 (+20/turn) | effective defense (location bonus included): 3 | troops at home: 1 / 300
    AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight (attack power if all sent: 4)
    from here to your nearest border village [3] Coimbra: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns
```

Hmm wait, for Porto it says "from here to your nearest border village [3] Coimbra: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". But Porto is a border village itself. This is confusing. Maybe the "nearest border village" line is only for interior villages, and for Porto it's showing the distance to Coimbra (another border village)? Or maybe the template just shows the distance to a reference village.

Actually, I bet the "from here to your nearest border village" line is a template line that shows march time to a specific border village. For interior villages it's meaningful; for border villages it might show time to a neighboring friendly border village. Anyway, Porto → Coimbra: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Since Porto and Coimbra are directly connected by road, and the distance gives 1 medium turn... hmm, but Lisboa → Coimbra (2 segments) also gives 1 medium turn? That can't be right.

Wait: Lisboa → Coimbra: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. Santarem → Coimbra: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. Porto → Coimbra: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast.

Hmm, if Lisboa→Santarem→Coimbra is 2 segments and takes 1 medium turn total... and Santarem→Coimbra is 1 segment taking 1 medium turn... then Lisboa→Santarem must take 0 medium turns? That doesn't work.

Unless the times are: slow = 1 turn per segment? No... Let me reconsider. Maybe the numbers mean: "2 slow" = 2 turns if marching slow troops; "1 medium" = 1 turn if marching medium troops. But a mixed army marches at the slowest speed.

Hmm, if Lisboa→Coimbra is 2 segments and slow troops take 2 turns, then each segment is 1 slow-turn. Medium troops take 1 turn for 2 segments? That means medium = 2x speed of slow. And fast = also 1 turn. Hmm, so medium and fast both cover 2 segments in 1 turn? Then Santarem→Coimbra (1 segment) takes 1 slow turn, and medium/fast also 1 turn. And Porto→Coimbra (1 segment) takes... 2 slow turns? That contradicts.

I think I'm overanalyzing. The report gives explicit times; let me just use them. For attacks, the relevant thing is: how many turns until my army arrives. Since I'm ordering this turn (turn 23), the army arrives after the stated number of turns.

For Coimbra → Salamanca [7]: the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" section says "march from [6] Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Salamanca. And for Coimbra, Salamanca is adjacent (road [3]-[7]). So Coimbra → Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So any troop type arrives in 1 turn. That means the attack happens on turn 24.

Wait, but "march from [x]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" — if it's 1 turn for all speeds, then the army arrives next turn. Good.

Hmm, but wait. Actually, let me reconsider: does "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" mean 1 turn regardless? Or does it mean the slow troops take 1 turn, medium 1 turn, fast 1 turn — all the same because the distance is 1 segment? Yes, for a 1-segment road, all speeds take 1 turn (marching 1 segment per turn for slow? no...).

Ugh. Let me just assume: the three numbers are turns for slow, medium, fast troops respectively. For adjacent villages (1 road segment), it's 1/1/1. For 2 segments, it might be 2/1/1 (slow takes 2 turns, medium and fast take 1 turn — meaning medium and fast can cover 2 segments in 1 turn).

Hmm, that's odd but let's go with the numbers given. Actually, more likely: slow = 1 segment per turn, medium = 2 segments per turn? No...

Actually, you know what, the simplest interpretation: the numbers are just given, use them. For an attack ordered now, the arrival turn = current turn + the number for the troop type being sent. If I send a mixed army, use the slowest.

For Coimbra → Salamanca: I need the march time. Salamanca is listed under "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" with "march from [6] Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". But I'm marching from Coimbra [3], not Porto. Coimbra and Salamanca are adjacent (road [3]-[7]). So it should be 1 turn for all types. Let me assume 1 turn.

Similarly Badajoz → Toledo [8]: "march from [4] Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". Good, 1 turn.

Murcia → Valencia [16]: "march from [15] Murcia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". 1 turn.

Porto → Vigo [10]: "march from [6] Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". 1 turn.

Sevilha → Cordoba [11]: "march from [9] Sevilha: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". 1 turn.

Great, all adjacent attacks take 1 turn.

Now, the key question for this turn: what do I attack, and what do I build?

Let me reconsider. I want to maximize progress. Let me think about which attacks are viable this turn:

1. Coimbra [3] → Salamanca [7]: 12 archer + 8 knight, attack 56 vs def 33. WIN. But big loss (~16.5).
2. Badajoz [4] → Toledo [8]: 4 archer + 4 knight, attack 24 vs def 3. WIN. Small loss (~1.5).
3. Murcia [15] → Valencia [16]: 1 spearman + 2 archer + 1 knight, attack 9 vs def 5. WIN. Loss ~2.5.
4. Porto [6] → Vigo [10]: 1 knight, attack 4 vs def 5. LOSE.
5. Sevilha [9] → Cordoba [11]: 15 vs 28. LOSE.

So this turn I can take Toledo, Valencia, and Salamanca. That's 3 villages → 12 total. Then next turn I need 6 more.

But wait, taking Salamanca costs ~16.5 troops from my 20-troop Coimbra army. That leaves ~13 troops in Salamanca. Is it worth it? Salamanca is a strong defensive position (def 33) and opens paths to Madrid [12] and Burgos [14]. Yes, I think it's worth it — it's one of the 15 enemy villages I need.

Actually, hold on. Let me reconsider the win condition: "hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village." 

If I take Toledo, Valencia, Salamanca this turn: I'd have 12 villages (9 + 3). But the enemy still has 12. To reach 18 I need 6 more next turn.

Alternatively, "eliminate every enemy village" — that requires taking all 15. That's harder but definitive.

Let me go with the "hold 18" approach. I need to capture 9 villages total and hold them.

Let me plan the sequence:
- Turn 24: take Toledo [8], Valencia [16], Salamanca [7]. Now 12 villages.
- Turn 25: from Toledo, attack Cordoba [11] (need big army); from Valencia, attack... Valencia connects to [13] Teruel, [15] Murcia (mine), [18] Castellon. So from Valencia → Castellon [18] (def ~15, 2 spearmen, 6 archers, 1 knight — last seen 8 turns ago, might have grown). From Salamanca → Madrid [12] (7 knights last seen) or Burgos [14]. From Porto → Vigo [10] (need reinforcements).

Hmm, this is getting complex. Let me just focus on this turn and write a good plan.

Actually, let me reconsider whether to attack Salamanca this turn. The cost is high (~16.5 troops lost). But those troops would otherwise just sit in Coimbra. And I need to expand anyway. Also, if I don't attack now, the enemy reinforces Salamanca (it grew from 30 to 33 defense over 5 turns).

Hmm, actually, wait. Let me reconsider: the loss is half the loser's effective force = half of 33 = 16.5. But "spread over its troop types". My army is 12 archers + 8 knights. Total attack 56. Losing 16.5 out of 56 = 29.5%. So I lose ~3.5 archers and ~2.4 knights, call it 4 archers and 2 knights = 6 troops lost, leaving 8 archers + 6 knights = 14 troops in Salamanca.

Hmm wait, that doesn't sound right either. Let me re-read: "The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself."

So the winner loses troops whose total "value" equals half the loser's effective force. What's the "value"? Probably the attack value. So losing 16.5 attack worth of troops. If spread proportionally over my army (12 archers, 8 knights), I lose 29.5% of each: 3.5 archers (attack 7) + 2.4 knights (attack 9.6)... total 16.6. Hmm, but troops are discrete. Probably the game rounds: lose 4 archers and 2 knights (attack 8+8=16) or 3 archers + 3 knights (6+12=18). Whatever, ~6 troops.

Actually, maybe "value" means something else, like the cost? Archer costs 20 wood + 10 iron, knight costs 30+30. Hmm. Or maybe "force" is what matters. Let me not worry about exact numbers.

OK here's my plan for this turn:

Attacks:
1. [3] Coimbra → [7] Salamanca: send all 20 troops (12 archer, 8 knight). Take it.
2. [4] Badajoz → [8] Toledo: send all 8 troops (4 archer, 4 knight). Take it.
3. [15] Murcia → [16] Valencia: send all 4 troops (1 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight). Take it.

Reinforcements/builds:
- Build troops to replenish. Let me build where I can.
  - [0] Lisboa: 40 wood, 30 iron. Build 1 knight (30/30). Leaves 10 wood, 0 iron. Or build 2 archers (40/20) leaving 0 wood, 10 iron. Hmm, 2 archers uses all wood. Let me build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) — knight is the most powerful. Leaves 10 wood.
  
  Hmm, but Lisboa has 1 archer already at home. Building 1 knight gives 1 archer + 1 knight. 
  
  - [1] Santarem: 30 wood, 60 iron. Build 1 knight (30/30). Leaves 0 wood, 30 iron.
  - [2] Evora: 30 wood, 40 iron. Build 1 knight (30/30). Leaves 0 wood, 10 iron.
  - [3] Coimbra: 30 wood, 130 iron. If I send all troops away, build 2 spearmen (30 wood, 0 iron). Or 1 knight (30/30). Let me build 1 knight. But wait, if I'm sending all Coimbra troops to Salamanca, then Coimbra is empty. Building 1 knight there gives it a garrison. Good.
  - [4] Badajoz: 30 wood, 60 iron. If I send all away, build 1 knight (30/30) or 2 spearmen (30/0). Build 1 knight.
  - [5] Faro: 30 wood, 60 iron. Build 1 knight (30/30). Faro keeps 12 troops + 1 new knight.
  - [6] Porto: 35 wood, 130 iron. Build 1 knight (30/30). Leaves 5 wood, 100 iron.
  - [9] Sevilha: 40 wood, 20 iron. Can't build knight (needs 30 iron). Build 2 archers (40/20). Or 2 spearmen (30/0). Let me build 2 archers — archers are more useful than spearmen generally. Actually, hmm, Sevilha has 3 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight. Adding 2 archers → 3 spearman, 6 archer, 1 knight = 10 troops. Good for attacking Cordoba next turn? Attack = 3 + 12 + 4 = 19 vs Cordoba def 28. Still lose. Need more.
  - [15] Murcia: 30 wood, 60 iron. If I send all 4 away, build 1 knight (30/30).

Hmm, but wait. There's a cap: "when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building". Not an issue here.

Also, "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." So I need to check resources.

Let me reconsider. Actually, maybe I should keep some troops in Badajoz for defense rather than sending all to Toledo. But Badajoz's defense is 20 (with location bonus). If the enemy attacks it... Salamanca is adjacent. But the enemy would need to march from Salamanca to Badajoz (1 turn) with enough force. If Badajoz has even a few troops, its effective defense helps.

Hmm, actually, "effective defense (location bonus included): 20" for Badajoz means the defense value already includes the location bonus. So Badajoz with 4 archers + 4 knights defending: defense = (4*2 + 4*2)*1.25? Wait no. Let me re-read.

"Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital)."
"The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again."

So the "effective defense" number shown (e.g., 20 for Badajoz) is the final defense value after the bonus. But wait, that number should depend on the troops present. Badajoz has 4 archer + 4 knight. Defense per troop: archer def 2, knight def 2. Total base = 8*2 = 16. With 1.25 bonus = 20. Yes! That matches. 

And Coimbra: 12 archer + 8 knight = 20 troops * 2 defense = 40 base. ×1.25 = 50. Yes, matches "effective defense: 50".

And Porto: 1 knight, base def 2, ×1.25 = 2.5, shown as 3. Yes.

OK so the effective defense shown is computed from current troops. Good.

So for planning attacks, I use the defender's effective defense as shown.

Now, let me reconsider the Salamanca attack. Salamanca effective defense 33 (4 archer + 9 knight: base = 13*2 = 26, ×1.25 = 32.5 ≈ 33). My attack: 12 archer (attack 24) + 8 knight (attack 32) = 56. Most numerous: archer (12) vs defender knight (9). Archer does not counter knight. No bonus. 56 > 33. WIN.

Losses: half of 33 = 16.5 attack worth. Spread over my troops. My army: 56 total attack. Lose 16.5/56 = 29.5%. Archers: 12 → lose 3.5; knights: 8 → lose 2.4. So ~4 archers + 2 knights lost, leaving 8 archers + 6 knights = 14 troops in Salamanca.

Hmm, actually, I realize the loss might be computed differently — maybe it's half the loser's force in terms of the loser's own troop count? "loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force". The loser's effective force is 33. Half is 16.5. The winner loses troops "worth" 16.5. If "worth" = attack value, then as computed.

Alternatively, maybe it's simpler: the winner loses half the number of troops the loser had? No, it says "worth half of the loser's effective force".

OK, whatever. Let me proceed.

Actually, let me reconsider whether attacking Salamanca is the best use of my Coimbra army. Alternative: reinforce Coimbra more and attack something else? No, Salamanca is the only enemy village adjacent to Coimbra.

Alternatively, send Coimbra's army to reinforce Badajoz or Porto, then attack from there? Coimbra → Porto takes 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. If I send knights (fast), 1 turn. Then next turn Porto could attack Vigo with more troops. But that delays.

I think attacking Salamanca now is good. It's a direct gain.

Hmm, but here's a concern: after I take Salamanca, the enemy might counterattack. Salamanca connects to [3] Coimbra (mine), [4] Badajoz (mine), [6] Porto (mine), [12] Madrid (enemy). So Salamanca would be bordered by 3 of my villages and Madrid. The enemy could attack from Madrid. But Madrid has 7 knights (last seen). An attack from Madrid to Salamanca... they'd need to win. My Salamanca garrison would have ~14 troops with def 33-ish. Should hold.

OK, let me also think: should I attack Salamanca with a different composition to get the counter bonus? If I include spearmen as the most numerous type, spearman counters knight (defender's most numerous), giving 1.5x. But I have 0 spearmen in Coimbra. I could send spearmen from elsewhere to Coimbra first (takes turns), then attack. Not worth it this turn.

Alternatively, make knights the most numerous in my army (8 knights vs 12 archers — no, archers are more). If I send only knights... 8 knights attack 32 vs 33, lose. No.

OK, attack with all 20 troops. 56 > 33. Win.

Now let me also reconsider: is it better to send Coimbra's troops to reinforce Porto (1 turn, fast) so that next turn Porto can attack Vigo AND Salamanca? No, Porto can only attack Vigo or Salamanca, and Salamanca would be mine if I take it.

Let me also think about the northern front. After taking Salamanca, from Salamanca I can attack Madrid [12] (7 knights, def unknown now — last seen turn 21). Madrid's defense: 7 knights, base 14, ×1.25 = 17.5 ≈ 18. If I attack with 14 troops from Salamanca (8 archer + 6 knight): attack 16+24 = 40 vs 18. Win.

And from Toledo [8] (after taking it), I can attack Cordoba [11] (def 28) or Madrid [12]. Toledo connects to [4] Badajoz, [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel.

OK, let me now write the plan and orders.

Plan for this turn (turn 23 → 24):
- Attack Salamanca from Coimbra (all 20 troops)
- Attack Toledo from Badajoz (all 8 troops)
- Attack Valencia from Murcia (all 4 troops)
- Build troops in all villages to replenish/reinforce

Wait, but if I send all troops from Badajoz, Coimbra, and Murcia, those villages become empty. Then I build new troops there. That's fine — the new troops arrive next turn (builds take 1 turn).

Hmm, actually, "ready in 1 turn" means the troops are available at the end of the next turn? Or at the start? Let me re-read: "spearman: costs 15 wood + 0 iron, ready in 1 turn." I think it means they're built by next turn. So if I order a build this turn, they're available next turn (turn 24's action phase? or turn 24's end?).

The report says "These numbers are from TURN 23." And orders are for the upcoming turn. Builds ordered now are "ready in 1 turn" — so they'd be available for turn 24's orders? Or they arrive during turn 24? I think the build completes at the end of the turn, so they're available for the next turn's orders. Hmm, but actually the phrasing "ready in 1 turn" suggests they're ready for the turn after next... 

Let me look at the "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" section: "Your reinforcement (2 archers, 5 knights) arrived at [3] Coimbra". That was ordered last turn and arrived this turn. So builds/movements ordered on turn 22 happened on turn 23. So if I order a build now (turn 23), it completes on turn 24, available for turn 24's orders? Or available at the end of turn 24?

Hmm, the report shows current state at turn 23. If I order a build now, it should be reflected in next turn's report (turn 24). So the troops would be available for turn 24's movement orders? Or for turn 25's?

I think the standard interpretation: you order builds and moves for the current turn; they execute and the results show next turn. So builds ordered now show up in next turn's "AVAILABLE TO SEND" list. And movements ordered now arrive by next turn's report.

Wait, but the march times are given in turns. "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means the army arrives 1 turn later. So if I order a march now (turn 23), it arrives during turn 24 and is shown in turn 24's report.

And builds "ready in 1 turn" — ordered now, ready for turn 24's report.

So both builds and 1-turn marches complete by next turn's report. Good.

So this turn (turn 23), I order:
- Movements that take 1 turn (arrive turn 24)
- Builds that take 1 turn (ready turn 24)

And the combat happens when the army arrives (turn 24).

Hmm wait, but actually, if I order an attack this turn and it takes 1 turn to arrive, the combat happens on turn 24. And the enemy also orders on turn 23 (simultaneously, based on the same snapshot). So the enemy's orders this turn don't know about my moves.

OK. Let me now also consider: should I keep some troops in the villages I'm attacking from, for defense? 

Badajoz: if I send all 8 to Toledo, Badajoz is empty. Its neighbors: Santarem (mine), Faro (mine), Salamanca (enemy), Toledo (becomes mine), Sevilha (mine). So after taking Toledo, Badajoz's only enemy neighbor is Salamanca. If the enemy attacks Badajoz from Salamanca with a big army and Badajoz is empty... they'd take it. That would be bad. But the enemy just lost troops in Salamanca (they lost 8 last turn, 13 left: 4 archers, 9 knights). Hmm, they have 13 troops there. They could attack Badajoz. But would they? Unknown.

To be safe, maybe I should keep a few troops in Badajoz. But Badajoz only has 8 troops total. If I send 4 to Toledo (say 2 archer + 2 knight, attack 4+8 = 12 vs def 3, win), I keep 2 archer + 2 knight in Badajoz. That's a reasonable compromise.

Hmm, but actually, the more troops I send to Toledo, the more I have there for the next push. And Toledo's def is only 3, so even 3 archers (attack 6) win. Let me send 3 archer + 2 knight from Badajoz to Toledo (attack 6+8 = 14 vs 3, win, loss ~1.5). Keep 1 archer + 2 knight in Badajoz (defensive).

Hmm, wait, but actually, let me reconsider. Let me keep it simpler and just send all. The enemy's Salamanca army is 13 troops; they might attack Badajoz, but Badajoz with even 3 troops has effective defense ~5 (3*2*1.25 = 7.5). Hmm, and the enemy would lose troops attacking. Let me keep a small garrison.

Actually, let me reconsider the whole approach. Let me think about what gives the most progress.

Let me reconsider: maybe I should NOT attack Salamanca this turn, and instead focus on the easy wins (Toledo, Valencia) and building up, then hit Salamanca next turn with a bigger army (so I lose a smaller share).

But Salamanca's defense grows over time... actually no, "neutral villages harden with time" — that's for NEUTRAL villages. Salamanca is an enemy village, not neutral. So its defense doesn't automatically grow (though the enemy can reinforce it). Last turn it was reinforced (7 archers, 9 knights arrived). So the enemy can reinforce.

Hmm, the risk of waiting is the enemy reinforces Salamanca more. The risk of attacking now is losing ~16.5 troops. 

Actually, you know what, let me just attack. The enemy is spread thin and I have the numbers.

Let me finalize:

MOVEMENTS:
1. [3] Coimbra → [7] Salamanca: 12 archer, 8 knight (all)
2. [4] Badajoz → [8] Toledo: 4 archer, 4 knight (all) — or keep some. Let me send all for maximum Toledo garrison. Actually, let me send 3 archer, 3 knight and keep 1 archer, 1 knight. Hmm. 

Let me think again about Badajoz's defense. If the enemy attacks Badajoz from Salamanca: enemy has 4 archer + 9 knight = attack 8+36 = 44 (if all sent). Badajoz with 1 archer + 1 knight defending: effective defense = 2*2*1.25 = 5. Enemy attack 44 >> 5, win. So keeping 2 troops doesn't save Badajoz against a full Salamanca army. But the enemy would lose half of 5 = 2.5 troops. Minor.

But actually, would the enemy attack Badajoz? They'd need to march from Salamanca to Badajoz (1 turn). And they'd lose troops. And Badajoz is worth 1 village to me. Hmm.

Alternatively, the enemy might attack Coimbra or Porto from Salamanca. Coimbra would be empty (I sent all troops). Coimbra's defense would be just the new build (1 knight → def 2.5 ≈ 3). Enemy attack 44 vs 3, win, but lose ~1.5.

Hmm, this is getting complicated. Let me just accept some risk and go on the offensive. The best defense is taking enemy villages.

Actually, wait. Let me reconsider. There's an important point: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So if the enemy marches from Salamanca toward, say, Lisbon, they'd stop at Coimbra (first non-enemy village... wait, Coimbra would be mine but empty). They'd stop and fight at Coimbra. If Coimbra has a small garrison, they win and take Coimbra, then next turn continue to Santarem, etc. That's a problem.

So I should keep some garrison in Coimbra at least. But I'm building 1 knight there this turn, which will be available next turn. If the enemy attacks Coimbra this turn (arriving turn 24), my new knight isn't ready yet... Actually, the build ordered this turn completes at the end of this turn / start of next. Hmm, timing.

Ugh, the timing is ambiguous. Let me assume: builds ordered now are available for next turn's report (turn 24). Movements ordered now arrive at turn 24. Combat for movements happens at arrival (turn 24).

So if the enemy orders an attack from Salamanca to Coimbra this turn (turn 23), it arrives turn 24 and fights Coimbra's garrison as of turn 24 — which includes my newly built knight (if I build at Coimbra). So Coimbra would have 1 knight, def ~3. Enemy still wins but loses ~1.5 troops.

OK whatever. Let me just go with a reasonable plan. I'll build 1 knight in each of Coimbra, Badajoz, Murcia, and other villages.

Actually, hold on. Let me reconsider the build economics. Building a knight costs 30 wood + 30 iron. Each village produces 30 wood + 20 iron per turn. So a village can build at most 1 knight per turn (needs 30 iron but only produces 20 — so it needs to have saved iron from previous turns).

Let me check each village's current stock and what they can build:
- [0] Lisboa: wood 40, iron 30. Knight needs 30/30 → can build 1 knight. ✓
- [1] Santarem: wood 30, iron 60. Knight 30/30 → 1 knight. ✓
- [2] Evora: wood 30, iron 40. Knight 30/30 → 1 knight. ✓
- [3] Coimbra: wood 30, iron 130. Knight 30/30 → 1 knight. ✓
- [4] Badajoz: wood 30, iron 60. Knight 30/30 → 1 knight. ✓
- [5] Faro: wood 30, iron 60. Knight 30/30 → 1 knight. ✓
- [6] Porto: wood 35, iron 130. Knight 30/30 → 1 knight. ✓
- [9] Sevilha: wood 40, iron 20. Knight needs 30 iron → ✗. Archer 20/10 → 2 archers (40/20). ✓ Or 2 spearmen (30/0).
- [15] Murcia: wood 30, iron 60. Knight 30/30 → 1 knight. ✓

So I can build 1 knight in 8 villages + 2 archers in Sevilha = 8 knights + 2 archers = 10 new troops next turn. That's a good replenishment.

But wait — if I send all troops away from Coimbra, Badajoz, Murcia, then those villages have 0 troops at home, and the new knight is built there. So they'd have 1 knight each next turn. Fine.

Hmm, but actually, should I build knights or archers? Knights are stronger (attack 4) but archers are cheaper and I have iron constraints in some places. Let me build knights where possible.

Actually, wait. Let me reconsider Sevilha: wood 40, iron 20. I could build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Or 2 spearmen (30 wood, 0 iron) leaving 10 wood, 20 iron. Or 1 archer (20/10) + ... Let me build 2 archers — most versatile.

Hmm, but actually, for the upcoming Cordoba attack, I need spearmen? Cordoba has 2 spearmen, 5 archers, 4 knights. My most numerous type would need to counter... defender's most numerous is archers (5). Knight counters archer. So if I send knights as the most numerous, I get 1.5x. 

Let me plan the Cordoba attack for next turn. From Sevilha [9], I'd send troops. If I reinforce Sevilha with Faro's troops first... Faro → Sevilha: road [5] Faro - [9] Sevilha exists. March time: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns (from the report: "from here to your nearest border village [4] Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Faro; but Faro→Sevilha should also be 1 turn). So I can send Faro's 12 troops to Sevilha this turn, arriving turn 24. Then turn 24, Sevilha has 8 (original) + 12 (from Faro) + 2 (newly built archers) = 22 troops, and I attack Cordoba.

Wait, but Faro's troops and Sevilha's troops would be at Sevilha together (as reinforcements), so they'd form one garrison. Then I can send them all to Cordoba. 

Sevilha + Faro combined: 3 spearman + 4 archer + 1 knight + 4 spearman + 3 archer + 5 knight = 7 spearman, 7 archer, 6 knight = 20 troops. Attack = 7 + 14 + 24 = 45. Plus 2 new archers = 9 archer... wait let me redo: 7 spearman (attack 7), 7+2 = 9 archer (attack 18), 6 knight (attack 24). Total = 49. Most numerous: archer (9). Defender Cordoba: 2 spearmen, 5 archers, 4 knights → most numerous archer (5). Archer vs archer: no counter (archer counters spearman). No bonus. 49 vs 28. WIN. Losses = half of 28 = 14 attack worth. Hmm, that's a lot. I'd lose ~29% of 49 = ~14, so ~7 archers + ~2 knights? Leaving ~7 spearman, ~2 archer, ~4 knight = 13 troops in Cordoba.

Hmm, that's a big loss but Cordoba is a major village (def 28). Worth it? Cordoba opens paths to [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha (mine), [15] Murcia (mine). So it'd be interior-ish. Hmm, actually Cordoba connects to 8, 9, 15. If 9 and 15 are mine, and 8 becomes mine (Toledo), then Cordoba is interior. 

OK, let me not over-plan. Let me just do this turn.

Actually, let me reconsider one more time whether to attack Salamanca. Let me compare: 

Option A: Attack Salamanca now with 20 troops (56 attack vs 33). Win, lose ~6 troops, Salamanca has ~14 troops. 
Option B: Don't attack Salamanca now. Instead, reinforce Coimbra (from Lisboa, Santarem) and build. Next turn, attack Salamanca with more troops (say 30+), losing a smaller share.

But in option B, the enemy gets another turn to reinforce Salamanca. Last turn they added 7 archers + 9 knights. If they do that again, Salamanca could have 20+ troops and def 50+. Then my attack is harder.

I think option A is better — strike now before they reinforce more.

Also, in option A, after taking Salamanca, I have 12 villages. Then next turn I attack Cordoba (from Sevilha+Faro), and from Salamanca I attack Madrid, from Toledo I attack... hmm, from Toledo I could attack Cordoba too or Madrid.

Let me also think: from Porto, I want to take Vigo. Porto has 1 knight (attack 4) vs Vigo def 5. I need to reinforce Porto. From Coimbra → Porto: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. If I send knights from Coimbra to Porto... but I'm sending all Coimbra troops to Salamanca. Conflict.

Alternative: send Coimbra's troops to Porto instead of Salamanca, then next turn attack Vigo from Porto. But then Salamanca isn't taken.

Hmm. Let me prioritize. I have 3 attack options this turn: Salamanca, Toledo, Valencia. Let me do all three. Then next turn:
- From Salamanca (~14 troops): attack Madrid [12] (def ~18, 7 knights). Attack 14 troops: 8 archer + 6 knight = 16+24 = 40 vs 18. Win.
- From Toledo (~7 troops): attack Cordoba [11] (def 28)? 7 troops attack ~20 vs 28, lose. Or attack Madrid [12] from Toledo too — but only one send per turn per source, and Madrid can be attacked from either. Let me send from Salamanca to Madrid and from Toledo to... hmm, Toledo connects to Cordoba, Madrid, Teruel. Cordoba is too strong for 7 troops. Madrid: 7 troops (say 3 archer + 4 knight = 6+16 = 22) vs def 18. Win! But then both Salamanca and Toledo attack Madrid — they fight separately, one at a time. First Salamanca's 14 troops vs Madrid def 18: win, Madrid taken, ~14 troops stay. Then Toledo's 7 troops arrive at Madrid (now mine) and reinforce. That works!

Wait, but "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". If Toledo's army marches toward Madrid and Madrid is already mine (conquered same turn by Salamanca's army), does it stop? The rule says it stops at the first village that is not yours. If Madrid becomes mine this turn, then Toledo's army would pass through? Hmm, but the order of resolution matters. "When an attack conquers a village, the surviving attackers stay there as its new garrison." And "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."

So if both Salamanca→Madrid and Toledo→Madrid are ordered this turn, they arrive same turn and fight one at a time. First one fights Madrid's garrison. If it wins, Madrid is conquered and the survivors stay. Then the second one arrives and... fights Madrid's new garrison (which is now mine)? That doesn't make sense. Hmm.

Actually, re-reading: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This implies they each fight the target independently. If the first send conquers the target, the second send would... fight the new garrison? That would be friendly fire, which doesn't happen ("Your own armies never fight each other: they pass freely.").

Hmm, this is ambiguous. Let me avoid the issue: attack Madrid from only one source.

OK, let me simplify. This turn:
1. Coimbra → Salamanca (all 20)
2. Badajoz → Toledo (all 8)
3. Murcia → Valencia (all 4)
4. Faro → Sevilha (all 12) — reinforce Sevilha for next turn's Cordoba attack
5. Build knights in Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, Coimbra, Badajoz, Faro, Porto, Murcia; build 2 archers in Sevilha.

Wait, but if I send Faro's troops to Sevilha, then Faro is empty. Faro's neighbors: [2] Evora (mine), [4] Badajoz (mine), [9] Sevilha (mine). All mine, so Faro is interior and safe. Good.

And if I send all of Badajoz's troops to Toledo, Badajoz is empty but I build 1 knight there. And Badajoz's neighbors after taking Toledo: Santarem (mine), Faro (mine), Salamanca (enemy), Toledo (mine), Sevilha (mine). Only Salamanca is enemy. So Badajoz with 1 knight (def ~3) could be attacked from Salamanca. Risk.

Hmm, let me reconsider: maybe keep 1 knight in Badajoz and send 4 archer + 3 knight to Toledo? Attack = 8+12 = 20 vs def 3, still win easily. And Badajoz keeps 1 knight for defense. But then Toledo gets 7 troops instead of 8. Fine.

Actually, let me reconsider whether to send all of Badajoz to Toledo or keep some. The main risk is a Salamanca→Badajoz attack. But the enemy's Salamanca army just lost 8 troops last turn (13 left). If they attack Badajoz with 13 troops (4 archer, 9 knight = attack 44) vs Badajoz's defense... if Badajoz has 1 knight (def 3), they win and take Badajoz, losing ~1.5 troops. Then I'd retake it. It's a back-and-forth. Not catastrophic.

But actually, there's a bigger consideration: if the enemy attacks Badajoz, they're not attacking elsewhere. And I'm taking Toledo and Valencia and Salamanca. Net gain.

OK let me just go with sending most troops but keeping small garrisons where it matters.

Hmm, actually, let me reconsider. Let me keep it simple and effective:

MOVEMENTS:
1. [3] Coimbra → [7] Salamanca: 12 archer, 8 knight
2. [4] Badajoz → [8] Toledo: 4 archer, 4 knight
3. [15] Murcia → [16] Valencia: 1 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight
4. [5] Faro → [9] Sevilha: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 5 knight

BUILDS:
- [0] Lisboa: 1 knight
- [1] Santarem: 1 knight
- [2] Evora: 1 knight
- [3] Coimbra: 1 knight
- [4] Badajoz: 1 knight
- [6] Porto: 1 knight
- [9] Sevilha: 2 archer
- [15] Murcia: 1 knight

Wait, but Sevilha: after receiving Faro's troops and having 8 original, plus 2 new archers = 22 troops. But the build happens this turn (arrives next turn). And Faro's troops arrive next turn. So next turn Sevilha has 8 + 12 + 2 = 22 troops. Then I can attack Cordoba.

Hmm, but wait: can Sevilha build 2 archers? It has wood 40, iron 20. 2 archers = 40 wood, 20 iron. Yes, exactly.

And Porto: wood 35, iron 130. 1 knight = 30 wood, 30 iron. Yes. Leaves 5 wood, 100 iron.

And [2] Evora: wood 30, iron 40. 1 knight = 30/30. Yes. Evora keeps 8 troops + 1 new knight = 9.

And [0] Lisboa: wood 40, iron 30. 1 knight = 30/30. Yes. Lisboa has 1 archer + 1 knight = 2.

And [1] Santarem: wood 30, iron 60. 1 knight. Yes. 1 knight + 1 knight = 2.

Hmm, wait. Let me reconsider: should I build knights or should I build archers/spearmen for specific counter needs? For now, knights are the strongest (attack 4). Let me build knights where possible.

But hold on — there's a consideration about the counter triangle. If I'm attacking Cordoba (defender most numerous = archer), I want knights as my most numerous type (knight counters archer → 1.5x bonus). With 7 spearman, 9 archer, 6 knight at Sevilha, the most numerous is archer (9). No bonus. Hmm.

To get the bonus, I'd need knights to be the most numerous. That's hard with my current composition. Alternatively, I could send only knights + spearmen (no archers) so knights are most numerous. But that reduces attack power.

Let me compute: if I send 6 knight + 7 spearman (no archers) from Sevilha: attack = 24 + 7 = 31, with 1.5x bonus = 46.5 vs 28. Win. Losses = 14. vs sending all 22 troops: attack 49, no bonus, vs 28. Win. Losses = 14. Same losses! Because losses depend on the defender, not the attacker size. So sending fewer troops with the bonus is more efficient (lose same amount, keep more).

Hmm interesting. So with the counter bonus, I win with fewer troops and lose the same absolute amount. So I should try to get the counter bonus when attacking.

For Cordoba (defender most numerous: archer), I want my most numerous to be knight. So send mostly knights, few archers.

But I only have 6 knights at Sevilha (after Faro's 5 + Sevilha's 1). And spearmen: 7. So if I send 6 knight + 7 spearman = 13 troops, knights are NOT most numerous (spearmen 7 > knights 6). Tie-break: "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight" — so spearman wins ties. So spearmen would be most numerous → spearman counters knight, but defender's most numerous is archer. No bonus.

Hmm. To make knights most numerous, I need knights > spearmen and knights > archers. With 6 knights, I'd need < 6 spearmen and < 6 archers. So send 6 knights + 5 spearmen + 5 archers = 16 troops, knights most numerous (6). Attack = 24 + 5 + 10 = 39, ×1.5 = 58.5 vs 28. Win. Losses = 14. I keep 16 - losses. Losses of 14 attack worth spread over my army: 14/39 = 36% → lose ~2 knights (8), ~4 archers (8)... hmm, that's ~6 troops. Keep ~10.

vs sending all 22: attack 49, losses 14 spread over 49 = 29% → lose ~7 troops, keep ~15.

Hmm, so sending all keeps more troops (15 vs 10) but the bonus version is "more efficient" in terms of attack per troop. But since losses are fixed at 14, keeping more troops is better for the garrison. So send all 22.

Wait, but actually, do I even need a big garrison in Cordoba? After taking Cordoba, its neighbors are [8] Toledo (mine, if taken), [9] Sevilha (mine), [15] Murcia (mine). So Cordoba would be interior — no enemy neighbors! So I don't need a big garrison there. A small one suffices.

Hmm, but the enemy could attack Cordoba from... only from enemy villages adjacent to it. Cordoba connects to [8], [9], [15]. If all three are mine, Cordoba is interior and can only be attacked after the enemy takes one of Toledo/Sevilha/Murcia. So a small garrison is fine.

So the counter-bonus approach is better: send 6 knights + 5 archers + 5 spearmen (16 troops), knights most numerous → 1.5x bonus → attack 58.5 vs 28, win, lose ~14 attack worth (~36% of 39... wait, the loss is spread over the army's force. Hmm, the loss is "worth half the loser's effective force" = 14. Spread over my army. My army's total "force" — is it attack or something else? Let me assume attack. So I lose 14/39 = 36% of my troops: ~2 knights, ~2 archers, ~2 spearmen = 6 troops. Keep 10.

vs sending all 22: lose 14/49 = 29% → ~7 troops, keep 15.

Either way, Cordoba ends up with 10-15 troops and is interior. Fine.

Actually, hmm, I realize I'm overcomplicating this. Let me just make reasonable decisions and move on. The key decisions for THIS turn:

1. Take Salamanca, Toledo, Valencia (3 villages → 12 total).
2. Reinforce Sevilha with Faro's troops for next turn's Cordoba attack.
3. Build troops everywhere.

Let me also double check the Murcia → Valencia attack: Murcia has 1 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. Attack = 1 + 4 + 4 = 9. Most numerous: archer (2) vs spearman (1) vs knight (1). Archer most numerous. Defender Valencia: 1 archer, 1 knight → tie, breaks in order spearman, archer, knight → archer. Archer vs archer: no counter. 9 vs 5. WIN. Losses = half of 5 = 2.5. So lose ~1-2 troops. Valencia gets ~2-3 troops.

OK. And after taking Valencia, Murcia is empty (I build 1 knight there). Murcia connects to [11] Cordoba (enemy) and [16] Valencia (mine). So Murcia's only enemy neighbor is Cordoba. With 1 knight (def ~3), it's vulnerable but Cordoba is far from the enemy's main force.

Alright, let me also reconsider: should I attack Cordoba this turn instead of reinforcing? Sevilha's 8 troops (attack 15) vs Cordoba def 28 → lose. So no. Reinforce first.

Actually, wait. Let me reconsider. What if I send Faro's troops to Sevilha AND then also attack Cordoba with Sevilha's original 8 troops? No — the reinforcements arrive next turn, same turn as the attack would. And troops from different villages fight separately. Sevilha's 8 troops alone would fight Cordoba (15 vs 28, lose) and be destroyed. Bad.

So: reinforce Sevilha this turn, attack Cordoba next turn.

Let me also think about whether to send troops from Evora or Lisboa to somewhere. Evora [2] connects to [0] Lisboa and [5] Faro. Both mine. So Evora is interior, safe. Lisboa [0] connects to [1] Santarem and [2] Evora. Interior, safe. Santarem [1] connects to [0], [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz. Interior, safe.

So the rear villages are safe. I'll just build there.

Now, one more consideration: the plan note. Let me write a campaign plan.

Plan: "Turn 24-27: Take Salamanca (from Coimbra), Toledo (from Badajoz), Valencia (from Murcia) this turn. Reinforce Sevilha with Faro's troops; next turn take Cordoba. Then push from Salamanca to Madrid, from Toledo to Madrid/Teruel, from Vigo (after reinforcing Porto) to Burgos. Build knights in all villages each turn. Goal: reach 18 villages by turn 27-28."

Hmm, let me refine. Actually, let me reconsider the Porto/Vigo situation. Porto has 1 knight. To take Vigo (def 5), I need attack > 5. 1 knight = 4, lose. I need to reinforce Porto. From Coimbra → Porto: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. If I send knights (fast) from Coimbra to Porto, 1 turn. But I'm sending all Coimbra troops to Salamanca. Conflict!

Alternative: don't send all Coimbra troops to Salamanca. Send, say, 8 archer + 6 knight to Salamanca (attack 16+24 = 40 vs 33, win), and send 4 knight + 2 archer... hmm, wait, I want to send some to Porto too. But a single send from Coimbra can only go to one destination.

Hmm. Let me think. Coimbra has 20 troops. Options:
(a) Send all 20 to Salamanca. Take it. Porto stays with 1 knight.
(b) Send 12 to Salamanca (8 archer + 4 knight, attack 16+16 = 32 vs 33 — LOSE!). No.
(c) Send some to Porto to reinforce, then next turn attack Vigo. But then Salamanca isn't taken this turn.

Let me go with (a) — take Salamanca now. Vigo can wait; I'll reinforce Porto from Coimbra next turn (after building), or from elsewhere.

Actually, wait: can I reinforce Porto from Coimbra next turn? After taking Salamanca, Coimbra has 0 troops + 1 new knight (built this turn) = 1 knight. Not much to send. Hmm.

Alternatively, I could send Coimbra's troops to Porto this turn (reinforce), and NOT attack Salamanca this turn. Then next turn, Porto has 21 troops and attacks Vigo (and maybe Salamanca too, since Porto connects to both). But one send per turn per source. Porto could attack Vigo with 21 troops: attack = 12 archer (24) + 8 knight (32) + 1 knight = ... wait, Porto would have 1 (original knight) + 20 (from Coimbra) = 21 troops: 12 archer, 9 knight. Attack = 24 + 36 = 60 vs Vigo def 5. Win easily. Take Vigo. But Salamanca remains enemy.

Then from Porto (after taking Vigo, survivors stay in Vigo), and Coimbra is empty. Hmm, and Salamanca is still enemy, bordering Coimba (empty) and Porto (now empty after sending all to Vigo? no, I'd keep some).

This is getting complicated. Let me just go with the straightforward plan: take Salamanca, Toledo, Valencia now. Deal with Vigo later.

Actually, hmm, wait. Let me reconsider. Vigo is a small village (def 5). Taking it opens the path to Burgos [14] and Madrid [12] (via [14]→[12]). Actually Vigo connects to [6] Porto and [14] Burgos. So from Vigo I can attack Burgos.

And Burgos (1 archer, 1 knight last seen, def ~5) is easy. And from Burgos → Madrid [12] (7 knights, def ~18).

So the northern route: Porto → Vigo → Burgos → Madrid. And the central route: Salamanca → Madrid directly.

OK. Let me just execute this turn's plan and adapt next turn.

Actually, let me reconsider ONE more time whether to attack Salamanca or to instead send Coimbra's army to reinforce Porto and take Vigo. 

Taking Vigo now: I'd need to send Coimbra → Porto (1 turn for fast troops). But the whole Coimbra army is mixed (12 archer medium, 8 knight fast) → marches at medium speed = 1 turn. So they'd arrive at Porto next turn. Then next turn Porto has 21 troops and can attack Vigo (arriving turn 26). So Vigo taken turn 26.

Taking Salamanca now: Salamanca taken turn 24. Then from Salamanca, attack Madrid turn 25 (arriving turn 26). Madrid taken turn 26.

Both reach Madrid around turn 26. But taking Salamanca also gives me a strong village (def 33) and 1 more village count. So Salamanca is better.

Also, taking Toledo and Valencia this turn gives 3 villages immediately. Let me go with that.

FINAL PLAN for this turn:

MOVEMENTS:
1. [3] Coimbra → [7] Salamanca: 12 archer, 8 knight
2. [4] Badajoz → [8] Toledo: 4 archer, 4 knight
3. [15] Murcia → [16] Valencia: 1 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight
4. [5] Faro → [9] Sevilha: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 5 knight

BUILDS:
- [0] Lisboa: 1 knight
- [1] Santarem: 1 knight
- [2] Evora: 1 knight
- [3] Coimbra: 1 knight
- [4] Badajoz: 1 knight
- [6] Porto: 1 knight
- [9] Sevilha: 2 archer
- [15] Murcia: 1 knight

Wait, but I should double check: can I build in a village and also send troops from it? Yes, the build happens and the send happens — both ordered this turn. The send takes the troops currently there; the build adds new ones next turn. Fine.

Hmm, but one issue: "Cap per village: when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building". Not relevant.

Another issue: "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." Let me verify each:
- [0] Lisboa: wood 40, iron 30. Knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. ✓ (leaves 10 wood, 0 iron)
- [1] Santarem: wood 30, iron 60. Knight: 30/30. ✓
- [2] Evora: wood 30, iron 40. Knight: 30/30. ✓
- [3] Coimbra: wood 30, iron 130. Knight: 30/30. ✓
- [4] Badajoz: wood 30, iron 60. Knight: 30/30. ✓
- [6] Porto: wood 35, iron 130. Knight: 30/30. ✓
- [9] Sevilha: wood 40, iron 20. 2 archers: 40 wood, 20 iron. ✓
- [15] Murcia: wood 30, iron 60. Knight: 30/30. ✓

All good.

Hmm, wait. Let me reconsider Sevilha's build. Sevilha has wood 40, iron 20. If I build 2 archers, that uses 40 wood and 20 iron, leaving 0/0. Fine. But next turn Sevilha will have received Faro's troops (12) and built 2 archers, so it'll have 8 + 12 + 2 = 22 troops. But wait — the resources: Sevilha produces 30 wood + 20 iron next turn. So next turn it'll have 30 wood, 20 iron to spend. OK.

Hmm, but actually, hold on. Let me reconsider whether building 2 archers in Sevilha is optimal. For the Cordoba attack, I want knights most numerous for the counter bonus. Sevilha will have (after Faro arrives): 3 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight + 4 spearman, 3 archer, 5 knight = 7 spearman, 7 archer, 6 knight. Adding 2 archers → 7 spearman, 9 archer, 6 knight. Most numerous: archer (9). No bonus vs Cordoba (archer most numerous).

If instead I build 2 spearmen at Sevilha (30 wood, 0 iron, leaving 10 wood, 20 iron): then Sevilha has 9 spearman, 7 archer, 6 knight. Most numerous: spearman (9). Spearman counters knight; Cordoba's most numerous is archer. No bonus either.

If I build nothing at Sevilha and instead just have 7 spearman, 7 archer, 6 knight: most numerous tie between spearman and archer (7 each) → breaks in order spearman, archer, knight → spearman. Spearman counters knight, defender most numerous archer. No bonus.

To get the bonus (knight counters archer), I need knights most numerous: knights > 7 (to beat spearmen and archers at 7). I'd need 8+ knights. I only have 6. So I can't get the bonus without more knights. So no bonus possible → just send everything. Attack = 7 + 14 + 24 = 45 (without the 2 extra archers) or 49 (with). Either way > 28. Win.

So the build choice at Sevilha doesn't affect the counter. Let me build 2 archers (more attack).

Hmm, actually, wait. Let me reconsider: maybe I should build knights at Sevilha? No — Sevilha only has 20 iron, can't build a knight (needs 30). So 2 archers or 2 spearmen. Archers are better (attack 2 vs 1). Go with 2 archers.

Hmm, but hold on, actually, let me reconsider: is it better to build 2 archers at Sevilha, or to build 1 archer and save resources? Building 1 archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron, leaving 20 wood, 10 iron. Then next turn Sevilha could build another archer (20/10) or a knight (needs 30 iron — only 10 + 20 produced = 30, and 20+30=50 wood... hmm). Let me just build 2 archers now to use the wood.

Actually, hmm, one more thought: should I build spearmen anywhere? Spearmen are cheap (15 wood, 0 iron) and counter knights. For defending against knight-heavy attacks, spearmen are useful. But for offense, archers and knights are better. Let me build knights and archers.

Wait, actually, there's a subtlety: villages with lots of iron but limited wood. E.g., Coimbra has iron 130 but wood 30 → can only build 1 knight or 2 spearmen per turn (wood-limited). Porto: wood 35, iron 130 → 1 knight (30 wood) or 2 spearmen (30 wood) + ... 2 spearmen = 30 wood, leaving 5 wood. Or 1 knight + 1 spearman = 45 wood, too much. So wood is the binding constraint for most villages (they produce 30 wood/turn).

OK, let me finalize. Actually, let me reconsider the builds once more. Since wood is limited to ~30 per village per turn, and a knight costs 30 wood, each village can build at most 1 knight per turn. And I have 8 villages that can build knights. Plus Sevilha builds 2 archers (40 wood — it has 40 wood stock).

Total new troops next turn: 8 knights + 2 archers = 10 troops. Plus the troops that survive my attacks and the troops in villages I didn't empty.

Let me estimate my army next turn:
- After attacks: Salamanca (~14), Toledo (~7), Valencia (~2-3), Sevilha (22), Evora (8+1=9), Lisboa (1+1=2), Santarem (1+1=2), Porto (1+1=2), Coimbra (0+1=1), Badajoz (0+1=1), Murcia (0+1=1), Faro (0+... wait, I sent Faro's troops away and build 1 knight there? Let me check: I listed builds for [5] Faro? No, I didn't include Faro in builds. Let me add it.

Hmm, I have builds for: Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, Coimbra, Badajoz, Porto, Sevilha, Murcia. That's 8. I forgot Faro [5]. Faro: wood 30, iron 60. Can build 1 knight. Let me add it. But Faro is empty (I sent all 12 troops to Sevilha). Building 1 knight gives Faro a garrison. Good, since Faro is interior (neighbors Evora, Badajoz, Sevilha — all mine). Fine.

So 9 builds: 8 knights + 2 archers (Sevilha) = 10 troops.

Wait, Sevilha builds 2 archers, and 8 villages build knights = 8 knights. Total 10 new troops.

Let me recount villages: [0], [1], [2], [3], [4], [5], [6], [9], [15] = 9 villages. [0],[1],[2],[3],[4],[5],[6],[15] build knights (8 knights), [9] builds 2 archers. Total 10 troops.

Now let me write the JSON.

Actually, wait. Let me reconsider one thing: the "plan" and "statement" fields.

Plan (campaign over next turns): I'll write about taking Salamanca, Toledo, Valencia, then Cordoba, then pushing to Madrid, Burgos, Zaragoza, Castellon, Teruel to reach 18 villages.

Statement (for audience, 2-4 lines, emotional): Something like "My armies struck on three fronts this turn: Coimbra took Salamanca, Badajoz took Toledo, Murcia took Valencia. I'm building knights in every village to replenish my ranks. Three more villages fall, and I'm now at 12 — halfway to the 18 I need."

Wait, but the statement describes what I DID this turn, and the orders are what I'm ordering. The statement should reflect the orders I'm giving (since it's written as the turn happens). Let me write it accordingly.

Hmm, the instructions say: "statement: 2 to 4 lines telling the audience what you did THIS turn. It may have emotion." And "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" describes the previous turn's events. So the statement is about the turn that just happened (turn 23)? Or the turn I'm ordering now?

Re-reading: "Besides your orders, write two short texts... 'statement': 2 to 4 lines telling the audience what you did THIS turn."

I think "this turn" = the turn I'm currently ordering (turn 23's orders, which execute on turn 24). Hmm, but the report is from turn 23's state. Actually, I think the statement describes the actions I'm ordering now (which will happen over the next turn). Let me write it as a declaration of what I'm doing.

Actually, from the context of these games, the "statement" is typically a narrative of the orders you're giving. Let me write it as such.

Let me now also double-check the movement format: {"fromId": 3, "toId": 7, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 12, "knight": 8}}.

And build format: {"villageId": 0, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}.

Let me write the JSON.

Actually, hold on. Let me reconsider the Badajoz → Toledo send. If I send all 8 troops (4 archer, 4 knight), Badajoz is empty. Then I build 1 knight there. But the enemy could attack Badajoz from Salamanca this turn (arriving turn 24). At that point, Badajoz has 1 knight (built this turn, available turn 24). Effective defense = 2 * 1.25 = 2.5 ≈ 3. Enemy attack from Salamanca (4 archer, 9 knight = 44) vs 3 → enemy wins, takes Badajoz, loses ~1.5 troops. Then I'd have lost Badajoz (which I just took last turn) and the 1 knight. Not great but not catastrophic.

Alternatively, keep 1 knight in Badajoz and send 4 archer + 3 knight to Toledo (attack 8+12 = 20 vs 3, win). Then Badajoz has 1 knight defending (def 3) + I build another knight → 2 knights next turn. Slightly better defense.

Hmm, but then Toledo gets 7 troops instead of 8. Negligible difference.

Actually, let me reconsider: is it better to keep a garrison in Badajoz or to maximize Toledo's garrison? Toledo's garrison will attack Cordoba or Madrid next turn. More troops there = better. But Badajoz's defense matters if the enemy attacks.

You know what, let me keep it simple: send all 8 from Badajoz to Toledo. If the enemy takes Badajoz back, I'll retake it. The enemy is spread thin.

Hmm, actually, wait. Let me reconsider. There's a real risk: if the enemy attacks Badajoz (from Salamanca) and takes it, then Salamanca (which I just took) is now bordered by an enemy Badajoz... and the enemy could then attack Coimbra from Badajoz. Chain reaction. But this takes multiple turns.

Let me hedge: send 4 archer + 3 knight from Badajoz to Toledo (7 troops, attack 20 vs 3, win, loss ~1.5, Toledo gets ~5-6 troops). Keep 1 knight in Badajoz. Then build 1 knight at Badajoz → 2 knights next turn. Effective defense ~5. Better.

Hmm, but actually, even 2 knights (def 5) won't stop a 44-attack enemy army. But it costs them more losses.

Ugh, I'm overthinking. Let me just send all 8 to Toledo. The enemy's Salamanca army is 13 troops; if they attack Badajoz they lose ~1.5 and I retake it easily. Meanwhile Toledo gets 8 troops for the next push.

Hmm, actually, no. Let me think about it differently. The most valuable thing is maintaining my village count and pushing forward. Let me send all 8 to Toledo.

Hmm, wait, actually, here's a cleaner thought: what if I DON'T attack Toledo from Badajoz, but instead keep Badajoz's army to defend, and attack Toledo from... no, only Badajoz and [11] Cordoba connect to Toledo. Cordoba is enemy. So only Badajoz can attack Toledo from my side.

OK, decision: send all 8 from Badajoz to Toledo.

Hmm, wait, actually, let me reconsider once more. What if the enemy attacks Coimbra this turn? Coimbra would be empty (I send all 20 to Salamanca) + 1 new knight. The enemy from Salamanca (13 troops) → Coimbra: attack 44 vs Coimbra def 3 (1 knight). Win, take Coimbra, lose ~1.5. Then I've lost Coimbra (a village) but gained Salamanca. Net: I have Salamanca instead of Coimbra... wait, no. If the enemy takes Coimbra, I lose Coimbra but I'm taking Salamanca (which becomes mine). So my village count: I lose Coimbra, gain Salamanca → net 0 change, but I've shifted the border. And my Coimbra army is destroyed (20 troops lost!). That's catastrophic.

Wait, no. Let me re-read: if I send Coimbra's 20 troops to Salamanca and they WIN, the survivors stay in Salamanca. Coimbra is empty. If the enemy attacks Coimbra (from Salamanca... but wait, if I'm attacking Salamanca from Coimbra, the enemy in Salamanca is fighting my attack. Can the enemy ALSO send troops from Salamanca to Coimbra? 

Orders are simultaneous. The enemy writes orders based on the snapshot. If the enemy orders "Salamanca → Coimbra" and I order "Coimbra → Salamanca", then both armies march. My army arrives at Salamanca and fights Salamanca's garrison (which includes the troops that didn't leave, if any). The enemy's army arrives at Coimbra and fights Coimbra's garrison (empty, except the new build... but builds take 1 turn).

Hmm, this is a real concern. If the enemy sends Salamanca's troops to attack Coimbra while I send Coimbra's troops to attack Salamanca, then:
- My 20 troops vs Salamanca's remaining garrison (if the enemy sent some away, fewer defenders). If the enemy sent all 13 away, Salamanca has 0 defenders → my army takes it with minimal losses. 
- Enemy's 13 troops vs Coimbra's garrison (0, since I sent all away, and the build isn't done yet) → enemy takes Coimbra easily.

So I'd gain Salamanca, lose Coimbra. Net village count: same (I had Coimbra, now I have Salamanca). But my 20 troops would be in Salamanca (survivors), and the enemy's 13 troops would be in Coimbra. Then next turn, from Coimbra (enemy) they could attack Santarem or Porto. And my Salamanca garrison could attack Madrid.

Hmm, this isn't necessarily bad, but it's risky and I'd lose Coimbra's position.

To avoid this, I could keep a small garrison in Coimbra. But Coimbra has 20 troops and I want them all for the Salamanca attack (bigger army = smaller share lost).

Alternatively, accept the risk. The enemy might not order a Salamanca→Coimbra attack. Given the fog, the enemy doesn't know I'm attacking Salamanca (orders are simultaneous, based on the snapshot where Coimbra has 20 troops). Hmm, but the enemy sees Coimbra has 20 troops and might anticipate an attack.

Actually, the enemy sees the snapshot: Coimbra (mine) has 20 troops, Salamanca (theirs) has 13. They might order a preemptive attack on Coimbra, or they might order Salamanca→somewhere else, or build.

I can't control the enemy's choice. Let me just go with the strong attack and hope.

Hmm, actually, wait. Let me reconsider. What if instead of attacking Salamanca from Coimbra, I reinforce Coimbra (from Lisboa, Santarem) and build more, then attack Salamanca next turn with a bigger army? The downside: the enemy gets another turn to reinforce Salamanca.

But the upside: I avoid the "mutual swap" risk, and I get a bigger army for the Salamanca attack (smaller share lost).

Let me estimate: if I reinforce Coimbra with Lisboa's 1 archer + Santarem's 1 knight (2 troops) and build 1 knight at Coimbra, then next turn Coimbra has 20 + 2 + 1 = 23 troops (plus builds at Lisboa, Santarem). Then attack Salamanca with 23 troops. But the enemy might have reinforced Salamanca too (they added 7 archer + 9 knights last turn = 16 troops; if they do something similar, Salamanca could have 29 troops, def ~72). Then my 23 troops (attack ~52) vs 72 → LOSE. Bad!

So waiting is risky because the enemy can reinforce Salamanca a lot. Last turn they added 16 troops to Salamanca. If they do that again, Salamanca becomes much stronger.

Therefore, attacking NOW is better. Strike while it's at 33 defense.

OK, final decision: attack Salamanca now with all 20 Coimbra troops.

Let me also reconsider: should I attack Salamanca with all 20, or keep 1 knight in Coimbra? If I keep 1 knight (send 12 archer + 7 knight = attack 24+28 = 52 vs 33, still win), then Coimbra has 1 knight for defense. And I build another knight → 2 knights next turn. That reduces the attack from 52 to... 52 vs 33, win, losses = 16.5 spread over 52 = 31.7% → lose ~4 archers, ~2 knights. Keep ~6 archers, ~5 knights = 11 in Salamanca. vs sending all 20: 56 vs 33, losses 16.5/56 = 29.5% → lose ~4 archers, ~2 knights, keep ~8 archers, ~6 knights = 14 in Salamanca.

The difference: 11 vs 14 troops in Salamanca, and 0 vs 2 troops in Coimbra. I think having a garrison in Coimbra is worth the 3 fewer troops in Salamanca. Let me keep 1 knight in Coimbra and send 12 archer + 7 knight.

Hmm, wait, but actually, the loss is "worth half the loser's effective force" = 16.5. If the loss is spread over troop types proportionally... Let me just approximate. Keeping 1 knight in Coimbra: send 12 archer + 7 knight = 19 troops. Attack 52 vs 33. Win. Lose ~16.5 worth. If spread by attack proportion: archers 24/52 = 46% → lose 46% of 16.5 = 7.6 attack from archers = ~4 archers; knights 28/52 = 54% → lose 8.9 attack from knights = ~2 knights. So keep 8 archers + 5 knights = 13 in Salamanca. Plus Coimbra has 1 knight + 1 new build = 2 knights.

vs sending all 20: keep ~8 archers + 6 knights = 14 in Salamanca, Coimbra has 0 + 1 build = 1 knight.

Difference: 13 vs 14 in Salamanca, 2 vs 1 in Coimbra. Marginal. Let me keep 1 knight in Coimbra for safety. Send 12 archer + 7 knight.

Hmm, actually, you know what, let me simplify and just send everything. The difference is tiny. Let me send all 20. If Coimbra gets attacked, so be it — I'll have Salamanca.

Hmm, no. Let me keep 1 knight in Coimbra. It's a small price for defense. Send 12 archer + 7 knight.

Wait, actually, I realize there might be an even better option: what if I keep MORE troops in Coimbra and attack Salamanca with fewer? No — bigger attack army = smaller share lost. The loss is fixed at ~16.5 regardless of my army size. So a bigger army keeps more troops. Sending all 20 keeps 14; sending 19 keeps 13. So sending all keeps more total troops (14 + 0 = 14) vs (13 + 1 = 14). Same total! Because the loss is fixed.

Interesting. So the total troops conserved is the same whether I keep 1 knight or not (since the loss is fixed at 16.5, and I keep 20 - losses... wait, no). Let me redo: if I send 20 troops and lose 16.5 attack worth (~6 troops), I keep 14 troops (in Salamanca) + 0 in Coimbra = 14 total. If I send 19 troops and lose the same 16.5 attack worth (~6 troops), I keep 13 (in Salamanca) + 1 (in Coimbra) = 14 total. Same!

But the loss in troop count might differ slightly based on composition. Roughly the same. So it doesn't matter much. Let me keep 1 knight in Coimbra for the defensive value (a knight in Coimbra defends against attacks on Coimbra, which is more valuable than an extra archer in Salamanca, since Salamanca is a strong fortress).

Hmm, but actually, an extra archer in Salamanca increases its defense too. Ugh. OK, let me just keep 1 knight in Coimbra. Send 12 archer + 7 knight.

Hmm, wait, actually, let me reconsider. Let me re-examine: is the loss really fixed at half the loser's force? "The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself."

Yes, the loss amount is fixed (half the loser's effective force). So my total surviving troops = my sent troops - loss. If I send 20 and lose 6, I keep 14. If I send 19 and lose 6, I keep 13. So sending 20 keeps 1 more troop overall. But that troop is in Salamanca vs Coimbra.

Since the loss is fixed in "value" (attack worth), and my army composition affects how many troops that translates to... Let me just send all 20. Simpler, and I keep slightly more.

OK FINAL: send all 20 from Coimbra to Salamanca.

Hmm, hold on, but there's the risk of the enemy attacking Coimbra. If the enemy does, Coimbra has 0 troops (before the build completes) and falls. Then I lose Coimbra as a village (my count drops) but gain Salamanca. Net count unchanged, but I've lost the strategic position and my 20 troops are now in Salamanca (good) while the enemy has 13 troops in Coimbra (bad, they're now deep in my territory).

Hmm, that's actually quite bad. The enemy in Coimbra could then attack Santarem (1 turn) or Porto (2 turns). 

Let me hedge by keeping 2-3 troops in Coimbra. If the enemy attacks Coimbra with 13 troops vs my 2-3 troops, they still win (def ~5 vs attack 44) but lose ~2.5 troops. Then Coimbra falls with ~10 enemy troops. Still bad but slightly less bad.

Hmm, honestly, keeping a garrison that can't hold doesn't help much. The issue is the enemy's 13 troops are too many for a small garrison to stop.

But wait — would the enemy really attack Coimbra? They just lost 8 troops in Salamanca last turn (13 left). They might be rebuilding. And they don't know I'm attacking Salamanca (simultaneous orders). If they're rebuilding, they won't attack. If they're aggressive, they might.

I'll take the risk. Send all 20 to Salamanca. If the enemy attacks Coimbra, I'll deal with it next turn (retake Coimbra from Salamanca? no, Coimbra would be enemy, and I'd attack from Santarem or Porto).

Hmm, actually, wait. If the enemy takes Coimbra, then from Coimbra they can attack Santarem [1] and Porto [6] (both mine). That's a real threat. And Santarem and Porto are near my capital Lisbon. 

Ugh. OK, let me hedge: keep 1 knight in Coimbra. Send 12 archer + 7 knight (19 troops). Attack 52 vs 33, win. Coimbra keeps 1 knight + 1 new build = 2 knights next turn. If the enemy attacks Coimbra with 13 troops vs 2 knights (def 5), they win but lose ~2.5. Then Coimbra has ~10 enemy troops. Still falls, but...

You know, I don't think a small garrison changes the outcome much. Let me just go all-in on the attack. Send all 20.

Hmm, no wait. Let me think about this differently. What's the worst case if the enemy attacks Coimbra? I lose Coimbra (village count 9 → 8 during the turn, then +1 for Salamanca = 9). And my 20 troops are in Salamanca. The enemy has ~11 troops in Coimbra. Next turn, I could attack Coimbra from Santarem (1 knight + 1 build = 2 knights, attack 8) vs 11 enemy troops (def ~22) → lose. Or from Porto (1 knight + 1 build = 2 knights, attack 8) → lose. So I couldn't easily retake Coimbra. The enemy would then push deeper. Bad.

So the worst case is quite bad. Let me hedge: keep 1 knight in Coimbra. Actually, let me keep 2 knights in Coimbra and send 12 archer + 6 knight (attack 24 + 24 = 48 vs 33, win). Coimbra keeps 2 knights + 1 build = 3 knights next turn (def ~7.5). Still can't hold against 13 enemy troops, but better.

Hmm, honestly, none of these hold. The fundamental issue is the enemy has 13 troops in Salamanca and I can't leave a big garrison in Coimbra while also attacking Salamanca.

Alternative approach: DON'T attack Salamanca this turn. Instead, reinforce Coimbra (from Lisboa, Santarem) and build, so Coimbra has 20 + 2 + 1 = 23 troops. Then the enemy can't attack Coimbra (they'd lose). And next turn, attack Salamanca with 23 troops. But then the enemy reinforces Salamanca...

Argh. It's a dilemma.

Let me think about what the enemy is likely to do. The enemy's recent behavior: they attacked Cordoba and Badajoz last turn (aggressive), and reinforced Salamanca. So they're aggressive. They might attack Coimbra this turn.

But actually, wait — if the enemy attacks Coimbra from Salamanca, they'd send troops from Salamanca to Coimbra. But they might ALSO want to defend Salamanca against my expected attack. They can't do both (one send per village per turn). So if they attack Coimbra, Salamanca's defense is reduced (only the troops they leave behind defend it). If they leave all 13 in Salamanca to defend, they can't attack Coimbra.

So the enemy faces the same dilemma. If they guess I'm attacking Salamanca, they'd keep troops there to defend (and maybe reinforce). If they guess I'm not, they might attack Coimbra.

Given that Salamanca is a valuable village and the enemy just reinforced it, they'll likely keep troops there to defend. So attacking Coimbra is less likely.

I'll go with attacking Salamanca. And to hedge slightly, I'll keep 1 knight in Coimbra.

FINAL MOVEMENTS:
1. [3] Coimbra → [7] Salamanca: 12 archer, 7 knight (keep 1 knight in Coimbra)
2. [4] Badajoz → [8] Toledo: 4 archer, 4 knight
3. [15] Murcia → [16] Valencia: 1 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight
4. [5] Faro → [9] Sevilha: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 5 knight

BUILDS:
- [0] Lisboa: 1 knight
- [1] Santarem: 1 knight
- [2] Evora: 1 knight
- [3] Coimbra: 1 knight
- [4] Badajoz: 1 knight
- [5] Faro: 1 knight
- [6] Porto: 1 knight
- [9] Sevilha: 2 archer
- [15] Murcia: 1 knight

Wait, I need to double check the Coimbra send. Coimbra has 12 archer + 8 knight = 20 troops. I want to send 12 archer + 7 knight, keeping 1 knight. ✓.

Hmm, wait, but actually, let me reconsider keeping 1 knight vs 0. If I keep 1 knight, my attack is 52 vs 33 (win). If I send all 20, attack is 56 vs 33 (win). Both win. The difference in losses: with 52 attack, I lose 16.5/52 = 31.7%; with 56, 29.5%. So keeping 1 knight costs me about 2% more losses = fraction of a troop. Negligible. And I get 1 knight in Coimbra. Worth it. Keep 1 knight.

Hmm, actually, wait. Let me reconsider whether to keep the knight or an archer. If I keep 1 knight in Coimbra, the defense is 2 (knight def 2). If I keep 1 archer, also def 2. Same. But for the attack, removing a knight reduces attack by 4, removing an archer reduces by 2. So keeping an archer (sending 11 archer + 8 knight = attack 22+32 = 54) is better than keeping a knight (52). Let me keep 1 archer instead! Send 11 archer + 8 knight = 19 troops, attack 54 vs 33. Win. Keep 1 archer in Coimbra.

Hmm, but then Coimbra has 1 archer + 1 new knight build = 1 archer + 1 knight next turn. Defense = (2+2)*1.25 = 5. vs keeping 1 knight + 1 knight build = 2 knights, def 5. Same defense. But the attack power is higher with keeping an archer (54 vs 52). So keep 1 archer. 

Actually, hmm, but wait: the loss is spread over troop types. With 11 archer + 8 knight (attack 54), loss 16.5: archers share 22/54 = 41% → 6.8 attack = ~3.4 archers; knights share 32/54 = 59% → 9.7 attack = ~2.4 knights. Keep ~7.6 archers + ~5.6 knights. With 12 archer + 7 knight (attack 52): archers 24/52 = 46% → 7.6 attack = ~3.8 archers; knights 28/52 = 54% → 8.9 attack = ~2.2 knights. Keep ~8.2 archers + ~4.8 knights.

Total kept: 7.6+5.6 = 13.2 vs 8.2+4.8 = 13.0. About the same. OK whatever, let me keep 1 archer (send 11 archer + 8 knight).

Hmm, this is really overthinking. Let me just send 12 archer + 8 knight (all 20) and move on. The difference is half a troop.

NO wait. I decided to keep a garrison for safety. Let me keep 1 archer. Send 11 archer + 8 knight.

Ugh, OK, let me just decide: send 11 archer + 8 knight from Coimbra to Salamanca, keep 1 archer in Coimbra.

Hmm, actually, hold on. Let me reconsider the whole thing once more. Let me reconsider whether keeping a garrison in Coimbra is even worth it. If the enemy attacks Coimbra with 13 troops, my 1 archer (def 3) falls. So the garrison doesn't prevent the loss of Coimbra; it just costs the enemy ~1.5 extra troops. Is that worth 1 archer? The archer would otherwise be in Salamanca, adding 2 to its attack (not needed, already winning) and 2 to its defense. 

Hmm, if Salamanca has 1 more archer, its defense is 1 higher, which might help if the enemy counterattacks Salamanca. But the enemy counterattacking Salamanca would come from Madrid [12] (7 knights), not from Coimbra (if Coimbra is mine).

OK, I'll keep 1 archer in Coimbra. Final.

Actually, let me reconsider AGAIN (sorry). Let me think about what's most likely to happen and optimize.

Most likely enemy actions (my guess): The enemy will probably defend and rebuild. They might:
- Reinforce Salamanca (they did last turn).
- Attack somewhere (they attacked Cordoba and Badajoz last turn, but those are now mine again... wait, Cordoba is enemy again per the report? Let me check).

Wait, hold on. Let me re-read the "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" section:
- "King B attacked YOUR [11] Cordoba with 3 spearmen, 7 archers, 5 knights: the village FELL. Your garrison (2 spearmen, 3 archers, 2 knights) was destroyed."
- "King B attacked YOUR [4] Badajoz with 7 archers, 4 knights: the village FELL. Your garrison (8 archers, 3 knights) was destroyed."

So last turn, Cordoba and Badajoz were MINE and the enemy took them. Then:
- "You attacked [9] Sevilha with 4 spearmen, 6 archer, 2 knights: VICTORY, conquered." — Sevilha was enemy, I took it.
- "You attacked [4] Badajoz with 5 archers, 5 knights: VICTORY, conquered." — I retook Badajoz.
- "You attacked [15] Murcia with 2 spearmen, 3 archers, 1 knight: VICTORY, conquered." — I took Murcia (was enemy).

And the current "YOUR VILLAGES" list includes [4] Badajoz, [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia. But NOT [11] Cordoba. So Cordoba is currently ENEMY (the enemy took it last turn and I didn't retake it).

Wait, but the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" lists [11] Cordoba as ENEMY with garrison 2 spearmen, 5 archers, 4 knights, def 28. So yes, Cordoba is enemy.

So the situation: I have 9 villages. The enemy took Cordoba last turn. I retook Badajoz, Sevilha, Murcia.

OK so my plan to attack Cordoba from Sevilha next turn makes sense — Cordoba is enemy and adjacent to Sevilha.

Alright. Let me also reconsider: the enemy's attack on Cordoba last turn used 3 spearmen, 7 archers, 5 knights (15 troops) and won against my 7 defenders. Now Cordoba has 2 spearmen, 5 archers, 4 knights (11 troops) — they lost 4. And its defense is 28.

OK. Let me finalize the orders.

Actually, one more consideration on builds: should I build spearmen anywhere for defense? Spearmen counter knights. My villages might be attacked by knights. But spearmen have attack 1, weak for offense. Let me build knights and archers only.

Hmm, but actually, for the Cordoba attack, I want to think about composition. Cordoba: 2 spearmen, 5 archers, 4 knights. Most numerous: archer (5). To counter, I want knights most numerous. From Sevilha (after Faro arrives): 7 spearman, 7 archer, 6 knight + 2 new archers = 7 spearman, 9 archer, 6 knight. Most numerous: archer (9). No counter.

To get knights most numerous, I'd need to not send archers/spearmen, or send more knights. I only have 6 knights. If I send 6 knights + 5 spearmen + 5 archers = 16 troops, knights most numerous (6 > 5). Attack = 24 + 5 + 10 = 39, ×1.5 = 58.5 vs 28. Win. Loss = 14 spread over 39 = 36% → lose ~5.4 attack from knights (1.4 knights), ~5 from archers (2.5 archers), ~5 from spearmen (5 spearmen). So lose ~1 knight, ~3 archers, ~5 spearmen = 9 troops. Keep 7.

vs sending all 22: attack 49, no bonus, vs 28. Loss = 14/49 = 29% → lose ~4 archers, ~2 knights, ~2 spearmen = 8 troops. Keep 14.

So sending all keeps 14 troops in Cordoba vs 7 with the bonus approach. Since Cordoba becomes interior (neighbors Toledo, Sevilha, Murcia all mine), I don't need a big garrison. But 14 is still more than 7, and more troops = better for future attacks from Cordoba (e.g., toward Teruel [13] or back toward... Cordoba connects to [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia — all mine. So Cordoba is a dead end! It doesn't lead to any new enemy villages. Hmm!

Wait: Cordoba [11] connects to [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia. If all three are mine, then Cordoba is interior and doesn't open new fronts. So taking Cordoba is just +1 village count, with no further expansion. Hmm. That makes it less valuable.

Hmm, so what villages DO open new fronts? Let me think about the graph:
- Toledo [8] connects to [4] Badajoz (mine), [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel. So from Toledo I can attack Cordoba, Madrid, Teruel.
- Madrid [12] connects to [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza. From Madrid: Zaragoza (new!).
- Zaragoza [17] connects to [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona. From Zaragoza: Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona (new!).
- Tarragona [21] connects to [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [22] Barcelona (capital). From Tarragona: Barcelona!
- Burgos [14] connects to [10] Vigo, [12] Madrid, [19] Pamplona. From Burgos: Pamplona (new!).
- Teruel [13] connects to [8] Toledo, [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon. From Teruel: Zaragoza, Castellon (new!).
- Castellon [18] connects to [13] Teruel, [16] Valencia, [21] Tarragona. From Castellon: Tarragona (new!).
- Valencia [16] connects to [13] Teruel, [15] Murcia (mine), [18] Castellon. From Valencia: Teruel, Castellon (new!).
- Vigo [10] connects to [6] Porto (mine), [14] Burgos. From Vigo: Burgos (new!).
- Pamplona [19] connects to [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza, [20] Huesca. From Pamplona: Huesca (new!).
- Huesca [20] connects to [17] Zaragoza, [19] Pamplona, [23] Girona. From Huesca: Girona (new!).
- Girona [23] connects to [20] Huesca, [22] Barcelona.
- Barcelona [22] connects to [21] Tarragona, [23] Girona.

So the enemy's interior villages (that don't lead to new areas if surrounded by mine): Cordoba [11] (leads only to Toledo, Sevilha, Murcia — all mine after I take Toledo).

So Cordoba is a "dead end" village — taking it gives +1 but no expansion. Still needed for the 18 count (or for elimination).

Let me count what I need: I have 9. I need 18 (9 more) or eliminate all 15 enemy.

Enemy villages: Salamanca(7), Toledo(8), Vigo(10), Cordoba(11), Madrid(12), Teruel(13), Burgos(14), Valencia(16), Zaragoza(17), Castellon(18), Pamplona(19), Huesca(20), Tarragona(21), Barcelona(22), Girona(23) = 15.

To reach 18, I need 9 of these 15. The easiest 9: Salamanca, Toledo, Vigo, Cordoba, Madrid, Burgos, Valencia, Zaragoza, Castellon. Or skip Cordoba and take Pamplona instead. Either way, 9.

Let me plan the expansion tree:
1. Take Salamanca [7] (from Coimbra) → opens Madrid [12], and reinforces border.
2. Take Toledo [8] (from Badajoz) → opens Cordoba [11], Madrid [12], Teruel [13].
3. Take Valencia [16] (from Murcia) → opens Teruel [13], Castellon [18].
4. Take Cordoba [11] (from Sevilha) → dead end, but +1.
5. Take Madrid [12] (from Salamanca or Toledo) → opens Burgos [14], Zaragoza [17].
6. Take Vigo [10] (from Porto) → opens Burgos [14].
7. Take Burgos [14] (from Vigo or Madrid) → opens Pamplona [19].
8. Take Zaragoza [17] (from Madrid) → opens Pamplona [19], Huesca [20], Tarragona [21].
9. Take Castellon [18] (from Valencia) → opens Tarragona [21].
10. Take Teruel [13] (from Toledo or Valencia) → opens Zaragoza [17], Castellon [18].

So to get 9 new villages, I could take: Salamanca, Toledo, Valencia, Cordoba, Madrid, Vigo, Burgos, Zaragoza, Castellon = 9. That gives 18 total.

Or: Salamanca, Toledo, Valencia, Madrid, Zaragoza, Castellon, Teruel, Burgos, Vigo = 9.

OK. This turn: take Salamanca, Toledo, Valencia (3). Next turn: take Cordoba (from Sevilha), Madrid (from Salamanca), and maybe Vigo (from Porto, if reinforced) or Burgos.

Let me now write the plan text: "Turn 24: take Salamanca, Toledo, Valencia. Turn 25: take Cordoba (from Sevilha), Madrid (from Salamanca). Turn 26: take Vigo (from Porto), Burgos (from Madrid/Vigo), Zaragoza (from Madrid). Turn 27: Castellon, Teruel. Build knights every turn. Reach 18 by turn 27-28."

OK let me now write the JSON. Let me be careful with the format.

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 3, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 4, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 5, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 6, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 9, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 15, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 3, "toId": 7, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 11, "knight": 8}},
    {"fromId": 4, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 4, "knight": 4}},
    {"fromId": 15, "toId": 16, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 2, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 5, "toId": 9, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 3, "knight": 5}}
  ],
  "plan": "...",
  "statement": "..."
}

Wait, I need to double check the Coimbra send: 11 archer + 8 knight = 19 troops, keeping 1 archer. Coimbra has 12 archer, 8 knight. ✓.

Hmm, wait. Actually, let me reconsider keeping 1 archer vs sending all. You know what, let me just send all 20. I've spent too long on this. The risk of the enemy taking Coimbra is real but I'll deal with it. And actually, if the enemy sends Salamanca's troops to Coimbra, then Salamanca has fewer defenders, making my attack even easier. And my troops end up in Salamanca either way.

Hmm, but if the enemy takes Coimbra, I lose a village (count goes 9→8 then +1 Salamanca = 9). And the enemy has troops in Coimbra, threatening my interior. That's the bad part.

OK, compromise: keep 1 archer in Coimbra. Send 11 archer + 8 knight. Final answer.

Hmm, wait, actually, let me reconsider one more option: what if I DON'T attack Salamanca, and instead send Coimbra's troops to reinforce Porto (1 turn, medium speed since archers are medium)? Then next turn Porto has 21 troops and can attack Vigo (easy) AND... no, one send. Porto attacks Vigo with 21 troops, takes it. Then from Vigo → Burgos next turn.

But then Salamanca remains enemy, and the enemy might attack Coimbra (now empty). Hmm, but I'd build 1 knight in Coimbra.

Alternatively, send Coimbra's troops to Salamanca. Take it.

I'll go with attacking Salamanca. It's the aggressive, gains-a-village move.

Let me also double check: the march from Coimbra to Salamanca takes 1 turn (they're adjacent). So the attack resolves next turn. Good.

Now let me also verify the Badajoz → Toledo and Murcia → Valencia and Faro → Sevilha march times: all 1 turn (adjacent). Good.

Let me write the plan and statement.

Plan: "This turn take Salamanca (Coimbra), Toledo (Badajoz), Valencia (Murcia) — 3 villages, reaching 12. Reinforce Sevilha with Faro's army for the Cordoba attack next turn. Build knights in all 9 villages to replenish. Next turns: take Cordoba (Sevilha), Madrid (Salamanca/Toledo), Vigo (Porto), then push to Burgos, Zaragoza, Castellon, Teruel. Target 18 villages by turn 27-28. Keep garrisons in Coimbra and Badajoz to guard the border."

Statement: "My armies struck on three fronts: Coimbra's host took Salamanca, Badajoz's took Toledo, Murcia's took Valencia. Faro's entire garrison marched to Sevilha to prepare the assault on Cordoba. I ordered knights built in every village — the ranks must be replenished. Three enemy villages fall today; I am now at 12, and the road to Madrid, Burgos, and Zaragoza lies open."

Hmm, the statement says "what you did THIS turn" — but the orders are for the upcoming turn. I think the statement should describe the orders as actions being taken. Let me phrase it as a declaration.

Actually, re-reading the instructions: "statement: 2 to 4 lines telling the audience what you did THIS turn. It may have emotion. This text never comes back to you." And "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" is a separate section describing the previous turn. So "this turn" = the turn I'm ordering now. The statement is my declaration of what I'm doing. OK.

Let me write it in a narrative style as if these actions are happening.

Let me finalize. Also, I should double check the build at Sevilha: 2 archers costs 40 wood, 20 iron. Sevilha has wood 40, iron 20. Exactly enough. ✓.

And Faro build: 1 knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Faro has wood 30, iron 60. ✓.

Let me also double check: after sending Faro's troops away, Faro has 0 troops, then builds 1 knight. Fine.

One more check on Murcia: send 1 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight (all 4), then build 1 knight. Murcia has wood 30, iron 60. ✓.

And Badajoz: send 4 archer, 4 knight (all 8), build 1 knight (30/30, has 30/60). ✓.

And Coimbra: send 11 archer, 8 knight, keep 1 archer, build 1 knight (30/30, has 30/130). ✓.

Alright. Let me also reconsider: should I build in Lisboa and Santarem? They're interior and safe. Lisboa: 1 knight (30/30, has 40/30). ✓. Santarem: 1 knight (30/30, has 30/60). ✓. Evora: 1 knight (30/30, has 30/40). ✓. Porto: 1 knight (30/30, has 35/130). ✓.

Total builds: 8 knights + 2 archers = 10 troops. Good.

Let me write the final JSON.

Actually, hold on. Let me reconsider the plan text length: "2 to 6 lines (anything past 600 characters is cut off)". Let me keep it under 600 characters.

Plan: "Take Salamanca (from Coimbra), Toledo (from Badajoz), Valencia (from Murcia) this turn — reach 12 villages. Reinforce Sevilha with Faro's army; attack Cordoba next turn. Build knights in all villages. Then push: Madrid from Salamanca, Vigo from Porto, Burgos/Zaragoza from Madrid. Target 18 villages by turn 28."

Let me count characters... roughly 350. Good.

Statement: "Three fronts struck today: Salamanca fell to Coimbra's host, Toledo to Badajoz, Valencia to Murcia. Faro's entire army marched to Sevilha to ready the strike on Cordoba. I ordered knights built in every village to replenish the ranks. Twelve villages are mine now — the road north to Madrid and Zaragoza is open."

That's 4 lines. Good.

Let me write the JSON now.

Wait, one issue: the JSON fields "plan" and "statement" are strings. Let me make sure they're properly escaped.

Also, I should double check: the instructions say "Reply with ONE valid JSON object and nothing else - no text before or after it." So I output only the JSON.

Let me also double check the movement troop counts don't exceed what's available:
- Coimbra: 12 archer, 8 knight available. Send 11 archer, 8 knight. ✓ (keep 1 archer)
- Badajoz: 4 archer, 4 knight. Send 4, 4. ✓
- Murcia: 1 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. Send 1, 2, 1. ✓
- Faro: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 5 knight. Send 4, 3, 5. ✓

Good.

One more thought: should I send Faro's troops to Sevilha, or should I keep them in Faro and attack something else? Faro connects to [2] Evora (mine), [4] Badajoz (mine), [9] Sevilha (mine). No enemy neighbors. So Faro can't attack anything directly. Sending to Sevilha (which can attack Cordoba) is the right move. ✓.

Alternatively, send Faro's troops to Badajoz to reinforce the Toledo attack? But Badajoz's attack is already sufficient (24 vs 3). And Faro→Badajoz takes 1 turn, same as Faro→Sevilha. But then Badajoz would have 8 + 12 = 20 troops, and I could attack Cordoba from... no, Badajoz doesn't connect to Cordoba. Badajoz connects to Toledo, Salamanca, Sevilha, Santarem, Faro. So from Badajoz I could attack Toledo, Salamanca, or Sevilha (mine). Hmm, Badajoz → Sevilha is a reinforcement (mine). Not useful.

Actually, Badajoz → Toledo is the attack. And Badajoz → Salamanca is another attack. But I'm attacking Salamanca from Coimbra. Two attacks on Salamanca from different sources would fight separately — first Coimbra's (20 troops) vs Salamanca (33) → win, Salamanca taken. Then Badajoz's army arrives at Salamanca (now mine) and reinforces. That works! But Badajoz's troops would be better used taking Toledo.

Let me stick with my plan: Badajoz → Toledo, Faro → Sevilha.

Hmm, but wait: what if instead I send Faro's troops to Badajoz, and then Badajoz attacks Toledo with 20 troops? That's overkill for Toledo (def 3). And then Sevilha has only 8 troops for the Cordoba attack (insufficient, 15 vs 28, lose). So no. Keep Faro → Sevilha.

OK, final JSON.

Actually, let me reconsider the Sevilha build once more. Sevilha will have 8 (original) + 12 (from Faro) + 2 (built archers) = 22 troops next turn. To attack Cordoba (def 28), I send all 22: attack = 7 spearman (7) + 9 archer (18) + 6 knight (24) = 49 vs 28. Win. Loss = 14 spread over 49 = 29% → lose ~7 troops, keep 15 in Cordoba. Cordoba becomes interior. Fine.

Alternatively, I could split: send some to Cordoba and keep some in Sevilha. But Sevilha's neighbors are [4] Badajoz (mine), [5] Faro (mine), [11] Cordoba (enemy). So after taking Cordoba, Sevilha is interior. Keeping a garrison there is good for defense but not critical.

Let me plan to send all 22 from Sevilha to Cordoba next turn. But that's next turn's order, not this turn.

OK, writing the JSON now.

Hmm, actually, one more consideration about this turn's builds: I'm building 1 knight in Coimbra, which will be available next turn. If I keep 1 archer in Coimbra now, then next turn Coimbra has 1 archer + 1 knight = 2 troops. If the enemy took Coimbra this turn (arriving with troops), then next turn Coimbra is enemy and my build... hmm, does the build still happen? If the village is conquered by the enemy, my build there would be cancelled presumably. Anyway.

Let me finalize.

Actually, let me reconsider whether to build in Coimbra at all, given I'm keeping only 1 archer there. Building 1 knight gives 2 troops. Fine, do it.

Let me write it.

Final JSON:

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 3, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 4, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 5, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 6, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 9, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 15, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 3, "toId": 7, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 11, "knight": 8}},
    {"fromId": 4, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 4, "knight": 4}},
    {"fromId": 15, "toId": 16, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 2, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 5, "toId": 9, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 3, "knight": 5}}
  ],
  "plan": "Take Salamanca (Coimbra), Toledo (Badajoz), Valencia (Murcia) this turn — reach 12 villages. Reinforce Sevilha with Faro's army; attack Cordoba next turn. Build knights in all villages. Then push: Madrid from Salamanca, Vigo from Porto, Burgos/Zaragoza from Madrid. Target 18 by turn 28.",
  "statement": "Three fronts struck today: Salamanca fell to Coimbra's host, Toledo to Badajoz, Valencia to Murcia. Faro's entire army marched to Sevilha to ready the strike on Cordoba. I ordered knights built in every village to replenish the ranks. Twelve villages are mine now — the road north to Madrid and Zaragoza lies open."
}

Let me double check the plan character count: "Take Salamanca (Coimbra), Toledo (Badajoz), Valencia (Murcia) this turn — reach 12 villages. Reinforce Sevilha with Faro's army; attack Cordoba next turn. Build knights in all villages. Then push: Madrid from Salamanca, Vigo from Porto, Burgos/Zaragoza from Madrid. Target 18 by turn 28." 

Count: roughly 300 characters. Good, under 600.

Statement: 4 lines, good.

I'm fairly confident. Let me output.

Actually, wait. Let me reconsider one thing about the Coimbra→Salamanca attack composition and the counter bonus. My army: 11 archer + 8 knight. Most numerous: archer (11). Defender Salamanca: 4 archer + 9 knight. Most numerous: knight (9). Archer counters spearman, not knight. No bonus. Attack = 22 + 32 = 54 vs 33. Win. ✓.

What if I make knights most numerous? I'd need > 11 knights. I only have 8. Can't. So no bonus. Fine.

What if I add spearmen? I don't have any in Coimbra. Fine.

OK, output.

Hmm, one more sanity check on the Badajoz→Toledo attack: 4 archer + 4 knight, most numerous tie (4-4) → breaks in order spearman, archer, knight → archer. Defender Toledo: 1 knight → most numerous knight. Archer counters spearman, not knight. No bonus. Attack = 8 + 16 = 24 vs def 3. Win. ✓.

Murcia→Valencia: 1 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous: archer (2). Defender Valencia: 1 archer, 1 knight → tie → archer. Archer vs archer: no counter. Attack = 1 + 4 + 4 = 9 vs 5. Win. ✓.

Faro→Sevilha: reinforcement (mine), no combat. ✓.

Good. Output.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"cavaleiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":3,"destinoId":7,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":11,"cavaleiro":8}},{"origemId":4,"destinoId":8,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":4,"cavaleiro":4}},{"origemId":15,"destinoId":16,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":5,"destinoId":9,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":5}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [0]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [1]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [2]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [3]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [4]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [5]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [6]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [9]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [9]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [15]
ACEITO envio [3]->[7]: 11A+8K
ACEITO envio [4]->[8]: 4A+4K
ACEITO envio [15]->[16]: 1S+2A+1K
ACEITO envio [5]->[9]: 4S+3A+5K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Take Salamanca (Coimbra), Toledo (Badajoz), Valencia (Murcia) this turn — reach 12 villages. Reinforce Sevilha with Faro's army; attack Cordoba next turn. Build knights in all villages. Then push: Madrid from Salamanca, Vigo from Porto, Burgos/Zaragoza from Madrid. Target 18 by turn 28.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): Three fronts struck today: Salamanca fell to Coimbra's host, Toledo to Badajoz, Valencia to Murcia. Faro's entire army marched to Sevilha to ready the strike on Cordoba. I ordered knights built in every village to replenish the ranks. Twelve villages are mine now — the road north to Madrid and Zaragoza lies open.
########## TURNO 23 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3689 | resposta 4812 | raciocinio 4812 | finish content_filter | ms 65336
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B in a strategy game.
Let's analyze the state of the game.
Turn 23.
My goal: Hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.
Currently I hold 15 of 24 villages.
The enemy capital is Lisboa [0], but taking it is NOT required to win.
Let's see what villages I hold (15):
Barcelona (22), Tarragona (21), Girona (23), Castellon (18), Zaragoza (17), Huesca (20), Valencia (16), Teruel (13), Madrid (12), Pamplona (19), Burgos (14), Salamanca (7), Toledo (8), Cordoba (11), Vigo (10).
Wait, the list says:
YOUR VILLAGES (15): Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Castellon, Zaragoza, Huesca, Valencia, Teruel, Madrid, Pamplona, Burgos, Salamanca, Toledo, Cordoba, Vigo.
And the enemy holds (from the visible ones):
[15] Murcia (enemy, King A)
[4] Badajoz (enemy, King A) - wait, the log says "You attacked [4] Badajoz: VICTORY, conquered" but the current state says:
[4] Badajoz | ENEMY (King A) | garrison: 4 archers, 4 knights | effective defense: 20 (was 45, 5 turns ago) | march from [8] Toledo...
Wait, the "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" section says:
- You attacked [11] Cordoba: VICTORY, conquered
- You attacked [4] Badajoz: VICTORY, conquered
- King A attacked [9] Sevilha: VICTORY, conquered
- King A attacked [4] Badajoz: VICTORY, conquered
- King A attacked [7] Salamanca: DEFEAT
- King A attacked [10] Vigo: DEFEAT
- King A attacked [15] Murcia: VICTORY, conquered

Ah, the "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" lists multiple attacks, maybe from different turns or it's a summary of the last turn's actions. But the current state is what I should trust for the snapshot of Turn 23.
Let's look at the current state of villages:
My villages (15):
- Barcelona (22)
- Tarragona (21)
- Girona (23)
- Castellon (18)
- Zaragoza (17)
- Huesca (20)
- Valencia (16)
- Teruel (13)
- Madrid (12)
- Pamplona (19)
- Burgos (14)
- Salamanca (7)
- Toledo (8)
- Cordoba (11)
- Vigo (10)

Enemy villages visible:
- [15] Murcia (enemy)
- [4] Badajoz (enemy)
- [6] Porto (enemy)
- [3] Coimbra (enemy)
- [9] Sevilha (enemy)
- [5] Faro (enemy, last seen)

Unexplored:
- [1] Santarem
- [0] Lisboa (enemy capital)
- [2] Evora

Total villages: 24.
My villages: 15.
Enemy villages: Murcia (15), Badajoz (4), Porto (6), Coimbra (3), Sevilha (9), Faro (5), Lisboa (0), Santarem (1), Evora (2). That is 9 enemy/neutral villages. 15 + 9 = 24.
To win, I need to hold 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.
Currently I hold 15. I need 3 more villages to reach 18.
Which enemy villages can I attack and conquer this turn?
Let's look at the borders and march distances.
I have:
- [16] Valencia borders [15] Murcia (enemy). March from Valencia to Murcia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.
Valencia has: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Total troops: 2. Attack power: 6. Murcia defense: 10. Not enough to attack successfully, and Valencia has very few troops. But I can send reinforcements from nearby friendly villages, like Teruel [13] or Castellon [18] or Girona [23] or Barcelona [22] or Zaragoza [17].
Let's look at the march distances to Valencia [16]:
- Teruel [13] to Valencia [16]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Troops at Teruel: 1 spearman, 3 archer, 4 knight (attack power 23).
- Castellon [18] to Valencia [16]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Troops: 0 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight (attack power 14).
- Zaragoza [17] to Valencia [16]: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns.
- Barcelona [22] to Valencia [16]: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns.
- Girona [23] to Valencia [16]: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns.

Let's look at Salamanca [7] bordering [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto.
Salamanca has: 0 spearman, 4 archer, 9 knight (attack power 44). Effective defense: 33.
March from Salamanca [7] to:
- [6] Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Porto garrison: 1 knight, defense 3. This is extremely weak! I can conquer Porto easily.
- [3] Coimbra: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Coimbra garrison: 12 archers, 8 knights, defense 50.
- [4] Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Badajoz garrison: 4 archers, 4 knights, defense 20.
Wait, Badajoz is enemy. Can I attack Badajoz from Salamanca [7] or Toledo [8]?
Toledo [8] borders [4] Badajoz. Toledo has: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight (attack power 4).
Cordoba [11] borders [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia.
Cordoba has: 2 spearman, 5 archer, 4 knight (attack power 28).
March from Cordoba to:
- [9] Sevilha: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Sevilha garrison: 3 spearmen, 4 archers, 1 knight, defense 20.
- [15] Murcia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Murcia garrison: 1 spearman, 2 archers, 1 knight, defense 10.

Let's look at Vigo [10] bordering [6] Porto.
Vigo has: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight (attack power 6). March from Vigo to Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. But Vigo has very few troops.
Burgos [14] to Vigo [10]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Burgos has: 0 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight (attack power 14).
Pamplona [19] to Vigo [10]: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns.

Let's check the number of villages I need. I have 15. I need 18.
If I conquer Porto [6], Sevilha [9], and Murcia [15], I will have 18.
Let's see if I can launch attacks on Porto, Sevilha, and Murcia this turn.
Wait, the troops are at my villages. I can send them to attack.
Let's calculate the troops available and the attacks I can launch.
First, what about building troops?
Each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn.
Let's check the resource caps and costs:
spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron.
archer: 20 wood, 10 iron.
knight: 30 wood, 30 iron.

Let's check my villages' resources and what they can build:
- Barcelona (22): wood 40, iron 30.
Can build:
spearman: 15 wood -> can build 2 (needs 30 wood). But wood is 40. So 2 spearmen (30 wood, 0 iron).
archer: 20 wood, 10 iron -> can build 1 (20 wood, 10 iron).
knight: 30 wood, 30 iron -> can build 1 (30 wood, 30 iron).
Let's see: available troops to send from Barcelona: 6 spearman, 8 archer, 3 knight. But how many are actually at home? "troops at home: 17 / 300".
Wait, the report says:
"AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 6 spearman, 8 archer, 3 knight (attack power if all sent: 34)"
This means these are the troops currently in the village ready to be sent or kept.
Wait, can I build more troops this turn?
"Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."
Yes, I can order builds! The build order is for the next turn, so they will be ready in 1 turn (next turn).
Let's look at the resources and what we can build in each village.
Barcelona: wood 40, iron 30.
Can build:
- 1 knight (costs 30 wood, 30 iron). Leaves wood 10, iron 0.
- 1 archer (costs 20 wood, 10 iron). Leaves wood 20, iron 20.
- 2 spearmen (costs 30 wood, 0 iron). Leaves wood 10, iron 20.
Let's look at the total resources: wood 40, iron 30.
If we build 1 knight (30w, 30i) and 1 archer (20w, 10i) -> total 50w, 40i (not enough).
If we build 1 knight (30w, 30i) -> leaves 10w, 0i.
If we build 2 archers (40w, 20i) -> leaves 0w, 10i.
If we build 1 archer (20w, 10i) and 1 spearman (15w, 0i) -> 35w, 10i. Leaves 5w, 20i.
Let's look at what is useful. Knights are very powerful (attack 4, defense 2, fast, counters archers). Archers are also good (attack 2, defense 2, medium, counters spearmen).
Let's look at all my villages and their resources:
- Barcelona (22): wood 40, iron 30.
- Tarragona (21): wood 40, iron 20.
- Girona (23): wood 30, iron 60.
- Castellon (18): wood 40, iron 30.
- Zaragoza (17): wood 30, iron 20.
- Huesca (20): wood 30, iron 20.
- Valencia (16): wood 40, iron 20.
- Teruel (13): wood 40, iron 30.
- Madrid (12): wood 40, iron 30.
- Pamplona (19): wood 30, iron 20.
- Burgos (14): wood 40, iron 20.
- Salamanca (7): wood 30, iron 60.
- Toledo (8): wood 30, iron 30.
- Cordoba (11): wood 30, iron 30.
- Vigo (10): wood 45, iron 30.

Let's look at the troop counts and where we want to attack.
To conquer Porto [6], we can attack from Salamanca [7] or Vigo [10].
Porto defense is 3 (1 knight). It's extremely weak.
If we send troops from Salamanca [7] to Porto [6]:
Salamanca has: 0 spearman, 4 archer, 9 knight.
If we send, say, 4 archer, 4 knight.
Attack power: archers (4 * 2 = 8), knights (4 * 4 = 16). Total attack = 24.
Wait! The most numerous type sets the counter matchup.
If we send 4 archers and 4 knights, it's a tie. Ties break in the order spearman, archer, knight. So archer is the most numerous (or tied but higher in order). Archer counters spearman. Porto has 1 knight, so no spearman. Thus, no counter bonus, but we have 24 attack vs 3 defense. We will win easily.
Wait, can we send more from Salamanca? We have 4 archer, 9 knight. We can send all of them: 4 archer, 9 knight.
Attack: 4 archers (8) + 9 knights (36) = 44. Most numerous is knight (9 vs 4). Knight counters archer. Porto has no archers, so no bonus. But 44 attack vs 3 defense is massive overkill.
Wait, is there any other village that can reinforce Salamanca?
Madrid [12] to Salamanca [7]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Madrid has: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight. Very few.
Zaragoza [17] to Salamanca [7]: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns.
Burgos [14] to Vigo [10]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Vigo to Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So Burgos -> Vigo -> Porto takes 2 turns. If we send from Burgos to Vigo, they arrive next turn, then from Vigo to Porto the turn after. Too slow if we want to attack this turn.
But we can attack Porto directly from Vigo [10]!
Vigo has: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Attack power 6. Defense of Porto is 3. 6 > 3, so we can win, but we might take losses. If we send from Vigo: 1 archer, 1 knight. Attack: 2 + 4 = 6. Defense of Porto: 3. We win, but how many losses?
Combat rules: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
Wait, how is attrition calculated? "attrition against the loser's effective force". Usually, it's some fraction or equal to the loser's attack, or something. But since Porto has only 1 knight (attack 4), our losses will be small.
But if we send from Salamanca, we have a much larger force, so we can absorb losses better or maybe we want to keep Vigo's troops.
Actually, if we send from Salamanca to Porto, they march 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn. So they arrive next turn!
Wait! "march from [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Porto.
This means if we send them this turn, they arrive next turn (Turn 24).
And from Vigo to Porto: "march from [10] Vigo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Porto. Also arrives next turn.
Wait, if we send from both Salamanca and Vigo, they arrive at the same time but "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So if we send from Salamanca and Vigo, they fight separately. That's fine, the first one will likely defeat Porto, and the second one will just occupy it or fight the already defeated garrison (which is gone). But wait, if the first one conquers it, does the second one just march in and join? Yes, "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements."
But if we send both to attack, the first one fights the enemy, the second one arrives and finds it friendly (if the first one won on the same turn? No, they arrive on the same turn, so they both arrive at the same time. But the rules say: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This means they fight sequentially. The first one fights the enemy garrison, wins, then the second one fights... wait, is the enemy garrison still there or is it gone? If the first one wins, the village is conquered, so the second one doesn't need to fight, or maybe it just joins. But to be safe, we can just send a small force from Vigo and a larger one from Salamanca, or just send from Salamanca and keep Vigo's troops for defense.
Wait, Vigo is a border village with Porto. If we leave Vigo weak, the enemy might attack it. But the enemy has no troops near Vigo except Porto, which has only 1 knight. So Vigo is safe for now.

Let's look at Sevilha [9].
Sevilha garrison: 3 spearmen, 4 archers, 1 knight. Defense 20.
We can attack from Cordoba [11] or Toledo [8] or Badajoz [4] (but Badajoz is enemy).
Cordoba has: 2 spearman, 5 archer, 4 knight. Attack power: 2*1 + 5*2 + 4*4 = 2 + 10 + 16 = 28.
Most numerous: archer (5) vs spearman (2) vs knight (4). Archer is most numerous. Archer counters spearman. Sevilha has 3 spearmen, so we get a counter bonus!
Wait, our attack is 28. With counter bonus (1.5x), effective attack is 28 * 1.5 = 42.
Sevilha defense is 20. 42 vs 20, we win easily!
March from Cordoba to Sevilha: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So they arrive next turn.
Can we send more from Cordoba? We can send all of them: 2 spearman, 5 archer, 4 knight.
Can we reinforce Cordoba?
Toledo [8] to Cordoba [11]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Toledo has 1 knight.
Teruel [13] to Cordoba [11]: wait, Teruel to Cordoba road: Teruel [13] -> [16] Valencia -> [11] Cordoba? Or Teruel [13] -> [8] Toledo -> [11] Cordoba?
Let's look at the road network:
Teruel [13] is connected to: [8], [16], [17], [18].
Cordoba [11] is connected to: [8], [9], [15].
So Teruel to Cordoba goes through Toledo [8]. That takes 2 turns (Teruel -> Toledo -> Cordoba).
What about Madrid [12] to Cordoba [11]? Madrid [12] -> [7] Salamanca -> ... no, Madrid [12] -> [8] Toledo -> [11] Cordoba. Also 2 turns.
So we can't reinforce Cordoba this turn to arrive with the attack. But Cordoba has enough troops (28 attack) to beat Sevilha (20 defense).

Let's look at Murcia [15].
Murcia garrison: 1 spearman, 2 archers, 1 knight. Defense 10.
We can attack from Valencia [16] or Cordoba [11].
Valencia has: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Attack power 6. Defense 10. We would lose if we attack with just Valencia.
But we can send reinforcements to Valencia this turn, and then next turn they attack Murcia. Or we can send from Cordoba to Murcia.
Cordoba to Murcia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
If we send from Cordoba to Murcia, we can send, say, 2 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight.
Attack: 2*1 + 3*2 + 2*4 = 2 + 6 + 8 = 16.
Most numerous: archer (3) vs spearman (2) vs knight (2). Archer counters spearman. Murcia has 1 spearman, so 1.5x bonus. 16 * 1.5 = 24 attack vs 10 defense. Easy win.
But if we send from Cordoba to Murcia, we can't send to Sevilha at the same time (unless we split, but Cordoba only has 2 spearman, 5 archer, 4 knight. If we split, both attacks might be weaker).
Wait, can we send from Valencia to Murcia?
If we send reinforcements to Valencia this turn, they arrive next turn, and then from Valencia to Murcia takes another turn. So they would attack on Turn 25.
But we want to conquer Murcia as soon as possible.
If we send from Cordoba to Murcia, they arrive next turn (Turn 24) and attack.
If we send from Valencia to Murcia, they arrive next turn (Turn 24) and attack. But Valencia only has 1 archer, 1 knight (attack 6 vs 10 defense, we lose).
So we should send from Cordoba to Murcia, or reinforce Valencia and send from Valencia next turn.
Actually, if we send from Cordoba to Murcia, we conquer it on Turn 24.
If we send from Cordoba to Sevilha, we conquer it on Turn 24.
Can we do both?
Cordoba has 2 spearman, 5 archer, 4 knight.
If we split them:
To Sevilha: 1 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. Attack: 1 + 4 + 8 = 13. Most numerous: archer (2) vs knight (2) vs spearman (1). Tie between archer and knight. Ties break in order spearman, archer, knight. So archer is most numerous. Counter bonus against spearmen (Sevilha has 3). 13 * 1.5 = 19.5 vs 20 defense. Very close, might lose or tie (tie favors defender).
To Murcia: 1 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight. Attack: 1 + 6 + 8 = 15. Most numerous: archer (3). Counter bonus against spearman (Murcia has 1). 15 * 1.5 = 22.5 vs 10 defense. Win.
But the Sevilha attack is too weak if split.
What if we send all of Cordoba to Sevilha, and send from somewhere else to Murcia?
Can we send from Valencia to Murcia if we reinforce Valencia?
Let's see: Valencia has 1 archer, 1 knight.
If we send troops from Teruel [13] to Valencia [16]:
Teruel has: 1 spearman, 3 archer, 4 knight.
March Teruel to Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So they arrive next turn (Turn 24).
Then on Turn 24, Valencia has: 1 archer, 1 knight (original) + 1 spearman, 3 archer, 4 knight (reinforcements) = 1 spearman, 4 archer, 5 knight.
Then on Turn 24, we can order them to attack Murcia. They march from Valencia to Murcia: 1 turn. So they arrive and attack on Turn 25.
If we send from Cordoba to Murcia, they arrive and attack on Turn 24.
So we can conquer Murcia on Turn 24 and Sevilha on Turn 24.
Let's check if we can send from Cordoba to Murcia and from somewhere else to Sevilha.
Toledo [8] borders Sevilha? No, Toledo [8] is connected to [4], [11], [12], [13]. Sevilha [9] is connected to [4], [5], [11]. So Toledo does not connect directly to Sevilha. Cordoba [11] connects to Sevilha [9].
So only Cordoba can attack Sevilha directly from my territory (unless we go through Badajoz [4], which is enemy, so we can't march through it without fighting).
Wait, "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination."
So we cannot march through Badajoz to reach Sevilha or Faro. We must attack Badajoz first.
So Cordoba is the only village that can attack Sevilha directly.
Thus, to conquer Sevilha, we must send from Cordoba.
To conquer Murcia, we can send from Cordoba or Valencia.
If we send all of Cordoba to Sevilha, we conquer Sevilha on Turn 24.
Then we need to conquer Murcia. We can send from Valencia, but we need to reinforce Valencia first.
Let's see if we can reinforce Valencia this turn.
Teruel [13] to Valencia [16]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Teruel has: 1 spearman, 3 archer, 4 knight.
If we send, say, 1 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight from Teruel to Valencia, they arrive on Turn 24.
Valencia on Turn 24 will have: 1 archer, 1 knight (original) + 1 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight = 1 spearman, 3 archer, 3 knight.
Attack power: 1 + 6 + 12 = 19. Most numerous: archer (3) vs knight (3). Tie, archer wins. Counter bonus vs spearman (Murcia has 1). 19 * 1.5 = 28.5 vs Murcia defense 10. Win!
And we can order Valencia to attack Murcia on Turn 24 (arrives Turn 25).
Wait, if we order Valencia to attack Murcia on Turn 24, they march 1 turn, so they arrive on Turn 25.
But if we send from Cordoba to Murcia on Turn 23, they arrive on Turn 24.
Can we send from Cordoba to Murcia and from Teruel to Valencia, and then from Valencia to Murcia?
If we send from Cordoba to Murcia, we use Cordoba's troops. Then Cordoba has no troops to attack Sevilha.
But we can send from Teruel to Cordoba?
Teruel [13] to Cordoba [11] goes through Toledo [8]. That takes 2 turns. So they wouldn't arrive in
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
COMBATE [11] Cordoba: atacante B Fatk=37 (ef 37) Fdef=14 (ef 18) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~9
COMBATE [4] Badajoz: atacante B Fatk=30 (ef 30) Fdef=22 (ef 28) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~14
REFORCO [7] Salamanca dono B: 7A+9K
COMBATE [9] Sevilha: atacante A Fatk=24 (ef 24) Fdef=10 (ef 13) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~6
REFORCO [3] Coimbra dono A: 2A+5K
COMBATE [4] Badajoz: atacante A Fatk=30 (ef 30) Fdef=12 (ef 15) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~8
COMBATE [7] Salamanca: atacante A Fatk=39 (ef 39) Fdef=42 (ef 53) vant=0 -> vence defensor | baixas~16
COMBATE [10] Vigo: atacante A Fatk=4 (ef 4) Fdef=4 (ef 5) vant=0 -> vence defensor | baixas~2
COMBATE [15] Murcia: atacante A Fatk=12 (ef 12) Fdef=6 (ef 8) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~4
placar: A 9 ald/tropas 20 | B 15 ald/tropas 123 | neutras 0 | transito 4 (A 4 | B 0)

########## TURNO 24 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4924 | resposta 17474 | raciocinio 12379 | finish stop | ms 167459
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 7, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 8, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 8, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 9, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 15, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 6, \"toId\": 10, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 7, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 6, \"knight\": 4}},\n    {\"fromId\": 15, \"toId\": 16, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 4, \"toId\": 8, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 3, \"toId\": 6, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 2, \"toId\": 5, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 7}},\n    {\"fromId\": 1, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 0, \"toId\": 1, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 1}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"This turn, we take Vigo and Madrid to secure the northern and central fronts. We reinforce Porto, Toledo, and Valencia to prepare for the next pushes. Next turn, Sevilha (reinforced by Faro) will attack Cordoba, and Toledo (reinforced by Badajoz) will attack Teruel. We continue building knights in all villages to maintain our military strength. Target 18 villages by turn 28.\",\n  \"statement\": \"This turn, my armies successfully conquered Salamanca, Toledo, and Valencia, bringing my total to 12 villages. Now, I am launching attacks on Vigo and Madrid to expand my territory. I am also sending reinforcements to the front lines to prepare for the next battles against Cordoba and Teruel. My goal remains to reach 18 villages by turn 28.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A in a strategy game. I need to analyze the current state of the game (Turn 24) and provide a JSON response with my orders (builds and movements), a plan for the next several turns, and a statement about what I did this turn.

Let's analyze the game state:
- Goal: Hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.
- Currently hold 12 of 24.
- Enemy capital is Barcelona [22], but taking it is NOT required to win.
- My capital is Lisboa [0], losing it does not lose the game.

Current Villages (12):
- [0] Lisboa (Capital): 2 troops (0 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight)
- [1] Santarem: 2 troops (0 spear, 0 archer, 2 knight)
- [2] Evora: 9 troops (0 spear, 2 archer, 7 knight)
- [3] Coimbra: 2 troops (0 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight)
- [4] Badajoz: 1 troop (0 spear, 0 archer, 1 knight)
- [5] Faro: 1 troop (0 spear, 0 archer, 1 knight) + marching out (4 spearmen, 3 archers, 5 knights) to [9] Sevilha, arrives in 1 turn.
- [6] Porto: 2 troops (0 spear, 0 archer, 2 knight)
- [7] Salamanca: 10 troops (0 spear, 6 archer, 4 knight)
- [8] Toledo: 8 troops (0 spear, 4 archer, 4 knight)
- [9] Sevilha: 10 troops (3 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight)
- [16] Valencia: 3 troops (1 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight)
- [15] Murcia: 1 troop (0 spear, 0 archer, 1 knight)

Enemy Villages visible:
- [10] Vigo: 1 archer, 1 knight (def 5)
- [11] Cordoba: 2 spear, 5 archer, 4 knight (def 28)
- [12] Madrid: 1 archer (def 3)
- [13] Teruel: 1 spear, 3 archer, 4 knight (def 20)
- [18] Castellon: 3 archer, 2 knight (def 13)

Known from before:
- [14] Burgos: enemy, last seen 1 archer, 1 knight
- [17] Zaragoza: enemy, last seen 1 knight

Unexplored:
- [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona (Enemy Capital), [23] Girona

Road Network:
- [0] Lisboa: [1], [2]
- [1] Santarem: [0], [3], [4]
- [2] Evora: [0], [5]
- [3] Coimbra: [1], [6], [7]
- [4] Badajoz: [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]
- [5] Faro: [2], [4], [9]
- [6] Porto: [3], [7], [10]
- [7] Salamanca: [3], [4], [6], [12]
- [8] Toledo: [4], [11], [12], [13]
- [9] Sevilha: [4], [5], [11]
- [10] Vigo: [6], [14]
- [11] Cordoba: [8], [9], [15]
- [12] Madrid: [7], [8], [14], [17]
- [13] Teruel: [8], [16], [17], [18]
- [14] Burgos: [10], [12], [19]
- [15] Murcia: [11], [16]
- [16] Valencia: [13], [15], [18]
- [17] Zaragoza: [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]
- [18] Castellon: [13], [16], [21]
- [19] Pamplona: [14], [17], [20]
- [20] Huesca: [17], [19], [23]
- [21] Tarragona: [17], [18], [22]
- [22] Barcelona: [21], [23]
- [23] Girona: [20], [22]

Armies on the march:
- Mine: 4 spearmen, 3 archers, 5 knights from [5] Faro to [9] Sevilha, arrives in 1 turn.
- Enemy: none sighted.

Last turn actions:
- Attacked [7] Salamanca with 11 archers, 8 knights -> Victory, conquered. Lost 9 troops, 10 stay.
- Attacked [8] Toledo with 4 archers, 4 knights -> Victory, conquered. Lost 0 troops, 8 stay.
- Attacked [16] Valencia with 1 spearman, 2 archers, 1 knight -> Victory, conquered. Lost 1 troop, 3 stay.

Wait, the report says "You attacked [7] Salamanca... VICTORY, conquered." but in the "YOUR VILLAGES" section, [7] Salamanca is listed as "YOUR CAPITAL? No, YOUR VILLAGES (12) includes [7] Salamanca as BORDER with [12] (enemy)". It says "You attacked [7] Salamanca... conquered". But [7] is already mine? Ah, "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" says I attacked Salamanca, Toledo, Valencia and conquered them. So they are now mine. That matches the current list of villages.

Let's check the front line and available troops to send.
Front line:
- [6] Porto faces [10] Vigo (enemy, def 5, 1 archer, 1 knight)
- [7] Salamanca faces [12] Madrid (enemy, def 3, 1 archer)
- [8] Toledo faces [11] Cordoba (def 28), [12] Madrid (def 3), [13] Teruel (def 20)
- [9] Sevilha faces [11] Cordoba (def 28)
- [16] Valencia faces [13] Teruel (def 20), [18] Castellon (def 13)
- [15] Murcia faces [11] Cordoba (def 28)

My plan from last turn: "Take Salamanca (Coimbra), Toledo (Badajoz), Valencia (Murcia) this turn — reach 12 villages. Reinforce Sevilha with Faro's army; attack Cordoba next turn. Build knights in all villages. Then push: Madrid from Salamanca, Vigo from Porto, Burgos/Zaragoza from Madrid. Target 18 by turn 28."
This plan was mostly executed. Salamanca, Toledo, Valencia were taken. Faro's army is marching to Sevilha (arrives in 1 turn).

Now, I need to decide on builds and movements for this turn (Turn 24).
Resources:
- [0] Lisboa: wood 40, iron 20. Can build: spearman (15w), archer (20w, 10i), knight (30w, 30i). Can only build 1 knight (30w, 30i) if we want, but iron is 20, so we can't build knight (needs 30 iron). We can build 2 archers (40w, 20i) or 2 spearmen (30w). Let's check: Lisboa has 40 wood, 20 iron. Archer costs 20 wood + 10 iron. So we can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Spearman costs 15 wood + 0 iron. We can build 2 spearmen (30 wood).
- [1] Santarem: wood 30, iron 50. Can build 2 knights (60 wood? No, only 30 wood. So 1 knight (30w, 30i) or 1 archer (20w, 10i) + 1 spearman (15w), etc. Let's maximize: 1 knight (30w, 30i) leaves 20 iron. Or 1 archer (20w, 10i) + 1 spearman (15w) - wait, 35 wood. So 1 archer + 1 spearman is 35 wood, but we only have 30. So 1 knight (30w, 30i) or 2 archers (40w - no, only 30 wood). So 1 knight (30w, 30i) or 1 archer (20w, 10i) + 1 spearman (15w) is 35 wood, not possible. 2 spearmen (30w). Let's build 1 knight.
- [2] Evora: wood 30, iron 30. Can build 1 knight (30w, 30i).
- [3] Coimbra: wood 30, iron 120. Can build 1 knight (30w, 30i) or 4 archers (80w - no, 30 wood). So 1 knight (30w, 30i) or 2 spearmen (30w).
- [4] Badajoz: wood 30, iron 50. Can build 1 knight (30w, 30i) or 2 spearmen (30w).
- [5] Faro: wood 30, iron 50. Can build 1 knight (30w, 30i).
- [6] Porto: wood 35, iron 120. Can build 1 knight (30w, 30i) or 2 spearmen (30w) or 1 archer (20w, 10i) + 1 spearman (15w).
- [7] Salamanca: wood 60, iron 80. Can build 2 knights (60w, 60i).
- [8] Toledo: wood 60, iron 50. Can build 1 knight (30w, 30i) + 1 archer (20w, 10i) + 1 spearman (15w) = 65 wood (too much). 1 knight (30w, 30i) + 1 archer (20w, 10i) = 50 wood, 40 iron. Or 2 knights (60w, 60i - no, only 50 iron). So 1 knight + 1 archer.
- [9] Sevilha: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20w, 10i) or 2 spearmen (30w).
- [16] Valencia: wood 70, iron 40. Can build 2 knights (60w, 60i - no, 40 iron). 1 knight (30w, 30i) + 1 archer (20w, 10i) = 50 wood, 40 iron. Or 4 spearmen (60w).
- [15] Murcia: wood 30, iron 50. Can build 1 knight (30w, 30i).

Let's focus on building knights where possible, as they are the strongest (attack 4, defense 2, speed fast). But we need to consider iron. Knights cost 30 wood + 30 iron.
Let's list the best builds for each village:
- [0] Lisboa: 2 archers (40w, 20i) or 2 spearmen (30w). Let's do 2 archers.
- [1] Santarem: 1 knight (30w, 30i).
- [2] Evora: 1 knight (30w, 30i).
- [3] Coimbra: 1 knight (30w, 30i).
- [4] Badajoz: 1 knight (30w, 30i).
- [5] Faro: 1 knight (30w, 30i).
- [6] Porto: 1 knight (30w, 30i).
- [7] Salamanca: 2 knights (60w, 60i).
- [8] Toledo: 1 knight (30w, 30i) + 1 archer (20w, 10i) = 50w, 40i. Or just 1 knight. Let's do 1 knight + 1 archer.
- [9] Sevilha: 1 archer (20w, 10i).
- [16] Valencia: 1 knight (30w, 30i) + 1 archer (20w, 10i) = 50w, 40i.
- [15] Murcia: 1 knight (30w, 30i).

Wait, the cap is 300 troops per village. Currently, most villages have very few troops (e.g., Lisboa has 2, Santarem 2, Evora 9, Coimbra 2, Badajoz 1, Faro 1, Porto 2, Salamanca 10, Toledo 8, Sevilha 10, Valencia 3, Murcia 1). So we can build a lot.

Let's think about the military strategy.
We have 12 villages. We need 18 to win (75% of 24).
Enemy villages we know: [10] Vigo, [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [18] Castellon, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza, and the unexplored ones [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona, [23] Girona. That's 12 enemy villages. Total 24.
To get to 18, we need to take 6 more enemy villages.
The easiest targets:
- [12] Madrid: def 3, 1 archer. March from [7] Salamanca (1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn) or [8] Toledo (1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn).
- [10] Vigo: def 5, 1 archer, 1 knight. March from [6] Porto (1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn).
- [18] Castellon: def 13, 3 archers, 2 knights. March from [16] Valencia (1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn).
- [13] Teruel: def 20, 1 spear, 3 archer, 4 knight. March from [16] Valencia or [8] Toledo.
- [11] Cordoba: def 28, 2 spear, 5 archer, 4 knight. March from [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia.

Let's look at the troop movements.
Faro [5] is sending 4 spearmen, 3 archers, 5 knights to [9] Sevilha. They arrive in 1 turn. This will reinforce Sevilha.
We need to attack Madrid, Vigo, Castellon, Teruel, Cordoba, etc.
Let's plan the attacks for this turn (Turn 24).
We can send troops from our border villages.
Available to send now:
- [6] Porto: 2 knights. Attack [10] Vigo (def 5, 1 archer, 1 knight). 2 knights have attack 8. Vigo defense is 5 (effective). Knight vs archer/knight: no counter bonus unless we have more of one type. 2 knights vs 1 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous: knights (2 vs 1). No counter bonus. Force: 2 knights = 8 attack. Defense: 5. 8 > 5, should win easily. But wait, defender gets tie advantage, but 8 vs 5 is not a tie. Winner loses half of loser's effective force. Loser effective force: 1 archer (attack 2) + 1 knight (attack 4) = 6. Winner loses 3 troops worth. Since we only have 2 knights, we might lose 1 knight? Let's calculate: 2 knights (attack 8) vs 1 archer, 1 knight (defense 5). Effective force: 8 vs 5. Winner loses half of loser's effective force (6 / 2 = 3). Our troops: 2 knights. We lose 3 "points" of troops. Knight is worth 30 wood + 30 iron, but in terms of force, it's 4 attack. So we might lose 1 knight (attack 4 > 3). Let's send more troops from Porto or nearby.
Wait, Porto has 2 knights at home. Coimbra [3] has 1 archer, 1 knight. Can we send from Coimbra to Porto to reinforce, then attack? No, simultaneous orders. We can send from Coimbra to Porto (reinforce) and from Porto to Vigo. But troops from Coimbra to Porto take 1 turn (1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn). So they wouldn't arrive this turn.
We can send from Porto to Vigo: 2 knights.
We can send from Salamanca [7] to Madrid [12]: Salamanca has 6 archers, 4 knights. Madrid has 1 archer (def 3). 6 archers, 4 knights vs 1 archer. Most numerous: archers. Archer vs archer? No counter bonus. Force: 6 archers (attack 12) + 4 knights (attack 16) = 28. Defense: 3. Easy win.
We can send from Toledo [8] to Cordoba [11] or Madrid [12] or Teruel [13]. Toledo has 4 archers, 4 knights. Cordoba has 2 spear, 5 archer, 4 knight (def 28). 4 archers, 4 knights vs 2 spear, 5 archer, 4 knight. Most numerous: archers (4 vs 5? No, 4 archers vs 5 archers, but we have 4 knights, they have 4 knights. Total troops: 8 vs 11. Most numerous type: archers (4 vs 5). So archers vs archers. No counter bonus. Force: 4 archers (8) + 4 knights (16) = 24. Defense: 28. 24 < 28, we lose! We need more troops or a counter bonus. If we send spearmen? We don't have many spearmen. Sevilha has 3 spearmen, 6 archers, 1 knight. If we send from Sevilha to Cordoba? Sevilha has 3 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight. Cordoba has 2 spear, 5 archer, 4 knight. Most numerous: archers (6 vs 5). Archer vs archer. Force: 3 spear (3) + 6 archer (12) + 1 knight (4) = 19. Defense 28. Still lose.
We need to reinforce Toledo or Sevilha first, or attack Madrid from Toledo instead of Cordoba.
Toledo to Madrid: 4 archers, 4 knights vs 1 archer (def 3). Force 24 vs 3. Easy win. But Madrid is also attacked from Salamanca. We should probably attack Madrid from Salamanca, and use Toledo to attack Cordoba with reinforcements from Badajoz [4] or Sevilha [9].
Wait, Badajoz [4] has 1 knight. Can send to Toledo [8] (1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn) or Sevilha [9] (1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn).
Sevilha [9] has 3 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight. Faro [5] is sending 4 spear, 3 archer, 5 knight to Sevilha, arriving in 1 turn. So next turn Sevilha will have 7 spear, 9 archer, 6 knight. That's a huge army.
This turn, Sevilha has 3 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight. We can send some to Cordoba or Murcia [15] or Badajoz [4].
Let's look at the map.
To attack Cordoba [11], we can come from Toledo [8], Sevilha [9], or Murcia [15].
Murcia [1] has 1 knight. Too weak.
Sevilha has 10 troops. If we send all from Sevilha to Cordoba: 3 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight. Force: 3 spear (3) + 6 archer (12) + 1 knight (4) = 19. Cordoba defense 28. Lose.
What if we send from Toledo [8] to Cordoba? Toledo has 4 archer, 4 knight. Force 24. Defense 28. Lose.
We need to combine forces, but we can't combine different villages' armies on the same turn to the same target. They fight separately. So we must attack with a single army that can win.
To defeat Cordoba (def 28), we need an army with effective force > 28.
If we attack from Sevilha next turn (after Faro's army arrives), we will have 7 spear, 9 archer, 6 knight.
Let's calculate the force of 7 spear, 9 archer, 6 knight vs Cordoba (2 spear, 5 archer, 4 knight, def 28).
Most numerous: archers (9 vs 5). Archer vs archer. No counter bonus.
Force: 7 spear (7) + 9 archer (18) + 6 knight (24) = 49. Defense 28. 49 > 28, win!
So we should wait to attack Cordoba next turn, or attack with Toledo if we can reinforce it.
Can we reinforce Toledo this turn?
Toledo is connected to Badajoz [4], Cordoba [11], Madrid [12], Teruel [13].
Badajoz [4] has 1 knight. Can send to Toledo.
Lisboa [0] is connected to Santarem [1], Evora [2]. Not directly to Toledo.
Evora [2] has 2 archer, 7 knight. Can send to Badajoz [4] or Faro [5] or Lisboa [0]. To get to Toledo, Evora -> Badajoz -> Toledo (2 turns).
So we can't reinforce Toledo from far away this turn.
What about attacking Madrid [12] from Toledo [8] and Salamanca [7]?
If we attack Madrid from Salamanca: 6 archer, 4 knight vs 1 archer (def 3). Force 28 vs 3. Easy win.
If we attack Madrid from Toledo: 4 archer, 4 knight vs 1 archer. Force 24 vs 3. Easy win.
But we only need to take Madrid once. If we take it from Salamanca, Toledo is free to do something else, or just stay.
Wait, if we attack Madrid from both, they fight separately. The first one to arrive (same turn, but order matters? "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So one will fight the garrison, the other will fight the garrison plus the first attacker? No, "each send fights alone, one at a time." So the first send fights the original garrison. If it wins, it conquers the village and the surviving attackers stay as garrison. Then the second send arrives and fights the new garrison (which is the first send's survivors). This is bad because our own troops would fight each other! "Your own armies never fight each other: they pass freely." Wait, "Your own armies never fight each other: they pass freely." But if they are attacking the same village, do they fight? "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This implies they fight the garrison sequentially. If the first one conquers, the second one fights the new garrison (which is ours). But "Your own armies never fight each other: they pass freely." This might mean they don't attack each other if they are both ours, but the rule says "each send fights alone, one at a time." It's ambiguous. Usually, in these games, sending multiple attacks to the same target is bad because they might fight each other or waste troops. Better to coordinate: attack Madrid from Salamanca, and use Toledo to attack something else or just defend.
Wait, Madrid is connected to Salamanca [7], Toledo [8], Burgos [14], Zaragoza [17].
If we attack Madrid from Salamanca, we take it. Then Toledo is safe.
What about Vigo [10]? Porto [6] has 2 knights. Vigo has 1 archer, 1 knight (def 5). 2 knights vs 1 archer, 1 knight. Force 8 vs 5. Win. We lose some troops. Let's send 2 knights from Porto to Vigo.
What about Castellon [18]? Valencia [16] has 1 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight. Castellon has 3 archer, 2 knight (def 13). Force of Valencia: 1 spear (1) + 1 archer (2) + 1 knight (4) = 7. Defense 13. Lose. We need to reinforce Valencia or send from elsewhere. Valencia is connected to Teruel [13], Murcia [15], Castellon [18]. Murcia [15] has 1 knight. Can send to Valencia to reinforce, but they won't arrive this turn.
What about Teruel [13]? def 20. Valencia has 3 troops (def 7). Lose.
So the southern front (Valencia, Murcia) is weak. We should send troops from Sevilha or Toledo to Valencia? No, too far. We can send from Valencia to Castellon? No, we lose.
Maybe we should just defend Valencia and Murcia for now, and focus on the northern/central front: Vigo, Madrid, Cordoba.
Let's look at the unexplored villages. Barcelona [22] is the enemy capital. We don't need to take it, but we need 18 villages total. We have 12. We need 6 more.
Enemy villages: Vigo, Cordoba, Madrid, Teruel, Castellon, Burgos, Zaragoza, Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona, Barcelona, Girona. (12 enemy villages).
If we take Vigo, Madrid, Cordoba, Teruel, Castellon, that's 5. Plus 12 = 17. We need one more, e.g., Burgos or Zaragoza.
Let's focus on taking Vigo and Madrid this turn.
Vigo: from Porto [6]. Porto has 2 knights. We can also send from Coimbra [3] to Porto [6] to reinforce, but they take 1 turn. So they arrive next turn. This turn, Porto only has 2 knights. 2 knights vs 1 archer, 1 knight (def 5). Force 8 vs 5. Win, but we lose troops. Let's check losses: Loser (Vigo) has 1 archer, 1 knight. Effective force = 2 + 4 = 6. Winner loses half = 3. Our 2 knights have total attack 8. We lose 3 "force" worth of troops. Since knights are 4 attack each, we lose less than 1 knight? Actually, "The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types". Loser effective force is 6 (based on defense? No, "the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs" for effective force. Vigo defense is 5. So loser effective force is 5? Or is it the attacker's force? "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins... The LOSER is destroyed entirely... The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force". So loser is Vigo, its effective force is its defense = 5. Winner loses half of 5 = 2.5, rounded? Let's say 2 or 3. Our troops: 2 knights. We might lose 1 knight or just some HP. But in this game, troops are discrete. "spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself." So if we send 2 knights, we might lose 1 knight. If we send more, we lose the same absolute amount, so a smaller share. So it's better to send a larger army to reduce losses.
Can we send more from Porto? Porto only has 2 knights at home. We can build more this turn! Porto has wood 35, iron 120. We can build 1 knight (30w, 30i). So Porto will have 3 knights this turn (after build, before movement). Wait, builds happen before movement? "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." "Each village you hold produces resources every turn... resources are what build your army." "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS". So we order builds and movements. The builds will complete and then troops can march? Or do they march at the start of the turn? Usually, builds take 1 turn, so they are available at the start of the turn? "ready in 1 turn" means they are ready at the beginning of the turn? Or at the end? The report says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: ...". So the troops listed under "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" are already built. The builds we order this turn will be available next turn. So Porto has 2 knights available now. We can build 1 more knight this turn, which will be available next turn.
So this turn, Porto can only send 2 knights.
What about Coimbra [3]? It has 1 archer, 1 knight. Can send to Porto [6] (1 turn) to arrive next turn.
What about Salamanca [7]? It has 6 archer, 4 knights. Madrid has 1 archer (def 3). We can send all 10 troops to Madrid. Force: 6 archer (12) + 4 knight (16) = 28. Defense 3. Win easily. Losses: Loser effective force = 3. Winner loses half = 1.5. We lose almost nothing.
What about Toledo [8]? It has 4 archer, 4 knights. We can send to Madrid as well, but as discussed, we shouldn't attack the same target from two places unless we are sure. Better to send Toledo's troops to Cordoba [11]? But Cordoba has def 28. Toledo has 4 archer, 4 knight (force 24). 24 < 28, lose. So don't attack Cordoba from Toledo this turn.
What about attacking Teruel [13] from Toledo [8]? Teruel has 1 spear, 3 archer, 4 knight (def 20). Toledo has 4 archer, 4 knight (force 24). 24 > 20, win! Let's check counter: Toledo has 4 archer, 4 knight. Most numerous: tie between archer and knight. "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight". So archer is most numerous. Teruel has 1 spear, 3 archer, 4 knight. Most numerous: knight (4). So archer vs knight. Archer counters knight? No, "spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer." So knight counters archer. Since the enemy's most numerous is knight, and our most numerous is archer, the enemy has the counter bonus! "Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5". Wait, "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup... Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5". So if the enemy has the counter, do they get the bonus? "Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5". It doesn't say "attacker's counter" or "defender's counter". It says "Having the counter". So if the defender has the counter, they get the bonus? Usually, the counter is for the attacker. Let's re-read: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5 (every troop in it, not only the countering type). The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
This implies that if your most numerous type counters the enemy's most numerous type, you get the bonus. So if our most numerous is archer, and their most numerous is knight, then archer does NOT counter knight. Knight counters archer. So the enemy has the counter? Or do we only get the bonus if we have the counter? "Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5". If the enemy has the counter, do they get it? It says "your WHOLE army's force", referring to the army that has the counter. So if the attacker's most numerous counters the defender's most numerous, attacker gets 1.5x. If defender's most numerous counters attacker's most numerous, defender gets 1.5x? The text says "Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5". It doesn't specify attacker or defender, just "your army". So yes, defender can get the counter bonus if their most numerous type counters the attacker's most numerous type.
In this case: Toledo (attacker) has most numerous archer (4) or knight (4) -> tie breaks to archer. Teruel (defender) has most numerous knight (4). Archer vs knight: knight counters archer. So the defender (Teruel) has the counter! Their force is multiplied by 1.5.
Teruel defense: 20. With 1.5 bonus, effective defense = 30.
Toledo force: 24. 24 < 30, we lose!
So attacking Teruel from Toledo is a bad idea.

What about attacking Teruel from Valencia [16]? Valencia has 1 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight. Force 7. Teruel def 20. Lose.

What about attacking Castellon [18] from Valencia [16]? Valencia force 7. Castellon def 13. Lose.

So the southern/eastern front is too weak to attack. We should reinforce them.
Let's look at the troop movements.
We have Faro [5] sending 4 spear, 3 archer, 5 knight to Sevilha [9]. This is good.
We can send from Sevilha [9] to Murcia [15] or Valencia [16]? Sevilha to Murcia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn? Road: [9] Sevilha is connected to [4], [5], [11]. Not directly to [15] Murcia. [15] Murcia is connected to [11] Cordoba and [16] Valencia. So to get to Murcia, Sevilha must go through Cordoba (enemy). Can't march past an enemy village. So Sevilha cannot reinforce Murcia directly.
Sevilha to Valencia? No direct road. Must go through Cordoba or Badajoz -> Toledo -> etc. Too far.
So the southern front (Murcia, Valencia) is isolated from the main army unless we go through Cordoba.
We need to take Cordoba to link up, or send troops from Toledo to Teruel to Valencia? Toledo is connected to [4], [11], [12], [13]. So Toledo can send to Teruel [13] (1 turn). Then from Teruel to Valencia [16] (1 turn). But Teruel is enemy, so we must conquer it first.
So the plan should be:
1. Take Madrid [12] from Salamanca [7].
2. Take Vigo [10] from Porto [6].
3. Take Cordoba [11] from Toledo [8] or Sevilha [9] after reinforcing.
4. Take Teruel [13] from Toledo [8] after taking Cordoba? Or from Valencia [16] after reinforcing.

Let's check the resources and builds to maximize our army.
We need to build as many knights as possible because they are the best troops (attack 4, defense 2, speed fast).
Let's list the builds for this turn (Turn 24):
- [0] Lisboa: wood 40, iron 20. Build 2 archers (40w, 20i). (Or 2 spearmen, but archers are better vs spearmen, and we have many archers already). Let's build 2 archers.
- [1] Santarem: wood 30, iron 50. Build 1 knight (30w, 30i).
- [2] Evora: wood 30, iron 30. Build 1 knight (30w, 30i).
- [3] Coimbra: wood 30, iron 120. Build 1 knight (30w, 30i).
- [4] Badajoz: wood 30, iron 50. Build 1 knight (30w, 30i).
- [5] Faro: wood 30, iron 50. Build 1 knight (30w, 30i).
- [6] Porto: wood 35, iron 120. Build 1 knight (30w, 30i).
- [7] Salamanca: wood 60, iron 80. Build 2 knights (60w, 60i).
- [8] Toledo: wood 60, iron 50. Build 1 knight (30w, 30i) + 1 archer (20w, 10i) = 50w, 40i. Or 2 knights? 60w, 60i - no, only 50 iron. So 1 knight + 1 archer.
- [9] Sevilha: wood 30, iron 20. Build 1 archer (20w, 10i). (Can't build knight, needs 30 iron).
- [16] Valencia: wood 70, iron 40. Build 1 knight (30w, 30i) + 1 archer (20w, 10i) = 50w, 40i. Or 2 knights? 60w, 60i - no, 40 iron. So 1 knight + 1 archer.
- [15] Murcia: wood 30, iron 50. Build 1 knight (30w, 30i).

Total knights built: 1+1+1+1+1+1+2+1+1+1 = 11 knights! Plus some archers.
This will greatly increase our strength.

Now, movements for this turn:
We want to attack Vigo and Madrid.
- From Porto [6] to Vigo [10]: send 2 knights. (We only have 2 available now, the 1 we build will be ready next turn). Wait, if we build 1 knight in Porto, does it become available this turn for movement? "ready in 1 turn" means it takes 1 turn to build. If we order it this turn, it will be ready at the end of this turn or start of next turn? The report says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight". So the 2 knights are already built. The build order we place this turn will complete next turn. So we can only send the 2 knights now.
- From Salamanca [7] to Madrid [12]: send 6 archers, 4 knights. This will take Madrid easily.
- From Toledo [8]: we can't attack Cordoba (lose) or Teruel (lose with counter). We can attack Madrid, but Salamanca is already doing that and it's closer. Better to send Toledo's troops to reinforce somewhere or just stay. Wait, Toledo is connected to Madrid [12]. If Salamanca attacks Madrid and wins, Madrid becomes ours. Then Toledo's troops could just stay. But if we send Toledo's troops to Madrid, they might fight the survivors of Salamanca's attack? "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up... each send fights alone, one at a time." If Salamanca attacks first (same turn, but order might matter), it conquers Madrid, survivors stay. Then Toledo's troops arrive and fight the new garrison (which is Salamanca's survivors). Since they are both ours, "Your own armies never fight each other: they pass freely." But the rule says "each send fights alone, one at a time" for the same target. It's risky. Better not to send to Madrid from Toledo.
What else can Toledo do? It can send troops to Badajoz [4] or Coimbra [3]? No, those are ours, we can send reinforcements. But they are interior. Toledo is on the front line. It's better to keep Toledo's troops there to defend or attack later.
Actually, we can send from Toledo to Cordoba [11] if we reinforce it first. But we can't reinforce and attack in the same turn from the same village. We can send from Badajoz [4] to Toledo [8] to reinforce it. Badajoz has 1 knight. Send 1 knight from Badajoz to Toledo. It takes 1 turn. So next turn Toledo will have 1 more knight.
We can also send from Evora [2] to Badajoz [4]? Evora has 2 archer, 7 knight. Send some to Badajoz to then go to Toledo. But that's 2 turns.
Let's focus on the immediate attacks: Vigo and Madrid.
We also have the army from Faro [5] arriving at Sevilha [9] in 1 turn. Next turn, Sevilha will be huge. Then we can attack Cordoba from Sevilha.
What about the army in Sevilha now? It has 3 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight. We can send some to Cordoba? No, we lose. We can send them to Badajoz [4] or Faro [5] to reinforce the rear, but that's pointless. Better to keep them in Sevilha to defend or wait for reinforcements.
Wait, Sevilha is connected to Cordoba [11]. If we don't attack, the enemy might attack Sevilha? Cordoba has 2 spear, 5 archer, 4 knight. Could they attack Sevilha? The enemy is King B. Do they attack? We don't know their orders. But we should defend Sevilha. It has def 25 (effective). With 10 troops, it's strong.
What about Valencia [16]? It has 3 troops. Teruel [13] has 7 troops. Could Teruel attack Valencia? Possibly. We should reinforce Valencia or Murcia.
Can we send from Toledo [8] to Valencia [16]? Road: Toledo is connected to [4], [11], [12], [13]. Valencia is connected to [13], [15], [18]. So Toledo -> Teruel [13] -> Valencia [16]. But Teruel is enemy, so we can't march past it. So Toledo cannot reinforce Valencia directly.
Can we send from Sevilha [9] to Murcia [15]? Sevilha -> Cordoba [11] -> Murcia [15]. Cordoba is enemy, so no.
So Valencia and Murcia are only reachable via Cordoba or Teruel. They are vulnerable.
But we can't easily reinforce them this turn.
Maybe we should just leave them and hope the enemy doesn't attack. Or we can send from Valencia to Castellon? No, we lose.
What about sending from Murcia [15] to Valencia [16]? Murcia has 1 knight. Valencia has 1 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight. Send the knight from Murcia to Valencia? Road: Murcia is connected to [11] Cordoba and [16] Valencia. Yes! Murcia is directly connected to Valencia! Let's check the road network: "[15] Murcia (yours): [11], [16]". Yes! So Murcia can send to Valencia directly.
So we can send the 1 knight from Murcia [15] to Valencia [16] to reinforce it. It takes 1 turn (1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn). So it arrives next turn.
This is good. Valencia will then have 1 spear, 1 archer, 2 knights.
What about sending from Valencia to somewhere? Valencia is connected to [13] Teruel, [15] Murcia, [18] Castellon. It can attack Castellon [18] or Teruel [13]. But as calculated, it loses. So just defend.

Let's summarize the movements:
1. Porto [6] -> Vigo [10]: 2 knights.
2. Salamanca [7] -> Madrid [12]: 6 archers, 4 knights.
3. Murcia [15] -> Valencia [16]: 1 knight.
4. Faro [5] -> Sevilha [9]: already marching (4 spear, 3 archer, 5 knight), arrives in 1 turn.
5. Badajoz [4] -> Toledo [8]: 1 knight (to reinforce Toledo for next turn).
6. Coimbra [3] -> Porto [6]: 1 archer, 1 knight? Coimbra has 1 archer, 1 knight. Porto is connected to Coimbra [3]. Send them to Porto to reinforce for next turn. Porto will then have more troops to attack Vigo or Burgos.
7. Evora [2] -> Badajoz [4]: Evora has 2 archer, 7 knight. Badajoz is connected to Evora? Road: [2] Evora is connected to [0], [5]. Not directly to Badajoz [4]. [4] Badajoz is connected to [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. So Evora -> Faro [5] -> Badajoz [4]. Or Evora -> Lisboa [0] -> Santarem [1] -> Badajoz [4]. Too many turns. So can't easily send from Evora to Badajoz.
What about Santarem [1] -> Badajoz [4]? Santarem is connected to [0], [3], [4]. Yes! Santarem can send to Badajoz. Santarem has 2 knights. Send them to Badajoz to reinforce the front. Or send to Coimbra [3] -> Porto [6].
Let's look at the map:
Santarem [1] -> Badajoz [4] (1 turn). Badajoz -> Toledo [8] (1 turn). So 2 turns to Toledo.
Santarem [1] -> Coimbra [3] (1 turn). Coimbra -> Porto [6] (1 turn). So 2 turns to Porto.
We want to reinforce the fronts.
Porto needs troops to attack Vigo and then Burgos. Coimbra [3] has 1 archer, 1 knight. Send them to Porto [6] (1 turn). Next turn Porto will have 2 knights + 1 archer + 1 knight = 1 archer, 3 knights.
Salamanca [7] is attacking Madrid. After taking Madrid, we can attack Burgos or Zaragoza from Madrid. Salamanca can send troops to Madrid to hold it, but Salamanca is already sending all 10 troops. After the battle, some will stay as garrison. We can build in Salamanca this turn (2 knights) to have fresh troops next turn.
Toledo [8] is not attacking this turn. We can send its troops to somewhere useful, or just keep them. Badajoz [4] has 1 knight. Send to Toledo [8] to reinforce it. Next turn Toledo will have 4 archer, 4 knight + 1 knight = 4 archer, 5 knights. Then it can attack Cordoba or Teruel.
What about Lisboa [0]? It has 1 archer, 1 knight. Can send to Santarem [1] (1 turn) to then go to Badajoz or Coimbra. Or just keep them. Let's send to Santarem to build up the central route.
Evora [2] has 2 archer, 7 knight. This is a big army. Where can it go? Evora is connected to Lisboa [0] and Faro [5]. Faro is sending its army to Sevilha. Evora can send to Faro [5] (1 turn) and then to Sevilha [9] (1 turn) or Badajoz [4] (1 turn). So Evora can reach the front in 2 turns. Let's send Evora's army to Faro [5] this turn, so next turn they can go to Sevilha or Badajoz. But Faro is already sending its army to Sevilha. If Evora sends to Faro, they will arrive at Faro next turn. Then from Faro they can go to Sevilha or Badajoz. This is good for building up the southern front (Sevilha) or central (Badajoz -> Toledo).
Actually, Sevilha is the key to Cordoba. We want to attack Cordoba from Sevilha next turn. Faro's army (4 spear, 3 archer, 5 knight) arrives at Sevilha next turn. Sevilha currently has 3 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight. So next turn Sevilha will have 7 spear, 9 archer, 6 knight. That's 22 troops. Enough to attack Cordoba (def 28). Force: 7 spear (7) + 9 archer (18) + 6 knight (24) = 49. Defense 28. Win.
But wait, Cordoba has 2 spear, 5 archer, 4 knight. Most numerous: archer (5). Sevilha's most numerous: archer (9). Archer vs archer, no counter. So force 49 vs 28. Win.
What about Evora's army? If we send Evora to Faro, then next turn to Sevilha, Sevilha would have even more troops. But we might not need that many. We can send Evora to Badajoz [4] instead, to then go to Toledo [8] to attack Cordoba from the north.
Let's plan:
- Salamanca takes Madrid.
- Porto takes Vigo.
- Next turn: Sevilha attacks Cordoba. Toledo (reinforced by Badajoz) attacks Cordoba? No, only one attack per village. Better to attack Cordoba from Sevilha, and Toledo can attack Teruel [13] or Madrid [12] (if we haven't taken it) or just defend.
Wait, if Sevilha attacks Cordoba, Toledo can attack Teruel [13] at the same time. Let's check if Toledo can attack Teruel next turn.
Next turn, Toledo will have its current 4 archer, 4 knight + 1 knight from Badajoz = 4 archer, 5 knight. Teruel has 1 spear, 3 archer, 4 knight (def 20).
Toledo most numerous: knight (5) or archer (4)? Knight (5). Teruel most numerous: knight (4). Knight vs knight, no counter.
Force: 4 archer (8) + 5 knight (20) = 28. Defense 20. 28 > 20, win!
So next turn, Toledo can attack Teruel and win!
This is a great plan.
So this turn, we need to:
- Send Badajoz's 1 knight to Toledo [8].
- Send Evora's army to Faro [5] (or Badajoz? Evora -> Faro -> Badajoz is 2 turns. Evora -> Lisboa -> Santarem -> Badajoz is 3 turns. So Evora -> Faro is better). But Faro is sending its army to Sevilha. If Evora sends to Faro, the troops will be at Faro next turn. Then they can go to Badajoz (1 turn) or Sevilha (1 turn). So they can join the front.
Actually, we can send Evora's army to Sevilha directly? Road: Evora [2] is connected to [0] Lisboa and [5] Faro. Sevilha [9] is connected to [4] Badajoz, [5] Faro, [11] Cordoba. So Evora -> Faro -> Sevilha. That's 2 turns. So if we send Evora to Faro this turn, they arrive at Faro next turn. Then from Faro to Sevilha the turn after. So they won't reach Sevilha until turn 26. That's fine, we can wait.
But we also have Coimbra [3] sending to Porto [6]. Coimbra has 1 archer, 1 knight. Send to Porto to reinforce for the push to Vigo/Burgos.
Santarem [1] has 2 knights. Send to Coimbra [3]? Or to Badajoz [4]? Let's send to Badajoz [4] to reinforce the route to Toledo. Santarem -> Badajoz is 1 turn. Badajoz already sends 1 knight to Toledo. If Santarem sends 2 knights to Badajoz, next turn Badajoz will have 2 knights (plus the 1 we build this turn? Badajoz builds 1 knight this turn, so next turn it has 3 knights). Then they can go to Toledo.
Actually, we don't need that many troops in Toledo. 4 archer, 5 knight is enough for Teruel.
Let's focus on the builds and movements for this turn.

Builds:
- [0] Lisboa: 2 archers (40w, 20i)
- [1] Santarem: 1 knight (30w, 30i)
- [2] Evora: 1 knight (30w, 30i)
- [3] Coimbra: 1 knight (30w, 30i)
- [4] Badajoz: 1 knight (30w, 30i)
- [5] Faro: 1 knight (30w, 30i)
- [6] Porto: 1 knight (30w, 30i)
- [7] Salamanca: 2 knights (60w, 60i)
- [8] Toledo: 1 knight (30w, 30i) + 1 archer (20w, 10i)
- [9] Sevilha: 1 archer (20w, 10i)
- [16] Valencia: 1 knight (30w, 30i) + 1 archer (20w, 10i)
- [15] Murcia: 1 knight (30w, 30i)

Movements:
1. [6] Porto -> [10] Vigo: 2 knights. (Attack)
2. [7] Salamanca -> [12] Madrid: 6 archers, 4 knights. (Attack)
3. [15] Murcia -> [16] Valencia: 1 knight. (Reinforce)
4. [4] Badajoz -> [8] Toledo: 1 knight. (Reinforce)
5. [3] Coimbra -> [6] Porto: 1 archer, 1 knight. (Reinforce)
6. [2] Evora -> [5] Faro: 2 archers, 7 knights. (Reinforce/Maneuver) - Wait, Evora has 2 archer, 7 knight available? "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 2 archer, 7 knight". Yes. Send all to Faro.
7. [1] Santarem -> [4] Badajoz: 2 knights. (Reinforce) - Santarem has 2 knights available. Send to Badajoz.
8. [0] Lisboa -> [1] Santarem: 1 archer, 1 knight. (Reinforce) - Lisboa has 1 archer, 1 knight. Send to Santarem to keep the chain.
9. [5] Faro -> [9] Sevilha: already marching (4 spear, 3 archer, 5 knight). No need to order again.

Wait, we need to be careful about the order of attacks. If Salamanca attacks Madrid, and we also send from Lisboa to Santarem, etc., that's fine.
What about Sevilha? Should we send any troops from Sevilha this turn? Sevilha has 3 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight. If we keep them, they defend Sevilha. If we send them to Cordoba, we lose. So keep them.
What about Toledo? Toledo has 4 archer, 4 knights. We are sending 1 knight from Badajoz to Toledo. We don't send Toledo's troops anywhere this turn. They stay to defend or prepare for next turn.
What about Valencia? We send 1 knight from Murcia to Valencia. Valencia stays.
What about Porto? We send 2 knights to Vigo. Porto keeps 0 troops? After sending 2 knights, Porto has 0 troops at home. But we build 1 knight this turn, so next turn it will have 1 knight. And Coimbra sends 1 archer, 1 knight, arriving next turn. So Porto will have 1 archer, 2 knights next turn. That's okay for defense.
Wait, if Porto has 0 troops after sending, is it vulnerable? The enemy might attack Porto from Vigo? Vigo is enemy, but if we attack Vigo, the battle happens at Vigo. If we lose, our troops are destroyed. If we win, Vigo becomes ours and our troops stay there. So Porto is safe unless the enemy attacks from somewhere else. Vigo is connected to Burgos [14]. Burgos could attack Porto? Road: Burgos [14] -> Vigo [10] -> Porto [6]. But Vigo is enemy, so Burgos would have to go through Vigo. If we conquer Vigo, then Burgos can attack Porto through Vigo. But that's next turn.
So sending all troops from Porto is okay.

Let's double check the counter triangle and forces for the attacks.
Attack 1: Porto [6] -> Vigo [10]
Porto sends 2 knights.
Vigo garrison: 1 archer, 1 knight. Effective defense: 5.
Attacker force: 2 knights = 2 * 4 = 8.
Defender most numerous: tie between archer and knight. Tie breaks to archer (spearman, archer, knight). So defender's most numerous is archer.
Attacker's most numerous: knight (2).
Knight vs archer: knight counters archer. So attacker has the counter bonus!
Attacker force = 8 * 1.5 = 12.
Defense = 5.
12 > 5, win easily.
Losses: Loser (Vigo) effective force = 5. Winner loses half = 2.5. Our 2 knights lose 2.5 force. Knight is 4 force. So we lose less than 1 knight? Actually, "spread over its troop types". We only have knights. So we lose 2.5/4 = 0.625 of a knight. Since troops are discrete, maybe we lose 1 knight? Or maybe the game calculates losses as integer troops. Let's assume we lose 1 knight. So 1 knight survives and stays in Vigo as garrison. That's fine.

Attack 2: Salamanca [7] -> Madrid [12]
Salamanca sends 6 archers, 4 knights.
Madrid garrison: 1 archer. Effective defense: 3.
Attacker force: 6 archers (12) + 4 knights (16) = 28.
Most numerous: archers (6). Defender most numerous: archer (1). Archer vs archer, no counter.
Force = 28. Defense = 3. Win.
Losses: Loser force = 3. Winner loses half = 1.5. We lose very few troops.

Attack 3: Murcia [15] -> Valencia [16] (Reinforce)
Murcia sends 1 knight. No battle, just joins garrison.

Movement 4: Badajoz [4] -> Toledo [8] (Reinforce)
Badajoz sends 1 knight. No battle.

Movement 5: Coimbra [3] -> Porto [6] (Reinforce)
Coimbra sends 1 archer, 1 knight. No battle.

Movement 6: Evora [2] -> Faro [5] (Reinforce)
Evora sends 2 archers, 7 knights. No battle.

Movement 7: Santarem [1] -> Badajoz [4] (Reinforce)
Santarem sends 2 knights. No battle.

Movement 8: Lisboa [0] -> Santarem [1] (Reinforce)
Lisboa sends 1 archer, 1 knight. No battle.

Let's check if we have enough resources for all these builds and movements.
Builds:
- Lisboa: 2 archers (40w, 20i). Has 40w, 20i. OK.
- Santarem: 1 knight (30w, 30i). Has 30w, 50i. OK.
- Evora: 1 knight (30w, 30i). Has 30w, 30i. OK.
- Coimbra: 1 knight (30w, 30i). Has 30w, 120i. OK.
- Badajoz: 1 knight (30w, 30i). Has 30w, 50i. OK.
- Faro: 1 knight (30w, 30i). Has 30w, 50i. OK.
- Porto: 1 knight (30w, 30i). Has 35w, 120i. OK.
- Salamanca: 2 knights (60w, 60i). Has 60w, 80i. OK.
- Toledo: 1 knight (30w, 30i) + 1 archer (20w, 10i) = 50w, 40i. Has 60w, 50i. OK.
- Sevilha: 1 archer (20w, 10i). Has 30w, 20i. OK.
- Valencia: 1 knight (30w, 30i) + 1 archer (20w, 10i) = 50w, 40i. Has 70w, 40i. OK.
- Murcia: 1 knight (30w, 30i). Has 30w, 50i. OK.

All builds are affordable.

Now, let's write the plan and statement.
Plan: We are focusing on the northern and central fronts this turn, taking Vigo and Madrid. We reinforce Porto and Toledo for the next pushes into Burgos and Teruel. We also reinforce Valencia via Murcia to secure the southern front. Next turn, we will attack Cordoba from Sevilha (reinforced by Faro) and Teruel from Toledo (reinforced by Badajoz). We aim to reach 18 villages by turn 28 as planned.
Statement: "This turn, my armies took Salamanca, Toledo, and Valencia, bringing my total to 12 villages. Now, I am launching attacks on Vigo and Madrid to secure the northern and central routes. I am also sending reinforcements to Porto, Toledo, and Valencia to prepare for the next pushes into Cordoba, Teruel, and Burgos. My sights are set on reaching the 18-village threshold by turn 28."

Let's refine the JSON.
The fields are:
"build": list of objects with villageId, type, quantity.
"movements": list of objects with fromId, toId, troops (spearman, archer, knight).
"plan": string.
"statement": string.

Let's write the JSON carefully.

Builds:
- {"villageId": 0, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2}
- {"villageId": 1, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
- {"villageId": 2, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
- {"villageId": 3, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
- {"villageId": 4, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
- {"villageId": 5, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
- {"villageId": 6, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
- {"villageId": 7, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2}
- {"villageId": 8, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
- {"villageId": 8, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}
- {"villageId": 9, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}
- {"villageId": 15, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
- {"villageId": 16, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
- {"villageId": 16, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}

Movements:
- {"fromId": 6, "toId": 10, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}}
- {"fromId": 7, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 6, "knight": 4}}
- {"fromId": 15, "toId": 16, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}}
- {"fromId": 4, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}}
- {"fromId": 3, "toId": 6, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 1}}
- {"fromId": 2, "toId": 5, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 7}}
- {"fromId": 1, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}}
- {"fromId": 0, "toId": 1, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 1}}

Wait, Evora has 2 archer, 7 knight. I wrote archer: 2, knight: 7. That's correct.
Santarem has 2 knights. I wrote knight: 2. Correct.
Lisboa has 1 archer, 1 knight. I wrote archer: 1, knight: 1. Correct.
Coimbra has 1 archer, 1 knight. I wrote archer: 1, knight: 1. Correct.
Badajoz has 1 knight. I wrote knight: 1. Correct.
Murcia has 1 knight. I wrote knight: 1. Correct.
Porto has 2 knights. I wrote knight: 2. Correct.
Salamanca has 6 archers, 4 knights. I wrote archer: 6, knight: 4. Correct.

Let's check if we are sending troops we don't have.
- Porto: available 2 knights. Sending 2 knights. OK.
- Salamanca: available 6 archers, 4 knights. Sending 6 archers, 4 knights. OK.
- Murcia: available 1 knight. Sending 1 knight. OK.
- Badajoz: available 1 knight. Sending 1 knight. OK.
- Coimbra: available 1 archer, 1 knight. Sending 1 archer, 1 knight. OK.
- Evora: available 2 archers, 7 knights. Sending 2 archers, 7 knights. OK.
- Santarem: available 2 knights. Sending 2 knights. OK.
- Lisboa: available 1 archer, 1 knight. Sending 1 archer, 1 knight. OK.

All good.

Let's review the plan text.
"plan": "This turn, we take Vigo and Madrid to secure the northern and central fronts. We reinforce Porto, Toledo, and Valencia to prepare for the next pushes. Next turn, Sevilha (reinforced by Faro) will attack Cordoba, and Toledo (reinforced by Badajoz) will attack Teruel. We continue building knights in all villages to maintain our military strength. Target 18 villages by turn 28."

Statement text:
"statement": "This turn, my armies successfully conquered Salamanca, Toledo, and Valencia, bringing my total to 12 villages. Now, I am launching attacks on Vigo and Madrid to expand my territory. I am also sending reinforcements to the front lines to prepare for the next battles against Cordoba and Teruel. My goal remains to reach 18 villages by turn 28."

Let's make sure the JSON is valid.
Double check the village IDs:
0: Lisboa
1: Santarem
2: Evora
3: Coimbra
4: Badajoz
5: Faro
6: Porto
7: Salamanca
8: Toledo
9: Sevilha
10: Vigo
11: Cordoba
12: Madrid
13: Teruel
14: Burgos
15: Murcia
16: Valencia
17: Zaragoza
18: Castellon
19: Pamplona
20: Huesca
21: Tarragona
22: Barcelona
23: Girona

All IDs used in orders are correct.
The plan and statement are in English.

One more thing: the prompt says "Write them in ENGLISH, every turn, even if your note from last turn is in another language". My plan and statement are in English.

The prompt says "Reply with ONE valid JSON object and nothing else - no text before or after it."
So I will output only the JSON.

Let's do a final check on the combat rules for Vigo.
Porto sends 2 knights. Vigo has 1 archer, 1 knight. Effective defense 5.
Attacker force: 2 knights = 8.
Most numerous: attacker has 2 knights. Defender has 1 archer, 1 knight (tie, breaks to archer).
Knight vs archer: knight counters archer. Attacker gets 1.5x bonus.
Effective force = 8 * 1.5 = 12.
Defense = 5.
12 > 5, win.
Losses: Loser effective force = 5. Winner loses half = 2.5. Since we only have knights (value 4 each), we lose 2.5/4 = 0.625 knights. In practice, we might lose 1 knight. So 1 knight survives and stays in Vigo. This is acceptable.

Salamanca sends 6 archers, 4 knights. Madrid has 1 archer. Effective defense 3.
Attacker force: 6*2 + 4*4 = 12 + 16 = 28.
Most numerous: archer (6). Defender: archer (1). No counter.
Force = 28. Defense = 3. Win.
Losses: Loser force = 3. Winner loses 1.5. Negligible.

Everything seems correct. I will now generate the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"arqueiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":6,"destinoId":10,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":7,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":6,"cavaleiro":4}},{"origemId":15,"destinoId":16,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":4,"destinoId":8,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":3,"destinoId":6,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":2,"destinoId":5,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":7}},{"origemId":1,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":0,"destinoId":1,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":1}}]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [1]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [2]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [3]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [4]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [5]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [6]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [7]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [7]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [8]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [8]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [9]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [15]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [16]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [16]
ACEITO envio [6]->[10]: 2K
ACEITO envio [7]->[12]: 6A+4K
ACEITO envio [15]->[16]: 1K
ACEITO envio [4]->[8]: 1K
ACEITO envio [3]->[6]: 1A+1K
ACEITO envio [2]->[5]: 2A+7K
ACEITO envio [1]->[4]: 2K
ACEITO envio [0]->[1]: 1A+1K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): This turn, we take Vigo and Madrid to secure the northern and central fronts. We reinforce Porto, Toledo, and Valencia to prepare for the next pushes. Next turn, Sevilha (reinforced by Faro) will attack Cordoba, and Toledo (reinforced by Badajoz) will attack Teruel. We continue building knights in all villages to maintain our military strength. Target 18 villages by turn 28.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): This turn, my armies successfully conquered Salamanca, Toledo, and Valencia, bringing my total to 12 villages. Now, I am launching attacks on Vigo and Madrid to expand my territory. I am also sending reinforcements to the front lines to prepare for the next battles against Cordoba and Teruel. My goal remains to reach 18 villages by turn 28.
########## TURNO 24 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4230 | resposta 15640 | raciocinio 10853 | finish stop | ms 150015
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 11, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 11, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 10, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 10, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 12, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 12, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 14, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 11, \"toId\": 15, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 5, \"knight\": 4}},\n    {\"fromId\": 18, \"toId\": 16, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 13, \"toId\": 16, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 1, \"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 4}},\n    {\"fromId\": 10, \"toId\": 6, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 17, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 10, \"knight\": 7}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Next turn, assess the success of the attacks on Murcia, Valencia, and Porto. If we win, we will have 15 villages. Focus next on reinforcing the new border villages and preparing an attack on Toledo or Salamanca from the Madrid/Cordoba front. Keep building troops in the interior to replenish losses.\",\n  \"statement\": \"We launched a multi-pronged offensive this turn, targeting the weakly defended enemy villages of Murcia, Valencia, and Porto. Simultaneously, we heavily reinforced Madrid to secure our western border. Our forces are poised to conquer these territories and shift the balance of power in our favor.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B, playing a strategy game. I need to analyze the current state of the game and provide my orders for the next turn in a specific JSON format.

Let's understand the state:
- I am King B.
- I currently hold 12 of 24 villages (50%). I need 18 (75%) for 2 consecutive turns to win, or eliminate every enemy village.
- The enemy capital is [0] Lisboa, but taking it is NOT required to win.
- I have 12 villages.
- The enemy is King A.
- I need to output a JSON object with "build", "movements", "plan", and "statement".

Let's look at my villages and their resources:
- [22] Barcelona: wood 70, iron 50. Troops: 17/300. Available: 6 spearman, 8 archer, 3 knight.
- [21] Tarragona: wood 70, iron 40. Troops: 10/300. Available: 0 spearman, 9 archer, 1 knight.
- [23] Girona: wood 60, iron 80. Troops: 19/300. Available: 10 spearman, 3 archer, 6 knight.
- [18] Castellon: wood 70, iron 50. Troops: 5/300. Available: 0 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight.
- [17] Zaragoza: wood 60, iron 40. Troops: 17/300. Available: 0 spearman, 10 archer, 7 knight.
- [20] Huesca: wood 60, iron 40. Troops: 8/300. Available: 0 spearman, 7 archer, 1 knight.
- [13] Teruel: wood 70, iron 50. Troops: 8/300. Available: 1 spearman, 3 archer, 4 knight.
- [12] Madrid: wood 70, iron 50. Troops: 1/300. Available: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight.
- [19] Pamplona: wood 60, iron 40. Troops: 4/300. Available: 0 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight.
- [14] Burgos: wood 70, iron 40. Troops: 5/300. Available: 0 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight.
- [11] Cordoba: wood 60, iron 50. Troops: 11/300. Available: 2 spearman, 5 archer, 4 knight.
- [10] Vigo: wood 75, iron 50. Troops: 2/300. Available: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.

Enemy villages I can see:
- [16] Valencia: garrison 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Def 8. March from [18] Castellon: 1 fast turn.
- [15] Murcia: garrison 1 knight. Def 3. March from [11] Cordoba: 1 fast turn.
- [7] Salamanca: garrison 6 archers, 4 knights. Def 25. March from [12] Madrid: 1 fast turn.
- [8] Toledo: garrison 4 archers, 4 knights. Def 20. March from [11] Cordoba: 1 fast turn.
- [6] Porto: garrison 2 knights. Def 5. March from [10] Vigo: 1 fast turn.
- [9] Sevilha: garrison 3 spearmen, 6 archers, 1 knight. Def 25. March from [11] Cordoba: 1 fast turn.

Known from before:
- [4] Badajoz: enemy, last seen 4 archers, 4 knights.
- [3] Coimbra: enemy, last seen 12 archers, 8 knights.
- [5] Faro: enemy, last seen 4 spearmen, 3 archers, 4 knights.

Unexplored:
- [1] Santarem, [0] Lisboa (capital), [2] Evora.

Road network:
Lisboa [0] connects to Santarem [1], Evora [2].
Santarem [1] connects to Lisboa [0], Coimbra [3], Badajoz [4].
Evora [2] connects to Lisboa [0], Faro [5].
Coimbra [3] connects to Santarem [1], Porto [6], Salamanca [7].
Badajoz [4] connects to Santarem [1], Faro [5], Salamanca [7], Toledo [8], Sevilha [9].
Faro [5] connects to Evora [2], Badajoz [4], Sevilha [9].
Porto [6] connects to Coimbra [3], Salamanca [7], Vigo [10].
Salamanca [7] connects to Coimbra [3], Badajoz [4], Porto [6], Madrid [12].
Toledo [8] connects to Badajoz [4], Cordoba [11], Madrid [12], Teruel [13].
Sevilha [9] connects to Badajoz [4], Faro [5], Cordoba [11].
Vigo [10] connects to Porto [6], Burgos [14].
Cordoba [11] connects to Toledo [8], Sevilha [9], Murcia [15].
Madrid [12] connects to Salamanca [7], Toledo [8], Burgos [14], Zaragoza [17].
Teruel [13] connects to Toledo [8], Valencia [16], Zaragoza [17], Castellon [18].
Burgos [14] connects to Vigo [10], Madrid [12], Pamplona [19].
Murcia [15] connects to Cordoba [11], Valencia [16].
Valencia [16] connects to Teruel [13], Murcia [15], Castellon [18].
Zaragoza [17] connects to Madrid [12], Teruel [13], Pamplona [19], Huesca [20], Tarragona [21].
Castellon [18] connects to Teruel [13], Valencia [16], Tarragona [21].
Pamplona [19] connects to Burgos [14], Zaragoza [17], Huesca [20].
Huesca [20] connects to Zaragoza [17], Pamplona [19], Girona [23].
Tarragona [21] connects to Zaragoza [17], Castellon [18], Barcelona [22].
Barcelona [22] connects to Tarragona [21], Girona [23].
Girona [23] connects to Huesca [20], Tarragona [21], Barcelona [22].

Enemy army marching toward [9] Sevilha, arrives in 1 turn.
Last turn:
- King A attacked [7] Salamanca: VICTORY, conquered. (Wait, Salamanca is listed as ENEMY (King A) with garrison 6 archers, 4 knights. If King A conquered it, it's theirs now. Yes, it says ENEMY (King A)).
- King A attacked [8] Toledo: VICTORY, conquered.
- King A attacked [16] Valencia: VICTORY, conquered.

Wait, the prompt says "The enemy capital is the hardest single target on the map; taking it is NOT required to win."
I need to hold 18 of 24 villages for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.
Currently I hold 12. The enemy holds some. I need to conquer more.
Let's see what I can attack.
I have border villages:
- [18] Castellon borders [16] Valencia (enemy). Def 8. I can send from [18] 3 archer, 2 knight (attack power 14). Or from [21] Tarragona, [23] Girona, [13] Teruel.
- [13] Teruel borders [16] Valencia, [8] Toledo.
- [12] Madrid borders [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo. Def 25 and 20. Madrid has only 1 archer. I can reinforce Madrid from [17] Zaragoza, [14] Burgos.
- [11] Cordoba borders [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia. Cordoba has 2 spearman, 5 archer, 4 knight (attack power 28). Def of [15] Murcia is 3 (1 knight). Def of [9] Sevilha is 25. Def of [8] Toledo is 20.
- [10] Vigo borders [6] Porto (enemy). Def 5 (2 knights). Vigo has 1 archer, 1 knight. I can send from Vigo to Porto.

Let's calculate attack powers and effective defenses.
Effective defense values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly.
[16] Valencia: effective defense 8. Garrison: 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
[15] Murcia: effective defense 3. Garrison: 1 knight.
[7] Salamanca: effective defense 25. Garrison: 6 archers, 4 knights.
[8] Toledo: effective defense 20. Garrison: 4 archers, 4 knights.
[6] Porto: effective defense 5. Garrison: 2 knights.
[9] Sevilha: effective defense 25. Garrison: 3 spearmen, 6 archers, 1 knight.

Let's look at troop types and attack values:
spearman: attack 1
archer: attack 2
knight: attack 4

Counter triangle:
spearman counters knight (multiplies force by 1.5)
archer counters spearman (multiplies force by 1.5)
knight counters archer (multiplies force by 1.5)
The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties break in order spearman, archer, knight).

Let's analyze some attacks.
If I attack [15] Murcia (def 3, 1 knight).
From [11] Cordoba, I can send 2 spearman, 5 archer, 4 knight.
Most numerous in Cordoba's send: archer (5) vs knight (4). Wait, 5 archers, 4 knights, 2 spearmen. Most numerous is archer.
Enemy has 1 knight. Most numerous is knight.
Archer vs knight? No, knight counters archer. So enemy knight counts as attack? No, defender counts defense.
Wait, combat rules:
"When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs."
"Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
"The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."

So if I attack, my army's most numerous type vs enemy's most numerous type.
If my type counters theirs, my force is multiplied by 1.5.
Wait, "your force" means the attack power? Or the whole army?
"Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." Usually it means the total attack power or the effective force. Let's assume it multiplies the attack power or the effective force of the attacking army.
Let's see: if I send from Cordoba: 2 spearman (attack 2), 5 archer (attack 10), 4 knight (attack 16). Total attack = 28.
Enemy at Murcia: 1 knight. Defense of knight is 2. Effective defense is 3 (including location bonus).
Wait, the report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 3". So I just compare my attack force (with counter bonus if any) vs the effective defense.
If I send 2 spearman, 5 archer, 4 knight. Most numerous is archer (5).
Enemy has 1 knight. Most numerous is knight.
Does archer counter knight? No, spearman counters knight, archer counters spearman, knight counters archer.
So no counter bonus for me. My attack is 28. Enemy defense is 3. I win easily.

What about [16] Valencia? Def 8. Garrison: 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
If I attack from [18] Castellon: 3 archer, 2 knight. Most numerous: archer (3) or knight (2)? Archer.
Enemy: 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous: tie between spearman, archer, knight. Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So enemy's most numerous is spearman.
Archer counters spearman! So I get 1.5x bonus.
My attack: 3 archer (6) + 2 knight (8) = 14. With 1.5x bonus = 21. Enemy def is 8. I win.
But wait, Castellon only has 3 archer, 2 knight. I can also send from [13] Teruel or [21] Tarragona or [23] Girona.
But if I send from Castellon, it takes 1 fast turn.

Let's look at the overall situation.
I have 12 villages. The enemy has some.
I need to conquer more villages to reach 18.
The enemy villages I can see: [16] Valencia, [15] Murcia, [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [6] Porto, [9] Sevilha.
Also [4] Badajoz, [3] Coimbra, [5] Faro, and the capital [0] Lisboa, plus [1] Santarem, [2] Evora.
Total villages = 24.
I have 12. Enemy has 12.
If I conquer [15] Murcia, [16] Valencia, [6] Porto, I will have 15.
I also need to defend my border villages. The enemy is attacking.
Last turn, King A attacked [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [16] Valencia and conquered them. So they are moving south/east.
Wait, if King A conquered [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [16] Valencia, they are now enemy villages.
The enemy army is marching toward [9] Sevilha, arrives in 1 turn.
Sevilha is currently enemy ([9] Sevilha | ENEMY (King A) | garrison: 3 spearmen, 6 archers, 1 knight).
If the enemy army reaches Sevilha, it will reinforce it or attack it if it's mine? It's already theirs.
Wait, the enemy army marching toward [9] Sevilha is probably a reinforcement or an attack from another front. But Sevilha is already King A's.

Let's plan my moves.
I need to capture villages.
Easy targets:
- [15] Murcia: def 3. From [11] Cordoba, 1 fast turn. Cordoba has 2 spearman, 5 archer, 4 knight. I can send all of them: attack 28 vs def 3. Easy win.
- [6] Porto: def 5. From [10] Vigo, 1 fast turn. Vigo has 1 archer, 1 knight. Attack 6 vs def 5. I can also send more from [14] Burgos to Vigo, then to Porto? No, troops from Burgos to Vigo takes 1 turn, then Vigo to Porto takes 1 turn. But I can send from Vigo directly.
Wait, Vigo has 1 archer, 1 knight. Attack = 2 + 4 = 6. Def = 5. I win, but I will take losses.
- [16] Valencia: def 8. From [18] Castellon, 1 fast turn. Castellon has 3 archer, 2 knight. Attack 14 vs def 8. Win.
Or from [13] Teruel: 1 spearman, 3 archer, 4 knight. Attack 1 + 6 + 16 = 23. Most numerous: knight (4). Enemy most numerous: tie (spearman). Knight vs spearman? No counter. 23 vs 8. Win easily.
Teruel to Valencia is 1 fast turn? Let's check march distance: "march from [18] Castellon: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". Teruel to Valencia: [13] Teruel connects to [16] Valencia. So 1 fast turn.

Let's look at the map.
My villages:
[22] Barcelona, [21] Tarragona, [23] Girona, [18] Castellon, [17] Zaragoza, [20] Huesca, [13] Teruel, [12] Madrid, [19] Pamplona, [14] Burgos, [11] Cordoba, [10] Vigo.
Enemy villages:
[16] Valencia, [15] Murcia, [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [6] Porto, [9] Sevilha, [4] Badajoz, [3] Coimbra, [5] Faro, [1] Santarem, [0] Lisboa, [2] Evora.
Total 12 enemy villages.
If I conquer [15] Murcia, [16] Valencia, [6] Porto, I get 15. I need 3 more.
What about [8] Toledo? Def 20. From [11] Cordoba or [12] Madrid or [13] Teruel.
If I send from Cordoba: 2 spearman, 5 archer, 4 knight. Attack 28. Most numerous: archer (5). Enemy: 4 archers, 4 knights. Most numerous: tie between archer and knight. Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So enemy most numerous is archer.
My most numerous is archer. Archer vs archer? No counter.
My attack 28 vs def 20. I win, but take losses.
What about [7] Salamanca? Def 25. From [12] Madrid. Madrid has only 1 archer. I need to reinforce Madrid first.
From [17] Zaragoza to [12] Madrid: 1 fast turn. Zaragoza has 10 archer, 7 knight. I can send them to Madrid. Then next turn from Madrid to Salamanca.
Or from [14] Burgos to [12] Madrid: 1 fast turn. Burgos has 3 archer, 2 knight.
Or from [13] Teruel to [12] Madrid? No direct road. Teruel connects to Madrid via [17] Zaragoza or [8] Toledo. So 2 turns.

Let's look at the enemy army marching toward [9] Sevilha. It arrives in 1 turn.
If I don't do anything, it will just arrive and maybe attack Sevilha? Sevilha is already theirs. So it reinforces it.
Wait, if the enemy army is marching toward [9] Sevilha, and I attack [9] Sevilha at the same time, what happens?
"Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now."
If I attack [9] Sevilha, and the enemy army is marching toward [9] Sevilha, they will meet on the road?
"Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there: head-on, or when one catches up with the other on the same stretch of road."
But I am attacking from [11] Cordoba. The enemy army is marching toward [9] Sevilha. Where is it coming from? The report doesn't say, just "enemy army marching toward [9] Sevilha, arrives in 1 turn".
If it arrives in 1 turn, and I attack from [11] Cordoba (1 fast turn), we both arrive at the same time?
"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So my troops from Cordoba will fight the garrison of Sevilha first, or the arriving enemy army?
"The enemy writes their orders at the same time as you... Nothing you order this turn is visible to them before it happens."
If the enemy army is ordered to march to Sevilha, and I order to attack Sevilha, my troops will arrive at Sevilha and fight the garrison. The enemy army will arrive at Sevilha and... what? If Sevilha is still enemy, they just join the garrison? Or if I conquer Sevilha, they arrive and fight my garrison?
Actually, if I attack Sevilha, I am the attacker. The garrison defends. The enemy army marching there is not ordered to attack Sevilha, just to march to it. If it's already enemy, it just reinforces. If I conquer it, it becomes mine, and the enemy army arrives and fights my garrison? Or maybe the enemy army was ordered to attack Sevilha? No, it's enemy territory, why attack it?
Probably it's a reinforcement. But I shouldn't worry too much about it unless I plan to attack Sevilha.
Sevilha has def 25. My Cordoba has attack 28. It's risky.

Let's focus on easy wins: [15] Murcia, [16] Valencia, [6] Porto.
If I take these three, I have 15.
Then I can look at [8] Toledo (def 20) or [7] Salamanca (def 25).
I also need to protect my border villages.
[18] Castellon borders [16] Valencia. If I don't take Valencia, the enemy might attack Castellon. Castellon has def 13. Enemy at Valencia has def 8. If I take Valencia, I secure the border.
[13] Teruel borders [16] Valencia and [8] Toledo.
[12] Madrid borders [7] Salamanca and [8] Toledo. Madrid has def 3! Very weak. I must reinforce Madrid.
[11] Cordoba borders [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia. Cordoba has def 28. Strong.
[10] Vigo borders [6] Porto. Vigo has def 5. Weak. I should take Porto to secure the border.

So my plan:
1. Attack [15] Murcia from [11] Cordoba. Send all available troops: 2 spearman, 5 archer, 4 knight. Attack 28 vs def 3. Win.
2. Attack [16] Valencia from [13] Teruel or [18] Castellon. Let's send from [18] Castellon: 3 archer, 2 knight. Attack 14 vs def 8. Win. Or from [13] Teruel: 1 spearman, 3 archer, 4 knight. Attack 23 vs def 8. Better to send from Teruel to preserve Castellon's troops? But Castellon is closer (1 fast turn). Teruel to Valencia is also 1 fast turn. Let's send from Teruel to have more troops.
Wait, if I send from Teruel, I leave Teruel with 0 troops. Teruel has def 20. It borders [8] Toledo (def 20) and [16] Valencia (def 8). If I take Valencia, the border shifts. But if I leave Teruel empty, and the enemy attacks Toledo, they could hit Teruel? No, they have to go through Valencia first. So taking Valencia protects Teruel.
Let's send from [18] Castellon: 3 archer, 2 knight. Castellon will have 0 troops, def 13. But it's behind the front line if I take Valencia. Actually, Castellon borders Valencia. If I take Valencia, Castellon is safe. But if I send all from Castellon, it's empty. If the enemy attacks Valencia from Murcia? Murcia is mine if I take it.
Let's send from [13] Teruel: 1 spearman, 3 archer, 4 knight. Attack 23 vs def 8. Win. Teruel left with 0 troops.
Or I can split: send some from Castellon, some from Teruel. But "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So I should send one big stack from one village.
Let's send from [18] Castellon: 3 archer, 2 knight. Attack 14 vs def 8. Win.
And from [13] Teruel, I can send to reinforce [12] Madrid or [18] Castellon? No, I can send to [12] Madrid to protect it. Madrid has def 3, very weak.
Teruel to Madrid: road is [13] Teruel -> [17] Zaragoza -> [12] Madrid? Or [13] Teruel -> [8] Toledo -> [12] Madrid? The road network says:
Teruel [13] connects to [8], [16], [17], [18].
Madrid [12] connects to [7], [8], [14], [17].
So from Teruel to Madrid, I must go through [17] Zaragoza or [8] Toledo. That's 2 turns.
But I can send from [17] Zaragoza to [12] Madrid! Zaragoza has 10 archer, 7 knight. Madrid has 1 archer.
If I send from Zaragoza to Madrid: 1 fast turn. I can send 10 archer, 7 knight. Madrid will have 1 archer + 10 archer + 7 knight = 11 archer, 7 knight. Def becomes much higher.
Let's check Zaragoza's resources: wood 60, iron 40. It can build more, but I can only send what's already there.
Zaragoza has 0 spearman, 10 archer, 7 knight available to send.
If I send them to Madrid, Madrid's garrison becomes 11 archer, 7 knight.
Then Madrid can defend against Salamanca (def 25) or Toledo (def 20).
Wait, if I send from Zaragoza to Madrid, Zaragoza is left with 0 troops. Zaragoza has def 43. It borders [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona. It's interior, so relatively safe, but I shouldn't leave it completely empty if there's a risk. However, the enemy is far.

Let's look at [10] Vigo. It borders [6] Porto. Vigo has 1 archer, 1 knight. Porto has def 5 (2 knights).
If I send from Vigo to Porto: 1 archer, 1 knight. Attack 6 vs def 5. Win, but I lose some.
Can I reinforce Vigo first? From [14] Burgos to [10] Vigo: 1 fast turn. Burgos has 3 archer, 2 knight.
If I send from Burgos to Vigo, then next turn Vigo to Porto. That's 2 turns. Porto might be attacked by the enemy in the meantime? The enemy at Coimbra [3] might attack Porto.
But I can just send from Vigo directly. It's a small garrison, I can afford the losses.

Let's think about building troops.
I have resources. I should build troops to replenish my armies.
Where to build?
- [11] Cordoba: after sending 2 spearman, 5 archer, 4 knight, it will have 0 troops. I should build more. It has wood 60, iron 50.
Costs: spearman 15 wood, archer 20 wood + 10 iron, knight 30 wood + 30 iron.
Cordoba can build: 4 spearman (60 wood), or 3 archer (60 wood, 30 iron), or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
Actually, I can build a mix. Let's build 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron) and 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) = 50 wood, 50 iron. Total 1 archer, 1 knight? Wait, 2 archer + 1 knight = 2 archer, 1 knight.
Or 4 spearman (60 wood). But I need archers and knights.
Let's build 3 archer (60 wood, 30 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood) - not enough wood. 3 archer = 60 wood, 30 iron. 1 spearman = 15 wood. Total 75 wood, but I only have 60.
So 3 archer (60 wood, 30 iron) is good. Or 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron) + 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) = 70 wood, 50 iron. I have 60 wood, so not enough.
Let's check Cordoba's resources: wood 60, iron 50.
Max archers: 60 wood / 20 = 3. Iron: 50 / 10 = 5. So 3 archers.
Max knights: 60 wood / 30 = 2. Iron: 50 / 30 = 1. So 1 knight.
Max spearmen: 60 wood / 15 = 4. Iron: 0.
I can build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) and have 20 iron left. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) = 70 wood (not enough). 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 50 wood, 40 iron. Leaves 10 wood, 10 iron.
Let's build 1 knight and 1 archer in Cordoba.

- [18] Castellon: after sending 3 archer, 2 knight, it has 0 troops. Resources: wood 70, iron 50.
Can build: 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron - not enough iron). 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) = 70 wood, 50 iron. Perfect.
Let's build 1 knight, 2 archers in Castellon.

- [13] Teruel: if I don't send troops, I can build. But I might send troops to Madrid. Let's say I send from Zaragoza to Madrid. Then Teruel is safe. Teruel has wood 70, iron 50. Troops: 1 spearman, 3 archer, 4 knight.
I can build more. Let's build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) = 70 wood, 50 iron.

- [12] Madrid: wood 70, iron 50. Troops: 1 archer. After reinforcement from Zaragoza, it has 11 archer, 7 knight. I can build more. But it's a border village, I might want to keep resources for defense.
Actually, building takes 1 turn. If I build in Madrid, the troops are ready next turn.
Let's build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) and 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) = 70 wood, 50 iron.

- [10] Vigo: after sending 1 archer, 1 knight, it has 0 troops. Resources: wood 75, iron 50.
Build: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) = 70 wood, 50 iron. Or 5 spearmen (75 wood). Let's build 1 knight, 2 archers.

- [17] Zaragoza: after sending 10 archer, 7 knight, it has 0 troops. Resources: wood 60, iron 40.
Build: 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) + 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) = 70 wood (not enough). 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 50 wood, 40 iron. Leaves 10 wood.
Let's build 1 knight, 1 archer.

- [14] Burgos: if I don't send troops, it has 3 archer, 2 knight. Resources: wood 70, iron 40.
Build: 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) + 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) = 70 wood, 50 iron (not enough iron). 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 75 wood (not enough). 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) + 2 spearmen (30 wood) = 70 wood, 20 iron. Leaves 20 iron.
Let's build 2 archers, 2 spearmen? Or just 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Leaves 10 wood, 10 iron.

- [20] Huesca: 7 archer, 1 knight. Resources: wood 60, iron 40.
Build: 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) + 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) = 70 wood (not enough). 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Leaves 10 iron.

- [19] Pamplona: 3 archer, 1 knight. Resources: wood 60, iron 40.
Build: 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron).

- [21] Tarragona: 9 archer, 1 knight. Resources: wood 70, iron 40.
Build: 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) + 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) = 90 wood (not enough). 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) + 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) = 70 wood, 50 iron (not enough iron). 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 75 wood (not enough). 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Leaves 10 wood, 10 iron.

- [23] Girona: 3 archer, 6 knight. Resources: wood 60, iron 80.
Build: 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Leaves 20 iron. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 50 wood, 40 iron. Leaves 10 wood, 40 iron.
Let's build 2 knights.

- [22] Barcelona: 6 spearman, 8 archer, 3 knight. Resources: wood 70, iron 50.
Build: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) = 70 wood, 50 iron.

Let's summarize my planned attacks:
1. [11] Cordoba -> [15] Murcia: send 2 spearman, 5 archer, 4 knight. (Attack 28 vs def 3). Win.
2. [18] Castellon -> [16] Valencia: send 3 archer, 2 knight. (Attack 14 vs def 8). Win.
3. [10] Vigo -> [6] Porto: send 1 archer, 1 knight. (Attack 6 vs def 5). Win.
4. [17] Zaragoza -> [12] Madrid: send 10 archer, 7 knight. (Reinforce Madrid). Madrid def becomes high.

Wait, if I send from Zaragoza to Madrid, Madrid gets 10 archer, 7 knight. Madrid already has 1 archer. Total 11 archer, 7 knight.
Then Madrid is safe from Salamanca (def 25) and Toledo (def 20).
Actually, if I attack Toledo from Cordoba next turn, Madrid doesn't need to attack.
But I should also consider the enemy's move. The enemy army is marching toward [9] Sevilha. It might attack Sevilha? Sevilha is already theirs. So it's a reinforcement.
What about the enemy attacking my villages?
My border villages:
- [18] Castellon: borders [16] Valencia. If I attack Valencia, the enemy might not attack Castellon this turn because they write orders simultaneously. But next turn, if I conquer Valencia, the border shifts.
- [13] Teruel: borders [16] Valencia, [8] Toledo. Safe if I take Valencia.
- [12] Madrid: borders [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo. I am reinforcing it.
- [11] Cordoba: borders [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia. I am attacking Murcia. Cordoba has def 28, strong.
- [10] Vigo: borders [6] Porto. I am attacking Porto.

So my borders are relatively safe.

Let's double check the attack on [15] Murcia.
Cordoba sends 2 spearman, 5 archer, 4 knight.
Enemy at Murcia: 1 knight. Def 3.
My most numerous: archer (5). Enemy most numerous: knight (1).
Archer vs knight? No counter. (Spearman counters knight, archer counters spearman, knight counters archer).
My attack: 2*1 + 5*2 + 4*4 = 2 + 10 + 16 = 28.
Enemy def: 3.
28 > 3. Win easily. I will take some losses but minimal.

Attack on [16] Valencia.
Castellon sends 3 archer, 2 knight.
Enemy at Valencia: 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Def 8.
My most numerous: archer (3). Enemy most numerous: tie (1 each). Tie breaks spearman, archer, knight. So enemy most numerous is spearman.
Archer counters spearman! Bonus 1.5x.
My attack: 3*2 + 2*4 = 6 + 8 = 14. With bonus = 21.
Enemy def: 8.
21 > 8. Win.

Attack on [6] Porto.
Vigo sends 1 archer, 1 knight.
Enemy at Porto: 2 knights. Def 5.
My most numerous: tie (1 archer, 1 knight). Tie breaks spearman, archer, knight. So my most numerous is archer.
Enemy most numerous: knight (2).
Archer vs knight? No counter.
My attack: 1*2 + 1*4 = 6.
Enemy def: 5.
6 > 5. Win. But tie favors defender? "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER."
6 > 5, so I win. I will take losses.

Reinforce Madrid:
Zaragoza sends 10 archer, 7 knight to Madrid.
Madrid already has 1 archer. Total 11 archer, 7 knight.
Madrid def was 3. With more troops, effective defense will increase.
Wait, effective defense is calculated based on the troops and location bonus.
"The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival."
So I don't know the exact new defense, but it will be much higher.

Let's check if I have enough resources for the builds.
Builds:
- [11] Cordoba: 1 knight, 1 archer. Cost: 30+20 wood, 30+10 iron = 50 wood, 40 iron. Cordoba has 60 wood, 50 iron. OK.
- [18] Castellon: 1 knight, 2 archers. Cost: 30+40 wood, 30+20 iron = 70 wood, 50 iron. Castellon has 70 wood, 50 iron. OK.
- [10] Vigo: 1 knight, 2 archers. Cost: 30+40 wood, 30+20 iron = 70 wood, 50 iron. Vigo has 75 wood, 50 iron. OK.
- [17] Zaragoza: 1 knight, 1 archer. Cost: 30+20 wood, 30+10 iron = 50 wood, 40 iron. Zaragoza has 60 wood, 40 iron. OK.
- [12] Madrid: 2 archers, 1 knight. Cost: 40+30 wood, 20+30 iron = 70 wood, 50 iron. Madrid has 70 wood, 50 iron. OK.
- [13] Teruel: 1 knight, 2 archers. Cost: 30+40 wood, 30+20 iron = 70 wood, 50 iron. Teruel has 70 wood, 50 iron. OK.
- [14] Burgos: 3 archers. Cost: 60 wood, 30 iron. Burgos has 70 wood, 40 iron. OK.
- [20] Huesca: 3 archers. Cost: 60 wood, 30 iron. Huesca has 60 wood, 40 iron. OK.
- [19] Pamplona: 3 archers. Cost: 60 wood, 30 iron. Pamplona has 60 wood, 40 iron. OK.
- [21] Tarragona: 3 archers. Cost: 60 wood, 30 iron. Tarragona has 70 wood, 40 iron. OK.
- [23] Girona: 2 knights. Cost: 60 wood, 60 iron. Girona has 60 wood, 80 iron. OK.
- [22] Barcelona: 1 knight, 2 archers. Cost: 30+40 wood, 30+20 iron = 70 wood, 50 iron. Barcelona has 70 wood, 50 iron. OK.

Wait, I need to make sure I don't exceed the cap of 300 troops per village.
Let's check troop counts after builds and movements.
- [11] Cordoba: starts 11. Send 11. Build 2. Total 2. OK.
- [18] Castellon: starts 5. Send 5. Build 3. Total 3. OK.
- [10] Vigo: starts 2. Send 2. Build 3. Total 3. OK.
- [17] Zaragoza: starts 17. Send 17. Build 2. Total 2. OK.
- [12] Madrid: starts 1. Receive 17. Build 3. Total 21. OK.
- [13] Teruel: starts 8. Build 3. Total 11. OK.
- [14] Burgos: starts 5. Build 3. Total 8. OK.
- [20] Huesca: starts 8. Build 3. Total 11. OK.
- [19] Pamplona: starts 4. Build 3. Total 7. OK.
- [21] Tarragona: starts 10. Build 3. Total 13. OK.
- [23] Girona: starts 19. Build 2. Total 21. OK.
- [22] Barcelona: starts 17. Build 3. Total 20. OK.

All under 300.

Let's review the movements.
I am sending:
- Cordoba -> Murcia: 2 spearman, 5 archer, 4 knight.
- Castellon -> Valencia: 3 archer, 2 knight.
- Vigo -> Porto: 1 archer, 1 knight.
- Zaragoza -> Madrid: 10 archer, 7 knight.

Wait, Zaragoza has 0 spearman, 10 archer, 7 knight available to send. So I send all of them.
Cordoba has 2 spearman, 5 archer, 4 knight available. Send all.
Castellon has 0 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight available. Send all.
Vigo has 0 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight available. Send all.

Is there any other movement I should consider?
What about [14] Burgos? It borders [10] Vigo. I could send troops from Burgos to Vigo to reinforce the attack on Porto? But Vigo to Porto is 1 turn. If I send from Burgos to Vigo, they arrive next turn. Then next turn Vigo to Porto. That's 2 turns. Porto might be lost or the enemy might attack. But I am attacking Porto this turn from Vigo directly. So no need to send from Burgos to Vigo this turn.
What about [13] Teruel? It borders [16] Valencia. I am attacking Valencia from Castellon. I could also send from Teruel to Valencia? But "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up... each send fights alone, one at a time."
If I send from both Castellon and Teruel to Valencia, they will fight sequentially. The first send (Castellon) fights the garrison. If it wins, it conquers Valencia. Then the second send (Teruel) arrives and fights the now conquered garrison (which might be my troops? No, if Castellon conquers it, the garrison becomes Castellon's troops? Actually, when you conquer a village, the surviving troops from the attacking army become the new garrison. So if Castellon sends 3 archer, 2 knight, and wins, the survivors become the garrison of Valencia. Then Teruel's troops arrive and fight my own garrison? "Your own armies never fight each other: they pass freely."
Ah! "Your own armies never fight each other: they pass freely."
So if I send from Teruel to Valencia, and Valencia is already mine, they just join the garrison. But if they arrive on the same turn, do they fight the enemy garrison together? No, "each send fights alone, one at a time."
So if I send from Castellon and Teruel on the same turn, Castellon's troops arrive first, fight the enemy garrison. If they win, Valencia is mine. Then Teruel's troops arrive, see it's mine, and join. This is actually a good way to reinforce the newly conquered village immediately!
But wait, if Castellon's troops lose, Teruel's troops will fight the enemy garrison. But Castellon's attack is 14 vs def 8, which is likely a win. So sending from Teruel as well could be a good backup and immediate reinforcement.
However, Teruel is a border village too. If I send all troops from Teruel, it becomes empty. But I am building 3 troops there this turn. So it will have 3 troops next turn.
Let's see: Teruel has 1 spearman, 3 archer, 4 knight. Attack = 1 + 6 + 16 = 23. Def 8. Win.
If I send from Teruel to Valencia, I leave Teruel with 0. But I build 1 knight, 2 archers there. So next turn it has 3 troops.
If I send from Castellon to Valencia, Castellon has 0, builds 3.
If I send from both, I double the attack on Valencia, ensuring a massive victory and immediate reinforcement.
But do I have enough troops to do other things? Yes, I have plenty of interior villages.
Let's send from Teruel to Valencia as well! 1 spearman, 3 archer, 4 knight.
Wait, if I send from Teruel, I need to specify the troops.
Let's check if Teruel can afford the build. Yes, wood 70, iron 50.
So movements:
- Cordoba -> Murcia: 2 spearman, 5 archer, 4 knight.
- Castellon -> Valencia: 3 archer, 2 knight.
- Teruel -> Valencia: 1 spearman, 3 archer, 4 knight.
- Vigo -> Porto: 1 archer, 1 knight.
- Zaragoza -> Madrid: 10 archer, 7 knight.

This is a strong offensive.

Let's check the enemy's possible counter-moves.
The enemy army is marching toward [9] Sevilha. It arrives in 1 turn.
If the enemy army is marching from [4] Badajoz or [8] Toledo to [9] Sevilha, it's just moving within their territory.
What about the enemy attacking my villages?
My border villages after my moves:
- [18] Castellon: empty (but builds 3). Borders [16] Valencia (which I am attacking). If the enemy doesn't move, it's safe.
- [13] Teruel: empty (but builds 3). Borders [16] Valencia, [8] Toledo. Safe.
- [12] Madrid: receives 17 troops, total 18. Strong. Borders [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo. Safe.
- [11] Cordoba: empty (but builds 2). Borders [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia. If I take Murcia, Cordoba's border is Toledo and Sevilha. Cordoba has 2 troops, def maybe 10. Toledo has def 20, Sevilha def 25. They might attack Cordoba? But Cordoba is interior-ish, and they have to march 1 turn. If they attack Cordoba, they will arrive next turn and fight my 2 troops + whatever I build. But I build 2 this turn, so next turn Cordoba has 4 troops. Def might be around 15-20. Risk is low.
- [10] Vigo: empty (but builds 3). Borders [6] Porto (which I am attacking). Safe this turn.

So my borders are relatively safe.

Let's refine the builds.
If I send from Teruel, I should adjust the build there.
Teruel starts with 8 troops. Send 8. Build 3. Total 3.
Castellon starts with 5. Send 5. Build 3. Total 3.
Cordoba starts with 11. Send 11. Build 2. Total 2.
Vigo starts with 2. Send 2. Build 3. Total 3.
Zaragoza starts with 17. Send 17. Build 2. Total 2.
Madrid starts with 1. Receive 17. Build 3. Total 21.

Let's write down the exact JSON.

Builds:
- Cordoba: 1 knight, 1 archer.
- Castellon: 1 knight, 2 archers.
- Teruel: 1 knight, 2 archers.
- Vigo: 1 knight, 2 archers.
- Zaragoza: 1 knight, 1 archer.
- Madrid: 1 knight, 2 archers.
- Burgos: 3 archers.
- Huesca: 3 archers.
- Pamplona: 3 archers.
- Tarragona: 3 archers.
- Girona: 2 knights.
- Barcelona: 1 knight, 2 archers.

Wait, I should check if I have enough iron for all these builds.
Total iron needed:
Cordoba: 30 + 10 = 40. Has 50.
Castellon: 30 + 20 = 50. Has 50.
Teruel: 30 + 20 = 50. Has 50.
Vigo: 30 + 20 = 50. Has 50.
Zaragoza: 30 + 10 = 40. Has 40.
Madrid: 30 + 20 = 50. Has 50.
Burgos: 30. Has 40.
Huesca: 30. Has 40.
Pamplona: 30. Has 40.
Tarragona: 30. Has 40.
Girona: 60. Has 80.
Barcelona: 30 + 20 = 50. Has 50.
All OK.

Total wood needed:
Cordoba: 30 + 20 = 50. Has 60.
Castellon: 30 + 40 = 70. Has 70.
Teruel: 30 + 40 = 70. Has 70.
Vigo: 30 + 40 = 70. Has 75.
Zaragoza: 30 + 20 = 50. Has 60.
Madrid: 30 + 40 = 70. Has 70.
Burgos: 60. Has 70.
Huesca: 60. Has 60.
Pamplona: 60. Has 60.
Tarragona: 60. Has 70.
Girona: 60. Has 60.
Barcelona: 30 + 40 = 70. Has 70.
All OK.

Movements:
1. Cordoba -> Murcia: 2 spearman, 5 archer, 4 knight.
2. Castellon -> Valencia: 3 archer, 2 knight.
3. Teruel -> Valencia: 1 spearman, 3 archer, 4 knight.
4. Vigo -> Porto: 1 archer, 1 knight.
5. Zaragoza -> Madrid: 10 archer, 7 knight.

Wait, if I send from Teruel to Valencia, and Castellon to Valencia, they both arrive on the same turn.
"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So Castellon's 3 archer, 2 knight fight the garrison first. If they win, they conquer Valencia. Then Teruel's 1 spearman, 3 archer, 4 knight arrive and join the garrison.
This is perfectly fine and actually beneficial because it reinforces the newly conquered village immediately.
But what if Castellon's troops lose? Then Teruel's troops fight the garrison. Since Teruel's troops are stronger (attack 23 vs def 8), they will win anyway. So it's a safe bet.

Let's check the order of fights. Does it matter? The rules say "each send fights alone, one at a time." It doesn't specify the order, but usually the attacker chooses or it's random. Either way, both are strong enough to win individually. Castellon's attack 14 (with counter 21) vs def 8. Teruel's attack 23 vs def 8. Both win.

Let's double check the counter for Castellon -> Valencia.
Castellon sends 3 archer, 2 knight. Most numerous: archer (3).
Valencia garrison: 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous: tie. Tie breaks spearman, archer, knight. So spearman.
Archer counters spearman. Bonus 1.5x.
Castellon attack: 3*2 + 2*4 = 6 + 8 = 14. With bonus = 21. Def 8. Win.

Teruel -> Valencia.
Teruel sends 1 spearman, 3 archer, 4 knight. Most numerous: knight (4).
Valencia garrison: spearman (most numerous due to tiebreak).
Knight vs spearman? No counter. (Spearman counters knight, knight counters archer).
Teruel attack: 1*1 + 3*2 + 4*4 = 1 + 6 + 16 = 23. Def 8. Win.

Cordoba -> Murcia.
Cordoba sends 2 spearman, 5 archer, 4 knight. Most numerous: archer (5).
Murcia garrison: 1 knight. Most numerous: knight.
Archer vs knight? No counter.
Cordoba attack: 2*1 + 5*2 + 4*4 = 2 + 10 + 16 = 28. Def 3. Win.

Vigo -> Porto.
Vigo sends 1 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous: tie. Tiebreak: archer.
Porto garrison: 2 knights. Most numerous: knight.
Archer vs knight? No counter.
Vigo attack: 1*2 + 1*4 = 6. Def 5. Win.

Zaragoza -> Madrid.
Reinforcement, no fight.

Everything looks solid.

Let's write the "plan" and "statement".
Plan: Note to next turn.
"Next turn, check the results of the attacks on Murcia, Valencia, and Porto. If successful, I will have 15 villages. Then, I will look to attack Toledo (def 20) from Cordoba or Madrid, and Salamanca (def 25) from Madrid. I will also need to reinforce the newly conquered villages and continue building troops in my interior villages to maintain momentum. Watch out for enemy movements towards my borders, especially Madrid and Cordoba."

Statement: For the audience.
"We launched a multi-pronged offensive this turn, targeting the weakly defended enemy villages of Murcia, Valencia, and Porto. Simultaneously, we heavily reinforced Madrid to secure our western border. Our forces are poised to conquer these territories and shift the balance of power in our favor."

Let's format the JSON correctly.

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 11, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 11, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 13, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 13, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 10, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 10, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 12, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 12, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 14, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 19, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 11, "toId": 15, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 5, "knight": 4}},
    {"fromId": 18, "toId": 16, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 3, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 13, "toId": 16, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 3, "knight": 4}},
    {"fromId": 10, "toId": 6, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 17, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 10, "knight": 7}}
  ],
  "plan": "Next turn, assess the success of the attacks on Murcia, Valencia, and Porto. If we win, we will have 15 villages. Focus next on reinforcing the new border villages and preparing an attack on Toledo or Salamanca from the Madrid/Cordoba front. Keep building troops in the interior to replenish losses.",
  "statement": "We launched a multi-pronged offensive this turn, targeting the weakly defended enemy villages of Murcia, Valencia, and Porto. Simultaneously, we heavily reinforced Madrid to secure our western border. Our forces are poised to conquer these territories and shift the balance of power in our favor."
}

Wait, I should check if I need to specify "spearman": 0 in movements if I don't send any. The prompt says "troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}. It's safer to include 0 or just omit? The example says "troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}. I will include 0 for clarity.

Let's double check the village IDs.
[11] Cordoba
[15] Murcia
[18] Castellon
[16] Valencia
[13] Teruel
[10] Vigo
[6] Porto
[17] Zaragoza
[12] Madrid

All IDs are correct.

Let's review the build quantities.
Cordoba: 1 knight, 1 archer. OK.
Castellon: 1 knight, 2 archers. OK.
Teruel: 1 knight, 2 archers. OK.
Vigo: 1 knight, 2 archers. OK.
Zaragoza: 1 knight, 1 archer. OK.
Madrid: 1 knight, 2 archers. OK.
Burgos: 3 archers. OK.
Huesca: 3 archers. OK.
Pamplona: 3 archers. OK.
Tarragona: 3 archers. OK.
Girona: 2 knights. OK.
Barcelona: 1 knight, 2 archers. OK.

Looks good.

One final check on the rules.
"Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."
I checked resources for all.
"Cap per village: when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building"
My max troop count after builds is 21 (Madrid). Well under 300.
"Each village you hold produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn."
My villages produce resources. I used the current stock to build. Next turn they will produce again.

"Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now."
So the enemy might also attack my border villages. But I have reinforced Madrid and am attacking the border villages myself, which should prevent enemy attacks on those specific borders.

I am ready to output the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"arqueiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":11,"destinoId":15,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":5,"cavaleiro":4}},{"origemId":18,"destinoId":16,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":13,"destinoId":16,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":4}},{"origemId":10,"destinoId":6,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":17,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":10,"cavaleiro":7}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [11]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [11]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [18]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [18]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [18]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [13]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [13]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [13]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [10]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [10]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [10]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [17]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [17]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [12]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [12]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [12]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [14]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [14]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [14]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [20]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [20]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [20]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [19]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [19]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [19]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [21]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [21]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [22]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [22]
ACEITO envio [11]->[15]: 2S+5A+4K
ACEITO envio [18]->[16]: 3A+2K
ACEITO envio [13]->[16]: 1S+3A+4K
ACEITO envio [10]->[6]: 1A+1K
ACEITO envio [17]->[12]: 10A+7K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Next turn, assess the success of the attacks on Murcia, Valencia, and Porto. If we win, we will have 15 villages. Focus next on reinforcing the new border villages and preparing an attack on Toledo or Salamanca from the Madrid/Cordoba front. Keep building troops in the interior to replenish losses.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): We launched a multi-pronged offensive this turn, targeting the weakly defended enemy villages of Murcia, Valencia, and Porto. Simultaneously, we heavily reinforced Madrid to secure our western border. Our forces are poised to conquer these territories and shift the balance of power in our favor.
COMBATE [7] Salamanca: atacante A Fatk=54 (ef 54) Fdef=26 (ef 49) vant=-1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~24
COMBATE [8] Toledo: atacante A Fatk=24 (ef 24) Fdef=2 (ef 4) vant=-1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~2
COMBATE [16] Valencia: atacante A Fatk=9 (ef 9) Fdef=4 (ef 5) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~3
placar: A 12 ald/tropas 22 | B 12 ald/tropas 64 | neutras 0 | transito 14 (A 9 | B 5)

########## TURNO 25 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4089 | resposta 7309 | raciocinio 7309 | finish content_filter | ms 86210
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A in a strategy game. I need to analyze the current state and provide orders for the next turn in a specific JSON format.

First, let's understand the current state:
- Turn 25.
- I hold 10 of 24 villages (need 18 for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate all enemy villages).
- Enemy is King B.
- Villages:
  - [0] Lisboa: 2 troops (2 archer) - capital, interior
  - [1] Santarem: 3 troops (1 archer, 2 knight) - interior
  - [2] Evora: 1 troop (1 knight) - interior
  - [3] Coimbra: 1 troop (1 knight) - interior
  - [4] Badajoz: 3 troops (3 knight) - interior
  - [5] Faro: 11 troops (2 archer, 9 knight) - interior
  - [6] Porto: 3 troops (1 archer, 2 knight) - border with [10] Vigo
  - [7] Salamanca: 2 troops (2 knight) - border with [12] Madrid
  - [8] Toledo: 11 troops (5 archer, 6 knight) - border with [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel
  - [9] Sevilha: 23 troops (7 spearman, 10 archer, 6 knight) - border with [11] Cordoba

Enemy villages visible:
  - [10] Vigo: 1 archer, 1 knight (defense 5)
  - [11] Cordoba: 1 archer, 1 knight (defense 5)
  - [12] Madrid: 8 archers, 6 knights (defense 35) - wait, the text says "garrison: 8 archer, 6 knights | effective defense (location bonus included): 35 (was 15, 5 turns ago)". But last turn "King B attacked YOUR [12] Madrid ... the village FELL. Your garrison ... was destroyed." So Madrid is now enemy, and has a big garrison.
  - [13] Teruel: 2 archers, 1 knight (defense 8)

Known from before:
  - [14] Burgos: enemy
  - [15] Murcia: mine (1 knight)
  - [16] Valencia: mine (1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight)
  - [17] Zaragoza: enemy
  - [18] Castellon: enemy

Unexplored: [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona (enemy capital), [23] Girona.

Let's count my villages: 10 (0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9) + [15] Murcia, [16] Valencia. That's 12 villages. Wait, the prompt says "YOUR VILLAGES (10)". Let's check the list:
0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9. That's 10. But [15] Murcia and [16] Valencia are listed as "YOURS" under "KNOWN FROM BEFORE". So maybe they are also mine, making 12? The prompt says "TOTAL: 60 soldiers at home" in the "YOUR VILLAGES (10)" section, but then lists only 10. Let's assume the 10 listed are the main ones, and [15] and [16] are also mine but not in the main list for some reason, or maybe they are considered part of the 10? No, 0-9 is 10 villages. If Murcia and Valencia are mine, I have 12. But the prompt says "You currently hold 10 of 24". This is a contradiction. Let's look closely.
"YOUR VILLAGES (10)" lists 0 to 9.
"KNOWN FROM BEFORE" lists [15] Murcia (YOURS) and [16] Valencia (YOURS).
If I hold 12, the text "10 of 24" might be outdated or I miscounted. Let's stick to the explicit list of 10 in the main section, but acknowledge Murcia and Valencia as mine. Actually, the prompt says "You currently hold 10 of 24". Maybe the 10 are the ones in the main list, and Murcia/Valencia are not counted or are neutral? No, it says "YOURS". Let's assume I have 12 villages, but the game state says 10. This is confusing. Let's trust the "YOUR VILLAGES (10)" list as the primary source for building and sending troops. I can send troops to [15] and [16] if they are mine.

Let's look at the resources and troops available.
Total troops at home: 60 (7 spearman, 21 archer, 32 knight).
Wait, let's sum the available troops from the list:
[0] Lisboa: 2 archer
[1] Santarem: 1 archer, 2 knight
[2] Evora: 1 knight
[3] Coimbra: 1 knight
[4] Badajoz: 3 knight
[5] Faro: 2 archer, 9 knight
[6] Porto: 1 archer, 2 knight
[7] Salamanca: 2 knight
[8] Toledo: 5 archer, 6 knight
[9] Sevilha: 7 spearman, 10 archer, 6 knight

Sum:
Spearman: 7 (all in Sevilha)
Archer: 2+1+1+2+5+10 = 21. Wait, [0] 2, [1] 1, [5] 2, [6] 1, [8] 5, [9] 10. Total = 21.
Knight: 2+1+1+3+9+2+2+6+6 = 32. Wait, [1] 2, [2] 1, [3] 1, [4] 3, [5] 9, [6] 2, [7] 2, [8] 6, [9] 6. Total = 32.
Total troops = 7 + 21 + 32 = 60. Matches the text.

Now, let's analyze the strategic situation.
My villages:
- Front line: Porto (6), Salamanca (7), Toledo (8), Sevilha (9).
- Rear: Lisboa (0), Santarem (1), Evora (2), Coimbra (3), Badajoz (4), Faro (5).
- Distant: Murcia (15), Valencia (16).

Enemy villages:
- Vigo (10): weak (1 archer, 1 knight, defense 5). Connected to Porto (6) and Burgos (14).
- Cordoba (11): weak (1 archer, 1 knight, defense 5). Connected to Toledo (8), Sevilha (9), Murcia (15).
- Madrid (12): strong (8 archers, 6 knights, defense 35). Connected to Salamanca (7), Toledo (8), Burgos (14), Zaragoza (17).
- Teruel (13): medium (2 archers, 1 knight, defense 8). Connected to Toledo (8), Valencia (16), Zaragoza (17), Castellon (18).
- Burgos (14): unknown strength, connected to Vigo (10), Madrid (12), Pamplona (19).
- Zaragoza (17): unknown, connected to Madrid (12), Teruel (13), Pamplona (19), Huesca (20), Tarragona (21).
- Castellon (18): enemy, connected to Teruel (13), Valencia (16), Tarragona (21).
- Barcelona (22): enemy capital, unknown.

My goal: Hold 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate all enemy villages. I currently hold 10 (or 12). I need to expand.
The enemy has Madrid with a huge garrison (35 defense). It's a tough nut, but I don't necessarily need to take it if I can take enough other villages. However, Madrid is a hub. If I take it, I open paths to the north (Burgos, Zaragoza).
Actually, the prompt says "The enemy capital is the hardest single target on the map; taking it is NOT required to win." So Barcelona (22) is the capital, not Madrid. Madrid is just a big village.

Let's look at the fronts.
Southern front: Sevilha (9) faces Cordoba (11). Cordoba is weak. Sevilha has 23 troops, including 7 spearmen, 10 archers, 6 knights. This is a massive army.
If I attack Cordoba with all of Sevilha's troops:
Cordoba defense: 5 (location bonus included).
My army: 7 spearman, 10 archer, 6 knight.
Most numerous type: archer (10) vs spearman (7) vs knight (6). Archer is most numerous.
Enemy garrison: 1 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous type: tie between archer and knight. Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So archer is the most numerous type for the defender? Or knight? The rule says "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight". So if there is 1 archer and 1 knight, the tie breaks to archer. So defender's most numerous is archer.
My most numerous is archer. Archer vs archer: no counter bonus.
My attack power:
Spearman: 7 * 1 = 7
Archer: 10 * 2 = 20
Knight: 6 * 4 = 24
Total attack = 51.
Wait, the "attack power if all sent" in the prompt for Sevilha is 51. This matches.
Defender defense:
Location bonus is already included in the "effective defense" of 5.
Wait, the combat rules say: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup... Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5".
If my most numerous is archer, and defender's most numerous is archer, no counter.
But wait, the defender is in a village. "Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle". The "effective defense" in the report ALREADY includes the location bonus. So I just use the effective defense directly.
Effective defense of Cordoba is 5.
My effective attack is 51.
51 vs 5. I will win easily.
But wait, the combat rules say: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins... The LOSER is destroyed entirely... The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force".
Loser's effective force: Cordoba has 1 archer, 1 knight.
Archer defense: 2. Knight defense: 2.
Wait, effective force for defense: is it the defense value or the attack value?
"When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs."
So defender's effective force is the sum of their defense values.
Archer defense = 2. Knight defense = 2. Total defense = 4.
But the prompt says "effective defense (location bonus included): 5". This is the village's defense, which includes the garrison and the location bonus.
Let's re-read: "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again."
So Cordoba's effective defense is 5. This is the defender's force.
My attack force is 51.
Winner loses half of the loser's effective force, spread over troop types.
Loser's effective force is 5. Half is 2.5, rounded? Probably 2 or 3.
So I will lose a few troops. It's a very favorable attack.

But wait, I have other villages. Can I reinforce Sevilha?
Faro (5) has 2 archer, 9 knight. It is connected to Sevilha via Badajoz (4) or directly? Road network:
[5] Faro: [2], [4], [9]. Yes, directly connected to [9] Sevilha!
So I can send troops from Faro to Sevilha.
Travel time: Faro to Sevilha. Let's check the march distances.
The prompt doesn't give the march distance from Faro to Sevilha directly, but it says "from here to your nearest border village [9] Sevilha: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Faro. Wait, that's for [5] Faro. It says "nearest front village [9] Sevilha". So it takes 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
If I send troops from Faro to Sevilha, they will arrive in 1-2 turns. But if I attack Cordoba this turn, the troops from Faro won't arrive in time. The attack happens simultaneously with the march. So I should attack with what I have in Sevilha now, and send reinforcements from Faro to Sevilha for the next turn.
Wait, if I attack Cordoba with Sevilha's troops, they will march to Cordoba and fight. The troops from Faro will march to Sevilha and arrive. Then next turn, Sevilha will have the reinforcements, and I can attack the next target.
But if I attack Cordoba, the troops in Sevilha will march to Cordoba. They will leave Sevilha. So Sevilha will be empty until they either win and stay in Cordoba, or lose. If they win, the surviving attackers stay in Cordoba as the new garrison. So Sevilha will be empty. Then the reinforcements from Faro will arrive at Sevilha. That's fine.
But wait, if I send all troops from Sevilha, Sevilha will have 0 troops. Is that safe? Sevilha is a border village, but it only faces Cordoba (11). If I take Cordoba, Sevilha is no longer a border village (it becomes interior, assuming Cordoba is mine). But if the enemy attacks Sevilha while it's empty... The enemy can only attack Sevilha if they march from Cordoba. But Cordoba is enemy. If I attack Cordoba and win, I take it. If I lose, I lose the troops, but Cordoba remains enemy. The enemy could then attack Sevilha. But the enemy doesn't have troops in Cordoba (it has 1 archer, 1 knight). If I attack with 23 troops, I will win. The enemy won't counter-attack immediately because their troops are destroyed.
Actually, the enemy writes their orders at the same time. They might send troops from Madrid or elsewhere to attack Sevilha. But Madrid is far (Salamanca to Madrid is 1 turn, Toledo to Madrid is 1 turn, but Madrid to Sevilha? Road: [12] Madrid: [7], [8], [14], [17]. No direct road to Sevilha. To get to Sevilha, they would have to go through Toledo (8) or Cordoba (11). So they can't directly attack Sevilha from Madrid without going through my villages or Cordoba. So Sevilha is relatively safe from immediate counter-attack.

Let's look at the other fronts.
Toledo (8) faces Cordoba (11), Madrid (12), Teruel (13).
Toledo has 11 troops (5 archer, 6 knight).
Madrid has 35 defense. That's a huge defense. My attack power from Toledo is 34 (5*2 + 6*4 = 10 + 24 = 34). 34 vs 35. I would lose. Even with counter bonus? My most numerous is knight (6) vs archer (5). Enemy in Madrid: 8 archers, 6 knights. Most numerous is archer. Knight vs archer: counter bonus! My whole army force x1.5.
Effective attack = 34 * 1.5 = 51.
Defense = 35.
51 vs 35. I would win!
But wait, the enemy garrison is 8 archers, 6 knights. Their defense values: archer 2, knight 2. Total defense = 8*2 + 6*2 = 28. Location bonus is included in the 35. So effective defense is 35.
My effective attack with counter is 51. 51 > 35. I win.
But the loser loses half of the loser's effective force. Loser's effective force is 35. Half is 17.5. I would lose troops worth 17.5. My army is 11 troops. I might lose a significant portion. But I would conquer Madrid!
However, the prompt says "The enemy capital is the hardest single target on the map; taking it is NOT required to win. The same holds for YOUR capital: losing it does not lose the game". Madrid is not the capital, but it's a very strong village.
Is it worth taking Madrid now? If I take Madrid, I get a big village with 30 wood, 20 iron (probably, like other villages). And I secure the center.
But I need to hold 18 villages. I currently have 10 (or 12). Taking Madrid makes 11 (or 13). Taking Cordoba makes 12 (or 14). Taking Vigo makes 13 (or 15). Taking Teruel makes 14 (or 16). I need 18. So I need to take a lot of villages.
Let's look at the unexplored ones. Barcelona is the capital. If I take enough villages, I might reach 18 without taking Barcelona. But I need to eliminate the enemy or hold 18. If I hold 18, I win. The enemy has: Vigo, Cordoba, Madrid, Teruel, Burgos, Zaragoza, Castellon, Barcelona, Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona, Girona. That's 12 enemy villages. If I take 8 of them, I have 18 total (10 + 8 = 18). So I need to take 8 enemy villages.
Let's list the enemy villages: 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 17, 18, 22, 19, 20, 21, 23. That's 12.
If I take Vigo (10), Cordoba (11), Madrid (12), Teruel (13), that's 4. I have 14. I need 4 more from the north: Burgos (14), Zaragoza (17), Castellon (18), etc.
Actually, Murcia (15) and Valencia (16) are already mine. So I have 12. I need 6 more to reach 18.
If I take Vigo, Cordoba, Madrid, Teruel, that's 4 more, total 16. I need 2 more.
So taking Madrid is very helpful.

But let's check the march distances.
Toledo to Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn. So 1 turn for knights.
Toledo to Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.
Toledo to Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.
Salamanca to Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.
Porto to Vigo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.
Sevilha to Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.

So all my border villages can attack their adjacent enemies in 1 turn (for fast troops).
If I order attacks this turn, they will arrive and fight next turn? No, "march from [x]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". This means if I send knights, they take 1 turn to arrive. So if I order them now, they arrive at the start of the next turn, and the combat happens then? Or do they arrive and fight in the same turn?
"An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there... Travel time is measured along the roads... Marching takes turns, and during those turns the enemy keeps building and moving."
If it takes 1 fast turn, they arrive at the destination at the end of the turn? Or at the beginning of the next turn?
Usually in these games, if it takes 1 turn, they arrive and can fight in the same turn. But the prompt says "The report shows travel time per speed (e.g. 'march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns')". If it's 1 fast turn, they arrive next turn. But combat is simultaneous. So if I order an attack this turn, the troops march for 1 turn, and the combat happens next turn? Or does the combat happen this turn?
Let's look at "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN":
- "ON THE ROAD between [6] Porto and [10] Vigo: your army marching [6] Porto -> [10] Vigo WON."
- "You attacked [10] Vigo with 1 knight... DEFEAT."
- "You attacked [12] Madrid with 6 archers, 4 knights... VICTORY, conquered."
This implies that attacks ordered last turn resulted in combat this turn (Turn 25). So the combat happens on the turn the troops arrive. If it takes 1 turn, they arrive and fight on the next turn. But the report says "You attacked [12] Madrid... VICTORY". This was an attack ordered on Turn 24, arriving on Turn 25.
So if I order attacks now (Turn 25), they will arrive and fight on Turn 26.
This means the enemy also orders their attacks on Turn 25, which arrive on Turn 26.
So I need to plan for Turn 26 combats.

Let's decide on the moves for Turn 25.
I want to attack multiple fronts.
Targets:
1. Cordoba (11) from Sevilha (9). Sevilha has 23 troops. Overwhelming force.
2. Vigo (10) from Porto (6). Porto has 3 troops (1 archer, 2 knight). Vigo has 1 archer, 1 knight, defense 5. My attack power: 1*2 + 2*4 = 10. 10 vs 5. Easy win.
3. Madrid (12) from Toledo (8) or Salamanca (7). Toledo has 11 troops (5 archer, 6 knight). Attack power 34. With counter (knight vs archer), 51. Defense 35. Win, but heavy losses.
Salamanca has 2 troops (2 knight). Attack power 8. Too weak.
So Toledo should attack Madrid.
4. Teruel (13) from Toledo (8). Teruel has 2 archers, 1 knight, defense 8. My attack power from Toledo if I split? I can't split Toledo's troops to attack both Madrid and Teruel in the same turn if they are both 1 turn away. Wait, "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." But I can send from the same village to different targets? "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". If I send from Toledo to Madrid, they go directly. If I send from Toledo to Teruel, they go directly. Can I split the garrison of Toledo into two armies? The prompt says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 5 archer, 6 knight". It doesn't say I can't split them. But "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up". It doesn't explicitly forbid sending part of a village's troops to one target and part to another. However, "Each village you hold produces resources every turn, and resources are what build your army." And "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." For movement, it says "movements": [ {"fromId": ..., "toId": ..., "troops": {...}} ]. It implies I can send any number of troops from a village. But if I send them to different targets, they will march separately.
But wait, if I send troops from Toledo to Madrid, and also from Toledo to Teruel, they will both march. Is that allowed? The rules don't forbid it. But it might be strategically unwise to split my forces when I can concentrate on one target. However, I have multiple fronts. I need to push on all fronts to reach 18 villages quickly.
Let's look at the road network.
Toledo (8) connects to Cordoba (11), Madrid (12), Teruel (13).
If I attack Cordoba from Sevilha, and also from Toledo? No, Sevilha is closer to Cordoba, and has more troops. I should use Sevilha for Cordoba.
Toledo can attack Madrid or Teruel. Madrid is the stronger target but gives a big village. Teruel is weaker (defense 8). My troops in Toledo: 5 archer, 6 knight. Attack power 34. Against Teruel (defense 8), it's a stomp. Against Madrid (defense 35), it's a close fight (51 with counter vs 35). If I take Madrid, I get a huge village, but I lose many troops. If I take Teruel, I get a village, lose fewer troops, and I open the path to Valencia (mine) and Zaragoza.
Actually, Valencia (16) is already mine. Teruel (13) is between Toledo and Valencia. If I take Teruel, my southern flank is secured, and I can push towards Zaragoza (17) and Castellon (18).
But I need to move fast. The enemy has Madrid with a huge garrison. If I don't take it, it's a threat. But maybe I can take it later when I have more troops.
Let's look at the "plan" from last turn: "This turn, we take Vigo and Madrid to secure the northern and central fronts. We reinforce Porto, Toledo, and Valencia to prepare for the next pushes. Next turn, Sevilha (reinforced by Faro) will attack Cordoba, and Toledo (reinforced by Badajoz) will attack Teruel. We continue building knights in all villages to maintain our military strength. Target 18 villages by turn 28."
The plan says to take Vigo and Madrid this turn. But the plan was written last turn, and now it's Turn 25. The plan says "This turn, we take Vigo and Madrid". So on Turn 24, the plan was to attack Vigo and Madrid on Turn 25. But the "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" says:
- "You attacked [10] Vigo with 1 knight... DEFEAT." (So the attack on Vigo failed because I only sent 1 knight? Or I sent more but only 1 knight is mentioned? "You attacked [10] Vigo with 1 knight (effective force 6 vs its defense 8): DEFEAT. Your whole army was destroyed; the defenders lost 1 troop (2 left)." Wait, Vigo's defense was 8? The current report says Vigo's effective defense is 5. But last turn it was 8? The report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 5 (was 30, 5 turns ago)". Wait, the "was 30" is confusing. Maybe it means the defense value was 30 five turns ago? No, "was 30, 5 turns ago" might mean the garrison was 30 troops? Or the defense was 30? The text says "effective defense (location bonus included): 5 (was 30, 5 turns ago)". This implies the defense dropped from 30 to 5. That's a huge drop. Maybe I conquered it and it's a new garrison? No, it says "ENEMY (King B)". So the enemy lost troops.
Anyway, last turn I attacked Vigo with 1 knight and lost. I attacked Madrid with 6 archers, 4 knights and won, conquering it. But then "King B attacked YOUR [12] Madrid... the village FELL." So I took Madrid, but then the enemy took it back in the same turn? Or next turn? "King B attacked YOUR [12] Madrid with 10 archers, 7 knights... the village FELL. Your garrison (5 archers, 3 knights) was destroyed." This happened last turn. So Madrid is now enemy again, with a huge garrison (8 archers, 6 knights).
So the plan to take Madrid failed because the enemy counter-attacked and took it back. Or maybe I took it, but the enemy had a reinforcement that arrived and took it. The report says "King B attacked YOUR [12] Madrid". This means Madrid was mine when they attacked. So I had conquered it, but then lost it.
This is a back-and-forth. Madrid is a tough nut to crack because it's a hub and the enemy can reinforce it quickly.
The current plan says "Next turn, Sevilha (reinforced by Faro) will attack Cordoba, and Toledo (reinforced by Badajoz) will attack Teruel." This was the plan for Turn 25 (the turn we are planning now). But the plan also said "This turn, we take Vigo and Madrid". That didn't happen (Vigo failed, Madrid was lost). So the plan needs updating.

Let's formulate a new plan.
Current state: Turn 25.
I have 10 villages (plus Murcia and Valencia, total 12).
I need 18. I need 6 more.
Enemy villages: Vigo (10), Cordoba (11), Madrid (12), Teruel (13), Burgos (14), Zaragoza (17), Castellon (18), Barcelona (22), Pamplona (19), Huesca (20), Tarragona (21), Girona (23).
I can see Vigo, Cordoba, Madrid, Teruel.
I know Burgos, Zaragoza, Castellon from before.
Unexplored: Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona, Barcelona, Girona.

Strategy:
I should focus on the southern and eastern fronts where I have numerical superiority.
Sevilha (9) has 23 troops. It can easily take Cordoba (11).
Toledo (8) has 11 troops. It can take Teruel (13) (defense 8) or Madrid (12) (defense 35). Madrid is risky because of the huge garrison and the fact that it's a hub where the enemy can reinforce. Teruel is weaker and opens the path to Valencia (mine) and Zaragoza.
Porto (6) has 3 troops. It can take Vigo (10) (defense 5). Vigo opens the path to Burgos (14).
Salamanca (7) has 2 troops. It faces Madrid (12). It's too weak to attack Madrid alone. It should just defend or wait for reinforcements.
Faro (5) has 11 troops. It can reinforce Sevilha.
Badajoz (4) has 3 troops. It can reinforce Toledo.
Coimbra (3) has 1 troop. Can reinforce Porto or Salamanca.
Santarem (1) has 3 troops. Can reinforce Porto.
Lisboa (0) has 2 troops. Can reinforce Santarem.
Evora (2) has 1 troop. Can reinforce Faro or Sevilha.

Let's plan the attacks for Turn 25 (arriving Turn 26):
1. Sevilha (9) -> Cordoba (11). Send all 23 troops (7 spearman, 10 archer, 6 knight).
   Attack power: 51. Defense: 5. Easy win. Losses will be minimal (half of 5 = 2.5, so maybe 2-3 troops).
   After taking Cordoba, I have 13 villages. Cordoba connects to Murcia (15) (mine) and Sevilha (9) (mine). So my southern area is a solid block.
2. Toledo (8) -> Teruel (13). Send all 11 troops (5 archer, 6 knight).
   Attack power: 34. Defense: 8. Easy win. Losses minimal.
   After taking Teruel, I have 14 villages. Teruel connects to Valencia (16) (mine) and Zaragoza (17) (enemy). So I can push towards Zaragoza next.
3. Porto (6) -> Vigo (10). Send all 3 troops (1 archer, 2 knight).
   Attack power: 10. Defense: 5. Easy win.
   After taking Vigo, I have 15 villages. Vigo connects to Burgos (14) (enemy). I can push towards Burgos.
4. Reinforcements:
   - Faro (5) -> Sevilha (9). Send 2 archer, 9 knight. They will arrive in 1-2 turns. Sevilha will be empty after attacking Cordoba, so this reinforces it for the next push.
   - Badajoz (4) -> Toledo (8). Send 3 knight. Toledo will be empty after attacking Teruel, so this reinforces it.
   - Santarem (1) -> Porto (6). Send 1 archer, 2 knight. Porto will be empty after attacking Vigo, so this reinforces it.
   - Coimbra (3) -> Porto (6) or Salamanca (7). Send 1 knight. To reinforce Porto or Salamanca. Salamanca faces Madrid, so maybe send to Salamanca to help defend or prepare for attack. But Salamanca to Madrid is 1 turn. If I send to Salamanca, they can attack Madrid next turn. But I need more troops for Madrid. Let's send Coimbra's knight to Salamanca.
   - Lisboa (0) -> Santarem (1) or Porto (6). Send 2 archer. To reinforce the northern front.
   - Evora (2) -> Sevilha (9) or Faro (5). Send 1 knight. To reinforce Sevilha.

Wait, if I send all troops from Sevilha to Cordoba, Sevilha will be empty. Then the reinforcements from Faro and Evora will arrive and fill it. That's good.
But what about the enemy's turn? The enemy will also move. They might attack my empty villages. But my empty villages are interior (Sevilha, Toledo, Porto) after I attack. The enemy can only attack them if they march from adjacent enemy villages.
- Sevilha: adjacent to Cordoba (enemy). If I attack Cordoba, the enemy there is destroyed. So no enemy can attack Sevilha from Cordoba. The only other neighbor is Badajoz (mine) and Faro (mine). So Sevilha is safe.
- Toledo: adjacent to Cordoba (enemy), Madrid (enemy), Teruel (enemy). If I attack Teruel, the enemy there is destroyed. But Madrid is still enemy, and Cordoba is still enemy (if I don't attack it from Sevilha simultaneously? Wait, I am attacking Cordoba from Sevilha and Teruel from Toledo. These are simultaneous. So Cordoba and Teruel are both attacked this turn. The enemy in Cordoba and Teruel will be destroyed (assuming I win). But what about Madrid? Madrid is adjacent to Toledo. The enemy in Madrid could attack Toledo! But Toledo will be empty after I send troops to Teruel. If the enemy attacks Toledo from Madrid, they will meet my marching troops? No, my troops are marching to Teruel. The enemy troops marching from Madrid to Toledo will march along the road. They won't meet my troops because my troops are going to Teruel, not Toledo. The enemy will arrive at Toledo and find it empty (or with the garrison that didn't leave? I sent all 11 troops. So Toledo is empty). The enemy will occupy Toledo. That would be bad.
Wait, "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". If Toledo is mine, and the enemy marches from Madrid to Toledo, they arrive at Toledo. Since Toledo is mine, they stop and fight? No, "the first village on its path that is not yours". Toledo is mine, so it is not "not yours". They would stop at Toledo and fight the garrison. But the garrison is empty. So they would just occupy it? "When an attack conquers a village, the surviving attackers stay there as its new garrison." If there is no garrison, they just stay. So the enemy could take Toledo without a fight!
This is a risk. If I empty Toledo to attack Teruel, Madrid could counter-attack and take Toledo.
To prevent this, I should leave a small garrison in Toledo, or attack Madrid instead of Teruel to neutralize the threat.
But if I attack Madrid, I use all of Toledo's troops. Then Teruel could attack Toledo? Teruel is also adjacent to Toledo. If I attack Madrid, Teruel could attack Toledo. But I would be attacking Madrid, so the enemy in Madrid is occupied. The enemy in Teruel could attack Toledo.
Actually, the enemy writes their orders at the same time as me. They don't know I am attacking Madrid or Teruel. They just see the current state. They might send troops from Madrid to attack Toledo, or from Teruel to attack Toledo. If I attack Madrid, the troops in Madrid are still there (they don't leave until they march). So if they march to Toledo, they leave Madrid. But I am attacking Madrid. The combat happens when they arrive? No, combat happens when armies meet. If I attack Madrid, my troops march to Madrid. The enemy troops march to Toledo. They pass each other on the road? No, they are on different roads? Madrid to Toledo is a road. My troops from Toledo to Madrid use the same road in the opposite direction. "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
########## TURNO 25 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4642 | resposta 15487 | raciocinio 10825 | finish content_filter | ms 145592
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 15, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 14, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 11, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 10, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 12, \"toId\": 7, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 8, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 14, \"toId\": 10, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 4, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 14, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 15, \"toId\": 11, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 16, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 1, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 18, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 17, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 0}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Attack Salamanca from Madrid with 8 archers to secure a border village. Reinforce Vigo from Burgos to prepare for an attack on Porto next turn. Reinforce Cordoba, Teruel, and Madrid to secure my borders against enemy counterattacks. Continue building spearmen and archers in interior villages to counter enemy knights and replenish losses.\",\n  \"statement\": \"My forces are on the move! I am attacking Salamanca to expand my territory, while reinforcing Vigo, Cordoba, Teruel, and Madrid to secure my borders. I am also building up my interior villages to ensure a steady stream of troops. On to victory!\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B in a strategy game. I need to analyze the current state, make decisions for building and moving troops, and provide a plan and statement.

Let's analyze the state:
- Turn 25.
- I hold 14 villages. Need 18 (75% of 24) for 2 consecutive turns to win, or eliminate every enemy village.
- Enemy capital is [0] Lisboa, but taking it is NOT required to win.
- Enemy is King A.
- My villages: 22 Barcelona, 21 Tarragona, 23 Girona, 18 Castellon, 17 Zaragoza, 20 Huesca, 16 Valencia, 13 Teruel, 12 Madrid, 15 Murcia, 19 Pamplona, 14 Burgos, 11 Cordoba, 10 Vigo.
- Enemy villages I can see: 7 Salamanca, 8 Toledo, 6 Porto, 9 Sevilha.
- Known from before: 4 Badajoz, 3 Coimbra, 5 Faro.
- Unexplored: 1 Santarem, 0 Lisboa, 2 Evora.

Let's look at the troop counts and resources:
My villages and available troops:
- [22] Barcelona: 6 spearman, 10 archer, 4 knight (attack 42). Capital, wood 30, iron 20. Def 60.
- [21] Tarragona: 0 spearman, 12 archer, 1 knight (attack 28). Wood 40, iron 30. Def 33.
- [23] Girona: 10 spearman, 3 archer, 8 knight (attack 48). Wood 30, iron 40. Def 53.
- [18] Castellon: 0 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight (attack 8). Wood 30, iron 20. Def 8.
- [17] Zaragoza: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight (attack 6). Wood 40, iron 20. Def 5.
- [20] Huesca: 0 spearman, 10 archer, 1 knight (attack 24). Wood 30, iron 30. Def 28.
- [16] Valencia: 1 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight (attack 17). Wood 50, iron 20. Def 15.
- [13] Teruel: 0 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight (attack 8). Wood 30, iron 20. Def 8. Border with [8] Toledo.
- [12] Madrid: 0 spearman, 8 archer, 6 knight (attack 40). Wood 30, iron 20. Def 35. Border with [7], [8].
- [15] Murcia: 2 spearman, 5 archer, 4 knight (attack 28). Wood 30, iron 40. Def 28.
- [19] Pamplona: 0 spearman, 6 archer, 1 knight (attack 16). Wood 30, iron 30. Def 18.
- [14] Burgos: 0 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight (attack 20). Wood 40, iron 30. Def 20.
- [11] Cordoba: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight (attack 6). Wood 40, iron 30. Def 5. Border with [8], [9].
- [10] Vigo: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight (attack 6). Wood 35, iron 20. Def 5. Border with [6] Porto.

Total soldiers at home: 123.
Total available to send: 19 spearman, 69 archer, 35 knight. Wait, the text says "TOTAL: 123 soldiers at home (19 spearman, 69 archer, 35 knight) + 0 marching". But the sum is 19+69+35 = 123. Yes.
But the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" sums up to:
Barcelona: 6s, 10a, 4k
Tarragona: 0s, 12a, 1k
Girona: 10s, 3a, 8k
Castellon: 0s, 2a, 1k
Zaragoza: 0s, 1a, 1k
Huesca: 0s, 10a, 1k
Valencia: 1s, 2a, 3k
Teruel: 0s, 2a, 1k
Madrid: 0s, 8a, 6k
Murcia: 2s, 5a, 4k
Pamplona: 0s, 6a, 1k
Burgos: 0s, 6a, 2k
Cordoba: 0s, 1a, 1k
Vigo: 0s, 1a, 1k
Total available: 19s, 69a, 35k. Matches.

Enemy villages:
[7] Salamanca: 2 knights, def 5 (was 35). March from [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
[8] Toledo: 5 archers, 6 knights, def 28 (was 38). March from [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
[6] Porto: 1 archer, 2 knights, def 8 (was 28). March from [10] Vigo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
[9] Sevilha: 7 spearmen, 10 archers, 6 knights, def 58 (was 15). March from [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

Known from before:
[4] Badajoz: enemy, was 4 archers, 4 knights.
[3] Coimbra: enemy, was 12 archers, 8 knights.
[5] Faro: enemy, was 4 spearmen, 3 archers, 4 knights.

Unexplored:
[1] Santarem, [0] Lisboa (capital), [2] Evora.

Road network:
[0] Lisboa: [1], [2]
[1] Santarem: [0], [3], [4]
[2] Evora: [0], [5]
[3] Coimbra: [1], [6], [7]
[4] Badajoz: [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]
[5] Faro: [2], [4], [9]
[6] Porto: [3], [7], [10]
[7] Salamanca: [3], [4], [6], [12]
[8] Toledo: [4], [11], [12], [13]
[9] Sevilha: [4], [5], [11]
[10] Vigo: [6], [14]
[11] Cordoba: [8], [9], [15]
[12] Madrid: [7], [8], [14], [17]
[13] Teruel: [8], [16], [17], [18]
[14] Burgos: [10], [12], [19]
[15] Murcia: [11], [16]
[16] Valencia: [13], [15], [18]
[17] Zaragoza: [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]
[18] Castellon: [13], [16], [21]
[19] Pamplona: [14], [17], [20]
[20] Huesca: [17], [19], [23]
[21] Tarragona: [17], [18], [22]
[22] Barcelona: [21], [23]
[23] Girona: [20], [22]

Let's look at the borders:
My border villages:
- [13] Teruel borders [8] Toledo.
- [12] Madrid borders [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo.
- [11] Cordoba borders [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha.
- [10] Vigo borders [6] Porto.

Enemy villages I can attack directly:
From [12] Madrid: [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo.
From [11] Cordoba: [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha.
From [10] Vigo: [6] Porto.
From [13] Teruel: [8] Toledo.

Wait, the march distances:
From [12] Madrid to [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
From [12] Madrid to [8] Toledo: wait, road network says [12] Madrid connects to [7], [8], [14], [17]. So yes, [12] to [8] is 1 turn? The text says "march from [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for [8] Toledo. And "march from [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for [7] Salamanca.
Let's check the distances:
[12] Madrid to [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast.
[12] Madrid to [8] Toledo: road exists. Distance? Probably 1 turn as well, but not explicitly stated. However, [12] is connected to [8].
[11] Cordoba to [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast.
[11] Cordoba to [9] Sevilha: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast.
[10] Vigo to [6] Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast.
[13] Teruel to [8] Toledo: road exists. Distance? Probably 1 turn.

Let's look at the enemy's strength:
[7] Salamanca: 2 knights, def 5. Very weak. Effective defense 5.
[8] Toledo: 5 archers, 6 knights, def 28. Medium.
[6] Porto: 1 archer, 2 knights, def 8. Weak.
[9] Sevilha: 7 spearmen, 10 archers, 6 knights, def 58. Strong.

Wait, the effective defense values are:
[7] Salamanca: 5 (was 35)
[8] Toledo: 28 (was 38)
[6] Porto: 8 (was 28)
[9] Sevilha: 58 (was 15)
This is strange. "was 35, 5 turns ago". Why did it drop so much? Maybe because of battles or reinforcements? Or maybe the "effective defense" is the current defense including location bonus, and the "was" is the base defense? No, "effective defense (location bonus included): 5 (was 35, 5 turns ago)". It seems the garrison was depleted or something. But the garrison listed is "2 knights". 2 knights have defense 2 each, total 4. In a village, defense counts x1.25. So 4 * 1.25 = 5. Yes, effective defense is 5. The "was 35" means 5 turns ago it had a much larger garrison.
So the current garrisons are what matter.

Let's calculate attack power needed to take these villages.
To attack, I send troops. The attacker counts their ATTACK. The defender counts DEFENSE (with location bonus already included in the "effective defense" value).
Wait, the rules say: "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again."
So for [7] Salamanca, effective defense is 5.
For [8] Toledo, effective defense is 28.
For [6] Porto, effective defense is 8.
For [9] Sevilha, effective defense is 58.

How is effective attack calculated?
"When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs."
"Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
"The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."

Troop attacks:
spearman: attack 1
archer: attack 2
knight: attack 4

Let's say I send 10 archers from Madrid to Salamanca.
Attack power: 10 * 2 = 20.
Defender: 2 knights. Defense is 2 each. Effective defense is 5 (includes location bonus).
Wait, the rule says: "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again."
So the defender's effective defense is 5.
My attack power is 20. 20 > 5, so I win.
But wait, how is the defender's defense calculated? Is it the sum of their defense values multiplied by the location bonus, or is it just the "effective defense" number?
"The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again."
This means I just compare my total attack (with counter bonus if applicable) to the "effective defense" number.
Wait, if I send a mixed army, how is the attack calculated?
"The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup"
If I send 10 archers, the most numerous type is archer. The defender has 2 knights. Archer vs Knight: knight counters archer? No, "knight counters archer". So the defender has the counter! Wait, "spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer."
So if attacker is archers, defender is knights, the defender has the counter? No, the counter triangle is for the attacker. "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
Wait, if attacker is archers, and defender is knights, knights counter archers. So the defender has the counter against the attacker. Does the attacker get a bonus? No, the attacker only gets the bonus if they counter the defender's most numerous type.
Defender's most numerous type is knight. Attacker's most numerous is archer. Knight counters archer, so attacker does NOT counter. Archer does NOT counter knight. So no bonus for attacker.
What if attacker sends spearmen? Spearman counters knight. So if defender is knights, and attacker sends spearmen, attacker gets 1.5x bonus.

Let's check the enemy garrisons:
[7] Salamanca: 2 knights. Most numerous: knight. To counter, I need spearmen.
[8] Toledo: 5 archers, 6 knights. Most numerous: knight (6 vs 5). To counter, I need spearmen.
[6] Porto: 1 archer, 2 knights. Most numerous: knight. To counter, I need spearmen.
[9] Sevilha: 7 spearmen, 10 archers, 6 knights. Most numerous: archer (10). To counter, I need knights.

So to attack [7], [8], [6], I should use spearmen to get the 1.5x bonus against knights.
To attack [9], I should use knights to get the 1.5x bonus against archers.

Let's look at my available spearmen:
Barcelona: 6
Girona: 10
Valencia: 1
Murcia: 2
Total: 19 spearmen.
If I send all 19 spearmen, attack power = 19 * 1 = 19. With counter bonus (if most numerous is spearman), 19 * 1.5 = 28.5.
Wait, if I mix spearmen with other troops, the most numerous type sets the counter. If I send 10 spearmen and 10 archers, it's a tie. "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight". So spearman wins ties. So if I send 10 spearmen and 10 archers, the most numerous is spearman (tie broken in favor of spearman). So I get the spearman counter.
But if I send only archers, no counter bonus.

Let's look at the targets:
[7] Salamanca: def 5. Very weak. I can send a small force. Even 4 archers (attack 8) would beat def 5. But to be safe and conserve spearmen, maybe send archers or knights. Wait, if I send 4 knights, attack 16, def 5, easy win. But knights are expensive. I have plenty of archers.
Actually, I need to hold 18 villages. I currently hold 14. I need 4 more.
The easiest targets are [7] Salamanca (def 5), [6] Porto (def 8), [8] Toledo (def 28), [9] Sevilha (def 58).
Wait, what about the unexplored villages? [1] Santarem, [0] Lisboa, [2] Evora. They are enemy villages. If I can reach them, I can attack them. But I don't know their garrisons.
Road network:
[7] Salamanca connects to [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto, [12] Madrid.
[8] Toledo connects to [4] Badajoz, [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel.
[9] Sevilha connects to [4] Badajoz, [5] Faro, [11] Cordoba.
[6] Porto connects to [3] Coimbra, [7] Salamanca, [10] Vigo.

If I take [7] Salamanca, I can reach [3] Coimbra and [4] Badajoz.
If I take [8] Toledo, I can reach [4] Badajoz.
If I take [9] Sevilha, I can reach [4] Badajoz and [5] Faro.
If I take [6] Porto, I can reach [3] Coimbra.

To get to the unexplored [1] Santarem, [0] Lisboa, [2] Evora:
[1] Santarem connects to [0], [3], [4].
[2] Evora connects to [0], [5].
[0] Lisboa connects to [1], [2].
So I need to take [3] Coimbra or [4] Badajoz or [5] Faro to reach them.
[3] Coimbra is reachable from [6] Porto or [7] Salamanca.
[4] Badajoz is reachable from [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha.
[5] Faro is reachable from [9] Sevilha.

So my immediate goals should be to take the weak border villages: [7] Salamanca and [6] Porto.
[7] Salamanca is reachable from [12] Madrid. Distance: 1 turn.
[6] Porto is reachable from [10] Vigo. Distance: 1 turn.

Let's plan the attacks:
Attack [7] Salamanca from [12] Madrid.
Madrid has: 0 spearman, 8 archer, 6 knight. Attack power if all sent: 40.
Defender: 2 knights, def 5.
If I send 6 knights from Madrid: attack 24. Def 5. Win easily. But knights are valuable. Maybe send 4 knights? Attack 16. Or send 8 archers: attack 16. Def 5. Win.
Wait, if I send archers, they don't counter knights. But 16 > 5, so still win.
Actually, I should send a mix to preserve knights, or just send archers. Let's send 8 archers and 2 knights? No, just send what's needed. 8 archers have attack 16, which is > 5. But wait, the winner takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force). The loser's effective force is 5. So my losses will be proportional to 5. If I send 8 archers, I might lose some. To minimize losses, maybe send a smaller force? But the battle is resolved by comparing effective forces. The loser's effective force is 5. My effective force is 16. The difference is 11. Attrition is based on the loser's effective force. "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So I will lose some troops, but not all. The exact formula isn't given, but generally, sending more troops reduces relative losses, or maybe sending just enough is better. Let's send a decent force to ensure victory and not lose too many.
Actually, I want to build up my army. I should build troops in my interior villages.
Let's check my interior villages' resources and cap:
Barcelona: wood 30, iron 20. Cap 300. Troops 20. Can build.
Tarragona: wood 40, iron 30. Troops 13. Can build.
Girona: wood 30, iron 40. Troops 21. Can build.
Castellon: wood 30, iron 20. Troops 3. Can build.
Zaragoza: wood 40, iron 20. Troops 2. Can build.
Huesca: wood 30, iron 30. Troops 11. Can build.
Valencia: wood 50, iron 20. Troops 6. Can build.
Murcia: wood 30, iron 40. Troops 11. Can build.
Pamplona: wood 30, iron 30. Troops 7. Can build.
Burgos: wood 40, iron 30. Troops 8. Can build.

I need to build troops to replenish and expand.
What should I build?
I need spearmen to counter knights (Toledo, Salamanca, Porto have many knights).
I need knights to counter archers (Sevilha has many archers).
I need archers for general purpose.
Let's look at the costs:
spearman: 15 wood + 0 iron.
archer: 20 wood + 10 iron.
knight: 30 wood + 30 iron.

I have plenty of wood and iron. Let's build spearmen and archers mainly, as they are cheaper and I need to counter knights.
Wait, the enemy capital is Lisboa. I don't know its garrison. But I don't need to take it to win. I just need 18 villages.
Let's list the villages I need: 14 + 4 = 18.
The 4 easiest are [7] Salamanca, [6] Porto, [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha. Or maybe some unexplored ones if they are weak. But I can't see them.
Let's focus on [7] Salamanca and [6] Porto first. They are very weak (def 5 and 8).
Then, from there, I can attack [3] Coimbra or [4] Badajoz.
Let's check the last seen state of [3] Coimbra: 12 archers, 8 knights. That's a strong garrison. Def would be high.
[4] Badajoz: 4 archers, 4 knights. Medium.
[5] Faro: 4 spearmen, 3 archers, 4 knights. Medium.

So taking [7] and [6] will give me 16 villages. Then I need 2 more. [8] Toledo has def 28. [9] Sevilha has def 58.
Or I can take [4] Badajoz from [7] Salamanca or [8] Toledo.
Let's look at the march distances:
From [12] Madrid to [7] Salamanca: 1 turn.
From [10] Vigo to [6] Porto: 1 turn.
From [7] Salamanca to [4] Badajoz: road exists. Distance? [7] connects to [4]. Probably 1 or 2 turns.
From [6] Porto to [3] Coimbra: road exists. Distance? [6] connects to [3]. Probably 1 or 2 turns.

Let's plan the builds and movements for this turn.

Builds:
I should build troops in my interior villages to have a steady income of troops.
Let's build spearmen and archers.
Barcelona: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 2 archers (40 wood? No, archer costs 20 wood + 10 iron. Barcelona has 30 wood, 20 iron. So it can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron). Total 35 wood, 10 iron. Or 2 spearman (30 wood). Let's build 2 spearman. Cost 30 wood. Iron remains 20.
Wait, "spearman: costs 15 wood + 0 iron". So 2 spearmen cost 30 wood. Barcelona has 30 wood. Yes.
Tarragona: wood 40, iron 30. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 2 archers. Cost 40 wood, 20 iron.
Girona: wood 30, iron 40. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 2 archers. Cost 40 wood? Girona has 30 wood. So it can only build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron). Total 35 wood. Or 2 spearman (30 wood). Let's build 2 spearman. Cost 30 wood.
Castellon: wood 30, iron 20. Build 2 spearman. Cost 30 wood.
Zaragoza: wood 40, iron 20. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron - no, only 20 iron). So 2 archers. Cost 40 wood, 20 iron.
Huesca: wood 30, iron 30. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Or 2 spearman (30 wood). Let's build 2 spearman. Cost 30 wood.
Valencia: wood 50, iron 20. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood). Total 55 wood - too much. Valencia has 50 wood. So 2 archers (40 wood) and 0 spearman. Or 3 spearman (45 wood). Let's build 3 spearman. Cost 45 wood.
Murcia: wood 30, iron 40. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) - only 30 wood. So 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood). Total 35 wood. Or 2 spearman (30 wood). Let's build 2 spearman. Cost 30 wood.
Pamplona: wood 30, iron 30. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Or 2 spearman (30 wood). Let's build 2 spearman. Cost 30 wood.
Burgos: wood 40, iron 30. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Cost 40 wood, 20 iron.
Cordoba: wood 40, iron 30. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Cost 40 wood, 20 iron.
Vigo: wood 35, iron 20. Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood). Total 35 wood. Or 2 spearman (30 wood). Let's build 2 spearman. Cost 30 wood.

Wait, I need to be efficient. I need to build troops to attack.
Let's focus on building spearmen because they are cheap and counter the knights in Salamanca, Toledo, Porto.
Also, I need to send troops to attack.

Movements:
Attack [7] Salamanca from [12] Madrid.
Madrid has 8 archers, 6 knights. I can send 8 archers. Attack 16. Def 5. Win.
Wait, if I send 8 archers, the most numerous is archer. Defender is knights. No counter. But 16 > 5, so I win.
But I might lose some archers. To minimize losses, maybe send 4 knights? Attack 16. Def 5. Win. But knights are expensive and I need them for Sevilha.
What if I send 4 spearmen? I don't have spearmen in Madrid. I have 0 spearman in Madrid.
Can I send troops from another village to Madrid, and then to Salamanca? No, movements are simultaneous. If I send from Barcelona to Madrid, they arrive next turn, and then next turn they can go to Salamanca. But I want to attack now.
So I must use Madrid's troops.
Let's send 6 archers from Madrid to Salamanca. Attack 12. Def 5. Win.
Or send 4 archers and 2 knights? Attack: 4*2 + 2*4 = 16. Most numerous is archer (4 vs 2). No counter. Still 16 > 5.
Let's send 6 archers. Attack 12. Def 5. Win.

Attack [6] Porto from [10] Vigo.
Vigo has 1 archer, 1 knight. Attack: 2 + 4 = 6. Def 8. 6 < 8. I would lose!
Wait, effective defense of Porto is 8. My attack is 6. I need more troops.
Can I send from Burgos to Vigo? Burgos is connected to [10] Vigo. Distance: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Burgos. But Burgos to Vigo is direct. Road: [14] Burgos connects to [10] Vigo. So 1 turn.
But if I send from Burgos to Vigo, they arrive next turn. Then next turn I can attack Porto. Or I can send from Burgos directly to Porto? "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". If I send from Burgos to Porto, the path is Burgos -> Vigo -> Porto. Vigo is mine, so they pass through? "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours". Vigo is mine, so they don't stop there. They go to Porto. But the march takes 2 turns (Burgos to Vigo is 1 turn, Vigo to Porto is 1 turn). So they arrive in 2 turns.
But I want to attack now. I can send Vigo's troops, but they are too weak.
I can send reinforcements from Burgos to Vigo this turn, and next turn Vigo attacks Porto.
Or I can send from Madrid to Salamanca, and from Cordoba to Sevilha? No, Sevilha is too strong.
Let's look at the map. Vigo is my village. It has 2 troops. Porto has def 8. I need at least attack 9 to beat def 8 (since tie favors defender).
If I send 1 archer (2) and 2 knights (8) = 10. But Vigo only has 1 archer, 1 knight. I need to send more.
Can I send from Burgos to Vigo this turn? Burgos has 6 archers, 2 knights. I can send 4 archers to Vigo. They arrive next turn. Then next turn, Vigo has 1 archer + 4 archers = 5 archers, 1 knight. Attack 10+4=14. Then attack Porto.
Or, I can send from Burgos directly to Porto? Path: Burgos -> Vigo -> Porto. Takes 2 turns.
Let's send 4 archers from Burgos to Vigo. And send Vigo's 1 archer and 1 knight to Porto? No, if I send Vigo's troops, they leave Vigo. Then Vigo is empty. Then Burgos troops arrive at Vigo. That's fine.
Wait, if I send Vigo's troops to Porto, they fight. Attack 6 vs Def 8. They lose! So don't send Vigo alone.
I must reinforce Vigo first. So send 4 archers from Burgos to Vigo. They arrive next turn.
Next turn, Vigo will have 5 archers, 1 knight. Then send them to Porto.
So this turn, I only reinforce Vigo.

What about Salamanca? Madrid has 8 archers, 6 knights. Def 5. I can send 6 archers to Salamanca. Attack 12 > 5. Win.
Let's do that.

What about Toledo? Toledo has def 28. Madrid is connected to Toledo. But Madrid's troops are going to Salamanca. Cordoba is connected to Toledo. Cordoba has 1 archer, 1 knight. Too weak. Teruel is connected to Toledo. Teruel has 2 archers, 1 knight. Too weak.
So I can't attack Toledo yet.

What about Sevilha? Def 58. Cordoba is connected. Cordoba has 2 troops. Too weak.

So this turn, my main attack is Salamanca from Madrid.
And reinforce Vigo from Burgos.

Let's check if I can attack Salamanca with a better force.
Madrid has 8 archers, 6 knights. If I send all, attack 16 + 24 = 40. Def 5. Overkill. But I might lose fewer troops proportionally? Actually, attrition is against the loser's effective force (5). So if I send 40 attack, I lose some troops based on 5. If I send 12 attack, I lose some troops based on 5. The absolute losses might be similar, but sending more troops ensures victory and maybe the losses are a smaller percentage. However, I need troops for other fronts. Let's send 6 archers and 2 knights from Madrid. Attack 12 + 8 = 20. Def 5. Win.
Wait, if I send 6 archers and 2 knights, the most numerous is archer (6 vs 2). No counter. Attack 20.
If I send 4 knights and 4 archers: most numerous tie (4 vs 4). Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So archer is most numerous. No counter. Attack 4*4 + 4*2 = 24.
If I send 6 knights: most numerous knight. Defender is knight. Knight does not counter knight. No bonus. Attack 24.
If I send spearmen, I don't have any in Madrid.
So just send 6 archers and 2 knights. Or 8 archers. Let's send 8 archers. Attack 16. Simple.

Let's check the resources and builds.
I need to build troops for the next turns.
Let's build spearmen in interior villages.
Barcelona: 2 spearman.
Tarragona: 2 archers.
Girona: 2 spearman.
Castellon: 2 spearman.
Zaragoza: 2 archers.
Huesca: 2 spearman.
Valencia: 3 spearman.
Murcia: 2 spearman.
Pamplona: 2 spearman.
Burgos: 2 archers.
Cordoba: 2 archers.
Vigo: 2 spearman.

Wait, I need to check the wood and iron for each.
Barcelona: wood 30, iron 20. 2 spearman = 30 wood. OK.
Tarragona: wood 40, iron 30. 2 archers = 40 wood, 20 iron. OK.
Girona: wood 30, iron 40. 2 spearman = 30 wood. OK.
Castellon: wood 30, iron 20. 2 spearman = 30 wood. OK.
Zaragoza: wood 40, iron 20. 2 archers = 40 wood, 20 iron. OK.
Huesca: wood 30, iron 30. 2 spearman = 30 wood. OK.
Valencia: wood 50, iron 20. 3 spearman = 45 wood. OK.
Murcia: wood 30, iron 40. 2 spearman = 30 wood. OK.
Pamplona: wood 30, iron 30. 2 spearman = 30 wood. OK.
Burgos: wood 40, iron 30. 2 archers = 40 wood, 20 iron. OK.
Cordoba: wood 40, iron 30. 2 archers = 40 wood, 20 iron. OK.
Vigo: wood 35, iron 20. 2 spearman = 30 wood. OK.

This will produce a lot of troops.
Total builds: 17 spearman, 8 archers.
Wait, I need to make sure the villages don't exceed the cap of 300. They are all well below 300.
Also, "Cap per village: when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building". None are close.

Let's review the movements:
1. From [12] Madrid to [7] Salamanca: send 8 archers.
2. From [14] Burgos to [10] Vigo: send 4 archers. (Reinforce Vigo for next turn's attack on Porto).
Wait, Burgos has 6 archers, 2 knights. I can send 4 archers.
Is there any other movement?
What about [11] Cordoba? It borders [8] Toledo and [9] Sevilha. It has 1 archer, 1 knight. I can send them to [15] Murcia or somewhere, but they are too weak to attack. Better to keep them or move them to a safer place. Actually, Cordoba is a border village. If enemy attacks, they will hit it. But the enemy is King A, who is in the south/west. Cordoba is my southern border. It's vulnerable. I should reinforce it.
From [15] Murcia to [11] Cordoba: Murcia has 2 spearman, 5 archer, 4 knight. I can send 2 spearman, 3 archer to Cordoba. Distance: 1 turn.
Let's do that. Reinforce Cordoba.
Also, [13] Teruel borders [8] Toledo. Teruel has 2 archer, 1 knight. Weak. Reinforce from [16] Valencia or [18] Castellon or [17] Zaragoza.
[16] Valencia to [13] Teruel: Valencia has 1 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. Send 1 spearman, 2 archer to Teruel. Distance: 1 turn.
[18] Castellon to [13] Teruel: Castellon has 2 archer, 1 knight. Send 2 archer to Teruel. Distance: 1 turn.
Let's send from Valencia to Teruel: 2 archer, 1 knight.
And from Castellon to Teruel: 2 archer.
Then Teruel will have 2 archer + 1 knight + 2 archer + 2 archer = 6 archer, 1 knight. Better.

What about [12] Madrid? It borders [7] Salamanca and [8] Toledo. I am sending 8 archers to Salamanca. Madrid will have 0 archers, 6 knights left. That's weak. Reinforce from [17] Zaragoza or [14] Burgos or [19] Pamplona.
[14] Burgos to [12] Madrid: Burgos has 6 archers, 2 knights. I already sent 4 archers to Vigo. So 2 archers, 2 knights left. Send 2 archers to Madrid.
[17] Zaragoza to [12] Madrid: Zaragoza has 1 archer, 1 knight. Send 1 archer to Madrid.
[19] Pamplona to [12] Madrid: Pamplona has 6 archers, 1 knight. Send 4 archers to Madrid.
Let's send 4 archers from Pamplona to Madrid.
And 2 archers from Zaragoza to Madrid.
Then Madrid will have 6 knights + 4 archers + 2 archers = 6 knights, 6 archers. Good.

Let's summarize movements:
- [12] Madrid -> [7] Salamanca: 8 archers (attack)
- [14] Burgos -> [10] Vigo: 4 archers (reinforce)
- [15] Murcia -> [11] Cordoba: 2 spearman, 3 archers (reinforce)
- [16] Valencia -> [13] Teruel: 1 spearman, 2 archers, 1 knight (reinforce) -- wait, Valencia has 1 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. If I send all, it's empty. Let's send 1 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight.
- [18] Castellon -> [13] Teruel: 2 archers (reinforce)
- [19] Pamplona -> [12] Madrid: 4 archers (reinforce)
- [17] Zaragoza -> [12] Madrid: 1 archer (reinforce)

Wait, I need to check if the troops I send are available.
Madrid: 8 archers. Yes.
Burgos: 4 archers. Yes (has 6).
Murcia: 2 spearman, 3 archers. Yes (has 2 spearman, 5 archers, 4 knights).
Valencia: 1 spearman, 2 archers, 1 knight. Yes (has 1 spearman, 2 archers, 3 knights).
Castellon: 2 archers. Yes (has 2 archers, 1 knight).
Pamplona: 4 archers. Yes (has 6 archers, 1 knight).
Zaragoza: 1 archer. Yes (has 1 archer, 1 knight).

Let's check the distances and arrival times.
All these movements are between connected villages.
[12] Madrid to [7] Salamanca: 1 turn.
[14] Burgos to [10] Vigo: road [14]-[10]. Distance? "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Burgos. But Burgos to Vigo is direct. Probably 1 turn.
[15] Murcia to [11] Cordoba: road [15]-[11]. Distance: "from here to your nearest border village [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So 1 turn.
[16] Valencia to [13] Teruel: road [16]-[13]. Distance: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So 1 turn.
[18] Castellon to [13] Teruel: road [18]-[13]. Distance: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". Wait, Castellon says "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So it takes 2 slow turns. If I send archers (medium), it takes 1 medium turn? "march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns". This is an example. The actual text says "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So if I send archers (medium speed), it takes 1 turn. If I send spearmen (slow), it takes 2 turns.
So if I send archers from Castellon to Teruel, it takes 1 turn (medium).
[19] Pamplona to [12] Madrid: road [19]-[14]-[12] or [19]-[17]-[12]? Road network: [19] Pamplona connects to [14], [17], [20]. [14] Burgos connects to [10], [12], [19]. So Pamplona to Madrid is via Burgos: [19]->[14]->[12]. That's 2 edges. Distance: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So 2 slow, 2 medium, 1 fast. If I send archers (medium), it takes 2 turns!
Ah! Pamplona to Madrid takes 2 turns for medium troops.
Let's check Zaragoza to Madrid: [17] Zaragoza connects to [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]. So [17] to [12] is direct. Distance: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So 1 turn.
So if I send from Pamplona, it takes 2 turns. They won't arrive next turn.
I need to reinforce Madrid quickly. Burgos to Madrid is direct: [14]->[12]. Distance: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So 1 turn.
So I should send from Burgos to Madrid, not Pamplona.
But I already sent 4 archers from Burgos to Vigo. Burgos has 6 archers, 2 knights. If I send 4 to Vigo, I have 2 archers, 2 knights left. I can send 2 archers to Madrid.
And from Zaragoza to Madrid: 1 archer.
And from Barcelona to Madrid? Barcelona is far.
So Madrid will get 2 archers from Burgos, 1 archer from Zaragoza. Plus the 6 knights it has. Total 3 archers, 6 knights. That's okay.
But wait, I am sending 8 archers from Madrid to Salamanca. So Madrid will have 0 archers initially. Then 3 arrive. So 3 archers, 6 knights.
Can I send from Barcelona to Madrid? Barcelona to Madrid: [22]->[21]->[17]->[12] or something. Too far.
What about from Tarragona to Zaragoza, then to Madrid? Too many turns.
So let's stick with Burgos and Zaragoza to Madrid.

Let's re-evaluate the movements:
- [12] Madrid -> [7] Salamanca: 8 archers (attack)
- [14] Burgos -> [10] Vigo: 4 archers (reinforce)
- [14] Burgos -> [12] Madrid: 2 archers (reinforce)
- [15] Murcia -> [11] Cordoba: 2 spearman, 3 archers (reinforce)
- [16] Valencia -> [13] Teruel: 1 spearman, 2 archers, 1 knight (reinforce)
- [18] Castellon -> [13] Teruel: 2 archers (reinforce)
- [17] Zaragoza -> [12] Madrid: 1 archer (reinforce)

Wait, Burgos is sending to both Vigo and Madrid. Total 6 archers. Burgos has 6 archers. So it sends all its archers. It keeps 2 knights.
Is that okay? Yes.

Let's check if I should attack Porto this turn.
Vigo has 1 archer, 1 knight. Attack 6. Def 8. I lose.
If I send from Burgos to Porto directly: Burgos -> Vigo -> Porto. Takes 2 turns.
If I send from Burgos to Vigo (1 turn), then next turn Vigo attacks Porto. That's better.
So reinforce Vigo this turn, attack next turn.

What about Salamanca? I attack this turn with Madrid's 8 archers. They arrive in 1 turn and fight.
Wait, "march from [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Salamanca. So if I send archers (medium), they arrive in 1 turn. So they fight next turn? No, "Travel time is measured along the roads". If it takes 1 turn, they arrive and fight on the same turn? "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now."
So if I order the attack this turn, the troops march and arrive. The battle happens on this turn? Or next turn?
"Marching takes turns, and during those turns the enemy keeps building and moving. The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival."
This implies that if it takes 1 turn, they arrive next turn. So the battle is next turn.
But the report says "march from [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". This means the travel time is 1 turn for fast, 1 for medium, 1 for slow. So they all take 1 turn.
So if I order the march on turn 25, they arrive on turn 26 and fight.
So the battle is resolved on turn 26.
The enemy will also give orders on turn 25, which happen on turn 26.
So my attack on Salamanca will happen on turn 26.
Is that correct? Yes, "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS... Nothing you order this turn is visible to them before it happens."
So my orders for turn 25 will be executed, and the results will be in the turn 26 report.

So this turn (turn 25), I give orders to march. They will arrive and fight next turn (turn 26).
So the attack on Salamanca happens on turn 26.
The reinforcement of Vigo arrives on turn 26. Then on turn 26, I can order Vigo to attack Porto, which happens on turn 27.
This is fine.

Let's check if I can do anything else.
What about the unexplored villages? I can't reach them yet.
What about building? I should build troops.
Let's list the builds again, making sure they are affordable.
Barcelona: wood 30, iron 20. Build 2 spearman (30 wood). OK.
Tarragona: wood 40, iron 30. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). OK.
Girona: wood 30, iron 40. Build 2 spearman (30 wood). OK.
Castellon: wood 30, iron 20. Build 2 spearman (30 wood). OK.
Zaragoza: wood 40, iron 20. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). OK.
Huesca: wood 30, iron 30. Build 2 spearman (30 wood). OK.
Valencia: wood 50, iron 20. Build 3 spearman (45 wood). OK.
Murcia: wood 30, iron 40. Build 2 spearman (30 wood). OK.
Pamplona: wood 30, iron 30. Build 2 spearman (30 wood). OK.
Burgos: wood 40, iron 30. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). OK.
Cordoba: wood 40, iron 30. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). OK.
Vigo: wood 35, iron 20. Build 2 spearman (30 wood). OK.

Total builds: 17 spearman, 8 archers.
This is a good mix. I need spearmen for counter.

Let's double check the troop counts for movements.
Madrid to Salamanca: 8 archers.
Madrid has 8 archers, 6 knights. Sending 8 archers. OK.
Burgos to Vigo: 4 archers.
Burgos has 6 archers, 2 knights. Sending 4 archers. OK.
Burgos to Madrid: 2 archers.
Burgos has 2 archers left. Sending 2 archers. OK.
Murcia to Cordoba: 2 spearman, 3 archers.
Murcia has 2 spearman, 5 archers, 4 knights. Sending 2 spearman, 3 archers. OK.
Valencia to Teruel: 1 spearman, 2 archers, 1 knight.
Valencia has 1 spearman, 2 archers, 3 knights. Sending 1 spearman, 2 archers, 1 knight. OK.
Castellon to Teruel: 2 archers.
Castellon has 2 archers, 1 knight. Sending 2 archers. OK.
Zaragoza to Madrid: 1 archer.
Zaragoza has 1 archer, 1 knight. Sending 1 archer. OK.

Wait, Castellon to Teruel takes 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. If I send archers (medium), it takes 1 turn. So they arrive on turn 26.
Valencia to Teruel takes 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. If I send mixed (spearman is slow), the speed is slowest, so 1 slow turn. So 1 turn. Arrive on turn 26.
Murcia to Cordoba takes 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Mixed with spearman -> 1 slow turn. Arrive on turn 26.
Burgos to Vigo: road [14]-[10]. Distance? Not explicitly stated, but "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". Burgos to Vigo is also a border village. Probably 1 turn.
Burgos to Madrid: 1 turn.
Zaragoza to Madrid: 1 turn.
Madrid to Salamanca: 1 turn.

Everything arrives on turn 26.

Let's review the plan and statement.
Plan: I need to write a note to my next turn.
"Next turn, assess the success of the attacks on Murcia, Valencia, and Porto. If we win, we will have 15 villages. Focus next on reinforcing the new border villages and preparing an attack on Toledo or Salamanca from the Madrid/Cordoba front. Keep building troops in the interior to replenish losses."
This was my note from last turn. The map has changed. I have 14 villages now (I conquered Murcia and Valencia, but lost Madrid? No, "You attacked [12] Madrid: VICTORY, conquered". So I have Madrid. I have 14 villages.
The note says "assess the success of the attacks on Murcia, Valencia, and Porto". I attacked Murcia (won), Valencia (won), but Porto? "your army marching [10] Vigo -> [6] Porto was DESTROYED". So I lost that attack.
So I need to adjust the plan.
New plan: Attack Salamanca from Madrid. Reinforce Vigo to attack Porto next turn. Reinforce border villages (Cordoba, Teruel, Madrid). Build troops in interior.

Let's write the plan:
"Attack Salamanca with Madrid's archers. Reinforce Vigo from Burgos to prepare for Porto attack next turn. Reinforce Cordoba, Teruel, and Madrid. Keep building spearmen and archers in interior villages to counter enemy knights."

Statement: "I have consolidated my hold on Madrid, Murcia, and Valencia. Now I turn my sights on Salamanca and Porto to push deeper into enemy territory. My armies are marching to reinforce the borders and take the first steps toward total victory."

Let's check the JSON format.
{
  "build": [ {"villageId": <id>, "type": <"spearman" | "archer" | "knight">, "quantity": <n>} ],
  "movements": [ {"fromId": <id>, "toId": <id>, "troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}} ],
  "plan": "<text>",
  "statement": "<text>"
}

Let's format the builds:
[ {"villageId": 22, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 21, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 23, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 18, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 17, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 20, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 16, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 3},
  {"villageId": 15, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 19, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 14, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 11, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 10, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
]

Wait, I should check if I can build knights. I have iron, but knights are expensive. I'll stick to spearmen and archers for now.

Movements:
[ {"fromId": 12, "toId": 7, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 8, "knight": 0}},
  {"fromId": 14, "toId": 10, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 4, "knight": 0}},
  {"fromId": 14, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 0}},
  {"fromId": 15, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 3, "knight": 0}},
  {"fromId": 16, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 2, "knight": 1}},
  {"fromId": 18, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 0}},
  {"fromId": 17, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}}
]

Let's double check the village IDs.
22 Barcelona
21 Tarragona
23 Girona
18 Castellon
17 Zaragoza
20 Huesca
16 Valencia
15 Murcia
19 Pamplona
14 Burgos
11 Cordoba
10 Vigo
12 Madrid
13 Teruel

Enemy:
7 Salamanca
8 Toledo
6 Porto
9 Sevilha

Roads:
[12] Madrid to [7] Salamanca: yes.
[14] Burgos to [10] Vigo: yes.
[14] Burgos to [12] Madrid: yes.
[15] Murcia to [11] Cordoba: yes.
[16] Valencia to [13] Teruel: yes.
[18] Castellon to [13] Teruel: yes.
[17] Zaragoza to [12] Madrid: yes.

All connections exist.

Let's check the troop availability again.
Madrid: 8 archers. Sending 8 archers to 7. OK.
Burgos: 6 archers. Sending 4 to 10, 2 to 12. Total 6. OK.
Murcia: 2 spearman, 5 archers. Sending 2 spearman, 3 archers to 11. OK.
Valencia: 1 spearman, 2 archers, 3 knights. Sending 1 spearman, 2 archers, 1 knight to 13. OK.
Castellon: 2 archers. Sending 2 archers to 13. OK.
Zaragoza: 1 archer. Sending 1 archer to 12. OK.

Looks solid.

Let's refine the plan and statement text.
Plan: "Attack Salamanca from Madrid with 8 archers. Reinforce Vigo from Burgos to prepare for Porto attack next turn. Reinforce Cordoba, Teruel, and Madrid to secure borders. Keep building spearmen and archers in interior villages to counter enemy knights and replenish losses."
Statement: "My forces are on the move! I am attacking Salamanca to expand my territory, while reinforcing Vigo, Cordoba, Teruel, and Madrid to secure my borders. I am also building up my interior villages to ensure a steady stream of troops. On to victory!"

Wait, the prompt says: "Besides your orders, write two short texts. Write them in ENGLISH, every turn, even if your note from last turn is in another language: 'plan': your NOTE TO YOUR NEXT TURN, 2 to 4 lines... 'statement': 2 to 4 lines telling the audience what you did THIS turn."
So I should write them clearly.

Let's check the length of the plan. "Attack Salamanca from Madrid with 8 archers. Reinforce Vigo from Burgos to prepare for Porto attack next turn. Reinforce Cordoba, Teruel, and Madrid to secure borders. Keep building spearmen and archers in interior villages to counter enemy knights and replenish losses." This is 4 lines, well under 600 characters.

Statement: "I have consolidated my hold on Madrid, Murcia, and Valencia. Now I turn my sights on Salamanca and Porto to push deeper into enemy territory. My armies are marching to reinforce the borders and take the first steps toward total victory." 3 lines.

Let's do a final check on the rules.
"Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."
I checked wood and iron for all builds.
"Use only ids that appear in the report above."
All IDs used are in the report.
"Do not send troops a village does not have."
Checked.
"Empty lists are valid orders."
I have non-empty lists.

One thing: the enemy capital is [0] Lisboa. I don't need to take it. But I need 18 villages. I have 14. Taking Salamanca (7) and Porto (6) will make 16. Then I need 2 more. Toledo (8) and Sevilha (9) are the next targets. Or Badajoz (4) and Coimbra (3). Or Faro (5).
My plan is good.

Let's output the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":12,"destinoId":7,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":8,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":14,"destinoId":10,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":4,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":14,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":15,"destinoId":11,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":16,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":18,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":17,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":0}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [21]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [17]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [20]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [20]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [15]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [15]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [14]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [14]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [11]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [11]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [10]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [10]
ACEITO envio [12]->[7]: 8A
ACEITO envio [14]->[10]: 4A
ACEITO envio [14]->[12]: 2A
ACEITO envio [15]->[11]: 2S+3A
ACEITO envio [16]->[13]: 1S+2A+1K
ACEITO envio [18]->[13]: 2A
ACEITO envio [17]->[12]: 1A
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Attack Salamanca from Madrid with 8 archers to secure a border village. Reinforce Vigo from Burgos to prepare for an attack on Porto next turn. Reinforce Cordoba, Teruel, and Madrid to secure my borders against enemy counterattacks. Continue building spearmen and archers in interior villages to counter enemy knights and replenish losses.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): My forces are on the move! I am attacking Salamanca to expand my territory, while reinforcing Vigo, Cordoba, Teruel, and Madrid to secure my borders. I am also building up my interior villages to ensure a steady stream of troops. On to victory!
COMBATE-ESTRADA no trecho [6] Porto-[10] Vigo: A (ia [6] Porto->[10] Vigo) vs B (ia [10] Vigo->[6] Porto) Fatk=8 (ef 12) Fdef=6 (ef 6) vant=1 -> vence A | exercito de B ANIQUILADO (1A+1K) | vencedor perdeu 1
REFORCO [9] Sevilha dono A: 4S+3A+5K
COMBATE [10] Vigo: atacante A Fatk=4 (ef 6) Fdef=6 (ef 8) vant=1 -> vence defensor | baixas~2
COMBATE [12] Madrid: atacante A Fatk=28 (ef 28) Fdef=8 (ef 10) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~5
REFORCO [16] Valencia dono A: 1K
REFORCO [8] Toledo dono A: 1K
REFORCO [6] Porto dono A: 1A+1K
REFORCO [5] Faro dono A: 2A+7K
REFORCO [4] Badajoz dono A: 2K
REFORCO [1] Santarem dono A: 1A+1K
COMBATE [15] Murcia: atacante B Fatk=28 (ef 28) Fdef=2 (ef 4) vant=-1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~2
COMBATE [16] Valencia: atacante B Fatk=14 (ef 14) Fdef=12 (ef 23) vant=-1 -> vence defensor | baixas~4
COMBATE [16] Valencia: atacante B Fatk=23 (ef 23) Fdef=8 (ef 10) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~5
COMBATE [12] Madrid: atacante B Fatk=48 (ef 48) Fdef=16 (ef 20) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~10
placar: A 10 ald/tropas 60 | B 14 ald/tropas 97 | neutras 0 | transito 7 (A 0 | B 7)

########## TURNO 26 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4602 | resposta 14452 | raciocinio 10477 | finish stop | ms 134939
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 8, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 8, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 9, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 9, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 5, \"toId\": 9, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 9}},\n    {\"fromId\": 3, \"toId\": 6, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 4, \"toId\": 8, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 8, \"toId\": 11, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 4}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Consolidate the southern front by gathering Faro's elite knights into Sevilha, creating an overwhelming force. Simultaneously, launch a targeted strike from Toledo to capture Cordoba, using a balanced force to minimize losses while securing a foothold. Reinforce Porto from Coimbra to hold the northern line, and shift a knight from Badajoz to Toledo to secure the rear. Next turn, unleash the combined Sevilha-Faro army to push through Cordoba towards Madrid, while the newly built knights and archers fuel the next phase of the campaign.\",\n  \"statement\": \"This turn, I focused on consolidating my southern strength, marching Faro's elite knights to Sevilha to prepare a decisive blow against Cordoba. I ordered a coordinated assault from Toledo, sending a balanced force to capture the enemy village while keeping a strong defense in Toledo. In the north, I reinforced Porto with a knight from Coimbra to maintain a solid defensive line. My villages are busy producing knights and archers to fuel the upcoming campaigns.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A in a turn-based strategy game.
I need to:
1. Analyze the current state (Turn 26).
2. Formulate a plan ("plan") and a statement ("statement").
3. Decide on builds ("build") and movements ("movements").
4. Output ONLY a valid JSON object.

Let's look at the current state:
- I hold 9 of 24 villages (need 18 for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate all enemy villages).
- Enemy is King B.
- My capital is Lisboa [0], enemy capital is Barcelona [22] (unexplored).
- My villages:
  - [0] Lisboa (capital): 2 troops (2 archer). Wood 60, Iron 40.
  - [1] Santarem: 3 troops (1 archer, 2 knight). Wood 60, Iron 60.
  - [2] Evora: 1 troop (1 knight). Wood 60, Iron 40.
  - [3] Coimbra: 1 troop (1 knight). Wood 60, Iron 130. Border with [7] Salamanca.
  - [4] Badajoz: 3 troops (3 knight). Wood 60, Iron 60. Border with [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha.
  - [5] Faro: 11 troops (2 archer, 9 knight). Wood 60, Iron 60. Nearest front [4] Badajoz.
  - [6] Porto: 3 troops (1 archer, 2 knight). Wood 65, Iron 130. Border with [7] Salamanca, [10] Vigo.
  - [8] Toledo: 11 troops (5 archer, 6 knight). Wood 70, Iron 50. Border with [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel.
  - [9] Sevilha: 23 troops (7 spearman, 10 archer, 6 knight). Wood 70, Iron 50. Border with [11] Cordoba.

Wait, what are the enemy villages I can see?
- [7] Salamanca: ENEMY, garrison 6 archers, defense 15. (But last turn, King B attacked [7] Salamanca? Wait, the text says: "King B attacked YOUR [7] Salamanca with 8 archers... the village FELL. Your garrison (2 knights) was destroyed." But under "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE", it says "[7] Salamanca | ENEMY (King B) | garrison: 6 archers | effective defense (location bonus included): 15". Ah! Salamanca was MY village, but it fell last turn, so now it is ENEMY (King B). That makes sense. So I lost [7] Salamanca.
Let's check the map:
- [7] Salamanca is now ENEMY.
- [10] Vigo is ENEMY.
- [11] Cordoba is ENEMY.
- [12] Madrid is ENEMY.
- [13] Teruel is ENEMY.
- [14] Burgos is ENEMY.
- [17] Zaragoza is ENEMY.
- [18] Castellon is ENEMY.
- [22] Barcelona is ENEMY (capital).
- [16] Valencia is YOURS (last seen).
- [15] Murcia is YOURS (last seen).

Wait, the prompt says "You currently hold 9 of 24". Let's count MY villages:
[0] Lisboa, [1] Santarem, [2] Evora, [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz, [5] Faro, [6] Porto, [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha. That's 9.
And [15] Murcia, [16] Valencia are listed as "YOURS" under "KNOWN FROM BEFORE", but they are not listed under "YOUR VILLAGES (9)". Why? Because they are out of sight (fog of war), but they were mine. If they are mine, I should have 11. But the prompt says "You currently hold 9 of 24". Let's assume the 9 listed are the only ones I currently "hold" in terms of active control or maybe the count is exactly 9 because some were lost? Or maybe the 9 listed are the only ones. Let's stick to the list of 9.

Let's look at the troop counts and resources:
Total troops at home: 58 (7 spearman, 21 archer, 30 knight).
Wait, the prompt says "TOTAL: 58 soldiers at home (7 spearman, 21 archer, 30 knight)".
Let's sum the troops in my villages:
- [0] Lisboa: 2 archer
- [1] Santarem: 1 archer, 2 knight
- [2] Evora: 1 knight
- [3] Coimbra: 1 knight
- [4] Badajoz: 3 knight
- [5] Faro: 2 archer, 9 knight
- [6] Porto: 1 archer, 2 knight
- [8] Toledo: 5 archer, 6 knight
- [9] Sevilha: 7 spearman, 10 archer, 6 knight
Total spearman: 7 (all in Sevilha).
Total archer: 2 + 1 + 1 + 2 + 5 + 10 = 21.
Total knight: 2 + 1 + 1 + 3 + 9 + 2 + 6 + 6 = 30.
Total: 7 + 21 + 30 = 58. Correct.

Let's look at the resources and what I can build:
Build costs:
- spearman: 15 wood + 0 iron.
- archer: 20 wood + 10 iron.
- knight: 30 wood + 30 iron.
Production per village: 30 wood, 20 iron per turn.
Let's look at the current wood/iron for each village:
- [0] Lisboa: wood 60, iron 40. Can build:
  - spearman: needs 15 wood. Yes (60 wood).
  - archer: needs 20 wood, 10 iron. Yes (60 wood, 40 iron).
  - knight: needs 30 wood, 30 iron. Yes (60 wood, 40 iron).
- [1] Santarem: wood 60, iron 60. Can build anything.
- [2] Evora: wood 60, iron 40. Can build anything.
- [3] Coimbra: wood 60, iron 130. Can build anything.
- [4] Badajoz: wood 60, iron 60. Can build anything.
- [5] Faro: wood 60, iron 60. Can build anything.
- [6] Porto: wood 65, iron 130. Can build anything.
- [8] Toledo: wood 70, iron 50. Can build anything (knight needs 30 iron, has 50).
- [9] Sevilha: wood 70, iron 50. Can build anything.

Wait, the cap per village is 300 troops. Currently none are near 300.
I need to hold at least 18 of the 24 villages. I have 9 (or 11 if counting Valencia/Murcia, but let's assume 9 active ones).
To win, I need to conquer more villages.
Let's look at the enemy villages and their defenses:
- [7] Salamanca: defense 15, garrison 6 archers.
- [10] Vigo: defense 20, garrison 2 spearmen, 5 archers, 1 knight.
- [11] Cordoba: defense 23, garrison 2 spearmen, 6 archers, 1 knight.
- [12] Madrid: defense 23, garrison 3 archers, 6 knights.
- [13] Teruel: defense 23, garrison 1 spearman, 6 archers, 2 knights.
- [14] Burgos: last seen 1 archer, 1 knight.
- [17] Zaragoza: last seen 1 knight.
- [18] Castellon: last seen 3 archers, 2 knights.
- [22] Barcelona: capital, unknown.

Let's look at the fronts:
- Northern front: Porto [6], Coimbra [3] (and lost Salamanca [7]). Enemy has Vigo [10], Salamanca [7], Burgos [14].
- Southern/Central front: Badajoz [4], Toledo [8], Sevilha [9]. Enemy has Cordoba [11], Madrid [12], Teruel [13], Zaragoza [17], Castellon [18], etc.
I have strong forces in Sevilha [9] (23 troops, 7 spearman, 10 archer, 6 knight) and Faro [5] (11 troops, 9 knight).
Toledo [8] has 11 troops (5 archer, 6 knight).
Badajoz [4] has 3 knight.
I need to coordinate attacks. Since orders are simultaneous, I should send troops to attack enemy villages or reinforce my border villages.
Wait, let's look at the march distances:
- From Porto [6] to Vigo [10]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.
- From Porto [6] to Salamanca [7]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.
- From Toledo [8] to Cordoba [11]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.
- From Toledo [8] to Madrid [12]: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- From Toledo [8] to Teruel [13]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.
- From Sevilha [9] to Cordoba [11]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.
- From Badajoz [4] to Salamanca [7]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn? Let's check road network:
  - [4] Badajoz connects to [1], [5], [7], [8], [9].
  - [7] Salamanca connects to [3], [4], [6], [12].
  So Badajoz to Salamanca is 1 step. March time: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.

Let's plan the campaign:
I want to push on the southern front (Toledo/Sevilha) towards Cordoba [11], Madrid [12], and Teruel [13], or maybe consolidate my forces.
Wait, I have a lot of knights in Faro [5] (9 knight) and Sevilha [9] (6 knight, 7 spearman, 10 archer).
If I send troops from Faro [5] to Badajoz [4] or Sevilha [9], they can reinforce the front.
Let's look at the road network for Faro [5]:
- [5] Faro connects to [2], [4], [9].
So from Faro to Badajoz [4] is 1 step, to Sevilha [9] is 1 step.
March time: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.
I can send the 9 knights from Faro [5] to Sevilha [9] to make a huge army there.
Sevilha [9] already has 23 troops. Adding 9 knights makes it 32 troops.
Or I can send them to Badajoz [4] to attack Salamanca [7] or Toledo [8].
Wait, if I send them to Sevilha, Sevilha can attack Cordoba [11].
Let's look at the enemy in Cordoba [11]: 2 spearmen, 6 archers, 1 knight. Defense 23.
If I attack with Sevilha's current 23 troops (7 spearman, 10 archer, 6 knight) + 9 knight from Faro = 32 troops (7 spearman, 10 archer, 15 knight).
Let's calculate the combat power:
Most numerous type: knight (15 vs 1 spearman, 10 archer). So knight is the most numerous.
Enemy in Cordoba: 2 spearman, 6 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous: archer (6 vs 2 spearman, 1 knight).
Wait, the counter triangle:
My most numerous: knight.
Enemy most numerous: archer.
Knight counters archer! So I get a 1.5x bonus to my whole army's force.
Let's calculate my attack force:
Troops: 7 spearman (attack 1), 10 archer (attack 2), 15 knight (attack 4).
Total attack = 7*1 + 10*2 + 15*4 = 7 + 20 + 60 = 87.
With 1.5x bonus: 87 * 1.5 = 130.5.
Enemy defense in Cordoba: effective defense 23 (already includes location bonus).
Wait, the combat rules say:
"When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs."
"The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER."
"The LOSER is destroyed entirely... The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types..."
So if my attack is 130.5 and enemy defense is 23, I win easily. But I will lose troops worth half of the loser's effective force.
What is the loser's effective force?
The defender's effective force is their defense, which is 23.
So I lose troops worth half of 23 = 11.5, spread over my troop types.
Wait, how is the loss spread? "spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself."
Actually, the exact formula for losses is usually proportional to the troop counts, but the prompt says "loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types". I don't need to calculate the exact losses unless it's critical, but knowing I will win is good.

Let's look at other options.
I can also send troops from Toledo [8] (5 archer, 6 knight) to Cordoba [11] or Madrid [12] or Teruel [13].
But Toledo is already close (1 turn).
If I send Toledo's troops to Cordoba [11], they arrive in 1 turn and fight.
Wait, if I send troops from Toledo [8] to Cordoba [11], they fight alone unless I also send from Sevilha [9] to Cordoba [11].
"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So if I send from Toledo and Sevilha to Cordoba, they fight sequentially, not together. That's less efficient.
It's better to gather troops in one village first, then attack.
For example, send Faro's knights to Sevilha, then next turn attack Cordoba with the combined force.
But I can also send troops directly to attack if I have enough in one village.
Sevilha has 23 troops. Is it enough to take Cordoba [11] (defense 23, garrison 2 spearmen, 6 archers, 1 knight)?
Let's calculate Sevilha's attack without Faro's knights:
Troops: 7 spearman (1), 10 archer (2), 6 knight (4).
Total attack = 7*1 + 10*2 + 6*4 = 7 + 20 + 24 = 51.
Most numerous: archer (10 vs 7 spearman, 6 knight).
Enemy most numerous: archer (6 vs 2 spearman, 1 knight).
Archer vs Archer: no counter bonus (ties break in spearman, archer, knight, but here both are archer, so no counter).
So my attack is 51. Enemy defense is 23.
51 > 23, so I win.
But I will lose troops. Since the loser's effective force is 23, I lose troops worth 11.5.
If I add Faro's 9 knights:
Total troops: 7 spearman, 10 archer, 15 knight.
Most numerous: knight (15).
Enemy most numerous: archer (6).
Knight counters archer -> 1.5x bonus.
Total attack = 7*1 + 10*2 + 15*4 = 87.
With bonus: 87 * 1.5 = 130.5.
This is a much stronger attack, and since the loser's effective force is still 23, I lose the same amount of troops (worth 11.5) but I have a much larger army, so I lose a smaller share of myself. This is better!

So, sending Faro's knights to Sevilha is a good move.
Let's check the march from Faro [5] to Sevilha [9]:
Road: [5] Faro connects to [9] Sevilha directly.
March time: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.
Since they are all knights (fast), they will march in 1 fast turn.
Wait, the report says: "from here to your nearest border village [4] Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".
For Faro to Sevilha, it's also 1 step, so 1 fast turn.
So they will arrive next turn.

What about building troops?
I have resources in all villages. I should build troops to replenish and grow my army.
Let's look at what I can build:
- Sevilha [9]: wood 70, iron 50. Can build knights (30 wood, 30 iron) or archers (20 wood, 10 iron) or spearmen (15 wood).
  I have 7 spearman, 10 archer, 6 knight.
  To balance, maybe build more archers or knights?
  Actually, knights are the strongest (attack 4, defense 2, speed fast). But they cost 30 iron.
  Let's build knights in Sevilha if possible. Wood 70, iron 50 -> can build 1 knight (costs 30 wood, 30 iron).
  Can build 2 archers (costs 40 wood, 20 iron).
  Let's build 1 knight and 1 archer? Or just 2 knights if I have enough iron? 2 knights cost 60 wood, 60 iron. I only have 50 iron, so only 1 knight.
  Let's build 1 knight in Sevilha.
- Faro [5]: wood 60, iron 60. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) or 1 knight + 1 archer, etc.
  Since I am sending the 9 knights from Faro, Faro will be empty of troops, but it still produces resources. I can build new troops there to replace them.
  Let's build 2 knights in Faro (costs 60 wood, 60 iron).
- Toledo [8]: wood 70, iron 50. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
  Let's build 1 knight and 1 archer in Toledo.
- Porto [6]: wood 65, iron 130. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) or 3 archers, etc.
  Let's build 2 knights in Porto.
- Lisboa [0] (capital): wood 60, iron 40. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
  Let's build 1 knight and 1 archer in Lisboa.
- Santarem [1]: wood 60, iron 60. Can build 2 knights.
  Let's build 2 knights in Santarem.
- Evora [2]: wood 60, iron 40. Can build 1 knight and 1 archer.
  Let's build 1 knight and 1 archer in Evora.
- Coimbra [3]: wood 60, iron 130. Can build 2 knights.
  Let's build 2 knights in Coimbra.
- Badajoz [4]: wood 60, iron 60. Can build 2 knights.
  Let's build 2 knights in Badajoz.

Wait, is there any limit on how many I can build?
"Cap per village: when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building". None are near 300.
"Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."
So I can build multiple types in one village as long as resources allow.
Let's list the builds I want to do:
- [0] Lisboa: 1 knight, 1 archer. (Cost: 30+20=50 wood, 30+10=40 iron. Has 60 wood, 40 iron. Perfect.)
- [1] Santarem: 2 knights. (Cost: 60 wood, 60 iron. Has 60 wood, 60 iron. Perfect.)
- [2] Evora: 1 knight, 1 archer. (Cost: 50 wood, 40 iron. Has 60 wood, 40 iron. Perfect.)
- [3] Coimbra: 2 knights. (Cost: 60 wood, 60 iron. Has 60 wood, 130 iron. Perfect.)
- [4] Badajoz: 2 knights. (Cost: 60 wood, 60 iron. Has 60 wood, 60 iron. Perfect.)
- [5] Faro: 2 knights. (Cost: 60 wood, 60 iron. Has 60 wood, 60 iron. Perfect.)
- [6] Porto: 2 knights. (Cost: 60 wood, 60 iron. Has 65 wood, 130 iron. Perfect.)
- [8] Toledo: 1 knight, 1 archer. (Cost: 50 wood, 40 iron. Has 70 wood, 50 iron. Perfect.)
- [9] Sevilha: 1 knight, 1 archer. (Cost: 50 wood, 40 iron. Has 70 wood, 50 iron. Perfect.)

Let's double check the resource costs and current amounts:
- [0] Lisboa: wood 60, iron 40. Build 1 knight (30w, 30i), 1 archer (20w, 10i). Total: 50w, 40i. Remaining: 10w, 0i. OK.
- [1] Santarem: wood 60, iron 60. Build 2 knights (60w, 60i). Total: 60w, 60i. Remaining: 0w, 0i. OK.
- [2] Evora: wood 60, iron 40. Build 1 knight (30w, 30i), 1 archer (20w, 10i). Total: 50w, 40i. Remaining: 10w, 0i. OK.
- [3] Coimbra: wood 60, iron 130. Build 2 knights (60w, 60i). Total: 60w, 60i. Remaining: 0w, 70i. OK.
- [4] Badajoz: wood 60, iron 60. Build 2 knights (60w, 60i). Total: 60w, 60i. Remaining: 0w, 0i. OK.
- [5] Faro: wood 60, iron 60. Build 2 knights (60w, 60i). Total: 60w, 60i. Remaining: 0w, 0i. OK.
- [6] Porto: wood 65, iron 130. Build 2 knights (60w, 60i). Total: 60w, 60i. Remaining: 5w, 70i. OK.
- [8] Toledo: wood 70, iron 50. Build 1 knight (30w, 30i), 1 archer (20w, 10i). Total: 50w, 40i. Remaining: 20w, 10i. OK.
- [9] Sevilha: wood 70, iron 50. Build 1 knight (30w, 30i), 1 archer (20w, 10i). Total: 50w, 40i. Remaining: 20w, 10i. OK.

This is a very solid build order. It produces a lot of knights and archers.
Total knights built: 1+2+1+2+2+2+2+1+1 = 14 knights.
Total archers built: 1+1+1+1 = 4 archers.
Total spearman built: 0.
This is good because knights are my most powerful unit and I have a lot of iron.

Now, movements:
I want to send troops from Faro [5] to Sevilha [9].
Troops in Faro [5]: 2 archer, 9 knight.
Wait, the prompt says: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 2 archer, 9 knight (attack power if all sent: 40)".
So I can send all 9 knights and 2 archers from Faro to Sevilha.
Let's send: {"fromId": 5, "toId": 9, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 9}}.
Wait, if I send all troops from Faro, Faro will have 0 troops at home. Is that okay?
Faro is an INTERIOR village (no enemy border). "An interior village can only be attacked after the enemy has taken one of your villages next to it, which can happen earlier in the same turn."
The nearest front village to Faro is Badajoz [4]. As long as I hold Badajoz, Faro is safe.
But if I send all troops from Faro, it has 0 defense. However, since it's interior, the enemy cannot reach it without taking Badajoz first. And even if they take Badajoz, they would have to march from Badajoz to Faro, which takes time.
But to be safe, maybe I should leave some troops in Faro?
Currently Faro has 11 troops. If I send 9 knights and 2 archers, I send all of them.
Wait, the build order for Faro is 2 knights. They will be built this turn and available next turn.
So sending all current troops is fine. They will arrive in Sevilha next turn, and Faro will start building 2 knights immediately.
Let's check if I should send from other villages to reinforce the front.
- Coimbra [3] has 1 knight. Border with Salamanca [7] (enemy).
  Should I send the 1 knight from Coimbra to somewhere?
  Coimbra is a border village. If I leave it with 0 troops, it might fall if attacked. But it has defense 3.
  Salamanca has 6 archers, defense 15. If I send the knight to Porto [6] or Santarem [1], it reinforces the interior.
  Actually, Coimbra is close to Porto [6] and Santarem [1].
  Let's send Coimbra's 1 knight to Porto [6] to help defend Porto or prepare for an attack on Vigo [10] or Salamanca [7].
  Wait, Porto has 3 troops (1 archer, 2 knight). Adding 1 knight makes it 4 troops.
  Let's send Coimbra's knight to Porto: {"fromId": 3, "toId": 6, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}}.
- Badajoz [4] has 3 knights. Border with Salamanca [7], Toledo [8], Sevilha [9].
  Should I send them? Badajoz is a key border village. I should keep some there.
  Maybe send 1 knight from Badajoz to Toledo [8] or Sevilha [9]?
  Or keep them in Badajoz to defend.
  Let's keep them in Badajoz for now, or send 1 to Toledo.
  Actually, Toledo has 11 troops, Sevilha has 23. They are strong.
  Badajoz has 3 knights. It's a good garrison.
  Let's send 1 knight from Badajoz to Sevilha? No, Sevilha is already getting Faro's troops.
  Let's send 1 knight from Badajoz to Toledo [8] to help attack Madrid [12] or Cordoba [11].
  Toledo is 1 step from Badajoz.
  Let's send 1 knight from Badajoz to Toledo: {"fromId": 4, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}}.
- Porto [6] has 1 archer, 2 knight. Border with Salamanca [7], Vigo [10].
  I can send them to attack Salamanca [7] or Vigo [10], or keep them in Porto.
  Salamanca has 6 archers, defense 15.
  Porto has 1 archer, 2 knight. Attack power: 1*2 + 2*4 = 10. Not enough to take defense 15.
  So I should keep them in Porto to defend, or send them to Coimbra [3] (which I just emptied) or Santarem [1].
  Let's keep them in Porto to defend.
- Toledo [8] has 5 archer, 6 knight. Border with Cordoba [11], Madrid [12], Teruel [13].
  I can send some to attack Cordoba [11] or keep them.
  Cordoba has 2 spearmen, 6 archers, 1 knight. Defense 23.
  Toledo has 5 archer, 6 knight. Attack power: 5*2 + 6*4 = 10 + 24 = 34.
  Most numerous: knight (6 vs 5 archer). Enemy most numerous: archer (6).
  Knight counters archer -> 1.5x bonus.
  Total attack = 34 * 1.5 = 51.
  Enemy defense = 23.
  51 > 23, so Toledo can take Cordoba!
  But Toledo is a village I own. If I attack Cordoba from Toledo, the troops march to Cordoba.
  Wait, if I attack Cordoba from Toledo, the troops leave Toledo and march to Cordoba.
  March time: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.
  So they arrive next turn and fight.
  If they win, they conquer Cordoba.
  Let's send all Toledo troops to attack Cordoba [11]:
  {"fromId": 8, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 5, "knight": 6}}.
  Wait, if I send all troops from Toledo, Toledo will have 0 troops.
  But Toledo is a border village. If I empty it, the enemy could attack it?
  The enemy in Cordoba [11] is being attacked by me. Can the enemy counter-attack Toledo at the same time?
  "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now."
  If the enemy orders an attack from Cordoba to Toledo, and I order an attack from Toledo to Cordoba, they would meet on the road.
  "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there: head-on, or when one catches up with the other on the same stretch of road. It is an open-field battle: BOTH armies count their ATTACK, and neither gets a location bonus; a tie is decided by chance."
  If they meet on the road, it's an open field battle.
  My troops: 5 archer, 6 knight. Attack = 34. With knight counter (if enemy has archers as most numerous), 51.
  Enemy troops in Cordoba: 2 spearmen, 6 archers, 1 knight. Attack = 2*1 + 6*2 + 1*4 = 2 + 12 + 4 = 18.
  Most numerous: archer (6). My most numerous: knight (6). Knight counters archer -> 1.5x bonus.
  My attack = 34 * 1.5 = 51.
  Enemy attack = 18. No counter bonus (my most numerous is knight, theirs is archer, knight counters archer, but the rule says "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup". My most numerous is knight, theirs is archer. Knight counters archer, so I get the bonus. Does the enemy get a bonus? Their most numerous is archer, mine is knight. Archer does not counter knight. So no bonus for them).
  So my effective force is 51, enemy is 18. I win easily.
  But if I leave Toledo empty, and the enemy doesn't attack, Toledo is empty. But I just built troops there (1 knight, 1 archer). They will be there next turn.
  Actually, it's better to keep some troops in Toledo to defend it, or send reinforcements from somewhere else.
  But I have Badajoz [4] which is close to Toledo [8] (1 step).
  I can send 1 knight from Badajoz to Toledo as a reinforcement, and send Toledo's troops to Cordoba.
  Wait, if I send Toledo's troops to Cordoba, they march. If I send Badajoz's knight to Toledo, it arrives in Toledo next turn and reinforces it.
  Let's do that:
  - Send Toledo's troops to Cordoba: {"fromId": 8, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 5, "knight": 6}}.
  - Send Badajoz's knight to Toledo: {"fromId": 4, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}}.
  Wait, Badajoz has 3 knights. If I send 1 to Toledo, it has 2 left. That's fine.

Let's look at Sevilha [9] and Cordoba [11].
Sevilha has 23 troops (7 spearman, 10 archer, 6 knight).
If I send Faro's troops (2 archer, 9 knight) to Sevilha, they arrive next turn.
Should I also send Sevilha's troops to attack Cordoba this turn?
If I send Sevilha's troops to Cordoba, they march and fight next turn.
But if I also send Faro's troops to Sevilha, they arrive at Sevilha next turn. They cannot join the attack on Cordoba this turn because the attack from Sevilha to Cordoba is already marching.
Wait, if I send Sevilha's troops to Cordoba this turn, they leave Sevilha. Then Faro's troops arrive at Sevilha next turn. That's fine, Sevilha is reinforced.
But if I want to attack Cordoba with the combined force, I should wait a turn: this turn, send Faro to Sevilha; next turn, send Sevilha (now reinforced) to Cordoba.
That is a better strategy because the combined force is much stronger.
Let's calculate the attack from Sevilha to Cordoba if I wait:
Sevilha current: 7 spearman, 10 archer, 6 knight.
Faro arriving: 2 archer, 9 knight.
Total in Sevilha next turn: 7 spearman, 12 archer, 15 knight.
Plus the builds this turn: 1 knight, 1 archer.
Total: 7 spearman, 13 archer, 16 knight.
Attack power: 7*1 + 13*2 + 16*4 = 7 + 26 + 64 = 97.
Most numerous: knight (16).
Enemy in Cordoba: 2 spearmen, 6 archers, 1 knight. Most numerous: archer (6).
Knight counters archer -> 1.5x bonus.
Total attack = 97 * 1.5 = 145.5.
Enemy defense = 23.
This is an overwhelming attack.
So, this turn:
- Send Faro [5] to Sevilha [9]: {"fromId": 5, "toId": 9, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 9}}.
- Do NOT send Sevilha to Cordoba yet. Wait until next turn when Faro's troops arrive.
Wait, what about the enemy reinforcements?
"A reinforcement of King B (2 spearmen, 3 archers) arrived at [11] Cordoba"
"A reinforcement of King B (1 spearman, 2 archers, 1 knight) arrived at [13] Teruel"
"A reinforcement of King B (2 archers) arrived at [13] Teruel"
"A reinforcement of King B (1 archer) arrived at [12] Madrid"
These happened last turn. The garrisons I see are the current ones (Turn 26).
Cordoba garrison: 2 spearmen, 6 archers, 1 knight. This already includes the reinforcements.
So next turn, Cordoba might get more reinforcements, or they might attack me.
But my plan is solid.

Let's review the movements I have planned so far:
1. Faro [5] to Sevilha [9]: 2 archer, 9 knight.
2. Coimbra [3] to Porto [6]: 1 knight.
3. Badajoz [4] to Toledo [8]: 1 knight.
4. Toledo [8] to Cordoba [11]: 5 archer, 6 knight.

Wait, if I send Toledo's troops to Cordoba, they will fight the garrison there.
Is it better to also attack Cordoba from Sevilha this turn, or wait?
If I attack Cordoba from Sevilha this turn, I send 7 spearman, 10 archer, 6 knight.
Attack power: 7*1 + 10*2 + 6*4 = 51.
Most numerous: archer (10). Enemy most numerous: archer (6). No counter.
Attack = 51. Enemy defense = 23. I win, but lose some troops.
If I wait, I get 145.5 attack power, win with fewer losses.
But if I attack from both Toledo and Sevilha this turn:
Toledo fights first (or second), then Sevilha fights.
"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
If Toledo fights first, it wins and conquers Cordoba. Then the garrison is replaced by Toledo's survivors.
Then Sevilha arrives and fights the new garrison (Toledo's survivors).
This is bad because my own troops fight each other! "Your own armies never fight each other: they pass freely."
Wait! "Your own armies never fight each other: they pass freely."
Ah! If Toledo conquers Cordoba, it becomes MY village. Then Sevilha's army arrives at a MY village. They just join the garrison!
Let's read carefully: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination."
If Cordoba is conquered by Toledo this turn, is it "mine" when Sevilha arrives?
The orders are simultaneous. The map snapshot is the same.
"Took it is NOT required to win... When an attack conquers a village, the surviving attackers stay there as its new garrison."
If Toledo conquers Cordoba, it becomes my village. Sevilha's army is marching to Cordoba. Since Cordoba is now mine, does Sevilha's army stop and fight, or join?
"An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there"
If Cordoba is mine, Sevilha's army would not stop there to fight; it would pass through and go to the next village (which is Madrid [12] or Zaragoza [17] etc., depending on the road).
But wait, the destination I order for Sevilha is Cordoba [11]. If Cordoba is mine, the army goes there and joins the garrison.
But the timing: do they arrive at the same turn?
"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
This rule implies that even if they arrive at the same target, they fight sequentially. But if the target is already conquered by the first send, the second send arrives at a friendly village and joins.
However, it's risky and complicated. It's much simpler and safer to just attack with one army at a time, or gather them first.
Gathering them first (sending Faro to Sevilha, then Sevilha to Cordoba) is the standard and safest way to combine forces.
So I will NOT attack Cordoba from Sevilha this turn. I will wait until next turn.
But I WILL attack Cordoba from Toledo this turn, because Toledo has a strong army and can take it.
Wait, if Toledo attacks Cordoba, and Sevilha does not attack Cordoba this turn, then Cordoba falls to Toledo. Next turn, Sevilha (reinforced by Faro) can attack Cordoba to reinforce it, or attack Madrid [12] or Murcia [15] (which is mine but out of sight, wait, Murcia is mine, so I don't need to attack it).
Actually, if Cordoba falls to Toledo, it becomes my village. Then Sevilha can march to Cordoba to join the garrison, or march to Madrid [12] from Cordoba? No, from Sevilha I can go to Cordoba, then to Madrid.
But if I want to attack Madrid [12], I need to go through Cordoba [11] or Badajoz [4] -> Madrid [12].
Road network:
- [11] Cordoba connects to [8], [9], [15].
- [12] Madrid connects to [7], [8], [14], [17].
So to get to Madrid from Sevilha, I have to go Sevilha -> Cordoba -> Toledo -> Madrid, or Sevilha -> Badajoz -> Madrid.
It's easier to just attack Cordoba from Sevilha when I have the big army.
So, this turn:
- Send Faro [5] to Sevilha [9].
- Send Toledo [8] to Cordoba [11].
- Send Badajoz [4] to Toledo [8] (to replace Toledo's troops).
- Send Coimbra [3] to Porto [6] (to reinforce Porto).

Let's check if there are other movements.
What about Lisboa [0]? It has 2 archers. It's interior. No need to move.
Santarem [1] has 1 archer, 2 knight. Interior. No need to move.
Evora [2] has 1 knight. Interior. No need to move.
Porto [6] has 1 archer, 2 knight. I am sending Coimbra's knight there. So it will have 2 archers, 3 knights. Good.
Badajoz [4] has 3 knights. I am sending 1 to Toledo. So it will have 2 knights. Good.
Sevilha [9] has 23 troops. I am sending Faro's 11 troops there. So it will have 34 troops. Good.
Toledo [8] has 11 troops. I am sending them to Cordoba, and receiving 1 knight from Badajoz. So it will have 1 knight. Good.

Let's double check the march times:
- Faro [5] to Sevilha [9]: 1 fast turn. Arrives next turn.
- Coimbra [3] to Porto [6]: Road: [3] connects to [1], [6], [7]. So [3] to [6] is 1 step. March time: 1 fast turn (since it's 1 knight). Arrives next turn.
- Badajoz [4] to Toledo [8]: Road: [4] connects to [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. So [4] to [8] is 1 step. March time: 1 fast turn. Arrives next turn.
- Toledo [8] to Cordoba [11]: Road: [8] connects to [4], [11], [12], [13]. So [8] to [11] is 1 step. March time: 1 fast turn (mostly knights). Arrives next turn.

Everything arrives next turn. This is perfect.

Let's write down the JSON structure.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 3, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 4, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 5, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 6, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 8, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 8, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 9, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 9, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 5, "toId": 9, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 9}},
    {"fromId": 3, "toId": 6, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 4, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 8, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 5, "knight": 6}}
  ],
  "plan": "...",
  "statement": "..."
}

Let's refine the "plan" text.
The plan should describe the campaign over the next several turns.
"Focus on the southern front. Gather the massive knight reserves from Faro into Sevilha to create an unstoppable force. Simultaneously, launch a coordinated strike from Toledo to capture Cordoba, securing the southern flank. Reinforce Porto from Coimbra to hold the northern line. Next turn, unleash the combined Sevilha-Faro army to push through Cordoba towards Madrid and the enemy heartland, while Toledo's new garrison holds the newly conquered territory."
This is clear and concise.

Let's refine the "statement" text.
The statement is for the audience, describing what I did THIS turn.
"This turn, I consolidated my southern strength by marching the elite knights from Faro to Sevilha, preparing a decisive blow. I ordered Toledo's army to assault Cordoba while sending a knight from Badajoz to secure Toledo's defense. In the north, I shifted a knight from Coimbra to reinforce Porto, maintaining a solid defensive line. My villages are busy producing knights and archers to fuel the upcoming campaigns."
This is 4 lines, fits the requirement.

Let's double check the build quantities and village IDs.
- Village 0: Lisboa. wood 60, iron 40. Build 1 knight (30w, 30i), 1 archer (20w, 10i). Total 50w, 40i. OK.
- Village 1: Santarem. wood 60, iron 60. Build 2 knights (60w, 60i). Total 60w, 60i. OK.
- Village 2: Evora. wood 60, iron 40. Build 1 knight (30w, 30i), 1 archer (20w, 10i). Total 50w, 40i. OK.
- Village 3: Coimbra. wood 60, iron 130. Build 2 knights (60w, 60i). Total 60w, 60i. OK.
- Village 4: Badajoz. wood 60, iron 60. Build 2 knights (60w, 60i). Total 60w, 60i. OK.
- Village 5: Faro. wood 60, iron 60. Build 2 knights (60w, 60i). Total 60w, 60i. OK.
- Village 6: Porto. wood 65, iron 130. Build 2 knights (60w, 60i). Total 60w, 60i. OK.
- Village 8: Toledo. wood 70, iron 50. Build 1 knight (30w, 30i), 1 archer (20w, 10i). Total 50w, 40i. OK.
- Village 9: Sevilha. wood 70, iron 50. Build 1 knight (30w, 30i), 1 archer (20w, 10i). Total 50w, 40i. OK.

Wait, are there any other villages I own?
The list of "YOUR VILLAGES (9)" is: [0], [1], [2], [3], [4], [5], [6], [8], [9].
Yes, these are the 9.
So the builds are only for these 9.

Let's check the movements again.
- From 5 (Faro) to 9 (Sevilha): 2 archer, 9 knight.
  Faro has: 2 archer, 9 knight. So this sends all of them. OK.
- From 3 (Coimbra) to 6 (Porto): 1 knight.
  Coimbra has: 1 knight. OK.
- From 4 (Badajoz) to 8 (Toledo): 1 knight.
  Badajoz has: 3 knight. Sending 1 leaves 2. OK.
- From 8 (Toledo) to 11 (Cordoba): 5 archer, 6 knight.
  Toledo has: 5 archer, 6 knight. Sending all of them. OK.

Wait, if I send all troops from Toledo, Toledo will have 0 troops at home.
But I am sending 1 knight from Badajoz to Toledo. It will arrive next turn.
So Toledo will have 1 knight next turn. That's a small garrison, but since Toledo is interior-ish (connected to Badajoz, Cordoba, Madrid, Teruel), if Cordoba is conquered, Toledo is on the front line.
But wait, if Toledo is empty this turn, can the enemy attack it?
The enemy in Cordoba [11] is being attacked by me. Can the enemy in Madrid [12] attack Toledo [8]?
Road: [12] Madrid connects to [7], [8], [14], [17].
So Madrid to Toledo is 1 step.
If the enemy in Madrid attacks Toledo, they would march to Toledo.
Since Toledo is empty, they would conquer it if they arrive.
But I am sending Toledo's troops to Cordoba. They leave Toledo this turn.
So Toledo is empty for this turn.
If the enemy attacks Toledo from Madrid, they meet on the road? No, Toledo is empty, so they just march to Toledo and conquer it.
Wait, if I send Badajoz's knight to Toledo, it arrives next turn. But the enemy from Madrid would also arrive next turn (or this turn? March time is 1 turn).
If both arrive next turn, they would meet at Toledo or on the road.
Actually, the enemy in Madrid has 3 archers, 6 knights. That's a strong force.
If they attack Toledo, and my knight from Badajoz arrives, they might fight.
But it's a risk.
Is there a way to avoid emptying Toledo?
I could send only part of Toledo's troops to Cordoba, leaving some to defend.
But Toledo has 5 archers, 6 knights. If I send 3 knights, 2 archers, I keep 3 knights, 3 archers.
Let's calculate the attack power of 3 knights, 2 archers:
Attack = 3*4 + 2*2 = 12 + 4 = 16.
Most numerous: knight (3). Enemy most numerous: archer (6). Knight counters archer -> 1.5x bonus.
Total attack = 16 * 1.5 = 24.
Enemy defense in Cordoba = 23.
24 > 23, so I still win!
And I keep 3 knights, 3 archers in Toledo to defend against Madrid.
This is much safer!
Let's do this:
- Send from Toledo [8] to Cordoba [11]: 3 knights, 2 archers.
- Keep in Toledo [8]: 3 knights, 3 archers.
Let's check the troops in Toledo: 5 archers, 6 knights.
If I send 2 archers, 3 knights, I have 3 archers, 3 knights left.
This is perfect.
Let's update the movement:
{"fromId": 8, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 3}}.

Let's recalculate the attack from Toledo to Cordoba with 2 archers, 3 knights:
Attack = 2*2 + 3*4 = 4 + 12 = 16.
Most numerous: knight (3 vs 2 archer). Enemy most numerous: archer (6).
Knight counters archer -> 1.5x bonus.
Total attack = 16 * 1.5 = 24.
Enemy defense = 23.
24 > 23. I win by a very small margin.
Wait, "A tie favors the DEFENDER." 24 vs 23 is a win, not a tie.
But is it too close? If the enemy gets reinforcements, their defense might increase.
The report says: "effective defense (location bonus included): 23 (was 15, 5 turns ago)".
It is 23 now. If they get reinforcements, it might be higher next turn.
But the attack happens next turn. The defense I see is TODAY'S defense.
"The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival."
So the enemy might have built more troops, increasing their defense.
If their defense becomes 24 or more, my attack of 24 might fail or tie.
To be safe, maybe I should send more troops?
If I send 3 archers, 3 knights:
Attack = 3*2 + 3*4 = 6 + 12 = 18.
Most numerous: tie (3 archer, 3 knight). Ties break in the order spearman, archer, knight. So archer is most numerous.
Enemy most numerous: archer (6). Archer vs Archer: no counter.
Total attack = 18. Enemy defense = 23. I lose.
If I send 4 knights, 1 archer:
Attack = 1*2 + 4*4 = 2 + 16 = 18.
Most numerous: knight (4). Enemy most numerous: archer (6). Knight counters archer -> 1.5x bonus.
Total attack = 18 * 1.5 = 27.
Enemy defense = 23. 27 > 23, I win with a better margin.
And I keep 1 knight, 4 archers in Toledo.
Let's check: Toledo has 5 archers, 6 knights.
Send 1 archer, 4 knights. Keep 4 archers, 2 knights.
This is a good balance.
Let's use this:
- Send from Toledo [8] to Cordoba [11]: 1 archer, 4 knights.
- Keep in Toledo [8]: 4 archers, 2 knights.
Attack power: 1*2 + 4*4 = 18. With 1.5x bonus = 27. Win against 23.

What about the other movements?
- Faro [5] to Sevilha [9]: 2 archer, 9 knight.
- Coimbra [3] to Porto [6]: 1 knight.
- Badajoz [4] to Toledo [8]: 1 knight.
  If I send 1 knight to Toledo, Toledo will have 4 archers, 3 knights. Even better defense!

Let's review the final movements:
1. {"fromId": 5, "toId": 9, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 9}}
2. {"fromId": 3, "toId": 6, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}}
3. {"fromId": 4, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}}
4. {"fromId": 8, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 4}}

This looks very solid.
Let's write the JSON.

One more check on the build list:
I have 13 build orders.
Is there any limit on the number of build orders per turn? No, the prompt says "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."
Let's make sure the JSON is valid.
The "build" field is a list of objects with "villageId", "type", "quantity".
The "movements" field is a list of objects with "fromId", "toId", "troops" (which is an object with "spearman", "archer", "knight").
The "plan" and "statement" are strings.

Let's write the plan:
"Consolidate the southern front by gathering Faro's elite knights into Sevilha, creating an overwhelming force. Simultaneously, launch a targeted strike from Toledo to capture Cordoba, using a balanced force to minimize losses while securing a foothold. Reinforce Porto from Coimbra to hold the northern line, and shift a knight from Badajoz to Toledo to secure the rear. Next turn, unleash the combined Sevilha-Faro army to push through Cordoba towards Madrid, while the newly built knights and archers fuel the next phase of the campaign."

Let's write the statement:
"This turn, I focused on consolidating my southern strength, marching Faro's elite knights to Sevilha to prepare a decisive blow against Cordoba. I ordered a coordinated assault from Toledo, sending a balanced force to capture the enemy village while keeping a strong defense in Toledo. In the north, I reinforced Porto with a knight from Coimbra to maintain a solid defensive line. My villages are busy producing knights and archers to fuel the upcoming campaigns."

The JSON looks complete and correct. I will output only the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"arqueiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":5,"destinoId":9,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":9}},{"origemId":3,"destinoId":6,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":4,"destinoId":8,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":8,"destinoId":11,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":4}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [1]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [1]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [2]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [3]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [3]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [4]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [4]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [5]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [5]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [6]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [6]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [8]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [8]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [9]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [9]
ACEITO envio [5]->[9]: 2A+9K
ACEITO envio [3]->[6]: 1K
ACEITO envio [4]->[8]: 1K
ACEITO envio [8]->[11]: 1A+4K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Consolidate the southern front by gathering Faro's elite knights into Sevilha, creating an overwhelming force. Simultaneously, launch a targeted strike from Toledo to capture Cordoba, using a balanced force to minimize losses while securing a foothold. Reinforce Porto from Coimbra to hold the northern line, and shift a knight from Badajoz to Toledo to secure the rear. Next turn, unleash the combined Sevilha-Faro army to push through Cordoba towards Madrid, while the newly built knights and archers fuel the next phase of the campaign.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): This turn, I focused on consolidating my southern strength, marching Faro's elite knights to Sevilha to prepare a decisive blow against Cordoba. I ordered a coordinated assault from Toledo, sending a balanced force to capture the enemy village while keeping a strong defense in Toledo. In the north, I reinforced Porto with a knight from Coimbra to maintain a solid defensive line. My villages are busy producing knights and archers to fuel the upcoming campaigns.
########## TURNO 26 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4536 | resposta 80415 | raciocinio 66497 | finish stop | ms 808438
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 12, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 15, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 14, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 7, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 11, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 10, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 7, \"toId\": 3, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 6, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 10, \"toId\": 6, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 5, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 12, \"toId\": 7, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 14, \"toId\": 10, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 17, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 16, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 3, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 18, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 15, \"toId\": 11, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 4}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Capture Coimbra and Porto to secure the northwest and reach 17 villages. Reinforce Salamanca, Vigo, Teruel, and Cordoba with troops from interior villages to prepare for enemy counterattacks. Build spearman in all villages to build up forces for the next attack on Badajoz or Toledo to reach 18 villages. Hold the line for two turns to win.\",\n  \"statement\": \"Our armies struck at Coimbra and Porto, taking them in a swift campaign. We have reinforced our borders to hold against the enemy's wrath. We are building spearman everywhere, ready for the next push to reach 18 villages.\"\n}"
raciocinio: We are King B. We have 15 villages. Need 18 for 2 consecutive turns to win (75% of 24). Currently 15. Need to capture 3 more villages. Enemy capital is Lisboa [0] but not required. Enemy has many villages: we see [8] Toledo, [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto, [3] Coimbra, [9] Sevilha, [5] Faro (last seen). Also [1] Santarem, [2] Evora, [0] Lisboa unexplored. Total enemy villages: likely 9? Actually total map has 24 villages. We have 15, so enemy has 9. They are King A. We need to hold 18 for 2 turns, or eliminate all enemy villages. Taking 3 more from enemy will give us 18, then hold for 2 turns. But need to consider enemy counterattacks.

Current state: We have 146 soldiers at home. Our villages: Barcelona (22), Tarragona (21), Girona (23), Castellon (18), Zaragoza (17), Huesca (20), Valencia (16), Teruel (13), Madrid (12), Murcia (15), Pamplona (19), Burgos (14), Salamanca (7), Cordoba (11), Vigo (10). We have border villages: Teruel (border with [8] enemy), Madrid (border with [8] enemy), Salamanca (border with [3],[4]+1 enemy), Cordoba (border with [8],[9] enemy), Vigo (border with [6] enemy). Others interior.

Enemy villages we can see: [8] Toledo (garrison 5 archers, 6 knights, defense 28), [4] Badajoz (3 knights, defense 8), [6] Porto (1 archer, 2 knights, defense 8), [3] Coimbra (1 knight, defense 3), [9] Sevilha (7 spearmen, 10 archers, 6 knights, defense 58). Also [5] Faro last seen 4 turns ago: 4 spearmen, 3 archers, 4 knights. Unexplored: [1] Santarem, [0] Lisboa, [2] Evora.

We need to capture 3 villages. Which ones are easiest? Badajoz (defense 8, 3 knights), Porto (defense 8, 1 archer, 2 knights), Coimbra (defense 3, 1 knight). But they are lightly defended now, but enemy may reinforce. Also note that enemy villages harden every 5 turns: each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type. But these are enemy villages, not neutral. The rule says "Neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type." So enemy villages don't harden unless they were neutral? Actually the rule says "Neutral villages harden..." So enemy villages are already owned by King A and don't get this bonus? Probably they don't harden. But they can be reinforced by enemy builds.

We have resources: each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. We have many villages with resources. We can build troops. Cap per village: 300 troops at home stops building. Our villages have low numbers: max 23. So we can build.

We need to plan attacks. We must consider travel times and simultaneous enemy orders. Enemy is King A, they will likely defend and attack. We don't know their orders. We need to decide what to do this turn.

We can send troops from our villages to attack enemy villages. We must obey movement rules: armies march along roads, stop at first enemy/neutral village. So we need to choose a target and send troops from a village that can reach it without passing through another enemy village? Actually if we send from a village, the army will march along the road to the target. If there is an enemy village on the path, it will stop there and fight that one instead. So we need to ensure the path is clear or we intend to attack the one on the way. For example, to attack [8] Toledo, we can send from [11] Cordoba (1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn) or from [12] Madrid (1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn) or from [13] Teruel (1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn) or from [4] Badajoz? But Badajoz is enemy. Actually from our villages: [11] Cordoba to [8] Toledo is direct road? Road network: [8] Toledo connects to [4], [11], [12], [13]. So from Cordoba [11] to [8] is direct. From Madrid [12] to [8] direct. From Teruel [13] to [8] direct. From Salamanca [7] to [8]? No, Salamanca connects to [3],[4],[6],[12]. To get to [8] from Salamanca, you'd go [7]->[12]->[8] or [7]->[4]->[8]. So if we send from Salamanca to [8], it would go via [12] (ours) or [4] (enemy). If via [4], it would stop at [4] first. So we must consider the path.

We want to capture new villages. Let's list possible attacks:

- Attack [4] Badajoz: from [7] Salamanca (2 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn). Path: [7] to [4] is direct? Road: [7] Salamanca connects to [3],[4],[6],[12]. So yes, direct. Also from [8] Toledo? But Toledo is enemy. From [9] Sevilha? Enemy. So only from Salamanca. Or from [12] Madrid? Madrid to [4]? Road: [12] connects to [7],[8],[14],[17]. Not directly to [4]. So to reach [4] from Madrid, you'd go [12]->[7]->[4] or [12]->[8]->[4]. Both would stop at intermediate if enemy. So Salamanca is the only our village directly connected to [4]. So to attack Badajoz, we send from Salamanca.

- Attack [6] Porto: from [7] Salamanca (1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn) direct? Road: [7] to [6] yes. Also from [10] Vigo? Vigo is ours, connects to [6] and [14]. So from Vigo to Porto is direct. Also from [3] Coimbra? Enemy. So we can attack from Salamanca or Vigo.

- Attack [3] Coimbra: from [7] Salamanca (2 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn) direct. Also from [1] Santarem? Enemy. From [6] Porto? Enemy. So only Salamanca.

- Attack [8] Toledo: from [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel. Also from [4] Badajoz (enemy). So we have multiple options.

- Attack [9] Sevilha: from [11] Cordoba (1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn) direct. Also from [4] Badajoz? Enemy. From [5] Faro? Enemy. So only Cordoba.

- Attack [5] Faro: last seen 4 turns ago. It connects to [2] Evora, [4] Badajoz, [9] Sevilha. All enemy. So we cannot attack it directly from our territory unless we go through enemy villages. But we could attack from a village we own that is adjacent? None. So we need to first capture a village adjacent to it, like Badajoz or Sevilha, then attack from there. But if we capture Badajoz, then from Badajoz we can attack Faro? Road: [4] Badajoz to [5] Faro is direct? Yes, [4] connects to [5]. So after capturing Badajoz, we could attack Faro from there.

- Attack [1] Santarem: connects to [0] Lisboa, [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz. All enemy. So we need to capture one of those first.

- Attack [0] Lisboa: capital, connects to [1] Santarem, [2] Evora. Need to capture those first.

- Attack [2] Evora: connects to [0] Lisboa, [5] Faro. Need to capture Faro or Lisboa first.

So our immediate easy targets: Badajoz (defense 8), Porto (defense 8), Coimbra (defense 3). Also Toledo (defense 28) is harder but we have multiple attack points. Sevilha (defense 58) is very strong.

We need 3 villages. Let's consider capturing Badajoz, Porto, Coimbra. That would give us 18 villages. But we must hold them for 2 consecutive turns. So we need to capture them and then defend them against enemy counterattacks. The enemy may try to take them back. So we need to reinforce them.

We have 146 soldiers at home. We can build more this turn. We should build troops to attack and to defend.

Let's analyze the enemy's possible moves. They may attack our border villages: Teruel, Madrid, Salamanca, Cordoba, Vigo. They might also reinforce their own villages. We don't know their orders. We need to plan for the worst.

We should send troops to attack multiple targets simultaneously to spread enemy defenses. But we have limited troops. Let's see our available troops per village:

We need to decide which villages to send from and how many troops. We must consider the attack power and the enemy defense.

Combat rules: When attacking, our troops count their ATTACK; defender counts DEFENSE (with location bonus already included in the effective defense given). Counter triangle: if our most numerous type counters their most numerous type, we multiply our force by 1.5. If we attack, we are the attacker, so we get the counter bonus if applicable. The defender gets defense bonus (already in effective defense). The side with higher effective force wins. Tie favors defender. Winner takes losses (attrition against loser's effective force).

So we need to calculate our effective attack force. We can choose which troops to send. We can mix types to get counter bonus. For example, if enemy has many knights, we should send spearmen to counter (since spearman counters knight). If enemy has many archers, send knights. If enemy has many spearmen, send archers.

Let's examine the enemy garrisons we see:

- [4] Badajoz: 3 knights. Most numerous: knight. To counter, we should send spearmen (counter knight). But we can also send archers? Archer vs knight: knight counters archer? Actually the triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. So if enemy is mostly knights, our spearmen counter them and get 1.5x bonus. If we send archers, they are countered by enemy knights (enemy gets bonus? Wait, the counter triangle applies to the attacker's force when they have the counter. The rule: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So it's the attacker who gets the bonus if their most numerous type counters the defender's most numerous type. The defender does not get a counter bonus; they just use their defense. So when attacking, we want to have our most numerous type be the one that counters the enemy's most numerous type. If we do, our total attack is multiplied by 1.5. If we don't, no bonus. If our most numerous type is countered by enemy's most numerous, we don't get a penalty; the enemy just doesn't give us a bonus. So we should always try to match the counter.

For Badajoz: enemy 3 knights (most numerous knight). We should send spearmen as most numerous to get 1.5x. Spearmen have attack 1, defense 2. If we send, say, 10 spearmen, our attack force = 10 * 1 = 10. With counter bonus: 10 * 1.5 = 15. Enemy defense: effective defense 8 (given). So we win with 15 vs 8. But we also take losses. The winner takes losses equal to the loser's effective force? The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So our losses will be based on enemy's effective attack? Actually it says "attrition against the loser's effective force". The loser's effective force is their attack? But they are defending, so they use defense? The rule: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs." So the loser's effective force for attrition is probably their defense? Or their attack? The rule says: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER. The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." It's ambiguous. Typically in such games, the winner suffers losses equal to the loser's effective force (the force they fielded). But here the defender's effective force is their defense (with bonus). So if we attack with 15 and they defend with 8, we win, and we lose some troops. How many? "Attrition against the loser's effective force" might mean we lose a number of troops equal to the loser's effective force divided by something? Actually it's not specified. In many similar games, losses are proportional. But we don't have a formula. We'll assume that the winner takes losses equal to the loser's effective force? That would be 8 losses? But we need to check if that makes sense. The report from last turn: "You attacked [7] Salamanca: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 2 troops)". We don't know the forces involved. But we can infer. We'll have to be cautious.

Anyway, we need to send enough troops to overcome the defense and also survive to garrison the village. After capturing, we may want to leave some troops there to defend, or we can rely on the village's own defense. But the enemy may counterattack. So we should send a mix that can defend.

For Porto [6]: garrison 1 archer, 2 knights. Most numerous: knight (2 vs 1). So we should send spearmen to counter. Defense 8.

For Coimbra [3]: garrison 1 knight. Most numerous: knight. Send spearmen. Defense 3.

For Toledo [8]: garrison 5 archers, 6 knights. Most numerous: knight (6 vs 5). So we should send spearmen to counter. Defense 28.

For Sevilha [9]: 7 spearmen, 10 archers, 6 knights. Most numerous: archer (10). To counter archer, we need knights as most numerous. So we should send knights. Defense 58.

So our strategy: use spearmen against knight-heavy enemies, knights against archer-heavy, archers against spearman-heavy.

We need to build troops. We have resources. Let's check our villages' resources and what we can build.

Each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron. We have many villages. We can build spearman (15 wood, 0 iron), archer (20 wood, 10 iron), knight (30 wood, 30 iron). We should build the troops we need for attacks. Also we need to defend our own villages. But we can build in interior villages and then send them to borders.

We have 15 villages. We need to capture 3 more. Let's decide which 3 to target. The easiest are Badajoz, Porto, Coimbra. But if we take them, the enemy might try to retake them. We need to reinforce them. Also, we might want to capture Toledo to secure a stronger border, but it's harder.

Another consideration: we need to hold 18 for 2 consecutive turns. So if we capture 3 this turn, we will have 18 at the end of this turn? Actually the turn order: we give orders, then simultaneous execution. At the end of the turn, if we capture villages, we hold them. Then next turn, if we still hold them, that's 2 consecutive turns? The rule: "hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns". So if we capture 3 this turn, we have 18. Then we need to hold them for the next turn as well. So we must ensure we can defend them next turn. The enemy will try to attack. So we should capture villages that we can hold.

Maybe we should capture villages that are not heavily attacked from multiple directions. Badajoz is connected to Santarem, Faro, Sevilha, Toledo, Salamanca. So enemy can attack from several directions. Porto is connected to Coimbra, Salamanca, Vigo. Coimbra is connected to Santarem, Porto, Salamanca. So these are in a cluster. If we capture them, the enemy might counterattack from Toledo, Sevilha, Faro, etc.

We also have our own border villages that might be attacked: Salamanca, Cordoba, Madrid, Teruel, Vigo. We need to defend them.

Let's think about the enemy's perspective. King A has villages: [8] Toledo, [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto, [3] Coimbra, [9] Sevilha, [5] Faro, [1] Santarem, [0] Lisboa, [2] Evora. They have 9 villages. They will produce resources and build troops. They will try to defend their villages and attack ours. They don't know our orders. They might send troops to reinforce their villages or attack our borders.

We need to decide our moves. We can send multiple armies. We have no armies on march currently. We can send from any village.

Let's consider sending a large force to capture Badajoz, and simultaneously capture Porto and Coimbra. But we need enough troops. Let's count our available troops:

We have at home:
Barcelona: 8 spear, 10 archer, 4 knight (total 22)
Tarragona: 0 spear, 14 archer, 1 knight (15)
Girona: 12 spear, 3 archer, 8 knight (23)
Castellon: 2 spear, 0 archer, 1 knight (3)
Zaragoza: 0 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight (3)
Huesca: 2 spear, 10 archer, 1 knight (13)
Valencia: 3 spear, 0 archer, 2 knight (5)
Teruel: 1 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight (9)
Madrid: 0 spear, 3 archer, 6 knight (9)
Murcia: 2 spear, 2 archer, 4 knight (8)
Pamplona: 2 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight (9)
Burgos: 0 spear, 2 archer, 2 knight (4)
Salamanca: 0 spear, 6 archer, 0 knight (6)
Cordoba: 2 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight (9)
Vigo: 2 spear, 5 archer, 1 knight (8)

Total: spear: 8+0+12+2+0+2+3+1+0+2+2+0+0+2+2 = 36 spearman. Archer: 10+14+3+0+2+10+0+6+3+2+6+2+6+6+5 = 75 archer. Knight: 4+1+8+1+1+1+2+2+6+4+1+2+0+1+1 = 35 knight. Total 146.

We can also build this turn. We should build troops to replace losses and increase numbers. We need to decide what to build where. We can build in any village that has resources and is under the cap. All our villages have low numbers, so we can build. We should build the types we need for attacks. Since we want to attack Badajoz, Porto, Coimbra with spearmen (to counter knights), we should build spearmen. Also we might need archers and knights for other attacks or defense.

But we also need to consider that after we capture a village, we may want to leave some troops there to defend. If we send all our troops to attack, the village we capture might have no garrison initially? Actually when we attack and win, we conquer the village. The surviving troops become the garrison? Or do we need to send separate reinforcements? The rules: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So the army that attacked will suffer some losses. After the battle, the remaining troops are in the village. They can act as garrison. But if we want to reinforce, we can send more later. However, if we send a huge army, we might lose some, but the rest will occupy. Then the enemy might counterattack next turn. So we need to send enough to not only win the initial attack but also survive to defend against immediate counterattack. Or we can send a separate reinforcement after the attack, but that would take turns to arrive.

Since turns are simultaneous, if we attack a village this turn, the enemy might also send troops to that same village to defend? Actually the enemy writes their orders at the same time. They don't know we are attacking. So they might not send reinforcements there this turn. But they might have troops already there. The garrison we see is the current garrison. They might also have troops on the march? The report says "ENEMY (only what your watchmen can see): none sighted". So no enemy armies on march. So the garrisons are what we see. But the enemy can build new troops this turn and also send them. They could send troops from other villages to reinforce. But since they don't know our attack, they might not. However, they might have general strategies. We have to assume they could send reinforcements to their border villages.

So we should aim to capture villages with overwhelming force to minimize losses and ensure we have enough to hold.

Let's calculate the force needed for each target.

For Badajoz [4]: defense 8, garrison 3 knights. We want to attack with spearmen. Effective attack = (number of spearmen * 1) * 1.5 if spearmen are most numerous. We can also include other types, but if spearmen are most numerous, we get the bonus. We need effective attack > 8 to win (tie goes to defender, so we need >). So we need at least 9 effective attack? Actually if we have 6 spearmen, attack = 6 * 1.5 = 9 > 8, win. But we also take losses. How many losses? The rule doesn't specify exactly, but we can assume we lose some troops. In the previous turn, we attacked Salamanca and lost 2 troops. We don't know the forces, but maybe we can estimate. To be safe, we should send more spearmen to ensure we have some left to garrison. If we send 10 spearmen, attack 15, we win. Losses? Possibly around the enemy's effective defense? If attrition is based on enemy's effective force (8), we might lose 8 troops? That would leave 2. That's not enough to hold. So we might need to send more, or send a mix so that our losses are distributed. Actually, the rule says "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." It might mean the winner loses a number of troops equal to the loser's effective force? That would be 8 troops lost. If we send 10 spearmen, we lose 8, left with 2. That might be okay if we then reinforce. But if we lose 8, we need to have at least 9 to have 1 left. Actually if we lose 8, we need to send at least 9 to have 1 survive. But we want a garrison. So we should send more, or send from multiple villages? But remember: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So we cannot combine forces from different villages for the same attack. We must send from one village per attack. So we need a single village to have enough troops to win and have survivors.

Which village can send spearmen to Badajoz? Only Salamanca [7] is directly connected. Salamanca currently has 0 spearman, 6 archer, 0 knight. So we would need to build spearman there this turn. Can Salamanca build? It has wood 60, iron 60. It produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. So it has resources. It can build spearman (15 wood, 0 iron). It can build up to its cap (300). Currently has 6 troops. So we can build many spearman there. But building takes 1 turn: they are ready in 1 turn. So if we order build this turn, they will be available for movement this turn? The rules: "spearman: costs 15 wood + 0 iron, ready in 1 turn." So if we order build, they are ready immediately? Or at the end of the turn? Typically "ready in 1 turn" means they can be used next turn. But the order phase is simultaneous. We need to interpret: The report says "Each village you hold produces resources every turn, and resources are what build your army." And "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." So we order builds for this turn, and they become available? The turn sequence: we give orders, then execution. The builds we order this turn will be available for movement this turn? Or next turn? In many such games, builds take a turn to train, so they can be used next turn. But the phrase "ready in 1 turn" might mean they are ready at the end of this turn, so they can be used next turn. However, the report from last turn: "Your reinforcement (4 archers) arrived at [10] Vigo" etc. Those were troops we built earlier and sent. So builds we order now will be ready next turn. But we can also send troops that are already at home. So we can send the existing troops from Salamanca: 6 archers. But archers vs knights: enemy most numerous is knight, so archers won't give counter bonus. If we send archers, our most numerous is archer, enemy is knight. Knight counters archer? Actually knight counters archer, so the enemy's most numerous counters our most numerous? The rule says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't say anything about being countered. So if we send archers, we don't get a bonus. Our attack = 6 * 2 = 12. Enemy defense = 8. 12 > 8, we win. But we might take more losses because our troops are weaker? Actually the combat is just effective force comparison. So 12 vs 8, we win. But we might lose troops. If we send 6 archers, we might lose some. But we can also build spearman at Salamanca this turn, but they won't be ready to send this turn. So we could send the 6 archers now, and next turn send spearman. But if we send archers now, we might capture Badajoz, but our archers might suffer losses. Then next turn we can send spearman to reinforce. But we need to hold for 2 turns. If we capture this turn, we have it. Next turn we need to have it still. If we don't reinforce, the enemy might counterattack and take it back. So we should send a strong force now that can hold.

Alternatively, we could attack from another village? Is there any other village connected to Badajoz? [8] Toledo is enemy, but if we send from Toledo? We don't own it. So only Salamanca.

What about Porto [6]? Connected to Salamanca and Vigo. Vigo is ours. Vigo has 2 spear, 5 archer, 1 knight. We can send from Vigo. Vigo can also build. Or we can send from Salamanca.

Coimbra [3]: connected only to Salamanca (and enemy villages). So from Salamanca.

So Salamanca is the key village for attacking Badajoz, Porto, Coimbra. It currently has 6 archers. We can build there. But we might want to send from Vigo to Porto to relieve pressure on Salamanca.

Let's consider capturing Porto from Vigo. Vigo has 2 spear, 5 archer, 1 knight. To attack Porto (defense 8, 1 archer, 2 knights). Most numerous enemy: knight. We should send spearmen. Vigo has only 2 spear. We can build spearman at Vigo. Vigo has wood 35, iron 40. It can build spearman (15 wood). It can build up to 3 cap? Currently 8 troops. We can build, say, 10 spearman. Then send them. But they would be ready next turn if builds take a turn. So we might not be able to send them this turn. We can send the existing troops: 2 spear, 5 archer, 1 knight. If we send all, our most numerous would be archer (5). Enemy most numerous is knight. Archer does not counter knight. Our attack: spear 2*1=2, archer 5*2=10, knight 1*4=4, total 16. No bonus. Defense 8. We win. But we might lose troops. We could send just the 2 spear and 1 knight? That's not many. We need to think about losses.

Actually, we can choose exactly which troops to send. We can send a subset. For example, send only the 5 archers? Attack 10 > 8, win. But then we have 5 archers in Porto after battle? They might lose some. If we send 5 archers, we leave the spear and knight at Vigo. That might be okay.

But we also need to consider that the enemy might send troops to defend. Since they don't know our attack, they might not. But they could have built troops this turn and sent them to their villages. We don't know.

Another approach: focus on capturing Toledo and Sevilha? But they are stronger.

Maybe we should capture Badajoz, Porto, and Coimbra in one turn to quickly reach 18. But we need to have enough troops to take them and hold them. We have many troops in interior villages that we can send to the border villages to reinforce, then from there attack. But movement takes turns. For example, we could send troops from Barcelona to Madrid to reinforce Madrid, then from Madrid attack Toledo? But that takes time.

We need to decide on a plan for this turn. Let's list our possible actions:

1. Build troops in various villages to prepare for attacks.
2. Send existing troops to attack enemy villages.
3. Send troops to reinforce our border villages.

Since we have no armies on march, we can send troops now. The attacks will take time. For example, from Salamanca to Badajoz: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. That means if we send slow troops (spearman), it takes 2 turns? Actually the report says: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". That indicates travel time in turns for each speed. So from Salamanca to Badajoz: "march from [7] Salamanca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So if we send spearman (slow), it takes 2 turns to arrive. If we send archer (medium), 1 turn. Knight (fast), 1 turn. So if we send a mixed army, it moves at the speed of the slowest. So if we include spearman, it takes 2 turns. If we send only archer and knight, it takes 1 turn. So we can choose to send fast troops to get there quickly. But we might want to send spearmen for the counter bonus. If we send spearmen, they take 2 turns. That means they would arrive on turn 28? Actually current turn is 26. If we order them now, they start marching and arrive in 2 turns, so on turn 28? But the enemy gets turns in between. So if we want to capture Badajoz this turn, we need to send troops that arrive this turn? Actually the attack happens when they arrive. If we send them now, they will arrive in 1 or 2 turns. So the conquest will happen on arrival turn. We need to consider the timeline. The game probably resolves movement and battles at the end of the turn. So if we send troops on turn 26, they will be on the road. On turn 27, they may arrive if speed is 1 turn. If speed is 2 turns, they arrive on turn 28. So we won't get the village until then. And we need to hold for 2 consecutive turns. So if we capture on turn 28, we need to hold on turn 29 and 30? Actually "hold for 2 consecutive turns" means at the end of two turns in a row we have 18. So if we capture on turn 28, we have 18 at end of turn 28. Then we need to have 18 at end of turn 29. So we need to defend it on turn 29.

We should plan a sequence of attacks. We can send multiple armies that arrive at different times. But we must be careful because the enemy can also move.

Let's think about what we can do this turn (turn 26). We can send existing troops. They will arrive in 1 or 2 turns. We can also build new troops this turn; they will be ready next turn (turn 27) and can be sent then, arriving turn 28 or 29.

We need to decide on a strategy. Since we need 3 more villages, and the easiest are Badajoz, Porto, Coimbra. Let's see if we can take them quickly.

Option A: Attack Porto from Vigo with fast troops (archers/knights) to take it in 1 turn. Vigo to Porto: "march from [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Porto? Actually the report says for Porto [6]: "march from [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". But from Vigo [10] to Porto [6]? Road: Vigo connects to [6] and [14]. So from Vigo to Porto is direct. The report doesn't give the march distance from Vigo to Porto, but we can infer it's probably 1 turn for fast? Since it's adjacent. We can check the road network: [6] Porto: [3], [7], [10]. So from Vigo [10] to [6] is one road. The distance in terms of turns: we need to know the travel time. The report gives distances from our villages to visible enemy villages. For Porto, it says "march from [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". It doesn't give from Vigo. But we can assume from Vigo it's similar or shorter? Actually Vigo is closer geographically? The map: Vigo is northwest, Porto is south of Vigo? Actually Porto is on the coast, Vigo is inland? We don't have coordinates. But since they are connected directly, it's probably 1 turn for fast, maybe 2 for slow. We can estimate. But we need to be precise. The report only gives march distances from our nearest village for each visible enemy village. For Porto, it says from Salamanca. It doesn't say from Vigo. But we can use the road network: if we want to send from Vigo, we can, but we need to know the travel time. The rules say: "The report shows travel time per speed (e.g. 'march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns')." So the report should have given that for each visible village from the nearest village. But for Porto, it gave from Salamanca. It didn't give from Vigo. However, we can infer that from Vigo, the distance might be 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast? Or maybe 2 slow? We don't know. But we can check the pattern: Salamanca to Porto is 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. That means it's a short distance. Vigo to Porto is likely similar. But we can't be sure. However, we can choose to send from Salamanca instead. But if we send from Salamanca, we use up its troops. Salamanca is also needed for Badajoz and Coimbra. So maybe we should use Vigo for Porto to diversify.

Let's check the report for Vigo: it says "from here to your nearest border village [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? No, for Vigo it says: "[10] Vigo | BORDER with [6] (enemy) | ... from here to your nearest border village [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? Wait, the report says for each of our villages: "from here to your nearest border village [x]: ...". For Vigo, it says: "from here to your nearest border village [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? Actually let's read: "[10] Vigo | BORDER with [6] (enemy) | wood 35 (+30/turn) | iron 40 (+20/turn) | effective defense (location bonus included): 20 | troops at home: 8 / 300 ... from here to your nearest border village [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That's odd: Vigo's nearest border village is Cordoba? But Vigo itself is a border village (with [6]). So "nearest border village" might mean the nearest other border village? Or it's a mistake? Actually the text says: "from here to your nearest border village [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That seems to indicate the distance from Vigo to Cordoba. But Cordoba is not directly connected to Vigo? Road: Vigo connects to [6] and [14]. Cordoba connects to [8],[9],[15]. So they are not directly connected. So that distance might be along roads via other villages. It says "nearest border village", meaning the nearest village that is a border village? That might be Cordoba? But Vigo itself is border. So maybe it's the nearest other border village. Anyway, it doesn't give the distance to enemy villages from Vigo. But we can see for Porto: it says "march from [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So from Salamanca to Porto is 1 turn for all speeds. That suggests the road is short. From Vigo to Porto, since they are directly connected, it's probably also 1 turn for all speeds? Or maybe 2 for slow? We can't be sure. But we can send from Vigo if we want.

To be safe, we can send from Salamanca to attack both Porto and Badajoz? But we can only send one army from Salamanca at a time? Actually we can send multiple armies from the same village? The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." It doesn't say we can't send from the same village to different targets. We can send from Salamanca to Badajoz and also from Salamanca to Porto? But they would be separate armies. However, Salamanca has limited troops. We need to split its forces. That's allowed. But we must ensure each army is strong enough.

Let's consider building troops this turn. We have many resources. We should build the troops we need for the attacks we plan. Since we want to attack with spearmen (to counter knights), we should build spearman in villages that will send them. But spearman are slow, so they take 2 turns to arrive if we send them from a village that is 2 slow turns away. For Badajoz from Salamanca: 2 slow turns. So if we build spearman at Salamanca this turn, they will be ready next turn? Actually "ready in 1 turn" means they are ready at the end of this turn? Or they take 1 turn to build, so they are available to be sent next turn? Typically, if you order a build, it completes at the end of the turn, so you can send them next turn. So if we build spearman at Salamanca on turn 26, they are ready on turn 27. Then we can send them on turn 27. They will take 2 slow turns to arrive, so they arrive on turn 29. That's a long time. Alternatively, we can send existing archers from Salamanca now (they take 1 medium turn, so arrive turn 27). That's faster. But archers don't get the counter bonus. However, they might still win. Let's calculate: Salamanca has 6 archers. Attack on Badajoz: 6 archers attack = 12. Defense 8. Win. Losses? We might lose some. If we send 6 archers, they might all die? Or some survive. We need to know the loss mechanic. The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." It doesn't give a formula. In many games, losses are equal to the loser's effective force divided by something, or a percentage. Since we don't know, we should assume we might lose a significant number. If we send 6 archers and lose, say, 4, we have 2 left. That's not a strong garrison. But we could then send reinforcements next turn.

Maybe we should send a mix: some archers and some knights? Knights are fast (1 turn). If we send knights, they arrive in 1 turn. Knights have attack 4. If we send 2 knights, attack 8, vs defense 8, tie goes to defender, so we lose. So we need more. If we send 3 knights, attack 12 > 8, win. But knights are expensive. Salamanca has 0 knights. We would need to build them (30 wood, 30 iron). Salamanca has wood 60, iron 60, so it can build 2 knights this turn? Actually it can build as many as resources allow. It produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn, but it also has a stockpile: wood 60, iron 60. So it can build 2 knights (cost 60 wood, 60 iron) exactly. But building takes 1 turn, so they'd be ready next turn. So we can't send them this turn.

So for immediate attacks this turn, we can only send existing troops. From Salamanca, we have 6 archers. We can send them to Badajoz or Porto or Coimbra. From Vigo, we have 2 spear, 5 archer, 1 knight. We can send them to Porto. From Cordoba, we have 2 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight. We can send them to Sevilha or Toledo. From Madrid, 0 spear, 3 archer, 6 knight. To Toledo or Badajoz? Madrid to Badajoz: not direct, would go through Salamanca or Toledo. So if we send from Madrid to Badajoz, the army would go Madrid -> Salamanca (ours) -> Badajoz? Or Madrid -> Toledo (enemy) -> Badajoz. If it goes through Salamanca, since Salamanca is ours, it passes freely. But the rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So if the path goes through an enemy village, it stops there. If it goes through our village, it doesn't stop. So from Madrid to Badajoz, the road might be Madrid -> Salamanca -> Badajoz. Since Salamanca is ours, the army would pass through and continue to Badajoz. But we need to check the road network: Madrid [12] connects to [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza. Salamanca connects to [3],[4],[6],[12]. So from Madrid to Badajoz [4], the path could be Madrid -> Salamanca -> Badajoz. That path goes through Salamanca (ours). So the army would not stop at Salamanca; it would continue to Badajoz. But what is the travel time? It would be the sum of travel times: Madrid to Salamanca is 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast? Actually from Madrid to Salamanca: the report says for Madrid: "from here to your nearest border village [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? No, for Madrid it says: "[12] Madrid | BORDER with [8] (enemy) | ... from here to your nearest border village [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? Wait, let's read the report for Madrid: "[12] Madrid | BORDER with [8] (enemy) | wood 60 (+30/turn) | iron 40 (+20/turn) | effective defense (location bonus included): 23 | troops at home: 9 / 300 ... from here to your nearest border village [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That's again odd: Madrid's nearest border village is Cordoba? But Madrid itself is border. So it's the distance to another border village. It doesn't give distance to Salamanca. But we know from the road network that Madrid and Salamanca are connected. The distance might be 1 turn? Actually, looking at the map, Madrid is central, Salamanca is west. They are likely close. In the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" section, for Salamanca it says: "[7] Salamanca | BORDER with [3], [4] +1 (enemy) | ... march from [7] Salamanca: ..." and for Madrid it doesn't give distance to Salamanca. But we can infer from the fact that from Salamanca to Madrid is probably similar. In the "YOUR VILLAGES" section, each village lists "from here to your nearest border village [x]: ...". For Salamanca, it says: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns"? No, for Salamanca it says: "[7] Salamanca | BORDER with [3], [4] +1 (enemy) | ... from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns"? Actually let's read carefully:

[7] Salamanca | BORDER with [3], [4] +1 (enemy) | wood 60 (+30/turn) | iron 60 (+20/turn) | effective defense (location bonus included): 15 | troops at home: 6 / 300
    AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 6 archer, 0 knight (attack power if all sent: 12)
    from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns

So from Salamanca to Teruel is 3 slow/2 medium/1 fast. That's far. But to Madrid? Not given. However, we can see the road network: Salamanca connects to Madrid directly. The distance might be 1 turn? Actually, in the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" for Madrid, it says: "[12] Madrid | BORDER with [8] (enemy) | ... march from [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That's from Cordoba to Madrid. So Cordoba to Madrid is 1 turn. Salamanca to Madrid is probably also 1 turn? We don't have explicit numbers. But we can estimate. Since the game is turn-based, we need exact travel times. The report should provide the travel time from the sending village to the target if we want to attack. For enemy villages, it gives "march from [x]: ...". For example, for Badajoz: "march from [7] Salamanca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So from Salamanca to Badajoz is 2 slow. For Porto: "march from [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". For Coimbra: "march from [7] Salamanca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". For Toledo: "march from [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns", also from [12] Madrid? It says "march from [11] Cordoba: ...". It doesn't list from Madrid, but since Madrid is connected, it might be similar. For Sevilha: "march from [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".

So we have explicit march distances from our villages to enemy villages only for the nearest one listed. But we can send from any of our villages. The travel time will be the sum of times along the roads. We need to know the time between our villages. The report gives "from here to your nearest border village" for each of our villages, but that seems to be the distance to another border village, not necessarily the one we want. Actually, it might be the distance to the nearest border village that is not itself? For interior villages, it gives distance to nearest border. For border villages, it gives distance to another border village. This is confusing.

Let's re-read the "YOUR VILLAGES" section. For each village, it says: "from here to your nearest border village [x]: ...". For example, Barcelona: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". That means from Barcelona to Teruel (which is a border village) takes that many turns. Teruel is border with [8]. So that's the distance to a border village. For Salamanca, which is itself a border village, it says "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So it's giving the distance to another border village. So these are distances between our own villages. They are useful for reinforcing.

So we have a table of travel times between some of our villages. But we need times to enemy villages. The "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" section gives the march distance from the nearest our village to that enemy village. For example, for Badajoz, it says "march from [7] Salamanca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So we know that from Salamanca to Badajoz is 2 slow, 1 medium, 1 fast. If we want to send from another village, we would need to go via Salamanca, so the time would be time to Salamanca + time from Salamanca to Badajoz. But we must be careful: if we send from Madrid to Badajoz via Salamanca, the army will travel Madrid -> Salamanca -> Badajoz. The total time is the sum of the times for each leg. But we need to know the time from Madrid to Salamanca. Is it given? Not directly. But we can infer from the fact that from Salamanca to Madrid is probably the same as from Madrid to Salamanca. The report for Madrid says "from here to your nearest border village [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That doesn't give Madrid-Salamanca. However, we can look at the road network: Madrid connects to Salamanca. In the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" for Salamanca, it doesn't list Madrid as a visible village? Actually Salamanca is ours, so we see it. But the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" lists enemy villages we can see. It doesn't list our own villages. So we don't have a direct statement of Madrid-Salamanca time. But we can deduce from the fact that from Salamanca to Teruel is 3 slow/2 medium/1 fast. Teruel is east. Madrid is closer. Probably Madrid to Salamanca is 1 turn for all speeds? Let's check the map: Salamanca is west of Madrid. They are connected directly. In many such games, adjacent villages are 1 turn for fast, 2 for slow? Actually the distances given: Salamanca to Badajoz is 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So Badajoz is 2 slow turns away. That means the road is longer than a direct connection. Salamanca to Porto is 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast, so it's 1 slow turn. So direct connections can be 1 slow turn. So Madrid to Salamanca might be 1 slow turn? Or maybe 2? We don't know.

Given the ambiguity, maybe we should stick to attacking from the villages that are explicitly given as the march origin for the enemy village. That is the safest. So for Badajoz, attack from Salamanca. For Porto, attack from Salamanca (or Vigo if we can determine time). For Coimbra, attack from Salamanca. For Toledo, attack from Cordoba or Madrid or Teruel (the report gives from Cordoba: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast). For Sevilha, attack from Cordoba.

So Salamanca is the launch point for three villages. That's a lot of pressure on Salamanca. We need to reinforce Salamanca first, or build there. Salamanca currently has only 6 archers. We can send troops from other villages to Salamanca to reinforce it, then from there attack. But that takes time. For example, we could send troops from Madrid to Salamanca. Madrid has 3 archer, 6 knight. If we send them to Salamanca, they would take some time to arrive (maybe 1 turn). Then from Salamanca they can attack. But that delays the attack.

Alternatively, we can attack directly from other villages if we can determine the route. Let's try to determine travel times from our villages to enemy villages by using the road network and the given times. We have some data points:
- Salamanca to Badajoz: 2 slow, 1 medium, 1 fast.
- Salamanca to Porto: 1 slow, 1 medium, 1 fast.
- Salamanca to Coimbra: 2 slow, 1 medium, 1 fast.
- Cordoba to Toledo: 1 slow, 1 medium, 1 fast.
- Cordoba to Sevilha: 1 slow, 1 medium, 1 fast.
- Salamanca to Teruel (our village): 3 slow, 2 medium, 1 fast.
- Barcelona to Teruel: 3 slow, 2 medium, 1 fast.
- Madrid to Cordoba: 1 slow, 1 medium, 1 fast? (from Madrid's "nearest border village" it says Cordoba: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So Madrid to Cordoba is 1 turn for all? Actually it says "from here to your nearest border village [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So Madrid to Cordoba is 1 slow turn. That's interesting because Cordoba is south, Madrid is central. They are connected via roads? Madrid connects to [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza. Cordoba connects to [8], [9], [15]. So Madrid to Cordoba would go Madrid -> Toledo -> Cordoba? Or Madrid -> Zaragoza -> Valencia -> Cordoba? That seems long. But the report says 1 slow turn? That can't be right if they are not directly connected. Let's check the road network: Madrid [12] connects to [7], [8], [14], [17]. Cordoba [11] connects to [8], [9], [15]. So the shortest path from Madrid to Cordoba is Madrid -> [8] Toledo -> [11] Cordoba. That's two roads. So the travel time would be the sum of Madrid-Toledo and Toledo-Cordoba. If each is 1 slow turn, total 2 slow turns. But the report says 1 slow turn. That suggests that the "nearest border village" distance might be measured in a different way, or the report is giving the distance to the nearest border village that is not itself, but maybe it's the distance along the road network in terms of "turns" but it might be the number of edges? Actually, it says "turns", so it's time. Maybe Madrid to Cordoba is indeed 1 slow turn? That would mean the road network has a direct connection? But the road network list says Madrid: [7], [8], [14], [17]. Cordoba: [8], [9], [15]. So they share [8] Toledo. So they are connected via Toledo. The distance Madrid-Toledo and Toledo-Cordoba: we don't know those times. But from the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE", for Toledo it says "march from [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So Cordoba to Toledo is 1 slow turn. And from Madrid to Toledo? Not given. But if Madrid to Toledo is also 1 slow turn, then Madrid to Cordoba via Toledo would be 2 slow turns. But the report says Madrid to Cordoba is 1 slow turn. Contradiction. So maybe the "nearest border village" distance is not the sum of road travel times, but something else? Let's read the description: "from here to your nearest border village [x]: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". This is under each of our villages. It might be the distance to the nearest village that is a border village (i.e., has an enemy border). For interior villages, it's the distance to the closest border village. For border villages, it might be the distance to the next closest border village? But why would Madrid to Cordoba be 1 slow turn? That seems too short.

Let's look at the map: Madrid is in the center. Cordoba is in the south. On a typical map, they might be far. But the given times: from Salamanca to Teruel is 3 slow/2 medium/1 fast. Teruel is east. So that's a long distance. From Barcelona to Teruel is also 3 slow/2 medium/1 fast. So those are consistent. From Madrid to Cordoba is 1 slow? That would mean Cordoba is very close to Madrid. But Cordoba is border with [8] and [9]. Madrid is border with [8]. So they share the enemy [8] Toledo. So if Madrid to Cordoba is 1 slow turn, that means the road Madrid->Toledo->Cordoba is only 1 slow turn total? That would imply Madrid->Toledo is 0.5 turns? Not possible. So maybe the "nearest border village" distance is not the travel time along roads, but the number of villages away? No, it says "turns". 

Let's re-examine the text for Madrid: 
"[12] Madrid | BORDER with [8] (enemy) | wood 60 (+30/turn) | iron 40 (+20/turn) | effective defense (location bonus included): 23 | troops at home: 9 / 300
    AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 3 archer, 6 knight (attack power if all sent: 30)
    from here to your nearest border village [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"

So it says "from here to your nearest border village [11] Cordoba". Madrid itself is a border village (border with [8]). So its "nearest border village" might mean the nearest other border village? That would be Cordoba. And the distance is 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. That suggests that from Madrid, you can reach Cordoba in 1 turn for any speed. That implies the road from Madrid to Cordoba is very short. But according to the road network, they are not directly connected. Unless the road network list is not exhaustive? It says: "[12] Madrid: [7], [8], [14], [17]". So Madrid connects to Salamanca, Toledo, Burgos, Zaragoza. Cordoba connects to [8], [9], [15]. So to go from Madrid to Cordoba, you must go through Toledo [8]. So the path is Madrid -> Toledo -> Cordoba. The travel time would be Madrid->Toledo time + Toledo->Cordoba time. We know Toledo->Cordoba is 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast (from the "march from [11] Cordoba" for Toledo). So if Madrid->Toledo is also 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast, then total would be 2 slow/2 medium/2 fast? But the report says 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So maybe Madrid->Toledo is 0 turns? That doesn't make sense. Perhaps the "nearest border village" distance is measured in terms of the number of roads, but the time is given as if it's a direct road? Or maybe the report has an error. Alternatively, maybe "nearest border village" means the nearest village that is on the border, and the time given is the time to send troops from that village to the enemy? No, it says "from here to your nearest border village", so it's the time to travel from the current village to that border village.

Let's check another border village: Teruel. It says: "[13] Teruel | BORDER with [8] (enemy) | ... from here to your nearest border village [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? Actually for Teruel: "[13] Teruel | BORDER with [8] (enemy) | ... from here to your nearest border village [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? Let's read: 
"[13] Teruel | BORDER with [8] (enemy) | wood 60 (+30/turn) | iron 40 (+20/turn) | effective defense (location bonus included): 23 | troops at home: 9 / 300
    AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 1 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight (attack power if all sent: 21)
    from here to your nearest border village [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"

So Teruel to Cordoba is also 1 slow turn. Teruel connects to [8], [16], [17], [18]. Cordoba connects to [8], [9], [15]. So Teruel to Cordoba goes through [8] Toledo as well. So again, if both Madrid and Teruel to Cordoba are 1 slow turn, that suggests the distance through Toledo is negligible? Or maybe the "nearest border village" is not Cordoba for both? For Teruel, it says "[11] Cordoba". For Madrid, it says "[11] Cordoba". So both have Cordoba as nearest border village. And the time is 1 slow turn. That would mean from either, you can get to Cordoba in 1 slow turn. That implies that Toledo is not a bottleneck, or the time is measured differently.

Maybe the "nearest border village" is the border village that is closest in terms of travel time, and the time given is the time from that border village to the enemy? No, it says "from here to your nearest border village". So it's the time to reach that border village.

Let's look at an interior village: Barcelona. It says: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So Barcelona to Teruel is 3 slow turns. Teruel is a border village. So that's a long distance.

Now, if Madrid to Cordoba is 1 slow turn, but Madrid to Teruel? Not given. But we can guess.

Perhaps the road network is such that Madrid and Cordoba are connected by a direct road that is not listed? The road network list might be only the connections, but the travel time might be based on geography, not just number of edges. The given times are specific to each route. So we should trust the report: from Madrid to Cordoba is 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. That means if we send troops from Madrid to Cordoba, it takes 1 turn for slow troops. So we can use that.

Now, for attacking enemy villages, we need the time from our sending village to the enemy village. The report gives that for the nearest our village. For example, for Badajoz, it says march from Salamanca: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So if we want to attack Badajoz from Madrid, we would go Madrid -> Salamanca -> Badajoz. We need the time Madrid->Salamanca. Is that given? Not directly. But we can infer from the fact that Salamanca is a border village, and Madrid is a border village. The distance between them might be given in the "nearest border village" for one of them? For Salamanca, its nearest border village is Teruel (3 slow). For Madrid, its nearest border village is Cordoba (1 slow). So we don't have Madrid-Salamanca. But we can look at the road network: Madrid connects to Salamanca directly. So they are connected. The travel time might be 1 slow turn? Or 2? Let's see if there's any other clue. In the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" section, for Salamanca, it lists the enemy villages it can see: [3], [4], [6]. And gives march distances from Salamanca. It doesn't give from Madrid. But if we want to send from Madrid to Badajoz, the army would go Madrid -> Salamanca -> Badajoz. It would pass through Salamanca, which is ours, so it won't stop. The total time would be Madrid->Salamanca time + Salamanca->Badajoz time. If Madrid->Salamanca is 1 slow turn, and Salamanca->Badajoz is 2 slow turns, total 3 slow turns. That's a long time. If we send fast troops (knight), Madrid->Salamanca fast time? We don't know the fast time for that leg. The "nearest border village" times are given for slow, medium, fast. For Madrid to Cordoba: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So all speeds take 1 turn. That suggests the distance is very short, maybe just one road segment. So if Madrid to Cordoba is 1 turn, and Cordoba is south, then Madrid to Salamanca might also be 1 turn? But Salamanca is west. They are both connected to Madrid. It's plausible that both are 1 turn away. Then Madrid to Badajoz would be 1 (Madrid-Salamanca) + 2 (Salamanac-Badajoz) = 3 slow turns. That's a long time. But we could send knights: 1 fast turn to Salamanca, then 1 fast turn to Badajoz? Salamanca to Badajoz fast is 1 turn. So total 2 fast turns. That's better.

But we need to be careful: the army moves at the speed of its slowest troop. So if we send a mix, it's slow.

Given the complexity, maybe we should focus on the attacks we can do quickly: from Salamanca to Porto (1 turn for all speeds), from Cordoba to Toledo or Sevilha (1 turn), from Vigo to Porto (probably 1 turn). And we can build troops now to send next turn.

Let's think about our overall strategy. We need 18 villages. We have 15. We need 3 more. The enemy has 9. If we take 3, we have 18, enemy has 6. Then we need to hold for 2 turns. To hold, we need to defend our new villages against enemy counterattacks. The enemy will likely try to retake them. So we should capture villages that are not too heavily attacked from multiple directions, or we should capture them and then reinforce them heavily.

Which villages are most vulnerable to enemy counterattack? Badajoz is connected to Santarem, Faro, Sevilha, Toledo, Salamanca. So enemy can attack from several directions. Porto is connected to Coimbra, Salamanca, Vigo. Coimbra is connected to Santarem, Porto, Salamanca. So if we take all three, the enemy still has Santarem, Faro, Sevilha, Toledo, Lisboa, Evora. They could attack from those.

Maybe we should capture Toledo first? Toledo is a border village that connects to many of our villages (Madrid, Teruel, Cordoba). If we capture Toledo, we create a strong buffer. But Toledo has defense 28, which is high. We could attack from multiple directions: Cordoba, Madrid, Teruel. We could send from all three simultaneously? But remember: troops from different villages fight alone. So we would need each send to be strong enough to win individually. That might be difficult. But we could send from Cordoba (1 turn) and Madrid (maybe 1 turn?) and Teruel (1 turn?) all at once. They would arrive on the same turn? Actually if they all take 1 fast turn, they arrive next turn. They fight separately, but sequentially? The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So they fight one after the other. The first send fights the garrison, wins or loses. If it wins, it captures the village? Actually if you attack and win, you conquer the village. But if multiple sends arrive, the first one might capture it, and then the others would arrive at a village that is now yours? Or they would fight the new garrison? The rule says: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". If the village becomes yours after the first battle, then the subsequent armies might arrive and find it's yours, so they wouldn't fight? But they were ordered to attack that village. The rule: "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So if the first send captures it, the village becomes yours. The second send, if it was ordered to attack that same village, would it now be considered "a village YOU already own"? The orders are simultaneous, but the outcomes happen in sequence? The rule says: "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." So at the time of ordering, the village is enemy. But when the armies arrive, the situation might have changed. The rule about stopping at the first non-yours village: if the village is captured by the first army, it becomes yours. Then the second army, arriving later, would see it as yours and might join as reinforcements? But the rule says "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up... each send fights alone, one at a time." This implies that even if they arrive at the same time, they fight separately. But if the first one wins, the village is conquered. The second one might then fight the surviving troops from the first? Or it might just join? The rule isn't clear. But typically in such games, you should not send multiple armies to the same target simultaneously because they waste troops. So we should avoid that.

So we need to choose one village to attack per target, and send a strong enough army.

Let's consider our resources and builds. We have 146 troops. We can build more. We should build the types we need. Since we want to attack knight-heavy villages, we need spearmen. We have 36 spearmen already. We can build more. Spearmen cost 15 wood, 0 iron. We have plenty of wood. We can build spearmen in many villages. But they take 1 turn to build. So if we build this turn, they are ready next turn. We can send them next turn. But then they will take time to travel. For example, if we build spearmen at Salamanca this turn, next turn we can send them to Badajoz (2 slow turns), so they arrive turn 29. That's a long time. But we could also send existing archers now to capture quickly, then send spearmen later to reinforce. That might be a good approach: use fast troops to capture quickly, then follow up with spearmen to hold.

Let's list the enemy villages and their defenses:
- Badajoz: def 8, 3 knights. Easy.
- Porto: def 8, 1 archer, 2 knights. Easy.
- Coimbra: def 3, 1 knight. Very easy.
- Toledo: def 28, 5 archers, 6 knights. Medium.
- Sevilha: def 58, 7 spearmen, 10 archers, 6 knights. Hard.
- Faro: last seen 4 turns ago: 4 spearmen, 3 archers, 4 knights. Defense unknown, but probably around 20-30? It was last seen 4 turns ago, so it might have been reinforced. But we can't see it now.
- Santarem, Lisboa, Evora: unknown.

We need 3 villages. The easiest are Badajoz, Porto, Coimbra. If we take those three, we have 18. But we must hold them. The enemy might attack from other villages. Let's see the connectivity:
- If we take Badajoz, the enemy can attack it from Santarem [1], Faro [5], Sevilha [9], Toledo [8]. Also from our Salamanca.
- If we take Porto, enemy can attack from Coimbra [3] (if they still have it), and from? Porto connects to [3], [7], [10]. So if we also take Coimbra, then Porto only connects to our villages (Salamanca, Vigo) and maybe Santarem? Actually Porto connects to [3] Coimbra, [7] Salamanca, [10] Vigo. So if we take Coimbra, then Porto's only enemy neighbor would be... none, because Coimbra would be ours. So Porto would be safe from enemy attack except from the sea? Actually, if we hold both Porto and Coimbra, then the enemy cannot attack Porto directly because all roads to Porto go through our villages or Coimbra. Wait, check: Porto [6] connects to [3] Coimbra, [7] Salamanca, [10] Vigo. If we own Salamanca, Vigo, and Coimbra, then Porto is completely surrounded by our territory. The enemy cannot reach it without going through our villages. So Porto would be very safe. Similarly, Coimbra connects to [1] Santarem, [6] Porto, [7] Salamanca. If we own Porto and Salamanca, then Coimbra only has Santarem as enemy neighbor. So it's exposed to Santarem. Badajoz connects to [1] Santarem, [5] Faro, [4]? Actually Badajoz [4] connects to [1] Santarem, [5] Faro, [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha. So it has many enemy neighbors.

So if we capture Porto and Coimbra, they form a defensive cluster with Salamanca and Vigo. That would be secure. Badajoz is more exposed. But maybe we can capture Badajoz and then use it as a springboard to attack Santarem or Faro.

Alternatively, we could capture Toledo, which is a border village that connects to many of our villages. If we capture Toledo, our border with enemy shifts. Toledo connects to [4] Badajoz, [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel. So if we take Toledo, we would have a strong position. But Toledo has defense 28.

Let's think about the enemy's likely actions. King A has 9 villages. They will build troops. They might attack our border villages: Salamanca, Madrid, Teruel, Cordoba, Vigo. We need to defend these. We should send reinforcements to these border villages to increase their defense. We can also build troops in them.

We have many interior villages with resources. We can build troops there and send them to borders. But sending takes time.

Let's decide on a plan for this turn (turn 26). We need to output build orders and movement orders. We can do both.

We should aim to capture at least one village this turn to start the process. Since we need 3, we might need multiple turns. But we want to win as soon as possible.

What if we attack Coimbra from Salamanca? Coimbra has defense 3, 1 knight. We can send 6 archers from Salamanca. Attack = 12, defense = 3, easy win. We might lose some archers. But we would capture Coimbra. Then from Coimbra, we could attack Porto? But Porto is connected to Coimbra. If we take Coimbra, we can then attack Porto from Coimbra. But that would be next turn.

Similarly, we could attack Porto from Vigo. Vigo has 2 spear, 5 archer, 1 knight. If we send all, attack power 16, defense 8, win. But we might lose troops. We could send just the 5 archers: attack 10 > 8, win. That leaves the spear and knight at Vigo. That's good.

So we could attack Coimbra from Salamanca with 6 archers, and attack Porto from Vigo with 5 archers. Both would take 1 turn? Salamanca to Coimbra: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So archers (medium) take 1 turn? Actually the time given: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means if you send slow troops, it takes 2 turns; medium takes 1 turn; fast takes 1 turn. So if we send archers (medium), it takes 1 turn. So they would arrive on turn 27. Vigo to Porto: we don't know the time, but likely 1 turn for medium as well. So both attacks would arrive on turn 27. That would give us Coimbra and Porto on turn 27. Then we would have 17 villages. Still need 1 more. We could then attack Badajoz from Salamanca on turn 27? But Salamanca would have sent its archers to Coimbra, so it might be empty. We could build more troops at Salamanca on turn 26 (ready turn 27) and send them on turn 27 to Badajoz. Badajoz from Salamanca: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. If we send archers, it takes 1 medium turn, so they would arrive on turn 28. So on turn 28 we could capture Badajoz, reaching 18. Then on turn 29 we need to hold. That might work.

But we need to consider that the enemy will also be moving on turn 27. They might attack our border villages or reinforce their own. If we leave Salamanca empty after sending archers, the enemy might attack Salamanca? Salamanca is a border village with defense 15. It has no troops if we send all 6 archers. But we can leave some? We only have 6 archers there. If we send all 6, Salamanca has 0 troops. That's vulnerable. The enemy could attack Salamanca from Badajoz, Porto, Coimbra, or Toledo? Actually Salamanca connects to [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto, [12] Madrid. So if the enemy has troops in those villages, they could attack Salamanca. If we attack Coimbra and Porto, we might trigger enemy attacks from those villages? But they are enemy villages now; they might have troops that could attack Salamanca. However, the enemy doesn't know we are attacking. They might just defend. But they could send troops from Badajoz to Salamanca? Badajoz to Salamanca is 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast? Actually from Badajoz to Salamanca is the reverse: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So if they send troops, it takes time. They might send from Toledo? Toledo to Salamanca: via Madrid? Toledo connects to Madrid, and Madrid to Salamanca. So they could go Toledo -> Madrid -> Salamanca. But Madrid is ours, so they would have to fight Madrid first. So they would stop at Madrid. So Salamanca is relatively safe if Madrid is held.

But we should not leave Salamanca completely defenseless. We can send some troops from other villages to reinforce Salamanca. For example, Madrid has 3 archer, 6 knight. We could send some to Salamanca. Madrid to Salamanca: we need the time. If it's 1 turn, they would arrive on turn 27. That would reinforce Salamanca. But if we send them, Madrid becomes weaker. Madrid is a border village with Toledo. We need to balance.

Let's think about building. We can build troops this turn to replace losses and increase strength. We should build spearmen in interior villages because they are useful against knights. We have many wood resources. Let's see which villages have high wood and iron. Most have 30 wood, 20 iron per turn, but some have more stockpiles. For building, we need to consider the cap of 300. Our villages have low numbers, so we can build a lot.

We want to build spearmen for future attacks. We can build them in villages that will send them. For example, build spearmen in Salamanca to send to Badajoz later. But Salamanca has 0 spearman now. It can build spearman (15 wood). It has wood 60, iron 60. It can build up to 4 spearman? Actually 60 wood / 15 = 4 spearman. But it also produces 30 wood this turn, so it will have 90 wood? Wait, resources are produced every turn. The stockpile is what it has now. The production is added at the start of the turn? The report says "wood 60 (+30/turn)". That means it currently has 60 wood, and produces 30 per turn. So when we order builds, we use the current stock. So Salamanca can build 4 spearman now (cost 60 wood). It can also build archers or knights. But we want spearmen. So we can order 4 spearman at Salamanca. They will be ready next turn.

Similarly, we can build in other villages. Let's list our villages and what we might build:

- Barcelona: 22 troops, wood 30, iron 40. Can build spearman (15 wood) up to 2? Actually 30 wood / 15 = 2 spearman. Or archers (20 wood, 10 iron) up to 1 archer? 20 wood, 10 iron: it has 30 wood, 40 iron, so can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and have left. Or knight (30 wood, 30 iron) can build 1 knight. We might want to build archers or knights for defense? Barcelona is interior, far from enemy. It can build and then send troops to borders. But sending takes many turns. Maybe we should build troops and send them to Tarragona or Girona, then to Madrid? That's slow. Better to build in border villages directly.

- Tarragona: 15 troops, wood 30, iron 30. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) - exactly 1 knight if it uses all? Actually 30 wood, 30 iron: can build 1 knight. It has 0 spear, 14 archer, 1 knight. We might want to build spearman to counter knights. But Tarragona is interior, near Girona and Barcelona. It can send to Zaragoza then to Madrid? Distance is long.

- Girona: 23 troops, wood 30, iron 60. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 knights? 30 wood each, 30 iron each: it has 30 wood, so only 1 knight? Actually wood 30, so can build 1 knight (30 wood) and have 0 wood left, but iron 60 so plenty. Or 2 spearman (30 wood). We might build spearman.

- Castellon: 3 troops, wood 30, iron 40. Can build 2 spearman.

- Zaragoza: 3 troops, wood 30, iron 20. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 0 knight (needs 30 wood). So spearman or archer.

- Huesca: 13 troops, wood 30, iron 50. Can build 2 spearman or 1 archer or 1 knight? 30 wood for knight, so 1 knight.

- Valencia: 5 troops, wood 35, iron 40. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).

- Teruel: 9 troops, wood 60, iron 40. Border with Toledo. Can build 4 spearman (60 wood) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and have left. We might want to build spearman to attack Toledo? Toledo has many knights, so spearman good. Or we could build archers to defend against? Actually Teruel is border with Toledo (enemy). If enemy attacks Teruel, they might send knights? Toledo has 5 archers, 6 knights. So enemy most numerous is knight. So to defend Teruel, we want spearman? But defense uses defense values. The counter triangle applies when attacking. When defending, do we get a counter bonus? The rule: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It says "when you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle... Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So the counter bonus applies to the attacker's force. The defender does not get a counter bonus. So when defending, we just use our defense. So the troop type doesn't matter for defense except for their defense values. Spearman defense 2, archer defense 2, knight defense 2. All have same defense? Actually spearman: defense 2, archer: defense 2, knight: defense 2. So for defense, they are all equal. So it doesn't matter what we garrison with for defense, except for their attack power if they counterattack. So we can garrison with anything. But when we attack, we want the counter.

So for building, we should build the troop type that gives us the best attack for the target we plan to attack. Since we plan to attack knight-heavy villages, we should build spearmen.

- Madrid: 9 troops, wood 60, iron 40. Border with Toledo. Can build 4 spearman or 2 archers or 1 knight. We might build spearman to attack Toledo.

- Murcia: 8 troops, wood 30, iron 60. Interior. Can build 2 spearman or 1 archer or 1 knight? 30 wood for knight, so 1 knight.

- Pamplona: 9 troops, wood 30, iron 50. Can build 2 spearman or 1 archer or 1 knight.

- Burgos: 4 troops, wood 30, iron 30. Can build 2 spearman or 1 archer or 1 knight.

- Salamanca: 6 troops, wood 60, iron 60. Border with Badajoz, Porto, Coimbra. Can build 4 spearman (60 wood) or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). We want to build spearman for future attacks.

- Cordoba: 9 troops, wood 30, iron 30. Border with Toledo and Sevilha. Can build 2 spearman or 1 archer or 1 knight. We might build spearman to attack Toledo? Or knights to attack Sevilha? Sevilha has many archers, so knights counter archers. So for Sevilha, we want knights. For Toledo, we want spearmen. So we could build knights at Cordoba to attack Sevilha.

- Vigo: 8 troops, wood 35, iron 40. Border with Porto. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). We might build spearman to attack Porto.

So we have many options.

We also need to consider that we might want to attack multiple villages this turn. We can send armies from different villages. Let's plan a sequence:

Turn 26 (this turn): 
- Build troops in various villages to prepare for attacks.
- Send existing troops to attack easy targets to capture them quickly.
- Send reinforcements to border villages to defend.

We need to decide which villages to attack this turn. Since travel times vary, we might want to attack targets that are 1 turn away so we get them next turn. For example:
- Attack Coimbra from Salamanca with 6 archers (1 medium turn) -> arrives turn 27.
- Attack Porto from Vigo with 5 archers (assuming 1 medium turn) -> arrives turn 27.
- Attack Badajoz from Salamanca? But Salamanca only has 6 archers. If we send them to Coimbra, we can't also send to Badajoz. We could send from Madrid to Badajoz? Madrid to Badajza via Salamanca: time? If we send from Madrid, we need to know the time. Alternatively, we could send from Salamanca to Badajoz with the 6 archers, but then we don't take Coimbra. We could take Badajoz and Porto, and then next turn take Coimbra. But we need 3 villages. If we take Badajoz and Porto this turn (arriving turn 27), we have 17. Then on turn 28 we take Coimbra, reaching 18. Then hold on turn 29. That might work.

But we need to ensure we have enough troops to capture and hold. Let's evaluate the forces.

Option 1: Attack Badajoz from Salamanca with 6 archers. Attack = 12, defense = 8. Win. Losses? Unknown. We might lose some archers. After battle, surviving archers occupy Badajoz. If we lose, say, 3, we have 3 left. That's a weak garrison. The enemy could counterattack next turn from Toledo, Sevilha, etc. We could send reinforcements from other villages to Badajoz next turn. For example, from Madrid or Teruel. But they would take time to arrive.

Option 2: Attack Porto from Vigo with 5 archers. Attack = 10, defense = 8. Win. Losses maybe 2-3. Survivors occupy.

Option 3: Attack Coimbra from Salamanca with 6 archers. Attack = 12, defense = 3. Win with huge margin. Losses likely minimal. Survivors occupy.

So Coimbra is the easiest. Maybe we should take Coimbra first, then use it to attack Porto? But Coimbra to Porto: road connects. If we take Coimbra, we can next turn attack Porto from Coimbra (if we have troops there) or from Salamanca. But if we take Coimbra this turn, we have it on turn 27. Then on turn 27 we can order attacks from Coimbra or Salamanca to Porto. That would arrive turn 28. So we could have Porto on turn 28. Then Badajoz on turn 29? That might be too slow. We need to hold for 2 consecutive turns. If we get 18 on turn 29, we need to hold on turn 30. That's fine, but the game might end earlier? The win condition is holding for 2 consecutive turns. It doesn't say the game ends immediately when you reach 18; you have to hold for 2 turns. So if we reach 18 on turn 29, we need to survive turn 30. That's acceptable.

But we want to win fast. We could try to capture two villages this turn. Let's see if we can attack from multiple villages simultaneously.

We have Salamanca with 6 archers. We have Vigo with 2 spear, 5 archer, 1 knight. We have Cordoba with 2 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight. We have Madrid with 0 spear, 3 archer, 6 knight. We have Teruel with 1 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight. We have other villages with few troops.

We could send:
- From Salamanca: 6 archers to Coimbra (1 medium turn).
- From Vigo: 5 archers to Porto (1 medium turn?).
- From Cordoba: maybe attack Sevilha or Toledo? Cordoba to Sevilha: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. If we send the 6 archers from Cordoba, attack = 12, defense = 58, we lose badly. So not a good idea. Cordoba to Toledo: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. Send 6 archers? Attack 12, defense 28, lose. Send knights? Cordoba has 1 knight. Not enough. So Cordoba should probably just reinforce or build.

What about attacking Badajoz from Madrid? Madrid has 3 archer, 6 knight. If we send them, the army would travel Madrid -> Salamanca -> Badajoz. The time: we need to know Madrid->Salamanca time. Let's assume it's 1 turn for all speeds? Then total time: 1 (Madrid-Salamanca) + 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast (Salamanac-Badajoz). If we send knights (fast), Madrid->Salamanca fast: 1 turn? Salamanca->Badajoz fast: 1 turn. Total 2 fast turns. So they would arrive on turn 28. If we send archers (medium), Madrid->Salamanca medium: 1 turn? Salamanca->Badajoz medium: 1 turn. Total 2 medium turns, arrive turn 28. If we send a mix with slow troops, it takes longer. So from Madrid, we could reach Badajoz in 2 turns. That's not as fast as from Salamanca (2 slow turns? Actually Salamanca to Badajoz is 2 slow turns, so from Salamanca it takes 2 turns if we send slow troops, but 1 turn if we send medium/fast. So from Salamanca, archers take 1 turn. From Madrid, archers take 2 turns. So Salamanca is faster.

So for quick capture, we should use Salamanca for Badajoz or Coimbra, and Vigo for Porto.

But Salamanca only has 6 archers. We can only send one army from it this turn (or split them, but then each army is weaker). We could send 3 archers to Coimbra and 3 to Badajoz? Then each army has attack 6. Coimbra defense 3: 6 > 3, win. Badajoz defense 8: 6 < 8, lose (tie goes to defender). So we need at least 5 archers to beat Badajoz (attack 10 > 8). So we can't split 6 into two effective armies. We could send all 6 to Badajoz (attack 12) and none to Coimbra. Or all 6 to Coimbra (attack 12) and leave Badajoz for later.

We could also build more troops at Salamanca this turn. But they won't be ready to send this turn. They'll be ready next turn. So next turn, Salamanca could have more troops to send. For example, build 4 spearman at Salamanca this turn. Next turn, Salamanca will have 6 archers + 4 spearman = 10 troops. Then we can send them to Badajoz. But spearman are slow, so if we send a mix, it moves at slow speed. If we send only spearman, they take 2 slow turns to Badajoz, arriving turn 29. If we send only archers, they take 1 medium turn, arriving turn 28. So we could send the 6 archers on turn 27 to Badajoz, arriving turn 28. And then also send the 4 spearman on turn 27? But they would be in the same army? If we send both, the army moves at slow speed (2 turns), so they'd arrive turn 29. So better to send archers alone for speed.

So a possible plan:
Turn 26: 
- Build 4 spearman at Salamanca (ready turn 27).
- Build other troops elsewhere.
- Send Salamanca's 6 archers to Coimbra (1 medium turn, arrive turn 27). Capture Coimbra.
- Send Vigo's 5 archers to Porto (1 medium turn, arrive turn 27). Capture Porto.
- Send reinforcements to border villages? Maybe send Burgos's 2 archer, 2 knight to Madrid? Or something.

Then on turn 27:
- Salamanca has 4 spearman (newly built) and maybe other troops? We might have sent reinforcements to Salamanca from elsewhere. We can then send the 4 spearman to Badajoz? But spearman take 2 slow turns, so arrive turn 29. Or we could send them to reinforce Coimbra? Coimbra is now ours. We could send them to Coimbra to defend. Or we could build more archers at Salamanca on turn 27 and send them to Badajoz (1 medium turn, arrive turn 28). So we could have archers capture Badajoz on turn 28.

But we need to consider the enemy's actions on turn 27. They might attack our newly captured villages. If we capture Coimbra and Porto on turn 27, the enemy might try to retake them on turn 27 or 28. They don't know we attacked, but they might have general orders. We need to have enough troops in those villages to hold. After capturing, our surviving troops remain. If we send 6 archers to Coimbra, and we win with maybe 4 left, then Coimbra has 4 archers. That might not be enough to hold against a counterattack from Santarem. Santarem is enemy, connects to Coimbra. If the enemy sends troops from Santarem to Coimbra, they could take it back. So we should reinforce Coimbra quickly. We could send reinforcements from Salamanca on turn 27 (the spearman we built). Or from somewhere else.

Similarly, Porto: if we send 5 archers from Vigo, we might have 3 left. Porto is connected to Coimbra (now ours) and Salamanca (ours) and Vigo (ours). So the only enemy neighbor is if Coimbra is still enemy? But we took Coimbra. So Porto is surrounded by our territory. The enemy cannot attack Porto directly without going through our villages. So Porto is safe! That's a great insight. If we capture both Coimbra and Porto, then Porto is only connected to Coimbra (ours), Salamanca (ours), Vigo (ours). So no enemy can attack Porto. So once we have Porto and Coimbra, Porto is completely safe. Coimbra, however, is connected to Santarem [1] (enemy). So Coimbra is still under threat from Santarem. But if we also capture Santarem, then Coimbra is safe. Or we can reinforce Coimbra heavily.

So capturing Porto and Coimbra is a good first step. Then we need a third village. Badajoz is connected to many enemies. But if we capture Badajoz, it's connected to Santarem, Faro, Sevilha, Toledo, and our Salamanca. So it's exposed. Maybe we should capture Toledo instead? Toledo is connected to Badajoz, Cordoba, Madrid, Teruel. If we capture Toledo, then our borders shift. Toledo would be connected to our villages (Madrid, Teruel, Cordoba) and enemy villages (Badajoz, Sevilha? Actually Toledo connects to [4] Badajoz, [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel. So if we own Cordoba, Madrid, Teruel, then Toledo is surrounded by our territory except for Badajoz. So Toledo would only be exposed to Badajoz. If we also capture Badajoz, then Toledo is safe. So capturing Toledo and Badajoz would secure that whole region.

But Toledo has defense 28, which is high. We need a strong army to take it. We could attack from Cordoba, Madrid, or Teruel. We could send from all three? But they fight separately. We could send from Cordoba with a mix that gives counter bonus. Toledo garrison: 5 archers, 6 knights. Most numerous: knight. So we want spearmen to counter. Cordoba has 2 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight. If we send all, most numerous is archer (6), which does not counter knight. Attack: spear 2, archer 12, knight 4 = 18. Defense 28. Lose. If we send only the 2 spear and 1 knight? That's 2 attack + 4 = 6, worse. If we build spearmen at Cordoba, we could have more spearmen. Cordoba can build 2 spearman this turn (wood 30). So next turn it would have 4 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight. If we send only spearmen (4), attack = 4 * 1 = 4, no bonus because most numerous is spearman? But enemy most numerous is knight, so spearman counters knight, bonus 1.5x. Attack = 4 * 1.5 = 6. Still too weak. We need more spearmen. We could build more in other villages and send them to Cordoba. But that takes time.

Maybe we should attack Toledo from Madrid. Madrid has 0 spear, 3 archer, 6 knight. If we send all, most numerous is knight (6). Knight vs knight? No counter. Attack: 6*4=24, plus archer 6, total 30. Defense 28. 30 > 28, win! But we don't get counter bonus. That might work. But Madrid's troops would be lost? We need to check losses. If we send 3 archer and 6 knight from Madrid to Toledo, attack 30, defense 28, we win. But we might lose troops. After battle, we occupy Toledo. But then Madrid is left with 0 troops. Madrid is a border village with Toledo (now ours) and Salamanca (ours) and Burgos (ours) and Zaragoza (ours). So Madrid would be safe if we hold those. But the enemy could attack Madrid from Toledo? But Toledo is now ours. So Madrid is safe. However, we need to consider that the enemy might have other troops. But it's a risk.

Alternatively, we could attack from Teruel. Teruel has 1 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight. If we send all, most numerous archer (6). Attack: spear 1, archer 12, knight 8 = 21. Defense 28, lose. If we build spearmen at Teruel (can build 4 spearman), next turn it has 5 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight. If we send all, most numerous still archer? 6 archer vs 5 spear, so archer most numerous. Attack: 5 + 12 + 8 = 25, still < 28. If we send only spearmen (5), attack = 5 * 1.5 = 7.5? No, 5*1=5, with bonus 7.5? Actually 5 * 1.5 = 7.5, but troops are integer, so maybe 7 or 8. Still too weak. So Teruel is not ready for Toledo.

So Madrid might be our best shot for Toledo. But we need to ensure we have enough troops to win and survive. Let's calculate more precisely. Madrid has 3 archer (attack 2 each = 6) and 6 knight (attack 4 each = 24). Total attack = 30. No counter bonus because most numerous is knight, and enemy most numerous is knight, so no counter. Effective attack = 30. Enemy defense = 28. We win. Attrition: winner takes losses against loser's effective force. Loser's effective force is their defense? Or their attack? The rule says "attrition against the loser's effective force". The loser's effective force is the one they used in the battle. For defender, it's their defense. So we take losses equal to the enemy's defense? That would be 28 losses! That would wipe out our entire army of 9 troops. That can't be right. In the previous turn, we attacked Salamanca and lost only 2 troops. So the attrition is not equal to the loser's effective force. It must be a fraction or based on something else. The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." It might mean that the winner's losses are equal to the loser's effective force divided by something, or that the winner loses a number of troops proportional to the loser's force. Since we don't have the exact formula, we have to infer from the report. Last turn: "You attacked [7] Salamanca: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 2 troops)". We don't know the forces, but Salamanca's defense was 15 (effective defense included). We attacked with something. If we had sent, say, 10 troops, and lost 2, that's 20% losses. So maybe losses are 10% or something? Or maybe it's based on the difference. Without the formula, we have to be cautious and assume we will lose some troops, but not all. In many such games, losses are a percentage of the army, or the loser's force divided by the winner's force times something. Since we don't know, we should send more troops than the minimum to have a buffer.

For Toledo, if we send 9 troops from Madrid, we might lose some, but we could still have a few left to occupy. But if we lose too many, we might not have a garrison. We could send reinforcements from other villages to Toledo after capture. For example, from Teruel or Cordoba.

But maybe we should focus on easier targets first. Let's consider capturing Badajoz, Porto, Coimbra. That gives us 18. But we need to hold them. Let's see if we can hold them.

If we capture Porto and Coimbra on turn 27, we have 17. Then we need one more. We could capture Badajoz on turn 28. On turn 28, we would have 18. Then on turn 29, we need to hold. The enemy might attack our villages on turn 28 or 29. We need to have enough troops to defend.

Let's plan a turn-by-turn strategy.

Turn 26 (this turn):
- Build: 
  - Salamanca: build 4 spearman (ready turn 27). Cost: 60 wood. (Salamanca has 60 wood, 60 iron)
  - Vigo: build 2 spearman (ready turn 27). Cost: 30 wood. (Vigo has 35 wood, 40 iron)
  - Cordoba: build 2 spearman (ready turn 27). Cost: 30 wood. (Cordoba has 30 wood, 30 iron)
  - Madrid: build 4 spearman? Madrid has 60 wood, 40 iron. Can build 4 spearman (60 wood). Or build knights? We'll see.
  - Teruel: build 4 spearman (60 wood).
  - Other villages: build as needed.
- Movements:
  - From Salamanca: send 6 archers to Coimbra [3]. (1 medium turn, arrive turn 27)
  - From Vigo: send 5 archers to Porto [6]. (assume 1 medium turn, arrive turn 27)
  - From Burgos: send 2 archer, 2 knight to Madrid [12] to reinforce Madrid? Burgos to Madrid: road: Burgos [14] connects to [10] Vigo, [12] Madrid, [19] Pamplona. So Burgos to Madrid is direct. Time? From Burgos, the report says: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So Burgos to Madrid is 1 turn for all speeds. So we can send reinforcements quickly. We might want to reinforce Madrid because it's a border village. But Madrid currently has 9 troops. If we send Burgos's 4 troops, Madrid will have 13. That's good.
  - From Pamplona: send some troops to Madrid or Teruel? Pamplona to Madrid: road: Pamplona [19] connects to [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza, [20] Huesca. Not directly to Madrid. So to go to Madrid, it would go Pamplona -> Burgos -> Madrid. That's 2 turns. Or Pamplona -> Zaragoza -> Madrid? Zaragoza to Madrid: road: Zaragoza [17] connects to [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, etc. So Pamplona to Zaragoza is 1 turn? Pamplona to Zaragoza: road? Pamplona [19] connects to [17] Zaragoza? Yes, [19] connects to [17]. So Pamplona -> Zaragoza -> Madrid. Zaragoza to Madrid: from Zaragoza's "nearest border village" it says: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? Actually for Zaragoza: "[17] Zaragoza | INTERIOR (no enemy border) | ... from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So Zaragoza to Madrid is 1 turn. So Pamplona to Madrid via Zaragoza would be 2 turns. So not fast. Better to send from Burgos.

  - From Zaragoza: send some troops to Madrid? Zaragoza to Madrid is 1 turn. Zaragoza has 0 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight. We could send them to reinforce Madrid. But they are few.
  - From Teruel: send some troops to Madrid? Teruel to Madrid: road: Teruel [13] connects to [12] Madrid? Yes, [13] connects to [12]. So Teruel to Madrid is direct. Time? For Teruel, it says: "from here to your nearest border village [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That's to Cordoba, not Madrid. But Teruel to Madrid is probably also 1 turn? Actually, Teruel connects to [8], [16], [17], [18]. Madrid connects to [7], [8], [14], [17]. So Teruel to Madrid could go Teruel -> [8] Toledo -> Madrid, or Teruel -> [17] Zaragoza -> Madrid. The shortest might be via Toledo, but Toledo is enemy, so the army would stop at Toledo. So we cannot send from Teruel to Madrid directly without passing through an enemy village. If we send from Teruel to Madrid, the army would go Teruel -> Toledo (enemy) and stop there, attacking Toledo instead. So we cannot reinforce Madrid from Teruel directly unless we go via Zaragoza, which is longer. So Teruel should not send to Madrid.

  - From Valencia: send to Teruel? Valencia [16] connects to [13] Teruel, [15] Murcia, [18] Castellon. So Valencia to Teruel is direct. Time? For Valencia: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So 1 turn. Valencia has 3 spear, 0 archer, 2 knight. We could send them to reinforce Teruel. Teruel is a border village with Toledo. It's good to reinforce it.

  - From Castellon: send to Teruel? Castellon [18] connects to [13] Teruel, [16] Valencia, [21] Tarragona. So Castellon to Teruel is direct. Time? For Castellon: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So 2 slow, 1 medium, 1 fast. So medium/fast take 1 turn. Castellon has 2 spear, 0 archer, 1 knight. We could send them to Teruel.

  - From Huesca: send to Teruel? Huesca [20] connects to [17] Zaragoza, [19] Pamplona, [23] Girona. Not directly to Teruel. So would need to go via Zaragoza, then to Teruel? Zaragoza to Teruel: road? Zaragoza [17] connects to [13] Teruel? Yes, [17] connects to [13]. So Huesca -> Zaragoza -> Teruel. That's 2 turns.

So we have many options for reinforcements. We need to decide which border villages to reinforce. Our border villages are: Salamanca, Madrid, Teruel, Cordoba, Vigo. Also, after we capture Coimbra and Porto, they become border villages? Coimbra will be border with Santarem. Porto will be interior (surrounded by ours). So we need to reinforce Coimbra after capture.

Let's prioritize: We want to capture Coimbra and Porto this turn. To do that, we send archers from Salamanca and Vigo. That will leave Salamanca with 0 troops (unless we leave some). But we can build spearman at Salamanca this turn, which will be ready next turn. So next turn, Salamanca will have 4 spearman. That's a garrison. But if the enemy attacks Salamanca on turn 27, they might take it before the spearman are ready? Actually, the enemy's turn 27 orders are written simultaneously with ours on turn 26. So they don't know we sent troops from Salamanca. They might attack Salamanca. If they attack Salamanca on turn 27, our Salamanca will have 0 troops? Wait, the troops we send are on the march. They leave Salamanca at the start of turn 26? The timing: We give orders. The troops are sent. They are no longer at Salamanca. So for turn 26, Salamanca's garrison is reduced. The enemy's orders for turn 26 are based on the snapshot at the start of turn 26, when Salamanca had 6 archers. So if the enemy decides to attack Salamanca on turn 26, they will see the 6 archers? Actually, the snapshot is the map as it is now. The enemy writes their orders based on what they see. They see Salamanca with 6 archers. So they might not attack if they think it's strong. But they might attack anyway. If they attack, they will send troops. Their troops will take time to arrive. Our troops we send to Coimbra will also take time. The battle might happen at Salamanca if the enemy arrives there. But if we send all troops away, Salamanca will have 0 troops when the enemy arrives? Actually, the troops we send are on the road. They are not in the village. So if the enemy attacks Salamanca, they will find it empty? Or do the troops we send count as defending the village until they leave? Typically, once you send troops, they are no longer in the village. So the village's defense is reduced to whatever is left. If we send all 6 archers, Salamanca has 0 troops. Its effective defense is still 15? The defense value is based on the village and any troops? The report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 15". That likely includes the troops? Actually, the effective defense is a number that includes the location bonus and the troops? The report says: "effective defense (location bonus included): 15 | troops at home: 6". So the 15 is the defense with the current troops? Or is it the location bonus only? The note says: "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again." So the effective defense is the number we should use in combat calculations. It likely already accounts for the troops at home. So if we send troops away, the effective defense would decrease? The report gives the current effective defense based on current troops. If we send troops away, the defense will be lower. But the enemy uses the snapshot from the start of the turn, which includes our troops. So if the enemy attacks, they will use the defense value that includes our troops. But when the battle happens, our troops might be gone? That's a timing issue. The rules: "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." So the enemy's orders are based on the current map. If they decide to attack Salamanca, they will send troops. Their troops will march and arrive later. Meanwhile, our troops may have left. When the enemy arrives, they will fight whatever troops are there. If we sent all troops away, the village might be empty, and the enemy would capture it without a fight? Or they would still face the village's location bonus? The rules: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs." The defender is the village's garrison. If there is no garrison, what is the defense? Probably just the location bonus? But the effective defense given includes the location bonus and the troops. So if no troops, the defense would be lower. The enemy might see the lower defense? But they ordered based on the higher defense. This is a common fog of war issue. Since the game is simultaneous, the enemy might attack expecting a certain defense, but if we moved troops, they might find it weaker. That could be an advantage. But it's risky.

To be safe, we should not leave our border villages completely empty. We should leave at least some troops, or send reinforcements from elsewhere to arrive before the enemy. But we can't control the enemy's orders.

Let's think about what the enemy might do. King A has 9 villages. They will likely build troops and may attack our border villages. Which ones are most likely? They might attack Salamanca from Badajoz, Porto, Coimbra. They might attack Madrid from Toledo. They might attack Teruel from Toledo. They might attack Cordoba from Toledo or Sevilha. They might attack Vigo from Porto.

We need to ensure our border villages have enough troops to hold against possible attacks. We can reinforce them by sending troops from interior villages. We have many interior villages with few troops. We can send them to borders.

Let's decide on a comprehensive plan for turn 26.

Goals:
1. Capture Coimbra (easy) and Porto (easy) to secure the northwest.
2. Strengthen our borders against enemy counterattacks.
3. Prepare to capture a third village (maybe Badajoz or Toledo) next turn.

We need to choose which troops to send where.

First, let's list all our available troops and where we can send them. We can send from any village. We should avoid sending from villages that need to defend themselves.

Let's consider the enemy's possible attack routes to our villages:
- Salamanca: can be attacked from Badajoz, Porto, Coimbra, and via Madrid from Toledo? Actually, to attack Salamanca, enemy must send troops from one of their villages connected to Salamanca: Badajoz, Porto, Coimbra. They could also go via Madrid if they capture Madrid? But Madrid is ours. So direct attacks from Badajoz, Porto, Coimbra.
- Madrid: can be attacked from Toledo (direct), or from Salamanca (if enemy captures it), or from Burgos (if enemy captures it), or from Zaragoza (if enemy captures it). So mainly from Toledo.
- Teruel: can be attacked from Toledo (direct), or from Valencia, Zaragoza, Castellon (if enemy captures them). So mainly from Toledo.
- Cordoba: can be attacked from Toledo (direct) or Sevilha (direct). Also from Murcia (if enemy captures).
- Vigo: can be attacked from Porto (direct). Also from Burgos (if enemy captures).

So the main threats are from Toledo to Madrid, Teruel, Cordoba; from Sevilha to Cordoba; from Badajoz, Porto, Coimbra to Salamanca; from Porto to Vigo.

If we capture Porto and Coimbra, those threats to Salamanca and Vigo are eliminated because those villages become ours. So capturing Porto and Coimbra actually secures Salamanca and Vigo! That's a big plus. After we capture Porto and Coimbra, Salamanca's only enemy neighbor is Badajoz. Vigo's only enemy neighbor is gone (Porto becomes ours). So Salamanca and Vigo become much safer.

So attacking Porto and Coimbra is doubly beneficial: we gain 2 villages and we secure our borders.

Now, after capturing them, we need to hold them. Coimbra will be connected to Santarem [1] (enemy). So Coimbra could be attacked from Santarem. We need to reinforce Coimbra. We can send troops from Salamanca to Coimbra after capture. Or we can send from somewhere else.

Porto will be connected only to our villages, so it's safe.

So on turn 26, we should send troops to capture Coimbra and Porto. We should also send reinforcements to our other border villages to hold against attacks this turn. The enemy might attack our villages this turn (turn 26) before we capture Porto/Coimbra? The attacks happen simultaneously. So if the enemy attacks Salamanca this turn, our troops that we send to Coimbra might not be there to help. But if we send from Salamanca to Coimbra, we reduce Salamanca's defense. So we need to balance.

Maybe we should not send all troops from Salamanca. We could send only 3 archers to Coimbra, leaving 3 archers to defend Salamanca. But 3 archers attack 6, defense of Coimbra is 3, so we win. But we might lose some. Let's calculate: 3 archers attack = 6. Coimbra defense = 3. Win. Attrition: we might lose some. If we lose 1 or 2, we have 1 or 2 left. That's a weak garrison. But we can reinforce later. However, if we leave 3 archers in Salamanca, its defense is higher. Salamanca's effective defense with 3 archers? The report says with 6 archers, defense is 15. The location bonus is included. The defense value of each archer is 2. So with 6 archers, defense from troops = 6*2 = 12. Location bonus = 15 - 12 = 3? Actually, the effective defense is 15. If we have 3 archers, troop defense = 6. Location bonus might be 3? Then total defense = 9. Or maybe the location bonus is different. The rule: "Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital)." So the effective defense in the report already includes that bonus. So if Salamanca is a village, its base defense from troops is multiplied by 1.25. So if we have 6 archers, base defense = 6 * 2 = 12. With 1.25 bonus = 15. So that matches. If we have 3 archers, base defense = 6, with bonus = 7.5, rounded to 7 or 8? The report would show that. So if we leave 3 archers, Salamanca's defense becomes lower. The enemy might attack and take it. So we need to decide.

What if we send from Vigo to Porto, and from Salamanca to Coimbra, but we also send reinforcements from interior villages to Salamanca to compensate? For example, send from Madrid to Salamanca? Madrid to Salamanca: we need the time. If it's 1 turn, they would arrive on turn 27. So on turn 27, Salamanca would have reinforcements. But on turn 26, the enemy might attack Salamanca. Their troops would arrive on turn 27 or later depending on speed. If they attack from Badajoz (2 slow turns), they would arrive on turn 28. So we have time.

Let's assume the enemy's attack timing: if they send from Badajoz to Salamanza, it takes 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So if they send knights (fast), it takes 1 turn, arrive turn 27. If they send archers (medium), 1 turn, arrive turn 27. If they send spearmen (slow), 2 turns, arrive turn 28. So the fastest they can arrive is turn 27. So on turn 27, Salamanca might be attacked. If we send all troops from Salamanca on turn 26, it will be empty on turn 27. But we could send reinforcements from somewhere that arrive on turn 27. For example, from Madrid to Salamanca: if Madrid to Salamanca is 1 turn, we can send troops from Madrid on turn 26, they arrive turn 27. So they would be there to defend. So we can coordinate.

Let's determine Madrid to Salamanca time. We don't have it explicitly. But we can infer from the road network: Madrid [12] connects to [7] Salamanca. So they are directly connected. The distance is likely 1 turn for all speeds? Let's check other direct connections: Salamanca to Porto: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So direct connections can be 1 turn. Salamanca to Badajoz: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast, so that's not direct? Actually Salamanca to Badajoz is a direct road? The road network says Salamanca: [3], [4], [6], [12]. So Badajoz is [4], so it's directly connected. But the time is 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So even direct connections can have different times based on distance. So Madrid to Salamanca could be 1 or 2 turns. We need to know. Let's look at the "nearest border village" distances for clues. For Madrid, it says "from here to your nearest border village [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That's to Cordoba, which is not directly connected (goes via Toledo). So that time is for a route via another village. So it's not a direct connection time. For Salamanca, it says "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". That's to Teruel, which is far. So those are long distances.

We need the Madrid-Salamanca time. Maybe we can deduce from the fact that from Salamanca to Madrid is likely similar to Salamanca to Porto? Porto is 1 slow turn. Madrid might be 1 slow turn as well? Or 2? Let's look at the map: Salamanca is in the west, Madrid is in the center. They are relatively close. In many maps, they are adjacent. I'll assume Madrid to Salamanca is 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn. That seems reasonable. But we must be careful. If it's 2 slow turns, then sending from Madrid would take longer.

We can also send from Burgos to Salamanca? Burgos to Salamanca: road? Burgos [14] connects to [10] Vigo, [12] Madrid, [19] Pamplona. Not directly to Salamanca. So would need to go via Madrid. So that's longer.

We can send from Zaragoza to Salamanca? Zaragoza to Madrid to Salamanca.

So the fastest reinforcement for Salamanca would be from Madrid if the distance is 1 turn.

Let's check the report for Madrid: it doesn't list Salamanca as a visible enemy village, but it's our village. We see our own villages. The "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" section lists only enemy villages we can see from our villages. It doesn't list our own. So we don't have the march distance from Madrid to Salamanca explicitly. But we can estimate. Since the game is turn-based, we might need to just send and see. But we can't see the result until next turn. So we need to make a decision.

Perhaps we can avoid the issue by not stripping Salamanca completely. We could send only 3 archers to Coimbra, leaving 3 archers in Salamanca. Then Salamanca still has some defense. And we can build 4 spearman at Salamanca this turn, which will be ready next turn. So next turn, Salamanca will have 3 archers + 4 spearman = 7 troops. That's better. And we can also send reinforcements from Madrid to Salamanca if we want.

But if we send only 3 archers to Coimbra, we might not have enough to capture? 3 archers attack 6, Coimbra defense 3, win. We should win, but we might lose some. Let's assume we lose 1 or 2. So we might have 1 or 2 left in Coimbra. That's weak. But we can send more next turn.

Alternatively, we could send all 6 archers to Coimbra, and send reinforcements from Madrid to Salamanca (3 archer, 6 knight?) to arrive on turn 27. That would give Salamanca 9 troops on turn 27. But Madrid would be left with 0 troops. Madrid is a border village with Toledo. If the enemy attacks Madrid on turn 26, they would find it empty? But they ordered based on snapshot with 9 troops. If they attack, they might arrive on turn 27 (if fast). If Madrid is empty on turn 27, they could capture it. That's risky. So we shouldn't leave Madrid empty.

We could send only part of Madrid's troops. For example, send 3 archers from Madrid to Salamanca, leaving 6 knight in Madrid. That gives Madrid 6 knights, which is a decent defense. And Salamanca gets 3 archers. Then on turn 27, Salamanca would have 3 archers (if we didn't send its own) plus the 3 from Madrid = 6 archers. But we also want to send from Salamanca to Coimbra. So we need to coordinate.

Let's think about the overall picture. We have 15 villages. We need to capture 3. We can capture Coimbra and Porto easily. For the third, we could capture Badajoz. But Badajoz is connected to many enemies. Maybe we should capture Toledo instead, because it's a key village that connects to many of ours. If we capture Toledo, we create a strong defensive line. But Toledo is harder.

Let's evaluate the strength of our armies. We have 146 troops. The enemy has some troops. We don't know their total. But we can see their garrisons: Toledo (11), Badajoz (3), Porto (3), Coimbra (1), Sevilha (23), Faro (11 last seen). So total visible enemy troops = 52. They may have more in unexplored villages. They also produce resources and build. So they are not weak.

We need to be efficient. Let's consider a bold move: attack Toledo from multiple directions simultaneously? But as said, multiple sends fight separately. We could send from Cordoba, Madrid, and Teruel. But each needs to be strong enough to win individually. Let's see if we can make one send strong enough. From Madrid, we have 3 archer, 6 knight. Attack 30 vs defense 28. We win, but we might lose troops. If we lose, say, 5 troops, we have 4 left to occupy. That's something. But we need to ensure Madrid is not left defenseless. We could send only the 6 knights from Madrid? Attack 24 vs 28, lose. Send 3 archer and 5 knight? Attack 6 + 20 = 26 vs 28, lose. Send 3 archer and 6 knight = 30, win. So we need all 9. But then Madrid is empty. We could reinforce Madrid from elsewhere. For example, from Burgos (4 troops) or Zaragoza (3 troops). Burgos to Madrid is 1 turn. So we could send Burgos's troops to Madrid on turn 26, they arrive turn 27. So on turn 27, Madrid would have those reinforcements. But if the enemy attacks Madrid on turn 26, their troops would arrive on turn 27 (if fast). If Madrid is empty on turn 27, but the reinforcements arrive on turn 27, there might be a battle? The timing: The enemy army and our reinforcements might arrive on the same turn. The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if the enemy attacks Madrid and our reinforcements arrive, they would fight separately? Actually, the enemy is attacking Madrid. Our reinforcements are arriving at Madrid. If Madrid is empty, the enemy army would arrive and find no garrison? But our reinforcements are also arriving. The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". For the enemy, Madrid is not theirs, so they stop and fight. For our reinforcements, they are going to Madrid which is ours, so they join the garrison. But if both happen on the same turn, how is it resolved? The rule says "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS". So both armies are on the move. The enemy army arrives at Madrid. Our reinforcements arrive at Madrid. Do they fight? The rule: "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there... Your own armies never fight each other: they pass freely." But here one is attacking, one is reinforcing. The village is ours. The enemy army arrives to attack. Our reinforcements arrive to reinforce. They might meet on the road? If they arrive at the same time, they could meet on the road outside the village? The rule doesn't specify. It might be that the enemy army attacks the village, and the reinforcements are there to defend. But since the village was empty at the start of the turn? Actually, the snapshot at the start of turn 26 had troops in Madrid. The enemy ordered based on that. Our orders to send reinforcements and to send troops away are simultaneous. The outcome could be that the enemy fights the troops that are there when they arrive. If we sent all troops away, the village is empty. But our reinforcements might arrive at the same time. In many games, the reinforcements would arrive and then the battle happens. Or the battle happens when the enemy arrives, and if the village is empty, they capture it, then our reinforcements arrive and find it enemy? That would be bad.

To avoid such complexities, it's safer to not leave a border village completely empty if it might be attacked. We should leave a holding force.

Given the uncertainty, maybe we should focus on the easiest wins and not take big risks. Let's try to capture Coimbra and Porto, and also Badajoz, by using a step-by-step approach.

Plan for turn 26:
- Build spearman in several villages to prepare for next attacks.
- Send from Salamanca: 6 archers to Coimbra. (We accept that Salamanca becomes empty, but we will reinforce it next turn from somewhere.)
- Send from Vigo: 5 archers to Porto. (Vigo left with 2 spear, 1 knight.)
- Send from Burgos: 2 archer, 2 knight to Salamanca to reinforce it. (Burgos to Salamanca: via Madrid? Burgos to Madrid is 1 turn, Madrid to Salamanca is ? If Madrid to Salamanca is 1 turn, total 2 turns. So they would arrive on turn 28. That's too slow if the enemy attacks on turn 27. So maybe send from Madrid instead.)
- Send from Madrid: 3 archer to Salamanca? But then Madrid has 6 knight. Madrid to Salamanca: if 1 turn, arrive turn 27. That's good. So send 3 archer from Madrid to Salamanca. Leave 6 knight in Madrid.
- Send from Zaragoza: 2 archer, 1 knight to Madrid? To reinforce Madrid? But Madrid already has 6 knight. Maybe not needed.
- Send from Teruel: 1 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight? We might want to send some to reinforce Teruel? Or send to attack Toledo? But we decided not yet.
- Send from Cordoba: maybe send some to reinforce Cordoba? Cordoba is border with Toledo and Sevilha. It has 9 troops. We could send from Murcia to Cordoba? Murcia to Cordoba: road? Murcia [15] connects to [11] Cordoba? Yes, [15] connects to [11]. So Murcia to Cordoba is direct. Time? For Murcia: "from here to your nearest border village [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So 1 turn. Murcia has 2 spear, 2 archer, 4 knight. We could send them to Cordoba to reinforce. But Cordoba already has 9. Maybe we send to Salamanca instead.

Let's prioritize reinforcing Salamanca because we are stripping it. We need to get troops to Salamanca by turn 27 to defend against a possible attack from Badajoz (1 turn) or Porto/Coimbra (if they were enemy, but we are taking them). Actually, after we capture Porto and Coimbra, they are ours, so they won't attack. The only threat to Salamanca on turn 27 is from Badajoz. Badajoz to Salamanca: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So if the enemy sends from Badajoz with fast troops, they arrive turn 27. So we need troops in Salamanca on turn 27 to defend. If we send all 6 archers away on turn 26, Salamanca has 0. We need reinforcements to arrive on turn 27. The only way to get reinforcements on turn 27 is to send them from a village that is 1 turn away (fast). Which villages are 1 turn from Salamanca? Madrid is likely 1 turn. Also, Porto and Coimbra will be ours, but they are 1 turn away? Salamanca to Porto is 1 turn. So if we capture Porto, we could send from Porto to Salamanca? But we are capturing Porto on turn 27, so we can't send from it on turn 26. So Madrid is our best bet. So we should send some troops from Madrid to Salamanca on turn 26. They will arrive on turn 27. How many? Madrid has 3 archer, 6 knight. We could send the 3 archer and maybe 1 knight? Or all? If we send all, Madrid is empty. But Madrid might be attacked from Toledo. Toledo to Madrid: time? Toledo connects to Madrid directly. The time from Toledo to Madrid: we don't have, but from Madrid to Toledo is probably 1 turn? Since they are connected. So if the enemy attacks Madrid from Toledo with fast troops, they could arrive on turn 27. If Madrid is empty, they could capture it. So we should leave some troops in Madrid. Let's leave the 6 knights. They have defense 2 each, so 12 base defense, with location bonus (village x1.25) = 15. So effective defense 15. That's decent. Send the 3 archers to Salamanca. They will arrive turn 27. Salamanca will then have 3 archers on turn 27. Plus, we might have built spearman there on turn 26, but they are ready turn 27? Actually, builds take 1 turn: if we order build on turn 26, they are ready at the end of turn 26 or start of turn 27? The report says "ready in 1 turn". Typically, they are available to send on the next turn. So on turn 27, we can send them. But they are at Salamanca, so they can defend on turn 27? If they are built on turn 26, they are part of the garrison on turn 27? The build order is for the village; they increase the troops at home. So on turn 27, Salamanca will have the newly built troops. So if we build 4 spearman at Salamanca on turn 26, then on turn 27 Salamanca has 4 spearman (plus any that didn't leave). But we sent all 6 archers away, so on turn 27 Salamanca has 4 spearman. If we also send 3 archers from Madrid, they arrive on turn 27, so Salamanca would have 4 spearman + 3 archers = 7 troops on turn 27. That's a good defense.

So the plan for turn 26:
- Build: Salamanca: 4 spearman. (cost 60 wood)
- Build: Vigo: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood) - to replace sent archers and add spearman for counter.
- Build: Madrid: maybe 4 spearman? Madrid has 60 wood. We could build 4 spearman to have more spearmen for future. But Madrid is keeping 6 knights. We might want to build spearman to mix. But let's focus on Salamanca for now.
- Build: Teruel: 4 spearman (60 wood) - Teruel has 1 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight. We might want to build spearman to attack Toledo later.
- Build: Cordoba: 2 spearman (30 wood) - to have spearmen for Toledo.
- Movements:
  - Salamanca: send 6 archers to Coimbra [3].
  - Vigo: send 5 archers to Porto [6].
  - Madrid: send 3 archers to Salamanca [7]. (Madrid left with 6 knight)
  - Burgos: send 2 archer, 2 knight to Madrid? Or to somewhere else? Burgos has 2 archer, 2 knight. We could send them to Madrid to reinforce further. But Madrid already has 6 knight. Maybe send to Teruel? Burgos to Teruel: road? Burgos -> Madrid -> Toledo -> Teruel? That's long. Or Burgos -> Vigo -> ... Not good. Maybe send to Salamanca? But we already are sending from Madrid. Burgos to Salamanca via Madrid would take 2 turns. So not in time. Better to send Burgos's troops to Madrid to reinforce Madrid, in case Madrid is attacked. But Madrid will have 6 knight, which is okay. Or we could send them to Vigo? Vigo to Burgos: road? Vigo connects to [6] Porto, [14] Burgos. So Vigo to Burgos is direct. Time? For Vigo: "from here to your nearest border village [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" - that's to Cordoba. To Burgos? Not given. But they are connected. Probably 1 turn? If we send from Burgos to Vigo, it might be 1 turn. But Vigo is sending troops to Porto, so Vigo will have 2 spear, 1 knight left. We could send Burgos's troops to Vigo to reinforce it. But Vigo is not under immediate threat because Porto is enemy but we are attacking it. Actually, Vigo is border with Porto. If the enemy attacks Vigo from Porto, they could arrive on turn 27 (1 turn). So Vigo might need defense. We are sending 5 archers from Vigo to Porto, leaving Vigo with 2 spear, 1 knight. That's 3 troops. Effective defense of Vigo currently is 20 with 8 troops. With 3 troops, it will be lower. If the enemy attacks Vigo, they might take it. So we should reinforce Vigo. We can send from Burgos to Vigo. Let's check Burgos to Vigo time. Burgos [14] connects to [10] Vigo. So direct. The time? For Burgos: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That's to Madrid. To Vigo? Not given. But since they are directly connected, it might be 1 turn as well. Let's assume 1 turn. So we can send Burgos's 2 archer, 2 knight to Vigo. They would arrive turn 27. That would give Vigo 2 spear, 1 knight + 2 archer, 2 knight = 2 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight = 7 troops. Good.

  - Zaragoza: send 2 archer, 1 knight to Teruel? Zaragoza to Teruel: road? Zaragoza [17] connects to [13] Teruel? Yes, [17] connects to [13]. So direct. Time? For Zaragoza: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". To Teruel? Not given. But likely 1 turn. So we can send Zaragoza's troops to reinforce Teruel. Teruel is border with Toledo. It has 1 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight. We might want to reinforce it in case of attack from Toledo. So send Zaragoza's 2 archer, 1 knight to Teruel. They arrive turn 27. Teruel then has 1 spear, 8 archer, 3 knight = 12 troops.

  - Valencia: send 3 spear, 2 knight to Teruel? Valencia to Teruel: direct, 1 turn (from Valencia's "nearest border village [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast"). So we can send Valencia's troops to Teruel. That would add 3 spear, 2 knight. Teruel would then have 4 spear, 8 archer, 5 knight? Actually Teruel has 1 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight. Add Valencia's 3 spear, 0 archer, 2 knight = 4 spear, 6 archer, 4 knight. Plus Zaragoza's 2 archer, 1 knight = 4 spear, 8 archer, 5 knight. That's 17 troops. But we are sending from many places. We need to be careful not to strip interior villages that might be needed later. But for now, reinforcing the borders is good.

  - Castellon: send 2 spear, 1 knight to Teruel? Castellon to Teruel: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So medium/fast take 1 turn. So we can send. That adds more.

  - Huesca: send 2 spear, 10 archer, 1 knight? Huesca is interior. We could send some to Teruel or to Zaragoza? But let's not overcomplicate. We need to ensure we have enough troops to attack and defend. We are sending many to Teruel, but Teruel is not under immediate attack? Toledo has 11 troops. They could attack Teruel. So reinforcing Teruel is good.

  - Pamplona: send some to Burgos or Madrid? Pamplona to Burgos: direct? Pamplona [19] connects to [14] Burgos? Yes, [19] connects to [14]. So 1 turn. We could send Pamplona's 2 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight to Burgos to then go to Vigo? But that's 2 turns. Better to send directly to Vigo if possible? Pamplona to Vigo: road? Pamplona -> Burgos -> Vigo. 2 turns. So not in time.

  - Murcia: send to Cordoba? Cordoba is border with Toledo and Sevilha. It has 9 troops. We could send Murcia's 2 spear, 2 archer, 4 knight to Cordoba to reinforce. Murcia to Cordoba: 1 turn. So they arrive turn 27. Cordoba then has 4 spear, 8 archer, 5 knight = 17 troops. Good defense against Toledo or Sevilha.

  - We also need to consider our own capital Barcelona. It has 22 troops. It's far from enemy. We can leave it or send some to Tarragona then to Girona? Not needed immediately.

So a comprehensive reinforcement plan:
- Salamanca: build 4 spearman. Send 6 archers to Coimbra. Receive 3 archers from Madrid.
- Vigo: build 2 spearman. Send 5 archers to Porto. Receive 2 archer, 2 knight from Burgos.
- Madrid: send 3 archers to Salamanca. Keep 6 knight. Maybe build 4 spearman? (We have wood 60, so can build 4 spearman. But they take 1 turn, so ready turn 27. They can defend Madrid on turn 27.)
- Burgos: send 2 archer, 2 knight to Vigo. (Burgos left with 0? Burgos has 0 spear, 2 archer, 2 knight. So if we send all, Burgos is empty. But Burgos is interior, connected to Vigo, Madrid, Pamplona. It might be attacked if enemy gets through. But it's not a border village. We can leave it empty for now, or build there. Burgos has wood 30, iron 30. Can build 2 spearman. So we can build 2 spearman at Burgos to have a garrison.)
- Zaragoza: send 2 archer, 1 knight to Teruel. Zaragoza left with 0? It has 0 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight. So empty. Build? Zaragoza has wood 30, iron 20. Can build 2 spearman. So build 2 spearman there.
- Valencia: send 3 spear, 2 knight to Teruel. Valencia left with 0? It has 3 spear, 0 archer, 2 knight. So empty. Build? Valencia has wood 35, iron 40. Can build 2 spearman or 1 archer/knight. Build 2 spearman.
- Castellon: send 2 spear, 1 knight to Teruel. Castellon left with 0? It has 2 spear, 0 archer, 1 knight. Empty. Build? Castellon has wood 30, iron 40. Build 2 spearman.
- Huesca: maybe send some to Teruel or keep. Huesca has 2 spear, 10 archer, 1 knight. We could send the 10 archers to Teruel? But that's a lot. Teruel would become very strong. But Huesca is interior, not under immediate threat. We can keep them or send to reinforce Zaragoza? Let's keep Huesca as is for now, or build more. Huesca has wood 30, iron 50. Can build 2 spearman or 1 knight. 
- Pamplona: keep or send to Burgos? Pamplona has 2 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight. We could send to Burgos to reinforce after we build there? But let's keep for now.
- Murcia: send 2 spear, 2 archer, 4 knight to Cordoba. Murcia left with 0? It has 2 spear, 2 archer, 4 knight. Empty. Build? Murcia has wood 30, iron 60. Can build 2 spearman or 1 knight. Build 2 spearman.
- Cordoba: receive from Murcia. Cordoba has 2 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight. After receiving: 4 spear, 8 archer, 5 knight. Also build 2 spearman at Cordoba (wood 30). So next turn Cordoba has 6 spear, 8 archer, 5 knight? Actually builds ready turn 27. So on turn 27, Cordoba has 2 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight + Murcia's 2 spear, 2 archer, 4 knight = 4 spear, 8 archer, 5 knight. Plus newly built 2 spearman = 6 spear, 8 archer, 5 knight. Very strong.
- Teruel: receives from Zaragoza, Valencia, Castellon. Teruel originally 1 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight. Zaragoza: 2 archer, 1 knight. Valencia: 3 spear, 2 knight. Castellon: 2 spear, 1 knight. Total received: 5 spear, 2 archer, 4 knight? Wait: Zaragoza gives 0 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight. Valencia gives 3 spear, 0 archer, 2 knight. Castellon gives 2 spear, 0 archer, 1 knight. Sum: 5 spear, 2 archer, 4 knight. Add to Teruel's 1 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight = 6 spear, 8 archer, 6 knight. That's 20 troops. Plus Teruel builds 4 spearman (wood 60) -> ready turn 27, so on turn 27 Teruel has 10 spear, 8 archer, 6 knight = 24 troops. Very strong.

But wait, we are sending from many villages, leaving them empty. We are building spearman in them to refill. This is a standard strategy: move troops from interior to borders, and build new ones in interior to replace them. Since building takes 1 turn, the interior villages will have troops next turn. The borders will be reinforced for the defense on turn 27. The attacks on Coimbra and Porto will happen on turn 27. So on turn 27, we will have captured Coimbra and Porto, and our borders will be strong.

Let's check the timing of the attacks:
- Salamanca to Coimbra: 1 medium turn (archers). So they arrive on turn 27. The battle happens on turn 27. We conquer Coimbra.
- Vigo to Porto: assume 1 medium turn. Arrive turn 27. Conquer Porto.

On turn 27, we will have Coimbra and Porto. Our Salamanca will have: 4 spearman (built turn 26) + 3 archers (from Madrid, arrive turn 27) = 7 troops. But wait, the 3 archers from Madrid are sent on turn 26, arrive turn 27. So they are there for defense on turn 27. The enemy might attack Salamanca on turn 27. If they do, they will face these 7 troops. Good.

Vigo will have: 2 spear, 1 knight (original) + 2 archer, 2 knight (from Burgos, arrive turn 27) = 2 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight = 7 troops. Plus Vigo builds 2 spearman on turn 26, ready turn 27, so actually Vigo will have 4 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight = 9 troops on turn 27. Good.

Madrid: we sent 3 archers, kept 6 knight. Madrid builds 4 spearman? We didn't order builds for Madrid yet. Let's decide: Madrid has wood 60, iron 40. We can build 4 spearman (60 wood). So on turn 27, Madrid has 6 knight + 4 spearman = 10 troops. Good defense against Toledo.

Teruel: becomes very strong (24 troops). Toledo has only 11. So Teruel can easily hold.

Cordoba: becomes strong (17+ troops). Sevilha has 23, but Cordoba is defended.

So our borders are well reinforced.

Now, what about the third village? We need one more. After turn 27, we will have Coimbra and Porto, so total 17. We need one more. We can plan to capture Badajoz on turn 28. On turn 27, we can build more troops and send them. For example, on turn 27, Salamanca will have 4 spearman and 3 archers. We could send the 3 archers to Badajoz? But they are the ones we just received. Or we can build more archers at Salamanca on turn 27. Salamanca produces 30 wood, 20 iron. It has wood 60, iron 60 stockpiled. After building 4 spearman (60 wood), its wood becomes 0? Actually, it started with 60 wood, we spend 60, so wood = 0. Then production adds 30 wood, so wood = 30. Iron: started 60, spent 0, production 20, so iron = 80. So on turn 27, Salamanca has wood 30, iron 80. It can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). We can build more archers to send to Badajoz. Badajoz from Salamanca: 1 medium turn for archers. So if we build archers on turn 27, they are ready turn 28? Actually, if we build on turn 27, they are ready at the end of turn 27? The rule: "ready in 1 turn". So if we order build on turn 27, they are ready on turn 28. So we could send them on turn 28, arriving turn 29. That's slow. Alternatively, we could send the existing troops on turn 27. On turn 27, Salamanca has 4 spearman and 3 archers (from Madrid). We could send the 3 archers to Badajoz on turn 27. They would arrive on turn 28 (1 medium turn). That would give us Badajoz on turn 28. Then we have 18 on turn 28. Then we need to hold on turn 29. But we need to ensure Badajoz is held. After capturing, the 3 archers might be reduced. We could also send the 4 spearman to reinforce Badajoz? But spearman are slow, so they would take 2 turns, arriving turn 29. So on turn 28, Badajoz would have only the surviving archers. We could send more from elsewhere on turn 28.

Alternatively, we could capture Badajoz on turn 27 instead of one of the others? But we already planned Coimbra and Porto for turn 27. We could instead capture Badajoz and Porto on turn 27, and Coimbra on turn 28. But Coimbra is the easiest. Let's stick with Coimbra and Porto on turn 27.

What about attacking Badajoz from Madrid? Madrid to Badajoz via Salamanca: time? If Madrid to Salamanca is 1 turn, and Salamanca to Badajoz is 1 medium turn, total 2 medium turns. So if we send from Madrid on turn 26, they arrive turn 28. That could give us Badajoz on turn 28. But we are sending Madrid's archers to Salamanca. We could instead send Madrid's archers to Badajoz? Let's evaluate: Madrid has 3 archer, 6 knight. If we send them to Badajoz, they would go Madrid -> Salamanca -> Badajoz. They would pass through Salamanca. Since Salamanca is ours, they don't stop. The time: Madrid->Salamanca: we don't know exactly. Let's assume 1 turn for medium. Salamanca->Badajoz: 1 medium turn. Total 2 medium turns. So they arrive turn 28. Attack on Badajoz: 3 archer (6) + 6 knight (24) = 30 attack. Badajoz defense 8. Win easily. We would capture Badajoz on turn 28. That would give us 18 on turn 28 (if we also took Coimbra and Porto on turn 27). Then we hold on turn 29. That could work.

But if we send Madrid's troops to Badajoz, we leave Madrid with 0. Then Madrid is empty on turn 27. If the enemy attacks Madrid from Toledo on turn 27, they could capture it. That's a big risk. We could reinforce Madrid from elsewhere. For example, from Burgos (2 archer, 2 knight) to Madrid (1 turn), arriving turn 27. So Madrid would have those 4 troops on turn 27. That's better than nothing. But we also have Zaragoza etc. We could send Zaragoza's troops to Madrid instead of Teruel. Let's think.

Maybe we should not send Madrid's troops anywhere, but keep them in Madrid to defend. And instead, use other villages to attack Badajoz. For example, from Teruel? Teruel to Badajoz: road? Teruel -> Toledo -> Badajoz? That goes through enemy Toledo, so would stop there. Not good. From Cordoba? Cordoba to Badajoz: Cordoba -> Toledo -> Badajoz? Or Cordoba -> Sevilha -> Badajoz? Both go through enemy. So not direct. From Salamanca is the best for Badajoz. So we should use Salamanca for Badajoz. But we are using Salamanca for Coimbra. We can only send one army from Salamanca at a time? We can send multiple armies from the same village? The rules don't forbid sending multiple armies from the same village to different targets. They just fight separately. So we could send from Salamanca to Coimbra and also to Badajoz? But Salamanca only has 6 archers. We can split them: 3 to Coimbra, 3 to Badajoz. But 3 to Badajoz: attack 6, defense 8, lose. So we need more. We could build more at Salamanca. But builds take a turn. So on turn 26, we build 4 spearman at Salamanca. They are ready turn 27. On turn 27, Salamanca has 4 spearman + 6 archers (if we didn't send them). Then we could send the 6 archers to Badajoz on turn 27, arriving turn 28. And send the 4 spearman to Coimbra? But spearman are slow, so to Coimbra they take 2 slow turns? Salamanca to Coimbra: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So spearman would take 2 turns, arriving turn 29. That's late. So better to send archers to Coimbra for speed.

So the plan of sending Salamanca's archers to Coimbra on turn 26, and then on turn 27 sending them (or new ones) to Badajoz seems good. But we need to have enough troops on turn 27 to send to Badajoz. On turn 27, Salamanca will have the 4 spearman we built, plus maybe reinforcements from Madrid. If we send the 3 archers from Madrid to Salamanca on turn 26, they arrive turn 27. So on turn 27, Salamanca has 4 spearman + 3 archers. We could send the 3 archers to Badajoz on turn 27 (arrive turn 28). That would capture Badajoz on turn 28. But 3 archers attack 6, Badajoz defense 8, we need more. So we need to send more. We could also send the 4 spearman? But they are slow, so they'd take 2 turns to arrive (turn 29). If we send them together with the archers, the army moves at slow speed, so both arrive turn 29. That's too late. So we need to send a faster force. We could build more archers at Salamanca on turn 27. On turn 27, Salamanca has wood 30, iron 80 (after building 4 spearman). It can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2? Actually 30 wood can build 1 archer (20 wood) and have 10 wood left. Or build 1 knight (30 wood). But that's only 1 troop. Not enough. We could build archers in other villages and send them to Salamanca? That takes time.

Maybe we should attack Badajoz from Madrid instead. Let's reconsider. If we send Madrid's 3 archer and 6 knight to Badajoz on turn 26, they arrive turn 28 (assuming 2 turns). Attack 30 vs defense 8, win. We capture Badajoz on turn 28. Madrid is left with 0. But we can reinforce Madrid from Burgos (4 troops) on turn 27, and from Zaragoza (3 troops) on turn 27? Actually, if we send from Burgos to Madrid on turn 26, they arrive turn 27. So on turn 27, Madrid has 4 troops (from Burgos). That's a defense. Also, we can build 4 spearman at Madrid on turn 26, ready turn 27. So on turn 27, Madrid has 4 spearman + 4 troops from Burgos = 8 troops. That's decent. The enemy might attack Madrid on turn 27 from Toledo. Toledo has 11 troops. If they attack, they might take Madrid if our defense is weak. But 8 troops might hold? Let's calculate Madrid's defense with 8 troops. We need to know the mix. Burgos sends 2 archer, 2 knight. Madrid builds 4 spearman. So Madrid has 4 spear, 2 archer, 2 knight. Base defense: spear 2 each = 8, archer 2 each = 4, knight 2 each = 4, total 16. Location bonus: Madrid is a border village? It's a village, so x1.25. Effective defense = 20. That's decent. Toledo's attack: they have 5 archers (attack 2=10) and 6 knights (attack 4=24) total 34. If they attack, they have 34 vs our 20, they win. So they could take Madrid. So we need more. We could also send from Zaragoza to Madrid on turn 26? Zaragoza has 2 archer, 1 knight. If we send them to Madrid, they arrive turn 27 (1 turn). Then Madrid has 4 spear, 4 archer, 3 knight? Actually Burgos: 2 archer, 2 knight; Zaragoza: 2 archer, 1 knight; total added: 4 archer, 3 knight. Plus Madrid's 4 spearman = 4 spear, 4 archer, 3 knight. Base defense: 8 + 8 + 6 = 22. With bonus 27.5 -> 27. Still less than 34. They would win. So Madrid might fall if attacked.

So maybe we shouldn't strip Madrid. Instead, we should keep Madrid's troops to defend, and use other means to attack Badajoz.

What if we attack Badajoz from Salamanca on turn 26, and Coimbra from somewhere else? But Coimbra is only reachable from Salamanca (or from Porto if we capture it first). So we need Salamanca for Coimbra.

Another idea: attack Badajoz from Salamanca on turn 26 with the 6 archers, and attack Porto from Vigo on turn 26 with 5 archers. Then we have Badajoz and Porto on turn 27. That's 2 villages. Then we need one more. We could attack Coimbra on turn 27 from Salamanca? But Salamanca would be empty after sending to Badajoz. We could build spearman at Salamanca on turn 26, and on turn 27 send them to Coimbra? But spearman are slow (2 turns), so they arrive turn 29. That's late. Or we could send from somewhere else to Coimbra? The only other route to Coimbra is from Porto (if we capture it) or from Santarem (enemy). So if we capture Porto on turn 27, we could on turn 28 send from Porto to Coimbra? Porto to Coimbra: road? Porto [6] connects to [3] Coimbra. So yes, direct. Time? Probably 1 turn. So on turn 28, we could send from Porto to Coimbra, arriving turn 29. That would give us Coimbra on turn 29. Then we have 18 on turn 29, hold on turn 30. That works.

But we need to ensure we can hold Badajoz and Porto after capturing them. Let's evaluate that plan.

Plan B:
Turn 26:
- Salamanca: send 6 archers to Badajoz [4]. (2 slow/1 medium/1 fast: archers take 1 medium turn? Actually "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means if you send medium, it takes 1 turn. So archers take 1 turn. Wait, that's the time from Salamanca to Badajoz. So if we send archers, they arrive on turn 27! Because 1 medium turn from turn 26 = turn 27. So Badajoz would be captured on turn 27. That's fast. So we can capture Badajoz on turn 27.
- Vigo: send 5 archers to Porto [6]. (assume 1 medium turn, arrive turn 27). Capture Porto on turn 27.
- Then on turn 27, we have Badajoz and Porto, total 17. We need one more. We can attack Coimbra on turn 27 from somewhere. From Salamanca? Salamanca is now empty (we sent all archers). But we can build at Salamanca on turn 26: build 4 spearman. On turn 27, Salamanca has 4 spearman. We can send them to Coimbra? But spearman are slow: Salamanca to Coimbra is 2 slow turns, so they would arrive on turn 29. That's late. Or we can send from Porto to Coimbra on turn 27? Porto is captured on turn 27. Can we send from a village we just captured on the same turn? The orders for turn 27 are written at the start of turn 27, at which point Porto is ours. So we can send from Porto on turn 27. But we need troops in Porto to send. After capturing Porto, our surviving archers are there. If we sent 5 archers, maybe 3 survive. So we have 3 archers in Porto. We could send them to Coimbra on turn 27. Porto to Coimbra: time? Probably 1 medium turn. So they would arrive turn 28. That would capture Coimbra on turn 28. Then we have 18 on turn 28. Hold on turn 29. That seems good.

But we need to check the defense of Badajoz and Porto after capture. Badajoz: after attack, we have some surviving archers. Badajoz is connected to many enemies. They might counterattack on turn 28. We need to reinforce. We can send reinforcements from Salamanca on turn 27. Salamanca has 4 spearman (built turn 26). We could send them to Badajoz on turn 27. Spearman slow: 2 turns, arrive turn 29. Or we could send archers if we have. But we might need to build more.

Let's think about the enemy's possible reactions. On turn 27, the enemy sees that we captured Badajoz and Porto. They might try to retake them. They have villages nearby: for Badajoz, they have Toledo, Sevilha, Faro, Santarem. For Porto, they have Coimbra (still enemy), and maybe others. So Porto is vulnerable to attack from Coimbra. If we don't capture Coimbra quickly, the enemy could attack Porto from Coimbra. So we should prioritize capturing Coimbra to secure Porto. Actually, if we capture Porto but not Coimbra, Coimbra is enemy and connects to Porto. So the enemy could attack Porto from Coimbra. That's a risk. So it's better to capture Coimbra and Porto simultaneously, or Coimbra first. If we capture Coimbra and Porto on turn 27, then Porto is safe. So Plan A (Coimbra and Porto on turn 27) is better for defense.

Then for the third village, we can take Badajoz on turn 28. Let's see if we can do that.

Plan A revised:
Turn 26:
- Build spearman in various villages as planned.
- Salamanca: send 6 archers to Coimbra [3] (1 medium turn, arrive turn 27).
- Vigo: send 5 archers to Porto [6] (1 medium turn, arrive turn 27).
- Reinforce borders: Madrid send 3 archers to Salamanca; Burgos send 2 archer, 2 knight to Vigo; Zaragoza send 2 archer, 1 knight to Teruel; Valencia send 3 spear, 2 knight to Teruel; Castellon send 2 spear, 1 knight to Teruel; Murcia send 2 spear, 2 archer, 4 knight to Cordoba.
- Also, we need to prepare for Badajoz attack on turn 27. We need troops to send to Badajoz on turn 27. We can use Salamanca's newly built spearman? But they are slow. We could build archers at Salamanca on turn 26? But we already used wood for 4 spearman. We have iron 60, but wood 0 after building spearman? Wait, Salamanca started with wood 60, iron 60. If we build 4 spearman, cost 60 wood, so wood becomes 0. Iron remains 60. So we cannot build archers this turn because archers need wood. So on turn 27, Salamanca has wood 30 (production), iron 80. It can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearman (30 wood). Not much. So we won't have many archers to send to Badajoz on turn 27.

What if we don't build spearman at Salamanca, but instead build archers? We need archers to send to Badajoz. If we build archers at Salamanca on turn 26: cost 20 wood, 10 iron per archer. Salamanca has 60 wood, 60 iron. It can build up to 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Then on turn 27, Salamanca has 3 archers + 6 archers? Wait, we sent the 6 archers to Coimbra. So if we build 3 archers, they are ready turn 27. But we sent the original 6 away. So on turn 27, Salamanca has 3 archers. We could send them to Badajoz on turn 27 (1 medium turn, arrive turn 28). 3 archers attack 6, Badajoz defense 8, need more. Not enough. We could also send from somewhere else to Badajoz. For example, from Madrid to Badajoz? Madrid to Badajoz via Salamanca: 2 turns. If we send on turn 27, arrive turn 29. Late.

Maybe we should attack Badajoz on turn 26 instead of Coimbra? Let's compare.

Option: Attack Badajoz and Porto on turn 26. Then on turn 27, attack Coimbra from Porto (if we have troops there). Let's simulate.

Turn 26:
- Salamanca: send 6 archers to Badajoz (1 medium turn, arrive turn 27). Capture Badajoz on turn 27.
- Vigo: send 5 archers to Porto (1 medium turn, arrive turn 27). Capture Porto on turn 27.
- Build at Salamanca: we could build 4 spearman (for later defense) or archers? Let's build 4 spearman.
- Build at Vigo: 2 spearman.
- Reinforce: Madrid send 3 archers to Salamanca? But Salamanca is now empty (sent archers). So on turn 27, Salamanca has 4 spearman + 3 archers from Madrid = 7 troops. Good for defense.
- Burgos send to Vigo: 2 archer, 2 knight. Vigo on turn 27 has 2 spear, 1 knight + 2 archer, 2 knight = 7 troops + 2 spearman built = 9 troops.
- Other reinforcements as before.

On turn 27:
- We have Badajoz and Porto. Total 17.
- We need to capture Coimbra. We can send from Porto to Coimbra. Porto has our surviving archers (maybe 3). We can send them to Coimbra on turn 27. Porto to Coimbra: time? Assume 1 medium turn. Arrive turn 28. Attack Coimbra: 3 archers attack 6, defense 3, win. Capture Coimbra on turn 28. Total 18 on turn 28.
- We can also send from Salamanca to Coimbra? Salamanca has 4 spearman, 3 archers. We could send the 3 archers to Coimbra (1 medium turn, arrive turn 28). But we already send from Porto. Sending from both would be redundant and might waste troops. Better to send from one.
- We need to reinforce Badajoz and Porto. Badajoz is connected to many enemies. On turn 27, the enemy might attack Badajoz from Toledo, Sevilha, etc. We should send reinforcements to Badajoz. We can send from Salamanca on turn 27. Salamanca has 4 spearman, 3 archers. We could send the 4 spearman to Badajoz? Spearman slow: 2 turns, arrive turn 29. Or send the 3 archers: 1 turn, arrive turn 28. So we can send the 3 archers to Badajoz on turn 27, arriving turn 28. That would reinforce Badajoz on turn 28. But if the enemy attacks Badajoz on turn 28, they might face these 3 archers plus whatever survived from the initial attack. The initial attack: we sent 6 archers to Badajoz on turn 26. They arrive turn 27, fight Badajoz (defense 8). We win, but lose some. Suppose we lose 3, have 3 left. So on turn 27, Badajoz has 3 archers. On turn 28, we send 3 more archers from Salamanca, arriving. So Badajoz would have 6 archers on turn 28. That's decent.
- For Porto: after capture, it has surviving archers (maybe 3). It is connected to Coimbra (enemy until turn 28). The enemy could attack Porto from Coimbra on turn 28. So we need to reinforce Porto. We could send from Vigo to Porto on turn 27. Vigo has 2 spear, 1 knight + 2 archer, 2 knight = 7 troops. We could send some to Porto. But Vigo is also a border village. We might want to keep some there. Alternatively, we can send from somewhere else.

This plan seems workable. But we need to ensure we have enough troops to send to Coimbra on turn 27 from Porto. After capturing Porto, how many troops are left? We sent 5 archers from Vigo. Attack 10 vs defense 8. We win. Attrition: we might lose some. Let's assume we lose 2, so 3 archers survive. So Porto has 3 archers. We can send them to Coimbra on turn 27. They arrive turn 28. Coimbra defense 3. 3 archers attack 6, win. We might lose 1, so 2 left. Coimbra becomes ours on turn 28. Then on turn 28, we have 18 villages. We need to hold on turn 29. On turn 29, the enemy might attack our new villages. We need to have reinforcements ready. We can build more troops on turn 27 and 28.

Let's detail the orders for turn 26 under this plan.

Plan C: Attack Badajoz and Porto on turn 26. Capture Coimbra on turn 27 from Porto.

Turn 26 orders:
Builds:
- Salamanca: build 4 spearman (60 wood). (To reinforce later)
- Vigo: build 2 spearman (30 wood). (To reinforce)
- Madrid: build 4 spearman (60 wood) - to defend Madrid.
- Teruel: build 4 spearman (60 wood) - to defend Teruel.
- Cordoba: build 2 spearman (30 wood) - to defend Cordoba.
- Burgos: build 2 spearman (30 wood) - to replace sent troops.
- Zaragoza: build 2 spearman (30 wood) - to replace.
- Valencia: build 2 spearman (35 wood? Valencia has 35 wood, can build 2 spearman (30 wood) and have 5 left. Or build 1 archer? Let's build 2 spearman.)
- Castellon: build 2 spearman (30 wood).
- Murcia: build 2 spearman (30 wood).
- Other villages: maybe build something if resources.

Movements:
- Salamanca: send 6 archers to Badajoz [4]. (1 medium turn)
- Vigo: send 5 archers to Porto [6]. (1 medium turn)
- Madrid: send 3 archers to Salamanca [7]? But Salamanca is sending its archers away, so it will be empty. We want to reinforce Salamanca. Send 3 archers from Madrid to Salamanca. (Assume 1 turn, arrive turn 27). Madrid keeps 6 knight.
- Burgos: send 2 archer, 2 knight to Vigo [10]? Vigo is sending its archers away, leaving 2 spear, 1 knight. We want to reinforce Vigo. Burgos to Vigo: direct? Burgos [14] to Vigo [10] is direct. Time? Assume 1 turn. So send Burgos's 2 archer, 2 knight to Vigo. They arrive turn 27.
- Zaragoza: send 2 archer, 1 knight to Teruel [13]? Teruel is a border village. Zaragoza to Teruel: direct, 1 turn. Send to reinforce Teruel.
- Valencia: send 3 spear, 2 knight to Teruel [13]. Direct, 1 turn.
- Castellon: send 2 spear, 1 knight to Teruel [13]. Direct, 1 turn (medium/fast).
- Murcia: send 2 spear, 2 archer, 4 knight to Cordoba [11]. Direct, 1 turn.
- Pamplona: maybe send to Burgos? But Burgos is sending its troops, so Burgos will be empty. We can send Pamplona's 2 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight to Burgos? Pamplona to Burgos: direct? Pamplona [19] to Burgos [14] is direct. Time? For Pamplona: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". That's to Madrid. To Burgos? Not given. But they are connected. Might be 1 turn? Let's assume 1 turn. So send Pamplona's troops to Burgos to reinforce. They arrive turn 27. Burgos then has those troops + newly built 2 spearman? Actually, Burgos builds 2 spearman on turn 26, ready turn 27. So on turn 27, Burgos has 2 spearman + Pamplona's 2 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight = 4 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight = 11 troops. Good.
- Huesca: keep or send to Zaragoza? Zaragoza is sending its troops, so it will be empty. Huesca to Zaragoza: direct? Huesca [20] to Zaragoza [17] is direct. Time? For Huesca: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". To Zaragoza? Not given. But likely 1 turn. So we can send Huesca's 2 spear, 10 archer, 1 knight to Zaragoza. They arrive turn 27. Zaragoza builds 2 spearman, so on turn 27 Zaragoza has 2 spearman + Huesca's 2 spear, 10 archer, 1 knight = 4 spear, 10 archer, 1 knight = 15 troops. Good.
- Barcelona: keep or send to Tarragona? Tarragona is interior, not under threat. We can leave Barcelona as is, or send some to Girona? Not needed.

We also need to consider our capital Barcelona. It has 22 troops. It's far. We can leave it.

Now, after turn 26, our troops are on the move. On turn 27:
- Badajoz: captured. Our 6 archers arrive, fight, win. We lose some. Survivors remain in Badajoz.
- Porto: captured. Our 5 archers arrive, fight, win. Survivors remain in Porto.
- Salamanca: receives 3 archers from Madrid. Also has 4 spearman built. Total 7 troops.
- Vigo: receives 2 archer, 2 knight from Burgos. Also has 2 spear, 1 knight original? Wait, we sent 5 archers from Vigo, so Vigo originally had 2 spear, 5 archer, 1 knight. We sent 5 archers, so left with 2 spear, 1 knight. Then receives 2 archer, 2 knight from Burgos. So Vigo has 2 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight = 7 troops. Plus Vigo built 2 spearman on turn 26, ready turn 27. So Vigo has 4 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight = 9 troops.
- Madrid: kept 6 knight, built 4 spearman. Total 10 troops.
- Teruel: receives from Zaragoza, Valencia, Castellon. Teruel originally 1 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight. Zaragoza: 2 archer, 1 knight. Valencia: 3 spear, 2 knight. Castellon: 2 spear, 1 knight. Total received: 5 spear, 2 archer, 4 knight. Sum: 6 spear, 8 archer, 6 knight = 20 troops. Plus Teruel built 4 spearman -> 10 spear, 8 archer, 6 knight = 24 troops.
- Cordoba: receives from Murcia: 2 spear, 2 archer, 4 knight. Cordoba originally 2 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight. Sum: 4 spear, 8 archer, 5 knight = 17 troops. Plus Cordoba built 2 spearman -> 6 spear, 8 archer, 5 knight = 19 troops.
- Burgos: receives from Pamplona: 2 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight. Burgos built 2 spearman. Total: 4 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight = 11 troops.
- Zaragoza: receives from Huesca: 2 spear, 10 archer, 1 knight. Zaragoza built 2 spearman. Total: 4 spear, 10 archer, 1 knight = 15 troops.
- Valencia: sent all troops? Valencia sent 3 spear, 2 knight. It had 3 spear, 0 archer, 2 knight. So it's empty. But it built 2 spearman on turn 26, so on turn 27 it has 2 spearman.
- Castellon: sent 2 spear, 1 knight. It had 2 spear, 0 archer, 1 knight. Empty. Built 2 spearman, so has 2 spearman.
- Murcia: sent 2 spear, 2 archer, 4 knight. It had 2 spear, 2 archer, 4 knight. Empty. Built 2 spearman, so has 2 spearman.
- Pamplona: sent 2 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight. It had 2 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight. Empty. Did we build there? Pamplona has wood 30, iron 50. We didn't order build. So it's empty. We should build there. Let's add build: Pamplona build 2 spearman (30 wood). So on turn 27, Pamplona has 2 spearman.
- Huesca: sent 2 spear, 10 archer, 1 knight. It had 2 spear, 10 archer, 1 knight. Empty. Did we build? Huesca has wood 30, iron 50. Build 2 spearman? So on turn 27, Huesca has 2 spearman.
- Barcelona: unchanged, 22 troops.
- Tarragona: unchanged, 15 troops.
- Girona: unchanged, 23 troops.

Now, on turn 27, we need to give orders for turn 27. We need to capture Coimbra. We can send from Porto to Coimbra. Porto has our surviving archers. Let's say we have 3 archers in Porto. We can send them to Coimbra [3]. Porto to Coimbra: road direct. Time? We need to know. From the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" for Coimbra, it says "march from [7] Salamanca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That's from Salamanca. From Porto, it might be similar or shorter. Since Porto and Coimbra are both on the coast, likely 1 turn. Let's assume 1 medium turn. So if we send on turn 27, they arrive turn 28. That works.

We also need to reinforce Badajoz. Badajoz has our surviving archers (say 3). We can send reinforcements from Salamanca to Badajoz on turn 27. Salamanca has 4 spearman, 3 archers. We could send the 3 archers to Badajoz (1 medium turn, arrive turn 28). That would add 3 archers. Or send the 4 spearman (2 slow turns, arrive turn 29). Better to send archers for quick reinforcement. So send Salamanca's 3 archers to Badajoz on turn 27.

We also need to reinforce Porto? Porto might be attacked from Coimbra on turn 28. If we capture Coimbra on turn 28, then Porto is safe. But on turn 28, the enemy might attack Porto from Coimbra before we capture it? The enemy's turn 27 orders are simultaneous with ours. They don't know we are attacking Coimbra. They might send troops from Coimbra to Porto on turn 27. Those troops would arrive on turn 28 (if 1 turn). Our attack on Coimbra also arrives on turn 28. Which happens first? The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." But here we have an attack on Coimbra, and an attack from Coimbra to Porto. They are different. The enemy from Coimbra to Porto would arrive at Porto. Our attack on Coimbra would arrive at Coimbra. They are separate. The enemy attack on Porto would happen on turn 28. Our capture of Coimbra would also happen on turn 28. If we capture Coimbra, the enemy troops from Coimbra might still be on the road? Or they might have left before we capture? The timing: At the start of turn 27, Coimbra is enemy. The enemy gives orders. They might send troops from Coimbra to Porto. We give orders: we send troops from Porto to Coimbra. Both armies start moving on turn 27. They will arrive on turn 28. On turn 28, our army arrives at Coimbra and fights the garrison. The enemy army arrives at Porto and fights the garrison. These are simultaneous. So we could lose Porto if the enemy attack is strong enough. To prevent this, we should ensure Porto has enough troops to defend. We can reinforce Porto on turn 27 from somewhere. For example, from Vigo. Vigo has 9 troops on turn 27. We could send some to Porto on turn 27 to arrive on turn 28, to help defend if the enemy attacks. But if we send from Vigo to Porto on turn 27, they would arrive on turn 28. The enemy attack from Coimbra would also arrive on turn 28. So they would defend together? Actually, the enemy army arrives at Porto and fights the garrison. Our reinforcements from Vigo would arrive at Porto on the same turn. Do they combine? The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if we send from Vigo to Porto, and the enemy sends from Coimbra to Porto, they are not from different villages? The enemy is one send, we are another send. They would fight sequentially. The enemy attacks Porto. The defender is Porto's garrison. If our reinforcements arrive at the same time, they might join the defense? The rule says "Your own armies never fight each other: they pass freely." But here it's an enemy army attacking. Our reinforcements are arriving at a village we own. They would normally just join the garrison. But if the enemy army is also arriving, there might be a battle. The rule doesn't specify the order of resolution for simultaneous arrivals. It might be that the garrison defends with whatever is there when the enemy arrives. If our reinforcements arrive at the same time, they might be counted in the defense. Or they might arrive after the battle. This is ambiguous.

To be safe, we could avoid this by capturing Coimbra on turn 27 instead of turn 28. If we capture Coimbra on turn 27, then on turn 27 Coimbra is ours. The enemy cannot send from Coimbra on turn 27 because they don't know we will capture it? Actually, they write orders on turn 26 based on the snapshot where Coimbra is enemy. They could send troops from Coimbra on turn 26 (which we are doing our orders on turn 26). On turn 26, we are sending troops to Badajoz and Porto, not Coimbra. So the enemy might send from Coimbra on turn 26. Those troops would arrive on turn 27 (if 1 turn). If we capture Coimbra on turn 27, our attack arrives on turn 27. The enemy troops from Coimbra might also arrive at their destination on turn 27. If they were going to Porto, they would arrive at Porto on turn 27. Our capture of Coimbra would happen on turn 27. So on turn 27, Coimbra becomes ours, but the enemy troops have already left. So that's fine. But if we wait to capture Coimbra on turn 28, the enemy could send from Coimbra on turn 27 (since it's still enemy at the start of turn 27). So to prevent enemy moves from Coimbra, we should capture it as soon as possible. Capturing on turn 27 is better.

So Plan A with Coimbra and Porto on turn 27 is better because it removes Coimbra as a threat one turn earlier.

Let's go back to Plan A: Attack Coimbra and Porto on turn 26. That captures them on turn 27. Then on turn 27, Coimbra and Porto are ours. The enemy cannot send from them on turn 27 (they could on turn 26, but those moves are already set). So on turn 27, our new villages are secure from enemy moves originating from them. The enemy might attack them on turn 27 from other villages (e.g., Coimbra from Santarem, Porto from? Porto only connects to Coimbra, Salamanca, Vigo - all ours after turn 27). So Porto is completely safe on turn 27. Coimbra can be attacked from Santarem. So we need to reinforce Coimbra against Santarem.

So Plan A is safer for defense.

Let's finalize Plan A:

Turn 26 orders:
Builds:
- Salamanca: build 4 spearman (60 wood). (Ready turn 27)
- Vigo: build 2 spearman (30 wood).
- Madrid: build 4 spearman (60 wood).
- Teruel: build 4 spearman (60 wood).
- Cordoba: build 2 spearman (30 wood).
- Burgos: build 2 spearman (30 wood).
- Zaragoza: build 2 spearman (30 wood).
- Valencia: build 2 spearman (30 wood? Valencia has 35 wood, so yes.)
- Castellon: build 2 spearman (30 wood).
- Murcia: build 2 spearman (30 wood).
- Pamplona: build 2 spearman (30 wood).
- Huesca: build 2 spearman (30 wood).
- Barcelona: maybe build something? wood 30, iron 40. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 2 spearman.
- Tarragona: wood 30, iron 30. Build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 knight? Build 2 spearman.
- Girona: wood 30, iron 60. Build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 knight? Build 2 spearman.
- We have many wood, but not all villages have wood. Check each:
  - Barcelona: wood 30 -> 2 spearman.
  - Tarragona: wood 30 -> 2 spearman.
  - Girona: wood 30 -> 2 spearman.
  - Castellon: wood 30 -> 2 spearman.
  - Zaragoza: wood 30 -> 2 spearman.
  - Huesca: wood 30 -> 2 spearman.
  - Valencia: wood 35 -> 2 spearman (30 wood).
  - Teruel: wood 60 -> 4 spearman.
  - Madrid: wood 60 -> 4 spearman.
  - Murcia: wood 30 -> 2 spearman.
  - Pamplona: wood 30 -> 2 spearman.
  - Burgos: wood 30 -> 2 spearman.
  - Salamanca: wood 60 -> 4 spearman.
  - Cordoba: wood 30 -> 2 spearman.
  - Vigo: wood 35 -> 2 spearman (30 wood).
So all can build spearman. This will produce a lot of spearman: total spearman built = 2+2+2+2+2+2+2+4+4+2+2+2+4+2+2 = let's sum: Barcelona 2, Tarragona 2, Girona 2, Castellon 2, Zaragoza 2, Huesca 2, Valencia 2, Teruel 4, Madrid 4, Murcia 2, Pamplona 2, Burgos 2, Salamanca 4, Cordoba 2, Vigo 2. Total = 2*11 + 4*3 = 22 + 12 = 34 spearman. Plus existing 36 spearman = 70 spearman. That's a lot. But we need to check wood costs: each spearman costs 15 wood. Total wood needed = 34*15 = 510 wood. We have stockpiles: we need to ensure each village has enough wood. Let's verify wood available:
- Barcelona: 30 wood -> can build 2 (30 wood). OK.
- Tarragona: 30 -> 2 (30). OK.
- Girona: 30 -> 2 (30). OK.
- Castellon: 30 -> 2 (30). OK.
- Zaragoza: 30 -> 2 (30). OK.
- Huesca: 30 -> 2 (30). OK.
- Valencia: 35 -> 2 (30). OK.
- Teruel: 60 -> 4 (60). OK.
- Madrid: 60 -> 4 (60). OK.
- Murcia: 30 -> 2 (30). OK.
- Pamplona: 30 -> 2 (30). OK.
- Burgos: 30 -> 2 (30). OK.
- Salamanca: 60 -> 4 (60). OK.
- Cordoba: 30 -> 2 (30). OK.
- Vigo: 35 -> 2 (30). OK.
All have enough wood. Iron is not needed for spearman. So we can build all these. This will use up a lot of wood, but next turn they will produce more.

Movements:
- Salamanca: send 6 archers to Coimbra [3]. (1 medium turn)
- Vigo: send 5 archers to Porto [6]. (1 medium turn)
- Madrid: send 3 archers to Salamanca [7]. (Assume 1 turn)
- Burgos: send 2 archer, 2 knight to Vigo [10]. (Assume 1 turn)
- Zaragoza: send 2 archer, 1 knight to Teruel [13]. (1 turn)
- Valencia: send 3 spear, 2 knight to Teruel [13]. (1 turn)
- Castellon: send 2 spear, 1 knight to Teruel [13]. (1 turn)
- Murcia: send 2 spear, 2 archer, 4 knight to Cordoba [11]. (1 turn)
- Pamplona: send 2 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight to Burgos [14]. (Assume 1 turn? Pamplona to Burgos: direct? Let's check road: Pamplona [19] connects to [14] Burgos. So direct. Time? For Pamplona: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". That's to Madrid. To Burgos might be 1 turn? We'll assume 1 turn for medium/fast. But we are sending a mix: spear (slow), archer (medium), knight (fast). The army moves at slow speed. So if the distance is 1 slow turn, it takes 1 turn. If it's 2 slow turns, it takes 2. We need to be careful. Let's check the distance from Pamplona to Burgos. We don't have it. Maybe we should not send from Pamplona to Burgos if it's slow. Instead, we could send from Pamplona to Zaragoza? Or just keep Pamplona's troops. We don't have to send from every village. We can leave some interior villages as is. Let's simplify: we don't need to strip all interior villages. We can leave Pamplona, Huesca, Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona with their troops as strategic reserve. They can be used later. So we can cancel the moves from Pamplona to Burgos, and from Huesca to Zaragoza. Instead, we just build in them and keep the troops. That's safer.

So let's only send from villages that we need to reinforce borders, and we don't need to empty everyone. We need to reinforce Salamanca, Vigo, Teruel, Cordoba. We can send from nearby interior villages.

Revised movements:
- Salamanca: send 6 archers to Coimbra.
- Vigo: send 5 archers to Porto.
- Madrid: send 3 archers to Salamanca. (Madrid keeps 6 knight)
- Burgos: send 2 archer, 2 knight to Vigo. (Burgos keeps 0? But we build 2 spearman there, so next turn it has 2 spearman. That's okay.)
- Zaragoza: send 2 archer, 1 knight to Teruel. (Zaragoza keeps 0, build 2 spearman.)
- Valencia: send 3 spear, 2 knight to Teruel. (Valencia keeps 0, build 2 spearman.)
- Castellon: send 2 spear, 1 knight to Teruel. (Castellon keeps 0, build 2 spearman.)
- Murcia: send 2 spear, 2 archer, 4 knight to Cordoba. (Murcia keeps 0, build 2 spearman.)
- We can also send from Pamplona to Teruel? Pamplona to Teruel: road? Pamplona -> Zaragoza -> Teruel? That's 2 turns. Not in time. So keep Pamplona.
- Huesca: keep.
- Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona: keep.

Now, check the travel times for these movements:
- Madrid to Salamanca: we need to ensure it's 1 turn. If it's 2, then they arrive turn 28, too late for defense on turn 27. Let's see if we can find the time. In the "YOUR VILLAGES" for Madrid, it says "from here to your nearest border village [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That's to Cordoba. To Salamanca? Not given. But Madrid and Salamanca are connected. In the road network, Madrid: [7], [8], [14], [17]. So Salamanca is [7]. So they are directly connected. The time might be similar to Cordoba? Cordoba is 1 slow turn. So Madrid-Salamanca might also be 1 slow turn. Let's assume 1 turn for all speeds. So our 3 archers (medium) will take 1 turn, arrive turn 27. Good.
- Burgos to Vigo: Burgos [14] to Vigo [10] is direct. Time? For Burgos: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". To Vigo? Not given. But likely 1 turn. We send 2 archer, 2 knight. The slowest is medium? Actually, we have archer (medium) and knight (fast). No slow. So speed is medium. If distance is 1 medium turn, they arrive turn 27. Good.
- Zaragoza to Teruel: Zaragoza [17] to Teruel [13] is direct. Time? For Zaragoza: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". To Teruel? Not given. But likely 1 turn. We send 2 archer, 1 knight (medium/fast). Arrive turn 27.
- Valencia to Teruel: Valencia [16] to Teruel [13] direct. For Valencia: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So exactly 1 turn. We send 3 spear, 2 knight. The slowest is spear (slow). So the army moves at slow speed. The time for slow is 1 turn? It says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means if you send slow troops, it takes 1 turn. So they arrive turn 27. Good.
- Castellon to Teruel: Castellon [18] to Teruel [13] direct. For Castellon: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So if we send slow troops (spear), it takes 2 turns. We are sending 2 spear, 1 knight. The slowest is spear, so it takes 2 slow turns. That means they would arrive on turn 28! That's not in time for turn 27 defense. So we should not send spear from Castellon if we want them to arrive on turn 27. We could send only the knight (fast) from Castellon? But we want to send the troops. We could change the order: send only the knight from Castellon to Teruel (1 fast turn, arrive turn 27). Or we could send from somewhere else. Or we can accept that they arrive turn 28. Since Teruel is a border village, it might be attacked on turn 27. If the reinforcements arrive turn 28, they might be too late. But Teruel has other reinforcements arriving on turn 27 (from Zaragoza and Valencia). So Teruel will have some troops on turn 27. Let's calculate Teruel's garrison on turn 27 without Castellon:
Teruel original: 1 spear, 6 archer, 2 knight = 9 troops.
Zaragoza: 2 archer, 1 knight (arrive turn 27)
Valencia: 3 spear, 2 knight (arrive turn 27, slow but 1 turn)
So total on turn 27: 1+3=4 spear, 6+2=8 archer, 2+1+2=5 knight? Wait: Zaragoza gives 2 archer, 1 knight. Valencia gives 3 spear, 2 knight. So spear: 1 (orig) + 3 = 4. Archer: 6 (orig) + 2 = 8. Knight: 2 (orig) + 1 + 2 = 5. Total 17 troops. Plus Teruel builds 4 spearman (ready turn 27) -> 8 spear, 8 archer, 5 knight = 21 troops. That's a strong defense. So we don't need Castellon's troops on turn 27. We can leave Castellon's troops for later, or send only the knight now. Let's just not send from Castellon, or send only the knight. Actually, Castellon has 2 spear, 0 archer, 1 knight. We could send the 1 knight to Teruel (fast, 1 turn). That adds 1 knight. Or we could keep them in Castellon. Let's keep them in Castellon for now, and build 2 spearman there. So Castellon on turn 27 will have 2 spearman + original 2 spear, 1 knight? Wait, we didn't send original, so Castellon keeps 2 spear, 1 knight, plus built 2 spearman = 4 spear, 1 knight. That's fine.

Similarly, Murcia to Cordoba: Murcia [15] to Cordoba [11] direct. For Murcia: "from here to your nearest border village [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So 1 turn. We send 2 spear, 2 archer, 4 knight. Slowest is spear (slow), but time is 1 slow turn, so arrive turn 27. Good.

Now, what about the attack on Coimbra from Salamanca: Salamanca to Coimbra: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". We send 6 archers (medium). So they take 1 medium turn, arrive turn 27. Good.

Attack on Porto from Vigo: we need the time from Vigo to Porto. The report doesn't give it. But Vigo is border with Porto, so they are connected. The time might be 1 turn. Let's check Vigo's "nearest border village" distance: it says "from here to your nearest border village [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That's to Cordoba, not Porto. But Vigo to Porto is likely similar or shorter. Since Vigo is border with Porto, it's probably 1 turn. We'll assume 1 medium turn. So our 5 archers arrive turn 27.

Now, we need to ensure that after sending these attacks, our villages have enough troops to defend. Let's review the resulting garrisons on turn 27 (after all moves and builds):

- Salamanca: sent 6 archers. Original: 6 archers. Built: 4 spearman. Received: 3 archers from Madrid. So total on turn 27: 4 spearman + 3 archers = 7 troops. (Note: the 3 archers from Madrid arrive turn 27, so they are there for defense on turn 27? The enemy attacks on turn 27 would happen after the moves? The timing: turn 27 starts, productions, then moves? Typically, the turn order: 1. Resource production. 2. Build orders (from previous turn? Or builds ordered this turn are ready?). Actually, the rules: "Each village you hold produces resources every turn... Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." So we order builds using current resources. The builds we order on turn 26 use turn 26 resources. They become ready on turn 27. So on turn 27, the new troops are available. Then we give orders for movement on turn 27. The armies we sent on turn 26 arrive on turn 27 at the start? Or during turn 27? The report from last turn: "Your reinforcement (4 archers) arrived at [10] Vigo" etc. Those were troops we sent earlier. They arrived. So arrivals happen at the beginning of the turn? Or during? The exact sequence isn't specified, but typically all movements for a turn happen simultaneously. So on turn 27, our armies from turn 26 arrive, and then we can give new orders. The enemy's turn 27 orders are based on the snapshot at the start of turn 27? No, the rule: "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." That means for turn 26, they used the snapshot at the start of turn 26. For turn 27, they will use the snapshot at the start of turn 27. So on turn 27, the enemy sees the results of turn 26 (our captures, movements) and then write orders for turn 27. So the enemy's turn 27 orders are based on the map after turn 26 resolutions. That means they will see that we captured Coimbra and Porto, and they will see our troop movements. So they might attack our new villages or other villages on turn 27. Their attacks will happen on turn 27 or later depending on speed.

So on turn 27, we will give orders. At that time, our villages have the garrisons we computed. The enemy will give orders based on those garrisons. So we need to have strong garrisons on turn 27 to deter attacks.

Let's compute the effective defense of our key villages on turn 27 (after turn 26 builds and movements, but before turn 27 orders). We need to know the number and type of troops in each village.

We'll go through each village:

1. Barcelona: original 22 (8s,10a,4k). Build 2 spearman -> 10s,10a,4k = 24 troops. No changes from movements. Defense: base = 10*2 + 10*2 + 4*2 = 20+20+8=48. Location: interior, village x1.25? Actually, defense bonus: "Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital)." Barcelona is our capital, so it's a castle? The report says "Barcelona - YOUR CAPITAL". So it's a capital, which is a castle? The rule says "in a castle (capital)". So defense bonus x1.5. So effective defense = 48 * 1.5 = 72. But the report says effective defense 66 with 22 troops. Let's check: with 22 troops (8s,10a,4k): base defense = (8+10+4)*2 = 44? Wait, all troops have defense 2. So total base defense = 22 * 2 = 44. With location bonus: if village x1.25, 44*1.25=55. If castle x1.5, 44*1.5=66. So 66 matches castle x1.5. So Barcelona is a castle. After building 2 spearman, troops = 24, base defense = 48, effective = 48*1.5 = 72.

2. Tarragona: original 15 (0s,14a,1k). Build 2 spearman -> 2s,14a,1k = 17 troops. Location: interior, village? Report says "INTERIOR (no enemy border)". Effective defense was 38 with 15 troops: 15*2=30, 30*1.25=37.5 -> 38. So village x1.25. With 17 troops: 34 base, 34*1.25=42.5 -> 42 or 43.

3. Girona: original 23 (12s,3a,8k). Build 2 spearman -> 14s,3a,8k = 25 troops. Interior, village. Original defense 58: 23*2=46, 46*1.25=57.5->58. New: 25*2=50, 50*1.25=62.5->62.

4. Castellon: original 3 (2s,0a,1k). Build 2 spearman -> 4s,0a,1k = 5 troops. Interior. Original defense 8: 3*2=6, 6*1.25=7.5->8. New: 5*2=10, 10*1.25=12.5->12.

5. Zaragoza: original 3 (0s,2a,1k). Build 2 spearman -> 2s,2a,1k = 5 troops. Interior. Original defense 8: 3*2=6, 6*1.25=7.5->8. New: 5*2=10, 10*1.25=12.5->12. But we also sent Zaragoza's original troops to Teruel? Wait, we ordered: Zaragoza send 2 archer, 1 knight to Teruel. That's all its troops. So Zaragoza sends all its original troops. So on turn 27, Zaragoza has only the newly built 2 spearman. So 2 troops. Defense: 2*2=4, 4*1.25=5.

6. Huesca: original 13 (2s,10a,1k). Build 2 spearman -> 4s,10a,1k = 15 troops. Interior. Original defense 33: 13*2=26, 26*1.25=32.5->33. New: 15*2=30, 30*1.25=37.5->37.

7. Valencia: original 5 (3s,0a,2k). Build 2 spearman -> 5s,0a,2k = 7 troops. But we sent Valencia's original 3 spear, 2 knight to Teruel. So on turn 27, Valencia has only the newly built 2 spearman? Wait, we sent the original troops. So Valencia will have 2 spearman (newly built) on turn 27. So 2 troops. Defense: 2*2=4, 4*1.25=5.

8. Teruel: original 9 (1s,6a,2k). Build 4 spearman -> 5s,6a,2k = 13 troops before movements. Received from Zaragoza: 2a,1k (arrive turn 27). Received from Valencia: 3s,2k (arrive turn 27). So total on turn 27: spear: 5 (orig+build) + 3 = 8? Wait, original spear 1, build 4 = 5. Plus Valencia's 3 = 8 spear. Archer: original 6, plus Zaragoza's 2 = 8 archer. Knight: original 2, plus Zaragoza's 1, plus Valencia's 2 = 5 knight. Total troops = 8+8+5 = 21. Location: Teruel is a border village. Report says "BORDER with [8] (enemy)". Effective defense with 9 troops was 23. 9*2=18, 18*1.25=22.5->23. So village x1.25. With 21 troops: base 42, 42*1.25=52.5->52. So strong defense.

9. Madrid: original 9 (0s,3a,6k). Build 4 spearman -> 4s,3a,6k = 13 troops. But we sent 3 archers to Salamanca. So we send the 3 archers. So Madrid keeps 0 archers? Actually, we send the 3 archers, so they are removed from Madrid. So on turn 27, Madrid has 4 spearman (built) + 6 knight (original) = 10 troops. Location: Madrid is border. Original defense with 9 troops was 23. 9*2=18, 18*1.25=22.5->23. With 10 troops: base 20, 20*1.25=25.

10. Murcia: original 8 (2s,2a,4k). Build 2 spearman -> 4s,2a,4k = 10 troops. But we sent original 2s,2a,4k to Cordoba. So on turn 27, Murcia has only the newly built 2 spearman? Wait, we sent the original troops. So Murcia has 2 spearman. Defense: 2*2=4, 4*1.25=5.

11. Pamplona: original 9 (2s,6a,1k). Build 2 spearman -> 4s,6a,1k = 11 troops. We didn't send any. So on turn 27, Pamplona has 11 troops. Interior. Original defense 23: 9*2=18, 18*1.25=22.5->23. New: 11*2=22, 22*1.25=27.5->27.

12. Burgos: original 4 (0s,2a,2k). Build 2 spearman -> 2s,2a,2k = 6 troops. But we sent original 2a,2k to Vigo. So on turn 27, Burgos has only the newly built 2 spearman? Wait, we sent the original archers and knights. So Burgos has 2 spearman. Defense: 2*2=4, 4*1.25=5.

13. Salamanca: original 6 (0s,6a,0k). Build 4 spearman -> 4s,6a,0k = 10 troops. But we sent 6 archers to Coimbra. So Salamanca sends all 6 archers. So on turn 27, Salamanca has 4 spearman (built) + receives 3 archers from Madrid = 4s,3a,0k = 7 troops. Location: Salamanca is border. Original defense with 6 troops was 15: 6*2=12, 12*1.25=15. With 7 troops: base 14, 14*1.25=17.5->17.

14. Cordoba: original 9 (2s,6a,1k). Build 2 spearman -> 4s,6a,1k = 11 troops. Receives from Murcia: 2s,2a,4k (arrive turn 27). So total on turn 27: spear: 4+2=6; archer: 6+2=8; knight: 1+4=5. Total 19 troops. Location: Cordoba is border. Original defense with 9 troops was 23: 9*2=18, 18*1.25=22.5->23. With 19 troops: base 38, 38*1.25=47.5->47.

15. Vigo: original 8 (2s,5a,1k). Build 2 spearman -> 4s,5a,1k = 10 troops. But we sent 5 archers to Porto. So Vigo sends 5 archers, leaving original: 2s,0a,1k. Then receives from Burgos: 2a,2k (arrive turn 27). So on turn 27, Vigo has: spear: 4 (built) + 2 (orig) = 6? Wait, careful: Vigo's original before sending: 2s,5a,1k. We send 5a. So left: 2s,0a,1k. Then we build 2 spearman -> total spear: 2 (orig) + 2 (build) = 4. Knight: 1 (orig). Then receive from Burgos: 2 archer, 2 knight. So add: archer: 0+2=2; knight: 1+2=3. So final: 4s,2a,3k = 9 troops. Location: Vigo is border. Original defense with 8 troops was 20: 8*2=16, 16*1.25=20. With 9 troops: base 18, 18*1.25=22.5->22.

Now, new villages (after attacks on turn 27):
- Coimbra: we attack with 6 archers from Salamanca. They arrive turn 27. Battle: our 6 archers vs Coimbra garrison (1 knight, defense 3). We win. We lose some. Let's say we lose 1 archer. So 5 archers survive. Coimbra becomes ours. On turn 27, Coimbra has 5 archers. Its defense: base 5*2=10, location? Coimbra was enemy village, now captured. It is a village? Probably village x1.25. So defense 12.5 -> 12. But it's connected to Santarem [1] (enemy). So it's a border village.
- Porto: we attack with 5 archers from Vigo. Arrive turn 27. Battle: 5 archers vs Porto garrison (1a,2k, defense 8). We win. Lose some. Say lose 2, have 3 archers left. Porto becomes ours. Defense: 3*2=6, village x1.25=7.5->7. Porto is connected to Coimbra (now ours), Salamanca (ours), Vigo (ours). So interior? Actually, no enemy border. So it's interior. But the defense bonus is x1.25 anyway. So defense 7.

So on turn 27, after all moves, we have 17 villages (15 original + Coimbra + Porto). We need one more. We also have many troops in various villages.

Now, on turn 27, we need to plan our moves to capture the third village (Badajoz) and reinforce our new villages.

On turn 27, we have the following troops available to send (from the garrisons above):
- Salamanca: 4 spearman, 3 archers. We can send them. We need to reinforce Coimbra (from Santarem threat) and Badajoz (to capture). We could send the 3 archers to Badajoz (1 medium turn, arrive turn 28). And send the 4 spearman to Coimbra? But spearman are slow: Salamanca to Coimbra is 2 slow turns, so they would arrive turn 29. That's late. Alternatively, send from somewhere else to Coimbra. We have Porto with 3 archers. Porto to Coimbra: direct, likely 1 turn. We could send Porto's 3 archers to Coimbra on turn 27 to reinforce? But Porto just got captured; we might want to keep them there. Actually, Porto is safe because all connections are ours. So we can send Porto's archers to Coimbra to help defend against Santarem. That's a good idea. On turn 27, we can send Porto's 3 archers to Coimbra. They arrive turn 28. That would reinforce Coimbra. But Coimbra might be attacked on turn 27? The enemy could attack Coimbra on turn 27 from Santarem. Their turn 27 orders are based on the start of turn 27, when Coimbra is still enemy? Actually, at the start of turn 27, Coimbra is enemy (since our attack hasn't arrived yet? Wait, the turn 26 moves happen on turn 26? The sequence: We give orders on turn 26. The moves and battles happen. At the end of turn 26, the results are in. So at the start of turn 27, Coimbra is already ours (if the battle was resolved on turn 26). The report says "You attacked [7] Salamanca: VICTORY, conquered" happened last turn. So conquests happen on the turn the attack arrives. So if our archers arrive on turn 27, the conquest happens on turn 27. So at the start of turn 27, Coimbra is still enemy. The enemy writes orders for turn 27 based on that. So they could send troops from Santarem to Coimbra on turn 27. Those troops would arrive on turn 28 (or later). So Coimbra might be attacked on turn 28. We need to have troops there on turn 28 to defend. Our reinforcements from Porto (if we send on turn 27) would arrive on turn 28. So they would be there to defend. Good.

But we also need to capture Badajoz. We can send from Salamanca's 3 archers to Badajoz on turn 27. They arrive turn 28. Attack Badajoz: 3 archers attack 6, defense 8, we need more. So we need more troops. We could send from Madrid? Madrid has 4 spearman, 6 knight. We could send the 6 knight to Badajoz? Madrid to Badajoz via Salamanca: time? If Madrid to Salamanca is 1 turn, and Salamanca to Badajoz is 1 medium turn, total 2 medium turns. Knights are fast, so if we send knights, they might take 2 fast turns? Actually, the time from Madrid to Badajoz: we need to know the fast time. If Madrid-Salamanca is 1 fast turn, and Salamanca-Badajoz is 1 fast turn, total 2 fast turns. So if we send knights on turn 27, they arrive turn 29. That's late. If we send archers, 2 medium turns, arrive turn 29. So Madrid to Badajoz is 2 turns. Not great.

What if we attack Badajoz from Salamanca on turn 27 with more troops? We can build more troops at Salamanca on turn 27. Salamanca on turn 27 has wood 30, iron 80 (after building 4 spearman on turn 26). It can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearman (30 wood). Let's build 1 archer. Then on turn 28, Salamanca will have that archer. But we need to send on turn 27. We can send the 3 archers we have, and also the 4 spearman? If we send all 7 troops (4s,3a) to Badajoz, the army moves at slow speed (spearman). Salamanca to Badajoz slow time is 2 turns. So they would arrive turn 29. That's late. If we send only the 3 archers, they arrive turn 28. But 3 archers not enough. So we need to send a stronger force of archers. We could get archers from somewhere else. For example, from Madrid we have 6 knight, but they are fast. If we send knights, they arrive turn 29? Actually, if we send knights from Madrid to Badajoz, they take 2 fast turns? Let's determine the time from Madrid to Badajoz. We need to know the distance. Since we don't have exact times, maybe we should attack Badajoz from a different village.

What about attacking Badajoz from Teruel? Teruel to Badajoz: road? Teruel -> Toledo -> Badajoz. That goes through enemy Toledo, so the army would stop at Toledo. So we would attack Toledo instead. That might be a good idea: attack Toledo from Teruel. Toledo has defense 28. Teruel has 21 troops (8s,8a,5k) on turn 27. If we send them to Toledo, they would attack Toledo. Let's see if we can win. Teruel to Toledo: road direct? Teruel [13] connects to [8] Toledo. So direct. Time? For Teruel: "from here to your nearest border village [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That's to Cordoba. To Toledo? Not given. But since they are connected, likely 1 turn. So if we send from Teruel on turn 27, they arrive turn 28. Attack on Toledo: our 21 troops. We need to choose which to send. We can send a mix to get counter bonus. Toledo garrison: 5 archer, 6 knight. Most numerous: knight. So we want spearmen to counter. Teruel has 8 spear, 8 archer, 5 knight. If we send all, most numerous? 8 spear, 8 archer - tie. The rule: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So tie between spear and archer breaks in order: spearman first. So most numerous is spearman. So we get counter bonus against knight? Spearman counters knight, so yes, we get 1.5x bonus. Our attack: spear 8*1=8, archer 8*2=16, knight 5*4=20. Total = 44. With bonus 1.5x = 66. Enemy defense 28. We win massively. We would capture Toledo on turn 28. That would be our 18th village! Then we hold on turn 29. That's a great plan.

Let's check: Teruel to Toledo travel time. We need to know how many turns. Teruel is border with Toledo. The report for Teruel says: "from here to your nearest border village [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That's to Cordoba. To Toledo, it's a direct road. The distance might be 1 turn. But we need to be sure. In the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" for Toledo, it says "march from [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". It doesn't list from Teruel. But since Teruel is also connected to Toledo, the time might be similar. Let's assume it's 1 turn for all speeds. So if we send from Teruel on turn 27, they arrive turn 28. That works.

So on turn 27, we can send Teruel's troops to attack Toledo. We should send a force that can win. We have 21 troops in Teruel. We can send all of them? If we send all, Teruel becomes empty. But Teruel is a border village; if we empty it, the enemy could attack it from Toledo? But we are attacking Toledo, so the enemy might not have troops to attack Teruel? Actually, the enemy could send from Toledo to Teruel on turn 27? At the start of turn 27, Toledo is enemy. They could send troops from Toledo to Teruel on turn 27. Those troops would arrive on turn 28. If we empty Teruel on turn 27, then on turn 28, Teruel is empty, and the enemy could capture it? But we are also attacking Toledo on turn 27, arriving turn 28. So on turn 28, both battles happen: our attack on Toledo, and enemy attack on Teruel. If we win both, we capture Toledo and lose Teruel? That would be a bad trade. We need to keep some troops in Teruel to defend, or ensure the enemy doesn't attack. The enemy might not attack Teruel if they are defending Toledo. They don't know we are attacking Toledo. They might just reinforce Toledo or attack elsewhere. It's a risk.

We could send only part of Teruel's troops to Toledo, leaving a defense. For example, send 8 spear, 8 archer? That's 16 troops, leaving 5 knight in Teruel. Let's calculate the attack force. If we send 8 spear and 8 archer: most numerous? 8 spear, 8 archer tie, breaks to spear. So most numerous spear, counter vs knight (since Toledo has knights). Attack: spear 8, archer 16, total 24. With bonus 1.5 = 36. Defense 28. Win. We can also send some knights? But we want to leave knights for defense. Let's send 8 spear, 8 archer, and maybe 1 knight? That would make most numerous still spear? 8 spear, 8 archer, 1 knight: tie between spear and archer, breaks to spear. So bonus still applies. Attack: 8 + 16 + 4 = 28, with bonus 42. Win. We can leave 4 knight in Teruel for defense. That's a good plan.

But we need to ensure the troops we send can reach Toledo in time. If we send on turn 27, they arrive turn 28. We capture Toledo on turn 28. Then we have 18 villages (15 + Coimbra + Porto + Toledo). Then on turn 29, we need to hold. The enemy might try to retake Toledo or other villages. We need to have reinforcements ready.

Let's refine the plan for turn 27:

After turn 26, our villages have the garrisons we computed. On turn 27, we will give orders. We need to decide builds and movements for turn 27.

Turn 27 orders:
Builds: We can build more troops to replace what we send and to reinforce.
- Salamanca: has wood 30, iron 80. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearman (30 wood). Let's build 2 spearman to have more spearman for future.
- Teruel: has wood? Teruel started with wood 60, we built 4 spearman (60 wood) on turn 26. So on turn 27, Teruel has wood 30 (production), iron 20? Actually, Teruel iron was 40, production 20, so iron 60. But we spent 0 iron on spearman. So Teruel has wood 30, iron 60. It can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 2 spearman to increase spear.
- Madrid: started wood 60, built 4 spearman (60 wood). So on turn 27, wood 30, iron 60? Iron was 40, production 20 = 60. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Build 2 spearman.
- Vigo: started wood 35, built 2 spearman (30 wood). So wood 5 + 30 = 35? Actually, production adds 30 wood, so wood = 5 + 30 = 35? Wait, we spent 30, so wood was 35-30=5. Then production 30 -> 35. Iron: 40 + 20 = 60. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Build 2 spearman.
- Cordoba: started wood 30, built 2 spearman (30 wood). So wood 0 + 30 = 30. Iron: 30 + 20 = 50. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood). Build 2 spearman.
- Other villages: we can build to replenish. But let's focus on key ones.

Movements:
- Teruel: send 8 spear, 8 archer, 1 knight to Toledo [8]. (Assume 1 turn, arrive turn 28). Leave in Teruel: 4 knight (original 5? Wait, Teruel had 5 knight total. We send 1 knight, so leave 4 knight. Also we built 2 spearman on turn 27? Actually, the builds on turn 27 are ready at the end of turn 27? Or can be used on turn 27? The rule: "ready in 1 turn". So if we order build on turn 27, they are ready on turn 28. So they cannot be sent on turn 27. So for movements on turn 27, we can only use troops that were present at the start of turn 27. Those are the troops we computed after turn 26 moves and builds. So Teruel has 8 spear, 8 archer, 5 knight at the start of turn 27. We can send some. We'll send 8 spear, 8 archer, 1 knight. Leave 4 knight. (We could also send some of the 4 knight, but we want to leave defense.)
- Salamanca: send 3 archers to Badajoz [4]. (1 medium turn, arrive turn 28). Leave 4 spearman in Salamanca.
- Porto: send 3 archers to Coimbra [3] to reinforce. (Assume 1 turn, arrive turn 28). Porto left with 0? But Porto is safe, so okay.
- Madrid: send 4 spearman to Salamanca? Or keep? Madrid has 4 spearman, 6 knight. We could send some to reinforce Salamanca or keep. Salamanca already has 4 spearman. Maybe send Madrid's 4 spearman to Teruel to reinforce after we send troops away? But Teruel is keeping 4 knight. We could send Madrid's spearman to Teruel on turn 27? Madrid to Teruel: road? Madrid to Teruel via Toledo? That would go through enemy Toledo, so would stop there. So cannot send to Teruel directly without attacking Toledo. So we can't reinforce Teruel from Madrid easily. Better to keep Madrid's troops in Madrid.
- Burgos: has 2 spearman. Send to Vigo? Vigo has 9 troops. Not needed.
- Zaragoza: has 2 spearman. Send to Teruel? Zaragoza to Teruel is direct, 1 turn. We can send Zaragoza's 2 spearman to Teruel to reinforce. They would arrive turn 28. So on turn 28, Teruel would have those 2 spearman + the 4 knight we left = 6 troops. Good.
- Valencia: has 2 spearman. Send to Teruel? Valencia to Teruel direct, 1 turn. Send them. Arrive turn 28.
- Castellon: has 4 spear, 1 knight? Actually Castellon on turn 27: we didn't send original, so it has 2 spear (orig) + 1 knight + 2 spearman (built) = 4 spear, 1 knight. Send to Teruel? Castellon to Teruel: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. If we send spear (slow), takes 2 turns, arrive turn 29. If we send knight (fast), 1 turn. We could send the 1 knight to Teruel. Or keep.
- Murcia: has 2 spearman. Send to Cordoba? Murcia to Cordoba direct, 1 turn. Send to reinforce Cordoba.
- Pamplona: has 11 troops. Keep or send some to Burgos? Not critical.
- Huesca: has 15 troops. Keep.
- Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona: keep.

We also need to consider that the enemy might attack. Let's think about the enemy's possible moves on turn 27. They see that we captured Coimbra and Porto. They might try to retake them. They could attack Coimbra from Santarem. They could attack Porto from? Porto is only connected to our villages, so they can't attack it directly unless they go through Coimbra first. So they might attack Coimbra. They might also attack our other border villages: Salamanca from Badajoz, Madrid from Toledo, Teruel from Toledo, Cordoba from Toledo or Sevilha, Vigo from? Vigo is connected to Porto (ours) and Burgos (ours) and? Actually Vigo connects to [6] Porto (ours) and [14] Burgos (ours). So Vigo is safe. So the main threats are: Coimbra from Santarem, Salamanca from Badajoz, Madrid from Toledo, Teruel from Toledo, Cordoba from Toledo/Sevilha.

We are sending reinforcements to Coimbra (from Porto) and to Teruel (from Zaragoza, Valencia). Salamanca has 4 spearman + 3 archers (but we are sending the 3 archers to Badajoz, so on turn 27 we order that, but they will leave Salamanca. So for defense on turn 27, Salamanca will have only 4 spearman? Wait, the enemy's turn 27 orders are based on the start of turn 27. At that time, Salamanca has 4 spearman + 3 archers. If the enemy attacks Salamanca on turn 27, they will send troops that arrive on turn 28 or later. Our troops that we send on turn 27 (the 3 archers to Badajoz) leave on turn 27. So on turn 28, when the enemy arrives, Salamanca will have only the 4 spearman (plus any reinforcements we send on turn 27 that arrive on turn 28). We are not sending reinforcements to Salamanca on turn 27 (except maybe from Madrid? We didn't plan to). So Salamanca might be weak on turn 28. We should keep the 3 archers in Salamanca for defense, and send something else to Badajoz. But we need to capture Badajoz. We could send from somewhere else to Badajoz. For example, from Madrid? Madrid to Badajoz: 2 turns. If we send on turn 27, arrive turn 29. That's late. Or we could send from Teruel to Badajoz? Teruel to Badajoz via Toledo: would stop at Toledo. So no.

What if we attack Badajoz from Salamanca on turn 27 with the 4 spearman and 3 archers? If we send all, they move at slow speed (spearman), so arrive turn 29. That's late. If we send only the 3 archers, they arrive turn 28, but not enough to win (attack 6 vs defense 8). We need more archers. We could build more archers at Salamanca on turn 27? We can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). That archer would be ready on turn 28, so we could send it on turn 28. Not in time for turn 28 attack.

Maybe we should attack Badajoz on turn 26 instead of Coimbra? Let's reconsider the whole sequence. We need 3 villages. We have many troops. Perhaps we can capture Badajoz, Coimbra, and Porto all on turn 26? But we only have 6 archers in Salamanca, which can only reach one of them. We have Vigo's 5 archers for Porto. We have other villages with troops. Could we attack Badajoz from Madrid? If we send Madrid's 3 archer and 6 knight to Badajoz on turn 26, they would take 2 turns (Madrid->Salamanca->Badajoz). Arrive turn 28. That's okay. Then on turn 27, we can attack Coimbra from Salamanca with the 6 archers? But Salamanca's archers are still there. So we can do both: Madrid to Badajoz (turn 26, arrive 28), Salamanca to Coimbra (turn 26, arrive 27), Vigo to Porto (turn 26, arrive 27). That gives us Coimbra and Porto on turn 27, Badajoz on turn 28. Then on turn 28 we have 18. That works, and we don't strip Salamanca's archers for Badajoz; we use Madrid for Badajoz. Let's evaluate that.

Plan D:
Turn 26:
- Salamanca: send 6 archers to Coimbra (arrive 27).
- Vigo: send 5 archers to Porto (arrive 27).
- Madrid: send 3 archer, 6 knight to Badajoz (arrive 28). (We need to confirm travel time: Madrid to Badajoz via Salamanca. We need to know the time. Let's assume Madrid->Salamanca is 1 turn for all speeds, and Salamanca->Badajoz is 1 medium/1 fast? Actually Salamanca->Badajoz: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So if we send knights (fast), Madrid->Salamanca fast: 1 turn? Salamanca->Badajoz fast: 1 turn. Total 2 fast turns. So knights take 2 turns. Archers (medium): Madrid->Salamanca medium: 1 turn? Salamanca->Badajoz medium: 1 turn. Total 2 medium turns. So both arrive turn 28. Good.)
- Build: same as before, but Madrid builds? Madrid sends its 3 archers and 6 knights, so it will be empty. We should build in Madrid to replace. Madrid can build 4 spearman (60 wood). So on turn 27, Madrid has 4 spearman.
- Reinforce other borders as before.

Then on turn 27:
- We have Coimbra and Porto.
- Madrid has 4 spearman. We can send them to reinforce Madrid? They are there. Or send to Salamanca? Madrid to Salamanca: 1 turn. We can send the 4 spearman to Salamanca to reinforce, since Salamanca will have sent its archers to Coimbra, leaving it with only newly built spearman? Wait, in this plan, Salamanca on turn 26 builds 4 spearman (as before). So on turn 27, Salamanca has 4 spearman (built) + 0 archers (sent). So Salamanca has 4 spearman. We can send Madrid's 4 spearman to Salamanca on turn 27, arriving turn 28. That would reinforce Salamanca.
- Teruel: we can plan to attack Toledo on turn 27 as before, or attack Badajoz? But Badajoz is being attacked by Madrid, arriving turn 28. So we don't need to attack Badajoz again.
- We need to prepare for defense of Coimbra and Porto. Send from Porto to Coimbra as before.
- Send reinforcements to Teruel, Cordoba as before.

This plan seems more balanced because we don't strip Salamanca completely; we use Madrid for Badajoz. Madrid has strong troops (3 archer, 6 knight) that can take Badajoz easily. Let's verify the attack from Madrid to Badajoz: Madrid sends 3 archer, 6 knight. Attack: archer 3*2=6, knight 6*4=24, total 30. Badajoz defense 8. Win. We lose some, but Badajoz is captured. Madrid becomes empty, but we build 4 spearman there on turn 26, so on turn 27 Madrid has 4 spearman. That's a defense. Madrid is border with Toledo. If the enemy attacks Madrid from Toledo on turn 27, they would face 4 spearman on turn 28? Actually, if the enemy attacks on turn 27, their troops arrive on turn 28 (if 1 turn). Our 4 spearman are there from turn 27 onwards. So they can defend. 4 spearman defense: base 8, with village bonus 1.25 = 10. Toledo's attack: 5 archer (10) + 6 knight (24) = 34. They would win easily. So Madrid would fall. So we need more defense in Madrid. We could send reinforcements to Madrid on turn 27 from somewhere. For example, from Burgos (2 spearman) or Zaragoza (2 spearman). Burgos to Madrid: 1 turn. Zaragoza to Madrid: 1 turn. So we can send them on turn 27 to arrive turn 28. But the enemy attack would also arrive turn 28. So they might fight. If we send 2 spearman from Burgos and 2 from Zaragoza, that's 4 more spearman. Madrid would have 4 (built) + 4 = 8 spearman. Defense: base 16, with bonus 20. Still less than 34. So Madrid might still fall. We could send from other places. But maybe the enemy won't attack Madrid because they might defend Toledo? We don't know.

Perhaps we should keep some of Madrid's original troops to defend, and send only part to Badajoz. For example, send only the 6 knights to Badajoz? Attack 24 vs 8, win. Leave the 3 archers in Madrid. Then Madrid has 3 archers + 4 spearman built = 7 troops. Defense: base 14, bonus 17.5 -> 17. Still weak against 34. So Madrid is vulnerable to a Toledo attack. To strengthen Madrid, we could send troops from interior villages on turn 26 to arrive on turn 27. For instance, from Burgos (2 archer, 2 knight) to Madrid on turn 26: they would arrive turn 27. Then on turn 27, Madrid would have 3 archers (orig) + 2 archer, 2 knight (from Burgos) + 4 spearman (built) = 3 archer, 2 archer, 2 knight, 4 spearman = 5 archer, 2 knight, 4 spearman = 11 troops. Defense: base 22, bonus 27.5 -> 27. Still less than 34. So still vulnerable.

Maybe we should not attack Badajoz from Madrid. Instead, we should attack Badajoz from Salamanca, but we need to do it without leaving Salamanca weak. We could build more troops at Salamanca. On turn 26, Salamanca can build archers instead of spearman. If we build 3 archers at Salamanca (60 wood, 30 iron), then on turn 27 Salamanca has 6 archers (original) + 3 archers (built) = 9 archers. But we want to send some to Coimbra and some to Badajoz. We could send 6 archers to Coimbra on turn 26, leaving 3 archers built? No, the built ones are ready turn 27. So on turn 26, we send the 6 original archers to Coimbra. On turn 27, Salamanca has the 3 newly built archers. We can send them to Badajoz on turn 27 (arrive turn 28). 3 archers attack 6, need more. Not enough. We could also send the 4 spearman we built? But they are slow. If we send them with the archers, the army moves slow, arrive turn 29. So we need a faster way to get more troops to Badajoz.

What if we attack Badajoz from Teruel? Teruel to Badajoz: Teruel -> Toledo -> Badajoz. That attacks Toledo first. So we would need to capture Toledo first. If we capture Toledo on turn 28 (from Teruel), then on turn 29 we could attack Badajoz from Toledo. That would be turn 29 for Badajoz, then 18 on turn 29, hold on turn 30. That's acceptable.

Let's consider a plan where we capture Coimbra and Porto on turn 27, Toledo on turn 28, and then we already have 18? Wait, we start with 15. Coimbra + Porto = 17. Toledo = 18. So if we capture Toledo on turn 28, we have 18 on turn 28. Then hold on turn 29. That works. We don't need Badajoz. In fact, Toledo is a better prize than Badajoz because it's centrally located and connects to many of our villages. So let's aim for Toledo as our third village.

So Plan E: Capture Coimbra and Porto on turn 27 (using Salamanca and Vigo). Capture Toledo on turn 28 (using Teruel). That gives 18 on turn 28.

Let's verify Teruel's ability to capture Toledo on turn 28. We need to send from Teruel on turn 27. Teruel on turn 27 has 8 spear, 8 archer, 5 knight (after turn 26 builds and reinforcements). We can send a strong force. Let's calculate the attack on Toledo. Toledo garrison: 5 archer, 6 knight, defense 28. We want to send a force that can win. We can send 8 spear, 8 archer, 1 knight as before. Attack: spear 8, archer 16, knight 4 = 28. With counter bonus (most numerous spear vs knight) 1.5x = 42. Defense 28. Win. We might lose some troops. After battle, we occupy Toledo. We need to leave enough troops in Teruel to defend against possible enemy attack from? Teruel is connected to Toledo (which we will own), Valencia, Zaragoza, Castellon. So after capturing Toledo, Teruel's only enemy neighbor is gone? Actually, Teruel connects to [8] Toledo (now ours), [16] Valencia (ours), [17] Zaragoza (ours), [18] Castellon (ours). So Teruel becomes interior! So it's safe. So we can send most of Teruel's troops to attack, leaving a small garrison. That's great.

So on turn 27, we can send from Teruel: 8 spear, 8 archer, 1 knight to Toledo. Leave 4 knight in Teruel. Then on turn 28, we capture Toledo. Teruel then has 4 knight + any reinforcements we send on turn 27 (from Zaragoza, Valencia). So Teruel will have a decent garrison.

Now, what about the enemy's turn 27 moves? They might attack Teruel from Toledo on turn 27. If they do, they would send troops from Toledo to Teruel. Those troops would arrive on turn 28 (if 1 turn). Our attack on Toledo also arrives on turn 28. So on turn 28, we have our attack arriving at Toledo, and the enemy attack arriving at Teruel. If we leave 4 knight in Teruel, they might defend against the enemy attack. Let's see if 4 knight can hold. Enemy from Toledo: 5 archer, 6 knight. Attack: 5*2=10, 6*4=24, total 34. Our defense: 4 knight base defense 8, village bonus 1.25 = 10. We lose badly. So if the enemy attacks Teruel, they will take it. That would be a problem. We need to leave a stronger defense in Teruel, or ensure the enemy doesn't attack. The enemy might not attack Teruel if they are more concerned about defending Toledo. But we can't assume that. To be safe, we should leave more troops in Teruel. We could send only 6 spear, 6 archer to Toledo, leaving 2 spear, 2 archer, 5 knight? That's 9 troops. Defense: base 18, bonus 22.5 -> 22. Still less than 34. We need to leave enough to defend. Actually, if the enemy attacks Teruel, they will use their attack force. Our defense needs to be higher than their attack to win, or at least tie (tie goes to defender). If we have defense 22 and they attack 34, they win. So we need defense > 34 to hold. That's a lot. We could reinforce Teruel on turn 27 from other villages to arrive on turn 28. For example, send from Zaragoza (2 spearman) and Valencia (2 spearman) on turn 27, they arrive turn 28. So on turn 28, Teruel would have the garrison we left + those reinforcements. If we leave 4 knight (defense 10) + 4 spearman (defense 8) = defense base 18, bonus 22.5. Still not enough. We could send from Huesca? Huesca has 15 troops. We could send some from Huesca to Teruel on turn 27. Huesca to Teruel: road? Huesca -> Zaragoza -> Teruel. That's 2 turns. So they would arrive turn 29. Too late.

So maybe we should not attack Toledo from Teruel if it leaves Teruel vulnerable. Instead, we could attack Toledo from Madrid. Madrid on turn 27 has 4 spearman, 6 knight (if we didn't send them to Badajoz). Let's say we keep Madrid's troops. Madrid to Toledo: direct, 1 turn. If we send from Madrid on turn 27, they arrive turn 28. We can send a strong force. Madrid has 4 spear, 6 knight? Actually, if we don't send Madrid's troops to Badajoz, Madrid on turn 27 has: original 3 archer, 6 knight? Wait, we need to decide turn 26 moves. If we don't send Madrid's troops anywhere, Madrid on turn 26 keeps 3 archer, 6 knight. We build 4 spearman. So on turn 27, Madrid has 4 spear, 3 archer, 6 knight = 13 troops. We can send them to Toledo. Attack: spear 4, archer 6, knight 24 = 34. Most numerous? Knight (6) vs archer (3) vs spear (4). Most numerous is knight. Enemy most numerous is knight. No counter. Attack 34 vs defense 28. Win. We can leave some in Madrid? Madrid would be empty. But Madrid is border with Toledo. If we attack Toledo, the enemy might attack Madrid from Toledo on turn 27. If Madrid is empty, they could capture it. So we need to leave a garrison. We could send only part: e.g., send 6 knight, 3 archer? That's 9 troops, attack 24+6=30, win. Leave 4 spear in Madrid. Defense of Madrid with 4 spear: base 8, bonus 10. Enemy from Toledo: 34 attack, they win. So Madrid falls. So we need to reinforce Madrid from elsewhere on turn 27. For example, from Burgos (2 spearman) and Zaragoza (2 spearman) to Madrid on turn 27, arriving turn 28. Then Madrid on turn 28 has 4 spear + 4 spear = 8 spear, defense base 16, bonus 20. Still not enough. So Madrid is hard to defend against a full Toledo attack.

Maybe the enemy won't attack Madrid because they might be on the defensive. But we can't count on it.

What about attacking Sevilha? Sevilha is strong (defense 58). Not easy.

What about attacking Faro? We don't see it now.

Maybe we should attack Badajoz from Salamanca on turn 26, and Coimbra from somewhere else? But Coimbra is only from Salamanca.

Let's think about the overall strength. We have 146 troops. The enemy has maybe 52 visible. We are building many spearman. By turn 27, we will have a lot of troops. We can afford to lose some villages if we can retake them. But the win condition is holding 18 for 2 turns. If we lose a village, we might drop below 18. So we need to be careful.

Perhaps we should focus on defending our current villages and capturing one village at a time, ensuring we can hold it. We have 15. We need 3. Let's capture Coimbra and Porto on turn 27. That gives 17. Then for the third, we can capture Badajoz on turn 28 from Salamanca, but we need to have enough troops to do it and hold it. We can build up Salamanca's troops on turn 27 to send a strong force to Badajoz on turn 27 (arriving turn 28). Let's see if we can get enough troops in Salamanca on turn 27 to send to Badajoz.

On turn 26, Salamanca builds: we can build archers instead of spearman. Let's say we build 3 archers at Salamanca (60 wood, 30 iron). Then on turn 27, Salamanca has 3 archers (built) + we can also send from somewhere else to Salamanca on turn 26 to arrive turn 27. For example, Madrid sends 3 archers to Salamanca on turn 26 (arrive 27). So on turn 27, Salamanca has 3 (built) + 3 (from Madrid) = 6 archers. Plus we didn't send Salamanca's original 6 archers? Wait, if we build 3 archers, we use wood. But we also want to send the original 6 archers to Coimbra on turn 26. So on turn 26, we send the 6 original archers to Coimbra. So on turn 27, Salamanca has the 3 newly built archers + 3 from Madrid = 6 archers. Then on turn 27, we can send these 6 archers to Badajoz. They arrive turn 28. Attack: 6 archers = 12, defense 8, win. We lose some, but Badajoz captured. That works! And Salamanca is left with 0? But we can also build more on turn 27. Let's check resources: Salamanca turn 26: wood 60, iron 60. Build 3 archers: cost 60 wood, 30 iron. So wood 0, iron 30. Then production: wood 30, iron 20 -> wood 30, iron 50. On turn 27, we can build more. So this is feasible.

Let's detail this plan:

Plan F: 
Turn 26:
- Salamanca: build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Send 6 archers to Coimbra.
- Vigo: build 2 spearman (30 wood). Send 5 archers to Porto.
- Madrid: send 3 archers to Salamanca (arrive 27). Keep 6 knight. Build 4 spearman (60 wood) in Madrid.
- Other villages: build spearman as before, send reinforcements to borders as before (Burgos to Vigo, Zaragoza to Teruel, Valencia to Teruel, Murcia to Cordoba, etc.)
- Teruel: build 4 spearman. Receive reinforcements. Plan to attack Toledo? Or Badajoz? We'll decide later.

On turn 27:
- Salamanca has: 3 archers (built) + 3 archers (from Madrid) = 6 archers. Also, we can build more on turn 27: Salamanca has wood 30, iron 50. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearman (30 wood). Let's build 1 archer to have 7 archers? But we can only send what we have at start of turn 27. The newly built on turn 27 are ready turn 28. So for sending on turn 27, we have 6 archers.
- Send Salamanca's 6 archers to Badajoz [4]. (1 medium turn, arrive 28). Attack Badajoz: 12 vs 8, win. Capture Badajoz on turn 28.
- Coimbra and Porto are captured on turn 27 (from turn 26 attacks). So on turn 27, we have 17 villages. On turn 28, we capture Badajoz -> 18.
- We need to reinforce Coimbra and Porto. Send from Porto's 3 archers to Coimbra on turn 27 (arrive 28). Send from somewhere to Porto? Porto is safe.
- Send reinforcements to other borders.

Now, check the defense of Salamanca after sending the 6 archers on turn 27. Salamanca will have 0 troops on turn 28? But we can send reinforcements to Salamanca on turn 27 from somewhere. For example, from Madrid? Madrid on turn 27 has 4 spearman, 6 knight. We could send the 4 spearman to Salamanca on turn 27 (1 turn, arrive 28). That would give Salamanca 4 spearman on turn 28. Or we could keep them in Madrid. We need to decide.

Also, we need to ensure that the enemy doesn't take advantage of our movements. Let's list the garrisons on turn 27 for key villages:

- Salamanca: start of turn 27: 6 archers (3 built + 3 from Madrid). We send 6 archers to Badajoz on turn 27. So Salamanca becomes empty on turn 28 unless we send reinforcements on turn 27.
- Madrid: start of turn 27: 4 spearman, 6 knight (since we sent 3 archers on turn 26). We can send some on turn 27.
- Teruel: start of turn 27: 8 spear, 8 archer, 5 knight (after turn 26 builds and reinforcements). We can send some.
- Cordoba: start of turn 27: 6 spear, 8 archer, 5 knight (after builds and Murcia reinforcement). 
- Vigo: start of turn 27: 4 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight? Wait, we need to recalc Vigo with the new plan: Vigo turn 26: original 2s,5a,1k. Build 2 spearman -> 4s,5a,1k. Send 5 archers to Porto -> leave 4s,0a,1k. Receive from Burgos: 2 archer, 2 knight (arrive 27). So on turn 27, Vigo has 4s,2a,3k = 9 troops. Good.
- Coimbra: after attack on turn 27, has 5 archers (say). 
- Porto: after attack on turn 27, has 3 archers.

Now, on turn 27, the enemy writes orders based on this. They might attack Salamanca from Badajoz? Badajoz is still enemy at start of turn 27. They could send troops from Badajoz to Salamanca. Those troops would arrive on turn 28 (if 1 turn). If we send Salamanca's 6 archers to Badajoz on turn 27, they leave. So on turn 28, Salamanca might have 0 troops if we don't reinforce. The enemy from Badajoz would arrive and could capture Salamanca. That's a risk. To prevent this, we should leave some troops in Salamanca, or send reinforcements that arrive on turn 28. We can send from Madrid to Salamanca on turn 27. Madrid has 4 spearman, 6 knight. We could send the 4 spearman to Salamanca on turn 27 (1 turn, arrive 28). Then on turn 28, Salamanca has 4 spearman. If the enemy attacks from Badajoz, they will face 4 spearman. Let's see if that can hold. Enemy from Badajoz: they have 3 knights. Attack: 3*4=12. Our defense: 4 spearman base 8, bonus 10. 10 vs 12, we lose? Actually, defense is 10, attack 12, they win. So we would lose Salamanca. So we need more. We could send the 6 knight from Madrid to Salamanca? But then Madrid is empty. Madrid might be attacked from Toledo. So we need to balance.

Maybe we should not send all 6 archers from Salamanca to Badajoz. We could send only 3 archers, leaving 3 archers in Salamanca. But then attack on Badajoz: 3 archers = 6, defense 8, not enough. So we need more. We could send the 3 archers plus some spearman? But spearman slow, so they'd arrive turn 29. Not good.

What if we attack Badajoz from Madrid on turn 27 instead? Let's revisit: Madrid on turn 27 has 4 spear, 6 knight. We could send the 6 knight to Badajoz on turn 27. Madrid to Badajoz: 2 fast turns? If we send knights, they take 2 turns? Actually, we need to know the time. If Madrid->Salamanca is 1 fast turn, and Salamanca->Badajoz is 1 fast turn, total 2 fast turns. So they would arrive turn 29. That's late. If we send archers, 2 medium turns, arrive turn 29. So Madrid to Badajoz is 2 turns. So if we send on turn 27, arrive turn 29. That's too late if we want 18 on turn 28.

What if we attack Badajoz from Teruel? Teruel to Badajoz via Toledo: 2 turns? Teruel->Toledo: 1 turn, Toledo->Badajoz: 1 turn? Total 2 turns. So if we send on turn 27, arrive turn 29. Same.

So to capture Badajoz on turn 28, we need to send on turn 26 from a village that is 1 turn away? Salamanca is 1 medium turn away. So we must send from Salamanca on turn 26 to arrive on turn 27? Wait, Salamanca to Badajoz: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So if we send archers (medium), it takes 1 turn. So if we send on turn 26, they arrive turn 27. If we send on turn 27, they arrive turn 28. So to capture on turn 28, we can send on turn 27. To capture on turn 27, we send on turn 26. So if we want Badajoz on turn 28, we send on turn 27 from Salamanca. That's what we planned. But then Salamanca is empty on turn 28? Actually, the troops leave on turn 27, arrive turn 28. So on turn 28, they are in Badajoz. Salamanca is empty from turn 28 until reinforcements arrive. If the enemy attacks Salamanca on turn 27 (ordering on turn 27 based on start of turn 27 when Salamanca has troops), their troops would arrive on turn 28 (if 1 turn). So they would arrive at Salamanca on turn 28, the same day our troops arrive at Badajoz. If Salamanca is empty, they capture it. That would be a loss. So we need to have troops in Salamanca on turn 28 to defend. We can send reinforcements to Salamanca on turn 27 that arrive on turn 28. For example, from Madrid: send 4 spearman and maybe some knights? Madrid to Salamanca: 1 turn. So if we send on turn 27, they arrive turn 28. So on turn 28, Salamanca would have those reinforcements. If we send enough, we can hold.

Let's see what we can send from Madrid on turn 27. Madrid has 4 spear, 6 knight. We could send 4 spear, 3 knight to Salamanca, leaving 3 knight in Madrid. Then Salamanca on turn 28 has 4 spear, 3 knight. Defense: base (4*2 + 3*2) = 14, bonus 1.25 = 17.5 -> 17. Enemy from Badajoz: 3 knights attack 12. 17 vs 12, we win! So Salamanca holds. Good. And Madrid keeps 3 knight for defense. Madrid's defense with 3 knight: base 6, bonus 7.5 -> 7. That's weak, but maybe okay if enemy doesn't attack Madrid.

So this works: on turn 27, we send from Madrid to Salamanca: 4 spear, 3 knight. And from Salamanca to Badajoz: 6 archers. Then on turn 28, Badajoz captured, Salamanca defended.

But we need to have 6 archers in Salamanca on turn 27 to send. In our plan, Salamanca on turn 27 has 6 archers (3 built + 3 from Madrid). But wait, we just said we send 3 archers from Madrid to Salamanca on turn 26. Those arrive on turn 27. So on turn 27, Salamanca has those 3 archers + 3 archers built on turn 26 = 6 archers. Then on turn 27, we send those 6 archers to Badajoz. Also on turn 27, we send from Madrid to Salamanca: 4 spear, 3 knight. But Madrid's 3 archers were already sent on turn 26. So Madrid on turn 27 has 4 spear (built) + 6 knight (original). We send 4 spear, 3 knight to Salamanca. That leaves Madrid with 3 knight. That's consistent.

Now, we also need to capture Coimbra and Porto on turn 27. For that, on turn 26 we send Salamanca's original 6 archers to Coimbra, and Vigo's 5 archers to Porto. But wait, if we send Salamanca's original 6 archers to Coimbra on turn 26, then on turn 27 Salamanca doesn't have those 6 archers to send to Badajoz. We are using the 6 archers that are built/arrived on turn 27 for Badajoz. That's fine: we use different troops. Salamanca's original 6 archers go to Coimbra on turn 26. The 6 archers we send to Badajoz on turn 27 are the newly built 3 + the 3 from Madrid. So we are effectively replacing the sent archers with new ones. That's a good rotation.

Let's check the numbers: 
Turn 26:
- Salamanca: start with 6 archers. Build 3 archers (cost 60 wood, 30 iron). So after build, it has 6 archers (original) + 3 archers (built, but ready turn 27). Actually, the built ones are ready turn 27, so on turn 26 they are not available. So on turn 26, Salamanca has 6 archers to send. We send them to Coimbra.
- Madrid: start with 3 archers, 6 knight. Send 3 archers to Salamanca (arrive 27). Build 4 spearman (ready 27). Keep 6 knight.
- Vigo: start with 2s,5a,1k. Build 2 spearman (ready 27). Send 5 archers to Porto (arrive 27). 
- Other villages: builds and reinforcements as before.

Turn 27:
- Salamanca: receives 3 archers from Madrid (arrive 27). Also has 3 archers built on turn 26 (ready 27). So total 6 archers. Also, we can build on turn 27: Salamanca has wood? After turn 26: wood 60, spent 60 on 3 archers -> wood 0. Iron 60, spent 30 -> iron 30. Production: wood 30, iron 20 -> wood 30, iron 50. So on turn 27, we can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearman (30 wood). Let's build 1 archer to have a bit more. But that's ready turn 28.
- Send from Salamanca: 6 archers to Badajoz (arrive 28).
- Send from Madrid: 4 spear, 3 knight to Salamanca (arrive 28). Madrid left with 3 knight.
- Send from Vigo: we need to reinforce Porto? Porto will have 3 archers after capture. We can send them to Coimbra to reinforce. Or keep.
- Send from Teruel: we can plan to attack something else, or just reinforce. Since we are getting Badajoz on turn 28, we have our 3rd village. We don't need to attack Toledo. So Teruel can just defend and reinforce.
- Send from Cordoba: defend.
- Send from Burgos: send 2 spearman to Madrid? To reinforce Madrid's 3 knight. Burgos on turn 27 has 2 spearman (built). Send to Madrid (1 turn, arrive 28). Madrid then has 3 knight + 2 spear = 5 troops. Defense: base 10, bonus 12.5 -> 12. Still weak, but better.
- Zaragoza: send 2 spearman to Madrid? Or to Teruel? Let's send to Madrid to reinforce. Zaragoza on turn 27 has 2 spearman. Send to Madrid (1 turn, arrive 28). Madrid then has 3 knight + 2 spear (Burgos) + 2 spear (Zaragoza) = 3 knight, 4 spear = 7 troops. Defense: base (6+8)=14, bonus 17.5 -> 17. Good.
- Valencia: send 2 spearman to Teruel? Teruel has 8s,8a,5k. We can keep Teruel strong.
- Murcia: send 2 spearman to Cordoba.
- Castellon: send 1 knight to Teruel? Or keep.

Now, check the enemy's possible attacks on turn 27. They might attack:
- Coimbra from Santarem. Coimbra on turn 27 has 5 archers (after capture). On turn 28, it might receive reinforcements from Porto (3 archers). So it could have 8 archers. Defense: base 16, bonus 20. Santarem's troops? We don't know their strength. Last seen Faro had 11 troops, Santarem unknown. They might be able to attack. We should reinforce Coimbra more. We can send from somewhere else. For example, from Salamanca? But we are sending Salamanca's archers to Badajoz. We could send the 4 spearman from Madrid to Coimbra instead? But Madrid to Coimbra: via Toledo? That would stop at Toledo. So not direct. From Vigo to Coimbra? Vigo to Coimbra: road? Vigo -> Porto -> Coimbra. That's 2 turns. So not in time. So Coimbra might be vulnerable. We could leave the 3 archers in Porto to defend Porto, and send reinforcements from elsewhere to Coimbra. Actually, Coimbra is connected to Santarem, Porto, Salamanca. If we have troops in Porto and Salamanca, they can't directly reinforce Coimbra without going through Coimbra? Wait, to reinforce Coimbra, we send troops to Coimbra. They can come from Porto or Salamanca. Salamanca to Coimbra is 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So we can send archers from Salamanca to Coimbra on turn 27 (arrive 28). But we are sending Salamanca's archers to Badajoz. We could instead send them to Coimbra? But we need to capture Badajoz. Maybe we can delay Badajoz to turn 29 and use turn 27 to reinforce Coimbra. But we need to hold 18 for 2 turns. If we get Badajoz on turn 29, we have 18 on turn 29, hold on turn 30. That's fine. So we can take our time.

Let's prioritize defense. We want to capture Badajoz, but not at the cost of losing other villages. Let's ensure Coimbra is strong. On turn 27, we can send from Porto's 3 archers to Coimbra (arrive 28). That gives Coimbra 5+3=8 archers. Also, we can send from Salamanca? If we don't attack Badajoz on turn 27, we can send Salamanca's 6 archers to Coimbra on turn 27? But they just arrived on turn 27; we can send them on turn 27 to Coimbra, arriving turn 28. That would give Coimbra a lot of archers. But then we don't attack Badajoz. We can attack Badajoz on turn 28 from somewhere else? Or we can use Teruel to attack Badajoz? Teruel to Badajoz via Toledo: need to capture Toledo first. That's more turns.

Maybe we should capture Badajoz on turn 27 instead of Coimbra? Let's think: we need 3 villages. We can capture Badajoz and Porto on turn 27, and Coimbra on turn 28. Or Badajoz and Coimbra on turn 27, and Porto on turn 28. Which is easier to defend? Porto is very safe if we also have Coimbra. If we capture Porto first, but not Coimbra, Porto is vulnerable to attack from Coimbra. So we should capture Coimbra before or simultaneously with Porto. So Coimbra and Porto on turn 27 is good.

Then for the third, we can capture Badajoz on turn 28 or 29. We have time. We can use turn 27 to reinforce Coimbra and prepare for Badajoz on turn 28. On turn 27, we can send from Salamanca to Coimbra with the 6 archers (arrive 28). That makes Coimbra very strong (5+6=11 archers). Then on turn 28, we can attack Badajoz from somewhere. Where? We have Madrid with 4 spear, 6 knight? Actually, if we don't send Madrid's archers to Salamanca on turn 26, we have a different setup. Let's redesign turn 26 to not send Madrid's archers, but instead keep them.

Alternative Plan G:
Turn 26:
- Salamanca: build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Send 6 archers to Coimbra (arrive 27).
- Vigo: build 2 spearman. Send 5 archers to Porto (arrive 27).
- Madrid: build 4 spearman. Keep 3 archer, 6 knight. (Do not send them.)
- Teruel: build 4 spearman. Keep all? Or send reinforcements? We can send from Zaragoza, Valencia to Teruel as before.
- Burgos: send 2 archer, 2 knight to Vigo? Or keep? Let's send to Vigo to reinforce.
- Zaragoza: send 2 archer, 1 knight to Teruel.
- Valencia: send 3 spear, 2 knight to Teruel.
- Castellon: send 1 knight to Teruel? Or keep.
- Murcia: send 2 spear, 2 archer, 4 knight to Cordoba.
- Other builds: as before.

On turn 27:
- Salamanca has 3 archers (built). We can also build more on turn 27. Let's build 1 archer. So Salamanca has 4 archers? Actually, the 3 built are ready turn 27. We can send them to Coimbra to reinforce? Or send to Badajoz? We need to decide.
- Coimbra has 5 archers (from attack). We can send Salamanca's 3 archers to Coimbra on turn 27 (arrive 28). That gives Coimbra 8 archers.
- Porto has 3 archers. We can send them to Coimbra on turn 27 (arrive 28) -> Coimbra 11 archers.
- Madrid has 4 spear, 3 archer, 6 knight. We can send them to attack Badajoz? Madrid to Badajoz: 2 turns. If we send on turn 27, arrive turn 29. That's okay. We can send the whole force: 4 spear, 3 archer, 6 knight. Attack: spear 4, archer 6, knight 24 = 34. Most numerous knight (6). Enemy most numerous knight (3). No counter. Attack 34 vs defense 8, win. Capture Badajoz on turn 29. Then we have 18 on turn 29, hold on turn 30. That works, and we don't risk Salamanca.
- Or we can send from Salamanca to Badajoz on turn 27: Salamanca has 3 archers. Not enough. We could build more archers at Salamanca on turn 27. With wood 30, iron 50, we can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> ready turn 28. So on turn 28, Salamanca has 4 archers. We could send them on turn 28 to Badajoz (arrive 29). That also works.

So we have flexibility. Let's aim to capture Badajoz on turn 29. That gives us time to reinforce Coimbra and prepare.

But wait, we need to hold 18 for 2 consecutive turns. If we capture Badajoz on turn 29, we have 18 at the end of turn 29. Then we need to have 18 at the end of turn 30. So we must ensure that during turn 30, we don't lose any villages. The enemy might attack on turn 30. We need to have strong defenses by then.

So let's plan for a steady buildup.

I think the best approach is to use turn 26 to set up our defenses and capture Coimbra and Porto. Then on turn 27, we reinforce and prepare for Badajoz. On turn 28, we capture Badajoz. That gives 18 on turn 28, hold on turn 29. Let's see if we can capture Badajoz on turn 28.

To capture Badajoz on turn 28, we need to send an attack on turn 27 from a village that is 1 turn away. Salamanca is 1 turn away. So we need to have a strong force in Salamanca on turn 27 to send to Badajoz. We can do that by building archers at Salamanca on turn 26 and maybe receiving reinforcements. Let's calculate the maximum archers we can have in Salamanca on turn 27.

Salamanca turn 26: start with 6 archers. We want to send them to Coimbra on turn 26? If we do, they are gone. We want to keep them to send to Badajoz on turn 27? But then we don't capture Coimbra on turn 27. We could capture Coimbra on turn 28 instead. Let's consider capturing Coimbra on turn 28, Porto on turn 27, Badajoz on turn 27? That might be easier.

What if we capture Porto on turn 27 (from Vigo), and Badajoz on turn 27 (from Salamanca), and Coimbra on turn 28 (from Porto or Salamanca)? Let's evaluate.

Plan H:
Turn 26:
- Salamanca: send 6 archers to Badajoz (1 medium turn, arrive 27). Capture Badajoz on turn 27.
- Vigo: send 5 archers to Porto (1 medium turn, arrive 27). Capture Porto on turn 27.
- Build at Salamanca: we can build 3 archers or 4 spearman. Let's build 4 spearman for defense.
- Build at Vigo: 2 spearman.
- Madrid: send 3 archers to Salamanca? To reinforce after we send its archers. Madrid send 3 archers to Salamanca (arrive 27). Keep 6 knight, build 4 spearman.
- Other reinforcements as before.

On turn 27:
- Badajoz captured. We have 6 archers surviving there (say 4 after losses).
- Porto captured. We have 3 archers there.
- Salamanca: receives 3 archers from Madrid, has 4 spearman built. Total 4s,3a = 7 troops.
- Vigo: receives from Burgos, has 4s,2a,3k = 9 troops.
- Now we need Coimbra. We can attack Coimbra from Salamanca on turn 27. Salamanca has 4 spear, 3 archer. We can send the 3 archers to Coimbra (1 medium turn, arrive 28). 3 archers attack 6, Coimbra defense 3, win. Capture Coimbra on turn 28. That gives 18 on turn 28.
- Or we can send from Porto to Coimbra on turn 27: Porto has 3 archers, send them to Coimbra (1 turn, arrive 28). Same.
- We can also send from both for overwhelming force? But they fight separately. Better to send from one.

So this plan captures Badajoz and Porto on turn 27, Coimbra on turn 28. That gives 18 on turn 28. Let's check the defense of Badajoz and Porto on turn 27 after capture. Badajoz is connected to many enemies. They might counterattack on turn 28. We need to reinforce Badajoz. We can send from Salamanca on turn 27: Salamanca has 4 spear, 3 archer. We could send the 4 spear to Badajoz? But spear slow: 2 turns, arrive 29. Or send the 3 archers: 1 turn, arrive 28. So we can send the 3 archers to Badajoz on turn 27, arriving 28. That would reinforce Badajoz with 3 archers on turn 28. But we also want to attack Coimbra. If we send the 3 archers to Coimbra, we capture Coimbra on turn 28. If we send them to Badajoz, we reinforce Badajoz but delay Coimbra. We can send the 4 spear to Badajoz on turn 27 (arrive 29) for later reinforcement. And send the 3 archers to Coimbra on turn 27 (arrive 28) to capture Coimbra. Then on turn 28, Badajoz has the surviving archers from the initial attack (say 4) plus maybe nothing else. If the enemy attacks Badajoz on turn 28, they might take it. We need to see if Badajoz can hold with 4 archers. Enemy attack from Toledo: 5 archer, 6 knight = attack 34. Our defense: 4 archers base 8, bonus 10. 10 vs 34, lose. So Badajoz would fall. So we need to reinforce Badajoz before the enemy attacks. The enemy could attack Badajoz on turn 28 (if they send on turn 27). To defend, we need troops in Badajoz on turn 28. We can send reinforcements from somewhere that arrive on turn 28. For example, from Madrid? Madrid to Badajoz: 2 turns. So if we send on turn 26, arrive 28. We could send Madrid's troops to Badajoz on turn 26 instead of to Salamanca. Let's explore that.

Plan I:
Turn 26:
- Salamanca: send 6 archers to Badajoz (arrive 27). Capture Badajoz on turn 27.
- Vigo: send 5 archers to Porto (arrive 27). Capture Porto on turn 27.
- Madrid: send 3 archer, 6 knight to Badajoz? But they would arrive on turn 28 (2 turns). They would reinforce Badajoz on turn 28. But we are already capturing Badajoz on turn 27 with Salamanca's archers. If we send Madrid's troops to Badajoz on turn 26, they would arrive on turn 28. They could help defend. But we need to capture Coimbra too. We can capture Coimbra on turn 28 from somewhere.
- Salamanca builds: 4 spearman (for defense).
- Madrid builds: 4 spearman? But we send Madrid's troops, so Madrid empty. Build 4 spearman to replace.
- Burgos: send to Vigo as before.
- Teruel: reinforce as before.

On turn 27:
- Badajoz has 6 archers from Salamanca (say 4 survive). Plus Madrid's troops are on the way (arrive 28).
- Porto has 3 archers.
- Salamanca has 4 spearman (built). We can send them to Coimbra? Salamanca to Coimbra: 2 slow turns. If we send on turn 27, arrive 29. Too late. Or send to Badajoz to reinforce? 2 slow turns, arrive 29.
- We need to capture Coimbra. We can send from Porto to Coimbra on turn 27: 3 archers, arrive 28. Capture Coimbra on turn 28.
- We can also send from somewhere else to Coimbra? 
- Reinforce Badajoz: Madrid's troops arrive on turn 28. That's good.

So on turn 28: Coimbra captured (18th village). Badajoz has 4 archers (from Salamanca) + Madrid's 3 archer, 6 knight (arrive 28). So Badajoz has 4a + 3a + 6k = 7 archers, 6 knights = 13 troops. Defense: base 26, bonus 32.5 -> 32. That's decent against Toledo's 34? Actually, defense 32 vs attack 34, they win by 2. So Badajzo might still fall. We need more. We could send from Teruel to Badajoz? Teruel to Badajoz via Toledo: would stop at Toledo. So no.

What if we send from Salamanca's 4 spearman to Badajoz on turn 27? They arrive turn 29. On turn 28, Badajoz has the Madrid troops. On turn 29, it gets the 4 spearman. So by turn 29, it's stronger.

But the enemy could attack on turn 28. If they attack Badajoz on turn 28 with Toledo's full force, they might take it. To prevent that, we need to ensure the enemy doesn't have a free hand. They might be defending elsewhere.

Given the complexity, maybe we should focus on capturing villages that are easier to defend. Coimbra and Porto are easy to defend because they are in a corner. Badajoz is exposed. What about capturing Toledo instead? Toledo is also exposed but it's a strong point. If we capture Toledo, we can use it to defend Madrid and Teruel. But capturing Toledo requires a strong army.

Let's assess our strength on turn 27. We will have many troops. Let's calculate total troops on turn 27 after all moves and builds.

From our earlier build plan (34 spearman built), we will have a lot of spearman. Let's sum troops on turn 27 for all villages (assuming we don't send too many away).

We need to decide on a final plan. I think the safest is to capture Coimbra and Porto on turn 27, and then on turn 27 we can send a large army from multiple villages to attack Toledo on turn 28? Or attack Badajoz on turn 28 with overwhelming force.

Let's consider attacking Badajoz on turn 28 from multiple villages? But they fight separately. We could send from Salamanca and from Madrid? But Madrid to Badajoz takes 2 turns, so if we send on turn 27, arrive 29. Not 28.

To attack on turn 28, we must send on turn 27 from a village that is 1 turn away. That's Salamanca. So we need a strong force in Salamanca on turn 27. We can build archers there and also send reinforcements from other villages to Salamanca on turn 26 to arrive on turn 27. For example, Madrid sends 3 archers to Salamanca on turn 26 (arrive 27). Burgos sends 2 archer, 2 knight to Salamanca? Burgos to Salamanca: via Madrid? That's 2 turns. So not in time. Zaragoza to Salamanca: via Madrid? 2 turns. So only Madrid is close enough (1 turn). We can also send from Teruel to Salamanca? Teruel to Salamanca: via Toledo? That would stop at Toledo. So no.

So the maximum we can get in Salamanca on turn 27 is: original 6 archers? But we want to send them to Coimbra on turn 26. If we don't send them, we can keep them. Let's say we don't attack Coimbra on turn 26. Instead, we attack Badajoz on turn 26 with Salamanca's 6 archers. Then on turn 27, Salamanca has 4 spearman (built) + maybe reinforcements from Madrid (3 archers) = 4s,3a. Then on turn 27, we can send those to Coimbra? But Coimbra is 1 medium turn away? Salamanca to Coimbra: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So archers take 1 turn. So we can send the 3 archers to Coimbra on turn 27, arrive 28. That captures Coimbra on turn 28. And we capture Porto on turn 27 with Vigo's archers. So we get Porto on 27, Coimbra on 28, Badajoz on 27? Wait, we attacked Badajoz on turn 26 with Salamanca's archers, so Badajoz captured on turn 27. So on turn 27 we have Badajoz and Porto = 17. On turn 28 we capture Coimbra = 18. That works! And we didn't use Madrid's troops for attack; we can use them to reinforce.

Let's detail this Plan J:

Turn 26:
- Salamanca: send 6 archers to Badajoz [4] (1 medium turn, arrive 27). Build 4 spearman (60 wood).
- Vigo: send 5 archers to Porto [6] (1 medium turn, arrive 27). Build 2 spearman (30 wood).
- Madrid: send 3 archers to Salamanca [7] (1 turn, arrive 27). Keep 6 knight. Build 4 spearman (60 wood).
- Burgos: send 2 archer, 2 knight to Vigo [10] (1 turn, arrive 27). Build 2 spearman.
- Zaragoza: send 2 archer, 1 knight to Teruel [13] (1 turn, arrive 27). Build 2 spearman.
- Valencia: send 3 spear, 2 knight to Teruel [13] (1 turn, arrive 27). Build 2 spearman.
- Castellon: send 1 knight to Teruel? Or keep. Build 2 spearman.
- Murcia: send 2 spear, 2 archer, 4 knight to Cordoba [11] (1 turn, arrive 27). Build 2 spearman.
- Pamplona: build 2 spearman. Keep troops.
- Huesca: build 2 spearman. Keep.
- Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona: build 2 spearman each. Keep.
- Teruel: build 4 spearman. (Receives from Zaragoza, Valencia, Castellon? We'll see.)
- Cordoba: build 2 spearman. (Receives from Murcia.)

Now, on turn 27:
- Badajoz: captured. Our 6 archers arrive, fight 3 knights. Attack 12 vs defense 8. Win. We lose some. Say we lose 3 archers, have 3 left. So Badajoz has 3 archers.
- Porto: captured. Our 5 archers arrive, fight 1a,2k. Attack 10 vs defense 8. Win. Lose 2, have 3 left. Porto has 3 archers.
- Salamanca: receives 3 archers from Madrid. Has 4 spearman (built). Total 4s,3a = 7 troops.
- Vigo: receives 2a,2k from Burgos. Original left: 2s,1k (after sending 5a). Built 2s. So total: 4s,2a,3k = 9 troops.
- Madrid: has 6k (original) + 4s (built) = 10 troops.
- Teruel: original 1s,6a,2k. Built 4s. Receives: Zaragoza 2a,1k; Valencia 3s,2k; Castellon 1k? (if we send). Let's say Castellon sends 1k. So Teruel has: s: 1+4+3 = 8; a: 6+2 = 8; k: 2+1+2+1 = 6. Total 22 troops.
- Cordoba: original 2s,6a,1k. Built 2s. Receives Murcia: 2s,2a,4k. Total: s: 2+2+2=6; a: 6+2=8; k: 1+4=5. Total 19 troops.
- Other villages have their built troops.

Now, on turn 27, we need to capture Coimbra to reach 18 on turn 28. We can attack Coimbra from Salamanca or from Porto. Salamanca has 4s,3a. We can send the 3 archers to Coimbra (1 medium turn, arrive 28). That's 3 archers, attack 6 vs defense 3, win. Capture Coimbra on turn 28. We can also send from Porto's 3 archers to Coimbra (1 turn, arrive 28). But we don't need both. Let's send from Salamanca: 3 archers to Coimbra. Leave 4 spearman in Salamanca.
- We also need to reinforce Badajoz. Badajoz has 3 archers. It might be attacked on turn 28. We can send reinforcements to Badajoz on turn 27. From where? From Madrid? Madrid has 4s,6k. We can send some to Badajoz. But Madrid to Badajoz: 2 turns (Madrid->Salamanca->Badajoz). If we send on turn 27, they arrive turn 29. That's late for turn 28 defense. We could send from Salamanca? Salamanca has 4s,3a. We are sending 3a to Coimbra. We could send the 4s to Badajoz? But they are slow: 2 turns, arrive 29. So not in time for turn 28. So Badajoz will be defended only by the 3 archers on turn 28. If the enemy attacks Badajoz on turn 28 from Toledo (5a,6k), they will likely take it. To prevent this, we need to get reinforcements to Badajoz on turn 28. The only way is to send from a village that is 1 turn away. That's Salamanca. So we need to send archers from Salamanca to Badajoz on turn 27, not to Coimbra. But then we don't capture Coimbra on turn 28. We could capture Coimbra on turn 29 instead. Let's see if we can delay Coimbra.

If we send Salamanca's 3 archers to Badajoz on turn 27, they arrive turn 28. Then Badajoz has 3 archers (from initial) + 3 archers (reinforcements) = 6 archers on turn 28. Defense: base 12, bonus 15. Against Toledo's 34 attack, still loses. So we need more. We could send the 4 spearman from Salamanca to Badajoz on turn 27? They arrive turn 29. So on turn 29, Badajoz gets 4 spearman. But the enemy attack on turn 28 would succeed. So we need to deter the enemy from attacking Badajoz. Maybe the enemy won't attack because they are busy defending? Or we could attack Toledo from Teruel on turn 27 to distract them.

Let's consider attacking Toledo from Teruel on turn 27. Teruel has 22 troops. We can send a strong force to Toledo on turn 27 (arrive 28). If we capture Toledo on turn 28, then the enemy loses that threat, and we also gain a village. That would be our 18th village! So we don't need Badajoz. Let's go back to the idea of capturing Toledo.

Plan K: Capture Porto and Coimbra on turn 27, and Toledo on turn 28. That gives 18 on turn 28.

Turn 26:
- Salamanca: send 6 archers to Coimbra (arrive 27). Build 4 spearman.
- Vigo: send 5 archers to Porto (arrive 27). Build 2 spearman.
- Madrid: send 3 archers to Salamanca (arrive 27). Keep 6 knight, build 4 spearman.
- Burgos: send to Vigo.
- Zaragoza, Valencia, Castellon: send to Teruel to reinforce.
- Teruel: build 4 spearman. Receive reinforcements. On turn 27, Teruel has a lot of troops.
- Other builds as before.

On turn 27:
- Coimbra and Porto captured. We have 17.
- Salamanca has 4s,3a (from Madrid). 
- Teruel has, say, 8s,8a,6k = 22 troops.
- We can send from Teruel to attack Toledo on turn 27. Teruel to Toledo: direct, 1 turn. Arrive 28. We send a force that can win. Let's send 8s,8a,1k? Or all? We need to leave a defense in Teruel. If we leave 4 knight, that's defense 10. If the enemy attacks Teruel from Toledo on turn 27, they arrive 28. Our defense is weak. But if we attack Toledo, the enemy might not attack Teruel because they are defending. Actually, the enemy writes orders on turn 27 based on start of turn 27, when Teruel has many troops and Toledo is enemy. They might decide to attack Teruel from Toledo. If they do, they send troops. Those troops leave Toledo. That might weaken Toledo's defense. Our attack on Toledo arrives turn 28. The enemy attack on Teruel arrives turn 28. Both happen. If we capture Toledo, the enemy troops from Toledo might still be on the road? They were sent on turn 27, so they are marching. They would arrive at Teruel on turn 28. Our attack on Toledo arrives turn 28 and fights the garrison of Toledo. The garrison of Toledo might be reduced if they sent troops away. So it's a double battle. We could win both if we have enough. Let's see: if the enemy sends, say, 5 archer and 3 knight from Toledo to Teruel, they leave Toledo with 1 knight maybe? Then our attack on Toledo faces a weaker defense. We might capture Toledo. Meanwhile, Teruel is attacked. We left 4 knight in Teruel. Defense 10 vs attack from Toledo: 5 archer (10) + 3 knight (12) = 22. They win, take Teruel. That would be a loss. So we need to leave a stronger defense in Teruel, or not attack Toledo.

What if we attack Toledo from Madrid instead? Madrid on turn 27 has 4s,6k (if we didn't send 3 archers? In this plan we sent 3 archers to Salamanca, so Madrid has 4s,6k = 10 troops). Attack Toledo: send 4s,6k. Attack: spear 4, knight 24 = 28. Most numerous knight (6). Enemy most numerous knight. No counter. Attack 28 vs defense 28. Tie goes to defender! So we lose. Not good. We need more. If we also had the 3 archers, attack 34, win. But we sent them to Salamanca. So Madrid can't take Toledo alone.

What if we don't send Madrid's archers to Salamanca, but instead keep them in Madrid? Then on turn 27, Madrid has 3a,6k + 4s built = 13 troops. Attack Toledo: 3a,6k,4s = attack 6+24+4=34, win. But then Salamanca doesn't get the 3 archers. Salamanca on turn 27 would have only the 4 spearman built (if we send its 6 archers to Coimbra). So Salamanca has 4s. That's weak. But we can send from somewhere else to Salamanca? 

Maybe we should not send Salamanca's archers to Coimbra on turn 26. Instead, send them to Badajoz on turn 26, and capture Coimbra later. Let's think about the end goal: we need 18 villages for 2 turns. We have 15. We can capture 3. We have the troops to do it. Let's list the enemy villages and their defenses:
- Badajoz: def 8 (easy)
- Porto: def 8 (easy)
- Coimbra: def 3 (very easy)
- Toledo: def 28 (medium)
- Sevilha: def 58 (hard)
- Faro: unknown
- Santarem, Lisboa, Evora: unknown.

The three easiest are Badajoz, Porto, Coimbra. If we capture those three, we have 18. The problem is holding them. Badajoz is connected to many enemies. But if we also capture Toledo, then Badajoz is connected to Toledo (ours), Sevilha (enemy), Faro (enemy), Santarem (enemy), Salamanca (ours). So it's still exposed. If we capture Coimbra and Porto, they are in a corner and easy to hold. So maybe we should capture Coimbra, Porto, and one of Badajoz or Toledo. Let's compare Badajoz and Toledo. Badajoz is easier to capture (def 8 vs 28). But Toledo is easier to hold? Actually, Toledo is a border village that connects to many of our villages. If we own Toledo, our Madrid, Teruel, Cordoba become much safer. Badajoz is also a border village but it's on the edge. Let's see the connectivity: If we own Badajoz, our Salamanca is bordered only by Badajoz (ours) and Coimbra (ours) and Porto (ours) and Madrid (ours). So Salamanca becomes interior and very safe. Badajoz itself would be bordered by Santarem, Faro, Sevilha, Toledo, and Salamanca. So Badajoz would be a border village with three enemy neighbors. That's hard to defend. If we own Toledo, it connects to Badajoz (enemy), Cordoba (ours), Madrid (ours), Teruel (ours). So Toledo would be bordered by Badajoz (enemy) and our villages. So it has only one enemy neighbor. That's easier to defend. Also, Toledo has a large defense (28) which makes it a strong hold. So capturing Toledo might be better for defense than Badajoz.

But capturing Toledo requires a stronger army. We can build up to that. By turn 27, we can have strong armies in Teruel and Madrid. We can attack Toledo from both directions? But they fight separately. We can send from Teruel and from Madrid on turn 27, both arriving turn 28. They would fight separately. The first one to fight might be the one that arrives? Actually, they arrive on the same turn. The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So they fight sequentially. The first send fights the garrison. If it wins, it captures Toledo. Then the second send arrives and finds it's ours? Or it might fight the new garrison? The rule says: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". If the first send captures Toledo, it becomes ours. The second send was ordered to attack Toledo. When it arrives, Toledo is ours. Does it stop? It says "stops at the first village on its path that is not yours". Since Toledo is now ours, it would not stop; it would continue? But it was ordered to attack Toledo. The order might be to attack that specific village. The rules don't specify what happens if the target is captured by another army before arrival. Typically, the second army would just arrive and join as reinforcements, or it might attack the new garrison? This is ambiguous. To avoid wasting troops, we should only send one army to attack a village at a time.

So we need one strong army to take Toledo. We can build up one village's army. Teruel can be built up. On turn 26, we can build spearman in Teruel and also send reinforcements from other villages to Teruel. On turn 27, Teruel can have a very large army. Let's maximize Teruel's troops on turn 27.

Teruel turn 26: start 1s,6a,2k. Build 4s (60 wood). Receives from Zaragoza (2a,1k), Valencia (3s,2k), Castellon (2s,1k? or 1k). Also from Huesca? Huesca to Teruel: 2 turns. Not in time. From Pamplona? 2 turns. So Teruel on turn 27: s: 1+4+3+2 = 10? Wait: original 1, build 4, Valencia 3, Castellon 2 = 10 spear. a: original 6, Zaragoza 2 = 8 archer. k: original 2, Zaragoza 1, Valencia 2, Castellon 1 = 6 knight. Total 24 troops. That's a lot. We can send, say, 10s, 8a, 1k to Toledo? Attack: spear 10, archer 16, knight 4 = 30. Most numerous spear (10). Enemy most numerous knight (6). Spear counters knight, bonus 1.5x. Attack = 30 * 1.5 = 45. Defense 28. Win easily. We can leave in Teruel: 0s, 0a, 5k? Actually we have 6k, send 1k, leave 5k. So Teruel has 5 knight defense. That's defense base 10, bonus 12.5 -> 12. If enemy attacks Teruel from Toledo, they have 5a,6k attack 34. They win. So we need to leave more. We could send only 8s, 8a, 0k? Attack: 8+16=24, with bonus 36. Win. Leave 2s, 0a, 6k? That's 8 troops. Defense: 2s (4) + 6k (12) = 16 base, bonus 20. Still less than 34. So Teruel is vulnerable to a full Toledo attack. But will the enemy attack? They might not have enough troops if they are defending. Toledo has 11 troops. If they send all to Teruel, they leave Toledo almost empty. Our attack on Toledo would then face a weak garrison. Let's see: if enemy sends, say, 5a,6k to Teruel, they leave Toledo with 0. Our attack arrives: we fight Toledo's garrison. If it's 0, we capture without a fight. Then the enemy army is at Teruel. They arrive and fight our garrison (5k). They win, take Teruel. So we would lose Teruel but gain Toledo. That's a trade: we lose a village (Teruel) and gain a village (Toledo). Net zero? We started with 15, we captured Coimbra and Porto (17). If we then trade Teruel for Toledo, we still have 17. Not good. We need to gain without losing.

So we need to ensure Teruel can defend, or we need to reinforce Teruel on turn 27 from somewhere that arrives on turn 28. We can send from Madrid to Teruel? Madrid to Teruel: via Toledo? That would stop at Toledo. So no. From Zaragoza to Teruel: we already sent on turn 26. On turn 27, we can send more from Zaragoza? Zaragoza on turn 27 has 2 spearman (built). We can send them to Teruel on turn 27, arrive 28. That adds 2s. From Valencia: we sent on turn 26; on turn 27 Valencia has 2 spearman, can send to Teruel, arrive 28. From Castellon: has 4s,1k? Can send to Teruel on turn 27: Castellon to Teruel is 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. If we send fast (knight), 1 turn, arrive 28. So we can send the 1 knight. So on turn 28, Teruel gets reinforcements: 2s (Zaragoza), 2s (Valencia), 1k (Castellon) = 5 troops. So if we leave 5k in Teruel, plus these reinforcements, Teruel on turn 28 would have 5k + 2s + 2s + 1k = 5k, 4s? Actually, 5k + 1k = 6k, 4s. Total 10 troops. Defense: base (12+8)=20, bonus 25. Still less than 34. So still vulnerable.

We could leave more in Teruel. Instead of sending 10s,8a,1k, we could send 6s,6a,0k. Attack: 6+12=18, bonus 27. Defense 28 -> lose. So we need the bonus to win. With 8s,8a: attack 8+16=24, bonus 36, win. So we need at least 8s,8a to win. That leaves 2s,0a,6k in Teruel. With reinforcements on turn 28: +2s (Zaragoza), +2s (Valencia), +1k (Castellon) = 4s, 0a, 6k? Wait, original left: 2s, 6k. Add 4s, 1k = 6s, 7k? Actually, 2s + 2s + 2s = 6s? Valencia sends 2s, Zaragoza 2s, Castellon 1k. So total added: 4s, 1k. So Teruel on turn 28: 2s (original left) + 4s = 6s; 0a; 6k (original left) + 1k = 7k. Total 13 troops. Defense: base (12+14)=26, bonus 32.5 -> 32. Still less than 34. So a full Toledo attack (34) would still win. But if the enemy sends all their troops, they leave Toledo empty. Our attack on Toledo would then face 0 garrison, so we capture Toledo easily. Then the enemy army takes Teruel. We end up with Toledo, lose Teruel. Net: we had 15 + Coimbra + Porto = 17. Lose Teruel? Wait, Teruel was one of our original 15. If we lose it, we go back to 16. Gain Toledo -> 17. So no progress. So we cannot afford to lose Teruel.

Thus, attacking Toledo from Teruel is risky because Teruel is too weak to hold against a counterattack. We could attack Toledo from Madrid instead, and leave Teruel strong. But Madrid is also vulnerable. What if we attack Toledo from both Madrid and Teruel? But they fight separately. If we send from Madrid and Teruel on turn 27, both arrive turn 28. The first one fights. Suppose we send from Teruel first? The order of resolution might be arbitrary. We could send a weak force from Teruel to just tie, and a strong force from Madrid to capture? Not how it works.

Maybe we should attack Toledo from Cordoba? Cordoba has 19 troops on turn 27. Cordoba to Toledo: direct? Cordoba [11] connects to [8] Toledo. So direct. Time? For Cordoba: "from here to your nearest border village [11] Cordoba"? Actually, Cordoba is border with [8] and [9]. The report says for Cordoba: "from here to your nearest border village [11] Cordoba"? No, it says: "[11] Cordoba | BORDER with [8], [9] (enemy) | ... from here to your nearest border village [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? That's weird. Let's read: "[11] Cordoba | BORDER with [8], [9] (enemy) | wood 30 (+30/turn) | iron 30 (+20/turn) | effective defense (location bonus included): 23 | troops at home: 9 / 300 ... from here to your nearest border village [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". It says "from here to your nearest border village [11] Cordoba", which is itself. That must be a typo. Probably it means to another border village. In the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" for Toledo, it says "march from [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So Cordoba to Toledo is 1 turn. So we can attack from Cordoba. Cordoba on turn 27 has 6s,8a,5k = 19 troops. Attack on Toledo: we can send a mix. Most numerous? 8 archer vs 6 spear vs 5 knight. Most numerous archer. Enemy most numerous knight. Archer does not counter knight. No bonus. Attack: spear 6, archer 16, knight 20 = 42. Defense 28. Win. We can leave some in Cordoba. Cordoba is border with Toledo and Sevilha. If we empty it, enemy could take it. But we can leave a garrison. Let's say we send 4s,8a,3k? Attack: 4+16+12=32, win. Leave 2s,0a,2k = 4 troops. Defense weak. Cordoba would be vulnerable to Sevilha attack (23 troops). So we need to reinforce Cordoba.

This is getting very complex. Let's step back and think about the overall strategy. We have a strong economy and can build many troops. The enemy has 9 villages. We need 18. We can probably win by just building a massive army and attacking the enemy's weakest villages, while using our numbers to hold the line. Since we have 15 villages and each produces resources, we can outproduce the enemy. By turn 27, we will have many troops. Let's just focus on capturing Coimbra, Porto, and Badajoz, and then use our superior numbers to hold them. We can send large reinforcements from our interior villages to the borders.

Let's try to execute a simple plan: 
Turn 26: 
- Build spearman in all villages (as many as possible).
- Send Salamanca's 6 archers to Coimbra.
- Send Vigo's 5 archers to Porto.
- Send Madrid's 3 archers to Salamanca (to reinforce).
- Send Burgos's 2a,2k to Vigo.
- Send Zaragoza's 2a,1k to Teruel.
- Send Valencia's 3s,2k to Teruel.
- Send Murcia's 2s,2a,4k to Cordoba.
- Keep other troops in their villages.

On turn 27:
- Coimbra and Porto captured.
- Salamanca has 4s (built) + 3a (from Madrid) = 7.
- Vigo has 4s,2a,3k = 9.
- Madrid has 6k + 4s = 10.
- Teruel has 8s,8a,6k = 22.
- Cordoba has 6s,8a,5k = 19.
- We have a lot of troops. We can now attack Badajoz. We can send from Salamanca to Badajoz: we have 4s,3a. Send the 3a to Badajoz (arrive 28). That captures Badajoz on turn 28? 3a attack 6 vs defense 8, need more. Not enough. We can send the 4s as well, but they are slow, arrive 29. So we need a stronger attack. We can send from Madrid to Badajoz: 4s,6k. Attack: 4+24=28, vs defense 8, win. But Madrid to Badajoz: 2 turns. If we send on turn 27, arrive 29. So Badajoz captured on turn 29. That's fine. We can also send from Teruel to Badajoz? Teruel to Badajoz via Toledo: 2 turns, arrive 29. So we can capture Badajoz on turn 29. Then we have 18 on turn 29, hold on turn 30. During turns 28-29, we need to hold our 17 villages. We have strong garrisons. The enemy might attack, but we can reinforce.

Let's check the defense of our villages on turn 28 after sending reinforcements. We can use turn 27 to send reinforcements from interior villages to borders. For example, we can send from Pamplona, Huesca, Barcelona, etc. to the borders. We have many troops. We can easily hold.

I think this is a viable plan. Let's specify the orders for turn 26 clearly.

We need to output JSON with build and movements. We must use only the villages we have. We'll list the builds and movements as per Plan J (with some adjustments).

Let's finalize the turn 26 orders:

Builds: (we need to specify villageId, type, quantity)
We'll build spearman in many villages. We need to ensure we don't exceed resources. Let's list each village's build:

- Barcelona: build 2 spearman (wood 30)
- Tarragona: build 2 spearman (wood 30)
- Girona: build 2 spearman (wood 30)
- Castellon: build 2 spearman (wood 30) [but we might send its troops? We'll keep]
- Zaragoza: build 2 spearman (wood 30) [we send its original troops, so build replaces]
- Huesca: build 2 spearman (wood 30)
- Valencia: build 2 spearman (wood 35? wood 35, so 2 spearman 30 wood)
- Teruel: build 4 spearman (wood 60)
- Madrid: build 4 spearman (wood 60)
- Murcia: build 2 spearman (wood 30)
- Pamplona: build 2 spearman (wood 30)
- Burgos: build 2 spearman (wood 30)
- Salamanca: build 4 spearman (wood 60) [we are sending its archers, so build spearman]
- Cordoba: build 2 spearman (wood 30)
- Vigo: build 2 spearman (wood 35? wood 35, so 2 spearman 30 wood)

Check wood: 
- Barcelona 30 -> 2s (30)
- Tarragona 30 -> 2s (30)
- Girona 30 -> 2s (30)
- Castellon 30 -> 2s (30)
- Zaragoza 30 -> 2s (30)
- Huesca 30 -> 2s (30)
- Valencia 35 -> 2s (30)
- Teruel 60 -> 4s (60)
- Madrid 60 -> 4s (60)
- Murcia 30 -> 2s (30)
- Pamplona 30 -> 2s (30)
- Burgos 30 -> 2s (30)
- Salamanca 60 -> 4s (60)
- Cordoba 30 -> 2s (30)
- Vigo 35 -> 2s (30)

All have enough wood. Iron not needed.

Movements:
- From Salamanca [7] to Coimbra [3]: 6 archers. (We send all 6 archers)
- From Vigo [10] to Porto [6]: 5 archers. (We send 5 archers)
- From Madrid [12] to Salamanca [7]: 3 archers. (We send the 3 archers)
- From Burgos [14] to Vigo [10]: 2 archer, 2 knight. (Send all)
- From Zaragoza [17] to Teruel [13]: 2 archer, 1 knight. (Send all)
- From Valencia [16] to Teruel [13]: 3 spearman, 2 knight. (Send all)
- From Castellon [18] to Teruel [13]: 1 knight? Or we can send 2 spearman, 1 knight? But Castellon to Teruel: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. If we send spearman (slow), takes 2 turns, arrive 28. If we send knight, 1 turn, arrive 27. We want reinforcements on turn 27. So send the 1 knight. Leave the 2 spearman in Castellon. So send 1 knight.
- From Murcia [15] to Cordoba [11]: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 4 knight. (Send all)
- From Pamplona [19]: keep.
- From Huesca [20]: keep.
- From Barcelona [22], Tarragona [21], Girona [23]: keep.

We also need to consider that we are sending troops from Madrid to Salamanca. Madrid has 3 archers, 6 knight. We send 3 archers. So Madrid keeps 6 knight. We build 4 spearman there, so on turn 27 Madrid has 4s,6k.

Now, check if any village is left with too few troops. Salamanca sends all its archers, but builds 4 spearman, and receives 3 archers from Madrid. So on turn 27, it has 4s,3a. Good.

Vigo sends 5 archers, keeps 2s,1k. Builds 2s. Receives 2a,2k from Burgos. So on turn 27: 4s,2a,3k. Good.

Burgos sends all its troops (2a,2k). Builds 2s. So on turn 27: 2s. Good.

Zaragoza sends all (2a,1k). Builds 2s. On turn 27: 2s.

Valencia sends all (3s,2k). Builds 2s. On turn 27: 2s.

Castellon keeps 2s,1k. Builds 2s. On turn 27: 4s,1k. (We sent 1k? Wait, we said send 1 knight from Castellon to Teruel. So Castellon sends 1k. Then Castellon on turn 27: original 2s,0a,1k? Actually original: 2s,0a,1k. Send 1k -> left 2s. Build 2s -> 4s. So 4s.)

Murcia sends all (2s,2a,4k). Builds 2s. On turn 27: 2s.

Teruel: original 1s,6a,2k. Build 4s. Receives: Zaragoza 2a,1k; Valencia 3s,2k; Castellon 1k. So total: s: 1+4+3 = 8; a: 6+2 = 8; k: 2+1+2+1 = 6. Total 22. Good.

Cordoba: original 2s,6a,1k. Build 2s. Receives Murcia: 2s,2a,4k. Total: s: 2+2+2=6; a: 6+2=8; k: 1+4=5. Total 19. Good.

Now, we need to write the plan and statement.

Plan: We are capturing Coimbra and Porto to secure our northwest border and reach 17 villages. We are reinforcing our border villages against expected enemy counterattacks. We are building spearman in all villages to prepare for the next attack on Badajoz or Toledo to reach 18 villages.

Statement: We struck at Coimbra and Porto, taking them in a swift campaign. Our armies are now reinforcing the borders to hold against the enemy's wrath. We build spearman everywhere, ready for the next push.

Let's write the JSON. We need to ensure the movements have correct troop types and quantities. We must use the exact names: "spearman", "archer", "knight".

Check the available troops for each movement:
- Salamanca to Coimbra: 6 archer. (Salamanca has 6 archer, 0 spear, 0 knight) -> OK.
- Vigo to Porto: 5 archer. (Vigo has 2 spear, 5 archer, 1 knight) -> we send 5 archer. OK.
- Madrid to Salamanca: 3 archer. (Madrid has 0 spear, 3 archer, 6 knight) -> OK.
- Burgos to Vigo: 2 archer, 2 knight. (Burgos has 0 spear, 2 archer, 2 knight) -> OK.
- Zaragoza to Teruel: 2 archer, 1 knight. (Zaragoza has 0 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight) -> OK.
- Valencia to Teruel: 3 spearman, 2 knight. (Valencia has 3 spear, 0 archer, 2 knight) -> OK.
- Castellon to Teruel: 1 knight. (Castellon has 2 spear, 0 archer, 1 knight) -> OK.
- Murcia to Cordoba: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 4 knight. (Murcia has 2 spear, 2 archer, 4 knight) -> OK.

We also need to consider if we should send from Pamplona or Huesca. We'll leave them.

Now, builds: we need to list each build. We have 15 villages. We'll list them all.

Let's write the JSON.

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 13, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 12, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 15, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 19, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 14, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 7, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 11, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 10, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 7, "toId": 3, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 6, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 10, "toId": 6, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 5, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 12, "toId": 7, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 3, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 14, "toId": 10, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 17, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 16, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 18, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 15, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 2, "knight": 4}}
  ],
  "plan": "Capture Coimbra and Porto to secure the northwest and reach 17 villages. Reinforce Salamanca, Vigo, Teruel, and Cordoba with troops from interior villages to prepare for enemy counterattacks. Build spearman in all villages to build up forces for the next attack on Badajoz or Toledo to reach 18 villages. Hold the line for two turns to win.",
  "statement": "Our armies struck at Coimbra and Porto, taking them in a swift campaign. We have reinforced our borders to hold against the enemy's wrath. We are building spearman everywhere, ready for the next push to reach 18 villages."
}

Double-check the village IDs:
- 22: Barcelona
- 21: Tarragona
- 23: Girona
- 18: Castellon
- 17: Zaragoza
- 20: Huesca
- 16: Valencia
- 13: Teruel
- 12: Madrid
- 15: Murcia
- 19: Pamplona
- 14: Burgos
- 7: Salamanca
- 11: Cordoba
- 10: Vigo

All correct.

We should also consider if we need to send from Pamplona or Huesca. They have troops but we left them. That's fine.

Now, check the movements: Salamanca to Coimbra: 6 archer. Salamanca has 6 archer, so OK.
Vigo to Porto: 5 archer. Vigo has 5 archer, so OK.
Madrid to Salamanca: 3 archer. Madrid has 3 archer, OK.
Burgos to Vigo: 2 archer, 2 knight. Burgos has 2 archer, 2 knight, OK.
Zaragoza to Teruel: 2 archer, 1 knight. Zaragoza has 2 archer, 1 knight, OK.
Valencia to Teruel: 3 spearman, 2 knight. Valencia has 3 spear, 2 knight, OK.
Castellon to Teruel: 1 knight. Castellon has 1 knight, OK.
Murcia to Cordoba: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 4 knight. Murcia has 2 spear, 2 archer, 4 knight, OK.

All good.

Now, we need to ensure we didn't forget any village that might be attacked. We have left Pamplona (9 troops), Huesca (13), Barcelona (22), Tarragona (15), Girona (23) as reserve. They can be used later.

This plan seems solid. Let's output the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":7,"destinoId":3,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":6,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":10,"destinoId":6,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":5,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":12,"destinoId":7,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":14,"destinoId":10,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":17,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":16,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":3,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":18,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":15,"destinoId":11,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":4}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [20]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [20]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [13]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [13]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [13]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [13]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [12]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [12]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [12]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [12]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [15]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [15]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [14]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [14]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [10]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [10]
ACEITO envio [7]->[3]: 6A
ACEITO envio [10]->[6]: 5A
ACEITO envio [12]->[7]: 3A
ACEITO envio [14]->[10]: 2A+2K
ACEITO envio [17]->[13]: 2A+1K
ACEITO envio [16]->[13]: 3S+2K
ACEITO envio [18]->[13]: 1K
ACEITO envio [15]->[11]: 2S+2A+4K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Capture Coimbra and Porto to secure the northwest and reach 17 villages. Reinforce Salamanca, Vigo, Teruel, and Cordoba with troops from interior villages to prepare for enemy counterattacks. Build spearman in all villages to build up forces for the next attack on Badajoz or Toledo to reach 18 villages. Hold the line for two turns to win.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): Our armies struck at Coimbra and Porto, taking them in a swift campaign. We have reinforced our borders to hold against the enemy's wrath. We are building spearman everywhere, ready for the next push to reach 18 villages.
COMBATE [7] Salamanca: atacante B Fatk=16 (ef 16) Fdef=4 (ef 8) vant=-1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~4
REFORCO [10] Vigo dono B: 4A
REFORCO [12] Madrid dono B: 2A
REFORCO [11] Cordoba dono B: 2S+3A
REFORCO [13] Teruel dono B: 1S+2A+1K
REFORCO [13] Teruel dono B: 2A
REFORCO [12] Madrid dono B: 1A
placar: A 9 ald/tropas 40 | B 15 ald/tropas 111 | neutras 0 | transito 12 (A 4 | B 8)
