=== PARTIDA Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) vs Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) | seed 5 | maxTurnos 30 | 9/29/2026, 12:07:02 AM ===
condicoes: ambiente=iberia | temp=0 | prompt=P4 EN (esquema declarado, sem exemplo, sem minimos, vitoria real, reforco, quantidade) + FOG OF WAR + P5 EXPERIMENTAL (A: P4 | B: regras,combate,intencao,alcance,capital,vigia,campanha,frente) + combate v3 (atq/def, counter 1.5) + clamp | regras=v4 (counter 1.5, cav def2/1t, madeira 30, dist x0.2, vitoria 75%/2t) | mesa: ordem espelhada + chegada sorteada | thinking=on (sem limite) | max_tokens_resposta=128000 (default alto, auto-ajustavel por modelo)

########## TURNO 1 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 2412 | resposta 10630 | raciocinio 9765 | finish stop | ms 153593
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\n      \"villageId\": 0,\n      \"type\": \"spearman\",\n      \"quantity\": 2\n    }\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\n      \"fromId\": 0,\n      \"toId\": 1,\n      \"troops\": {\n        \"spearman\": 3,\n        \"archer\": 0,\n        \"knight\": 0\n      }\n    },\n    {\n      \"fromId\": 0,\n      \"toId\": 2,\n      \"troops\": {\n        \"spearman\": 0,\n        \"archer\": 2,\n        \"knight\": 0\n      }\n    }\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Attack the two neutral villages to expand. Send spearman to Santarem (counter knight) and archers to Evora (counter spearman). Keep a garrison at home and build more spearman. After capture, we will have 3 villages and can explore further.\",\n  \"statement\": \"King A launches a double attack! My spearmen take Santarem, archers take Evora. Capital remains defended, and we build more troops for the next campaign.\"\n}"
raciocinio: We need to output a JSON object with build, movements, plan, statement.

We are King A. We have one village: Lisboa (id 0). It has 12 soldiers at home: 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight. Resources: wood 30, iron 20 (produced per turn). We can build more troops, but cap per village is 300 troops; currently 12, so we can build.

We need to decide orders for this turn. The goal is to hold at least 18 of 24 villages for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. Currently hold 1 of 24. The enemy capital is Barcelona (id 22), hardest target, not required to win.

We see two neutral villages: Santarem (id 1) and Evora (id 2). Both have garrisons of 1 knight and 1 spearman respectively, effective defense 3. We can attack them.

We have 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight. Attack power if all sent: 25. But we might want to keep some at home? Resources: each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. We can build troops. Build costs: spearman 15 wood, 0 iron; archer 20 wood, 10 iron; knight 30 wood, 30 iron. We have 30 wood, 20 iron. We can build maybe 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) - but we only have 20 iron, so cannot build knight. We could build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 10 iron; or 2 spearman (30 wood) leaving 0 wood, 20 iron; or 1 spearman (15 wood) leaving 15 wood, 20 iron; etc.

We need to consider that we can send troops to attack neutral villages. If we attack Santarem (1 knight, defense 3) with our troops, we need to calculate effective force. We can send some troops. But we must also consider that we might want to build up our economy first. However, the game is simultaneous; we need to decide.

We can also send troops to reinforce our own village, but that doesn't make sense since they are already there. We could send them to a neutral village to attack, or to an enemy village (but we don't know any enemy villages yet; only Barcelona is enemy capital, but unexplored). We can see only villages connected to ours: Santarem and Evora. So we can attack those.

We need to decide whether to attack now or build first. Since we have 12 troops, we could attack both neutral villages? But we can only send one army per village? Actually, we can send from Lisboa to Santarem and to Evora separately. But each send fights alone. We could split our forces.

But we need to consider that the enemy may also be moving. We don't see any enemy armies.

We should probably try to capture neutral villages to increase our resource production. Each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron. So capturing Santarem and Evora would double our income.

We need to calculate if we can defeat the garrisons. The garrisons are 1 knight (defense 3) at Santarem, and 1 spearman (defense 3) at Evora. Effective defense includes location bonus (village). The report says effective defense (location bonus included): 3 for both. So we use that directly.

When attacking, our troops count their ATTACK; defender counts DEFENSE. The most numerous type sets counter matchup. We can choose which troops to send to optimize.

We have 5 spearman (attack 1 each), 4 archer (attack 2 each), 3 knight (attack 4 each). If we send all, most numerous is spearman (5), so counter matchup: spearman vs knight? Actually, the defender's most numerous type? The rule: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So for our army, most numerous is spearman (5). For defender at Santarem, it's 1 knight (only type). So matchup: spearman vs knight. Spearman counters knight? The counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. So spearman vs knight: spearman counters knight, so our force gets multiplied by 1.5. But wait: "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So our effective force = (sum of attacks) * 1.5? Or is it that the counter bonus applies to our force? Let's read: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counts knight; archer counts spearman; knight counts archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So if we have the counter, our total attack is multiplied by 1.5. The defender's defense is not multiplied unless they have counter? Actually, the defender's defense is just their defense value; the counter triangle only applies to attacker? The description says "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't specify defender. So if attacker has counter, attacker's force is multiplied by 1.5. If defender has counter? Not mentioned. Probably only attacker gets bonus. But we need to check: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So we compare most numerous types of both armies. If our most numerous type counters their most numerous type, we get bonus. If their most numerous type counters ours, maybe they get bonus? The rules don't explicitly say defender gets bonus. It says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." That implies if you have the counter, your force is multiplied. It doesn't say if the defender has the counter, their defense is multiplied. So likely only attacker can get the counter bonus. But we need to be careful: in the combat report, they say "effective defense values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus." So we don't apply location bonus again. The counter bonus is separate.

So for attacking Santarem: our most numerous type is spearman (if we send all 5). Their most numerous is knight (1). Spearman counters knight, so we get 1.5x multiplier on our attack. Our total attack if we send all: spearman 5*1=5, archer 4*2=8, knight 3*4=12, total 25. With multiplier: 25 * 1.5 = 37.5. Defender's effective defense is 3 (given). So we win easily. But we must also consider that we might not want to send all; we might want to keep some at home to defend? But our village is not under attack currently. We could send all to one village to ensure victory, but then we leave our village undefended? The enemy might attack us, but we don't see any enemy armies. However, if we send all, we have no troops at home. But we can build new ones. Since we have resources, we can build more. But if we send all, we might capture a village and then we have troops there. But we need to consider that the enemy might attack our capital. But we have no intel.

Alternatively, we could send a smaller force to test. But we want to minimize losses. The winner takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force). So if we win, we lose some troops proportional to defender's effective force. Defender has 3 effective defense. Our force is 37.5, so we lose some. The attrition is probably calculated as: our losses = (defender's effective force / our effective force) * our troops? Not specified. But we can expect to lose some.

We might want to send just enough to defeat the garrison without losing too many. But we also want to capture quickly.

We also have Evora with 1 spearman, defense 3. If we send our spearman there, most numerous spearman vs spearman? No counter. Our attack would be just spearman: 5*1=5, defender defense 3, we win but with less margin. If we send all, most numerous spearman, defender spearman, no counter. Total attack 25, defender 3, win.

But we could send different compositions to each to optimize. For Santarem (defender knight), we want to send spearman to counter. For Evora (defender spearman), we want to send archer to counter? Archer counters spearman. So we could send archers to Evora. But we only have 4 archers. If we send all 4 archers to Evora, most numerous archer vs spearman, counter bonus 1.5x. Attack: 4*2=8 *1.5 = 12. Defender 3, win. We could also send some spearman to Evora, but then most numerous might be spearman if we send more spearman than archer, which doesn't counter. So better to send archers only to Evora.

For Santarem, we could send spearman only, or a mix where spearman are most numerous. We have 5 spearman. If we send all 5 spearman to Santarem, attack 5*1=5 *1.5 = 7.5, defender 3, win. But we also have knights and archers; we could send them too, but then most numerous might still be spearman if we send all 5 spearman and fewer of others. If we send all 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight, most numerous is spearman (5), so counter bonus applies to whole army. That gives 37.5 vs 3. But we might lose more troops because we commit more. Actually, attrition might be proportional to defender's force, so losing a few troops regardless of our force size? Not sure. But we might want to conserve troops to build up.

We could also send just 1 spearman? But that would be attack 1, with counter? If we send 1 spearman, most numerous is spearman (1), defender knight (1), counter bonus: 1*1.5=1.5 vs 3, we lose. So we need enough attack to overcome defense. Minimum to win: we need effective attack > effective defense. With counter, we need attack * 1.5 > 3 => attack > 2. So at least 3 spearman (attack 3*1.5=4.5) or 2 spearman and something? Actually, if we send 2 spearman (attack 2) and 1 archer (attack 2) total 4, most numerous spearman (2) vs knight (1), counter bonus 1.5 => 6 vs 3 win. But we might lose fewer if we send fewer? But we also want to capture the village. The village garrison is 1 knight; after we win, we capture the village and the surviving defender? Actually, the defender's troops are probably destroyed or captured? The rules: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So the loser's force is reduced, but maybe not entirely eliminated? In typical games, the loser's army is destroyed. But here it says "The losing army is destroyed entirely" for open field battles. For village attacks, it might be similar. The garrison is 1 knight; if we win, that knight is likely eliminated. So we don't get to add it to our army.

We need to decide on builds and movements.

We have resources: wood 30, iron 20. We can build troops. We might want to build more spearman or archers to reinforce. But we can also send our existing troops to capture villages, and then use the new production to build more.

Let's think about turn 1: we have 12 troops. We can send them to attack Santarem and Evora. If we split, we can attack both. But we need to ensure we win both. Let's design a plan:

Option A: Send all troops to Santarem, capture it, then next turn we have two villages. But we leave Evora neutral. That might be okay.

Option B: Split: send some to Santarem, some to Evora. We need to ensure both succeed.

We have 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight. For Santarem (knight defender), we want spearman to counter. We could send 3 spearman and maybe some archers? But if we send 3 spearman and 1 archer, most numerous spearman (3) vs knight, counter. Attack: 3*1 + 1*2 = 5 *1.5 = 7.5 vs 3 win. Losses? We might lose some. For Evora (spearman defender), we want archers to counter. We could send 4 archers, attack 8 *1.5 = 12 vs 3 win. That uses all archers. Then we have 5 spearman and 3 knight left at home. We could send some to reinforce or keep at home. But we might want to keep some at home to defend Lisboa. However, no enemy visible.

Alternatively, we could send all to one, then build more at home.

We also need to consider that we can build new troops this turn. If we build, we use resources. We could build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 spearman (15 wood) and have leftover. We might want to build archers because they are effective against spearman, and we might encounter enemy spearman later. But we don't know enemy composition.

We should also consider that the enemy capital is Barcelona, which is far. We need to expand.

Let's decide: We'll attack both neutral villages to grow quickly. We'll send a force to Santarem: maybe 3 spearman, 2 archers? Actually, we want to minimize losses. The defender has 1 knight, attack? The knight has attack 4, but when defending, they use defense? The rule: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs." So defender uses defense. Knight defense is 2, but with location bonus, effective defense is 3. So defender's attack doesn't matter for our attack phase. But after we win, we take losses based on defender's effective force? The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So our losses are proportional to the loser's effective force. The loser's effective force is their defense? Or their attack? It says "attrition against the loser's effective force." In combat, effective force is the number after applying attack/defense and bonuses. For defender, their effective force is their defense (with location bonus). So we lose some troops based on that 3. So if we send a small force, we might lose a few troops. If we send a large force, we still lose a few? Probably the attrition is calculated as: our losses = (loser's effective force / winner's effective force) * number of our troops? Not sure. But typically, if we have overwhelming force, we lose fewer proportionally. So sending more might reduce percentage loss, but absolute loss might be similar? Actually, if attrition is fixed proportion of our force, then sending more means losing more absolute. But if it's a fixed number, then sending more is better because we have more to spare. The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." It doesn't specify formula. We'll assume it's something like: losses = loser's effective force (rounded up?) or a fraction. In many games, losses are a percentage. We'll need to see.

Given uncertainty, we might want to send just enough to win with minimal losses. But we also want to capture quickly.

Let's calculate minimum force to win against Santarem: defender effective defense 3. We need our effective attack > 3. If we send only spearman, we need attack > 2 without counter, or > 2 with counter? With counter (spearman vs knight), we get 1.5x. So if we send 3 spearman: attack 3 *1.5 = 4.5 > 3. If we send 2 spearman: attack 2*1.5=3, which is not greater than 3 (tie favors defender). So we need at least 3 spearman to win with counter. If we send 2 spearman and 1 archer: total attack 2+2=4, with counter 6 > 3, win. But most numerous is spearman (2) vs knight (1), counter applies. So 3 troops total. We could send 2 spearman and 1 archer, or 3 spearman. Which loses fewer? Probably similar.

For Evora: defender spearman, defense 3. To counter, we want archers. If we send archers, they counter spearman. Need attack > 3. With counter, need attack > 2. So 2 archers: attack 4 *1.5 = 6 > 3. Or 1 archer and 1 knight? But knight doesn't counter spearman, and most numerous would be? If we send 1 archer and 1 knight, tie in count breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So archer is most numerous? Actually, tie between archer and knight: order is spearman, archer, knight. So archer wins tie, so most numerous is archer. Then counter: archer vs spearman, archer counters spearman, so we get 1.5x. Attack: archer 2 + knight 4 = 6 *1.5 = 9 > 3. But that uses a knight which is expensive. We could just send 2 archers. We have 4 archers, so we can send 2 archers to Evora and keep 2 at home, or send all 4.

We also have 3 knights at home. We could send them to somewhere, but they are slow? Actually, knight speed fast. They could be used to attack a village where they counter archers? But we don't know enemy.

We need to decide on builds. We have 30 wood, 20 iron. We could build 2 spearman (30 wood) and have 0 wood, 20 iron left. Or build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 10 iron. Or build 1 spearman (15 wood) leaving 15 wood, 20 iron. Or build nothing.

Since we want to expand, we might want to build more troops to reinforce our existing village or to send. But if we send all our troops, we have no garrison at Lisboa. If the enemy attacks Lisboa, we lose our capital. But we don't see any enemy armies. However, the enemy might be building and could attack next turn. We should keep some troops at home for defense. Lisboa is a capital, effective defense 36 (with location bonus). That's high, but if enemy attacks with many troops, they could defeat the garrison. We have 12 troops now; if we send them all, defense becomes 0? Actually, the effective defense of 36 includes the location bonus and the troops? The report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 36". That likely includes the troops' defense. If we remove troops, the effective defense would drop. So we should keep some troops to maintain defense.

We could send some troops and keep some. For example, send 3 spearman and 2 archers to Santarem, and 2 archers to Evora, keeping 2 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight at home. That gives us a decent defense.

Let's plan:

- Build: maybe build 2 spearman to increase manpower. But we have wood for 2 spearman (30 wood). Iron would be 20, unchanged. That would give us 7 spearman total. But if we build, they take 1 turn to ready? The rules: "ready in 1 turn." So they are available next turn? Actually, "ready in 1 turn" means they are built and can be used next turn? Or they are built at the end of the turn? Typically, orders are simultaneous; if we order a build, the troops are produced and available for movement next turn. The report says "Each troop type has its own ATTACK and DEFENSE values... ready in 1 turn." So if we order a build, they will appear at the village at the start of next turn, and can be used then. So we can build now and use them next turn.

But we might want to send our existing troops now to capture villages, and then next turn we have more production and can build more.

We need to output orders for this turn. We can both build and move.

Let's decide:

We want to capture Santarem and Evora. We'll send a force to each.

To Santarem (defender knight): send 3 spearman and 1 archer? Actually, we want to minimize losses. Let's send 3 spearman (attack 3, with counter 4.5) vs 3 defense, win. But we might lose some spearman. If we include an archer, we increase attack but also increase our troop count, which might increase our losses? Not sure. Let's keep it simple: send 3 spearman to Santarem. They will win, but we might lose 1 or 2. We have 5 spearman, so we can spare 3.

To Evora (defender spearman): send 2 archers (attack 4, with counter 6) vs 3, win. We have 4 archers, so we can spare 2.

Keep at home: 2 spearman, 2 archers, 3 knights. That's 7 troops, defense contribution: spearman defense 2 each, archer defense 2 each, knight defense 2 each. Total defense from troops = 2*2 + 2*2 + 3*2 = 4+4+6=14. Location bonus for capital: defense x1.5? Actually, "Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital)." So effective defense = (sum of troop defense) * 1.5? The report says effective defense 36 for Lisboa with 12 troops. Let's check: 5 spearman (def 2 each =10), 4 archer (def 2 each =8), 3 knight (def 2 each =6), total defense = 24. With capital bonus x1.5 = 36. Yes. So if we keep 2 spearman (4), 2 archer (4), 3 knight (6) = 14, with bonus 1.5 = 21 effective defense. That's still decent.

We could also send the knights somewhere? They are fast, but we don't have a good target. We could send them to reinforce Santarem after it's captured? But we can only send to a village; if we send to Santarem now, it's neutral, we'd have to attack it. We can't reinforce a neutral village. So we must attack to capture. If we send knights to Santarem, they would join the attack. But we already have enough there. Sending knights would increase our force but also might change the most numerous type. If we send knights to Santarem, and we also send spearman, the most numerous might be spearman if we send more spearman than knights. We have 3 knights, 5 spearman. If we send 3 knights and 3 spearman, most numerous is spearman (3) vs knight (1), counter still applies. Attack: 3*4 + 3*1 = 12+3=15 *1.5 = 22.5 vs 3. That's overkill. We'd lose fewer proportionally? But we commit more troops, so absolute loss might be higher? Actually, if attrition is a fraction of our force, then committing more troops might result in more absolute losses, but percentage lower. But if attrition is based on defender's effective force, then our losses might be roughly constant regardless of our force size? For example, if we lose 1 troop per 3 defender defense? Not sure.

We might want to keep knights at home for defense because they are fast and can reinforce quickly if needed. But they are also expensive to build.

Let's consider building: we have 30 wood, 20 iron. We could build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood) but that's 35 wood, we only have 30. So we can build either 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 10 iron. Or we could build 1 knight? Need 30 wood, 30 iron, we have only 20 iron, so no.

We might want to build archers because they are useful against spearman, and we might encounter enemy spearman. But we already have 4 archers. Building 1 more gives 5. We could also build spearman to increase our spearman count, which are cheap and counter knights.

I think we should build 2 spearman to increase our overall manpower, since spearman are cheap and we can use them to counter knights. But we need to consider that we have 30 wood exactly; if we build 2 spearman, we use all wood, leaving 20 iron. Next turn, we produce 30 wood, 20 iron from Lisboa, so we'll have 30 wood, 40 iron. Then we can build more.

If we build 1 archer, we use 20 wood, 10 iron, leaving 10 wood, 10 iron. Next turn, we produce 30 wood, 20 iron from Lisboa, total 40 wood, 30 iron. Then we could build a knight? Need 30 wood, 30 iron, so we could build 1 knight. That might be good.

But we also need to consider that we are attacking neutral villages; after we capture them, they will produce resources. If we capture Santarem and Evora, next turn we'll have 2 villages producing, so our economy doubles.

Let's decide on movements:

We'll send:
- From Lisboa to Santarem: 3 spearman, 1 archer? Or just 3 spearman. Let's send 3 spearman to Santarem.
- From Lisboa to Evora: 2 archers.

But wait, we need to specify the exact troops in the movements. The JSON expects "troops": {"spearman": n, "archer": n, "knight": n}. We can send multiple types.

We should also consider that we might want to send some troops to our own village to reinforce? Not needed.

We could also send a diplomat? No.

Let's check the rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if we send from Lisboa to Santarem and also from somewhere else to Santarem, they fight separately. But we only have one village.

So we can send multiple movements from Lisboa to different targets.

We need to ensure we don't send more troops than we have. We have 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight. If we send 3 spearman to Santarem, 2 archer to Evora, we have 2 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight left.

We could also send the knights to attack a neutral village? But we don't see any other neutral villages connected. The only connected are Santarem and Evora. So we can't attack others yet.

We could send the knights to reinforce Lisboa? That doesn't make sense.

We could send the knights to Santarem as well, but that would be a separate movement? Actually, we can only send one movement per target per turn? The rules don't specify a limit on number of movements from a village. We can send multiple detachments from the same village to different targets. But can we send multiple to the same target? Probably not, because they would fight separately. But we could combine them into one movement. So we should combine all troops going to Santarem into one movement.

So for Santarem, we could send a mixed force. Let's decide on a force that ensures victory with minimal losses. Since we don't know the exact attrition, we might want to send a moderate force.

Perhaps we should send all our spearman to Santarem (5) and all our archers to Evora (4). Then we keep knights at home. That gives:
- Santarem: 5 spearman, attack 5, with counter 7.5 vs 3, win.
- Evora: 4 archers, attack 8, with counter 12 vs 3, win.
- Home: 3 knights, defense 6, with bonus 1.5 = 9 effective defense. That's lower than 36, but maybe okay. We could also keep some spearman? But we sent all spearman. We have 5 spearman; if we send all 5, we have no spearman at home. We could send 4 spearman to Santarem and keep 1. But we need to ensure victory at Santarem: with 4 spearman, attack 4 *1.5 = 6 > 3, win. So we can keep 1 spearman at home. Then home has 1 spearman (def 2), 3 knights (def 6) = 8, *1.5 = 12 effective defense. Better.

For Evora, we need at least 2 archers to win (attack 4*1.5=6). We have 4, so we can send 2 or 3. If we send 2, we keep 2 archers at home. Home then has 1 spearman, 2 archers, 3 knights: defense 2+4+6=12, *1.5=18. That's decent.

So we could send:
- To Santarem: 4 spearman
- To Evora: 2 archers
Keep: 1 spearman, 2 archers, 3 knights.

But wait, we also have the option to send knights to Evora? If we send knights to Evora, they don't counter spearman, but they have high attack. If we send 1 knight and 1 archer to Evora, most numerous? 1 archer, 1 knight: tie, archer wins tie, so counter applies. Attack: 2+4=6 *1.5=9 > 3. That uses 1 knight and 1 archer. Then we could keep 2 archers and 3 knights at home? But we only have 3 knights total. If we send 1 knight, we have 2 knights left. That might be okay.

But we might want to keep knights at home for defense because they are fast and have high defense? Actually, all troops have defense 2, so knights are not better defenders. They are just fast. So for defense, any troop is equal. So we might as well send knights to attack if we can, to conserve spearman and archers? But spearman are cheap to build, knights are expensive. So we might want to keep knights safe at home where they can defend, while sending spearman and archers to attack, because spearman and archers are cheaper to replace. Actually, if we lose troops, we have to rebuild them. Losing a knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron; losing a spearman costs 15 wood. So we want to minimize losses of expensive troops. In combat, the winner takes losses regardless of type? The rule says "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." It doesn't specify which troops are lost. It might be random or proportional. We should assume we could lose any troops. So we might want to send cheaper troops to attack to avoid losing expensive ones.

Thus, sending spearman and archers to attack, and keeping knights at home to defend, might be better because if we lose some spearman during the attack, it's less costly than losing a knight. Also, if our home village is attacked, we might lose defenders, but we can choose which troops are defending? The garrison is the troops at home; if enemy attacks, they fight our defenders. We might lose some defenders. So we want to keep our army balanced.

Given all this, I think a reasonable plan is:
- Send 4 spearman to Santarem (attack with counter).
- Send 2 archers to Evora (attack with counter).
- Keep 1 spearman, 2 archers, 3 knights at Lisboa.
- Build: we have 30 wood, 20 iron. We could build 2 spearman (30 wood) to reinforce our home garrison, since we are sending away 4 spearman and only keeping 1. Building 2 spearman would give us 3 spearman at home after build? Actually, build adds to home garrison. We currently have 5 spearman; we send 4, keep 1. If we build 2, we'll have 3 spearman at home next turn (the built ones arrive at end of turn? They are ready in 1 turn, so they will be available next turn for movement or defense. But this turn, they are not yet built, so they don't affect this turn's combat. The build order is for this turn; the troops will be produced and can be used next turn. So for this turn's movements, we can only send existing troops. So we can build 2 spearman, and they will be at home next turn. That increases our home garrison for next turn.

Alternatively, we could build 1 archer to get more archers. But we have plenty of archers? We have 4, send 2, keep 2. If we build 1 archer, we'll have 3 archers at home next turn. But archers cost iron, which we might need for knights later.

I think building spearman is safe because they are cheap and counter knights. We might encounter enemy knights.

Let's also consider that we might want to send a scout? No.

We need to write "plan" and "statement".

Plan: We'll attack the two neutral villages to expand our territory and increase resource production. We'll send spearman to Santarem and archers to Evora, using the counter bonus to minimize losses. We'll keep a defensive garrison at Lisboa. We'll build more spearman to reinforce our home village and prepare for future campaigns.

Statement: We'll say we are launching a double attack on the neutral villages, aiming to secure resources and grow our army.

Now, we need to output JSON. The fields:

"build": list of objects with villageId, type, quantity. We only have villageId 0 (Lisboa). We'll build 2 spearman. So: {"villageId": 0, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}

"movements": list of objects with fromId, toId, troops. We'll have two movements:
- from 0 to 1 (Santarem): {"spearman": 4, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}
- from 0 to 2 (Evora): {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 0}

But wait, we need to ensure we don't send more than we have. We have 5 spearman, we send 4, keep 1. We have 4 archers, we send 2, keep 2. We have 3 knights, we send 0, keep 3. That's fine.

But we also need to consider that we might want to send some knights to Santarem to make it faster? No, speed doesn't matter for the attack itself; it only matters for march time. Both Santarem and Evora are 1 turn away for all speeds (1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast). So all troops arrive next turn. So no speed advantage.

We could also send a small force to Santarem to test, but we want to capture.

Let's double-check the counter for Evora: defender is 1 spearman. Our attackers: 2 archers. Most numerous type: archers (2) vs spearman (1). Archer counters spearman, so we get 1.5x multiplier. Our attack: 2*2=4 *1.5=6. Defender defense: 3 (effective). 6 > 3, we win. Good.

For Santarem: defender 1 knight. Our attackers: 4 spearman. Most numerous: spearman (4) vs knight (1). Spearman counters knight, multiplier 1.5. Attack: 4*1=4 *1.5=6. Defender defense: 3. 6 > 3, win. Good.

We could send fewer spearman to Santarem: 3 spearman gives 4.5 > 3, also wins. But sending 4 gives a larger margin, which might reduce our losses? If attrition is proportional, a larger margin might mean we lose fewer troops relative to defender's force? Actually, if our losses are (defender effective force / our effective force) * our troops, then with 4 spearman our effective force is 6, so loss fraction = 3/6 = 0.5, so we lose 2 spearman. With 3 spearman, effective force 4.5, loss fraction = 3/4.5 = 0.667, lose 2 spearman (3*0.667=2). So similar absolute loss? Actually, 3*0.667=2, 4*0.5=2. So we might lose 2 spearman either way. With 5 spearman, effective 7.5, loss fraction 3/7.5=0.4, lose 2 spearman (5*0.4=2). So it seems absolute loss might be around 2 regardless? That suggests we should send the minimum needed to conserve troops? But if we send 3, we keep 2 at home; if we send 4, we keep 1 at home. Keeping more at home is better for defense. So sending 3 might be better because we keep an extra spearman at home. But if we lose 2 from the attacking force, we end up with fewer overall. Let's think: if we send 3 and lose 2, we have 1 left from that group, plus we kept 2 at home, total 3 spearman left. If we send 4 and lose 2, we have 2 left from that group, plus we kept 1 at home, total 3 spearman left. So same total. But if we send 3, we have 2 at home initially, which is better for defense this turn? But the attack happens next turn? Actually, movements take 1 turn, so they arrive next turn and fight. The defense of our home village this turn is based on troops currently there. If we send 3, we keep 2 at home, so home defense is higher this turn. If enemy attacks this turn, they face our current garrison. Since we don't see enemy armies, but they might be moving, we want to keep a decent garrison. So sending 3 spearman and keeping 2 might be safer.

But we also have the build order: we are building 2 spearman this turn. They will be available next turn. So even if we send 3 now, next turn we'll have the 2 new spearman plus the 2 we kept, total 4 at home (if no losses). But if we send 3 and they arrive next turn and fight, we might lose some. It's complicated.

Given the uncertainty, I'll go with sending 3 spearman to Santarem and 2 archers to Evora, keeping 2 spearman, 2 archers, 3 knights at home. That seems balanced.

Let's adjust: we have 5 spearman. Send 3 to Santarem, keep 2. We have 4 archers, send 2 to Evora, keep 2. Knights all stay.

Build: we can build 2 spearman (30 wood) to increase home garrison. Or we could build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) to increase archers. Since we are sending archers away, building an archer might be good to maintain archer count. But we have 2 archers left at home, which is okay. Building spearman is cheaper and we need to replenish spearman. Let's build 2 spearman.

But wait, we need to check resource cap: we have 30 wood, 20 iron. Building 2 spearman costs 30 wood, 0 iron. So we can afford it. After build, we have 0 wood, 20 iron. Next turn, we produce 30 wood, 20 iron from Lisboa, so we'll have 30 wood, 40 iron. If we capture Santarem and Evora, they will also produce resources next turn after we capture them? The capture happens next turn when our troops arrive and fight. If we win, the village becomes ours, and we can collect resources from it starting the turn after capture? Typically, you collect resources the turn after you capture. The rules: "Each village you hold produces resources every turn." So if we capture at the start of next turn? Actually, our troops march for 1 turn, so they arrive at the start of next turn? The movement takes 1 turn; they are on the march during this turn, and arrive next turn. The combat happens when they arrive. So the village is neutral during this turn. Next turn, our troops arrive, fight, and if they win, we capture the village. Then that village produces resources next turn? Or does it produce immediately? The rules: "Each village you hold produces resources every turn." It might produce at the start of the turn. So if we capture it next turn, we might get resources from it next turn? Or the turn after? Usually, you get resources from a village from the turn after you capture it. But we need to check the rules: "Each village you hold produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn." It doesn't specify timing. We'll assume that if we capture it at the start of turn 2, it produces for turn 2. But we need to be careful: the game might be turn-based where resources are produced at the beginning of the turn. Since we are writing orders for turn 1, we won't see the results until turn 2. So we can plan for future.

Anyway, building 2 spearman is fine.

Let's finalize the orders:

Build: [{"villageId": 0, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}]

Movements: [
  {"fromId": 0, "toId": 1, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
  {"fromId": 0, "toId": 2, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 0}}
]

But wait, we need to consider that we might want to send some troops to our own village? No.

We should also consider that we might want to send a small force to explore? We can't see unexplored villages unless we send armies there. But we can only send to connected villages. The only connected are Santarem and Evora. So we can't explore further until we capture one of them and then see its connections.

So our plan is good.

Now, we need to write "plan" and "statement" in English.

Plan: "I am attacking the two neutral villages, Santarem and Evora, to expand my territory and increase resource production. I'm sending spearman to Santarem to counter the knight garrison, and archers to Evora to counter the spearman garrison. I'm keeping a defensive garrison at Lisboa and building more spearman to reinforce my home village. After capturing these, I will have three villages and can explore further."

Statement: "King A orders a double assault! My spearmen march on Santarem while my archers take Evora. With the counter bonuses, we should crush the neutral garrisons and expand our kingdom. My capital remains defended, and I am building more troops for the next campaign."

We need to keep plan and statement each 2-4 lines, under 600 characters. They are short.

Now, output JSON.

But we must ensure the JSON is valid. No trailing commas.

Let's write the JSON.

{
  "build": [
    {
      "villageId": 0,
      "type": "spearman",
      "quantity": 2
    }
  ],
  "movements": [
    {
      "fromId": 0,
      "toId": 1,
      "troops": {
        "spearman": 3,
        "archer": 0,
        "knight": 0
      }
    },
    {
      "fromId": 0,
      "toId": 2,
      "troops": {
        "spearman": 0,
        "archer": 2,
        "knight": 0
      }
    }
  ],
  "plan": "Attack the two neutral villages to expand. Send spearman to Santarem (counter knight) and archers to Evora (counter spearman). Keep a garrison at home and build more spearman. After capture, we will have 3 villages and can explore further.",
  "statement": "King A launches a double attack! My spearmen take Santarem, archers take Evora. Capital remains defended, and we build more troops for the next campaign."
}

Check character counts: plan is about 200, statement about 150. Fine.

But we need to ensure we don't send troops we don't have. We have 5 spearman, we send 3, keep 2. We have 4 archers, send 2, keep 2. We have 3 knights, send 0. All good.

We should also consider if we want to send any knights to reinforce? Not needed.

One more thing: the rule "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." We have 30 wood, 20 iron. Spearman costs 15 wood, so 2 spearman costs 30 wood, we have exactly 30, so we can pay. Good.

Also, cap per village: when number of troops at home reaches 300, stops building. We have 12, so fine.

Now, we need to output only the JSON, no other text.

Let's produce the final answer.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":0,"destinoId":1,"tropas":{"lanceiro":3,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":0,"destinoId":2,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":0}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO envio [0]->[1]: 3S (alvo neutra cavaleiro)
ACEITO envio [0]->[2]: 2A (alvo neutra lanceiro)
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Attack the two neutral villages to expand. Send spearman to Santarem (counter knight) and archers to Evora (counter spearman). Keep a garrison at home and build more spearman. After capture, we will have 3 villages and can explore further.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): King A launches a double attack! My spearmen take Santarem, archers take Evora. Capital remains defended, and we build more troops for the next campaign.
########## TURNO 1 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 2404 | resposta 4045 | raciocinio 4045 | finish content_filter | ms 66821
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B in a strategy game. I need to provide a JSON response with build orders, movement orders, a plan, and a statement.

Current state:
- I hold 1 of 24 villages (Barcelona, id 22, capital)
- Goal: hold at least 18 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.
- Enemy capital is Lisboa (id 0), but taking it is not required.
- My capital has 12 troops: 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight.
- Resources: wood 30, iron 20 (produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn).
- Neutral villages nearby: Tarragona (id 21, 1 knight, defense 3), Girona (id 23, 1 spearman, defense 3).
- Road network shows connections.

First turn: I should probably expand. I can attack the neutral villages to gain more territory. They are weak (1 troop each, defense 3). My troops can easily take them.

Combat rules:
- Attack: spearman 1, archer 2, knight 4
- Defense: spearman 2, archer 2, knight 2
- Counters: spearman counters knight (1.5x), archer counters spearman (1.5x), knight counters archer (1.5x). Most numerous type sets counter.
- Defending in village: defense x1.25, castle x1.5. Effective defense already includes bonus.
- Ties favor defender.
- Loser destroyed entirely. Winner loses half of loser's effective force.

To attack Tarragona (1 knight, defense 3):
If I send all troops: 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight.
Most numerous: spearman (5). Counter: spearman counters knight, but defender is knight? Wait, the counter is based on the attacker's most numerous type vs defender's type? The rule says: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5 (every troop in it, not only the countering type). The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."

So attacker's most numerous type vs defender's most numerous type. If attacker has spearman as most numerous, and defender has knight, then spearman counters knight, so attacker gets 1.5x multiplier. But the defender's most numerous is knight, so attacker's spearman counters it. The rule says "Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5". So if I attack with mostly spearman against a knight defender, I get 1.5x.

But wait: the defender has only 1 knight. So their most numerous is knight. My most numerous is spearman (5). Spearman counters knight, so my whole army gets 1.5x.

My attack force: 5 spearman (attack 1 each = 5), 4 archer (attack 2 each = 8), 3 knight (attack 4 each = 12). Total attack = 25. With 1.5x = 37.5.
Defender: 1 knight, defense 2, but effective defense is 3 (includes location bonus). So defense = 3.
I win easily. Loser (defender) is destroyed entirely. Winner loses half of loser's effective force. Loser's effective force: 1 knight with defense 2? But effective defense is 3, so maybe effective force is 3? The rule: "The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force". The loser's effective force is probably the defender's effective defense value? Or the total force? It says "effective force". For a defender, effective force might be the defense value times number of troops? The example is vague. But since the defender has only 1 knight, the loss should be small.

However, I should consider that I might want to preserve my troops. But sending all is fine.

Alternatively, I could send a smaller force to minimize losses. But since I need to grow, I should send enough to take the village.

Also, I can build more troops. My village produces 30 wood, 20 iron. Costs: spearman 15 wood, 0 iron; archer 20 wood, 10 iron; knight 30 wood, 30 iron. I have 30 wood, 20 iron. I can build one spearman (15 wood) and one archer (20 wood, 10 iron) but that's 35 wood, I only have 30. So I can build either one spearman (15 wood) and have 15 wood left, but archer needs 20 wood, so can't. Or one archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 10 iron. Or one knight? 30 wood, 30 iron - not enough iron. So I can build at most one archer or one spearman. Actually, I can build one spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) and have 15 wood, 20 iron left. Then I could also build another spearman? 15 wood, but I'd have 0 wood. So two spearmen? 30 wood total, yes. But I need to consider that resources are produced at the end of turn? The rules: "Each village you hold produces resources every turn". And "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." So I have 30 wood, 20 iron. I can build two spearmen (30 wood, 0 iron) or one archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and one spearman (15 wood) but that's 35 wood, not enough. So max: two spearmen, or one archer and nothing else (since 20 wood, 10 iron leaves 10 wood, 10 iron, not enough for another). Or one spearman (15 wood) and one archer? 35 wood, no. So two spearmen is best value.

But I might want to build archers or knights later. For now, building spearmen is cheap and fast.

However, I also need to consider that my village has a cap of 300 troops. I have 12, so plenty of room.

I should expand. My plan: take Tarragona and Girona to get more villages, then expand inland.

Let's decide on orders:

Build: I can build two spearmen at Barcelona. That uses 30 wood, leaving 0 wood, 20 iron. Next turn I'll have 30 wood, 20 iron again.

Movements: I should attack Tarragona and Girona. They are both adjacent to Barcelona. I can send troops to each. But I have only 12 troops. If I split, I might not have enough. Let's check:

Tarragona: 1 knight, defense 3. If I send, say, 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight? That's 6 troops. Attack: spearman 3*1=3, archer 2*2=4, knight 1*4=4, total 11. Most numerous spearman (3), defender knight (1), counter: spearman vs knight = 1.5x, so 16.5. Defense 3. Win. But I might lose some troops.

Girona: 1 spearman, defense 3. If I send the rest: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight? That's 6 troops. Attack: 2*1 + 2*2 + 2*4 = 2+4+8=14. Most numerous: tie between spearman, archer, knight? Ties break in order spearman, archer, knight. So most numerous is spearman (2). Defender is spearman. Spearman vs spearman: no counter? The triangle: spearman counters knight, archer counters spearman, knight counters archer. So spearman does not counter spearman. So no bonus. Attack 14 vs defense 3. Win.

But I need to consider that I might want to keep some troops in my capital for defense? The capital is interior, no enemy border, so it's safe for now. I can send all troops.

However, the rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So I can send one group to Tarragona and one to Girona. They fight separately.

I can send all 12 troops to one village, but then the other might be left. But since they are both neutral, I can take both in one turn if I send armies to both. But I need to split my forces.

Actually, I can send an army to Tarragona and an army to Girona simultaneously. They are different targets.

Let's calculate losses. The rule: "The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself."

Loser's effective force: For a defender, it's probably the effective defense times number of troops? Or just the effective defense value? The report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 3". That might be the total effective force of the garrison. Since there's 1 knight, its effective defense is 3. So the loser's effective force is 3. Half of that is 1.5, rounded? Probably 1 or 2 troops? The rule says "spread over its troop types". So I might lose some troops worth 1.5 force. Since my troops have different values, I need to interpret.

Maybe the loss is calculated as: the loser's total effective force (sum of defense values times number) is 3. Half is 1.5. The winner loses troops whose total effective force (using their attack values? or defense?) equals that. The rule says "worth HALF of the loser's effective force". It might mean the loser's effective force value. So I lose troops with a total "force" of 1.5. But what is the force of my troops? It might be their attack value? Or maybe it's a abstract point system.

Given the simplicity, I'll assume that if I attack with a large army, I'll lose a few troops. But since the defender is weak, I'll lose maybe 1 or 2 troops.

To be safe, I could send a minimal force. But I want to capture the villages quickly.

Let's think about the counter triangle. If I send all spearman, I get the counter bonus against knights, but against spearman I don't. Girona has a spearman, so if I send mostly archers, I get the counter bonus (archer counters spearman). But I have more spearman than archer. If I send a mixed army, the most numerous type sets the counter. So if I send 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight, most numerous is spearman. Against Tarragona (knight), I get counter bonus. Against Girona (spearman), no bonus. But I still win because my attack is high.

Alternatively, I could send only archers to Girona to get the bonus. But I have only 4 archer. If I send 4 archer to Girona: attack 8, most numerous archer, defender spearman, counter bonus 1.5x = 12. Defense 3. Win. And send the rest to Tarragona: 5 spearman, 3 knight = attack 5+12=17, most numerous spearman, counter vs knight = 1.5x = 25.5. Win. But then I split my forces.

I could also send all to one, then next turn send to the other. But that delays expansion.

I think I should take both in one turn to grow fast.

Let's decide on builds: I'll build two spearmen to increase my army. I'll send them along with existing troops.

But wait: I need to assign builds to a village. I only have Barcelona. So build there.

Orders:
Build: two spearmen at Barcelona (id 22).
Movements: 
- From Barcelona to Tarragona (21): send maybe 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight? Or all? Let's send a balanced force to minimize losses? Actually, I want to capture the village and have troops there to defend. I'll send a decent amount.
- From Barcelona to Girona (23): send the rest.

But I have 12 troops. If I send, say, 6 to each, that's fine. But I need to specify exact numbers.

Let's compute effective attack and expected losses.

For Tarragona (1 knight, defense 3):
If I send: 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight (total 6)
Attack: 3*1 + 2*2 + 1*4 = 3+4+4=11. Most numerous: spearman (3). Defender: knight (1). Counter: spearman vs knight = 1.5x. Effective attack = 16.5.
Defense = 3. Win.
Loser effective force = 3 (defender's effective defense). Half = 1.5. I lose troops worth 1.5 force. How to interpret? Maybe I lose 1 spearman (attack 1) and part of another? Or maybe it's rounded. I'll assume I lose 1 or 2 troops. Since it's a small loss, I'll just note it.

For Girona (1 spearman, defense 3):
If I send: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight (total 6)
Attack: 2*1 + 2*2 + 2*4 = 2+4+8=14. Most numerous: tie between spearman, archer, knight (2 each). Ties break in order spearman, archer, knight. So most numerous is spearman. Defender: spearman. No counter. Effective attack = 14.
Defense = 3. Win.
Loser effective force = 3, half = 1.5. Similar loss.

Total troops sent: 12. After losses, I might have 10 or so. But I'll gain two villages.

Alternatively, I could send all 12 to one, then next turn send to the other. But that would take two turns to capture both. I want to expand quickly.

I think it's fine.

But wait: I also have the option to send troops to a village I own to reinforce. Not needed now.

Another consideration: The enemy might be doing something. But I have no information about enemy armies. The fog of war shows only my area. The enemy capital is far away.

My plan: Take the two neutral villages to start my empire. Then explore and expand towards the enemy.

Let's write the plan: "Expand by capturing the neutral villages Tarragona and Girona. Build spearmen to reinforce. Then push inland towards Madrid and beyond to connect with enemy territories. Aim to capture as many villages as possible to reach 18."

Statement: "I order the construction of two spearmen and launch attacks on the neighboring neutral villages to begin my conquest."

Now, I need to output JSON.

But I must be careful: The build order requires "villageId", "type", "quantity". I have only one village, id 22.

Movements: array of objects with "fromId", "toId", "troops" object with keys "spearman", "archer", "knight". I can send zero of a type, but I should include only positive numbers? The example shows numbers, probably non-negative. I'll include only types I send, or set to 0.

Let's decide exact troop distribution.

I have 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight.

Option 1: Send all to Tarragona, then next turn send to Girona. But that's slow.

Option 2: Split evenly.

I'll split: 
To Tarragona: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight (5 troops)
To Girona: 3 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight (7 troops)
But then I have 5+4+3=12, so 5+7=12, correct.

But wait, I'm building two more spearmen, so I'll have 7 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight = 14 troops. But builds take one turn, so they won't be available for movement this turn. The orders are simultaneous: I write orders based on current state. The build orders will produce troops at the end of the turn? The rules: "ready in 1 turn." So if I order a build, it will be ready next turn. So for movement this turn, I only have the existing 12 troops.

So I should not count the new builds for movement this turn.

So my available troops for movement: 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight.

I'll send, say, 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight to Tarragona (6 troops)
And 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight to Girona (6 troops)
Total 12.

That seems balanced.

Let's check counter for Tarragona: my most numerous is spearman (3), defender knight, counter bonus 1.5x. Attack: 3*1 + 2*2 + 1*4 = 3+4+4=11, 1.5x = 16.5 vs defense 3. Win.

Girona: my most numerous is spearman (2) but tie with archer and knight? Actually, I send 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. So tie. Ties break in order spearman, archer, knight. So most numerous is spearman. Defender spearman, no bonus. Attack: 2+4+8=14 vs 3. Win.

Losses: For Tarragona, loser effective force 3, half 1.5. I lose troops worth 1.5. Since my troops have attack values, maybe the loss is taken from the troop types proportionally? The rule says "spread over its troop types". So I might lose a spearman (attack 1) and half an archer? But troops are integer. Probably the game rounds. I'll assume I lose 1 or 2 troops. It's not critical.

For Girona, similar.

After capturing, the surviving attackers stay there as garrison. So I'll have troops in both villages.

Now, builds: I can build two spearmen. That uses 30 wood, 0 iron. I have exactly 30 wood, 20 iron. So I can build two spearmen. But wait, the rule: "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." So I need to have the resources. I have 30 wood, so I can build two spearmen (15 each). That leaves 0 wood. Next turn I'll produce 30 wood, so I can build more.

I could also build one archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and have 10 wood, 10 iron left, but I can't build anything else with that. So two spearmen is better because it gives more troops.

Alternatively, I could save resources for a knight later. But I need troops now.

I'll build two spearmen.

So build: [ {"villageId": 22, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2} ]

Movements: 
[
  {"fromId": 22, "toId": 21, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 2, "knight": 1}},
  {"fromId": 22, "toId": 23, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 2, "knight": 2}}
]

But wait, I have 5 spearman. If I send 3+2=5, that's all. 4 archer: 2+2=4, all. 3 knight: 1+2=3, all. So I'm sending my entire army. That might leave my capital undefended. But the capital is interior, no enemy border, so it's safe for now. And I'll get new builds next turn.

Is there any risk? The enemy might attack, but they are far away.
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
placar: A 1 ald/tropas 7 | B 1 ald/tropas 12 | neutras 22 | transito 2 (A 2 | B 0)

########## TURNO 2 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 2313 | resposta 1516 | raciocinio 1516 | finish content_filter | ms 28422
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A and provide orders for the current turn based on the game state provided.

Let's analyze the game state:
- I am King A.
- I currently hold 3 of 24 villages: Lisboa (capital), Santarem, Evora.
- Total soldiers at home: 13 (6 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight) + 0 marching.
  - Lisboa: 9 troops (4 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight). Resources: wood 30, iron 40.
  - Santarem: 2 troops (2 spearman). Resources: wood 0, iron 0.
  - Evora: 2 troops (2 archer). Resources: wood 0, iron 0.
- Neutral villages visible:
  - Coimbra: 1 spearman, defense 3. March from Santarem: 1 turn.
  - Badajoz: 2 knights, defense 5. March from Santarem: 1 turn.
  - Faro: 2 knights, defense 5. March from Evora: 1 turn.
- Unexplored: Porto, Salamanca, Toledo, Vigo, Sevilha, Cordoba, Teruel, Madrid, Burgos, Zaragoza, Valencia, Murcia, Castellon, Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona, Barcelona (enemy capital), Girona.
- Road network is provided.
- Combat and economy rules are provided.

Let's look at my resources and what I can build:
- Lisboa has wood 30, iron 40.
  - spearman costs 15 wood + 0 iron.
  - archer costs 20 wood + 10 iron.
  - knight costs 30 wood + 30 iron.
- With 30 wood and 40 iron, Lisboa can build:
  - 2 spearmen (30 wood, 0 iron) -> leaves 0 wood, 40 iron.
  - or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> leaves 0 wood, 10 iron.
  - or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> leaves 10 wood, 30 iron.
  - or 1 spearman (15 wood) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> total 35 wood (not enough wood).
  - Let's check max builds:
    - 2 spearmen: cost 30 wood, 0 iron. We have 30 wood, 40 iron. Yes.
    - 1 archer: cost 20 wood, 10 iron. We have 30 wood, 40 iron. Yes.
    - Can we build 1 spearman and 1 archer? 15+20 = 35 wood (we only have 30). No.
    - Can we build 2 archers? 40 wood (we have 30). No.
    - Can we build 1 knight? 30 wood, 30 iron. Yes.
    - So the best use of 30 wood and 40 iron is probably 2 spearman (cost 30 wood) and 1 archer (cost 20 wood - wait, wood would be 30-20=10, but we need 30 for 2 spearmen. Total wood for 2 spearman + 1 archer = 15*2 + 20 = 50 wood. We only have 30).
    - What about 1 spearman (15 wood) and 1 knight (30 wood)? Total 45 wood. No.
    - What about 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron)? Total 50 wood. No.
    - So we can build:
      - 2 spearman (costs 30 wood, 0 iron)
      - OR 1 archer (costs 20 wood, 10 iron) + leave 10 wood, 30 iron
      - OR 1 knight (costs 30 wood, 30 iron) + leave 0 wood, 10 iron
      - OR 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) + leave 15 wood, 40 iron.
    - Let's build 2 spearmen, as spearmen are cheap and useful, or 1 knight. Since we need to expand and knights are fast, but we have 3 knights already. Let's build 2 spearmen to reinforce Santarem or Lisboa, or 1 archer. Actually, 2 spearmen is a solid choice. Let's build 2 spearmen in Lisboa.

Let's look at movements:
We want to conquer neutral villages to expand.
- Coimbra: 1 spearman, defense 3.
  - March from Santarem: 1 turn. Santarem has 2 spearman.
  - If I send 2 spearmen from Santarem to attack Coimbra:
    - Attackers: 2 spearman (attack 2 * 1 = 2, but wait, spearman attack is 1, so 2 spearman = 2 attack).
    - Defenders: 1 spearman in village (defense 2, but effective defense is 3, which includes location bonus).
    - Wait, the rule says: "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again."
    - So defender effective defense is 3.
    - Attacker attack: 2 spearman have attack 1 each, total 2.
    - Is there a counter? Spearman vs spearman: no counter bonus (spearman counters knight, archer counters spearman, knight counters archer).
    - So attacker force is 2, defender force is 3. Defender wins (tie favors defender, but here defender is higher anyway).
    - So 2 spearman cannot take Coimbra. We need more troops.
    - Can we send troops from Lisboa to Santarem first, then to Coimbra? No, they march along roads. Lisboa to Santarem is 1 turn. Then Santarem to Coimbra is another turn. That's 2 turns.
    - Can we send troops from Lisboa directly to Coimbra? Road network: Lisboa is connected to Santarem and Evora. Coimbra is connected to Santarem, Porto, Salamanca. So to go from Lisboa to Coimbra, we must go through Santarem. Lisboa -> Santarem -> Coimbra. That's 2 turns.
    - What about Badajoz? 2 knights, defense 5. March from Santarem: 1 turn.
    - Faro: 2 knights, defense 5. March from Evora: 1 turn.
    - Can we reinforce Santarem from Lisboa?
      - Lisboa has 4 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight.
      - If we send 4 spearman and 2 archer from Lisboa to Santarem:
        - Travel time: Lisboa to Santarem is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn. Since we send spearman (slow) and archer (medium), the speed is slowest = slow. So 1 turn.
        - They will arrive at Santarem next turn.
        - Then from Santarem, we can attack Coimbra or Badajoz.
        - But wait, if we send them to Santarem, they are marching. Can we attack Coimbra from Santarem in the same turn we order the march from Lisboa? No, orders are simultaneous. The troops from Lisboa won't be at Santarem until next turn. The troops at Santarem now are only 2 spearman.
        - So we cannot attack Coimbra this turn with reinforcements from Lisboa unless we send them from Lisboa directly to Coimbra, but they have to pass through Santarem. "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." Since Santarem is ours, they won't stop there, they will pass through. But the travel time is Lisboa -> Santarem (1 turn) + Santarem -> Coimbra (1 turn) = 2 turns total.
        - Wait, the march from Lisboa to Coimbra would take 2 turns. If we order them to march to Coimbra now, they will arrive in 2 turns.
        - If we order them to march to Santarem now, they arrive in 1 turn. Next turn we can order them to Coimbra.
        - Is there any way to
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
########## TURNO 2 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 2404 | resposta 1503 | raciocinio 1503 | finish content_filter | ms 24717
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: We need to output a JSON with build, movements, plan, statement.

We are King B, we hold Barcelona (id 22). We have 12 troops at home: 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight. Resources: wood 60, iron 40. Production per turn: 30 wood, 20 iron. So we can build something.

We need to capture villages to reach 18 of 24 to win. Currently 1 of 24. Enemy capital is Lisboa (id 0). We don't need to take it.

We see two neutral villages: Tarragona (21) with 1 knight, Girona (23) with 1 spearman. Both are 1 turn away (any speed). We can attack one or both.

We need to consider combat. Attacking a neutral village: we send troops, they fight garrison. The garrison is small. We can send all 12 troops? But we might want to keep some for defense? However, we have no enemy armies visible. We can send all to attack one village, then the other.

But note: we can only send troops from Barcelona. We can send to Tarragona or Girona. They are both 1 turn away. We could split forces? But the rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." Since we only have one village, we can only send one army from it. But we can send a mixed army. So we can send all troops to one target.

Which one? Tarragona has 1 knight, defense 3 (effective). Girona has 1 spearman, defense 3. Both have same effective defense. But we have counter triangle: our army's most numerous type sets counter. We have 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight. Most numerous is spearman (5). Spearman counters knight? Actually: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. So spearman counters knight. So if we have most numerous spearman, we get 1.5x bonus against knight? Wait: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5 (every troop in it, not only the countering type)." So if our most numerous type is spearman, and the enemy's most numerous type is knight, then we get the counter bonus. But the enemy garrison is only 1 knight in Tarragona, so its most numerous type is knight. So if we attack Tarragona with spearman-heavy army, we get 1.5x bonus. Against Girona, enemy has 1 spearman, so its most numerous is spearman. Our most numerous is spearman, so no counter bonus (tie? Actually tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So if both have spearman as most numerous, it's a tie, and the order says spearman counts first? The rule: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So if both have spearman as most numerous, it's a tie, and the tie-breaking order is spearman, archer, knight. So spearman vs spearman: no counter bonus? Actually the counter triangle is: spearman counters knight, archer counters spearman, knight counters archer. So spearman does not counter spearman. So no bonus. So attacking Tarragona gives us counter bonus (1.5x) because we have spearman vs knight. That seems better.

But we also need to consider that we might want to capture both quickly. We could send all to Tarragona this turn, then next turn send to Girona. Or we could send a smaller force to one and the rest to the other? But we can only send one army from Barcelona per turn? Actually we can send multiple armies from the same village? The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up..." It doesn't say we can't send from the same village multiple times. But typically in these games, you can send one army per village per turn? The movement orders: we can specify multiple movements from the same village? The JSON allows multiple movements entries. But the rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This implies we can send multiple armies from the same village? It says "different villages", so sending from the same village might be allowed? But then they would arrive at the same target and fight alone? Actually if we send two armies from the same village to the same target, they would arrive at the same time? The rule says "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up", implying that troops from the same village do add up? But then it says "each send fights alone, one at a time." This is ambiguous. Usually in these games, you can only send one army per village per turn, and it's a single stack. I think we should assume we can only send one army from each village per turn. The example in the prompt: "movements": [ {"fromId": ..., "toId": ..., "troops": {...}} ] suggests we can have multiple movements, but they could be from different villages. Since we only have one village, we can only send one army. So we must choose one target or split? But splitting would require sending two armies from the same village, which might not be allowed. I'll assume we can only send one army from Barcelona per turn. So we should send all troops to one target.

Which target? Tarragona gives counter bonus. Also, after taking Tarragona, we can then move to Girona or other villages. But note the road network: Tarragona connects to Zaragoza (17), Castellon (18), and Barcelona (22). Girona connects to Huesca (20) and Barcelona (22). So Tarragona opens a path to Zaragoza, which is a larger city. Girona opens to Huesca. We need to expand. Perhaps we should take Tarragona first because it leads to Zaragoza, which is a major hub (connects to Madrid, etc.). But we don't know the enemy's location yet. The enemy capital is Lisboa, far away. The enemy might have villages near us? We haven't seen any enemy armies. So we should expand quickly.

Let's compute combat effectiveness. Our troops: 5 spearman (attack 1, defense 2), 4 archer (attack 2, defense 2), 3 knight (attack 4, defense 2). When attacking, we use attack values. Enemy garrison: 
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
COMBATE [1] Santarem: atacante A Fatk=3 (ef 5) Fdef=2 (ef 3) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~1
COMBATE [2] Evora: atacante A Fatk=4 (ef 6) Fdef=2 (ef 3) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~1
placar: A 3 ald/tropas 13 | B 1 ald/tropas 12 | neutras 20 | transito 0 (A 0 | B 0)

########## TURNO 3 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 2644 | resposta 8645 | raciocinio 6903 | finish stop | ms 121723
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 0, \"toId\": 1, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 0, \"toId\": 2, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 2}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Reinforce Santarem and Evora with troops from Lisboa. Build 2 knights in Lisboa, 2 spearmen in Santarem, and 2 spearmen in Evora. Next turn, use the reinforced armies to capture Coimbra and Faro.\",\n  \"statement\": \"I am mobilizing my forces from the capital to the front lines. I have built knights in Lisboa and spearmen in Santarem and Evora to strengthen my army. I am sending my troops to reinforce Santarem and Evora, ready to strike the neutral villages next turn.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A in a strategy game.
Let's analyze the current state.
My goal is to hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.
I currently hold 3 of 24 villages.
The enemy capital is Barcelona [22], but taking it is NOT required to win.

Let's look at my villages:
[0] Lisboa - Capital. Wood 60, Iron 60. Troops at home: 9 (4 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight). Effective defense: 27.
[1] Santarem. Wood 30, Iron 20. Troops at home: 2 (2 spearman). Effective defense: 5.
[2] Evora. Wood 30, Iron 20. Troops at home: 2 (2 archer). Effective defense: 5.

Let's look at neutral villages I can see:
[3] Coimbra (neutral), garrison: 1 spearman. March from [1] Santarem: 1 turn.
[4] Badajoz (neutral), garrison: 2 knights. March from [1] Santarem: 1 turn.
[5] Faro (neutral), garrison: 2 knights. March from [2] Evora: 1 turn.

Let's look at the road network:
[0] Lisboa: [1], [2]
[1] Santarem: [0], [3], [4]
[2] Evora: [0], [5]
[3] Coimbra: [1], [6], [7]
[4] Badajoz: [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]
[5] Faro: [2], [4], [9]

Wait, I need to expand. I have 3 villages. I need to capture neutral villages to increase my population and resource income, and to eventually reach the enemy.
Let's see what I can build and send.
Resource production per village: 30 wood, 20 iron per turn.
Total resources:
Lisboa: wood 60, iron 60. Can build knights (30 wood, 30 iron) or archers (20 wood, 10 iron) or spearmen (15 wood, 0 iron).
Santarem: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearmen (30 wood, 0 iron).
Evora: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearmen (30 wood, 0 iron).

Let's check the combat rules:
When attacking, troops count their ATTACK; defender counts DEFENSE.
Counter triangle: spearman counters knight (1.5x), archer counters spearman (1.5x), knight counters archer (1.5x).
The most numerous type sets the counter matchup.
Defending in a village: defense counts x1.25.
Let's look at the effective defense of the neutral villages:
Coimbra: effective defense 3 (garrison 1 spearman). Since spearman has defense 2, in a village it would be 2 * 1.25 = 2.5, rounded to 3? Or maybe there are other factors, but the report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 3". So I should use 3 directly.
Badajoz: effective defense 5 (garrison 2 knights). Knights have defense 2. 2 knights defense is 4, maybe village bonus makes it 5.
Faro: effective defense 5 (garrison 2 knights).

Let's calculate the attack power of my available troops if I send them.
From Lisboa: 4 spearman (attack 1 each = 4), 2 archer (attack 2 each = 4), 3 knight (attack 4 each = 12). Total attack if all sent: 20.
Wait, if I send them, what is the most numerous type? 4 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. Spearman is most numerous (4).
If I attack Coimbra (garrison 1 spearman):
The defender has 1 spearman. The most numerous type in defender's army is spearman.
Wait, does the counter triangle apply to the attacker or defender, or both?
"The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
So for attacker, most numerous is spearman. For defender, most numerous is spearman.
Does spearman counter spearman? No, spearman counters knight, archer counters spearman, knight counters archer.
So no counter bonus for either.
Attacker's effective attack: spearman attack 1 * 4 = 4, archer attack 2 * 2 = 4, knight attack 4 * 3 = 12. Total attack = 20.
Defender's effective defense: 3 (already includes location bonus).
So attacker wins with 20 vs 3.
But wait! If I send all troops from Lisboa, I leave my capital undefended. Is that safe? The enemy is far away, but maybe I should build more troops first or send only some.
Actually, if I send troops from Santarem to Coimbra:
Santarem has 2 spearman. Attack = 2. Defender has 3 defense. 2 < 3, so I would lose.
If I send 2 spearman from Lisboa to Coimbra? But Lisboa is not directly connected to Coimbra. Santarem is.
Can I move troops from Lisboa to Santarem first, and then to Coimbra?
"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
But I can send them in successive turns.
Wait, if I send troops from Lisboa to Santarem, they arrive at Santarem. Then next turn I can send them from Santarem to Coimbra.
But Coimbra is 1 turn away from Santarem. If I send them from Lisboa to Santarem, they take some turns.
Let's check the march distance from Lisboa to Santarem:
[0] Lisboa to [1] Santarem: road connection exists. What is the distance?
The report says:
"march from [1] Santarem: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" (to Coimbra, Badajoz).
Let's assume Lisboa to Santarem is also 1 turn.
If I send troops from Lisboa to Santarem, they arrive next turn. Then from Santarem to Coimbra, they arrive the turn after.
Meanwhile, I can build troops in Lisboa, Santarem, Evora.
Let's look at the resources and build orders.
I want to build troops to capture Coimbra, Badajoz, Faro.
To capture Coimbra (defense 3):
I need at least 4 attack power if no counter, but since defender has 1 spearman, if I send only archers, I get counter bonus?
If I send archers: archer counters spearman. So attack is multiplied by 1.5.
If I send 2 archers (attack 4): 4 * 1.5 = 6. 6 > 3, so I win.
If I send 1 archer (attack 2): 2 * 1.5 = 3. 3 vs 3 is a tie, tie favors defender. So I need at least 2 archers, or 1 archer and some other troops where archer is the most numerous? No, if I send 1 archer and 1 spearman, spearman is not most numerous if there is 1 of each? "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight". So spearman would be the most numerous, no counter bonus.
So if I send only archers, 2 archers is enough (attack 4 * 1.5 = 6 > 3).
If I send spearman: 4 spearman (attack 4) vs 3 defense. 4 > 3, win.
If I send knights: 1 knight (attack 4) vs 3 defense. 4 > 3, win. But knights are expensive (30 wood, 30 iron).
Let's look at what I can build and send.
From Santarem: I have 2 spearman at home. I can send them to Coimbra. But 2 spearman attack = 2, which is less than 3 defense. I would lose.
But I can build more in Santarem!
Santarem has wood 30, iron 20.
I can build 2 spearmen (cost 15 wood each, total 30 wood, 0 iron). This takes 1 turn.
Then I would have 4 spearman in Santarem. I can send them to Coimbra next turn.
Wait, if I build 2 spearmen in Santarem, I use 30 wood. Santarem will have 0 wood, but it produces 30 wood next turn, so it will have 30 wood.
Let's check Evora: wood 30, iron 20. I have 2 archers at home.
I can build 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron). Then I have 3 archers.
Or I can build 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood).
Let's look at Faro: defense 5 (2 knights).
To attack Faro, I need to beat 5 defense.
If I send archers: archers vs knights? Knight counters archer! So if defender has knights, and I send archers, defender gets counter bonus? No, "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup". Defender has knights, so defender's most numerous is knight. Knight counters archer. So if I send archers, the defender's knights will counter my archers, multiplying defender's force by 1.5? Or does the counter bonus apply to the attacker's attack against the defender's defense?
"Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
So if I have the counter, my force is multiplied by 1.5. If the defender has the counter, their force is multiplied by 1.5.
So if I attack Faro (2 knights) with archers, the defender has knights, which counter archers. So defender's force is multiplied by 1.5.
Defender's defense is 5. With counter, it becomes 5 * 1.5 = 7.5.
If I attack with knights: knight vs knight, no counter.
If I attack with spearmen: spearman counters knight! So my force is multiplied by 1.5.
If I send spearmen: I need to beat 5 defense. With counter 1.5, my attack needs to be > 5 / 1.5 = 3.33. So 4 attack power.
4 spearman have attack 4. With counter, 4 * 1.5 = 6 > 5. So 4 spearman can beat Faro!
Wait, is spearman the most numerous? Yes, if I send only spearmen.
So 4 spearman can beat Faro (defense 5, knights).
What about Badajoz? Defense 5 (2 knights). Same as Faro, 4 spearman can beat it.
What about Coimbra? Defense 3 (1 spearman).
If I attack with archers: archer counters spearman. My attack * 1.5 > 3. So 2 archers (attack 4 * 1.5 = 6) or even 1 archer (attack 2 * 1.5 = 3, tie goes to defender, so 2 archers is safer).
If I attack with spearman: spearman vs spearman, no counter. 4 spearman (attack 4) > 3.

Let's plan the builds and movements for this turn.
I want to capture Coimbra, Badajoz, and Faro.
To capture Coimbra:
I can send troops from Santarem. Currently Santarem has 2 spearman. If I build 2 spearman in Santarem, I will have 4 spearman. But I can only send them next turn.
Can I send the 2 spearman now, and then next turn send the newly built ones? No, they would fight separately. "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
But if I send 2 spearman now, they arrive and fight the 1 spearman garrison. 2 attack vs 3 defense. I lose, and the 2 spearman are destroyed.
So I must wait until I have enough troops to defeat the garrison in one go, or send reinforcements from Lisboa to Santarem first.
Let's see if I can send troops from Lisboa to Santarem now.
Lisboa has 4 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight.
If I send 2 spearman and 1 archer from Lisboa to Santarem:
They will march to Santarem. Distance is 1 turn. They arrive next turn.
Meanwhile, Santarem builds 2 spearman. Next turn, Santarem will have 2 (original) + 2 (built) + 2 (from Lisboa) = 6 spearman, and 1 archer.
Then I can send them to Coimbra.
But wait, if I send troops from Lisboa, I weaken my capital. But the capital has 27 effective defense, which is very strong. The enemy is far away (Barcelona), so they probably won't reach me soon.
Let's look at the unexplored villages. The enemy might be near Barcelona, which is far.
Let's check the road network to see where the enemy could be.
Barcelona [22] is connected to [21] Tarragona and [23] Girona.
Tarragona [21] is connected to [17] Zaragoza and [18] Castellon.
Zaragoza [17] is connected to [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona.
Madrid [12] is connected to [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza.
Salamanca [7] is connected to [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto, [12] Madrid.
So the enemy could march from Barcelona to Zaragoza, then to Madrid, then to Salamanca, then to Coimbra or Badajoz.
That is a long way: Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> Madrid -> Salamanca -> Coimbra. That's 5 steps.
Or Barcelona -> Girona -> Huesca -> Zaragoza -> Madrid -> Salamanca -> Coimbra. Even longer.
So I have some time before the enemy can reach me.

Let's focus on capturing the neutral villages quickly to grow my economy and army.
I have 3 villages. I need 18 to win. That's 15 more villages.
There are 24 villages total. 3 are mine, 3 are neutral (Coimbra, Badajoz, Faro), and 18 are unexplored (which include enemy villages and other neutrals).
Wait, the prompt says "The enemy capital is the hardest single target on the map; taking it is NOT required to win."
And "hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village."
So I need to capture as many villages as possible.

Let's decide on the builds for this turn.
Lisboa: wood 60, iron 60.
I can build knights: 30 wood, 30 iron. I can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
Or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) and have 30 iron left.
Or 4 spearmen (60 wood, 0 iron) and have 60 iron left.
Let's build 2 knights in Lisboa. Knights are the strongest troops (attack 4, defense 2, speed fast). Fast speed is very important for movement.
Wait, if I build 2 knights, I use all wood and iron in Lisboa.
Santarem: wood 30, iron 20.
I can build 2 spearmen (30 wood, 0 iron).
Evora: wood 30, iron 20.
I can build 2 spearmen (30 wood, 0 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
Let's build 2 spearmen in Santarem and 2 spearmen in Evora.
Wait, Evora has 2 archers already. If I build 2 spearmen, I have 2 archers and 2 spearmen.
Let's check if I should send troops now.
Can I capture any village this turn?
Coimbra: defense 3. Nearest is Santarem (1 turn). Santarem has 2 spearman. 2 spearman attack = 2 < 3. I cannot capture it this turn.
Badajoz: defense 5. Santarem has 2 spearman. Cannot capture.
Faro: defense 5. Evora has 2 archers. 2 archers attack = 4. But defender has 2 knights. Knight counters archer. So defender gets 1.5x bonus. Defender effective defense is 5. With counter, 5 * 1.5 = 7.5. My attack is 4. 4 < 7.5. I lose.
So I cannot capture any village this turn if I only use the troops currently at home.
But wait! Can I send troops from Lisboa to Santarem or Evora to help?
If I send troops from Lisboa to Santarem, they take 1 turn to arrive. They will arrive next turn, so they cannot fight this turn.
"An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination."
If I send troops from Lisboa to Coimbra, they must go through Santarem. Since Santarem is mine, they don't stop there. They go to Coimbra.
Wait! "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination."
So if I send troops from Lisboa to Coimbra, they go Lisboa -> Santarem -> Coimbra.
Santarem is mine, so they don't stop. Coimbra is neutral, so they stop and fight there.
How many turns does it take?
Lisboa to Santarem is 1 turn. Santarem to Coimbra is 1 turn. Total 2 turns.
So they arrive in 2 turns.
But wait, if I send them now, they arrive in 2 turns. That doesn't help this turn.
Is there any village I can capture this turn?
No, because all my troops are either too weak or too far.
So this turn will be a build and preparation turn.

Let's plan the builds:
Lisboa: build 2 knights (cost 60 wood, 60 iron). This will give me 2 knights at home.
Santarem: build 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood, 0 iron). This will give me 4 spearmen at Santarem.
Evora: build 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood, 0 iron). This will give me 2 archers and 2 spearmen at Evora.
Wait, if I build 2 spearmen in Evora, I have 2 archers and 2 spearmen.
If I send them to Faro:
Faro has 2 knights (defense 5).
If I send 2 archers and 2 spearmen:
Most numerous type: tie between spearman and archer (2 each). "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight". So spearman is the most numerous type.
Spearman counters knight. So my force is multiplied by 1.5.
My attack: 2 spearman (attack 2) + 2 archers (attack 4) = 6.
With counter: 6 * 1.5 = 9.
Defender's defense is 5. 9 > 5, so I win!
But wait, if I send them from Evora to Faro, they take 1 turn to arrive. So they fight next turn.
This is good.

Let's check if I can send any troops to reinforce my villages or prepare for attacks.
Should I send some troops from Lisboa to Santarem or Evora?
Lisboa has 4 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight.
If I send 2 spearman and 1 archer to Santarem, they will arrive next turn.
Then Santarem will have 2 (original) + 2 (built) + 2 (from Lisboa) = 6 spearman, 1 archer.
Then next turn I can send them to Coimbra or Badajoz.
If I send 3 spearman and 1 archer to Evora, they will arrive next turn.
Then Evora will have 2 (original archers) + 2 (built spearmen) + 3 (from Lisboa spearman) + 1 (from Lisboa archer) = 3 archers, 5 spearmen.
Then next turn I can send them to Faro.
But wait, if I send troops from Lisboa, I leave Lisboa with fewer troops.
Lisboa will have 1 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight. That is still a decent defense (effective defense 27).
Actually, if I send troops, they march. During march, they are not at home, so they don't count towards defense until they arrive.
But the enemy is far, so Lisboa is safe for now.
Let's see if I should send troops to Coimbra directly from Lisboa?
Lisboa -> Santarem -> Coimbra. 2 turns.
If I send 4 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight from Lisboa to Coimbra:
They will arrive in 2 turns. By then, Coimbra might have been reinforced by neutrals? "Neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type."
It is turn 3. So in 2 turns (turn 5), Coimbra will gain +1 spearman. So it will have 2 spearmen, defense 4.
If I send all my troops from Lisboa, I will have a huge army.
But I need to capture multiple villages. If I send all troops from Lisboa, I leave Lisboa almost empty.
Maybe I should split my forces.
Let's look at the road network again.
From Lisboa, I can go to Santarem or Evora.
From Santarem, I can go to Coimbra or Badajoz.
From Evora, I can go to Faro.
If I want to capture Coimbra and Badajoz, I need troops in Santarem.
If I want to capture Faro, I need troops in Evora.
So I should send some troops from Lisboa to Santarem, and some to Evora.
Let's decide how many to send.
Lisboa has 4 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight.
I can send 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight to Santarem.
And 2 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight to Evora.
Wait, I only have 3 knights total. So I can send 1 to Santarem and 2 to Evora, or 2 to Santarem and 1 to Evora.
Let's send 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight to Santarem.
And 2 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight to Evora.
This leaves Lisboa with 0 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight? No, 4 - 2 - 2 = 0 spearman. 2 - 1 - 1 = 0 archer. 3 - 1 - 2 = 0 knight.
Leaving Lisboa completely empty is risky if the enemy attacks. But the enemy is very far.
Wait, I can build 2 knights in Lisboa this turn. So next turn, Lisboa will have 2 knights at home, plus the troops I didn't send (if any). But if I send all, Lisboa will have 2 knights built this turn, so it will have 2 knights next turn. That's a good defense.

Let's calculate the attack power of the armies I send.
To Santarem: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
Attack: 2*1 + 1*2 + 1*4 = 8.
Most numerous: spearman (2). Spearman counters knight. But there are no knights in the defender's army if I attack Coimbra (1 spearman). So no counter for defender. My spearman don't counter anything in Coimbra (spearman vs spearman).
Wait, if I attack Coimbra (1 spearman) with 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight:
My most numerous is spearman (2). Defender's most numerous is spearman (1). No counter.
My attack = 8. Defender defense = 3. 8 > 3, easy win.
To Evora: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight.
Attack: 2*1 + 1*2 + 2*4 = 12.
Most numerous: tie between spearman (2) and knight (2). Tie breaks in favor of spearman. Spearman counters knight. But defender in Faro has knights. So my spearmen will counter the defender's knights. My force is multiplied by 1.5.
My attack = 12 * 1.5 = 18.
Defender defense = 5. 18 > 5, easy win.

This seems like a solid plan.
Let's write down the exact orders.

Builds:
Lisboa: build 2 knights. (cost 30 wood, 30 iron each. Lisboa has 60 wood, 60 iron. Perfect).
Santarem: build 2 spearmen. (cost 15 wood each. Santarem has 30 wood, 20 iron. Perfect).
Evora: build 2 spearmen. (cost 15 wood each. Evora has 30 wood, 20 iron. Perfect).

Movements:
From Lisboa to Santarem: send 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
From Lisboa to Evora: send 2 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight.
Wait, do I have enough troops in Lisboa to send?
Lisboa has: 4 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight.
If I send 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight to Santarem, and 2 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight to Evora:
Total sent: 4 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight.
Yes, exactly what Lisboa has!
So Lisboa will send all its current troops.
But wait, if I send all troops, they are marching. They are not at home.
Is that allowed? Yes, "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 4 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight".
But if they are marching, they take time to arrive.
Lisboa to Santarem: 1 turn.
Lisboa to Evora: 1 turn.
So they arrive next turn.
Next turn, Santarem will have:
- 2 spearman (already there)
- 2 spearman (built this turn)
- 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight (arriving from Lisboa)
Total: 6 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
Evora will have:
- 2 archer (already there)
- 2 spearman (built this turn)
- 2 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight (arriving from Lisboa)
Total: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight.

Then next turn, I can attack Coimbra and Faro.
What about Badajoz? Badajoz is connected to Santarem and Evora (via Faro? No, Badajoz is [4], connected to [1] Santarem, [5] Faro, [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha).
So from Santarem I can attack Badajoz.
With 6 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight in Santarem, I can split them to attack Coimbra and Badajoz.
Coimbra: defense 3 (1 spearman). I can send 4 spearman. 4 > 3, win.
Badajoz: defense 5 (2 knights). I can send 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
Attack: 2*1 + 1*2 + 1*4 = 8.
Most numerous: spearman (2). Spearman counters knight. Defender has knights. So my force is multiplied by 1.5.
Attack = 8 * 1.5 = 12. Defender defense = 5. 12 > 5, win.
So I can capture both Coimbra and Badajoz in the following turns!

Let's double check the movement rules.
"An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination."
If I order troops from Lisboa to Santarem, they stop at Santarem because it is mine. They don't fight, they just join the garrison.
"You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements."
So sending from Lisboa to Santarem is perfectly fine.

Let's check the resources again.
Lisboa: wood 60, iron 60.
Build 2 knights: cost 60 wood, 60 iron.
Remaining: wood 0, iron 0.
Santarem: wood 30, iron 20.
Build 2 spearmen: cost 30 wood, 0 iron.
Remaining: wood 0, iron 20.
Evora: wood 30, iron 20.
Build 2 spearmen: cost 30 wood, 0 iron.
Remaining: wood 0, iron 20.

This is all affordable.

Let's write the plan and statement.
Plan: I am focusing on reinforcing my existing villages and building troops to capture the nearby neutral villages (Coimbra, Badajoz, Faro). I am sending all troops from the capital Lisboa to Santarem and Evora to prepare for attacks next turn. I must not forget to build troops in all villages.
Statement: I am mobilizing my forces from the capital to the front lines. I have built knights in Lisboa and spearmen in Santarem and Evora to strengthen my army. I am sending my troops to reinforce Santarem and Evora, ready to strike the neutral villages next turn.

Let's format the JSON.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 0, "toId": 1, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 1, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 0, "toId": 2, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 1, "knight": 2}}
  ],
  "plan": "Reinforce Santarem and Evora with troops from Lisboa. Build 2 knights in Lisboa, 2 spearmen in Santarem, and 2 spearmen in Evora. Next turn, use the reinforced armies to capture Coimbra and Faro.",
  "statement": "I am mobilizing my forces from the capital to the front lines. I have built knights in Lisboa and spearmen in Santarem and Evora to strengthen my army. I am sending my troops to reinforce Santarem and Evora, ready to strike the neutral villages next turn."
}

Wait, let me check if there are any other constraints.
"Each village you hold produces resources every turn, and resources are what build your army."
"Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."
Lisboa has 60 wood, 60 iron. 2 knights cost 60 wood, 60 iron. Yes, it can pay.
Santarem has 30 wood, 20 iron. 2 spearmen cost 30 wood, 0 iron. Yes, it can pay.
Evora has 30 wood, 20 iron. 2 spearmen cost 30 wood, 0 iron. Yes, it can pay.

Let's check the troop counts in Lisboa before sending:
"AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 4 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight"
I am sending:
To Santarem: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
To Evora: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight.
Total sent: 4 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight.
This matches exactly the available troops.

Let's check the movement distances.
Lisboa to Santarem: 1 turn.
Lisboa to Evora: 1 turn.
The report says:
"march from [1] Santarem: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" (to Coimbra, Badajoz).
"march from [2] Evora: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" (to Faro).
So Lisboa to Santarem and Evora should also be 1 turn.
The troops will arrive next turn.

Let's review the combat rules to ensure my calculations are correct.
"When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs."
"Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
"The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
"Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital). In the open field (on a road) there is no bonus."
"The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER."
"The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
"The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again."

Okay, the report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 3" for Coimbra.
So I don't need to apply the 1.25 bonus again. I just use 3.
For Coimbra: defense 3.
If I attack with 4 spearman (attack 4). No counter. 4 > 3. Win.
For Faro: defense 5.
If I attack with 2 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight.
Attack: 2*1 + 1*2 + 2*4 = 12.
Most numerous: tie between spearman (2) and knight (2). Tie breaks in favor of spearman.
Spearman counters knight. Defender has knights. So my spearmen counter the defender's knights.
My force is multiplied by 1.5.
Effective attack = 12 * 1.5 = 18.
Defender defense = 5.
18 > 5. Win.

What about Badajoz? Defense 5 (2 knights).
If I attack with 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
Attack: 2*1 + 1*2 + 1*4 = 8.
Most numerous: spearman (2). Spearman counters knight. Defender has knights.
My force is multiplied by 1.5.
Effective attack = 8 * 1.5 = 12.
Defender defense = 5.
12 > 5. Win.

Everything seems correct and well-calculated.

Let's write the final JSON.
I will make sure the JSON is valid and contains only the requested fields.
The fields are: build, movements, plan, statement.
The plan and statement should be in English, 2 to 4 lines.

Let's double check the plan text length: "Reinforce Santarem and Evora with troops from Lisboa. Build 2 knights in Lisboa, 2 spearmen in Santarem, and 2 spearmen in Evora. Next turn, use the reinforced armies to capture Coimbra and Faro." - This is well under 600 characters.
Statement: "I am mobilizing my forces from the capital to the front lines. I have built knights in Lisboa and spearmen in Santarem and Evora to strengthen my army. I am sending my troops to reinforce Santarem and Evora, ready to strike the neutral villages next turn." - Also well under 600 characters.

I am ready to output the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":0,"destinoId":1,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":0,"destinoId":2,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":2}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [0]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO envio [0]->[1]: 2S+1A+1K
ACEITO envio [0]->[2]: 2S+1A+2K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Reinforce Santarem and Evora with troops from Lisboa. Build 2 knights in Lisboa, 2 spearmen in Santarem, and 2 spearmen in Evora. Next turn, use the reinforced armies to capture Coimbra and Faro.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): I am mobilizing my forces from the capital to the front lines. I have built knights in Lisboa and spearmen in Santarem and Evora to strengthen my army. I am sending my troops to reinforce Santarem and Evora, ready to strike the neutral villages next turn.
########## TURNO 3 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 2414 | resposta 11080 | raciocinio 11080 | finish content_filter | ms 187534
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: We need to output JSON with build, movements, plan, statement.

We are King B, holding only Barcelona (22). We have 12 troops at home: 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight. Resources: wood 90, iron 60. Production per turn: 30 wood, 20 iron per village.

Goal: hold at least 18 of 24 villages for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. Currently 1/24.

We need to expand. We see two neutral villages: Tarragona (21) with 1 knight, defense 3; Girona (23) with 1 spearman, defense 3. Both are 1 turn away (any speed). We can attack one or both. But we only have 12 troops; we can send some.

But we also need to consider building more troops. We have 90 wood, 60 iron. We can build troops at Barcelona. Each village builds from its own stock. We can build spearman (15 wood, 0 iron), archer (20 wood, 10 iron), knight (30 wood, 30 iron). We can build multiple. The cap is 300 troops at home; currently 12.

We need to decide orders for this turn: build and movements.

Since we want to expand, we should probably attack one of the neutrals to gain a village. But we also might want to build more troops first. However, building takes 1 turn; if we build and send, they'd arrive next turn? Actually, builds are ready in 1 turn, meaning they are available next turn. Movements take time; if we send troops now, they'll arrive in 1 turn (if fast). But if we build this turn, they'll be available next turn, so we could send them next turn. But we could also send existing troops now.

We need to consider that the enemy is also doing orders simultaneously. We don't see any enemy armies on march, but they might be building or moving. The enemy capital is Lisboa (0), unknown garrison.

We should try to capture at least one neutral village to start growing. Let's consider attacking Tarragona (21) which has 1 knight. Our troops: if we send all, we have 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight. Attack power: spearman attack 1, archer 2, knight 4. Total attack = 5*1 + 4*2 + 3*4 = 5+8+12=25. Defense of Tarragona: effective defense 3 (location bonus included). But combat rules: when attacking, our troops count attack, defender counts defense. The most numerous type sets counter matchup. Our most numerous is spearman (5). Enemy garrison is 1 knight. So our most numerous: spearman; enemy most numerous: knight. Spearman counters knight? The rule: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. So spearman vs knight: spearman counters knight, so we get a 1.5x multiplier on our whole army's force. Our effective attack = 25 * 1.5 = 37.5. Defender's effective defense = 3 (already includes location bonus). We have higher force, so we win. Loser is destroyed entirely; winner loses troops worth half of loser's effective force. Loser effective force: defender's force is 3. Half is 1.5, spread over winner's troop types. So we'd lose some troops. But we'd capture the village.

If we attack Girona (23) with 1 spearman. Our most numerous: spearman (5). Enemy: spearman (1). Counter: archer counters spearman, but we don't have archer as most numerous? Actually, the rule: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So our most numerous is spearman, enemy most numerous is spearman. So same type, no counter? Or does the counter triangle apply only when they are different? It says "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5". So if both have same most numerous type, no one gets counter? Probably no multiplier. Then our attack 25 vs defense 3. We win, but lose troops.

But we might want to send only some troops to minimize losses. However, we need to consider that we can also send troops to reinforce or attack. Since we only have 12 troops, sending all might leave us with few. But we need to capture a village to get resources.

Alternatively, we could build more troops first, then attack next turn. But the enemy might do something. We need to act.

We also have the option to send troops to a neutral village to attack, but we can only attack one at a time? Actually, we can send multiple armies from different villages, but we only have one village. So we can send one army from Barcelona. We can split our troops? The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." But we only have one village, so we can only send one army. We can choose how many troops to send.

We could send a subset. For example, send only spearman to attack Tarragona? But if we send only spearman, our attack would be 5*1=5, with counter vs knight (spearman counters knight) so 5*1.5=7.5 vs defense 3. We'd win, but lose troops. But we'd preserve archers and knight for later. However, we'd lose some spearman. The loser's effective force is 3, half is 1.5, spread over winner's types. Since we only sent spearman, the loss would be in spearman? The rule: "The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself." It says spread over its troop types. So if we have multiple types, the loss is distributed. If we send only one type, it's all in that type.

We might want to send a mixed army to capture a village, but then we lose some troops. After capturing, we get a new village that produces resources and can build troops. So it's worth it.

But we also need to consider that the enemy might attack our capital? Not likely yet.

Let's think about the broader plan. We need 18 villages. We have 1, there are 24 total. The enemy has some villages, probably many. We need to expand quickly. We should attack neutral villages to gain territory. We have two neutrals adjacent: Tarragona and Girona. Both are 1 turn away. We can attack one this turn. Which one? Tarragona has a knight, Girona has a spearman. Both have defense 3. They are similar. But maybe we should attack the one that is closer to other villages to expand further. Looking at road network: Tarragona (21) connects to [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [22] Barcelona. Girona (23) connects to [20] Huesca, [22] Barcelona. So both lead to interior. Tarragona leads to Zaragoza and Castellon; Girona leads to Huesca. Which is better? Hard to say. Maybe we should attack both? But we can only send one army from one village. We could send an army to attack one, and next turn attack the other. Or we could build troops first.

But we have resources to build. Let's see what we can build. Wood 90, iron 60. We can build, say, 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron) - but we only have 60 iron, so max 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Or we can build archers: 20 wood, 10 iron each. We could build 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) leaving 10 wood, 20 iron. Or spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron, we could build 6 spearmen (90 wood). Or a mix.

We need to decide on a build order. Since we want to expand, we might want to build troops that are effective. But we also need to consider the counter triangle. Our current army has 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight. That's a mix. If we build more of one type, we might change the most numerous type, affecting counters.

Maybe we should focus on building archers because they are good against spearman, and we might encounter enemy spearman? But we don't know enemy composition.

Alternatively, we could just send our existing troops to attack a neutral, capture it, and then use that village to build more. That seems faster.

Let's consider the combat outcome if we send all 12 troops to attack Tarragona (1 knight, defense 3). Our attack: 5 spear (5), 4 arch (8), 3 knight (12) = 25. Counter: spearman vs knight -> 1.5x, so effective attack 37.5. Defender defense 3. We win. Loser effective force = 3. Half = 1.5. Winner loses troops worth 1.5, spread over types. How is it spread? Probably proportionally to their attack? Or equally? The rule says "spread over its troop types". It might mean that the loss is distributed among the troop types in the winning army, but how? It says "that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself." It implies the loss is a fixed number of "troop points" based on the loser's effective force, and then that loss is subtracted from the winner's army, distributed among the types. Probably the loss is taken from each type in proportion to their presence? Or maybe the player can choose? The rules don't specify exactly. In many such games, the loss is distributed evenly or randomly. But we can assume it's proportional to the number of troops of each type? Or maybe it's a total "force" loss that is subtracted from the winner's total force, and then troops are removed accordingly. Since we don't have details, we can just assume we'll lose some troops. In this case, we'd lose about 1.5 "force" worth. Each spearman has force? Attack 1, defense 2? But effective force in combat is attack for attacker, defense for defender. For winner, they lose troops worth half of loser's effective force. The loser's effective force is 3 (defense). So winner loses 1.5 "points" of troops. What is a point? It might be based on the troop's own attack or defense? Not clear. Probably it's a abstract unit. In any case, we'll lose a few troops. With 12 troops, losing 1.5 might mean we lose 1 or 2 troops. That's acceptable.

If we send all, we capture Tarragona, and our surviving troops become the garrison. Then next turn we have two villages producing resources.

But we could also send a smaller force to preserve more troops. For instance, send only 5 spearman and 1 archer? But we need enough attack to overcome defense. With counter, even a small force might win. Let's calculate minimum needed. We need effective attack > 3. With counter, if we send only spearman, attack = number *1.5. To get >3, we need at least 3 spearman (3*1.5=4.5). So we could send 3 spearman. They'd win, lose some. But then we'd have remaining troops at home. However, if we send only 3 spearman, they'd all be lost? The loss is half of loser's effective force (1.5) spread over winner's types. If winner has only spearman, then all loss is in spearman. So we'd lose about 1.5 spearman, meaning maybe 1 or 2. So we might end up with 1 or 2 spearman left. That's not great because we'd have a weak garrison. But we could then send more later.

But we also need to consider that the neutral village will harden over time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop. Currently it's turn 3, so it hasn't hardened yet? It says "Neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type." So at turn 5, they'll gain. We are at turn 3, so they are stable for 2 turns (as noted). So we can attack now without extra troops.

Maybe we should attack both? We can't send two armies from same village? Actually, we can send multiple armies from the same village? The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up..." It implies we can send multiple armies from the same village? But typically a village can send one army per turn? The rules don't explicitly limit, but "orders are simultaneous" and we can list multiple movements. However, if we send two armies from the same village to different targets, they would be separate. But can a single village send two armies in one turn? The rules don't say it can't. But in many such games, a village can only send one army per turn. However, the JSON allows multiple movements with fromId. We could potentially send from same village multiple times? The example doesn't forbid. But we need to consider that the troops are at home; if we send some to one target and some to another, they'd be separate armies. That might be allowed. But we need to check if there's any rule against it. The rules say: "Each village you hold produces resources every turn... Cap per village: when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building... You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." It doesn't say you can only send one army. However, logically, a village can send multiple groups. But they would all depart at the same time? The movement rules: "Armies march along the ROAD NETWORK... Travel time is measured along the roads". If we send two armies from the same village, they'd both travel. There's no rule against it. But we need to be careful: if we send all troops to one target, we can't also send to another. We could split.

But we only have 12 troops. Splitting might weaken both attacks. Better to focus on one.

Which one? Let's look at the road network. Tarragona (21) connects to Zaragoza (17) and Castellon (18). Girona (23) connects to Huesca (20). From Zaragoza, we can reach many: Madrid, Teruel, etc. From Huesca, we can reach Pamplona, Zaragoza. Both are useful. But Tarragona is more central? Actually, looking at the map, the enemy capital is Lisboa (0) in the southwest. Our capital Barcelona is in the northeast. We need to expand westward. Tarragona leads to Zaragoza, which leads to Madrid, etc. Girona leads to Huesca, which leads to Pamplona, Zaragoza. So both are stepping stones. Maybe we should take Tarragona first because it's closer to the interior? Actually, both are equally close.

But note: Tarragona has a knight, Girona has a spearman. If we attack Tarragona, our spearman counter knight gives bonus. If we attack Girona, our spearman vs spearman no bonus. So attacking Tarragona is easier because of the counter bonus. So I'll attack Tarragona.

What about building? We could build some troops to reinforce after capture. But building takes a turn, and they'd be available next turn. If we attack this turn, we capture next turn. Then we can build at both villages next turn. So maybe we should just send existing troops and not build this turn? But we have resources; we could build at Barcelona this turn, and they'll be ready next turn. That way, after capturing Tarragona, we have more troops to defend or move. We can build whatever we can afford.

Let's decide on builds. We have 90 wood, 60 iron. We can build:
- Spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron. Max 6 (90 wood).
- Archer: 20 wood, 10 iron. Max 4 (80 wood, 40 iron) or 3 (60 wood, 30 iron) etc.
- Knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. Max 2 (60 wood, 60 iron).

We want to build a balanced army? Or focus on one type. Since we have a mix, maybe we want to build more archers because they are good against spearman, and we might encounter enemy spearman. But we don't know. Alternatively, we could build knights for speed and attack. But knights are expensive.

We also need to consider the cap: 300 per village, so no issue.

Maybe we should build 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood) but that uses 95 wood, we have 90, so can't. We could build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) and 2 spearman (30 wood) = 90 wood, 30 iron. That leaves 30 iron. Or we could build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood) = 75 wood, 60 iron, leaving 15 wood. Or we could build 6 spearman (90 wood) and 0 iron, leaving 60 iron. That gives more troops.

Since we need to expand quickly, having more troops is good. But spearman are cheap and we already have 5. Building more spearman would make spearman the most numerous, which is good against knights (if enemy has knights). But we don't know enemy composition. The enemy capital is Lisboa, but we don't know what's around.

Maybe we should build a mix to keep flexibility. Let's build 2 archers and 4 spearman? That's 2*20+4*15=40+60=100 wood, too much. 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 4 spearman (60 wood) = 80 wood, 10 iron, leaving 10 wood, 50 iron. Not great.

We could just build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) and 2 spearman (30 wood) = 90 wood, 30 iron. That uses all wood, leaves 30 iron. That gives 5 new troops. Our current troops: 5 spear, 4 arch, 3 knight. After building, we'd have 7 spear, 6 arch, 3 knight (if we build 2 spear, 3 arch). Most numerous still spearman (7). That's fine.

Alternatively, we could build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and 2 spearman (30 wood) = 90 wood, 60 iron. That uses all resources. Then we'd have 7 spear, 4 arch, 5 knight. Most numerous still spearman (7). But knights are expensive and we might want them for later.

I think building more spearman is good because they are cheap and counter knights. But we also need to consider that neutral villages have small garrisons; even a few troops can take them.

Maybe we should just send our existing troops without building, to capture a village immediately, and then use that village's resources to build next turn. That might be faster because we get the new village's production next turn. If we build this turn, we spend resources that could be used to build at the new village next turn? Actually, resources are per village. Barcelona's resources are used for builds at Barcelona. If we don't build this turn, we keep the resources for future builds. But we can always build later. There's no penalty for holding resources. However, if we capture a new village, it will have its own resources (starting at 0? The report doesn't say what resources a captured village has. Probably it has some initial resources? In many games, captured villages have 0 resources. But they produce from next turn. So we might want to build at Barcelona now because we have resources, and next turn we can build at the new village with its production.

So building now is good.

Let's decide: we'll build 3 archers and 2 spearman at Barcelona. That costs 3*20 + 2*15 = 60+30=90 wood, and 3*10 + 0 = 30 iron. We have 90 wood, 60 iron, so we can afford it. After building, Barcelona will have 5+2=7 spearman, 4+3=7 archer, 3 knight = 17 troops at home. Then we can send some to attack.

But if we build, the new troops are ready in 1 turn, meaning they'll be available next turn. So if we send troops this turn, we can only send the current 12. The new troops will be at home next turn. So we could send some now, and next turn send more.

Maybe we should send a small force now to capture the village, and keep the rest at home to defend? But if we send too few, we might not capture, or capture with heavy losses. Let's simulate sending only 5 spearman to Tarragona. Attack: 5 spearman, attack 5, counter vs knight gives 7.5 effective attack. Defense 3. We win. Loser effective force 3, half 1.5. Winner loses 1.5 spread over spearman. So we'd lose about 1 or 2 spearman. We'd have 3 or 4 left. They become garrison. That's a weak garrison, but we can reinforce next turn. And we still have 4 archer, 3 knight at home. That seems okay.

But we could also send a mixed group to have a stronger garrison. If we send, say, 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. Attack: 3*1 + 2*2 + 1*4 = 3+4+4=11. Counter: most numerous is spearman (3) vs knight (1) -> counter bonus 1.5x -> 16.5 effective attack. Defense 3. Win. Loss: half of 3 = 1.5, spread over types. We'd lose some troops. The garrison would be the survivors.

We need to decide how many to send. Since we want to expand quickly, we might want to send a decent force to secure the village and have a good base. But we also need to keep some troops to defend Barcelona in case enemy attacks. However, we don't see any enemy armies on march. The enemy might not be near yet. So we can safely send most of our troops.

I'll send all current troops except maybe a few archers? But let's think: if we send all 12, we capture Tarragona, and our surviving troops become the garrison. We'll have about 10-11 troops there. Then Barcelona will have 0 troops, but we can build new ones next turn. However, if the enemy attacks Barcelona, we have no defense. But the enemy would have to march from their territory, which is far. It's turn 3, they probably haven't reached us. So it might be safe.

But we also have the option to send only some, leaving a defense. Since we don't see enemy, we can leave a small defense: maybe 1 knight or something. But knights are fast and valuable. I'll leave 1 knight at home for now, and send the rest. Or leave 2 archers.

Let's decide: we'll send 5 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight to attack Tarragona. That's 10 troops. Keep 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight at home? Actually we have 5 spear, 4 arch, 3 knight. If we send 5 spear, 3 arch, 2 knight, we keep 0 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight. That's 2 troops left. That's a very small defense. Maybe we should keep at least 2 archers.

Alternatively, send 4 spear, 3 arch, 2 knight = 9 troops, keep 1 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight = 3 troops. That's better.

But we need to ensure the attack succeeds. With 4 spear, 3 arch, 2 knight: attack = 4*1 + 3*2 + 2*4 = 4+6+8=18. Counter: most numerous spearman (4) vs knight (1) -> 1.5x -> 27 effective attack. Defense 3. Win easily. Loss: half of 3 = 1.5. We'll lose a bit.

I think it's fine.

We also need to consider that we might want to attack Girona as well. But we can only send one army from Barcelona this turn. We could send a second army? The rules don't forbid sending multiple armies from the same village. Let's check the movement rules: "Armies march along the ROAD NETWORK... An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there... Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." It doesn't say you can't send multiple from the same village. In fact, you can send reinforcements to your own village. So we could potentially send one army to Tarragona and another to Girona? But we only have 12 troops total. If we split them, both armies might be too weak. Tarragona has 1 knight, defense 3; Girona has 1 spearman, defense 3. If we send, say, 3 spearman to Girona: attack 3, no counter (spear vs spear), effective attack 3 vs defense 3 -> tie? Tie favors defender. So we'd lose. With counter? If we send spearman vs spearman, no counter. So we need at least 4 spearman to have attack 4 > 3. But then we'd win, but lose troops. If we send a mix, we might get counter if our most numerous is something that counters theirs. Girona has spearman, so knight counters spearman? Actually, knight counters archer, archer counters spearman, spearman counters knight. So to counter spearman, we need archer as most numerous. If we send archers, we get 1.5x. So we could send, say, 3 archers (attack 6, with counter 9) vs defense 3, win. But we only have 4 archers total. If we send 3 archers to Girona, we'd have 1 archer left. And we could send the rest to Tarragona.

But is it wise to attack both simultaneously? If we capture both, we'd have 3 villages total. But our troops would be split and possibly weakened. However, capturing both would give us a strong start. Let's see if we can do it with our current troops.

We have 5 spear, 4 arch, 3 knight.
We need to assign troops to two armies. They will travel and arrive at the same time? They are simultaneous. They will fight separately.

Army 1 to Tarragona (1 knight, def 3). To counter knight, we want spearman as most numerous. So we should send mostly spearman. Let's send 4 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight? That's 6 troops. Attack: 4+2+4=10, counter 1.5 -> 15. Win.
Army 2 to Girona (1 spear, def 3). To counter spearman, we want archer as most numerous. So send 3 archer, 1 knight? That's 4 troops. Attack: 3*2 + 4 = 10, counter? Most numerous is archer (3) vs spearman (1) -> archer counters spearman -> 1.5x -> 15. Win.
Total troops used: 4+1+1=6 for Tarragona, 3+1=4 for Girona = 10 troops. We have 12, so we keep 2 at home (say 1 spear, 1 knight? Actually we used 4 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight for Tarr; 3 arch, 1 knight for Gir. That's 4 spear, 4 arch, 2 knight total. We have 5 spear, 4 arch, 3 knight. So we have 1 spear, 0 arch, 1 knight left. We can leave them at home.

But wait, we need to consider travel time. Both are 1 turn away for any speed. So they'd arrive next turn. But if we send both, they'd both travel and arrive next turn. That's fine.

However, we need to check if we have enough troops to win both battles without excessive losses. Let's calculate losses.

For Tarragona: our effective attack 15, defense 3. Loser effective force = 3. Half = 1.5. Winner loses troops worth 1.5, spread over its types. Our army has 4 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight. The loss 1.5 will be distributed. Probably it removes some troops. We might lose, say, 1 spearman and maybe a fraction? But since troops are integer, we might lose 1 or 2 troops. Let's assume we lose 1 spearman (since it's the most numerous, maybe the loss is taken from the most numerous type? The rule says "spread over its troop types", so it might be proportional to their attack? Not sure. We can approximate that we lose a small number.

For Girona: our effective attack 15, defense 3. Loser effective force 3, half 1.5. Our army: 3 arch, 1 knight. We'd lose some.

After both battles, we'd have captured both villages. Our surviving troops would be the garrisons. Then we'd have 3 villages. That would be a great start.

But is it allowed to send two armies from the same village in one turn? The rules don't explicitly forbid it. In many strategy games, a city can only send one army per turn. But here, the orders are simultaneous and we can list multiple movements. The fromId can be the same. I think it's allowed. However, we need to consider that the troops are at home; if we send some to one target and some to another, they are separate. There's no rule saying a village can only produce one army per turn. The build cap is 300, but sending is not limited.

But there might be a hidden rule: "Each village you hold produces resources every turn... Cap per village: when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building" - that's about building, not sending. So sending multiple armies should be fine.

However, we need to be cautious: if we send two armies, they both depart from Barcelona at the same time. They would travel along the roads. Barcelona connects to Tarragona and Girona directly. So they would take the respective roads. They wouldn't interfere.

So I'm leaning towards attacking both neutrals this turn with our current troops, leaving a small defense.

But we also need to consider building. If we use all our resources to build, we could have more troops next turn. But if we send our current troops, we won't have them at home next turn. But we'll have new villages with their own production. Building this turn at Barcelona would give us new troops next turn, which could reinforce the new villages or defend Barcelona. So we should still build.

Let's decide on builds. We have 90 wood, 60 iron. We can build troops that we can send next turn. But we need to decide what to build. Since we are sending our current troops to attack, we might want to build a defense garrison at Barcelona. Or we might want to build troops to send to the new villages to strengthen them.

If we capture both Tarragona and Girona, they will have some surviving troops as garrison. But they might be weak. Next turn, we can send reinforcements from Barcelona, or build at those villages. But those villages will start with 0 resources? They produce 30 wood, 20 iron per turn, but they need initial resources to build. The report doesn't say what resources a captured village has. Probably it has 0. So we can't build there immediately unless we send resources? Resources are per village, no sharing. So we'd need to send troops from Barcelona to reinforce them.

So building at Barcelona this turn is good because we can send those new troops next turn to reinforce our new villages.

What to build? We need to consider what we might need. We have 5 spear, 4 arch, 3 knight currently. After sending armies, we'll have 1 spear, 0 arch, 1 knight left at home (if we send the split I described). Then we build new troops. We could build more spearman and archers to replace losses and grow.

Let's finalize the army split. We want to win both battles with minimal losses. Let's optimize the composition for each attack.

For Tarragona (1 knight, def 3): To get counter bonus, we need spearman as most numerous. We can send a small number. Minimum to win: with counter, effective attack must be >3. If we send only spearman, attack = N*1.5. Need N*1.5 > 3 => N > 2, so N=3 gives 4.5. So 3 spearman is enough. But we might want to include some other troops to have a larger garrison. But if we include other types, they might dilute the spearman count and change the most numerous? As long as spearman remains the most numerous, we keep the bonus. So we can send, say, 3 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. That's 5 troops. Most numerous is spearman (3). Attack: 3+2+4=9, with counter 13.5. That's plenty. Loss: half of 3 = 1.5. We'll lose some.

For Girona (1 spear, def 3): To counter spearman, we need archer as most numerous. Minimum: N archers, attack N*2*1.5 = 3N. Need 3N > 3 => N > 1, so N=2 gives 6. So 2 archers is enough. We could send 2 archers, 1 knight? That's 3 troops. Most numerous archer (2) vs spearman (1) -> counter. Attack: 2*2 + 4 = 8, with counter 12. Win.

So we could send:
To Tarragona: 3 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight (5 troops)
To Girona: 2 arch, 1 knight (3 troops)
Total used: 3 spear, 3 arch, 2 knight = 8 troops.
We have 5 spear, 4 arch, 3 knight. So we keep 2 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight at home (4 troops). That's a decent defense.

Let's check if the armies are valid: we need to specify exactly which troops. We'll send from Barcelona.

But wait: we need to consider that the troops we send might be destroyed. If we lose some, the garrisons will be smaller. But we'll still capture the villages.

Now, about building: we have 90 wood, 60 iron. We can build more troops to reinforce next turn. What should we build? We have 2 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight at home after sending. We could build more spearman and archers. Let's build 4 spearman (60 wood) and 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) = 100 wood, too much. We have 90 wood. So maybe 3 spearman (45 wood) and 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) = 85 wood, 20 iron. Leaves 5 wood, 40 iron. Or we could build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and some others. Since we have iron, we could build knights. But knights are slow? Actually knights are fast, but they cost a lot. We might want to build a balanced army.

Let's think about the next turns. After capturing both neutrals, we'll have 3 villages. We need to expand further. The next targets could be Zaragoza (17) from Tarragona, or Huesca (20) from Girona. Zaragoza is unexplored, probably neutral or enemy. Huesca is unexplored. We need to scout. But we don't see them yet.

We should also consider that the enemy might be moving. We don't see any enemy armies on march. So maybe they are far.

I'll proceed with the plan to attack both neutrals.

Now, we need to write the JSON. The build list: we need to specify which village to build at. Only Barcelona (22) is ours. So build at 22.

Movements: we need to specify fromId 22 to 21 (Tarragona) and fromId 22 to 23 (Girona). Each with troop counts.

But we need to be careful: the troops we send must not exceed what we have at home. Our current home troops: 5 spear, 4 arch, 3 knight. We'll send:
- To 21: spearman: 3, archer: 1, knight: 1
- To 23: spearman: 0, archer: 2, knight: 1
Total sent: spearman 3, archer 3, knight 2. We have 5,4,3 so we keep 2 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight. That's valid.

But wait, we also have the option to send more to one and less to the other. I think this is fine.

Now, what about building? We should build something. Let's build at Barcelona: we can build, say, 2 spearman, 2 archers, 1 knight? But we need to check resources. Let's calculate:
2 spear: 30 wood, 0 iron
2 arch: 40 wood, 20 iron
1 knight: 30 wood, 30 iron
Total: 100 wood, 50 iron. We only have 90 wood, so can't.
We can do 3 spear (45 wood), 2 arch (40 wood, 20 iron) = 85 wood, 20 iron. Leaves 5 wood, 40 iron. That's okay. Or we could do 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 4 spear (60 wood) = 90 wood, 30 iron. Leaves 30 iron. Or 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron) and 2 spear (30 wood) = 90 wood, 60 iron. That uses all resources. Which is better?

We need to think about what we need next. After capturing both, we'll have 3 villages. We'll need to project power further. Knights are fast and have high attack, but they are expensive. Archers are good against spearman. Spearman are cheap and counter knights. Since we don't know the enemy, a mix is good.

Maybe we should build more archers because they are versatile? Actually, archers counter spearman, which might be common. But knights counter archers. It's a rock-paper-scissors. We need to see what the enemy has. Since we don't know, we might build a bit of everything.

I'll go with building 2 knights and 2 spearman. That uses 60+30=90 wood, 60+0=60 iron. Perfect. Then our home troops become: existing 2 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight + built 2 spear, 2 knight = 4 spear, 1 arch, 3 knight? Wait, we built 2 knights and 2 spearman. So we add 2 spear, 0 arch, 2 knight. So total at home after building: 2+2=4 spear, 1 arch, 1+2=3 knight. That's 8 troops. But the build happens this turn, so they'll be available next turn. So next turn we'll have those troops at Barcelona.

But we also need to consider that after we send armies, our current troops are away. So at the end of this turn, Barcelona will have only the troops we kept (2 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight) plus the newly built ones (which arrive next turn). Actually, the build order is for this turn; they will be ready next turn. So next turn, Barcelona will have the kept troops (which didn't leave) plus the new builds. The sent troops are on march and will arrive at targets next turn, where they'll fight and then become garrison.

So next turn, Barcelona will have 2 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight (kept) + 2 spear, 2 knight (new) = 4 spear, 1 arch, 3 knight. That's 8 troops. Meanwhile, Tarragona will have the survivors of the 5 troops we sent, and Girona will have survivors of the 3 troops. So we'll have a decent force spread out.

Now, we need to write the plan and statement.

Plan: We need a campaign over the next several turns. We should describe our strategy: capture the neutral villages to expand, then move into enemy territory, etc.

Statement: What we did this turn: we are attacking Tarragona and Girona to expand our territory, and building troops to reinforce.

Let's write the JSON.

First, build: we need to specify villageId 22, type, quantity. We'll build 2 knights and 2 spearman? But we need to list them separately? The build field is an array of objects, each with villageId, type, quantity. We can have multiple objects for the same village. So we can do:
{"villageId": 22, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
{"villageId": 22, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}

But wait, we need to ensure we have enough resources. 2 knights cost 60 wood, 60 iron. 2 spearman cost 30 wood, 0 iron. Total 90 wood, 60 iron. We have exactly 90 wood, 60 iron. So we can afford it.

But we also need to consider that the village produces resources this turn? The order of events: usually, production happens, then we can build. The report says "Each village you hold produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn." It doesn't specify when. Typically, at the start of the turn, we have the resources from previous turn, and we can spend them. The numbers given are from TURN 3, so we have wood 90, iron 60. That's our current stock. We can spend it. After building, our stock will decrease. Next turn, we'll get +30 wood, +20 iron from Barcelona, and also from any new villages if we capture them.

So building is fine.

Now movements: we need to send troops from 22 to 21 and 22 to 23.

For 21: {"fromId": 22, "toId": 21, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 1, "knight": 1}}
For 23: {"fromId": 22, "toId": 23, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 1}}

But we can omit zero counts. The JSON should only include types we send.

Now, plan: a short text describing our campaign.

Statement: a short text for the audience.

Let's draft.

Plan: "We will capture the neutral villages Tarragona and Girona this turn to expand our territory. Next turn, we will reinforce them and send troops to explore the road network, aiming to find and conquer enemy villages. We will focus on building a balanced army to counter the enemy. Our ultimate goal is to hold 18 villages or eliminate the enemy capital."

But we need to keep it 2-6 lines, under 600 characters.

Statement: "I have ordered attacks on Tarragona and Girona to secure our borders. My troops march now, and I have also begun training knights and spearmen at Barcelona to reinforce my armies."

Now, we need to output only the JSON.

Let's double-check the rules: "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." So we don't know what the enemy is doing. They might be moving too. But we don't see any enemy armies on march, so they might not be moving towards us.

Also, "The enemy capital is the hardest single target on the map; taking it is NOT required to win." So we don't need to take Lisboa.

We currently hold 1 of 24. We need 18 for 2 turns. That's a lot. We need to conquer 17 more. There are 21 unexplored villages, some neutral, some enemy. We need to find and conquer them.

Our plan should be to expand aggressively.

One more thing: the neutral villages harden every 5 turns. We are at turn 3, so they are stable for 2 turns. So we can attack them now without extra troops. If we wait, they'll get stronger.

So attacking now is good.

Now, let's consider if we should send all troops to one village and then next turn send to the other? But we can do both this turn. I think it's allowed.

But we need to be careful: the movement rule says "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." Since we are attacking directly adjacent villages, there's no intermediate village. So they'll go directly.

Also, "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." Since we are sending from the same village to different targets, that's fine.

Now, let's verify the travel time: "march from [22] Barcelona: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for both. So they'll arrive next turn.

Now, what about the build? We are building 2 knights and 2 spearman. But knights cost 30 wood, 30 iron; we have 60 iron, so 2 knights use 60 iron, leaving 0 iron. Spearman use 30 wood, leaving 60 wood? Wait, we have 90 wood. 2 knights cost 60 wood, 2 spear cost 30 wood = 90 wood. So wood becomes 0, iron becomes 0. That's okay.

But we also need to consider that the troops we send might cost resources? No, sending doesn't cost resources.

Now, after this turn, our resources will be 0. Next turn, Barcelona will produce 30 wood, 20 iron. So we'll have some.

Now, let's write the JSON.

We need to ensure the JSON is valid. Use double quotes.

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 22, "toId": 21, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 1, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 22, "toId": 23, "troops": {"archer": 2, "knight": 1}}
  ],
  "plan": "Capture Tarragona and Girona to expand. Next turn, send reinforcements to hold them and explore westward. Build a balanced army to counter enemies. Aim to conquer 18 villages.",
  "statement": "I have ordered my armies to attack the neutral villages of Tarragona and Girona. I am also training knights and spearmen at Barcelona to strengthen my forces for the battles ahead."
}

But we need to check the plan length: "Capture Tarragona and Girona to expand. Next turn, send reinforcements to hold them and explore westward. Build a balanced army to counter enemies. Aim to conquer 18 villages." That's about 150 characters, fine.

Statement: 2-4 lines. Our statement is 2 sentences, can be considered 2 lines.

Now, we need to make sure we don't send troops we don't have. We have 5 spear, 4 arch, 3 knight. We send 3 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight to 21; and 2 arch, 1 knight to 23. Total spear: 3, arch: 3, knight: 2. We have 5 spear, so we keep 2; 4 arch, keep 1; 3 knight, keep 1. That's valid.

But wait: we also have the build of 2 spearman and 2 knights. That uses resources, but those troops are not available this turn. They are being built. So our current troops at home are only the 12. The build doesn't affect this turn's sending.

Now, one potential issue: the build order might be interpreted as "build these troops, and they will be available next turn." But do we need to specify that we are building at Barcelona? Yes, villageId 22.

Now, is there any rule that says we can only build one type per turn? No, we can build multiple types.

Now, let's think about the enemy. They might be doing something. But we can't see. Our plan should be adaptable.

I think this is a good first move.

But let's double-check the counter triangle for the battles.

For Tarragona: garrison 1 knight. Our army: 3 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight. Most numerous: spearman (3). Enemy most numerous: knight (1). Spearman counters knight -> our whole army gets 1.5x multiplier. Effective attack = (3*1 + 1*2 + 1*4) * 1.5 = (3+2+4)*1.5 = 9*1.5 = 13.5. Defender defense = 3 (effective, includes location bonus). We win. Loser effective force = 3. Half = 1.5. Winner loses troops worth 1.5. Since our army has 5 troops, we might lose 1 or 2. The rule says "spread over its troop types". It might mean we lose a number of troops equal to half the loser's effective force, but distributed among our types based on their proportion? Or maybe it's a total "force" loss. In any case, we'll lose something. But we should still capture.

For Girona: garrison 1 spearman. Our army: 2 arch, 1 knight. Most numerous: archer (2). Enemy: spearman (1). Archer counters spearman -> 1.5x. Effective attack = (2*2 + 1*4) * 1.5 = (4+4)*1.5 = 8*1.5 = 12. Defense 3. Win. Loser force 3, half 1.5. We lose some.

So both battles are won.

Now, what about the troops that survive? They become the garrison of the captured village. So Tarragona will have the survivors of the 5 troops we sent. Girona will have survivors of the 3 troops. That's good.

Now, we need to consider that after capturing, the villages are ours, and we can use their production next turn. They start with 0 resources? The report doesn't say, but typically captured villages have 0. So we can't build there immediately. But we can send reinforcements from Barcelona next turn.

Now, let's think about the next turn. We'll have Barcelona with 2 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight (kept) plus 2 spear, 2 knight (new) = 4 spear, 1 arch, 3 knight. We can send some of these to reinforce Tarragona and Girona, or to explore further.

We also need to consider that the enemy might attack Barcelona. But with our defense, we have some troops. The effective defense of Barcelona is 36 (location bonus included). That's quite high. So we can probably hold.

Now, let's write the final JSON.

I'll make sure the plan and statement are within limits.

Plan: "Capture Tarragona and Girona to expand. Next turn, send reinforcements to hold them and explore westward. Build a balanced army to counter enemies. Aim to conquer 18 villages." That's fine.

Statement: "I have ordered my armies to attack the neutral villages of Tarragona and Girona. I am also training knights and spearmen at Barcelona to strengthen my forces for the battles ahead."

Now, output the JSON.

But wait: the instructions say "Reply with ONE valid JSON object and
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
placar: A 3 ald/tropas 4 | B 1 ald/tropas 12 | neutras 20 | transito 2 (A 2 | B 0)

########## TURNO 4 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 2789 | resposta 4033 | raciocinio 2952 | finish stop | ms 56545
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 1, \"toId\": 3, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 2, \"toId\": 5, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 3, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 1}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Capture Coimbra from Santarem and Faro from Evora. Build 2 spearmen in each of my three villages to reinforce them. Next turn, assess the newly discovered villages and continue expanding towards the enemy capital.\",\n  \"statement\": \"I ordered the assault on the neutral villages of Coimbra and Faro, sending seasoned troops from Santarem and Evora. At home, I ordered the construction of more spearman to bolster our growing army. The king's expansion begins now!\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A in a strategy game.
Let's analyze the current state (Turn 4):
My villages:
- Lisboa (Capital): 2 knights, 0 spearman, 0 archer. (Total 2 troops). Wood 30, Iron 20.
- Santarem: 6 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. (Total 8 troops). Wood 30, Iron 40.
- Evora: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knights. (Total 9 troops). Wood 30, Iron 40.
Total troops at home: 19 (10 spearman, 4 archer, 5 knight).
Wait, the prompt says "TOTAL: 19 soldiers at home (10 spearman, 4 archer, 5 knight) + 0 marching".
Let's look at available to send now:
- Lisboa: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight.
- Santarem: 6 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
- Evora: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight.

Neutral villages:
- Coimbra (neutral): 1 spearman, defense 3. March from Santarem: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- Badajoz (neutral): 2 knights, defense 5. March from Santarem: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- Faro (neutral): 2 knights, defense 5. March from Evora: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

We need to hold 18 of 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.
Currently we hold 3 of 24.
We need to expand.
Let's look at the build options:
Each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn.
Costs:
- spearman: 15 wood + 0 iron.
- archer: 20 wood + 10 iron.
- knight: 30 wood + 30 iron.

Let's calculate resources for each village:
- Lisboa: wood 30, iron 20. Can build:
  - 2 knights (costs 60 wood, 60 iron - wait, Lisboa only has 30 wood and 20 iron! So it cannot build a knight right now unless it has more resources. Ah, "Each village you hold produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn. Resources belong to EACH village... a village pays for its own builds from its own stock."
  Wait, Lisboa has wood 30, iron 20.
  Can it build a knight? Knight costs 30 wood + 30 iron. Lisboa only has 20 iron, so it cannot build a knight.
  Can it build spearman? Spearman costs 15 wood + 0 iron. It has 30 wood, so it can build 2 spearmen (30 wood).
  Can it build archer? Archer costs 20 wood + 10 iron. It has 30 wood, 20 iron, so it can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and maybe 1 spearman (15 wood, total 35 wood - too much), or just 1 archer.
  Let's look at Lisboa's available troops: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight". It already has 2 knights built.
  Can we build more in Lisboa? We have 30 wood, 20 iron.
  Let's build 2 spearmen in Lisboa (costs 30 wood).
  Or 1 archer (costs 20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spearman? No, 20+15 = 35 wood. So 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearmen (30 wood).
  Let's build 2 spearmen in Lisboa.

- Santarem: wood 30, iron 40.
  Can build:
  - knights: 30 wood, 30 iron. Can build 1 knight (leaves 0 wood, 10 iron).
  - archers: 20 wood, 10 iron. Can build 1 archer (leaves 10 wood, 30 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood - total 35 wood, so 1 archer + 1 spearman is 35 wood, 10 iron. Santarem has 30 wood, so cannot do both).
  - spearman: 15 wood. Can build 2 spearmen (30 wood).
  Let's see: Santarem has 30 wood, 40 iron.
  If we build 2 spearmen (30 wood, 0 iron), we have 0 wood, 40 iron left.
  If we build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron), we have 0 wood, 10 iron left.
  If we build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron), we have 10 wood, 30 iron left.
  Let's build 2 spearmen in Santarem (costs 30 wood). Or 1 knight (costs 30 wood, 30 iron). Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
  Let's build 2 spearmen in Santarem.

- Evora: wood 30, iron 40.
  Similar to Santarem. Let's build 2 spearmen in Evora (costs 30 wood).

Let's look at movements:
We want to attack Coimbra, Badajoz, Faro.
Coimbra: neutral, 1 spearman, defense 3.
We can send troops from Santarem. Santarem is 1 turn away (fast/medium/slow are all 1 turn).
Santarem has 6 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
If we send all of them:
- 6 spearman (attack 6, defense 6)
- 1 archer (attack 2, defense 2)
- 1 knight (attack 4, defense 4)
Total attack: spearman is most numerous (6 vs 1 archer, 1 knight). So counter matchup is spearman vs whatever the defender has.
Defender has 1 spearman. Spearman counters knight, but defender has only 1 spearman, so the most numerous type in defender's army is spearman (1).
Our most numerous is spearman (6).
Spearman vs Spearman: no counter bonus (spearman counters knight, archer counters spearman, knight counters archer).
Wait, archer counters spearman. If defender has spearman, and we have spearman, no counter. But if we had archers as most numerous, we would get the counter bonus.
But we have 6 spearman, so spearman is most numerous.
Let's calculate effective attack:
Spearman attack 1 each. 6 spearman = 6 attack.
Archer attack 2. 1 archer = 2 attack.
Knight attack 4. 1 knight = 4 attack.
Total attack = 12.
Defender has 1 spearman. Defense in village: defense counts x1.25.
Spearman defense is 2. 2 * 1.25 = 2.5 (effective defense 3, as listed: "effective defense (location bonus included): 3").
So defender has 3 effective defense.
Our attack is 12. We easily win.
But wait, we can also send troops from Lisboa, but Lisboa is connected to Santarem and Evora, not directly to Coimbra. To go to Coimbra, Lisboa troops would have to go to Santarem first, then to Coimbra. But we can just send from Santarem directly.
Let's send troops from Santarem to Coimbra.
How many? We have 6 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. We can send some or all. Let's send 4 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight to Coimbra.
Wait, if we send them, they will march and arrive in 1 turn.
What about Badajoz? Badajoz is neutral, 2 knights, defense 5. March from Santarem: 1 turn.
Faro: neutral, 2 knights, defense 5. March from Evora: 1 turn.
Let's send troops from Evora to Faro. Evora has 4 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knights.
If we send 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight to Faro.
Let's check the road network:
Santarem is connected to Coimbra and Badajoz.
Evora is connected to Faro.
So we can attack Coimbra from Santarem, and Faro from Evora.
What about Badajoz? We can attack it from Santarem too, but we only have one army we can send from Santarem, or we can split? "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
But we can send one army from Santarem to Coimbra, and another from Santarem to Badajoz? No, we can only send one army per village per turn? No, we can send multiple movements from the same village, but they will arrive and fight separately. But it's better to focus on one target to capture it, or we can send to both if we have enough troops. But capturing Coimbra and Faro first is good.
Let's send:
From Santarem to Coimbra: 4 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
From Evora to Faro: 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight.
Let's check if we have enough troops.
Santarem has 6 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Sending 4 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight leaves 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight.
Evora has 4 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knights. Sending 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight leaves 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
This seems very reasonable.

Let's double check the combat rules for Coimbra:
Defender: 1 spearman, defense 3.
Attackers: 4 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
Most numerous: spearman (4). Defender most numerous: spearman (1).
No counter bonus.
Attack sum: 4*1 + 2 + 4 = 10.
Defense: 3.
Attackers win with 10 vs 3.
For Faro:
Defender: 2 knights, defense 5.
Attackers: 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight.
Most numerous: spearman (3). Defender most numerous: knight (2).
Spearman counters knight! So we get 1.5x multiplier to our force?
Wait, "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
Since our most numerous is spearman (3) and defender's most numerous is knight (2), spearman counters knight, so our force is multiplied by 1.5.
Let's calculate our force:
Spearman attack 1 * 3 = 3.
Archer attack 2 * 2 = 4.
Knight attack 4 * 1 = 4.
Total attack = 11.
With 1.5 multiplier: 11 * 1.5 = 16.5.
Defender defense: 5.
We win easily.

Let's check if we can build anything else.
Lisboa: wood 30, iron 20.
Can build 2 spearmen (30 wood).
Santarem: wood 30, iron 40.
Can build 2 spearmen (30 wood).
Evora: wood 30, iron 40.
Can build 2 spearmen (30 wood).
Let's build 2 spearmen in Lisboa, 2 in Santarem, 2 in Evora.
Wait, Lisboa has 2 knights already. If we build 2 spearmen, Lisboa will have 2 knights, 2 spearmen.
Santarem will have 2 spearmen built, plus whatever is left (2 spearmen, so total 4 spearmen).
Evora will have 2 spearmen built, plus whatever is left (1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight, so total 3 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight).
This is good.

Let's write the plan and statement.
Plan: "Capture Coimbra from Santarem and Faro from Evora. Build 2 spearmen in each of my three villages to reinforce them. Next turn, assess the newly discovered villages and continue expanding towards the enemy capital."
Statement: "I ordered the assault on the neutral villages of Coimbra and Faro, sending seasoned troops from Santarem and Evora. At home, I ordered the construction of more spearman to bolster our growing army. The king's expansion begins now!"

Let's verify the JSON format:
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 1, "toId": 3, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 1, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 2, "toId": 5, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 2, "knight": 1}}
  ],
  "plan": "Capture Coimbra from Santarem and Faro from Evora. Build 2 spearmen in each of my three villages to reinforce them. Next turn, assess the newly discovered villages and continue expanding towards the enemy capital.",
  "statement": "I ordered the assault on the neutral villages of Coimbra and Faro, sending seasoned troops from Santarem and Evora. At home, I ordered the construction of more spearman to bolster our growing army. The king's expansion begins now!"
}

Let's double check if there are any constraints:
- "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."
  Lisboa: wood 30, iron 20. 2 spearmen costs 30 wood. Yes, can pay.
  Santarem: wood 30, iron 40. 2 spearmen costs 30 wood. Yes, can pay.
  Evora: wood 30, iron 40. 2 spearmen costs 30 wood. Yes, can pay.
- "Use only ids that appear in the report above."
  Villages: 0, 1, 2, 3, 5. Yes.
- "Do not send troops a village does not have."
  Santarem has 6 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Sending 4 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight is fine.
  Evora has 4 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knights. Sending 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight is fine.
- "Empty lists are valid orders." - not needed here, but good to know.
- "Reply with ONE valid JSON object and nothing else - no text before or after it."

Let's review the road network and distances:
Santarem to Coimbra: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Since we send spearman (slow), archer (medium), knight (fast), the mixed army marches at the speed of its slowest troop, which is spearman (slow). So it takes 1 slow turn (1 turn).
Evora to Faro: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Mixed army takes 1 turn.
This is perfect.

Let's review the plan length: "2 to 4 lines (anything past 600 characters is cut off)".
My plan is 3 lines, well under 600 characters.
Statement: "2 to 4 lines telling the audience what you did THIS turn."
My statement is 3 lines.

Let's do a quick sanity check on the troop counts and resources.
Lisboa: wood 30, iron 20.
Santarem: wood 30, iron 40.
Evora: wood 30, iron 40.
All have enough wood for 2 spearmen (30 wood).
Everything looks solid. I will output the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":1,"destinoId":3,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":2,"destinoId":5,"tropas":{"lanceiro":3,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":1}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO envio [1]->[3]: 4S+1A+1K (alvo neutra lanceiro)
ACEITO envio [2]->[5]: 3S+2A+1K (alvo neutra cavaleiro)
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Capture Coimbra from Santarem and Faro from Evora. Build 2 spearmen in each of my three villages to reinforce them. Next turn, assess the newly discovered villages and continue expanding towards the enemy capital.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): I ordered the assault on the neutral villages of Coimbra and Faro, sending seasoned troops from Santarem and Evora. At home, I ordered the construction of more spearman to bolster our growing army. The king's expansion begins now!
########## TURNO 4 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 2766 | resposta 5097 | raciocinio 3928 | finish stop | ms 73311
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 22, \"toId\": 21, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 3}},\n    {\"fromId\": 22, \"toId\": 23, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 3, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 0}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Conquer Tarragona and Girona this turn to secure my borders and expand. Next, push towards Zaragoza and Huesca to gather more forces and eventually surround the enemy capital.\",\n  \"statement\": \"I have split my forces to take both Tarragona and Girona simultaneously, securing my flanks and expanding my territory before the neutrals can reinforce.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B, playing a turn-based strategy game.
Let's analyze the rules and the current state.

Current state:
- Turn 4.
- I am King B.
- My capital is Barcelona [22].
- I hold 1 of 24 villages (75% needed to win, which is 18 villages, or eliminate every enemy village).
- I have 12 soldiers at home in Barcelona: 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight.
- Resources in Barcelona: wood 120 (+30/turn), iron 80 (+20/turn).
- Neutral villages nearby:
  - [21] Tarragona: neutral, 1 knight, defense 3. March from Barcelona: 1 turn.
  - [23] Girona: neutral, 1 spearman, defense 3. March from Barcelona: 1 turn.
- Road network:
  - Barcelona [22] connects to [21] Tarragona and [23] Girona.
  - Tarragona [21] connects to [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [22] Barcelona.
  - Girona [23] connects to [20] Huesca, [22] Barcelona.

Let's look at the combat rules:
- spearman: attack 1, defense 2, speed slow (costs 15 wood + 0 iron).
- archer: attack 2, defense 2, speed medium (costs 20 wood + 10 iron).
- knight: attack 4, defense 2, speed fast (costs 30 wood + 30 iron).
- Counter triangle: spearman counters knight (+1.5x force); archer counters spearman (+1.5x); knight counters archer (+1.5x).
- The most numerous type sets the counter matchup.
- Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village, x1.5 in a castle. In open field, no bonus.
- The effective defense values in the report already include the location bonus. So Tarragona has effective defense 3, Girona has effective defense 3.
- Let's check the troop counts of the neutral villages:
  - Tarragona: 1 knight. Knight defense is 2. In a village, defense is 2 * 1.25 = 2.5, rounded? Or maybe effective defense is exactly 3. Let's trust the report: effective defense 3.
  - Girona: 1 spearman. Spearman defense is 2. In a village, 2 * 1.25 = 2.5, effective defense 3.
- If I attack Tarragona with some troops:
  - Tarragona has 1 knight. Knight defense is 2, effective defense 3.
  - Let's say I send all 12 troops from Barcelona: 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight.
  - The most numerous type is spearman (5). Spearman counters knight, so my whole army gets a 1.5x multiplier!
  - Let's calculate the attack power of my army:
    - spearman: 5 * 1 = 5 attack.
    - archer: 4 * 2 = 8 attack.
    - knight: 3 * 4 = 12 attack.
    - Total attack = 5 + 8 + 12 = 25.
    - With spearman counter bonus (since spearman is the most numerous type, and it counters knight): 25 * 1.5 = 37.5.
    - The defender has 1 knight, effective defense 3.
    - Since 37.5 > 3, I win easily.
  - If I attack Girona:
    - Girona has 1 spearman, effective defense 3.
    - My army: 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight. Most numerous is spearman (5). Spearman does NOT counter spearman, but archer counters spearman. Since spearman is the most numerous, the counter is spearman vs spearman, which is no bonus (or does the counter triangle only apply if the most numerous type counters the enemy's most numerous type? "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." "Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5". So the matchup is between my most numerous type (spearman) and their most numerous type (spearman). Spearman vs spearman is not a counter, so no bonus. My attack is 25. Defender defense is 3. 25 > 3, I win.
  - But wait! Can I split my troops? "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
  - I only have one village (Barcelona), so I can only send one army from it, or split it into multiple movements? "movements: [ {"fromId": ..., "toId": ..., "troops": {...}} ]". I can send multiple movements from the same village, but they will fight one at a time if they go to the same target, or they can go to different targets. But since they all start from Barcelona, they will arrive at different targets on the same turn if the travel times are the same. Tarragona and Girona are both 1 turn away.
  - If I split my troops, say, send some to Tarragona and some to Girona, they will fight independently.
  - Let's check if I can build more troops first.
  - Barcelona has 120 wood, 80 iron.
  - Costs:
    - spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron.
    - archer: 20 wood, 10 iron.
    - knight: 30 wood, 30 iron.
  - Cap per village: 300 troops. Currently 12.
  - Can I build troops this turn?
    - I have 120 wood, 80 iron.
    - Let's build some archers or knights or spearmen.
    - If I build knights: 30 wood, 30 iron. I can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
    - If I build archers: 20 wood, 10 iron. I can build 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) or more if I use all resources.
    - Let's see: 120 wood, 80 iron.
    - Max knights: 2 (60 wood, 60 iron). Remaining: 60 wood, 20 iron. Then 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Total build: 2 knights, 2 archers. Cost: 100 wood, 80 iron. Remaining: 20 wood, 0 iron.
    - Or 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) and 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) -> 140 wood (not enough).
    - Let's calculate the best build.
    - I want to conquer Tarragona and Girona. They are neutral.
    - If I conquer them, they will become mine.
    - Let's look at the map. Barcelona is at [22]. Tarragona is [21], Girona is [23].
    - If I take Tarragona, I can reach Zaragoza [17], Castellon [18].
    - If I take Girona, I can reach Huesca [20].
    - To win, I need 18 villages. Currently I have 1. I need 17 more.
    - Neutral villages harden every 5 turns. We are on turn 4, so next turn is turn 5, they might harden? "every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type." So on turn 5, Tarragona and Girona will gain +1 troop. Currently they have 1. On turn 5 they will have 2.
    - It's best to attack them NOW, on turn 4, before they harden.
    - Let's send troops to attack both Tarragona and Girona.
    - To attack both, I need to split my forces, or just attack one and leave the other? If I attack only one, the other remains neutral and will harden. But if I attack both, I split my army.
    - Let's see the travel time: 1 turn for both.
    - If I send, say, 3 knight, 2 archer to Tarragona, and 2 spearman, 2 archer to Girona.
    - Let's calculate the battles:
      - Tarragona: 1 knight, defense 3.
        - My troops: 3 knight (attack 12), 2 archer (attack 4). Total attack 16. Most numerous is knight (3). Knight vs knight (no counter). 16 > 3, I win.
      - Girona: 1 spearman, defense 3.
        - My troops: 2 spearman (attack 2), 2 archer (attack 4). Total attack 6. Most numerous is tie between spearman and archer. Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight -> spearman. Spearman vs spearman (no counter). 6 > 3, I win.
    - But wait, can I build more troops this turn to send them?
    - "Each troop type has a speed: spearman (slow), archer (medium), knight (fast). A MIXED army marches at the speed of its SLOWEST troop."
    - March from Barcelona to Tarragona/Girona is 1 turn for all speeds ("1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"). So even if I mix them, it takes 1 turn.
    - Can I build troops and send them in the same turn? "ready in 1 turn." Usually, in these games, if you build them, they are available at the end of the turn or start of the next? "ready in 1 turn" means they are ready to be sent next turn, or can they be sent this turn? "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." and "Each troop type ... ready in 1 turn." Usually, you build them and they are added to the garrison at the start of the next turn, or you can send them immediately? In most such systems, you build them and they are available for movement in the same turn if you order the movement after the build, or they are built at the beginning of the turn? No, "ready in 1 turn" means they are built at the end of the turn, so they can only be sent next turn. Let's assume they can only be sent next turn. But wait, the prompt says "Each village you hold produces resources every turn...". The build order is for the next turn, or is it instant? "ready in 1 turn" usually means if you order it now, it will be ready next turn. But let's check if I can send them this turn. The JSON has "build" and "movements". If I build and move in the same turn, do the newly built troops move? Usually, you can only move troops that are already at home at the start of the turn. The report says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight". So I can only send these 12 troops now. The newly built ones will be available next turn.
    - Let's check the resources: wood 120, iron 80.
    - I can build:
      - 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) -> 30 wood, 20 iron left. Then 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) -> 10 wood, 0 iron left. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 10 wood, 10 iron left (can't build anything else). So 2 knights, 1 archer is 100 wood, 70 iron.
      - Or 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) -> 40 wood, 40 iron left. Then 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 10 wood, 10 iron left. So 1 knight, 4 archers.
      - Or 6 archers (120 wood, 60 iron) -> 0 wood, 20 iron left.
      - Or 8 spearman (120 wood, 0 iron) -> 0 wood, 80 iron left.
      - Let's build 1 knight and 4 archers (cost: 30+80=110 wood, 30+40=70 iron). This gives a good mix.
      - Or 2 knights and 2 archers (cost: 60+40=100 wood, 60+20=80 iron). This uses almost all iron and wood. Let's do 2 knights, 2 archers. Remaining: 20 wood, 0 iron.
    - Let's plan the movements for this turn:
      - I have 12 troops: 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight.
      - I want to attack Tarragona [21] and Girona [23].
      - Let's send a strong force to Tarragona, and a smaller force to Girona.
      - Tarragona has 1 knight. If I send 3 knight, 2 archer, 2 spearman:
        - Most numerous: knight (3) or spearman (2)? Knight is 3, spearman is 2, archer is 2. So knight is most numerous. Knight vs knight (no counter). Attack: 3*4 + 2*2 + 2*1 = 12 + 4 + 2 = 18. Defense: 3. 18 > 3, easy win.
      - Girona has 1 spearman. If I send 3 spearman, 2 archer:
        - Most numerous: spearman (3). Spearman vs spearman (no counter). Attack: 3*1 + 2*2 = 7. Defense: 3. 7 > 3, win.
        - Total troops sent: 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight. This uses all 12 troops!
        - Let's check if I can split them like this:
          - To Tarragona: 3 knight, 2 archer, 2 spearman.
          - To Girona: 3 spearman, 2 archer.
          - Total: 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight. Yes, exactly what I have!
      - Let's double check the combat math:
        - Tarragona: 1 knight, defense 3.
          - My army: 3 knight, 2 archer, 2 spearman.
          - Most numerous type: knight (3).
          - Enemy most numerous type: knight (1).
          - Counter matchup: knight vs knight. No counter.
          - Attack sum: 3*4 (knight) + 2*2 (archer) + 2*1 (spearman) = 12 + 4 + 2 = 18.
          - Defender defense: 3.
          - 18 > 3. Winner!
        - Girona: 1 spearman, defense 3.
          - My army: 3 spearman, 2 archer.
          - Most numerous type: spearman (3).
          - Enemy most numerous type: spearman (1).
          - Counter matchup: spearman vs spearman. No counter.
          - Attack sum: 3*1 (spearman) + 2*2 (archer) = 3 + 4 = 7.
          - Defender defense: 3.
          - 7 > 3. Winner!
      - This is perfect! I conquer both neutral villages in one turn, before they harden.
      - Let's write the plan and statement.
      - Plan: Conquer Tarragona and Girona this turn to secure my borders and expand. Next, push towards Zaragoza and Huesca to gather more forces and eventually surround the enemy capital.
      - Statement: I have split my forces to take both Tarragona and Girona simultaneously, securing my flanks and expanding my territory before the neutrals can reinforce.

Let's refine the build order:
- Build 2 knights, 2 archers in Barcelona.
- Cost: 2*30 + 2*20 = 100 wood. 2*30 + 2*10 = 80 iron.
- Barcelona has 120 wood, 80 iron. So this is perfectly affordable.
- Remaining: 20 wood, 0 iron.

Let's refine the movements:
- From Barcelona [22] to Tarragona [21]: 3 knight, 2 archer, 2 spearman.
- From Barcelona [22] to Girona [23]: 3 spearman, 2 archer.
- Wait, do I have 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight in total?
  - Yes: 5 spearman, 4 archer, 3 knight.
  - To Tarragona: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight.
  - To Girona: 3 spearman, 2 archer.
  - Total spearman: 2 + 3 = 5.
  - Total archer: 2 + 2 = 4.
  - Total knight: 3 + 0 = 3.
  - This matches exactly!

Let's double check if there are any other villages I can see or attack.
- "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE (2)": Tarragona, Girona.
- "FRONT LINE": Barcelona faces Tarragona and Girona.
- So I can only attack these two this turn.
- After I take them, next turn I will see more of the map (Zaragoza, Castellon, Huesca).

Let's write the JSON.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 22, "toId": 21, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 2, "knight": 3}},
    {"fromId": 22, "toId": 23, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 2, "knight": 0}}
  ],
  "plan": "Conquer Tarragona and Girona this turn to secure my borders and expand. Next, push towards Zaragoza and Huesca to gather more forces and eventually surround the enemy capital.",
  "statement": "I have split my forces to take both Tarragona and Girona simultaneously, securing my flanks and expanding my territory before the neutrals can reinforce."
}

Let's check if the JSON format is correct.
- "build": list of objects with villageId, type, quantity.
- "movements": list of objects with fromId, toId, troops (object with spearman, archer, knight).
- "plan": string.
- "statement": string.

Is there any constraint on the number of movements? "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up...". I am sending from the same village (22) to two different targets. This is allowed because they are different targets, so they fight separately.
Wait, "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This implies sends from the SAME village to DIFFERENT targets are fine, and sends from the same village to the same target would also fight separately? But I am sending to different targets, so it's fine.

Let's review the combat rules again to ensure I didn't miss anything.
- "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
- For Tarragona: my army has 3 knight, 2 archer, 2 spearman. Most numerous is knight (3). Enemy has 1 knight. Knight vs knight, no counter.
- For Girona: my army has 3 spearman, 2 archer. Most numerous is spearman (3). Enemy has 1 spearman. Spearman vs spearman, no counter.
- What if I sent 3 archer, 3 knight, 1 spearman to Tarragona? Most numerous would be tie between archer and knight. Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight -> archer. Archer vs knight (enemy is knight). Archer does NOT counter knight (knight counters archer). So no counter.
- What if I sent 4 spearman, 4 archer to Girona? Tie between spearman and archer -> spearman. Spearman vs spearman, no counter.
- It seems my current split is very safe and efficient.

Let's check the resource production:
- Barcelona produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn.
- Current: wood 120, iron 80.
- After build: wood 20, iron 0.
- Next turn, it will produce 30 wood, 20 iron, so wood 50, iron 20.
- This is fine.

Let's write the final response.

ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"arqueiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":22,"destinoId":21,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":3}},{"origemId":22,"destinoId":23,"tropas":{"lanceiro":3,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":0}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [22]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [22]
ACEITO envio [22]->[21]: 2S+2A+3K (alvo neutra cavaleiro)
ACEITO envio [22]->[23]: 3S+2A (alvo neutra lanceiro)
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Conquer Tarragona and Girona this turn to secure my borders and expand. Next, push towards Zaragoza and Huesca to gather more forces and eventually surround the enemy capital.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): I have split my forces to take both Tarragona and Girona simultaneously, securing my flanks and expanding my territory before the neutrals can reinforce.
REFORCO [1] Santarem dono A: 2S+1A+1K
REFORCO [2] Evora dono A: 2S+1A+2K
placar: A 3 ald/tropas 7 | B 1 ald/tropas 0 | neutras 20 | transito 4 (A 2 | B 2)

########## TURNO 5 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3005 | resposta 21022 | raciocinio 18744 | finish stop | ms 298484
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 5, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 3, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 3, \"toId\": 6, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 3, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 0, \"toId\": 1, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 1, \"toId\": 3, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 2, \"toId\": 5, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 3, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 1}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Conquer Badajoz and Porto with spearman-led forces to exploit the counter bonus. Reinforce Santarem from Lisbon, Santarem to Coimbra, and Evora to Faro to consolidate my territory. Build 2 spearmen in Lisbon, Santarem, and Evora. Next turn, assess the newly revealed villages (Toledo, Vigo) and push toward Salamanca and Sevilha.\",\n  \"statement\": \"My armies have struck at the neutral villages of Badajoz and Porto, leading with spearmen to counter their knights. I have also shifted troops from Lisbon to Santarem, from Santarem to Coimbra, and from Evora to Faro to strengthen my core positions. My forges are producing spearmen in three villages to swell my ranks for the next advance.\"\n}"
raciocinio: We are King A. We have 5 villages: Lisboa (capital), Santarem, Evora, Coimbra, Faro. We just conquered Coimbra and Faro last turn. We have 24 soldiers at home total: 15 spearman, 4 archer, 5 knight. We need to hold 18 of 24 villages for 2 consecutive turns to win, or eliminate every enemy village. The enemy capital is Barcelona (hard target, not required to win). Currently we hold 5 of 24.

We see 4 neutral villages: Badajoz, Porto, Salamanca, Sevilha. They have garrisons of knights and archers. We need to expand. Our resources: each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. Some villages have 0 wood/iron because they were just conquered? Actually, the report says Coimbra and Faro have wood 0, iron 0, but they produce +30/+20 per turn. So they start with 0 resources this turn? They might have just been captured, so they have no resources yet. But we can still send troops from them? The "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" lists troops at home: Coimbra has 5 troops (3 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight) and can send up to that many. Faro has 6 troops (3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight). So we can send troops from them even though they have 0 resources? The resources are for building new troops. Sending troops doesn't cost resources from the village? Actually, the rules: "Each village you hold produces resources every turn, and resources are what build your army." "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." So building troops requires resources from that village. But sending troops from a village does not require resources; it just sends the troops that are already there. So we can send troops from Coimbra and Faro even though they have 0 resources. But we cannot build new troops there until they accumulate resources.

We have 5 villages, total troops at home: 24. We can send them to attack neutral villages or enemy villages. We don't see any enemy armies or villages except the neutral ones. The enemy capital is unexplored. We need to expand.

Our plan: We should attack the neutral villages to gain more territory. We need 18 total to win. We have 5, need 13 more. There are 15 unexplored villages, some may be enemy. But we can try to capture the neutral ones first.

We have 4 visible neutrals: Badajoz (3 knights, defense 8), Porto (3 knights, defense 8), Salamanca (4 archers, defense 10), Sevilha (4 knights, defense 10). We need to assess if we can win with our available troops.

We can send troops from multiple villages, but each send fights alone. So we need to combine troops from different villages? But they never add up; they fight separately. So we should send a strong stack from one village to attack one target, or send multiple attacks from different villages to the same target? The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if we send from two villages to the same target, they will fight sequentially? Actually, they arrive on the same turn but fight alone. So the first send fights the garrison, then the second send fights the remnants? That might be possible but risky because the garrison might defeat the first send and then the second send might also lose. Better to send a single strong stack from one village.

We need to check the attack power of our available troops. We have spearman (attack 1), archer (attack 2), knight (attack 4). Defense: spearman 2, archer 2, knight 2. Counter triangle: spearman counters knight (1.5x), archer counters spearman (1.5x), knight counters archers (1.5x). The most numerous type sets the counter matchup. Ties break in order spearman, archer, knight.

When attacking a village, the defender gets location bonus: defense x1.25 in village, x1.5 in castle. The effective defense in the report already includes the bonus. So for Badajoz: effective defense 8. That's the number we compare against our effective attack.

Our attack power: we count the attack of our troops. But there is also the counter bonus. We need to compute our effective attack force. The rules: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5. The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."

So we need to determine the most numerous type in our attacking army. Then if that type counters the defender's most numerous type, we multiply our total attack by 1.5. If the defender's most numerous type counters ours, we don't get a bonus? Actually, the rule says: "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't say the defender gets a counter bonus when attacking? But when we are attacking, we are the attacker, so we only get the counter bonus if our most numerous type counters their most numerous type. The defender's counter doesn't matter for our attack? The rule: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counts knight; archer counts spearman; knight counts archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It says "your force", so as attacker, if our most numerous type counters their most numerous type, our force is multiplied by 1.5. If their most numerous type counters ours, do we get penalized? The rule doesn't mention a penalty, only a bonus. So likely we just don't get the bonus. But we should check: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER." So we need to compute our effective force (sum of attacks, possibly multiplied by 1.5) and compare to their effective defense (already given, which includes location bonus and their defense values? Actually, the effective defense in the report includes location bonus. But does it also include their counter bonus? The defender's counter bonus: when defending, do they get a counter bonus? The rule says: "Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital). In the open field (on a road) there is no bonus." It doesn't mention defender getting counter bonus. The counter triangle is for attackers? Actually, it says "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So the counter bonus applies to the attacker's force. The defender just uses their defense values. So the effective defense number given is just the sum of their defense values multiplied by location bonus? Let's verify: Badajoz has 3 knights. Knight defense is 2. So total defense = 3*2 = 6. Location bonus: village is x1.25, so 6*1.25 = 7.5, rounded? The report says effective defense 8. So maybe they round up. Or maybe they include something else. But we should use the given effective defense directly.

So for attacking Badajoz: effective defense 8. Our attack: we need to choose which troops to send. We can send from various villages. Let's see what we can send from each village:

Lisboa: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight. Attack if all sent: spearman attack 1 each, knight attack 4 each. Total raw attack = 2*1 + 2*4 = 2+8=10. Most numerous type? We have 2 spearman, 2 knight. Tie between spearman and knight. Ties break in order spearman, archer, knight. So spearman is considered most numerous? The rule: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So if tie, spearman wins. So most numerous is spearman. Spearman counters knight? Actually, spearman counters knight (1.5x). The defender has 3 knights, so their most numerous is knight. Our most numerous spearman counters their knight? Spearman counters knight, so yes, we get the counter bonus! Our force multiplied by 1.5. So effective attack = 10 * 1.5 = 15. That is greater than 8, so we win. But we also need to consider losses. The winner takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force). So we would win but lose some troops.

But we can also send from other villages. Santarem: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. Attack = 4*1=4. Most numerous spearman. Defender knights. Spearman counters knight, so 1.5x => 6 effective attack. 6 < 8, so we lose. So not good.

Evora: 3 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Attack = 3*1 + 1*2 + 1*4 = 3+2+4=9. Most numerous: spearman (3). Spearman counters knight? Yes, defender knights. So 1.5x => 13.5 effective attack. >8, win.

Coimbra: same as Evora: 3 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight -> 9 attack, spearman most numerous, 1.5x => 13.5.

Faro: 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. Attack = 3*1 + 2*2 + 1*4 = 3+4+4=11. Most numerous: spearman (3) vs archer (2) vs knight (1). Spearman most numerous. Spearman counters knight? Defender knights. So 1.5x => 16.5 effective attack. >8, win.

So we can attack Badajoz with any of these except Santarem alone. But we need to consider that we might want to send troops from multiple villages to different targets. We have 4 neutrals. We could try to attack all of them? But we only have 5 villages, and we can send from each. But we need to be careful about losses. If we attack and win, we take losses. The losses are attrition against the loser's effective force. The loser's effective force is their effective defense? Actually, "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So if we attack with effective force A, defender effective force D, and we win (A > D), then our losses are proportional to D? The rule doesn't specify exact numbers, but presumably we lose some troops. We need to ensure we have enough troops to conquer and then hold the village. Also, after conquering, the village becomes ours, and its garrison becomes our troops? Actually, when we attack and win, we conquer the village. The defender's troops are destroyed. Our troops that survived become the garrison? Or do they return? The rules: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So our attacking army suffers losses. After battle, the surviving troops probably stay in the village as garrison. We can then later send reinforcements.

We need to decide which neutrals to attack. We have 4 neutrals: Badajoz, Porto, Salamanca, Sevilha. We can attack all four if we have enough troops. But we must consider that we only have 24 troops total. If we send all from a village, we leave that village undefended? But the village's defense is its garrison at home. If we send all troops, the village has 0 troops at home, but it still has effective defense? The effective defense listed for our villages includes location bonus. For example, Lisboa effective defense 12. That is based on the troops at home? Actually, the report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 12 | troops at home: 4 / 300". So the effective defense is computed from the troops at home? Or is it a fixed value? The location bonus is x1.25 in village, x1.5 in castle. Lisboa is our capital, so it's a castle? It says "YOUR CAPITAL", so likely castle, defense x1.5. The troops at home: 4. What are they? It says "4 / 300" but doesn't specify composition. Actually, the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" lists the troops we can send: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight. So the troops at home are those 4? But the total soldiers at home is 24, and we have 5 villages. The numbers: Lisboa 4, Santarem 4, Evora 5, Coimbra 5, Faro 6. That sums to 24. So the troops at home are exactly the ones listed as available to send. So if we send all from a village, that village will have 0 troops at home, and its effective defense will drop? The effective defense in the report is based on current troops. If we send them away, the defense will decrease. But the enemy might attack our villages? We don't see any enemy armies on the march, but they could be moving. The enemy is somewhere. We need to be careful not to leave our villages completely undefended, because if the enemy attacks, they could capture them. But the enemy might not attack this turn because they are far. However, we should keep some defense.

Also, we need to build new troops. Each village produces resources, but we can only build if we have resources. Some villages have 0 wood/iron. We should consider building troops to reinforce. But we need to decide which villages to build what.

Let's analyze the neutrals and their garrisons:
Badajoz: 3 knights, defense 8. March from Faro: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns. So if we send from Faro, it takes 1 turn for fast troops? Actually, the march time is given as "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means if we send all troops, the slowest determines the time? Actually, a mixed army marches at the speed of its slowest troop. So if we send spearman (slow), archer (medium), knight (fast), the march takes the slow time. But the report shows the time for each speed? It says "march from [5] Faro: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That might mean the distance is such that a slow troop takes 1 turn, medium takes 1 turn, fast takes 1 turn? Actually, it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" which likely means the travel time is 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast. So it's a 1-turn march regardless of speed. So we can reach it in 1 turn.

Porto: 3 knights, defense 8. March from Coimbra: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns. Also 1 turn.

Salamanca: 4 archers, defense 10. March from Coimbra: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns. So if we send from Coimbra, it takes 2 turns if we include slow troops, 1 turn if only medium/fast? Actually, the time is the slowest troop's time. So if we send only knights (fast), it takes 1 turn? But the report says "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means the distance is 2 for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast. So if we send a mixed army with slow troops, it takes 2 turns. If we send only medium or fast, it takes 1 turn. But we have to consider that we might want to send a mix.

Sevilha: 4 knights, defense 10. March from Faro: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns. So similar.

We also have unexplored villages. We can send armies to explore? Actually, we can only see villages connected to our villages. The unexplored ones are not connected to any we see? They are on the road network but we haven't seen them. To see them, we need to have an army march to them or have a village connected? Actually, the fog of war: "You see: your own villages, every village directly connected to one of yours by road, and the destination of each army you have on the march." So if we attack a neutral village and conquer it, we will then see the villages connected to it. So expanding will reveal more map.

Our goal: capture 18 villages. We have 5, need 13 more. There are 15 unexplored + 4 neutral = 19 potential villages. Some may be enemy. We need to capture at least 13 of them. The enemy capital is Barcelona, but we don't need to take it. We just need to hold 18 total. So we can capture many neutrals and some enemy villages.

We should plan to attack the neutrals this turn. But we need to decide which ones. We have limited troops. Let's compute the outcome of each attack with different sends.

We need to consider the counter bonus carefully. The defender's most numerous type: for Badajoz, Porto, Sevilha: knights. For Salamanca: archers.

Our attack: if we send a stack where our most numerous type is spearman, we get 1.5x against knights. If we send archers as most numerous, we get 1.5x against spearmen? But defenders are knights or archers. If we send archers against knights, archers do not counter knights; knights counter archers. So if our most numerous is archer and defender most numerous is knight, then knight counters archer, so we do NOT get the counter bonus. Actually, the rule: "spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer." So if our most numerous is archer and defender is knight, the defender's type counters ours, but the rule says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't say the defender gets a bonus. So we only get a bonus if our most numerous type counters theirs. If theirs counters ours, we just don't get a bonus. So we want to have our most numerous type be the one that counters the defender's most numerous type.

So against knights (Badajoz, Porto, Sevilha), we want spearman as most numerous. Against archers (Salamanca), we want knight as most numerous? Knight counters archer. So we want knights to be most numerous when attacking Salamanca.

Now, let's see what we can send from each village to each target, and whether we can achieve the counter bonus.

First, Badajoz (3 knights, def 8). We can send from:
- Lisboa: 2 spear, 2 knight. Most numerous tie: spearman wins tie. So spearman most numerous -> counters knight -> 1.5x. Attack = (2*1+2*4)=10, effective 15. Win.
- Santarem: 4 spear. Most numerous spearman -> counters knight -> 1.5x. Attack=4, effective=6. Lose (6<8).
- Evora: 3 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight. Most numerous spearman (3) -> counters knight -> 1.5x. Attack=9, effective=13.5. Win.
- Coimbra: same as Evora, 9 attack, 13.5 effective. Win.
- Faro: 3 spear, 2 arch, 1 knight. Most numerous spearman (3) -> counters knight -> 1.5x. Attack=11, effective=16.5. Win.

So we can win against Badajoz from Lisboa, Evora, Coimbra, Faro. But we need to consider losses. The winner takes losses equal to the loser's effective force? The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So our losses are proportional to the defender's effective force. If we attack with effective 15 vs def 8, we win but lose some troops. The exact number isn't specified, but presumably we lose some troops. We might want to minimize losses by using a just-enough force. But we also want to conquer quickly.

Porto: same as Badajoz: 3 knights, def 8. March from Coimbra: 1 turn. So similar.

Salamanca: 4 archers, def 10. To get counter bonus, we need knight as most numerous. Let's check our villages:
- Lisboa: 2 spear, 2 knight. Most numerous tie: spearman wins tie? Actually, tie between spearman and knight. The tie break order: spearman, archer, knight. So spearman is considered most numerous. So spearman most numerous. Spearman does not counter archer; archer counters spearman. So no bonus. Attack = 10, effective 10. 10 vs 10? Tie favors defender. So we lose? Actually, tie goes to defender. So we would lose. If we could make knight most numerous, we need more knights than spearmen. But we only have 2 knights. So we can't.
- Santarem: 4 spear. Most numerous spearman. No bonus. Attack=4, effective=4. Lose.
- Evora: 3 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight. Most numerous spearman. No bonus. Attack=9, effective=9. 9<10, lose.
- Coimbra: same, 9 effective, lose.
- Faro: 3 spear, 2 arch, 1 knight. Most numerous spearman. No bonus. Attack=11, effective=11. 11>10, win without counter bonus! So we can win against Salamanca from Faro without counter bonus because our raw attack 11 > def 10. But we need to check: our attack is 11, defender defense 10. We win, but we take losses. However, we don't get the 1.5x bonus. So effective attack is just 11. That's enough.

But wait: if we send from Faro, we have 3 spear, 2 arch, 1 knight. Most numerous is spearman (3). Defender is archer (4). Spearman does not counter archer; archer counters spearman. So no bonus. Our attack is 11, defense 10, we win. But we might suffer losses.

What if we try to send a different composition? We can choose which troops to send. We don't have to send all available. We can send a subset to manipulate the most numerous type. For example, from Evora we have 3 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight. If we send only the knight and archer? But we need to have enough attack. If we send 1 knight and 1 arch, most numerous? 1 knight, 1 arch: tie between knight and archer. Tie break order: spearman, archer, knight. So archer wins tie? Actually, tie break: spearman first, then archer, then knight. So if tie between archer and knight, archer is considered most numerous. So most numerous archer. Archer counters spearman, but defender is archer? Archer does not counter archer. So no bonus. Attack = 1*4 + 1*2 = 6. Too low.

If we send only knights: from Lisboa we have 2 knights. Send both: most numerous knight. Knight counters archer! So we get 1.5x bonus. Attack = 2*4=8, effective = 12. 12>10, win with counter bonus. But we only send 2 knights, leaving others behind. That might be more efficient. But we need to consider that we might want to use the other troops elsewhere.

Similarly, from Faro we have 1 knight. If we send only that knight, most numerous knight, counters archer, attack=4, effective=6, too low. If we send 1 knight and some archers? To make knight most numerous, we need more knights than archers. We only have 1 knight, so we can't make knight most numerous unless we send 0 archers and 0 spearmen? Actually, if we send only 1 knight, most numerous is knight (since it's the only type). So that works: most numerous knight, counters archer, attack=4, effective=6. Still too low.

So to beat Salamanca with counter bonus, we need a force where knight is most numerous and total attack *1.5 > 10. So raw attack needed > 6.67, so at least 7 raw attack. With knights only, each knight gives 4 attack, so 2 knights give 8 raw, 12 effective. So we need at least 2 knights. We have 2 knights in Lisboa, 1 in Evora, 1 in Coimbra, 1 in Faro. So we could send 2 knights from Lisboa. Or send 1 knight from Evora and 1 from somewhere else? But they fight separately. So we need a single send with at least 2 knights and knight most numerous. That means we can send 2 knights and maybe some other troops as long as knights outnumber them. For example, from Lisboa: send 2 knights and 1 spearman? Then most numerous: knight 2 vs spearman 1, so knight most numerous. Attack = 2*4 + 1*1 = 9, effective 13.5. That works. But we need to have that spearman available. Lisboa has 2 spear, 2 knight. We can send 2 knight and 1 spear. That leaves 1 spear behind.

So we have options.

Sevilha: 4 knights, def 10. We want spearman most numerous to counter knights. Let's check:
- Lisboa: 2 spear, 2 knight. Tie -> spearman most numerous. Attack=10, effective 15. Win.
- Santarem: 4 spear. Attack=4, effective 6. Lose.
- Evora: 3 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight. Spearman most numerous. Attack=9, effective 13.5. Win.
- Coimbra: same, 13.5. Win.
- Faro: 3 spear, 2 arch, 1 knight. Spearman most numerous. Attack=11, effective 16.5. Win.

So we can win against Sevilha from several villages.

Now, we need to decide which neutrals to attack this turn. We can send multiple armies from different villages. They will march and arrive at different times. But we need to consider that if we attack a neutral, we might want to follow up with another attack from another village? But they fight separately. If we send from two villages to the same target, they arrive on the same turn? Actually, the march times differ. For Badajoz, from Faro it's 1 turn. From Coimbra to Badajoz? The road network: Badajoz is connected to [1] Santarem, [5] Faro, [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha. So from Coimbra, we would have to go through Salamanca? Actually, Coimbra is connected to Porto, Salamanca, and Santarem. To reach Badajoz from Coimbra, we'd have to go Coimbra -> Salamanca -> Badajoz? Or Coimbra -> Porto -> ? Porto is connected to Vigo, Salamanca, Coimbra. Not directly to Badajoz. So the only routes to Badajoz are from Santarem, Faro, Salamanca, Toledo, Sevilha. We own Santarem and Faro. So we can send from Santarem or Faro to Badajoz. From Santarem, march time? The report says for Badajoz: "march from [5] Faro: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". It doesn't give from Santarem. But we can infer: Santarem is connected to Badajoz? The road network: [1] Santarem: [0], [3], [4]. [4] is Badajoz. So yes, Santarem is directly connected to Badajoz. So we can march from Santarem to Badajoz. The distance? Not given, but we can assume it's similar. The report only gives march distances for the visible neutrals from our nearest villages. For Badajoz, it gives from Faro. For Porto, from Coimbra. For Salamanca, from Coimbra. For Sevilha, from Faro. So we should use those as guides. We can also send from other villages but the march time might be longer. Since we don't have exact times, we should rely on the given ones.

We want to conquer as many as possible this turn. But we need to be careful about losses. We have 24 troops total. If we send all from a village, we might leave it defenseless. But the enemy might not attack this turn. We haven't seen any enemy armies. So maybe it's safe to send most of our troops.

Let's think about building. We have resources. We can build new troops to reinforce. Each village produces resources per turn. We can order builds. The builds take 1 turn. So if we build this turn, they will be available next turn. We should build troops to increase our army. But we need to consider which villages have resources. Lisboa: wood 30, iron 40. So it can build. Santarem: wood 30, iron 60. Evora: wood 30, iron 60. Coimbra: wood 0, iron 0. Faro: wood 0, iron 0. So only Lisboa, Santarem, Evora can build this turn. Coimbra and Faro just captured have no resources yet; they will produce but start with 0.

What should we build? We need more troops to conquer villages. We have 24 troops. To take 18 villages, we need to expand. We should build spearman because they are cheap and counter knights. But we also need to consider the enemy. The enemy capital is Barcelona, which likely has many troops. But we don't need to take it. The other enemy villages are unexplored. They might have various troops. We need a balanced army.

Let's plan the attack. We have 4 neutrals. We can try to attack all 4 this turn? But we only have 5 villages that can send troops. We can send from each village. But we need to ensure we win each attack. Let's see if we can win against all 4 with the troops we have, while leaving some troops for defense.

We can send:
- From Lisboa: attack Badajoz? Or Salamanca? Lisboa can beat Badajoz with 15 effective, or Sevilha with 15, or Salamanca with 2 knights + something (13.5). But we need to choose.
- From Santarem: 4 spear. Not enough for any alone (6 vs 8, 4 vs 10, etc). So Santarem alone cannot conquer anything. We could send from Santarem to reinforce another village? But reinforcements go to our own villages. We could send Santarem's troops to Lisboa or somewhere to combine? But they never add up when marching from different villages. So we can't combine them for a single attack. However, we could send Santarem's troops to a village we own, and then next turn send from that village with the combined garrison? Actually, if we send troops to a village we own, they join that village's garrison as reinforcements. Then next turn, that village can send a larger army. So we can reinforce a village to prepare for a future attack. That might be useful.

- From Evora: can beat Badajoz (13.5), Sevilha (13.5), or Salamanca? Against Salamanca, Evora's attack is 9 without bonus, lose. With bonus? To get bonus, need knight most numerous. Evora has 1 knight, 3 spear, 1 arch. If we send only the knight and maybe some others to make knight most numerous? We can send 1 knight and 0 others? That's 4 attack, effective 6, lose. Send 1 knight and 1 archer? Then most numerous tie: archer wins tie? Actually, tie between knight and archer: archer is higher in tie order? Order: spearman, archer, knight. So archer beats knight. So most numerous archer. Archer does not counter archer. Attack=6, effective=6, lose. Send 1 knight and 1 spearman? Most numerous tie: spearman vs knight? Spearman wins tie. So most numerous spearman. No bonus. Attack=5, effective=5, lose. So Evora cannot beat Salamanca effectively. It could beat Badajoz or Sevilha.

- From Coimbra: similar to Evora. Can beat Badajoz or Sevilha.

- From Faro: can beat Badajoz (16.5), Sevilha (16.5), or Salamanca (11 without bonus, but win). Also can beat Porto? Porto is not connected to Faro directly. Porto is connected to Coimbra, Salamanca, Vigo. So to attack Porto, we need to send from Coimbra or Salamanca? But Salamanca is neutral, we don't own it. So we can only attack Porto from Coimbra. From Coimbra, march to Porto: 1 turn. Coimbra's troops: 3 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight. Against Porto (3 knights, def 8): most numerous spearman, counters knight, attack=9, effective=13.5, win. So Coimbra can beat Porto.

So we have multiple options. We need to decide which neutrals to attack and from where.

We also need to consider that after we conquer a neutral, it becomes ours. Then we can use its resources and troops next turn. But we also need to garrison it. The attacking troops that survive will stay there? The rules: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So our troops suffer losses. The survivors probably become the garrison. So we might lose some troops. We need to ensure we have enough left to defend our other villages.

Let's estimate losses. The rule doesn't give a formula, but typically in such games, losses are a fraction of the loser's force. Since the effective defense is 8, our losses might be around 8? But our troops have health? Not specified. We'll assume we lose some troops but not all. We need to be cautious.

We have 24 troops. If we send, say, 9 troops from Evora to Badajoz, we might lose a few. We can then build more next turn.

Maybe we should attack the easiest neutrals first: Badajoz and Porto, which have lower defense (8). Salamanca and Sevilha have 10. Also, we want to expand our territory. We need 13 more villages. There are 4 neutrals here, and 15 unexplored. Some unexplored might be enemy. We should try to capture as many as possible.

We can attack 2 neutrals this turn: for example, Badajoz from Faro, and Porto from Coimbra. That uses Faro and Coimbra. Then we can use Lisboa, Santarem, Evora for something else. Lisboa could attack Sevilha? But Sevilha is far from Lisboa? The road: Lisboa connected to Santarem and Evora. To reach Sevilha, we need to go through Faro or Badajoz? Sevilha is connected to Badajoz, Faro, Cordoba. So from Lisboa, we could go via Evora -> Faro -> Sevilha? But that's multiple hops. The march time would be longer. The report gives march from Faro to Sevilha: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns. So from Lisboa, it would take even longer. We want to attack this turn, so we should use villages that are close.

Let's list the possible attacks with 1-turn march (or known march times):
- Badajoz: from Faro (1 turn), from Santarem (likely 1 turn? Not given, but connected). We can send from Faro or Santarem.
- Porto: from Coimbra (1 turn).
- Salamanca: from Coimbra (2 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns). So if we send from Coimbra with slow troops, it takes 2 turns. If we send only fast/medium, 1 turn. But Coimbra has spearman (slow). So if we include spearman, it takes 2 turns. We could send only archer and knight? But we need enough attack. Coimbra has 1 archer, 1 knight. If we send both, attack=2+4=6, most numerous? 1 archer, 1 knight: tie, archer wins. Archer does not counter archer? Defender is archer. No bonus. Effective 6 vs 10, lose. So we need more. So we likely need to include spearman, which takes 2 turns. So attacking Salamanca from Coimbra takes 2 turns. We could send from elsewhere? From Porto? Porto is neutral. From Badajoz? Neutral. So only Coimbra is close enough to attack Salamanca? Actually, Salamanca is connected to Coimbra, Porto, Badajoz, Madrid. We own Coimbra. So we can attack from Coimbra. But it takes 2 turns if we send slow troops. That means the attack will arrive next turn? Actually, if we order it this turn, it takes 2 turns to arrive, so it will arrive on turn 7? The turn we are on is 5. If we send a 2-turn march, it arrives at the beginning of turn 7? The rules: "Marching takes turns, and during those turns the enemy keeps building and moving." So if we send a 2-turn march, it will arrive on turn 7. But we need to consider that the defender's defense might change by then. The report says: "The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival." So we need to be careful.

- Sevilha: from Faro (2 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns). So also 2 turns if we include slow troops.

So if we want to attack this turn (i.e., orders that will execute and arrive soon), we should focus on 1-turn marches: Badajoz from Faro or Santarem, Porto from Coimbra. Also, we could attack from Lisboa? Lisboa to Badajoz? Lisboa -> Santarem -> Badajoz: that's 2 hops? Actually, road network: Lisboa connected to Santarem and Evora. Santarem connected to Badajoz. So from Lisboa to Badajoz, we must go through Santarem. The march time would be the sum of the two legs? The rules: "Armies march along the ROAD NETWORK that connects the villages... Travel time is measured along the roads." So it's the total distance. We don't have the distances for all legs. The report only gives from our nearest village. For Badajoz, it gives from Faro: 1 turn. It doesn't give from Santarem. But we can assume from Santarem it's also 1 turn? Possibly. But from Lisboa, it would be Lisboa->Santarem (1 turn?) + Santarem->Badajoz (1 turn) = 2 turns. So it would take 2 turns. So to attack quickly, we should use villages directly connected to the target.

So this turn, we can realistically attack Badajoz (from Faro or Santarem) and Porto (from Coimbra) with 1-turn marches. We could also attack something else? What about our own villages? We can send reinforcements to our own villages to prepare for future attacks. For example, send troops from Santarem to Lisboa to combine? But they don't combine for attack unless they are in the same village. So we could send troops from Santarem to Lisboa, and then next turn Lisboa can send a larger army. But that delays.

We need to decide on a strategy. Since we need 18 villages, we should expand aggressively. We have 5 villages, we can try to get 2 more this turn by taking Badajoz and Porto. Then we'll have 7. Next turn, we can take Salamanca and Sevilha, etc.

But we also need to consider building. We should build troops to replenish and grow. Let's check resources:
Lisboa: wood 30, iron 40. Can build, say, 2 knights (cost 30 wood, 30 iron each? Actually knight costs 30 wood + 30 iron. So Lisboa can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and have 0 wood, 10 iron left. Or build spearmen: 15 wood, 0 iron. So with 30 wood, can build 2 spearmen. With 40 iron, can build 1 knight (30 iron) and have 10 iron left, or build archers (20 wood, 10 iron): can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and have 10 wood, 30 iron left. We need to decide what to build based on our needs.

Santarem: wood 30, iron 60. Can build 2 spearmen (30 wood), or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and have 0 wood, 30 iron, or 3 archers? Archer: 20 wood, 10 iron. With 30 wood, can build 1 archer (20 wood) and have 10 wood; with 60 iron, can build 6 archers? But wood limits. So max 1 archer if we use 20 wood. Or we can build 1 knight and 1 archer? Knight 30 wood, 30 iron; archer 20 wood, 10 iron; total 50 wood > 30. So no. We can build 2 spearmen (30 wood, 0 iron) and have 0 wood, 60 iron. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and have 0 wood, 30 iron. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and have 10 wood, 50 iron. Or combination: 1 spear (15 wood) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 35 wood > 30. So not. So Santarem can build at most 2 spearmen, or 1 knight, or 1 archer, or some spears and leave wood? Actually, we can build 1 spear (15 wood) and have 15 wood left, but no other troop uses only wood? Archer uses wood and iron. So we could build 1 spear and 1 archer? 15+20=35 wood >30. So no. So Santarem's build options are limited by wood.

Evora: wood 30, iron 60. Same as Santarem.

Coimbra: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build anything this turn. It will produce 30 wood, 20 iron next turn, so it can build the turn after.

Faro: same, 0 resources.

So we can build in Lisboa, Santarem, Evora. We should build troops that we need. We need more spearman because they are cheap and counter knights. But we also need knights for speed and against archers. We have unexplored enemy villages that might have any type.

Let's plan the attacks and builds.

I propose:
- Attack Badajoz from Faro. Send all available from Faro? Faro has 3 spear, 2 arch, 1 knight. That's 6 troops. Attack = 11, effective 16.5 vs 8, win. But we might take losses. We could send fewer to save troops. For example, send only 3 spear and 1 knight? Then most numerous spearman (3) vs knight (1): spearman most numerous, counters knight. Attack = 3*1 + 1*4 = 7, effective 10.5 > 8, win. That uses 4 troops. Or send 3 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight? That's 5 troops, attack 9? Actually 3*1+1*2+1*4=9, effective 13.5. We want to minimize losses while ensuring victory. The losses are proportional to defender's effective force. So if we win by a larger margin, we might lose fewer? Actually, the rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." It doesn't say the margin affects our losses. It says attrition against the loser's effective force. So our losses are based on the defender's effective force, not our own. So if we win, we lose some troops regardless of our attack size, as long as we win. But maybe the number of troops we lose is a function of the defender's force? Possibly we lose a number of troops equal to some fraction of the defender's effective force. Since the defender's effective force is fixed (8 for Badajoz), our losses might be similar whether we attack with 10 or 15 effective. But we also need to consider that if we send too few, we might still win but lose the same number, but we have fewer troops total, so it's a bigger percentage. But we want to preserve troops for future attacks. So we should send a minimal force that still wins with counter bonus? Actually, we don't necessarily need the counter bonus if we have enough raw attack. For Badajoz, def 8. Without bonus, we need raw attack > 8. With bonus, we need raw attack *1.5 > 8 => raw attack > 5.33, so at least 6. So we can win with a smaller raw attack if we have the counter bonus. So using the counter bonus allows us to send fewer troops. So we should try to get the counter bonus to conserve troops.

For Badajoz, to get counter bonus, we need spearman most numerous. The smallest spearman-heavy force that can win: we need raw attack >= 6. Spearman attack 1, knight attack 4. If we send 2 spearmen and 1 knight: attack = 2+4=6, most numerous spearman (2 vs 1), counters knight, effective 9 > 8. That's 3 troops. Or 3 spearmen: attack 3, effective 4.5, lose. 4 spearmen: attack 4, effective 6, lose. 6 spearmen: attack 6, effective 9, win. But we don't have 6 spearmen in one village. Faro has 3 spearmen. So we can send 3 spearmen and maybe 1 knight? That gives attack 7, effective 10.5. Or 2 spearmen and 1 knight from somewhere? But we need to send from one village. From Faro, we have 3 spear, 2 arch, 1 knight. We can send a subset. We can send 2 spear and 1 knight? That's attack 6, effective 9, win. That uses 3 troops. We can send 3 spear and 1 knight? Attack 7, effective 10.5. We can send 3 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight? Attack 9, effective 13.5. To minimize troops sent, we should send the smallest winning stack. But we also need to consider that the troops we send will suffer losses. If we send only 3 troops, and we lose, say, 1 or 2, we might have nothing left to garrison the village. But after conquering, the surviving troops become the garrison. So we want to send enough that after losses, we still have a garrison. But we can also send reinforcements later.

We also need to consider that we might want to attack multiple villages. We have 5 villages that can send troops. We can send from each. So we could attack Badajoz from Faro with a small stack, Porto from Coimbra with a small stack, and maybe something else from Lisboa, Santarem, Evora.

Let's design a plan:

Turn 5 orders:
- Build troops: we need to increase our army. We should build spearmen because they are cheap and counter knights. Also build some knights for anti-archer. But we have limited wood. Let's build in each village according to its resources.
- Lisboa: wood 30, iron 40. We can build 2 spearmen (30 wood) and have 0 wood, 40 iron. Or build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and have 0 wood, 10 iron. Or build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and have 10 wood, 30 iron. We need more troops. I think building spearmen is good because they are cheap and we need many. But we also need to consider that we might want to build knights to counter archers later. Let's build 2 spearmen in Lisboa. That uses all wood. We still have 40 iron, which can be used next turn for something else.
- Santarem: wood 30, iron 60. Build 2 spearmen (30 wood). Leaves 60 iron.
- Evora: wood 30, iron 60. Build 2 spearmen (30 wood). Leaves 60 iron.
- Coimbra: cannot build.
- Faro: cannot build.

So we build 6 spearmen total. They will be available next turn.

Now attacks:
We want to conquer Badajoz and Porto. Let's assign:
- Faro to Badajoz. Send a force that can win with counter bonus. We have 3 spear, 2 arch, 1 knight. To get counter bonus, we need spearman most numerous. We can send 2 spear and 1 knight: attack 6, effective 9 > 8. That uses 2 spear, 1 knight. We have 3 spear, so we can send 2 spear and 1 knight, leaving 1 spear, 2 arch, 0 knight in Faro. Or we could send 3 spear and 1 knight: attack 7, effective 10.5. That uses 3 spear, 1 knight, leaving 0 spear, 2 arch, 0 knight. Which is better? If we leave 1 spear, Faro still has some defense. But we might want to keep more troops for future. Since we are building more spearmen next turn, we can afford to send more now. But we also need to consider that after the battle, our troops suffer losses. If we send 3 spear and 1 knight, we might lose some, and Faro will have fewer survivors. But the survivors will be in Badajoz as garrison. So it's okay. Let's send 3 spear, 1 knight from Faro to Badajoz. That's 4 troops. Attack = 3*1 + 4 = 7, effective 10.5. Win.

- Coimbra to Porto. Porto has 3 knights, def 8. Coimbra has 3 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight. To get counter bonus, spearman most numerous. We can send 2 spear and 1 knight: attack 6, effective 9 > 8. Or 3 spear and 1 knight: attack 7, effective 10.5. Let's send 3 spear, 1 knight from Coimbra to Porto. That uses 3 spear, 1 knight, leaving 0 spear, 1 arch, 0 knight in Coimbra. Or we could send 2 spear, 1 knight to leave 1 spear, 1 arch, 0 knight. But Coimbra is interior, no enemy border? It says INTERIOR (no enemy border). So it's safe from enemy attack for now. But we might want to keep some troops there to defend if we expand and the enemy becomes near. For now, it's safe. So we can send most. Let's send 3 spear, 1 knight from Coimbra to Porto.

Now we have Lisboa, Santarem, Evora left. We can use them to attack something else, or reinforce, or just build and stay. We could attack Salamanca or Sevilha, but they are 2 turns away if we include slow troops. We could send from Lisboa to Salamanca? Lisboa to Salamanca: road? Lisboa -> Santarem -> ? Actually, Salamanca is connected to Coimbra, Porto, Badajoz, Madrid. From Lisboa, we can go Lisboa -> Santarem -> Badajoz -> Salamanca? That's 3 hops. Or Lisboa -> Santarem -> Coimbra -> Salamanca? That's also 3. So it would take multiple turns. Not good for a quick attack.

We could send from Lisboa to Sevilha? Lisboa -> Evora -> Faro -> Sevilha? 3 hops. Or Lisboa -> Santarem -> Badajoz -> Sevilha? 3 hops. So also long.

What about attacking from Santarem? Santarem is connected to Badajoz. If we conquer Badajoz, then next turn we can attack from there. So we could send Santarem's troops to Badajoz as reinforcement? But they would have to march to Badajoz, which takes 1 turn. They would arrive after the attack from Faro? Actually, if we send from Faro to Badajoz and from Santarem to Badajoz, they would arrive on the same turn? The march times: from Faro it's 1 turn. From Santarem, we don't know the exact time, but likely also 1 turn since they are connected. So they could arrive simultaneously. But the rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if we send from both, they will fight sequentially. The first send (say from Faro) will fight the garrison. If it wins, the garrison is destroyed, and then the second send (from Santarem) arrives and fights... what? The village is now ours? Actually, if the first send wins, the village is conquered. The second send arrives and finds it conquered? The rules: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So if we send from Santarem to Badajoz, and Badajoz is neutral, it will stop and fight. If the first send has already conquered it by the time the second send arrives? But they arrive on the same turn? The rules: "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." So all our orders are executed simultaneously. The battles happen? The rules don't specify the order of simultaneous battles. But it says "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So there is an order. Probably the order is decided by something. But if both are attacking the same neutral, the first one to fight will fight the full garrison. If it wins, the garrison is gone, so the second one might not have to fight? Or it might fight the survivors? Actually, if the first send wins, the village becomes ours. The second send is still marching? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there." If the village becomes ours before the second army arrives, does it stop? The second army was ordered to that village. When it arrives, if the village is now ours, it would not stop? The rule says "the first village on its path that is not yours". If it is now ours, it might not stop. But they are simultaneous, so it's ambiguous. Typically in such games, if you send multiple armies to the same target, they fight sequentially, and the first one's victory might make the second one unnecessary, but they still march and join the garrison. However, the rule explicitly says they never add up for the battle. So the second army would fight the remaining troops after the first battle? But if the first battle won, there are no troops left. So the second army would just march in and reinforce without a battle? That seems plausible. But we need to be careful: the rule says "each send fights alone, one at a time." So if we send two sends to the same neutral, the first send fights the garrison. If it wins, the village is conquered. Then the second send arrives and finds no enemy, so it just reinforces. That could be a way to send reinforcements immediately. But we need to know the order. Since we don't control the order, it might be random or based on something. To be safe, we should not rely on sending multiple sends to the same target unless we intend to fight sequentially. But if we send a small force first to conquer, and a larger force second to reinforce, we might waste the larger force's battle if the first one loses? Actually, if the first send loses, the second send will fight the same garrison (which might be reinforced? No, the garrison doesn't change during the turn because the enemy doesn't act until next turn? Actually, the enemy writes orders simultaneously, so the neutral village doesn't get reinforcements this turn unless we order them? Neutral villages harden with time every 5 turns. It's turn 5, so they might have hardened? The rule: "Neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type." So on turn 5, they might have gained +1? The report says: "effective defense (location bonus included): 8 (was 5, 4 turns ago)". So 4 turns ago it was 5, now 8. That means it gained troops? Actually, 3 knights with defense 2 each: 3*2=6, village bonus x1.25 = 7.5 -> 8. So 3 knights. "was 5, 4 turns ago" means 4 turns ago effective defense was 5. That would be 2 knights? 2*2=4, x1.25=5. So it gained 1 knight. So the hardening happens every 5 turns? It says "every 5 turns", so on turn 5, they might have just hardened? Or maybe they hardened on turn 0? The report says "was 5, 4 turns ago" so on turn 1 it was 5? Actually, we are on turn 5. "4 turns ago" means turn 1. So from turn 1 to turn 5, it went from 5 to 8. That's an increase of 3? Not sure. Anyway, they are currently 3 knights.

So if we send two sends, the first one fights the 3 knights. If it wins, the second send doesn't fight. So we could send a minimal force to take the village, and then send the rest as reinforcements. But we need to ensure the first force wins. So we can use one village to send a small winning stack, and another village to send the rest of its troops to the same target as reinforcements. That way, the troops from the second village don't risk a battle, and they join the garrison of the newly conquered village. That could be an efficient way to move troops forward.

For example, send from Faro a small stack to Badajoz (2 spear, 1 knight) to conquer it. Send from Santarem all 4 spear to Badajoz as reinforcements. They will march and if Badajoz is conquered by the time they arrive, they just join. But they arrive on the same turn? The march times: from Faro 1 turn, from Santarem likely 1 turn. So they arrive simultaneously. The order of battles: we don't know which fights first. If Santarem's fight first, they fight the garrison with 4 spear (effective 6) and lose. Then Faro's fight the same garrison (still 3 knights) and win? But if Santarem loses, their troops are destroyed. Then Faro's win, but they take losses. So we would lose Santarem's troops for nothing. So we need to ensure the conquering force fights first. Since we don't control the order, it's risky. The rule says "each send fights alone, one at a time." It doesn't specify the order. In some implementations, the order might be based on the order we list them, or by village id, or something. To be safe, we should not send multiple sends to the same neutral target unless we are confident they all can win individually, or we don't care about losses. Alternatively, we can send reinforcements to a village we already own, which is safe.

So I'll avoid sending multiple attacks to the same neutral. Instead, we can send reinforcements to our own villages to prepare for future attacks.

Let's plan:
- Faro: send 3 spear, 1 knight to Badajoz. (Attack 7, effective 10.5, win). Leave 2 arch, 0 knight? Actually Faro has 3 spear, 2 arch, 1 knight. If we send 3 spear and 1 knight, we leave 0 spear, 2 arch, 0 knight. So Faro's remaining troops: 2 archers. That's a weak defense, but Faro is interior and no enemy nearby.
- Coimbra: send 3 spear, 1 knight to Porto. (Attack 7, effective 10.5, win). Leave 0 spear, 1 arch, 0 knight. Coimbra has 1 archer left.
- Lisboa: we can send troops to reinforce Santarem or Evora, or keep them. We could send Lisboa's troops to Santarem, because Santarem is close to Badajoz, and next turn we can attack from Santarem. Lisboa has 2 spear, 2 knight. We can send them to Santarem. Santarem currently has 4 spear. If we send Lisboa's 2 spear and 2 knight, Santarem will have 6 spear, 2 knight. That's a strong army. They will march from Lisboa to Santarem: road directly connected? Lisboa [0] connected to [1] Santarem. So march time? Not given, but likely 1 turn. So they will arrive next turn. That's good.
- Santarem: we could send its troops somewhere. Santarem has 4 spear. We could send them to Badajoz as reinforcement? But as discussed, risky. Instead, we can send Santarem's troops to Lisboa? That would be backwards. Or we can keep them in Santarem. Since we are sending Lisboa's troops to Santarem, Santarem will have more troops. We could order Santarem to build and then send? But we already have build orders. We can also send Santarem's troops to Coimbra? Coimbra is connected to Santarem? Road: [1] Santarem: [0], [3], [4]. [3] is Coimbra. So yes, Santarem connected to Coimbra. So we could send Santarem's 4 spear to Coimbra to reinforce it. Coimbra is close to Porto and Salamanca. That might be useful. But Coimbra just sent its troops to Porto. If we send Santarem's troops to Coimbra, they will arrive next turn. Then Coimbra can attack Salamanca or something. That seems good.
- Evora: has 3 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight. We could send them to Faro? Faro is connected to Evora? [2] Evora: [0], [5]. [5] is Faro. So yes. We can send Evora's troops to Faro to reinforce it. Faro will then have more troops for future attacks (like Sevilha). Or we could send Evora's troops to Lisboa? But Lisboa is already sending to Santarem. Let's think about the big picture.

We need to expand to 18 villages. We have 5, taking Badajoz and Porto gives 7. Then we need 11 more from the unexplored. The unexplored include: [8] Toledo, [10] Vigo, [11] Cordoba, [13] Teruel, [12] Madrid, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza, [16] Valencia, [15] Murcia, [18] Castellon, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona, [23] Girona. That's 15 villages. Some are enemy, some may be neutral. We need to capture 11 of them. That's a lot. We need to build a large army.

We should focus on building troops and moving them forward. Since we can only build in 3 villages this turn, we should build as many as possible. We already planned to build 2 spearmen in each of Lisboa, Santarem, Evora. That's 6 spearmen. Next turn, those will be available. Also, after we conquer Badajoz and Porto, they will have resources? They start with 0? Actually, when we conquer a neutral, do we get its resources? The report for our newly conquered villages (Coimbra and Faro) shows wood 0, iron 0, but they produce +30/+20. So they start with 0. So Badajoz and Porto will have 0 resources next turn. But they might have some troops? The garrison was destroyed. Our surviving troops will be there. So we can use them.

We need to decide on movements. Let's list the orders:

Builds:
- Lisboa: build 2 spearman.
- Santarem: build 2 spearman.
- Evora: build 2 spearman.

Movements:
- From Faro to Badajoz: send 3 spearman, 1 knight. (We need to specify the exact numbers. Faro has 3 spear, 2 arch, 1 knight. We send 3 spear, 1 knight. That's valid.)
- From Coimbra to Porto: send 3 spearman, 1 knight. (Coimbra has 3 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight. Send 3 spear, 1 knight.)
- From Lisboa to Santarem: send 2 spearman, 2 knight? Actually, Lisboa has 2 spear, 0 arch, 2 knight. We can send all of them to Santarem to reinforce. That's 2 spear, 2 knight. They will march to Santarem (1 turn). Santarem will then have its own 4 spear + 2 spear + 2 knight = 6 spear, 2 knight, plus the 2 spear we are building there? Wait, builds this turn happen at the village, so Santarem will build 2 spear, so its total at home next turn will be: current 4 spear + 2 built = 6 spear, plus the reinforcements from Lisboa arriving? The reinforcements arrive next turn? Actually, march takes 1 turn. If we send from Lisboa this turn, they will arrive at the beginning of next turn? The timing: we are on turn 5. We give orders. The orders are executed simultaneously. The builds take 1 turn, so they will be available at the start of turn 6? Or at the end of turn 5? Typically, builds are completed at the end of the turn, so they are available for movement on the next turn. Marching takes time: if it's a 1-turn march, they arrive at the beginning of the next turn? The rules: "Marching takes turns, and during those turns the enemy keeps building and moving." So if we order a 1-turn march on turn 5, they will be on the march during turn 5? Actually, the report shows "march from [x]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That likely means the journey takes that many turns. If we send them now, they will arrive at the start of turn 6? Or at the end of turn 5? The exact timing might affect when they can be used. We need to be consistent. In the previous turn, we attacked Coimbra and Faro and they were conquered. The report says "You attacked [3] Coimbra: VICTORY, conquered" and "You attacked [5] Faro: VICTORY, conquered". So those attacks happened last turn. Now we are on turn 5, and we see the results. So attacks ordered on turn 4 resulted in conquest on turn 4? Or turn 5? The report says "These numbers are from TURN 5." So the state is at the start of turn 5? Or after turn 4 actions? Typically, the report shows the state at the beginning of the turn, after the previous turn's movements and builds. So the attacks we ordered last turn have already happened, and we have the new villages. The troops we sent last turn are now either destroyed or in the village. So the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" are the troops that are currently at home in each village. So if we send troops this turn, they will march and arrive at the start of turn 6 (if 1-turn march) or later. The builds we order this turn will be available at the start of turn 6? Or at the end of turn 5? The rules: "spearman: costs 15 wood + 0 iron, ready in 1 turn." So if we order on turn 5, they are ready on turn 6. So they can be sent on turn 6. So for our movements this turn, we can only send troops that are currently at home (the ones listed). The reinforcements from Lisboa to Santarem will arrive at the start of turn 6? If it's a 1-turn march, they leave turn 5, arrive turn 6. So on turn 6, Santarem will have the reinforcements. But Santarem's builds this turn will also be ready on turn 6. So on turn 6, Santarem will have: current 4 spear + 2 built + 2 from Lisboa? But wait, the 2 from Lisboa are already at Santarem? No, they are at Lisboa. We send them, so they leave Lisboa. So on turn 6, Lisboa will have 0 of those, and Santarem will have them. So that's fine.

Now, what about Evora? We can send Evora's troops to Faro. Evora has 3 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight. Faro is connected. We can send them to reinforce Faro. Faro will then have its remaining troops (2 arch) plus the reinforcements. But Faro just sent most of its troops to Badajoz. So Faro will have only 2 arch left at home. If we send Evora's troops to Faro, they will arrive next turn. Then Faro can be used to attack Sevilha or something.

What about Santarem? We are sending Lisboa's troops to Santarem. Santarem currently has 4 spear. We could also send Santarem's own troops somewhere? But if we send them away, they won't be there to receive the reinforcements. We want to build up Santarem as a strong base. So we should keep Santarem's troops there. We can order Santarem to do nothing except build.

What about Coimbra? We are sending its troops to Porto. Coimbra will have 1 arch left. We could send Santarem's troops to Coimbra to reinforce it. But we already have Santarem receiving from Lisboa. Maybe we should send Santarem's original 4 spear to Coimbra? That would leave Santarem with only the incoming Lisboa troops. But then Santarem would have 2 spear, 2 knight (from Lisboa) and 2 built spear = 4 spear, 2 knight? Actually, if we send Santarem's 4 spear to Coimbra, then Santarem's home troops become 0. Then Lisboa's 2 spear, 2 knight arrive, so Santarem has 2 spear, 2 knight. Plus 2 built spear = 4 spear, 2 knight. That's decent. Coimbra would get 4 spear, plus its own 1 arch, and the 2 spear we build? No, we aren't building in Coimbra. So Coimbra would have 4 spear, 1 arch. That's a good force for attacking Salamanca next turn.

Alternatively, we could send Santarem's troops to Badajoz as reinforcement? But as said, risky.

Let's think about the enemy. We don't see any enemy armies. They might be massing somewhere. We need to be ready to defend our villages. Our villages are interior, no enemy border. So they are safe for now. But as we expand, we will border enemy villages. We should keep a mobile reserve.

Maybe we should not send all troops from Lisboa to Santarem. We could keep some in Lisboa for defense. Lisboa is the capital, so it's valuable. We could send only 2 spear from Lisboa, keeping the 2 knights for defense? But knights are expensive and slow? Actually, knights are fast. For defense, we want a mix. Let's check the effective defense of Lisboa: it says effective defense 12 with 4 troops (2 spear, 2 knight). If we send 2 spear, 2 knight, its defense will drop. The enemy might attack it if they get close. But currently no enemy is near. So it might be safe to send them.

I think we should be aggressive and move troops forward to conquer more villages. We need 18 villages. We have 5, taking 2 neutrals gives 7. Next turn we can take more. We should build up our army.

Let's finalize the plan:

Builds:
- Lisboa: 2 spearman (uses 30 wood, 0 iron? Actually spearman costs 15 wood, 0 iron. So 2 spearman costs 30 wood. Lisboa has 30 wood, 40 iron. So after build, wood 0, iron 40.)
- Santarem: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood, Santarem has 30 wood, 60 iron -> wood 0, iron 60)
- Evora: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood, Evora has 30 wood, 60 iron -> wood 0, iron 60)

Movements:
- Faro -> Badajoz: 3 spearman, 1 knight. (Faro: 3 spear, 2 arch, 1 knight -> send 3 spear, 1 knight. Leave 2 arch.)
- Coimbra -> Porto: 3 spearman, 1 knight. (Coimbra: 3 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight -> send 3 spear, 1 knight. Leave 1 arch.)
- Lisboa -> Santarem: 2 spearman, 2 knight. (Lisboa: 2 spear, 0 arch, 2 knight -> send all. Leave 0.)
- Evora -> Faro: 3 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. (Evora: 3 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight -> send all. Leave 0.)
- Santarem -> Coimbra: 4 spearman. (Santarem: 4 spear, 0 arch, 0 knight -> send all 4 spear. Leave 0.)

Wait, if we send Santarem's 4 spear to Coimbra, then Santarem will have 0 troops at home initially, but then the reinforcements from Lisboa arrive? They arrive next turn. So on turn 6, Santarem will have the 2 built spear + 2 spear + 2 knight from Lisboa? Actually, the builds are at Santarem, so on turn 6, Santarem will have the 2 newly built spear at home, plus the incoming 2 spear and 2 knight from Lisboa. So total 4 spear, 2 knight. That's okay. But during turn 5, Santarem's home defense will be 0 after we send the 4 spear. But the enemy doesn't attack during the turn? The turn is simultaneous. The enemy might attack Santarem if they have troops nearby. But we don't see any enemy armies. The road network: Santarem is connected to Lisboa, Coimbra, Badajoz. Badajoz is neutral. Coimbra is ours. So no enemy near. So it's safe.

What about Coimbra? We send 3 spear, 1 knight to Porto. Coimbra leaves 1 arch. Then Santarem's 4 spear arrive? They will arrive on turn 6. So on turn 6, Coimbra will have 1 arch + 4 spear = 5 troops. That's good.

What about Faro? We send 3 spear, 1 knight to Badajoz. Faro leaves 2 arch. Then Evora's troops arrive on turn 6: 3 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight. So Faro will have 2 arch + 3 spear + 1 arch + 1 knight = 3 spear, 3 arch, 1 knight? Actually, 2 arch + 1 arch = 3 arch. So total 3 spear, 3 arch, 1 knight. That's a strong garrison.

What about Lisboa? We send all troops. Lisboa will have 0 troops at home on turn 5. But we built 2 spear there, which will be ready on turn 6. So on turn 6, Lisboa will have 2 spear. That's weak. But Lisboa is the capital, and it's interior. The enemy is far. We might want to keep some troops there. Maybe we should not send all from Lisboa. We could send only 2 spear and 1 knight, keeping 1 knight for defense. Or we could send nothing from Lisboa and just build. But we need to move troops forward. Since we have builds, next turn we will have more troops. Let's keep 1 knight in Lisboa for now. So from Lisboa, send 2 spear, 1 knight. Leave 1 knight. Lisboa will have 1 knight at home, plus 2 built spear next turn = 1 knight, 2 spear. That's okay.

Similarly, from Evora, we could keep some troops. But we are sending all to Faro. Evora is interior, but it's close to Faro and Sevilha. Maybe we should keep some in Evora to defend or attack Sevilha later. But we can also send from Evora to Faro and then next turn from Faro to Sevilha. It's fine.

Let's adjust:
- Lisboa -> Santarem: send 2 spear, 1 knight. Leave 1 knight in Lisboa.
- Santarem -> Coimbra: send 4 spear. (Santarem will have 0, but gets reinforcements from Lisboa and builds.)
- Evora -> Faro: send all (3 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight). Leave 0.
- Faro -> Badajoz: send 3 spear, 1 knight. Leave 2 arch.
- Coimbra -> Porto: send 3 spear, 1 knight. Leave 1 arch.

Now check resources for builds: we have enough.

We also need to consider that we might want to build something other than spearmen. We have a lot of iron. We could build knights or archers. But spearmen are cheap and counter knights. Since many neutrals have knights, spearmen are good. We also need to consider the enemy capital and other enemy villages. They might have archers or knights. We should build a mix. But we have limited wood. In Lisboa, after building 2 spearmen, we have 40 iron. Next turn we could build something using iron. In Santarem and Evora, we have 60 iron each. So next turn we can build knights or archers if we have wood. But next turn, the villages we conquer will produce wood and iron. So we will have more resources.

I think building spearmen is fine for now.

Now, let's write the plan and statement.

Plan: We need to note what we are doing for next turn. We should write: "Conquer Badajoz and Porto with spearman-led forces. Reinforce Santarem and Coimbra with troops from Lisboa and Santarem. Build spearmen in Lisboa, Santarem, Evora. Next turn, assess newly conquered villages and continue expanding towards Madrid and Toledo."

Statement: Tell the audience what we did. "I have ordered my armies to attack the neutral villages of Badajoz and Porto, sending spearman and knight forces to exploit their counter weakness. I have also moved troops from Lisbon to Santarem and from Santarem to Coimbra to consolidate my territory, and from Evora to Faro to strengthen the southern front. My blacksmiths are forging new spearmen in three villages to swell my ranks."

We need to ensure the JSON is valid. The fields: build, movements, plan, statement.

Build: list of objects with villageId, type, quantity.
Movements: list of objects with fromId, toId, troops (object with spearman, archer, knight keys).

We need to use the correct village ids: Lisboa is 0, Santarem 1, Evora 2, Coimbra 3, Faro 5. Badajoz is 4, Porto is 6.

So:
build: [
  {"villageId": 0, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 1, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 2, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
]

movements: [
  {"fromId": 5, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
  {"fromId": 3, "toId": 6, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
  {"fromId": 0, "toId": 1, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
  {"fromId": 1, "toId": 3, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
  {"fromId": 2, "toId": 5, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 1, "knight": 1}}
]

Wait, check the troop counts: Faro has 3 spear, 2 arch, 1 knight. We send 3 spear, 1 knight. That's valid. Coimbra has 3 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight. Send 3 spear, 1 knight. Lisboa has 2 spear, 0 arch, 2 knight. We send 2 spear, 1 knight. That leaves 1 knight. Santarem has 4 spear, 0 arch, 0 knight. Send 4 spear. Evora has 3 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight. Send all 3 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight.

Now, we need to make sure we don't send more than available. All good.

Now, plan and statement texts.

Plan: "This turn I conquer Badajoz and Porto with spearman-knight forces, exploiting the counter triangle. I reinforce Santarem from Lisbon, Santarem to Coimbra, and Evora to Faro to build up my core villages. I build 2 spearmen in Lisbon, Santarem, and Evora. Next turn I will assess the new territories and push towards Salamanca and Sevilha, then expand into the unexplored interior."

Statement: "My armies have struck at the neutral towns of Badajoz and Porto, leading with spearmen to counter their knights. I have also shifted troops from Lisbon to Santarem, from Santarem to Coimbra, and from Evora to Faro to consolidate my hold on the coast. My forges are working overtime, producing spearmen in three villages to swell my ranks for the next push."

We need to keep plan and statement within 2-4 lines, under 600 characters. They are fine.

Now, let's double-check the combat effectiveness. We should be confident that our attacks will win.

Attack Faro -> Badajoz: 3 spear, 1 knight. Attack values: spear 1, knight 4. Total raw = 3+4=7. Most numerous: spearman (3) vs knight (1). Spearman most numerous. Defender: 3 knights, most numerous knight. Spearman counters knight, so 1.5x bonus. Effective attack = 7 * 1.5 = 10.5. Defender effective defense = 8. 10.5 > 8, win.

Attack Coimbra -> Porto: same composition, same outcome. Porto def 8, win.

Now, the reinforcements: they are moving to our own villages, so no battles. They will arrive and join garrisons.

What about the enemy? They might do something. But we have no info. We'll see next turn.

We should also consider that we might want to send troops to explore unexplored villages. But we can't see them yet. We need to conquer adjacent villages to see further. Our attacks on Badajoz and Porto will reveal villages connected to them. Badajoz is connected to Santarem, Faro, Salamanca, Toledo, Sevilha. So after we conquer it, we will see Salamanca (already seen), Toledo, Sevilha (already seen), and maybe others? Actually, we already see Salamanca and Sevilha because they were visible from our villages? The report says we see villages directly connected to our villages. Badajoz is connected to Santarem and Faro (both ours) so we already see it. After we conquer it, we will see the villages connected to Badajoz that we haven't seen: Toledo [8], and maybe Cordoba? Actually, Sevilha is connected to Badajoz, but we already see Sevilha because it's connected to Faro? The report says we see Sevilha from Faro. So we already see it. So conquering Badajoz will reveal Toledo [8] and maybe others? The road network: Badajoz connected to [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. We already see [1], [5], [7] (Salamanca), [9] (Sevilha). So the only new one is [8] Toledo. So we will discover Toledo.

Porto is connected to Coimbra, Salamanca, Vigo. We already see Coimbra and Salamanca. So conquering Porto will reveal Vigo [10].

So after this turn, we will see Toledo and Vigo. That's good.

Now, we need to write the JSON. The JSON must be valid. We'll output only the JSON.

Let's construct the JSON carefully.

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 5, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 3, "toId": 6, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 0, "toId": 1, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 1, "toId": 3, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 2, "toId": 5, "troops": {"spearman": 3, "archer": 1, "knight": 1}}
  ],
  "plan": "Conquer Badajoz and Porto with spearman-led forces to exploit counter bonus. Reinforce Santarem from Lisbon, Santarem to Coimbra, and Evora to Faro. Build 2 spearmen in Lisbon, Santarem, Evora. Next turn, assess new territories (Toledo, Vigo) and push towards Salamanca and Sevilha.",
  "statement": "My armies have struck at Badajoz and Porto, using spearmen to counter their knights. I have moved troops from Lisbon to Santarem, Santarem to Coimbra, and Evora to Faro to consolidate my territory. My blacksmiths are forging spearmen in three villages to grow my army for the next advance."
}

Check character counts: plan is about 200, statement about 250. Fine.

We need to ensure we use the correct village IDs: 0 Lisboa, 1 Santarem, 2 Evora, 3 Coimbra, 5 Faro. 4 Badajoz, 6 Porto. All good.

One more thing: In the movements, we have fromId 1 (Santarem) toId 3 (Coimbra) with 4 spearman. But Santarem has 4 spearman available. We are also sending from 0 to 1 with 2 spear, 1 knight. That's fine. But note: the troops from 0 to 1 will arrive after the troops from 1 to 3 have left? They are simultaneous. So Santarem sends its 4 spear to Coimbra, and then Lisboa's troops arrive at Santarem later. That's fine.

Also, we are building in Santarem 2 spearman. Those will be ready next turn at Santarem. So Santarem's home garrison next turn will be: 2 built spear + 2 spear + 1 knight from Lisboa = 4 spear, 1 knight. Good.

Coimbra next turn: will have its own 1 arch (leftover) + 4 spear from Santarem = 1 arch, 4 spear. Plus whatever it builds? It builds nothing. So it can attack something.

Faro next turn: will have its own 2 arch + 3 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight from Evora = 3 spear, 3 arch, 1 knight. Good.

Lisboa next turn: will have 1 knight (leftover) + 2 built spear = 1 knight, 2 spear.

Evora next turn: 0, but it built 2 spear, so those will be there? Wait, Evora built 2 spear this turn. They will be ready next turn. But we sent all troops from Evora to Faro. So Evora's home will have 0 troops after sending, but the 2 built spear will be there next turn? Actually, the build happens at the village. If we send all current troops, the village is empty for the rest of the turn. The build completes at the end of the turn? Or at the beginning of next? Typically, "ready in 1 turn" means if you order on turn N, they are available on turn N+1. So on turn 5, we order builds. They will be available at the start of turn 6. The movements on turn 5 send the current troops. So on turn 6, Evora will have the 2 newly built spear at home, because they weren't sent. So Evora will have 2 spear. That's good.

So our army is growing.

Now, we should consider if we need to adjust the builds. We are building 2 spearmen in each of three villages. That uses 30 wood in each. Lisboa has 30 wood, Santarem 30, Evora 30. So they can afford it. They have iron left. So it's valid.

Now, check if any village exceeds the cap of 300 troops. We are far below.

Now, output the JSON.

ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":5,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"lanceiro":3,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":3,"destinoId":6,"tropas":{"lanceiro":3,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":0,"destinoId":1,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":1,"destinoId":3,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":2,"destinoId":5,"tropas":{"lanceiro":3,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":1}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO envio [5]->[4]: 3S+1K (alvo neutra cavaleiro)
ACEITO envio [3]->[6]: 3S+1K (alvo neutra cavaleiro)
ACEITO envio [0]->[1]: 2S+1K
ACEITO envio [1]->[3]: 4S
ACEITO envio [2]->[5]: 3S+1A+1K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Conquer Badajoz and Porto with spearman-led forces to exploit the counter bonus. Reinforce Santarem from Lisbon, Santarem to Coimbra, and Evora to Faro to consolidate my territory. Build 2 spearmen in Lisbon, Santarem, and Evora. Next turn, assess the newly revealed villages (Toledo, Vigo) and push toward Salamanca and Sevilha.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): My armies have struck at the neutral villages of Badajoz and Porto, leading with spearmen to counter their knights. I have also shifted troops from Lisbon to Santarem, from Santarem to Coimbra, and from Evora to Faro to strengthen my core positions. My forges are producing spearmen in three villages to swell my ranks for the next advance.
########## TURNO 5 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3245 | resposta 9503 | raciocinio 7749 | finish stop | ms 130253
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\n      \"villageId\": 22,\n      \"type\": \"spearman\",\n      \"quantity\": 3\n    }\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\n      \"fromId\": 21,\n      \"toId\": 18,\n      \"troops\": {\n        \"spearman\": 2,\n        \"archer\": 2,\n        \"knight\": 3\n      }\n    },\n    {\n      \"fromId\": 22,\n      \"toId\": 21,\n      \"troops\": {\n        \"spearman\": 0,\n        \"archer\": 2,\n        \"knight\": 2\n      }\n    }\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Conquer Castellon this turn using Tarragona's full garrison. Reinforce Tarragona with Barcelona's archers and knights. Build 3 spearmen in Barcelona for next turn's push towards Zaragoza and Huesca. Keep Girona's troops on hold for now.\",\n  \"statement\": \"Ordered the assault on Castellon with my Tarragona forces. Sent reinforcements from Barcelona to Tarragona to secure the frontier and prepare for the next push into Zaragoza. Built 3 spearmen in Barcelona to bolster my spearhead against the northern knights.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B in a strategy game.
Let's analyze the current state (Turn 5):
My villages:
- [22] Barcelona (Capital): wood 50, iron 20, defense 12, troops at home: 4 (4 spearman, 6 archer, 5 knight total in my villages, but let's look at individual available troops).
  - Available at Barcelona: 0 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight.
- [21] Tarragona: wood 0, iron 0, defense 18, troops at home: 7.
  - Available: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight.
- [23] Girona: wood 0, iron 0, defense 10, troops at home: 4.
  - Available: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight.

Total troops at home: 15 (4 spearman, 6 archer, 5 knight).
Wait, the available troops sum up to:
Barcelona: 0 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight
Tarragona: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight
Girona: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight
Total available: 4 spearman, 6 archer, 5 knight.

Let's look at resources:
Barcelona has wood 50, iron 20. It can build troops.
Tarragona has wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.
Girona has wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.

Let's look at the road network and neutral/enemy villages:
Neutral villages nearby:
- [18] Castellon: defense 5, garrison 2 spearmen. March from Tarragona [21]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [17] Zaragoza: defense 8, garrison 3 knights. March from Tarragona [21]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [20] Huesca: defense 8, garrison 3 knights. March from Girona [23]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

Wait, the neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type.
We are on Turn 5.
Let's see if we can attack any of these neutral villages.
Castellon [18]: defense 5, garrison 2 spearmen.
Zaragoza [17]: defense 8, garrison 3 knights.
Huesca [20]: defense 8, garrison 3 knights.

Let's check the combat rules.
Effective force calculation:
When attacking, attacker counts ATTACK, defender counts DEFENSE.
Counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies WHOLE army's force by 1.5.
The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties break in order spearman, archer, knight).
Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village, x1.5 in a castle. But the "effective defense" values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again.
So for Castellon, effective defense is 5. For Zaragoza, it is 8. For Huesca, it is 8.

Let's calculate the attack power of our available troops if we send them:
We have:
Tarragona: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight.
If we send all of them:
Attacking troops:
spearman: attack 1 (total 2)
archer: attack 2 (total 4)
knight: attack 4 (total 12)
Total raw attack = 2 + 4 + 12 = 18.
Wait! What is the most numerous type? Knight (3). So the counter matchup is set by Knight.
Knight counters archer. But is there any archer in the defender's garrison?
Wait, the defender's garrison in Castellon is 2 spearmen. In Zaragoza, 3 knights. In Huesca, 3 knights.
Wait, does the defender's troop type matter for the counter, or is it only the attacker's most numerous type that sets the counter matchup?
"The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
So for the attacker, the most numerous type is knight (3 knights vs 2 spearmen and 2 archers). Knight sets the matchup. Knight counters archer. Since the attacker has knights as most numerous, they get the counter bonus if the defender's most numerous type is what they counter?
Wait, "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
Does it mean we look at the most numerous type of BOTH armies?
"Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5 (every troop in it, not only the countering type)."
Usually, if your most numerous type counters the enemy's most numerous type, you get the 1.5x multiplier.
Let's see:
For Castellon: defender has 2 spearmen (most numerous: spearman). Attacker most numerous: knight. Knight does not counter spearman. Spearman counters knight. So defender has the counter? Or no counter?
If attacker's most numerous is knight, defender's is spearman. Spearman counters knight, so defender gets the multiplier? Or is it only when attacker counters defender? "Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5". So if defender's most numerous (spearman) counters attacker's most numerous (knight), defender gets 1.5x defense? Or does attacker not get it?
Let's assume standard counter rules: if A counters B, A gets the bonus.
Let's look at Zaragoza: defender has 3 knights. Attacker has 3 knights, 2 spearmen, 2 archers. Most numerous for both is knight. No counter.
Let's look at Huesca: same, 3 knights vs 3 knights, 2 spear, 2 arch.

Wait, do we need to attack Castellon, Zaragoza, or Huesca?
Let's look at the goal: "hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village."
We currently hold 3 of 24.
We need to expand!
Let's look at the map:
Our villages are Barcelona [22], Tarragona [21], Girona [23].
Tarragona [21] is connected to Zaragoza [17] and Castellon [18].
Girona [23] is connected to Huesca [20].
Barcelona [22] is connected to Tarragona [21] and Girona [23].

Let's check the resources we have.
Barcelona has wood 50, iron 20.
We can build troops in Barcelona!
What can we build in Barcelona?
spearman: costs 15 wood + 0 iron. We can build up to 3 (wood 50 / 15 = 3, iron 20 / 0 = infinite). But cap is 300, currently 4 at home, so we can build many.
archer: costs 20 wood + 10 iron. We can build 2 archers (wood 40, iron 20).
knight: costs 30 wood + 30 iron. We can build 0 knights (iron is only 20).
Let's build some troops in Barcelona.
If we build 3 spearmen and 1 archer? Or 2 archers and 1 spearman?
Let's see: wood 50, iron 20.
If we build 2 archers: cost 40 wood, 20 iron. Remaining wood 10, iron 0.
If we build 3 spearmen: cost 45 wood, 0 iron. Remaining wood 5, iron 20.
We can build 3 spearmen and 1 archer? Cost: 3*15 + 20 = 65 wood (we only have 50). So we can build 2 spearmen (30 wood) and 1 archer (20 wood + 10 iron) -> total 50 wood, 10 iron. Remaining wood 0, iron 10.
Or we can build 3 spearmen (45 wood) and 0 archers. Remaining wood 5, iron 20.
Or we can build 1 spearman (15 wood) and 1 archer (20 wood + 10 iron) -> total 35 wood, 10 iron.
Let's think about what troops we want to accumulate.
Currently we have:
Tarragona: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight.
Girona: 2 spearman, 2 archer.
Barcelona: 2 archer, 2 knight.
Total: 4 spearman, 6 archer, 5 knight.

Let's look at the neutral villages:
Castellon [18]: defense 5, garrison 2 spearmen.
Zaragoza [17]: defense 8, garrison 3 knights.
Huesca [20]: defense 8, garrison 3 knights.

If we attack Castellon [18] with Tarragona's troops:
We send 2 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight from Tarragona.
Attacker force:
spearman: 2 * 1 = 2
archer: 2 * 2 = 4
knight: 3 * 4 = 12
Total raw attack = 18.
Most numerous: knight (3). Defender has 2 spearmen (most numerous: spearman).
Does knight counter archer, spearman counter knight, archer counter spearman?
Yes:
spearman counters knight
archer counters spearman
knight counters archer
So attacker's most numerous (knight) is countered by defender's most numerous (spearman).
Does the defender get a multiplier, or does the attacker not get one?
"Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5"
If defender has the counter (spearman counters knight), defender gets 1.5x defense?
Let's assume defender's effective defense becomes 5 * 1.5 = 7.5, or maybe the attacker doesn't get any multiplier, but defender gets 1.5x?
Usually, the one who has the counter gets the multiplier. So if defender counters attacker, defender gets 1.5x. If attacker counters defender, attacker gets 1.5x. If no one counters anyone, no multiplier.
Let's calculate both cases.
If no multiplier for attacker:
Attacker force = 18.
Defender defense = 5 (effective defense already includes location bonus).
If defender gets 1.5x: defense = 5 * 1.5 = 7.5.
In either case, 18 is greater than 5 or 7.5, so we win!
Wait, what are the losses?
"The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself."
Loser's effective force:
For Castellon, garrison is 2 spearmen.
Defense of spearman is 2. So effective force of defender = 2 * 2 = 4? Or is it the defense value of the village (5)?
"The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again."
Wait, "effective force" of the loser:
Is it the number of troops times their attack/defense? Or is it the effective defense value?
"The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types"
Wait, if it's defense, the effective defense of Castellon is 5. Half of 5 is 2.5, so we lose troops worth 2 or 3?
Wait, "spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself."
How is "loser's effective force" calculated? Is it the sum of the defender's troops' defense or attack?
"garrison: 2 spearmen | effective defense: 5"
If effective defense is 5, maybe the loser's effective force is 5? Half of 5 is 2.5, so we lose ~2-3 troops in total.
Let's check the previous turn report:
"You attacked [21] Tarragona with 2 spearmen, 2 archers, 3 knights (effective force 18 vs its defense 3): VICTORY, conquered. You lost 0 troops; 7 troops stay there as its new garrison."
Ah! "You lost 0 troops". Why? Because the loser's effective force was small (defense 3, half is 1.5, maybe rounded down to 1 or 0, or because the garrison was destroyed and there was no army to defeat?).
Wait, "You attacked [23] Girona with 3 spearmen, 2 archers (effective force 7 vs its defense 3): VICTORY, conquered. You lost 1 troop; 4 troops stay there as its new garrison."
Here, defense was 3, half is 1.5, so we lost 1 troop.
So if we attack Castellon (defense 5), half is 2.5, we might lose 2 troops.
If we attack Zaragoza (defense 8), half is 4, we might lose 4 troops.
If we attack Huesca (defense 8), half is 4, we might lose 4 troops.

Let's look at the troop types we have and where to send them.
We want to conquer Castellon [18], Zaragoza [17], and Huesca [20] to expand.
Can we attack all three in the same turn?
We have troops in Tarragona [21] and Girona [23].
Tarragona has 2 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. We can send them to attack Castellon [18] or Zaragoza [17].
Girona has 2 spearman, 2 archer. We can send them to attack Huesca [20].
Wait, if we send Tarragona's troops to attack Castellon, and Girona's troops to attack Huesca, we can conquer both!
Let's check if we can win both battles.
Battle 1: Tarragona attacks Castellon [18].
Troops sent: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight.
Attack power:
spearman: 2 * 1 = 2
archer: 2 * 2 = 4
knight: 3 * 4 = 12
Total = 18.
Castellon defense = 5.
We win. We lose some troops (maybe 2). The remaining troops (say, 5) stay at Castellon as garrison.
Battle 2: Girona attacks Huesca [20].
Troops sent: 2 spearman, 2 archer.
Attack power:
spearman: 2 * 1 = 2
archer: 2 * 2 = 4
Total = 6.
Huesca defense = 8.
Wait! 6 vs 8. We would LOSE!
Let's check if we can send more troops from Barcelona to Girona to reinforce it before attacking Huesca?
But movement takes time!
"march from [23] Girona: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Huesca.
If we send troops from Barcelona to Girona, they will take 1 turn to arrive (since Barcelona is connected to Girona).
So they cannot arrive this turn to help attack Huesca. They would arrive next turn.
But Huesca's defense is 8. If we attack with only 2 spearman and 2 archer (force 6), we lose.
Can we send some troops from Tarragona to Girona? No, they are not directly connected, or it takes too long.
Wait, can we send knights from Barcelona to Girona? Knights are fast, but still takes 1 turn.
What if we don't attack Huesca this turn, but instead build more troops in Barcelona and send them to Girona, and attack Huesca next turn?
Or, can we attack Castellon with Tarragona, and send some troops from Barcelona to reinforce Tarragona or Girona?
Let's look at the troop counts and what we can build in Barcelona.
Barcelona has 50 wood, 20 iron.
We can build:
- 3 spearmen (45 wood, 0 iron)
- 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron)
- 0 knights (needs 30 iron)
Let's build 3 spearmen in Barcelona. They will be ready in 1 turn.
Where should we send them? We can send them to Tarragona or Girona to reinforce them.
If we send them to Tarragona, they will arrive next turn.
If we send them to Girona, they will arrive next turn.
What about the troops currently in Tarragona and Girona?
If we don't move them, they just defend the villages. But we want to expand!
Can we attack Castellon [18] with Tarragona's troops?
Let's check if we can attack Zaragoza [17] instead of Castellon.
Zaragoza defense is 8, garrison 3 knights.
If we attack Zaragoza with 2 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight:
Attack power: 18. Defense: 8. We win, but lose more troops (half of 8 is 4).
Castellon defense is 5, garrison 2 spearmen. Attack power 18 vs defense 5. We win and lose fewer troops (half of 5 is 2.5 -> 2).
So Castellon is a better target than Zaragoza because it has lower defense and fewer troops, so we lose fewer troops.
Also, Castellon is connected to Valencia [16], Teruel [13], Tarragona [21].
Zaragoza is connected to Madrid [12], Teruel [13], Pamplona [19], Huesca [20], Tarragona [21].
Taking Castellon opens up the road to Valencia and Teruel.
Taking Zaragoza opens up Madrid, Teruel, Pamplona, Huesca.
But Castellon is easier to take.

Let's look at Huesca [20]. Defense 8, garrison 3 knights.
If we attack Huesca with Girona's troops (2 spearman, 2 archer): force 6 vs defense 8. We lose.
What if we send some troops from Barcelona to Girona this turn, but they won't arrive until next turn.
Can we send troops from Tarragona to Girona? No, Tarragona is connected to Barcelona, and Barcelona to Girona. It would take 2 turns.
What if we send troops from Barcelona to Tarragona, and then from Tarragona to Castellon?
Wait, if we send troops from Barcelona to Tarragona, they arrive next turn. They cannot attack this turn.
So this turn, we can only attack with troops currently in Tarragona and Girona.
Since Girona's troops cannot defeat Huesca alone, maybe we should NOT attack Huesca this turn.
Instead, we can send Girona's troops to reinforce Tarragona? But they are not directly connected. Girona -> Barcelona -> Tarragona (2 turns).
Or we can send Girona's troops to attack Huesca anyway to weaken it? No, if we lose, the survivors stay there as garrison? No, "The LOSER is destroyed entirely - this includes an attacker that fails against a village."
So if we attack and lose, all our attacking troops are destroyed! That's very bad.
So we should NOT attack Huesca this turn.
What should we do with Girona's troops? Keep them at home to defend Girona, or send them to Barcelona to reinforce? But they would take 1 turn to reach Barcelona.
What about Tarragona's troops? We can attack Castellon [18] with them.
Let's check if we can send some troops from Barcelona to Tarragona to reinforce Tarragona for next turn's attack on Zaragoza or Castellon's neighbors.
Yes, we can build troops in Barcelona and send them to Tarragona.
Let's see the road connections:
Barcelona [22] is connected to Tarragona [21] and Girona [23].
So we can send troops from Barcelona to Tarragona. They will arrive next turn.
We can also build troops in Barcelona.
Let's plan the builds in Barcelona:
We have 50 wood, 20 iron.
We can build:
- 3 spearmen (cost 45 wood, 0 iron)
- 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron) - wait, if we build 3 spearmen and 1 archer, cost is 45+20 = 65 wood (we only have 50).
So we can build:
Option A: 2 spearmen (30 wood) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Total cost: 50 wood, 10 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 10 iron.
Option B: 3 spearmen (45 wood). Total cost: 45 wood. Remaining: 5 wood, 20 iron.
Option C: 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Total cost: 40 wood, 20 iron. Remaining: 10 wood, 0 iron.
Option D: 1 spearman (15 wood) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Total cost: 35 wood, 10 iron. Remaining: 15 wood, 10 iron.

Let's think about what troops we need.
Currently we have many knights (5 total, 3 in Tarragona, 2 in Barcelona).
Knights are expensive (30 wood, 30 iron) and we can't build them in Barcelona because we only have 20 iron.
We have spearmen (4 total) and archers (6 total).
If we want to attack Zaragoza (garrison 3 knights, defense 8):
If we attack with knights, they are slow? No, knights are fast.
But spearman counters knight. If Zaragoza has 3 knights, and we attack with mostly knights, they might counter us? No, knight does not counter knight.
If we attack with spearmen, spearman counters knight. So if we have more spearmen than knights in the attacking army, we get the 1.5x multiplier!
Let's check: if we attack Zaragoza with 3 spearmen, 2 archer, 3 knight:
Most numerous: spearman (3) vs knight (3)? Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So spearman is most numerous.
Spearman counters knight (defender's most numerous). So we get 1.5x multiplier!
Our attack power:
spearman: 3 * 1 = 3
archer: 2 * 2 = 4
knight: 3 * 4 = 12
Total raw = 19. With 1.5x multiplier = 28.5!
Defense of Zaragoza is 8. We win easily.
But we need spearmen. Currently we have 4 spearmen total (2 in Tarragona, 2 in Girona).
If we build 3 spearmen in Barcelona, we can have 7 spearmen!
Let's build 3 spearmen in Barcelona.
We can send them to Tarragona to join the attack on Zaragoza next turn.
Wait, can we attack Castellon this turn?
Castellon has 2 spearmen. If we attack with 2 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight:
Most numerous: knight (3). Defender: spearman (2).
Spearman counters knight, so defender gets 1.5x multiplier?
If defender gets 1.5x, defense becomes 5 * 1.5 = 7.5.
Our attack is 18. 18 > 7.5, so we still win.
But we lose more troops.
What if we attack Castellon with more spearmen? But we only have 2 spearmen in Tarragona. We can't get more this turn because Barcelona's troops take 1 turn to arrive.
So this turn, we can only attack Castellon with Tarragona's current troops: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight.
Let's calculate the losses for Castellon:
Loser's effective force: Castellon has 2 spearmen. Defense of spearman is 2. So effective force is 2 * 2 = 4? Or is it the village defense 5?
"The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again."
If the effective defense is 5, and we use it directly, the loser's effective force is 5.
Half of 5 is 2.5, so we lose troops worth 2.5, which is about 2 or 3 troops.
Since we send 7 troops, losing 2 or 3 is acceptable.
Let's check if we should attack Castellon or Zaragoza.
Castellon: defense 5, garrison 2 spearmen.
Zaragoza: defense 8, garrison 3 knights.
If we attack Castellon, we lose fewer troops and take a village.
If we attack Zaragoza, we lose more troops but take a more central village.
Taking Castellon is safer and cheaper in terms of losses.
Let's attack Castellon with Tarragona's troops.
And what about Girona's troops?
If we don't attack Huesca, we can keep Girona's troops in Girona to defend it, or send them to Barcelona.
But Girona is an interior village, no enemy border. So it's safe from attack unless the enemy reaches it.
Wait, "REAR - your villages with no neighbour that is not yours: [22] Barcelona with 4 troops at home - nearest front village [21] Tarragona".
Girona [23] is listed under FRONT LINE: "faces: [20] Huesca (neutral, effective defense 8)".
So Girona is on the front line because it touches Huesca (neutral). Since Huesca is neutral, it's not an enemy, but it's a frontier.
If we don't attack Huesca, can an enemy attack Girona? The enemy is far away (Lisboa, etc.), so no immediate enemy threat.
We can just keep Girona's troops there, or move them.
Wait, can we move Girona's troops to Barcelona to build up a larger army?
If we move them to Barcelona, they will take 1 turn to arrive.
But if we keep them in Girona, they are safe.
Let's look at the plan:
We want to conquer Castellon [18] this turn.
We want to build troops in Barcelona and send them to Tarragona to prepare for the next attack.
Let's write down the orders:
1. Build in Barcelona:
We have 50 wood, 20 iron.
Let's build 3 spearmen (cost 45 wood, 0 iron).
We can also build 1 archer? Cost 20 wood, 10 iron. Total 65 wood (not enough).
So let's build 3 spearmen.
Wait, can we build 2 spearmen and 1 archer? Cost 30 wood + 20 wood + 10 iron = 50 wood, 10 iron. This uses all wood and some iron, giving us a mix of troops.
Let's build 2 spearmen and 1 archer.
Or 3 spearmen. Spearmen are cheap and counter knights, which are common in the north (Zaragoza, Huesca have knights).
Let's build 3 spearmen.
2. Movements:
- From Tarragona [21] to Castellon [18]: send 2 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight.
- From Barcelona [22] to Tarragona [21]: send the newly built troops? But they are built this turn, they can only be sent next turn?
"Each troop type has a speed: spearman (slow), archer (medium), knight (fast). A MIXED army marches at the speed of its SLOWEST troop. The report shows travel time per speed (e.g. 'march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns'). Marching takes turns, and during those turns the enemy keeps building and moving."
If we build troops in Barcelona, they are at home. We can order them to march to Tarragona this turn. They will arrive in 1 turn (since Barcelona to Tarragona is 1 slow/medium/fast turn).
Let's check the march distance from Barcelona to Tarragona:
Road network: [22] Barcelona - [21] Tarragona. Direct road.
So 1 turn.
We can send the newly built 3 spearmen from Barcelona to Tarragona.
Also, we have 2 archer and 2 knight already at Barcelona. Should we send them to Tarragona to reinforce?
If we send them, they will arrive next turn.
Let's send the 3 newly built spearmen and maybe some existing troops from Barcelona to Tarragona.
Wait, if we send all troops from Barcelona to Tarragona, Barcelona will have 0 troops. Is that okay?
Barcelona is the capital, but "losing it does not lose the game and has no special effect - a capital is a village with a bigger defense bonus."
But it's still good to have some defense. However, since it's in the rear (interior, no enemy border), it is safe.
Let's send 2 archer and 2 knight from Barcelona to Tarragona, along with the 3 newly built spearmen.
Wait, can we send a mixed army? Yes, but it marches at the speed of the slowest (spearman = slow).
So it takes 1 slow turn to reach Tarragona.
Let's check if we should send them to Tarragona or Girona.
Tarragona is our main front towards Castellon and Zaragoza. It makes sense to gather troops there.
Let's send from Barcelona to Tarragona: 3 spearmen (newly built) + 2 archer + 2 knight.
Total sent from Barcelona: 3 spear, 2 archer, 2 knight.
This leaves Barcelona with 0 troops, but that's fine for now.
What about Girona? We keep the 2 spearman, 2 archer there to defend Girona and prepare for future attack on Huesca when we have more troops.

Let's double check the resources and build costs.
Barcelona: wood 50, iron 20.
Build 3 spearmen: cost 45 wood, 0 iron.
Remaining: wood 5, iron 20.
Can we build anything else with 5 wood and 20 iron?
No, spearman needs 15 wood, archer needs 20 wood, knight needs 30 wood.
So we can only build 3 spearmen.
Let's check if we can build 2 archers: cost 40 wood, 20 iron. Remaining 10 wood, 0 iron.
If we build 2 archers, we get 2 archers.
Which is better: 3 spearmen or 2 archers?
Spearmen are good for countering knights (which Zaragoza and Huesca have).
Archers are good against spearmen.
Since we already have 6 archers total, and only 4 spearmen, building spearmen helps balance and counters the knights we will face.
Let's build 3 spearmen.

Let's review the attack on Castellon:
From Tarragona [21] to Castellon [18].
Troops: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight.
Is this the best composition?
Castellon has 2 spearmen, defense 5.
If we send 2 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight:
Attack = 2*1 + 2*2 + 3*4 = 18.
Defense = 5.
We win.
What if we send only 3 knight and 2 archer? Attack = 3*4 + 2*2 = 16. Still > 5.
But sending spearmen is fine, we have them.
Let's send all available from Tarragona: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight.
This will leave Tarragona with 0 troops. But we are sending reinforcements from Barcelona to Tarragona (3 spear, 2 archer, 2 knight), which will arrive next turn.
So Tarragona will have 3 spear, 2 archer, 2 knight next turn. That's a good garrison.

Let's check the movement from Barcelona to Tarragona:
Troops to send: 3 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight.
Wait, do we have 2 archer and 2 knight available in Barcelona?
"AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight"
Yes, we have 2 archer and 2 knight.
And we are building 3 spearmen. Can we send them on the same turn we build them?
"Each troop type has its own ATTACK and DEFENSE values... ready in 1 turn."
Usually, in these games, troops built this turn can be sent this turn or next turn. The prompt says: "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." and "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: ...". It lists the troops already there. The newly built ones might not be available to send THIS turn, or they might be.
Let's look at the prompt: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight". This suggests the newly built ones are not in the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" list, or maybe they are built at the end of the turn.
To be safe, let's only send the ones listed as "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" from Barcelona, which is 2 archer and 2 knight.
And we can send the newly built 3 spearmen next turn.
So this turn, from Barcelona to Tarragona, we send: 2 archer, 2 knight.
This leaves Barcelona with the 3 newly built spearmen (which will be available next turn).
This is safer and follows the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" list strictly.

Let's check the plan and statement.
Plan:
We want to conquer Castellon this turn with Tarragona's troops.
We reinforce Tarragona with Barcelona's archers and knights.
We build 3 spearmen in Barcelona to prepare for the next wave of attacks (e.g. Zaragoza or Huesca).
We keep Girona's troops on hold until we can launch a coordinated attack on Huesca with reinforcements.

Let's write the plan:
"Conquer Castellon this turn using Tarragona's full garrison. Reinforce Tarragona with Barcelona's archers and knights. Build 3 spearmen in Barcelona for next turn's push towards Zaragoza and Huesca. Keep Girona's troops on hold for now."

Statement:
"Ordered the assault on Castellon with my Tarragona forces. Sent reinforcements from Barcelona to Tarragona to secure the frontier and prepare for the next push into Zaragoza. Built 3 spearmen in Barcelona to bolster my spearhead against the northern knights."

Let's double check the JSON format.
{
  "build": [ {"villageId": 22, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 3} ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 21, "toId": 18, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 2, "knight": 3}},
    {"fromId": 22, "toId": 21, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 2}}
  ],
  "plan": "Conquer Castellon this turn using Tarragona's full garrison. Reinforce Tarragona with Barcelona's archers and knights. Build 3 spearmen in Barcelona for next turn's push towards Zaragoza and Huesca. Keep Girona's troops on hold for now.",
  "statement": "Ordered the assault on Castellon with my Tarragona forces. Sent reinforcements from Barcelona to Tarragona to secure the frontier and prepare for the next push into Zaragoza. Built 3 spearmen in Barcelona to bolster my spearhead against the northern knights."
}

Wait, is Castellon [18] connected to Tarragona [21]?
Let's check the road network:
"[18] Castellon (neutral): [13], [16], [21]"
Yes, [21] Tarragona is connected to [18] Castellon.
"[21] Tarragona (yours): [17], [18], [22]"
Yes, [21] is connected to [18] and [22] Barcelona.
So the movement from 21 to 18 is valid.
Movement from 22 to 21 is valid.

Let's check if we can send 0 spearman in the movement from 22 to 21.
"troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 2}
Is it valid to have 0 for spearman? Yes, "Empty lists are valid orders" and the example shows {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}. Usually 0 is fine.

Let's check if we should send any troops from Girona.
Girona has 2 spearman, 2 archer.
If we keep them there, they are safe.
If we send them to Barcelona, they will arrive next turn.
But Girona is currently facing Huesca. If we don't attack Huesca, keeping them in Girona is fine.
Let's keep them in Girona (no movement order from Girona).

Let's review the build order:
villageId: 22 (Barcelona)
type: spearman
quantity: 3
Cost: 3 * 15 = 45 wood, 0 iron.
Barcelona has 50 wood, 20 iron. So it can afford it.

Let's review the movement from 21 to 18:
troops: spearman 2, archer 2, knight 3.
Tarragona has: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight.
So we are sending all of them. This is valid.

Let's review the movement from 22 to 21:
troops: spearman 0, archer 2, knight 2.
Barcelona has: 0 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight available.
So we are sending all available archers and knights. This is valid.

Let's think if there is any other option.
What if we attack Zaragoza instead of Castellon?
Zaragoza has defense 8, garrison 3 knights.
If we attack Zaragoza, we lose more troops.
Castellon has defense 5, garrison 2 spearmen.
Castellon is clearly the easier target and opens the road south towards Valencia.
So Castellon is the best choice.

Let's double check the plan text length:
"Conquer Castellon this turn using Tarragona's full garrison. Reinforce Tarragona with Barcelona's archers and knights. Build 3 spearmen in Barcelona for next turn's push towards Zaragoza and Huesca. Keep Girona's troops on hold for now."
Length is around 250 characters, well under 600.

Statement text:
"Ordered the assault on Castellon with my Tarragona forces. Sent reinforcements from Barcelona to Tarragona to secure the frontier and prepare for the next push into Zaragoza. Built 3 spearmen in Barcelona to bolster my spearhead against the northern knights."
Length is around 280 characters, well under the limit.

Everything looks solid. I will output the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":21,"destinoId":18,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":3}},{"origemId":22,"destinoId":21,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":2}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO envio [21]->[18]: 2S+2A+3K (alvo neutra lanceiro)
ACEITO envio [22]->[21]: 2A+2K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Conquer Castellon this turn using Tarragona's full garrison. Reinforce Tarragona with Barcelona's archers and knights. Build 3 spearmen in Barcelona for next turn's push towards Zaragoza and Huesca. Keep Girona's troops on hold for now.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): Ordered the assault on Castellon with my Tarragona forces. Sent reinforcements from Barcelona to Tarragona to secure the frontier and prepare for the next push into Zaragoza. Built 3 spearmen in Barcelona to bolster my spearhead against the northern knights.
COMBATE [3] Coimbra: atacante A Fatk=10 (ef 10) Fdef=2 (ef 3) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~1
COMBATE [5] Faro: atacante A Fatk=11 (ef 17) Fdef=4 (ef 5) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~2
COMBATE [21] Tarragona: atacante B Fatk=18 (ef 18) Fdef=2 (ef 3) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~1
COMBATE [23] Girona: atacante B Fatk=7 (ef 7) Fdef=2 (ef 3) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~1
placar: A 5 ald/tropas 4 | B 3 ald/tropas 4 | neutras 16 | transito 7 (A 5 | B 2)

########## TURNO 6 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3274 | resposta 24235 | raciocinio 20762 | finish stop | ms 300925
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 1, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 5, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 3, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 3, \"toId\": 6, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 0, \"toId\": 1, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 2, \"toId\": 5, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Build knights in Lisboa, Santarem, Evora; spearman in Coimbra, Faro. Send spearman from Faro and Santarem to Badajoz to gather 7 spearman for Sevilha. Send 1 knight from Santarem to Badajoz for Salamanca. Send spearman from Coimbra to Porto for Vigo. Next turn: attack Salamanca with 2 knights from Badajoz, attack Sevilha with 7 spearman from Badajoz, build 2 spearman in Porto for Vigo. Garrison captured villages promptly.\",\n  \"statement\": \"I have strengthened my armies, building knights in the south and spearman in Coimbra and Faro. I am moving spearman from Faro and Santarem to Badajoz, and knights to the front, to prepare for attacks on the neutral villages of Sevilha and Salamanca. My forces are on the march.\"\n}"
raciocinio: We need to analyze the situation. We are King A, currently holding 7 villages (out of 24). We need to hold at least 18 for 2 consecutive turns or eliminate every enemy village. Currently we have 7. The enemy capital is Barcelona (22), but we don't need to take it to win.

We have our villages: Lisboa (0), Santarem (1), Evora (2), Coimbra (3), Badajoz (4), Faro (5), Porto (6). They are all interior (no enemy border). We have resources and troops.

We can see neutral villages: Salamanca (7), Toledo (8), Vigo (10), Sevilha (9). They have garrisons of 4 archers or 4 knights, effective defense 10.

Road network: we can see connections. We need to expand to eventually reach 18 villages. There are 13 unexplored villages: Cordoba (11), Teruel (13), Madrid (12), Burgos (14), Zaragoza (17), Valencia (16), Murcia (15), Castellon (18), Pamplona (19), Huesca (20), Tarragona (21), Barcelona (22), Girona (23). The enemy capital is Barcelona, but we don't know its garrison. The enemy likely holds some of these, but we don't know which. Since we only see our villages and those connected, we need to explore.

We have no armies on march. Last turn we attacked Badajoz and Porto and won, but lost 1 troop each. Reinforcements arrived.

Now we need to decide on builds and movements. We have 28 soldiers at home: 19 spearman, 4 archer, 5 knight. Available to send: we can send from each village some troops. But we also need to consider building new troops. Each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn. Costs: spearman 15 wood, archer 20 wood + 10 iron, knight 30 wood + 30 iron. We need to check each village's resources and cap.

Let's list each village's resources and current troops:

[0] Lisboa: wood 30, iron 60. Troops at home: 3 (2 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight? Wait: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight" but total troops at home is 3? That doesn't add up: 2+0+1=3, so the 3 troops are exactly those. So it has 2 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. But the total soldiers at home says 19 spearman, 4 archer, 5 knight. Let's sum: Lisboa 2 spear, 0 arch, 1 knight; Santarem 4 spear, 0 arch, 1 knight; Evora 2 spear, 0 arch, 0 knight; Coimbra 4 spear, 1 arch, 0 knight; Badajoz 2 spear, 0 arch, 1 knight; Faro 3 spear, 3 arch, 1 knight; Porto 2 spear, 0 arch, 1 knight. Total spear: 2+4+2+4+2+3+2 = 19. Arch: 0+0+0+1+0+3+0 = 4. Knight: 1+1+0+0+1+1+1 = 5. Correct.

Now, resources: each village has wood and iron. They produce per turn. The numbers shown are current stock? "wood 30 (+30/turn)" means it has 30 wood now, and gains 30 per turn. Similarly iron. So we can use that stock to build troops this turn. Builds are ordered now and will be ready next turn? The rules: "ready in 1 turn". So if we order a build, it will be available next turn. We can only order a build if the village can pay for it now from its own stock.

Let's check each village's ability to build:

[0] Lisboa: wood 30, iron 60. Can build: spearman (15 wood) -> can build up to 2 (30 wood). Archer (20 wood + 10 iron) -> can build up to 1 (20 wood, 10 iron) but we have 30 wood, 60 iron, so 1 archer possible. Knight (30 wood + 30 iron) -> can build 1 (30 wood, 30 iron). But we also have cap: troops at home 3, cap 300, so no issue.

[1] Santarem: wood 30, iron 80. Can build: spearman up to 2, archer up to 1 (20 wood, 10 iron), knight up to 1 (30 wood, 30 iron). Troops at home: 5.

[2] Evora: wood 30, iron 80. Can build: spearman up to 2, archer up to 1, knight up to 1. Troops at home: 2.

[3] Coimbra: wood 30, iron 20. Can build: spearman up to 2 (30 wood), archer up to 1 (20 wood, 10 iron) but iron only 20, so 1 archer uses 10 iron, leaves 10 iron, so possible. Knight: needs 30 wood + 30 iron, iron insufficient (20), so no knight. Troops at home: 5.

[4] Badajoz: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build anything because no resources. Troops at home: 3. But it produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn, so next turn it will have resources. But we can't build now.

[5] Faro: wood 30, iron 20. Can build: spearman up to 2 (30 wood), archer up to 1 (20 wood, 10 iron) but iron 20, so 1 archer uses 10 iron, leaves 10. Knight: needs 30 wood + 30 iron, iron insufficient. Troops at home: 7.

[6] Porto: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build now. Troops at home: 3.

So we can build in Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, Coimbra, Faro. Badajoz and Porto have no resources this turn.

We need to decide what to build. We need to expand. Our current troops are mostly spearman (19), some archer (4), some knight (5). We need to conquer neutral villages and eventually enemy villages. The neutral villages we see have 4 archers or 4 knights, defense 10. To attack, we need to send troops. The combat rules: when attacking, we use attack values, defender uses defense. Counter triangle: spearman counters knight (1.5x), archer counters spearman (1.5x), knight counters archer (1.5x). The most numerous type sets the counter matchup. So if we send a mix, the majority type determines counter. Also, ties favor defender.

We need to calculate effective force. But we don't have exact formulas? The report gives "effective defense" for villages, which includes location bonus. For neutral villages, effective defense is 10. That's the defender's effective force? Actually, the rules: "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again." So when attacking a village, the defender's effective force is that number. Our attack force is based on our troops' attack values, possibly multiplied by counter if we have the counter bonus. The side with higher effective force wins. A tie favors defender. Winner takes losses (attrition against loser's effective force).

We need to compute our attack force. Let's denote our troops: spearman attack 1, archer attack 2, knight attack 4. If we send a group, we sum their attack values? But the counter bonus multiplies the force by 1.5 if we have the counter. The "most numerous type" sets the counter matchup. So if we send, say, 5 spearman and 1 knight, the most numerous is spearman, so we get counter bonus against knight? Actually, the counter triangle: spearman counters knight, archer counters spearman, knight counters archer. So if our most numerous type is spearman, we are using spearman as our "main" force, and we get a bonus against knight? Or is it that our force is multiplied by 1.5 if our most numerous type counters the defender's most numerous type? The rule: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So we need to know the defender's troop composition to know if we have the counter. But the report only gives effective defense, not the exact troop types? Actually, for neutral villages, it says "garrison: 4 archers" or "4 knights". So we know their composition. For enemy villages, we might not know.

So for neutral villages: Salamanca (7): 4 archers, defense 10. Toledo (8): 4 archers, defense 10. Vigo (10): 4 knights, defense 10. Sevilha (9): 4 knights, defense 10.

If we attack with a force, we need to compute our effective attack. The rules: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs." So our attack force is sum of attack values of our troops? But then there's the counter bonus. And the defender's defense is their effective defense (which already includes location bonus). So the combat is: our attack force vs their effective defense. If we have counter, our attack force is multiplied by 1.5. The side with higher force wins. Tie goes to defender.

But wait: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So we need to know the most numerous type in our attacking force, and the most numerous type in the defending force. Then if our type counters theirs, we get 1.5x. If their type counters us, do we get penalized? The rule says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't mention a penalty if they counter us. So presumably we only get a bonus if we have the counter; otherwise it's just 1x. But what if they have a type that counters our main type? Does that give them a bonus? The rule says "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counts spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It only mentions bonus for the one having the counter. So if we don't have the counter, no bonus. But what if both have counter? That's impossible because the triangle is asymmetric: if our main type counters theirs, theirs cannot counter ours. So only one side can have the counter.

So to defeat a neutral village with 4 archers (defense 10), we need our attack force (after counter if applicable) to be >10. Since defender wins ties, we need >10, so at least 11. If we attack with knights, they counter archers? Knight counters archer. So if we send knights as the most numerous type, we get 1.5x bonus. If we send spearman, spearman does not counter archer (archer counters spearman), so no bonus. If we send archers, archers counter spearman, but defender has archers, so no counter (same type). So to get bonus against archers, we need knights. Against knights, we need spearman (spearman counters knight). So against Vigo and Sevilha (knights), we want spearman as our main type. Against Salamanca and Toledo (archers), we want knights.

Now, we need to compute our attack force. If we send, say, all spearman from a village: each spearman has attack 1. So if we send 10 spearman, attack force = 10. No counter against archers, so we need >10 to beat defense 10, so 11 spearman. But if we send knights: each knight attack 4. If we send 3 knights, attack = 12. With counter (since knight counters archer), effective attack = 12 * 1.5 = 18, which is >10, so we win. But we might lose some. The winner takes losses: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So we will suffer losses equal to something? The rule: "attrition against the loser's effective force". Probably means our losses are proportional to the loser's force? Not exactly specified. But we can assume we'll lose some troops. We need to be careful.

We also have the option to send mixed troops. The most numerous type sets the counter. So if we send 2 knights and 1 spearman, knights are most numerous, so we get knight counter vs archer. But our attack force is sum: 2*4 + 1*1 = 9. With 1.5x, 13.5, >10. So we could win with fewer troops.

But we also need to consider travel time and that the defense we see is today's defense. The neutral villages harden every 5 turns: "every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type." The report says: "effective defense (location bonus included): 10 (was 8, 5 turns ago)". So they gained +1 troop? Actually, it says "was 8, 5 turns ago", so they had 3 troops? 4 archers now, defense 10. So they are hardening. If we don't attack soon, they might get stronger.

We need to expand to 18 villages. We currently have 7. There are 24 total. We need to conquer 11 more. We can see 4 neutrals. The other 13 are unexplored, some may be enemy, some neutral. The enemy capital is Barcelona, but we don't know which villages the enemy holds. They might hold some of the unexplored ones. We need to explore and conquer.

Our strategy: We should build troops to attack the neutral villages we can reach. We can reach Salamanca from Porto (1 turn), Coimbra (via 3? Actually Salamanca is connected to Porto [6], Coimbra [3], Badajoz [4], Madrid [12]. So from Porto, it's 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn. That means if we send troops from Porto, they can reach Salamanca in 1 turn if they are fast? Actually, the march time is given: "march from [6] Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means if we send slow troops (spearman), it takes 1 turn? Wait, "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" probably means the travel time in turns for each speed: slow troops take 1 turn, medium take 1 turn, fast take 1 turn. So it's 1 turn for any type from Porto to Salamanca. Similarly, from Badajoz to Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. From Porto to Vigo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. From Badajoz to Sevilha: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So distances are short.

We should attack these neutrals to gain villages. But we need to consider that we might need to hold them for 2 consecutive turns to win? Actually, win condition: hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. So we need to expand and hold.

We also need to consider that the enemy may attack us. Our villages are interior, no enemy border currently. But as we expand, we may border enemy villages.

Let's think about our moves this turn. We can order builds and movements. Movements are simultaneous with enemy. We don't know what the enemy will do. We should try to conquer neutral villages now, but we need to have enough troops to win. We also might want to reinforce our existing villages to defend against counterattacks.

Let's calculate the troops we can send from each village. We need to decide which neutral to attack first. We have four neutrals: Salamanca (7), Toledo (8), Vigo (10), Sevilha (9). We can reach Salamanca from Porto (1 turn), Coimbra (via 3? Actually Coimbra to Salamanca: [3] Coimbra connects to [7] Salamanca? Road: [3] Coimbra: [1], [6], [7]. Yes, Coimbra to Salamanca is direct. So from Coimbra, distance? The report doesn't give march distance from Coimbra to Salamanca, but we can infer from Porto: Porto to Salamanca is 1 turn. Coimbra to Porto is [3]-[6], so Coimbra to Salamanca might be 2 turns? Actually, we need to check the road network: [3] Coimbra connects to [6] Porto and [7] Salamanca. So it's directly connected. The march distance from Coimbra to Salamanca is not given, but we can estimate: from Porto it's 1 turn, so from Coimbra it might be similar? But we don't have the exact travel time. The report only gives march distances for the visible neutrals from our villages. It says: "march from [6] Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Salamanca. For Toledo: "march from [4] Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". For Vigo: "march from [6] Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". For Sevilha: "march from [4] Badajoz: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So we have distances from our villages. We can also send from other villages, but the travel time might be longer. We should use the given origins.

We can attack Salamanca from Porto or Coimbra or Badajoz. But Badajoz to Salamanca is also connected? [4] Badajoz connects to [7] Salamanca. So we could send from Badajoz. But we don't have distance from Badajoz to Salamanca. The report only gives from Porto. We can assume it's similar. But to be safe, we can use the given origins.

We need to decide which neutral to take first. They all have 4 troops, defense 10. We need to defeat them. Let's see what we can send.

We want to minimize losses and ensure victory. We can send mixed troops to get counter bonus. For Salamanca (archers), we want knights as majority. For Vigo (knights), we want spearman as majority.

Let's check our available troops per village:

Porto [6]: available: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. So we can send up to 2 spearman, 1 knight. If we send 1 knight and 2 spearman, the most numerous is spearman (2 vs 1), so no counter bonus against archers. We would have attack: knight 4 + spearman 2*1 = 6. No counter, so need >10 to win, impossible. If we send only the knight (1 knight), attack 4, no counter, need >10, no. If we send only 2 spearman, attack 2, no. So Porto cannot defeat Salamanca alone.

Coimbra [3]: available: 4 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight. So we can send up to 4 spearman, 1 archer. Against archers, we want knights, but we have none. Spearman is countered by archer, so no counter bonus. Attack if we send all: 4*1 + 1*2 = 6. Not enough.

Badajoz [4]: available: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. Similar to Porto: can send 2 spearman, 1 knight. Most numerous spearman, no counter. Attack 6.

Lisboa [0]: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. Same.

Santarem [1]: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. Can send up to 4 spearman, 1 knight. If we send 4 spearman and 1 knight, most numerous spearman (4 vs 1), no counter vs archers. Attack: 4*1 + 4 = 6? Wait, knight attack 4, so total 8. Still <10. If we send only the knight? Attack 4. If we send 3 spearman and 1 knight? Most numerous spearman (3 vs 1), attack 3+4=7. Not enough.

Evora [2]: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. Attack 2.

Faro [5]: 3 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. This is interesting. We have 3 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. Against archers, we want knights as majority. If we send the knight and some archers? But we need knight to be most numerous. If we send 1 knight and, say, 2 archers, then most numerous is archer (2 vs 1), so no counter. If we send 1 knight and 1 archer and 1 spearman? Tie between archer and spearman? The rule: "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight." So if we have 1 of each, the tie breaks to spearman? Actually, "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight." That means if there's a tie for most numerous, the one earlier in that order is considered most numerous. So 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight: tie, breaks to spearman. So most numerous is spearman. So to have knight as most numerous, we need more knights than any other type. We only have 1 knight. So we cannot make knight the most numerous unless we send only knights, but we only have 1. So we cannot get the counter bonus against archers from Faro either, unless we send only the knight? If we send only 1 knight, then it's the only type, so most numerous is knight. Then we get counter! But attack of 1 knight is 4. With counter 1.5x, effective attack = 6. Still <10. So not enough.

So with our current troops, we cannot defeat any neutral village in one attack because we don't have enough troops of the right type to get a high enough attack. We need to build more troops first.

We can build troops this turn. They will be ready next turn. So we can build this turn, then send them next turn to attack. But the enemy might also be building and moving. We need to be efficient.

Let's plan builds for this turn. We have resources in some villages. We should build troops that will help us attack the neutrals next turn. To attack Salamanca (archers), we need knights. To attack Vigo (knights), we need spearman. To attack Toledo (archers), knights. To attack Sevilha (knights), spearman.

We have several villages that can build knights: Lisboa (wood 30, iron 60) can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Santarem (wood 30, iron 80) can build 1 knight. Evora (wood 30, iron 80) can build 1 knight. Faro (wood 30, iron 20) cannot build knight (needs 30 iron). Coimbra (wood 30, iron 20) cannot build knight. Badajoz and Porto have no resources.

So we can build up to 3 knights this turn (Lisboa, Santarem, Evora). That would give us more knights. But we also need spearman for the knight-weak villages. We can build spearman in many villages: Lisboa (2), Santarem (2), Evora (2), Coimbra (2), Faro (2). That's up to 10 spearman. But we need to consider resources and that we might want to save resources for future builds.

Also, we need to consider that we might need to defend our own villages. Currently no enemy border, but that may change.

Let's think about the overall strategy. We have 7 villages. We need to get to 18. The unexplored villages are many. We should expand quickly. The neutrals we see are easy targets if we have the right troops. We should build knights and spearman to counter the neutrals.

But we also need to consider travel time. If we build knights in Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, they will be ready next turn. Then we can send them to attack. But from where? Salamanca is reachable from Porto, Coimbra, Badajoz. Our knights are in the south (Lisboa, Santarem, Evora). To reach Salamanca, they would need to march. Let's check distances: from Lisboa to Salamanca? Lisboa connects to Santarem and Evora. Santarem connects to Coimbra and Badajoz. Coimbra connects to Salamanca. So a knight from Lisboa would go Lisboa -> Santarem -> Coimbra -> Salamanca? That's 3 turns? Actually, we need to see the road network: [0] Lisboa to [1] Santarem, [1] to [3] Coimbra, [3] to [7] Salamanca. So 3 edges. Knights are fast, so maybe 3 turns? But we don't know the exact travel time. The report gives march distances from our villages to the neutrals. It says from Porto to Salamanca: 1 turn for any type. From Badajoz to Toledo: 1 turn. From Porto to Vigo: 1 turn. From Badajoz to Sevilha: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. So it seems the distances are short. But from Lisboa to Salamanca, it's not given. We might need to march through our own villages, which takes time. Also, we can send troops from any village, but they march along roads and stop at the first non-friendly village. So if we send from Lisboa to Salamanca, they will pass through Santarem (ours), Coimbra (ours), then Salamanca (neutral). They won't fight at our own villages. So travel time is the sum of road segments. We need to know the speed per segment. The report doesn't give exact distances for all pairs, but we can infer from the given ones. For example, Porto to Salamanca is 1 turn for any type. That suggests the distance is 1 "fast" unit? Actually, it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns", meaning it takes 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast. So it's a 1-turn march for any type. So that road segment is short. Coimbra to Salamanca is also a direct connection. Probably also 1 turn. So if we send from Coimbra to Salamanca, it would be 1 turn. But we don't have knights in Coimbra. We could send spearman from Coimbra, but they are slow and wouldn't counter.

Alternatively, we could build knights in Santarem and then send them to Coimbra? But sending to Coimbra is reinforcing our own village. They would march from Santarem to Coimbra (1 turn? Santarem to Coimbra is direct: [1] to [3]. Distance unknown, but likely 1 turn). Then from Coimbra to Salamanca (1 turn). So total 2 turns. But we could also just send them directly from Santarem to Salamanca? Santarem to Salamanca: not directly connected. The road goes Santarem -> Coimbra -> Salamanca, or Santarem -> Badajoz -> Salamanca. So they'd have to go through Coimbra or Badajoz. Since those are ours, they pass through. So travel time would be 2 turns if it's 1 turn per segment.

We need to plan ahead. This turn we build, next turn we send. The attack would arrive the turn after next? Actually, if we send next turn, they march for some turns. For example, if we send from Coimbra to Salamanca next turn, and it takes 1 turn, they arrive and fight at the end of that turn? The rules: "Marching takes turns, and during those turns the enemy keeps building and moving." So if we order a march on turn T, they start at the beginning of turn T? Actually, orders are simultaneous. We write orders for this turn (turn 6). The movements will happen over the next turns. The report shows "march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns" etc. So if we send a unit from Porto to Salamanca, it takes 1 turn. That means if we order it now, it will arrive and fight at the end of turn 7? Or at the beginning of turn 7? Typically, in such games, when you order a move, it takes the given number of turns to arrive, and they join the battle at the destination at the end of that many turns. So if it takes 1 turn, they arrive next turn (turn 7) and can fight then. But the enemy also moves on turn 7. So the combat would happen on turn 7? The rules: "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." So we are reading turn 6 snapshot. We order builds and moves for turn 6. The moves will execute over the coming turns. The enemy also orders for turn 6. So if we send a 1-turn march, it will arrive at the end of turn 7? Actually, careful: The game likely resolves turns in phases. Typically, you order troops to move; they spend the next turns marching; they arrive and fight at the start of the turn after the march is complete? The report says: "The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival." So if we attack a neutral, we need to consider that it might have gained troops during our march. Since neutrals harden every 5 turns, and it's been 5 turns since they were last seen (they were 8, now 10), they might harden again in 5 turns. But we are at turn 6, so next hardening is at turn 10? Not sure.

Given the complexity, we should try to attack a neutral this turn if possible, but we don't have enough troops. So we must build first. We can build this turn, and then next turn we can send troops. But we need to decide which neutral to target and from where.

Let's consider the layout. Our villages are in the west/southwest. The neutrals we see are in the center/east. The unexplored villages are further east. The enemy capital is Barcelona in the northeast. We need to expand eastward. We should try to capture Salamanca and Toledo to open the road to Madrid and beyond. Salamanca connects to Madrid [12], which connects to Burgos [14], Zaragoza [17], etc. Toledo connects to Cordoba [11], Madrid [12], Teruel [13]. So controlling these gives access to many villages.

We also have Vigo and Sevilha. Vigo is in the north, connects to Burgos [14]. Sevilha is in the south, connects to Cordoba [11]. So they are also gateways.

We should aim to capture all four neutrals quickly. But we need to allocate troops.

Let's calculate our resource income and what we can build next turn. Each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. At the start of turn 7, our villages will have their resources added. But we also have current stocks. We can order builds now using current stocks. The builds will be ready at the start of turn 7? Or at the end of turn 6? Typically, "ready in 1 turn" means if ordered now, they are available next turn. So at the start of turn 7, we will have the new troops.

Let's decide on builds for this turn (turn 6). We want to be able to attack next turn. We need to have a force that can defeat a neutral. Let's see what we can achieve by building and using existing troops.

We need to attack either an archer village (Salamanca, Toledo) with knights, or a knight village (Vigo, Sevilha) with spearman.

For a knight attack on archers: we need enough knights to have attack >10 after counter. If we send N knights, each attack 4, total attack 4N. With counter 1.5x, effective = 6N. We need 6N > 10 => N >= 2 (since 6*2=12 >10). So 2 knights can defeat an archer village with defense 10, provided they are the most numerous type (which they will be if we send only knights). But we must also consider that the defender has 4 archers. Their most numerous is archer. Our knights counter archers, so we get 1.5x. So 2 knights should win. But we will take losses. The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So our knights will suffer attrition based on the loser's effective force. The loser's effective force is their attack? Actually, the rule says "attrition against the loser's effective force". In defense, the defender uses defense. But when the loser is defeated, they lose troops? The loser's effective force might be their attack value? Not clear. But we can assume we'll lose some knights. With 2 knights, we might lose 1 or so. We need to have enough to spare.

For a spearman attack on knights: spearman attack 1, counter vs knight gives 1.5x, so effective per spearman = 1.5. To beat defense 10, we need N such that 1.5N > 10 => N >= 7 (1.5*7=10.5). So we need at least 7 spearman to attack a knight village. If we send 7 spearman, they must be the most numerous type. If we send a mix, we might need more.

We currently have 19 spearman total, but they are spread across villages. We can gather them by sending from multiple villages to one village, then attack? But sending from different villages to the same target: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So we cannot combine forces from different origins to attack the same target in one turn. Each send is a separate battle. So we must attack with a single send from one village. That means we need to have enough troops in one village to defeat the target. We can reinforce a village by sending troops from other villages to it, then later attack from that village. But that takes time.

So we need to build up a strong army in one village. We can build troops in a village and also send reinforcements to it from other villages. But sending reinforcements takes turns, and they arrive later.

Given the constraints, we should focus on building troops in the villages that are closest to the neutrals, and then attack.

Let's list the closest villages to each neutral:
- Salamanca: closest are Porto (1 turn), Coimbra (likely 1 turn), Badajoz (likely 1 turn). Also Salamanca is connected to Madrid, but we don't control that.
- Toledo: closest is Badajoz (1 turn).
- Vigo: closest is Porto (1 turn).
- Sevilha: closest is Badajoz (2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast) or Faro? Faro connects to Sevilha? [5] Faro connects to [4] Badajoz and [9] Sevilha. So from Faro to Sevilha: distance? Not given. From Badajoz it's 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. So likely 2 turns for slow, 1 for fast. From Faro, maybe similar.

So Porto and Badajoz are key staging points. But currently Porto and Badajoz have no resources (wood 0, iron 0). They produce 30 wood and 20 iron per turn, so next turn they will have 30 wood, 20 iron. Then they can build. But this turn they cannot build.

We need to build troops this turn in villages that have resources, then next turn we can send them to Porto or Badajoz? Or we can send them directly to the neutrals from other villages if the travel time is acceptable.

Let's check travel times from other villages to Salamanca. For example, from Coimbra to Salamanca: direct road. What is the travel time? Not given, but we can infer from Porto to Salamanca being 1 turn. Porto to Coimbra is a road: [6] Porto to [3] Coimbra. That distance is not given. But likely it's 1 turn as well? The map looks like Porto and Coimbra are adjacent. So Coimbra to Salamanca might also be 1 turn. If so, we could send from Coimbra directly. But we need to have the right troops there.

We have Coimbra: 4 spearman, 1 archer. No knights. So to attack Salamanca (archers), we need knights. We could build knights in other villages and send them to Coimbra to reinforce, then attack. But that takes time.

Alternatively, we could attack Vigo (knights) with spearman. We need 7 spearman in one village. Which village has many spearman? Santarem has 4, Coimbra has 4, Faro has 3. None has 7. We could send spearman from Santarem to Coimbra to combine? But they would arrive at different turns? Actually, if we send from Santarem to Coimbra, they march and arrive after some turns. Then from Coimbra we could attack Vigo? But Vigo is connected to Porto, not Coimbra. Vigo is [10] connected to [6] Porto and [14] Burgos. So to attack Vigo, we need to be in Porto or Burgos. Porto is closer. So we could send troops to Porto, then attack Vigo.

But we need to have 7 spearman in Porto. Porto currently has 3 troops: 2 spearman, 1 knight. We could send spearman from other villages to Porto. But they would take time to arrive. And we can only send one batch per turn from each origin? Actually, we can send multiple batches from different origins, but they arrive at different times and fight separately if they arrive at the same turn? The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if we send from multiple villages to Porto, they will arrive and join the garrison? Wait, the rule says: "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So if we send to Porto, they reinforce Porto. They don't fight immediately; they just add to the garrison. Then later, when we attack from Porto, we can use the entire garrison. So we can combine forces over multiple turns by reinforcing a village. But the enemy might attack meanwhile.

So a strategy: reinforce Porto with spearman from other villages, then once Porto has enough spearman, attack Vigo. But we need to consider that Porto is currently not producing resources, but next turn it will have 30 wood, 20 iron. It can then build spearman (15 wood) or knights. But we might want to build spearman there.

Let's think about the immediate turn. We are at turn 6. We can order builds and movements. The movements we order now will start marching. They will arrive at their destination after the travel time. For example, if we send spearman from Santarem to Porto, how long does it take? Santarem to Porto: road? Santarem [1] connects to Coimbra [3], which connects to Porto [6]. So Santarem -> Coimbra -> Porto. Two segments. Travel time: not given, but we can estimate. From Porto to Salamanca is 1 turn, so Porto to Coimbra might be 1 turn, Coimbra to Santarem might be 1 turn. So Santarem to Porto might be 2 turns for slow troops. So if we send now, they arrive at the end of turn 8? Actually, careful: If we order a move on turn 6, the troops start at the beginning of turn 6? They spend turn 6 marching? The report says "march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns". That means it takes that many turns to arrive. So if it takes 2 slow turns, they arrive at the start of turn 8? Or end of turn 7? Typically, if it takes N turns, they arrive after N turns, meaning they are available at the start of turn 6+N? Let's assume they arrive at the beginning of the turn after the march completes. So if we order a 1-turn march on turn 6, they arrive at the start of turn 7. If 2-turn, start of turn 8.

So we need to plan ahead.

Given the complexity, maybe we should focus on building troops this turn to increase our strength, and next turn we can start attacking. But we also need to consider that the enemy might be doing something. We don't see any enemy armies on the march, and we don't see enemy villages. The enemy might be expanding too.

Let's try to formulate a plan. We want to conquer the four neutrals as soon as possible. We need to build knights to take Salamanca and Toledo, and spearman to take Vigo and Sevilha. We have resources in the south. Let's build knights in Lisboa, Santarem, and Evora this turn. That gives 3 new knights. Also build spearman in Coimbra and Faro? Coimbra can build 2 spearman (30 wood), Faro can build 2 spearman (30 wood). Also we can build archers? Not needed immediately.

But we also need to consider that we might want to move troops to forward positions. For example, we could move the knights from Lisboa, Santarem, Evora towards Coimbra or Badajoz to be closer to Salamanca and Toledo. But they will take time.

Alternatively, we could build knights in villages closer to the targets. But Badajoz and Porto have no resources this turn. Next turn they will, so we could build there next turn. But if we build this turn in the south, we then have to move them.

Let's calculate the travel time from Lisboa to Salamanca. Lisboa -> Santarem -> Coimbra -> Salamanca. That's 3 segments. If each segment is 1 turn for fast troops, then knights (fast) would take 3 turns. That's slow. So it's better to build knights closer to the front. We can build them in Santarem or Evora? Santarem is closer: Santarem -> Coimbra -> Salamanca (2 turns). Evora -> Faro -> Badajoz -> Salamanca? Evora connects to Faro [5] and Lisboa [0]. Faro connects to Badajoz [4] and Sevilha [9]. So Evora -> Faro -> Badajoz -> Salamanca: 3 turns. So Santarem is better.

But we already have some knights in Santarem (1 knight). We can build another there. Also we have knights in Lisboa (1), Evora (0? Actually Evora has 0 knights, but we can build 1). We could send the knight from Lisboa to Santarem to consolidate. But sending takes a turn.

Maybe we should just build what we can this turn, and next turn we can send attacks. But we need to have a plan for next turn. Let's decide on builds for this turn:

We have wood/iron:
Lisboa: wood 30, iron 60 -> can build 1 knight (30/30) or 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20/10). Let's build 1 knight.
Santarem: wood 30, iron 80 -> build 1 knight (30/30) or 2 spearman or 1 archer. Build 1 knight.
Evora: wood 30, iron 80 -> build 1 knight (30/30) or 2 spearman. Build 1 knight.
Coimbra: wood 30, iron 20 -> can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20/10). Build 2 spearman.
Faro: wood 30, iron 20 -> can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20/10). Build 2 spearman.
Badajoz: 0/0 -> nothing.
Porto: 0/0 -> nothing.

That uses all available wood and iron? Let's check resource usage:
Lisboa: 30 wood, 30 iron for knight -> leaves 0 wood, 30 iron.
Santarem: 30 wood, 30 iron -> leaves 0 wood, 50 iron.
Evora: 30 wood, 30 iron -> leaves 0 wood, 50 iron.
Coimbra: 30 wood for 2 spearman -> leaves 0 wood, 20 iron.
Faro: 30 wood for 2 spearman -> leaves 0 wood, 20 iron.
So we will have no wood left in most, but iron remains.

Now, next turn (turn 7), these new troops will be ready. Also, our villages will produce resources. Let's see what we'll have at the start of turn 7 (before building on turn 7):
Lisboa: wood 0 + 30 = 30, iron 30 + 20 = 50. Troops: old 3 + new 1 knight = 4 (2 spear, 0 arch, 2 knight? Wait, old: 2 spear, 1 knight. New: 1 knight. Total: 2 spear, 2 knight).
Santarem: wood 0 + 30 = 30, iron 50 + 20 = 70. Old: 4 spear, 1 knight. New: 1 knight. Total: 4 spear, 2 knight.
Evora: wood 0 + 30 = 30, iron 50 + 20 = 70. Old: 2 spear. New: 1 knight. Total: 2 spear, 1 knight.
Coimbra: wood 0 + 30 = 30, iron 20 + 20 = 40. Old: 4 spear, 1 arch. New: 2 spear. Total: 6 spear, 1 arch.
Faro: wood 0 + 30 = 30, iron 20 + 20 = 40. Old: 3 spear, 3 arch, 1 knight. New: 2 spear. Total: 5 spear, 3 arch, 1 knight.
Badajoz: wood 0 + 30 = 30, iron 0 + 20 = 20. Old: 2 spear, 1 knight. Total: 2 spear, 1 knight.
Porto: wood 0 + 30 = 30, iron 0 + 20 = 20. Old: 2 spear, 1 knight. Total: 2 spear, 1 knight.

Now we have more knights: total knights = 2+2+1+1+1 = 7? Let's sum: Lisboa 2, Santarem 2, Evora 1, Coimbra 0, Faro 1, Badajoz 1, Porto 1 = 8 knights? Wait: Lisboa old 1 + new 1 = 2; Santarem old 1 + new 1 = 2; Evora old 0 + new 1 = 1; Faro old 1 = 1; Badajoz old 1 = 1; Porto old 1 = 1; Coimbra 0. Total = 2+2+1+1+1+1 = 8 knights. Spearman: Lisboa 2, Santarem 4, Evora 2, Coimbra 6, Faro 5, Badajoz 2, Porto 2 = 23 spearman. Archer: Coimbra 1, Faro 3 = 4 archer.

Now, with this, can we attack a neutral next turn? We need to send from one village. We have villages with knights: Lisboa (2 knights), Santarem (2 knights), Evora (1), Faro (1), Badajoz (1), Porto (1). To attack Salamanca (archers), we need at least 2 knights in one village to get the counter bonus and enough attack. Lisboa has 2 knights, Santarem has 2 knights. But we also need to consider the travel time to Salamanca from those villages. From Santarem to Salamanca: Santarem -> Coimbra -> Salamanca. That's 2 turns for fast? Knights are fast. The report says from Porto to Salamanca is 1 fast turn. So Porto to Salamanca is 1 turn. Coimbra to Salamanca is likely 1 turn. Santarem to Coimbra: what is the distance? Not given. But we can infer: Porto to Coimbra is a road. If Porto to Salamanca is 1 turn, and Porto to Coimbra is also a road, maybe it's 1 turn as well. Then Coimbra to Salamanca is 1 turn. So Santarem to Coimbra might be 1 turn. So Santarem to Salamanca would be 2 turns. That means if we send from Santarem on turn 7, they arrive on turn 9. Meanwhile, the neutral might harden or the enemy might do something. But we could send from Porto instead? Porto has only 1 knight. Not enough. Badajoz has 1 knight. Not enough. Coimbra has 0 knights. So we don't have a village with 2 knights close to Salamanca. We could send knights from Santarem to Coimbra to reinforce, then from Coimbra attack? But that would take even longer.

What about attacking Vigo (knights) with spearman? We need 7 spearman in one village. We have many spearman. Which village is close to Vigo? Vigo is connected to Porto. Porto currently has 2 spearman, 1 knight. We need 7 spearman there. We could send spearman from other villages to Porto. For example, from Santarem (4 spear), Coimbra (6 spear), etc. But they would take time to march. If we send from Coimbra to Porto: Coimbra to Porto is direct [3] to [6]. Distance? Probably 1 turn. So if we send on turn 7, they arrive turn 8. Then on turn 8, Porto would have more spearman. But we need 7. We could send from multiple villages over multiple turns. But we need to act fast.

Alternatively, we could attack Sevilha (knights) with spearman. Sevilha is connected to Badajoz and Faro. Badajoz has 2 spearman, 1 knight. Faro has 5 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. Faro to Sevilha: distance? Not given, but from Badajoz it's 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. So from Faro, maybe similar. Faro has 5 spearman. If we send all 5 spearman from Faro to Sevilha, that's 5 spearman. We need 7 to win with counter? Actually, 5 spearman: attack 5, no counter (since spearman vs knight gives counter? Wait, spearman counters knight! So if we send spearman against knights, we get the counter bonus. So 5 spearman with counter: effective attack = 5 * 1.5 = 7.5. That's not >10. We need >10, so we need at least 7 spearman (10.5). So 5 is not enough. We could send from Faro and also from another village? But they fight separately. So we need 7 in one send.

So we need to accumulate troops in one village. We can do that by sending reinforcements to a village over several turns. But the enemy might attack us meanwhile. Also, we need to consider that we can build troops in that village. For example, Porto can build spearman next turn (30 wood, 15 per spearman, so 2 spearman). But that's not enough.

Maybe we should focus on building more troops before attacking. We can also send troops to neutral villages? No, we can only attack by sending to an enemy or neutral village. Sending to a neutral attacks it.

Another idea: we could attack a neutral with a mixed force that doesn't rely on counter but just has high attack. For example, if we send many archers or knights without worrying about counter, we need raw attack >10. Archers have attack 2, so need 6 archers (12). Knights attack 4, need 3 knights (12). We have 4 archers total, not enough in one village. We have up to 2 knights in some villages, not 3. So we can't do that yet.

So we need more builds. Let's consider building more knights and spearman next turn. On turn 7, we will have more resources. We can then build more. But we need to act quickly.

Perhaps we should use this turn (turn 6) to move troops to forward positions and build what we can. Then next turn, we can build more and attack.

Let's think about the enemy. We don't see any enemy armies. The enemy might be far away. We have time to prepare.

Let's outline a plan for turn 6 orders:

Builds:
- Lisboa: build 1 knight (uses 30 wood, 30 iron)
- Santarem: build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron)
- Evora: build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron)
- Coimbra: build 2 spearman (30 wood)
- Faro: build 2 spearman (30 wood)
Badajoz and Porto: no build (no resources).

Movements: We want to position troops for future attacks. We need to get knights to the front for Salamanca/Toledo, and spearman to the front for Vigo/Sevilha.

We could send the knights from Lisboa and Evora to Santarem to consolidate knights there. Then Santarem can send them to Coimbra, etc. But sending takes time. Let's see travel times:
- Lisboa to Santarem: [0] to [1]. Distance? Not given. Likely 1 turn.
- Evora to Santarem? Evora [2] connects to Faro [5] and Lisboa [0]. To get to Santarem, Evora -> Lisboa -> Santarem, or Evora -> Faro -> Badajoz -> Santarem. Longer.
Maybe send Evora's new knight to Faro? Faro already has a knight. Not sure.

Alternatively, we could send spearman to Porto to prepare for Vigo attack. Porto is close to Vigo. We can send spearman from Coimbra (6 spear) and Santarem (4 spear) to Porto. But they would take turns. Let's check distances: Coimbra to Porto: [3] to [6]. Likely 1 turn. Santarem to Porto: [1] to [3] to [6]? Or [1] to [4] Badajoz to [6]? Actually, Santarem connects to Badajoz [4] as well. So Santarem -> Badajoz -> Porto? Badajoz to Porto: [4] to [6]? No, Badajoz connects to Porto? Road: [4] Badajoz: [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. Not directly to Porto. So Santarem to Porto via Coimbra: Santarem -> Coimbra -> Porto. That's 2 turns. Or via Badajoz: Santarem -> Badajoz -> ? Badajoz doesn't connect to Porto directly. So Coimbra route is better.

If we send from Coimbra to Porto on turn 6 (1 turn), they arrive turn 7. From Santarem to Porto (2 turns) would arrive turn 8. So we can start reinforcing Porto.

But we also need to consider that we might want to attack Salamanca from Coimbra. Coimbra currently has 6 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knights. If we send knights there, we can attack Salamanca. We could send knights from Santarem to Coimbra. Santarem has 2 knights (after build). Send them to Coimbra? That would take 1 turn (Santarem to Coimbra). Then Coimbra would have 2 knights. Then from Coimbra to Salamanca is 1 turn. So if we send on turn 6, they arrive turn 7 at Coimbra. Then on turn 7 we can order them to attack Salamanca? But orders are simultaneous: on turn 7, we write orders based on the map at the start of turn 7. At that time, the knights have arrived at Coimbra (if we ordered them to move on turn 6). So we can then order them from Coimbra to Salamanca on turn 7. They would arrive and fight on turn 8. That's a bit slow.

Maybe we can send them directly from Santarem to Salamanca? Santarem to Salamanca is 2 turns (Santarem -> Coimbra -> Salamanca). If we send on turn 6, they arrive turn 8. Same time.

What if we send from Porto to Salamanca? Porto has 1 knight. Not enough.

We need to get 2 knights to a village that is 1 turn from Salamanca. The villages 1 turn from Salamanca are Porto, Coimbra, Badajoz (probably). We need to have 2 knights in one of those. We can build knights there? Badajoz and Porto have no resources this turn, but next turn they will. On turn 7, Badajoz will have 30 wood, 20 iron. It can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) but iron is only 20, so it cannot build a knight! It needs 30 iron. So Badajoz cannot build a knight next turn either. It would need to accumulate iron over multiple turns. Porto similarly: 30 wood, 20 iron, cannot build knight. So we cannot build knights in those frontier villages quickly. We need to send knights from the south.

So we should send knights from the south to a forward village. Let's send the knights from Lisboa and Santarem to Coimbra? Or to Badajoz? Let's see: Coimbra is 1 turn from Salamanca. Badajoz is 1 turn from Salamanca and also 1 turn from Toledo. So both are good. Coimbra currently has no knights. Badajoz has 1 knight. If we send knights to Badajoz, we can reinforce it. Badajoz already has 1 knight, so if we send 1 more, it has 2. Then we can attack from Badajoz.

Travel time to Badajoz: from Santarem: Santarem to Badajoz is direct [1] to [4]. Distance? Not given. Likely 1 turn. From Lisboa: Lisboa to Santarem to Badajoz: 2 turns. From Evora: Evora to Faro to Badajoz: 2 turns. So Santarem is closest.

So on turn 6, we could send the newly built knight from Santarem to Badajoz? But wait, we are building knights this turn; they won't be ready until next turn. So we can't send them this turn. We can only send troops that are currently available. The available troops in Santarem are 4 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. We could send the 1 knight to Badajoz. That would take 1 turn (assuming Santarem to Badajoz is 1 turn). Then on turn 7, Badajoz would have its own 1 knight + Santarem's 1 knight = 2 knights. Then on turn 7, we can order those 2 knights from Badajoz to attack Salamanca or Toledo. They would arrive on turn 8 (if 1 turn march). That seems reasonable.

But we also need to consider that we might want to attack this turn? We can't because we don't have enough troops. So we should use this turn to move troops into position.

Let's also consider sending spearman to Porto for Vigo. Porto has 2 spearman. We can send spearman from Coimbra (4 available? Actually, Coimbra has 4 spearman available to send now? Wait, "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" for Coimbra: 4 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight. So we can send up to 4 spearman. If we send them to Porto, they arrive next turn (1 turn). Then Porto would have 2+4=6 spearman. Still need 7. We could also send from another village? But they would arrive later. Or we could build spearman in Porto next turn. Porto will have 30 wood, so it can build 2 spearman. Then on turn 7, if we send the 4 from Coimbra (arrive turn 7) and build 2 in Porto (ready turn 7), then on turn 7 Porto would have 2 (original) + 4 (arriving) + 2 (new) = 8 spearman? But careful: the builds are ordered on turn 6? No, Porto has no resources on turn 6, so we can't build there this turn. On turn 7, Porto will have resources, so we can order builds on turn 7 for turn 8. So the new spearman would be ready on turn 8. The sent spearman from Coimbra arrive on turn 7. So on turn 7, Porto has 2 original + 4 from Coimbra = 6 spearman. Not enough to attack Vigo (need 7). On turn 8, the new 2 spearman arrive, making 8. Then we can attack Vigo on turn 8, arriving turn 9. That's a bit slow.

Alternatively, we could send spearman from Santarem to Porto? Santarem has 4 spearman. But travel time is 2 turns, so they arrive turn 8. Then combined with others, maybe we can attack earlier.

What about attacking Sevilha? Sevilha is connected to Badajoz and Faro. Faro has 5 spearman available to send? Actually, Faro available: 3 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. So we can send up to 3 spearman. If we send all 3 from Faro to Sevilha, that's 3 spearman. Need 7. Not enough. We could send from Badajoz? Badajoz has 2 spearman. Send them to Sevilha? Badajoz to Sevilha: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. So spearman (slow) take 2 turns. That would arrive turn 8. Then combined with Faro's 3? But they fight separately. So we need a single send of 7 spearman from one village. We could accumulate in Faro or Badajoz.

Maybe we should focus on one target at a time. Let's prioritize. The four neutrals: Salamanca and Toledo are archers, Vigo and Sevilha are knights. We need knights for archers, spearman for knights. We have more spearman naturally. It might be easier to build up spearman and attack the knight villages. But we need 7 spearman in one village. We have many spearman spread out. We can gather them.

Let's see which village can quickly gather 7 spearman. Porto is a gateway to Vigo. Coimbra is a gateway to Salamanca. Badajoz is gateway to Toledo and Sevilha. Faro is gateway to Sevilha.

We could send spearman to Porto from Coimbra and Santarem. Coimbra to Porto: 1 turn. Santarem to Porto: 2 turns (via Coimbra). So on turn 6, send 4 spearman from Coimbra to Porto. On turn 7, they arrive. On turn 7, Porto has 2 original + 4 = 6. Also on turn 7, we can send more from somewhere? Maybe from Santarem? But they take 2 turns. Or we can build in Porto on turn 7: 2 spearman (ready turn 8). So on turn 8, Porto has 8. Then attack Vigo on turn 8, arrive turn 9. That's the earliest for Vigo.

What about Sevilha? Faro has 3 spearman available now. Send them to Sevilha? But they would fight alone: 3 spearman vs 4 knights: attack 3, counter 1.5 = 4.5 < 10, lose. So we need to accumulate in Faro or Badajoz. Badajoz has 2 spearman. Send them to Sevilha? 2 spearman not enough. We could send spearman from Santarem to Badajoz to reinforce, then from Badajoz to Sevilha. But that takes time.

Maybe we should attack Salamanca first because it's an archer village, and we can use knights. Knights have high attack. We can get 2 knights to Coimbra or Badajoz. Let's see: we can send the knight from Santarem to Badajoz (1 turn). Also send the knight from Lisboa to Santarem? Then from Santarem to Badajoz? That's slower. Or send Lisboa's knight to Coimbra? Lisboa to Coimbra: Lisboa -> Santarem -> Coimbra (2 turns). So not fast.

What about sending knights from Evora? Evora has 0 knights now, but we can build 1 this turn. Then send it to Faro (1 turn? Evora to Faro: direct [2] to [5]. Distance? Probably 1 turn). Then from Faro to Badajoz? Faro to Badajoz: [5] to [4]. Distance? Probably 1 turn. So Evora knight could go Evora -> Faro -> Badajoz in 2 turns. Or we could send it directly to Sevilha? But Sevilha is knights, we want spearman there.

Let's think about the bigger picture. We need to expand. Maybe we should just build as much as we can this turn and next turn, and then launch attacks. But we need to give orders now.

Another consideration: we might want to send troops to explore unexplored villages. We can send armies to unexplored villages to reveal them. But they might be enemy or neutral. If we send a small force, they might get defeated. We need to be careful.

We could send a reconnaissance army to, say, Madrid [12] from Salamanca? But we don't control Salamanca. We could send from our villages to unexplored villages along the roads. For example, from Porto to Vigo (neutral) we see Vigo. From Vigo, the road goes to Burgos [14] (unexplored). So if we conquer Vigo, we can see Burgos. Similarly, from Salamanca we can see Madrid. So we need to conquer the neutrals to explore further.

Given the time, I think we should focus on building and moving troops to prepare for attacks next turn. Let's decide on specific orders for this turn.

First, builds: we have resources in Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, Coimbra, Faro. Let's build to maximize our army. We want knights for Salamanca/Toledo, and spearman for Vigo/Sevilha. We can build knights in Lisboa, Santarem, Evora. That's 3 knights. We can build spearman in Coimbra (2) and Faro (2). That's 4 spearman. Also, we might want to build archers? Not needed yet.

So builds:
- Lisboa: 1 knight
- Santarem: 1 knight
- Evora: 1 knight
- Coimbra: 2 spearman
- Faro: 2 spearman

Now movements: We want to position troops. We have existing troops we can move. Let's consider moving the knight from Santarem to Badajoz. Santarem has 1 knight available now. Badajoz is 1 turn away? We need to know the distance. The report doesn't give Santarem to Badajoz, but they are connected: [1] Santarem: [0], [3], [4]. So direct. Likely 1 turn. So we can send 1 knight from Santarem to Badajoz. That will arrive next turn. Badajoz already has 1 knight, so it will have 2 knights. Then from Badajoz, we can attack Toledo (1 turn) or Salamanca (1 turn). Toledo is also 1 turn from Badajoz. So that's good.

Also, we could send the knight from Lisboa to Santarem? Lisboa has 1 knight available. Send to Santarem (1 turn). Then Santarem will have its original 1 + new 1 = 2 knights. But we are also sending Santarem's knight away. So if we send Santarem's knight to Badajoz, Santarem would have 0 knights, then receive 1 from Lisboa, net 1. Not ideal. Maybe we should keep knights in Santarem to attack from there? But Santarem to Salamanca is 2 turns. Badajoz is 1 turn to Salamanca/Toledo. So Badajoz is better as a staging point.

What if we send Lisboa's knight to Badajoz? Lisboa to Badajoz: Lisboa -> Santarem -> Badajoz (2 turns). That's slower.

So maybe we should send Santarem's knight to Badajoz, and also send Lisboa's knight to Santarem to replace it? Then Santarem has 1 knight, which can be used later. But Lisboa's knight takes 1 turn to reach Santarem, so on turn 7, Santarem has 1 knight (from Lisboa) plus the new build (1 knight) = 2 knights? Wait, the new build is ready on turn 7. So on turn 7, Santarem will have its original 1 knight (if we didn't send it) plus the new 1, total 2. If we send the original 1 to Badajoz, then on turn 7 Santarem has 0 original + 1 from Lisboa (arriving turn 7) + 1 new build (ready turn 7) = 2 knights. So that works: we can have 2 knights in Santarem on turn 7, and Badajoz has 2 knights (its own 1 + Santarem's 1). Then we can attack from both.

But we need to consider travel times: Santarem's knight to Badajoz takes 1 turn (arrive turn 7). Lisboa's knight to Santarem takes 1 turn (arrive turn 7). So on turn 7, both moves complete. Then on turn 7, we can order attacks from Badajoz and Santarem? But from Santarem to Salamanca is 2 turns, so attack would arrive turn 9. From Badajoz to Salamanca is 1 turn, arrive turn 8. So Badajoz attack is faster.

Maybe we should send both knights to Badajoz? We can send Santarem's knight (1 turn) and also send Lisboa's knight to Badajoz? But Lisboa to Badajoz is 2 turns, so it would arrive turn 8. Not in time for a turn 7 attack.

Alternatively, we could send the knight from Evora? Evora has no knight now, but we build one. We could send it to Faro (1 turn), then Faro to Badajoz (1 turn). That's 2 turns.

Let's think about what we can do on turn 7. On turn 7, we will have new builds ready. We want to launch an attack on a neutral on turn 7 that arrives turn 8. To do that, we need to send from a village that is 1 turn from the target on turn 7. The villages that are 1 turn from Salamanca: Porto, Coimbra, Badajoz. 1 turn from Toledo: Badajoz. 1 turn from Vigo: Porto. 1 turn from Sevilha: Badajoz (2 turns for slow, but 1 for fast? Actually, Sevilha from Badajoz: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. So knights (fast) take 1 turn. Spearman (slow) take 2 turns. So if we attack with knights, it's 1 turn; with spearman, 2 turns.)

So if we want to attack Salamanca with knights on turn 7, we need 2 knights in Porto, Coimbra, or Badajoz at the start of turn 7. Currently, Badajoz has 1 knight, Porto has 1, Coimbra 0. We can send knights to those villages on turn 6 to arrive by turn 7. The only knight we can send that arrives by turn 7 is from a village 1 turn away. Santarem to Badajoz is likely 1 turn. So we can send Santarem's knight to Badajoz, arriving turn 7. Then Badajoz has 2 knights. Also, we can build a knight in Badajoz? No, no resources. So on turn 7, Badajoz has 2 knights. Then we can order them to attack Salamanca (1 turn), arriving turn 8. That works.

What about Toledo? Also 1 turn from Badajoz. So we could attack Toledo instead. Or we could attack both if we have enough knights? But we only have 2 knights there.

We also have Coimbra: we could send knights to Coimbra. But Coimbra is 1 turn from Salamanca. Can we get knights to Coimbra by turn 7? Coimbra is 1 turn from Santarem? Santarem to Coimbra: [1] to [3]. Likely 1 turn. So we could send Santarem's knight to Coimbra instead. Then Coimbra has 1 knight. Not enough. We could also send Lisboa's knight to Coimbra? Lisboa to Coimbra is 2 turns (via Santarem). So not by turn 7. So Badajoz is better because it already has 1 knight, so we only need to send 1 more.

So let's plan: on turn 6, send 1 knight from Santarem to Badajoz. Also, we might want to send spearman to Porto for Vigo. But we need 7 spearman there. We can send spearman from Coimbra to Porto (1 turn). Coimbra has 4 spearman available. Send them to Porto, arriving turn 7. Then Porto has 2+4=6 spearman. Not enough for an attack on turn 7 (need 7). We could also send spearman from another village? Santarem to Porto is 2 turns, so not by turn 7. So we can't attack Vigo on turn 7. We could attack Vigo later.

What about Sevilha? From Badajoz, we could send spearman to Sevilha, but it takes 2 turns for slow. So if we send on turn 7, arrive turn 9. We need 7 spearman in Badajoz. Badajoz has 2 spearman. We can send spearman from Santarem to Badajoz (1 turn). Santarem has 4 spearman. Send them to Badajoz, arriving turn 7. Then Badajoz has 2+4=6 spearman. Still need 1 more. We could build a spearman in Badajoz? No resources. Or send from another village. So not enough for turn 7 attack.

So the most immediate offensive is the knight attack on Salamanca or Toledo from Badajoz. Let's choose Salamanca first? Or Toledo? Both are similar. Salamanca is connected to Porto, Coimbra, Badajoz, Madrid. Toledo is connected to Badajoz, Cordoba, Madrid, Teruel. Taking Salamanca might give us a path to Madrid via Coimbra? Actually, Salamanca connects to Madrid [12]. So from Salamanca we can go to Madrid. Toledo also connects to Madrid. So either is fine. Let's take Salamanca because it's also connected to Porto and Coimbra, which we already have? Actually, we have Porto and Coimbra. So taking Salamanca links our territory directly to Madrid.

So plan: turn 6: build knights and spearman as decided. Move Santarem's knight to Badajoz. Also, maybe move some spearman to Porto for future Vigo attack. Move Coimbra's 4 spearman to Porto. Also, we might want to move Evora's new knight? Not yet.

But we also need to consider defense. Our villages are interior, but as we move troops forward, we might leave our villages vulnerable. The enemy might attack us. Currently no enemy visible, so probably safe.

Let's also consider that we can send troops to our own villages to reinforce them. For example, we could send the new knights from Lisboa and Evora to Santarem or Coimbra to build up a reserve.

Let's list all possible moves and then decide.

Available troops to send now (from each village, we can send any number up to the available):

Lisboa: 2 spear, 0 arch, 1 knight. We could send the knight to Santarem (1 turn) to reinforce. Or send spearman.
Santarem: 4 spear, 0 arch, 1 knight. We want to send the knight to Badajoz. We could also send some spearman to Badajoz or Coimbra.
Evora: 2 spear, 0 arch, 0 knight. Send spearman? Or nothing.
Coimbra: 4 spear, 1 arch, 0 knight. Send spearman to Porto or Badajoz.
Badajoz: 2 spear, 0 arch, 1 knight. We might keep them for defense? Or send to Salamanca? But we need to attack Salamanca with knights, not spearman. So we keep the knight there, and maybe send spearman to Sevilha? But not enough.
Faro: 3 spear, 3 arch, 1 knight. Send spearman to Badajoz? Or keep.
Porto: 2 spear, 0 arch, 1 knight. Keep for now.

We need to decide on a coherent strategy.

I propose: 
- Focus on capturing Salamanca with knights from Badajoz.
- To do that, we need 2 knights in Badajoz. Currently 1. We send Santarem's knight to Badajoz.
- We also want to prepare for capturing Toledo later. We can send knights to Badajoz from elsewhere, but for now 2 is enough for one attack.
- We should also build up Porto for Vigo. Send Coimbra's 4 spearman to Porto.
- Send Evora's spearman? Maybe to Faro to build up Faro for Sevilha? Or send to Badajoz to build up spearman for Sevilha.
- We should also build troops.

Let's think about the economy. After this turn, we will have used a lot of wood. Next turn, we will have more resources. We can continue building.

We also need to consider that we might want to attack a neutral with a mixed force that doesn't require counter? For example, if we send 3 knights, we can beat any defense 10 without counter? 3 knights attack 12, no counter needed. But we need 3 knights in one village. We don't have that many in one place yet. We could build up to 3 knights in Badajoz over time. But we can't on turn 6.

What if we send the knight from Lisboa to Badajoz? That takes 2 turns. So not for turn 7 attack.

So the earliest attack is Salamanca on turn 7 from Badajoz with 2 knights, arriving turn 8. Let's verify the combat: Badajoz sends 2 knights to Salamanca. Salamanca has 4 archers, defense 10. Our knights: attack 4 each, total 8. Most numerous: knights (2) vs archers (4). Knights counter archers, so we get 1.5x bonus. Effective attack = 8 * 1.5 = 12. 12 > 10, so we win. We take losses: attrition against loser's effective force. The loser's effective force? The defender's attack? Archers attack 2 each, total 8. But in defense, do they use attack or defense? The rule: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs." So the defender's force is their defense (10). The loser is the defender, so their effective force is 10? The rule says "attrition against the loser's effective force". So our losses are based on the loser's effective force, which is 10. We might lose some knights. How many? The rule doesn't specify exactly. It might be that we lose troops equal to the loser's effective force divided by something? Not clear. In many such games, losses are proportional. We can assume we'll lose at least 1 knight. With 2 knights, we might lose 1, leaving 1. That would be a pyrrhic victory. But we would gain the village. The village would then have its own garrison? When we conquer a neutral, do we get the village with its troops? No, the garrison is defeated. We would need to send troops to garrison it. So after taking Salamanca, we would need to send troops there to hold it. Otherwise, it might revert? The rules don't say, but typically you need to occupy it. We can send troops from somewhere to garrison it after capture.

So we need to consider that after taking Salamanca, we should send troops to it to defend and to use its resources. Salamanca will produce 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. But it starts with 0 troops? Actually, when conquered, the enemy troops are destroyed. We can then send our own troops there.

So the plan: turn 6: build and move. Turn 7: attack Salamanca from Badajoz with 2 knights. Also on turn 7, we can send troops to garrison Salamanca after it falls? But the attack arrives turn 8. So on turn 8, we take Salamanca. Then on turn 8, we can send troops from somewhere to Salamanca to hold it. But they would take time to arrive. Meanwhile, the enemy might recapture it? We need to secure it.

Given the complexity, maybe we should just try to get the orders in and see what happens. The game will provide a report next turn.

Let's decide on the exact orders for turn 6.

Builds:
- [0] Lisboa: build 1 knight
- [1] Santarem: build 1 knight
- [2] Evora: build 1 knight
- [3] Coimbra: build 2 spearman
- [5] Faro: build 2 spearman

Movements:
- From [1] Santarem to [4] Badajoz: send 1 knight (the available one). This will reinforce Badajoz.
- From [3] Coimbra to [6] Porto: send 4 spearman (all available). This will reinforce Porto for future Vigo attack.
- From [2] Evora to [5] Faro: send 2 spearman? Or maybe send the 2 spearman to Faro to help with Sevilha? But Faro already has 3 spearman. We could send them to Badajoz instead? Evora to Badajoz: Evora -> Faro -> Badajoz, 2 turns. So not by turn 7. Let's send Evora's 2 spearman to Faro (1 turn) to build up Faro. Then from Faro we can later attack Sevilha or reinforce Badajoz.
- From [0] Lisboa to [1] Santarem: send 1 knight? Or send 2 spearman? We want to keep knights for attack. Maybe send the knight from Lisboa to Santarem to replace the one we sent away. That way Santarem still has a knight. But Santarem will also get a new knight from build, so it will have 2 knights on turn 7 if we send Lisboa's knight. Actually, if we send Lisboa's knight to Santarem, it arrives turn 7. Santarem's original knight is sent to Badajoz (arrives turn 7). So on turn 7, Santarem has 0 original knight + 1 from Lisboa + 1 new build = 2 knights. That's good. So we can send 1 knight from Lisboa to Santarem.
- Also, we might want to send some spearman from Santarem to Badajoz? Santarem has 4 spearman. We could send some to Badajoz to prepare for Sevilha attack. Badajoz is 1 turn away. Send 2 spearman from Santarem to Badajoz? But we need to keep some in Santarem for defense. Let's send 2 spearman from Santarem to Badajoz. That will give Badajoz more spearman. Badajoz currently has 2 spearman. With 2 more, it has 4. Still not enough for Sevilha (need 7). But we can build more later.

Let's also consider sending from Faro to Badajoz? Faro has 3 spearman. Send them to Badajoz? Faro to Badajoz: [5] to [4]. Distance? Probably 1 turn. So we could send Faro's 3 spearman to Badajoz, arriving turn 7. Then Badajoz would have 2 (original) + 2 (from Santarem) + 3 (from Faro) = 7 spearman! That would be enough to attack Sevilha with spearman on turn 7! But wait: they all arrive on turn 7? If we send from Santarem (1 turn) and Faro (1 turn) and they both arrive turn 7, then on turn 7 Badajoz has 7 spearman. Then we can order an attack from Badajoz to Sevilha on turn 7. Sevilha is 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast from Badajoz. If we send spearman (slow), it takes 2 turns, so they would arrive turn 9. If we send knights (fast), it takes 1 turn. But we are attacking with spearman because Sevilha has knights, and spearman counters knights. So we need to send spearman. They take 2 turns. So the attack would be ordered on turn 7, arrive turn 9. That's fine. But we need to have the 7 spearman in Badajoz at the start of turn 7 to order them. Our movements on turn 6: Santarem to Badajoz (2 spearman) and Faro to Badajoz (3 spearman) both take 1 turn? Let's check distances: Santarem to Badajoz: direct, likely 1 turn. Faro to Badajoz: direct [5] to [4], likely 1 turn. So they would both arrive at the start of turn 7. Then Badajoz would have its original 2 spearman + 2 + 3 = 7 spearman. Also, Badajoz has 1 knight (original) + 1 knight from Santarem (arriving turn 7) = 2 knights. So Badajoz becomes a powerful forward base!

But we must check if we can send that many spearman. Santarem has 4 spearman available; we send 2. Faro has 3 spearman available; we send 3. That leaves Santarem with 2 spearman, Faro with 0 spearman. Is that okay? We might want to keep some for defense. But our villages are interior and no enemy nearby, so maybe it's okay.

Also, we need to consider that we are sending troops from Faro, which is our southern village. If we empty Faro of spearman, it only has 3 archer and 1 knight left. That might be vulnerable if the enemy attacks there, but we don't see enemy.

So this plan seems good: on turn 6, we send spearman to Badajoz to set up an attack on Sevilha. Also send knights to Badajoz for Salamanca/Toledo.

But wait: we also have the knight from Santarem going to Badajoz. That's 1 knight. So Badajoz gets 1 knight from Santarem, and 2 spearman from Santarem. That's a total of 3 troops from Santarem. Santarem has 4 spearman, 1 knight available. So we can send 2 spearman and 1 knight. That's 3, leaving 2 spearman in Santarem. Good.

From Faro: send 3 spearman to Badajoz. Faro has 3 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. So we send all spearman, leaving 3 archer, 1 knight.

From Coimbra: send 4 spearman to Porto. Coimbra has 4 spearman, 1 archer. Send all 4 spearman, leaving 1 archer.

From Lisboa: send 1 knight to Santarem. Lisboa has 2 spearman, 1 knight. Send 1 knight, leaving 2 spearman.

From Evora: send 2 spearman to Faro? Or to Badajoz? Evora to Badajoz is 2 turns, so they wouldn't arrive by turn 7. We could send them to Faro (1 turn) to reinforce Faro. But Faro will be empty of spearman. We might want to keep some spearman in the south. Let's send Evora's 2 spearman to Faro. That way Faro gets 2 spearman back, so it has 2 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. That's better.

Also, we could send from Badajoz? Badajoz has 2 spearman, 1 knight. We might want to keep them there to defend Badajoz? But we are sending reinforcements, so Badajoz will have more. We shouldn't send away its original troops yet.

So let's list all movements:

1. [1] Santarem -> [4] Badajoz: 1 knight, 2 spearman
2. [5] Faro -> [4] Badajoz: 3 spearman
3. [3] Coimbra -> [6] Porto: 4 spearman
4. [0] Lisboa -> [1] Santarem: 1 knight
5. [2] Evora -> [5] Faro: 2 spearman

Check if we have enough troops at origins:
- Santarem: available 4 spear, 0 arch, 1 knight. Send 2 spear, 1 knight. OK.
- Faro: available 3 spear, 3 arch, 1 knight. Send 3 spear. OK.
- Coimbra: available 4 spear, 1 arch, 0 knight. Send 4 spear. OK.
- Lisboa: available 2 spear, 0 arch, 1 knight. Send 1 knight. OK.
- Evora: available 2 spear, 0 arch, 0 knight. Send 2 spear. OK.

Now, what about the builds? We already decided builds. But we need to ensure the villages have resources for the builds. We checked: Lisboa 30/60, Santarem 30/80, Evora 30/80, Coimbra 30/20, Faro 30/20. All can afford the builds.

But wait: we are sending troops away from some villages that are also building. That's fine; the builds are new troops that will be ready next turn, and they stay in the village unless we move them.

Now, after these moves, on turn 7, what will our villages look like?

Let's simulate turn 7 start (after moves arrive and builds complete):

Village [0] Lisboa: 
- Original: 2 spear, 1 knight. 
- Build: +1 knight. 
- Sent: -1 knight (to Santarem). 
- Received: none? 
- Arriving: 1 knight from Lisboa to Santarem? Actually, we sent from Lisboa to Santarem, so Lisboa loses that knight. It arrives at Santarem turn 7.
So Lisboa end of turn 6: 2 spear, 0 knight? Wait, we sent 1 knight, so Lisboa has 2 spear, 0 knight. Then build adds 1 knight, so on turn 7 start, Lisboa has 2 spear, 1 knight. (The build is ready turn 7, and the sent knight is gone.) So Lisboa: 2 spear, 1 knight.

[1] Santarem:
- Original: 4 spear, 1 knight.
- Build: +1 knight.
- Sent: -2 spear, -1 knight.
- Received: +1 knight from Lisboa (arrives turn 7).
So Santarem on turn 7: spear: 4 - 2 = 2; knight: 1 (original) -1 (sent) +1 (build) +1 (from Lisboa) = 2 knights. Total: 2 spear, 2 knight.

[2] Evora:
- Original: 2 spear.
- Build: +1 knight.
- Sent: -2 spear.
- Received: none.
So Evora on turn 7: spear: 2 - 2 = 0; knight: 0 + 1 = 1. Total: 0 spear, 1 knight.

[3] Coimbra:
- Original: 4 spear, 1 arch.
- Build: +2 spear.
- Sent: -4 spear.
- Received: none.
So Coimbra on turn 7: spear: 4 + 2 - 4 = 2; arch: 1. Total: 2 spear, 1 arch.

[4] Badajoz:
- Original: 2 spear, 1 knight.
- Build: none.
- Sent: none.
- Received: +2 spear, +1 knight from Santarem; +3 spear from Faro.
So Badajoz on turn 7: spear: 2 + 2 + 3 = 7; knight: 1 + 1 = 2. Total: 7 spear, 2 knight.

[5] Faro:
- Original: 3 spear, 3 arch, 1 knight.
- Build: +2 spear.
- Sent: -3 spear.
- Received: +2 spear from Evora.
So Faro on turn 7: spear: 3 + 2 - 3 + 2 = 4; arch: 3; knight: 1. Total: 4 spear, 3 arch, 1 knight.

[6] Porto:
- Original: 2 spear, 1 knight.
- Build: none.
- Sent: none.
- Received: +4 spear from Coimbra.
So Porto on turn 7: spear: 2 + 4 = 6; knight: 1. Total: 6 spear, 1 knight.

Now, on turn 7, we have these forces. We can then order attacks and further moves.

From Badajoz, we have 7 spear and 2 knight. We can attack Sevilha with the 7 spearman. Sevilha has 4 knights, defense 10. 7 spearman with counter (spearman vs knight) gives effective attack 10.5 > 10, so we win. But we need to send them from Badajoz to Sevilha. Travel time: from Badajoz to Sevilha is 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. Spearman are slow, so 2 turns. So if we order on turn 7, they arrive turn 9. That's fine.

Also from Badajoz, we have 2 knights. We can attack Salamanca or Toledo. Salamanca is 1 turn from Badajoz (fast). If we send 2 knights, they arrive turn 8. We could attack both? But we need to decide which. We could attack Salamanca with the 2 knights, and also attack Sevilha with the 7 spearman. That would be two attacks on turn 7.

But we also need to consider that after we conquer Salamanca, we need to garrison it. We could send troops from somewhere to Salamanca after it falls. For example, on turn 8, we could send spearman from Badajoz or Coimbra to Salamanca to hold it. But they would take time.

Also, we might want to attack Toledo instead of Salamanca. Or we could attack both if we split the knights? But we only have 2 knights, so we can only send 2 from one village. They fight together. So one attack.

What about Porto? Porto has 6 spear, 1 knight. Not enough to attack Vigo (need 7 spearman). We could build more in Porto on turn 7. Porto on turn 7 will have resources: wood 30, iron 20 (from turn 6 production). It can build 2 spearman (30 wood). So if we build 2 spearman in Porto on turn 7, they will be ready turn 8. Then on turn 8, Porto will have 6 + 2 = 8 spearman. Then we can attack Vigo from Porto on turn 8 (1 turn), arriving turn 9. So that works.

So the plan for turn 7 orders (which we will decide next turn) could be:
- Build 2 spearman in Porto.
- Attack Salamanca from Badajoz with 2 knights.
- Attack Sevilha from Badajoz with 7 spearman.
- Maybe send reinforcements to Salamanca after capture? But we can't do that on turn 7 because the attack hasn't happened yet. We can plan to send troops to Salamanca on turn 8.

But we also need to consider that we might want to explore. We could send a troop to Madrid from Salamanca after we take it.

Now, we need to write the orders for turn 6. We have the builds and movements. We also need to write a plan and statement.

Let's double-check the resource costs and availability for builds:

Lisboa: wood 30, iron 60. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. OK.
Santarem: wood 30, iron 80. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. OK.
Evora: wood 30, iron 80. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. OK.
Coimbra: wood 30, iron 20. Spearman costs 15 wood. 2 spearman = 30 wood. OK.
Faro: wood 30, iron 20. Spearman costs 15 wood. 2 spearman = 30 wood. OK.

We are not building in Badajoz or Porto because they have 0 resources.

Now, are there any other builds we should consider? Maybe we should build archers somewhere? We have iron in some villages. Lisboa has 60 iron, after knight 30 left. We could build an archer there? Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. But Lisboa has 0 wood after knight? Actually, Lisboa had 30 wood, used 30 for knight, so 0 wood. So cannot build archer. Santarem: after knight, wood 0, iron 50. Cannot build archer (needs wood). Evora: wood 0, iron 50. Cannot. Coimbra: after spearman, wood 0, iron 20. Cannot build archer (needs wood). Faro: after spearman, wood 0, iron 20. Cannot. So no wood left for other builds. So our builds are optimal.

Now movements: we need to ensure the troops we send are available. We already checked.

One thing: when we send troops from Santarem to Badajoz, we are sending 1 knight and 2 spearman. But Santarem's available troops are 4 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. So we can send up to that. We send exactly that.

From Faro: 3 spearman. Available: 3 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. So we send all spearman.

From Coimbra: 4 spearman. Available: 4 spearman, 1 archer. Send all spearman.

From Lisboa: 1 knight. Available: 2 spearman, 1 knight. Send 1 knight.

From Evora: 2 spearman. Available: 2 spearman. Send both.

All good.

Now, we should also consider if we want to send any troops to our capital or other villages for defense. Our capital Lisboa will have 2 spear, 1 knight after turn 6. That's a small garrison. But it's interior and no enemy border, so probably safe. Santarem will have 2 spear, 2 knight. Coimbra: 2 spear, 1 arch. Faro: 4 spear, 3 arch, 1 knight. Porto: 6 spear, 1 knight. Badajoz: 7 spear, 2 knight. So our defenses are decent.

Now, we need to write the plan and statement.

Plan: We should write a note to ourselves about what we are doing and what to do next turn.

Statement: A brief summary for the audience.

Let's draft the plan: "We are building knights and spearman to attack the neutral villages. We are sending spearman to Badajoz to gather 7 spearman for an attack on Sevilha, and sending a knight to Badajoz to have 2 knights for Salamanca. We are also sending spearman to Porto to build up for Vigo. Next turn, we will attack Salamanca with knights from Badajoz and Sevilha with spearman from Badajoz, and build spearman in Porto for Vigo."

But we need to be concise (2-4 lines, under 600 characters).

Statement: Something like "I have consolidated my forces, building knights and spearman in my home villages. I am sending reinforcements to Badajoz to prepare for attacks on Sevilha and Salamanca, and to Porto for Vigo. My armies are on the march."

Now, we need to output the JSON.

The JSON structure:
{
  "build": [ {"villageId": 0, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}, ... ],
  "movements": [ {"fromId": 1, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "knight": 1}}, ... ],
  "plan": "...",
  "statement": "..."
}

We need to use the correct village IDs.

Builds:
- Lisboa (0): knight, 1
- Santarem (1): knight, 1
- Evora (2): knight, 1
- Coimbra (3): spearman, 2
- Faro (5): spearman, 2

Movements:
- Santarem (1) to Badajoz (4): spearman 2, knight 1
- Faro (5) to Badajoz (4): spearman 3
- Coimbra (3) to Porto (6): spearman 4
- Lisboa (0) to Santarem (1): knight 1
- Evora (2) to Faro (5): spearman 2

Let's write the JSON.

Note: The movements list should have each move as an object. We need to specify the troops as an object with keys "spearman", "archer", "knight". If a type is 0, we can include it as 0 or omit? The example shows all three. Let's include all three with 0 for missing.

So for movement from Santarem to Badajoz: {"fromId": 1, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}}

Similarly for others.

Let's construct the JSON.

We should also consider if we need to send any troops to our own villages that we are not currently sending? We have covered the main ones.

One more thing: we are sending troops from Evora to Faro. But Evora is building a knight. That knight will be ready next turn. We might want to send that knight somewhere too? But we can decide next turn.

Now, let's write the plan and statement.

Plan: "Building knights and spearman. Sending spearman to Badajoz (from Faro, Santarem) to total 7 for Sevilha attack. Sending knight to Badajoz for Salamanca. Sending spearman to Porto for Vigo. Next turn: attack Salamanca and Sevilha from Badajoz; build spearman in Porto; consider sending troops to garrison captured villages."

Statement: "I have strengthened my armies, building knights in the south and spearman in Coimbra and Faro. I am moving spearman from Faro and Santarem to Badajoz, and knights to the front, to prepare for attacks on the neutral villages of Sevilha and Salamanca. My forces are on the march."

Let's check character counts. Plan should be under 600. Statement 2-4 lines.

Now, output the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":1,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":5,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"lanceiro":3,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":3,"destinoId":6,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":0,"destinoId":1,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":2,"destinoId":5,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [0]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [1]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO envio [1]->[4]: 2S+1K
ACEITO envio [5]->[4]: 3S
ACEITO envio [3]->[6]: 4S
ACEITO envio [0]->[1]: 1K
ACEITO envio [2]->[5]: 2S
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Build knights in Lisboa, Santarem, Evora; spearman in Coimbra, Faro. Send spearman from Faro and Santarem to Badajoz to gather 7 spearman for Sevilha. Send 1 knight from Santarem to Badajoz for Salamanca. Send spearman from Coimbra to Porto for Vigo. Next turn: attack Salamanca with 2 knights from Badajoz, attack Sevilha with 7 spearman from Badajoz, build 2 spearman in Porto for Vigo. Garrison captured villages promptly.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): I have strengthened my armies, building knights in the south and spearman in Coimbra and Faro. I am moving spearman from Faro and Santarem to Badajoz, and knights to the front, to prepare for attacks on the neutral villages of Sevilha and Salamanca. My forces are on the march.
########## TURNO 6 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 2902 | resposta 7071 | raciocinio 7071 | finish content_filter | ms 101249
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B in a strategy game. I need to analyze the current state and decide on builds and movements for this turn (Turn 6).

Let's look at the current state:
- I hold 4 villages: Barcelona (22), Tarragona (21), Girona (23), Castellon (18).
- Total troops at home: 17 (7 spearman, 6 archer, 4 knight).
  - Barcelona: 3 spearman (available to send: 3 spearman)
  - Tarragona: 4 troops (0 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight available)
  - Girona: 4 troops (2 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight available)
  - Castellon: 6 troops (2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight available)
- Neutral villages nearby:
  - Zaragoza (17): 3 knights, defense 8. March from Tarragona: 1 turn.
  - Huesca (20): 3 knights, defense 8. March from Girona: 1 turn.
  - Valencia (16): 3 knights, defense 8. March from Castellon: 1 turn.
  - Teruel (13): 4 archers, defense 10. March from Castellon: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- Resources:
  - Barcelona: wood 35, iron 40.
  - Tarragona: wood 30, iron 20.
  - Girona: wood 30, iron 20.
  - Castellon: wood 0, iron 0 (just conquered, but produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn? Yes, "Each village you hold produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn." But it has 0 wood and 0 iron now, so it can't build this turn unless it has resources. Wait, does it produce first or build first? "Each village you hold produces resources every turn... Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." Castellon has 0 wood and 0 iron, so it cannot build anything this turn).

Let's check the combat rules and troop costs:
- spearman: cost 15 wood + 0 iron.
- archer: cost 20 wood + 10 iron.
- knight: cost 30 wood + 30 iron.

Let's look at the available resources for building:
- Barcelona: wood 35, iron 40.
  - Can build 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron) -> leaves 5 wood, 40 iron.
  - Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> leaves 15 wood, 30 iron.
  - Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> leaves 5 wood, 10 iron.
  - Can build 1 spearman and 1 archer: 15+20=35 wood, 0+10=10 iron. Leaves 0 wood, 30 iron.
- Tarragona: wood 30, iron 20.
  - Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) -> leaves 0 wood, 20 iron.
  - Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> leaves 10 wood, 10 iron.
  - Can build 1 spearman + 1 archer: 35 wood (not enough).
- Girona: wood 30, iron 20.
  - Same as Tarragona.
- Castellon: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.

Let's look at the map and road network:
My villages:
- Barcelona (22) connected to Tarragona (21), Girona (23).
- Tarragona (21) connected to Zaragoza (17), Castellon (18), Barcelona (22).
- Girona (23) connected to Huesca (20), Barcelona (22).
- Castellon (18) connected to Teruel (13), Valencia (16), Tarragona (21).

Enemy/Neutral villages:
- Zaragoza (17): 3 knights, defense 8.
- Huesca (20): 3 knights, defense 8.
- Valencia (16): 3 knights, defense 8.
- Teruel (13): 4 archers, defense 10.

Let's think about attacks.
Zaragoza (17) has 3 knights, defense 8.
If I attack with Tarragona: 2 archer, 2 knight.
Attack power: archers have attack 2, knights have attack 4.
Total attack: 2*2 + 2*4 = 4 + 8 = 12.
Wait, "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
If I send 2 archer, 2 knight, there is a tie between archer and knight. Tie breaks in order: spearman, archer, knight. So archer is the most numerous (or rather, the tie-breaker makes archer the most numerous type).
Archer counters spearman. Zaragoza has 3 knights. Knights counter archers.
Wait! Zaragoza has 3 knights. Knights counter archers. So if Zaragoza's most numerous type is knight (3 knights), and mine is archer/knight tie (archer wins tie-break), then Zaragoza's knight counters my archer.
Wait, "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup".
My army: 2 archer, 2 knight. Tie. Tie breaks in favor of archer. So my most numerous type is archer.
Enemy army (garrison): 3 knights. Most numerous type is knight.
Knight counters archer. So the enemy has the counter bonus!
Enemy gets 1.5x multiplier on their defense? No, "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5".
So the attacker gets the counter bonus if their most numerous type counters the defender's most numerous type.
If I attack with 2 archer, 2 knight (most numerous: archer), and defender has 3 knights (most numerous: knight).
Does archer counter knight? No, knight counters archer. Spearman counters knight. Archer counters spearman.
So I do NOT have the counter bonus. The defender has knight, I have archer. Knight counters archer, but the rule says "Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5". Does the defender get a counter bonus?
"When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle... Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5 (every troop in it, not only the countering type)."
It says "Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force". It doesn't specify if it's only for the attacker or also for the defender. But usually, the one who has the counter gets the bonus. If defender has knight and attacker has archer, defender's knight counters attacker's archer. Does defender get 1.5x defense?
Let's read carefully: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
If attacker's most numerous counters defender's most numerous, attacker gets 1.5x. If defender's most numerous counters attacker's most numerous, defender gets 1.5x? Or is it only the attacker who can get the counter bonus?
"Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5". "Your" refers to the side that has the counter.
Let's calculate the effective force if I attack Zaragoza with 2 archer, 2 knight.
My attack: 2 archer (attack 2) + 2 knight (attack 4) = 4 + 8 = 12.
Defender: 3 knights. Defense of knight is 2. Location bonus: village defense x1.25.
Effective defense of Zaragoza is 8 (already includes location bonus).
Wait, the report says: "effective defense (location bonus included): 8 (was 5, 5 turns ago)".
So the defender's effective defense is 8.
If defender gets counter bonus (since knight counters archer), defense becomes 8 * 1.5 = 12.
If defender does NOT get counter bonus, defense is 8.
My attack is 12. If defense is 8, I win. If defense is 12, it's a tie, and "A tie favors the DEFENDER", so I lose!
This is very important. Let's look at the neutral villages:
Zaragoza: 3 knights. If I send spearmen, spearman counters knight.
If I send 3 spearman from Barcelona: attack 3 * 1 = 3. Most numerous: spearman. Defender: knight. Spearman counters knight! So I get 1.5x multiplier.
Attack becomes 3 * 1.5 = 4.5. Defense is 8. I lose.
If I send 2 spearman, 2 archer from Girona? Girona has 2 spearman, 2 archer.
Attack: 2*1 + 2*2 = 6. Most numerous: tie (spearman, archer). Tie breaks to spearman. Spearman counters knight. Multiplier 1.5.
Attack becomes 6 * 1.5 = 9. Defense is 8. I win!
But wait, Girona is connected to Huesca (20), not Zaragoza (17).
Girona (23) -> Huesca (20).
Tarragona (21) -> Zaragoza (17).
Castellon (18) -> Teruel (13), Valencia (16).

Let's check the troops I can send to Zaragoza (17) from Tarragona (21):
Tarragona has: 0 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight.
If I send 2 archer, 2 knight:
Attack: 2*2 + 2*4 = 12. Most numerous: tie (archer, knight) -> archer. Defender: knight. Archer does not counter knight. Knight counters archer. So no counter bonus for me. Does defender get counter bonus? If yes, defense 8 * 1.5 = 12. Tie -> defender wins. If no, defense 8, attack 12 -> I win.
What if I send only 2 knights? Attack 8. Most numerous: knight. Defender: knight. No counter. Defense 8. Tie -> defender wins.
What if I send only 2 archers? Attack 4. Most numerous: archer. Defender: knight. No counter. Defense 8. I lose.
What if I send 1 archer, 1 knight? Attack 2+4=6. Most numerous: tie -> archer. No counter. Defense 8. I lose.
So from Tarragona, I can only win if defender doesn't get counter bonus, or if I send something else. But Tarragona has no spearmen.

Wait, can I send troops from Barcelona (22) to Tarragona (21) to reinforce Tarragona, and then from Tarragona to Zaragoza?
"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
But if I send from Barcelona to Tarragona, they arrive at Tarragona. Then Tarragona's troops can attack Zaragoza. But they would have to march from Tarragona to Zaragoza, which takes 1 turn. If I send from Barcelona to Tarragona, they arrive at Tarragona this turn (march distance is 1 turn? Barcelona to Tarragona is connected directly: [22] Barcelona - [21] Tarragona. March distance: 1 turn).
If they arrive at Tarragona this turn, they join the garrison. But the attack on Zaragoza would have to be ordered this turn from Tarragona. The troops from Barcelona wouldn't be there yet to attack Zaragoza this turn, because they are marching to Tarragona. "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now."
So if I order an attack from Tarragona to Zaragoza, the troops used are only those currently at Tarragona (at the start of the turn). The troops from Barcelona marching to Tarragona will arrive at the end of the turn/start of next turn, so they cannot be part of the attack on Zaragoza this turn.
Wait, "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements."
So if I send troops from Barcelona to Tarragona, they will arrive and join Tarragona's garrison for NEXT turn's attacks.

Let's look at the plan from last turn:
"Conquer Castellon this turn using Tarragona's full garrison. Reinforce Tarragona with Barcelona's archers and knights. Build 3 spearmen in Barcelona for next turn's push towards Zaragoza and Huesca. Keep Girona's troops on hold for now."
Wait, last turn I attacked Castellon with Tarragona's troops? No, the report says:
"What happened last turn:
- You attacked [18] Castellon with 2 spearmen, 2 archers, 3 knights (effective force 18 vs its defense 8): VICTORY, conquered. You lost 1 troop; 6 troops stay there as its new garrison.
- Your reinforcement (2 archers, 2 knights) arrived at [21] Tarragona"
Ah! So Castellon was conquered. The troops that attacked Castellon were from Tarragona? Or from somewhere else? "You attacked [18] Castellon with 2 spearmen, 2 archers, 3 knights... 6 troops stay there as its new garrison."
And "Your reinforcement (2 archers, 2 knights) arrived at [21] Tarragona".
So now Castellon is mine, and Tarragona has 2 archers and 2 knights (the reinforcement that arrived).
Let's check the current troops at Tarragona: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight". This matches.

My current villages:
- Barcelona: 3 spearman.
- Tarragona: 2 archer, 2 knight.
- Girona: 2 spearman, 2 archer.
- Castellon: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight.

Let's look at the neutral villages I can attack this turn:
- Zaragoza (17): 3 knights, defense 8. March from Tarragona: 1 turn.
- Huesca (20): 3 knights, defense 8. March from Girona: 1 turn.
- Valencia (16): 3 knights, defense 8. March from Castellon: 1 turn.
- Teruel (13): 4 archers, defense 10. March from Castellon: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. (So 2 turns for spearmen/archers, 1 turn for knights? Wait, "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means 2 turns for slow troops, 1 turn for medium/fast. So knights take 1 turn, archers take 1 turn? No, archer is medium, knight is fast. So archers take 1 turn? Wait, "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means:
  - slow (spearman): 2 turns
  - medium (archer): 1 turn? Or is it 2 slow, 1 medium, 1 fast? The format is "X slow / Y medium / Z fast turns". So 2 slow turns, 1 medium turn, 1 fast turn? No, usually it means the number of turns for each speed type. So spearman takes 2 turns, archer takes 1 turn, knight takes 1 turn. Let's assume archer takes 1 turn, knight takes 1 turn, spearman takes 2 turns.
Wait, if archer takes 1 turn, why does it say "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? It means the march takes 2 turns if you have slow troops, 1 turn if you have only medium or fast troops. So a mixed army takes the slowest, which is 2 turns. If I send only archers, it takes 1 turn. If I send only knights, it takes 1 turn.)

Let's analyze the attacks on the 1-turn villages:
1. Zaragoza (17): 3 knights, defense 8.
   - From Tarragona (21): I have 2 archer, 2 knight.
     If I send 2 archer, 2 knight:
     Attack: 2*2 + 2*4 = 12.
     Most numerous: tie (archer/knight) -> archer.
     Defender: knight. Knight counters archer.
     Does defender get counter bonus? If yes, defense 8 * 1.5 = 12. Tie -> defender wins.
     If defender does NOT get counter bonus, defense 8, attack 12 -> I win.
     Let's check the combat rules again: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5 (every troop in it, not only the countering type). The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
     It says "Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5". It doesn't say "only the attacker". It says "your WHOLE army's force". If the defender's most numerous type (knight) counters the attacker's most numerous type (archer), then the defender "has the counter". So the defender's force (defense) is multiplied by 1.5.
     If so, defense = 8 * 1.5 = 12. My attack = 12. Tie -> defender wins.
     What if I send only 2 knights? Attack 8. Most numerous: knight. Defender: knight. No counter. Defense 8. Tie -> defender wins.
     What if I send only 2 archers? Attack 4. Most numerous: archer. Defender: knight. Defender has counter. Defense 8 * 1.5 = 12. Attack 4 -> I lose.
     What if I send 1 archer, 1 knight? Attack 6. Most numerous: tie -> archer. Defender has counter. Defense 12. Attack 6 -> I lose.
     So Tarragona cannot take Zaragoza on its own if defender gets counter bonus.
     Wait, what if I send 1 knight? Attack 4. Most numerous: knight. No counter. Defense 8. I lose.
     What if I send 2 archer, 1 knight? Attack 2*2 + 4 = 8. Most numerous: archer. Defender has counter. Defense 12. I lose.
     What if I send 1 archer, 2 knight? Attack 2 + 8 = 10. Most numerous: knight. No counter. Defense 8. Attack 10 > 8 -> I win!
     But Tarragona only has 2 archer and 2 knight. I can send 1 archer and 2 knight, leaving 1 archer at Tarragona.
     Let's check if I can send 1 archer and 2 knight:
     Attack: 1*2 + 2*4 = 10.
     Most numerous: knight (2 vs 1). Defender: knight. No counter (knight vs knight).
     Defense: 8.
     Attack 10 > Defense 8. I win!
     Losses: "The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself."
     Loser's effective force: defender's effective force is 8. Half is 4.
     So I lose troops worth 4. Spread over my troop types. My army has 1 archer (attack 2) and 2 knights (attack 4 each). Total attack 10.
     How is the loss spread? "worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types". Loser's effective force is 8. Half is 4.
     Does it mean I lose 4 "points" of troops? Or 4 troops? "loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force". The loser's effective force is 8, so half is 4. My troops have attack values: archer 2, knight 4. If I lose 4 attack points, I might lose 1 knight (4) or 2 archers (4) or 1 archer and some knights? "spread over its troop types" means it is distributed proportionally or randomly? Usually, it means the total value of losses is 4, and it is taken from the troops proportionally to their presence or just randomly. But since I only have 1 archer and 2 knights, losing 4 value could mean losing 1 knight (value 4) or the archer (value 2) and half a knight? Troops are integers. So maybe I lose 1 knight.
     Anyway, sending 1 archer and 2 knight from Tarragona to Zaragoza seems like a viable attack if I want to leave 1 archer at Tarragona.
     But wait, is it better to send all 2 archer and 2 knight? If defender does NOT get counter bonus, attack 12 > 8, I win. If defender gets counter bonus, attack 12 vs 12, tie, I lose.
     Let's assume defender gets counter bonus if they counter me. The rules say: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5". It doesn't restrict it to the attacker. So defender gets it too.
     Therefore, to attack Zaragoza (3 knights), I should either:
     - Send spearmen (counter knights). If I send 2 spearman, 2 archer (from where? Girona has 2 spearman, 2 archer, but Girona is not connected to Zaragoza. Barcelona has 3 spearman, but not connected to Zaragoza. Tarragona has 0 spearman).
     - Send knights (no counter, but high attack). 2 knights = 8 attack vs 8 defense -> tie, defender wins. 3 knights = 12 attack vs 8 defense -> win. But Tarragona only has 2 knights.
     - Send a majority of knights. 2 knights, 1 archer = 10 attack vs 8 defense -> win. This works!

Let's check Huesca (20): 3 knights, defense 8. March from Girona (23).
Girona has: 2 spearman, 2 archer.
If I send 2 spearman, 2 archer:
Attack: 2*1 + 2*2 = 6.
Most numerous: tie (spearman/archer) -> spearman.
Spearman counters knight! So I get counter bonus.
Attack becomes 6 * 1.5 = 9.
Defense: 8.
Attack 9 > Defense 8 -> I win!
This is a much better attack because I use the counter bonus and send all of Girona's troops (except maybe some if I want to defend, but Girona is interior? No, Girona is on the front line: "[23] Girona with 4 troops at home faces: [20] Huesca". But it says "INTERIOR (no enemy border)" for Girona in the village list, but in the front map it says "FRONT LINE - your villages that touch a village not yours: [23] Girona ... faces: [20] Huesca". So Girona is on the front line, but currently Huesca is neutral, so no enemy border yet. If I attack Huesca, I conquer it. If I leave Girona empty, it might be vulnerable if an enemy attacks it, but currently there are no enemy armies on the march, and the enemy is far away.
Wait, if I send all of Girona's troops (2 spearman, 2 archer) to Huesca, I win with 9 attack vs 8 defense.
Losses: Loser's effective force is 8. Half is 4. I lose troops worth 4. My army has 2 spearman (value 1 each) and 2 archer (value 2 each). Total value 6. Losing 4 means I might lose both archers (value 4) or 1 archer and 2 spearmen (value 4). Let's say I lose 2 archers. Then I have 2 spearman left in the army. They will stay at Huesca as the new garrison.
This seems very good. I conquer Huesca, which is a village. I need 18 villages to win. Currently I have 4. Conquering Huesca makes it 5.

Let's check Valencia (16): 3 knights, defense 8. March from Castellon (18).
Castellon has: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight.
If I send 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight:
Attack: 2*1 + 2*2 + 2*4 = 2 + 4 + 8 = 14.
Most numerous: tie (2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight). Tie breaks: spearman, archer, knight -> spearman.
Spearman counters knight! So I get counter bonus.
Attack becomes 14 * 1.5 = 21.
Defense: 8.
Attack 21 > Defense 8 -> easy win.
But wait, if I send all of Castellon's troops, Castellon becomes empty. Is that okay? Castellon is on the front line, facing Teruel and Valencia. If I conquer Valencia, Castellon is still connected to Valencia, but Valencia is now mine. The front line moves.
But Castellon has 0 wood and 0 iron, so it can't build troops anyway. It can only receive reinforcements.
If I send all troops from Castellon to Valencia, I conquer Valencia. Then Valencia becomes my village, and the garrison there will be the survivors.
Let's check the losses: Loser's effective force is 8. Half is 4. I lose troops worth 4. My army has 14 attack value. Losing 4 means I lose some troops, maybe 2 archers or 1 knight, etc. The survivors will garrison Valencia.

Let's check Teruel (13): 4 archers, defense 10. March from Castellon (18): 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
If I attack Teruel with Castellon's troops:
I have 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight.
Attack: 14.
Most numerous: tie -> spearman.
Defender: 4 archers. Most numerous: archer.
Archer counters spearman! So defender has counter bonus.
Defense becomes 10 * 1.5 = 15.
Attack 14 < 15 -> I lose!
So I cannot attack Teruel with this army and win, because defender has counter bonus and higher defense.
What if I send only knights? 2 knights = 8 attack. Most numerous: knight. Defender: archer. Knight counters archer! So I get counter bonus.
Attack becomes 8 * 1.5 = 12. Defense 10 (no counter for defender because knight vs knight? No, defender is archer, attacker is knight. Knight counters archer, so attacker has counter. Defender does not have counter because archer does not counter knight).
So attack 12 > defense 10 -> I win!
But I only send 2 knights. Attack 12 vs 10. I win.
Losses: Loser's effective force is 10. Half is 5. I lose troops worth 5. My army has 2 knights (value 8). Losing 5 means I lose 1 knight (value 4) and maybe some fraction? Or 1 knight and 1 archer? But I only sent knights. So I lose 1 knight (value 4) or 2 knights? If I lose 1 knight, I have 1 knight left.
But wait, Teruel is 2 turns away for spearmen, 1 turn for knights. If I send 2 knights, they arrive in 1 turn and fight. If I win, they conquer Teruel.
But Valencia is also 1 turn away. I can only attack one of them from Castellon this turn, because "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
Wait, I can send different sends from Castellon to different targets? "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up... each send fights alone, one at a time."
Can I send one send from Castellon to Valencia, and another send from Castellon to Teruel? "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination."
If I send troops to Teruel, they will pass through Valencia (which is neutral) and fight there first! "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there".
So I cannot attack Teruel without first taking Valencia, because the road from Castellon to Teruel goes through Valencia: "[18] Castellon: [13], [16], [21]" and "[16] Valencia (neutral): [13], [15], [18]". So Castellon is connected to Valencia and Teruel. Valencia is connected to Teruel.
So the path is Castellon -> Valencia -> Teruel.
If I send troops to Teruel, they will stop at Valencia and fight there first. So I must take Valencia before I can attack Teruel.
This is a crucial rule! "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination."
So I can only attack Valencia from Castellon. To attack Teruel, I must first conquer Valencia, then march from Valencia to Teruel (or from Castellon after Valencia is mine, but then the path is clear).

So the immediate attacks I can make this turn:
1. From Tarragona (21) to Zaragoza (17).
2. From Girona (23) to Huesca (20).
3. From Castellon (18) to Valencia (16).
4. From Barcelona (22) to... Barcelona is connected to Tarragona and Girona. I can send reinforcements to Tarragona or Girona.

Let's evaluate the best moves.
My goal is to hold 18 of 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.
Currently I have 4 villages. I need to expand.
The neutral villages are: Zaragoza, Huesca, Valencia, Teruel, and the unexplored ones (Madrid, Murcia, Pamplona, Burgos, Salamanca, Toledo, Cordoba, Badajoz, Porto, Vigo, Coimbra, Sevilha, Faro, Santarem, Lisboa, Evora).
The enemy capital is Lisboa (0). The enemy is somewhere in the south/west (Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, etc.).
But right now, the front line is Zaragoza, Huesca, Valencia, Teruel.
If I conquer Huesca, Valencia, and Zaragoza, I will have 7 villages.
Let's look at the troops I have and how to use them.

Barcelona (22): 3 spearman. Wood 35, Iron 40.
Tarragona (21): 2 archer, 2 knight. Wood 30, Iron 20.
Girona (23): 2 spearman, 2 archer. Wood 30, Iron 20.
Castellon (18): 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. Wood 0, Iron 0.

Let's plan the attacks:
- Girona (23) -> Huesca (20): send 2 spearman, 2 archer.
  Attack: 6 * 1.5 (counter) = 9 vs defense 8. Win.
  This conquers Huesca.
- Castellon (18) -> Valencia (16): send 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight.
  Attack: 14 * 1.5 (counter) = 21 vs defense 8. Win.
  This conquers Valencia.
- Tarragona (21) -> Zaragoza (17): send 1 archer, 2 knight.
  Attack: 10 vs defense 8. Win.
  This conquers Zaragoza.
  Wait, if I send 1 archer, 2 knight from Tarragona, I leave 1 archer at Tarragona.
  Is it better to send all 2 archer, 2 knight?
  If defender does NOT get counter bonus, attack 12 vs 8, win.
  If defender gets counter bonus, attack 12 vs 12, tie, lose.
  Let's re-read the counter rule: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5 (every troop in it, not only the countering type). The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
  It says "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup". This implies both armies have a "most numerous type". If attacker's most numerous counters defender's most numerous, attacker gets the bonus. If defender's most numerous counters attacker's most numerous, defender gets the bonus.
  So yes, defender gets the bonus if they counter the attacker.
  Zaragoza has 3 knights. Knight counters archer.
  If I send 2 archer, 2 knight, my most numerous is archer (tie-break). Defender is knight. Knight counters archer. Defender gets 1.5x defense. Defense = 8 * 1.5 = 12. My attack = 12. Tie -> defender wins.
  So I MUST avoid sending a majority of archers against knights.
  If I send 1 archer, 2 knight, my most numerous is knight. Defender is knight. No counter. Attack 10 vs defense 8. Win.
  So sending 1 archer, 2 knight is the correct move for Tarragona.

Let's check if I can send reinforcements from Barcelona to Tarragona or Girona.
Barcelona has 3 spearman. I can send them to Tarragona to reinforce it.
If I send 3 spearman to Tarragona, they will arrive next turn. Tarragona will then have 1 archer (leftover) + 3 spearman = 4 troops.
Or I can send them to Girona? But Girona is sending all its troops to Huesca. If I send to Girona, they arrive after Girona's troops have left? No, "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS". The troops at Girona attack Huesca, and troops from Barcelona march to Girona. They don't interact this turn. The troops from Barcelona will arrive at Girona at the end of the turn, after the attack on Huesca has already happened. So Girona will be empty when they arrive, which is fine, they will garrison it.
But Tarragona is closer and more critical because it faces Zaragoza. If I send 3 spearman to Tarragona, Tarragona's garrison becomes stronger for next turn.
Wait, can I build troops this turn?
Let's check resources and building:
- Barcelona: wood 35, iron 40.
  Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) -> leaves 5 wood, 40 iron.
  Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> leaves 15 wood, 30 iron.
  Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> leaves 5 wood, 10 iron.
  Can build 1 spearman + 1 archer: 35 wood, 10 iron -> leaves 0 wood, 3
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
COMBATE [4] Badajoz: atacante A Fatk=7 (ef 11) Fdef=6 (ef 8) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~3
COMBATE [6] Porto: atacante A Fatk=7 (ef 11) Fdef=6 (ef 8) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~3
REFORCO [1] Santarem dono A: 2S+1K
REFORCO [3] Coimbra dono A: 4S
REFORCO [5] Faro dono A: 3S+1A+1K
COMBATE [18] Castellon: atacante B Fatk=18 (ef 18) Fdef=4 (ef 8) vant=-1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~4
REFORCO [21] Tarragona dono B: 2A+2K
placar: A 7 ald/tropas 15 | B 4 ald/tropas 17 | neutras 13 | transito 5 (A 5 | B 0)

########## TURNO 7 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3297 | resposta 14015 | raciocinio 10705 | finish stop | ms 159434
resposta crua: "\n\n```json\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 4, \"toId\": 7, \"troops\": {\"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 1, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 5, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4}},\n    {\"fromId\": 3, \"toId\": 6, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 4, \"toId\": 9, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 7}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Attack Salamanca with 2 knights from Badajoz. Attack Sevilha with 7 spearman from Badajoz. Send 4 spearman from Faro to Badajoz for future defense/reinforcements. Send 2 knights from Santarem to Badajoz for Toledo attack. Send 2 spearman from Coimbra to Porto to gather 8 spearman for Vigo. Build 2 spearman in all villages to replenish losses and prepare for next expansions. Next turn: send 8 spearman from Porto to Vigo, send 2 knights from Badajoz to Toledo, build more troops.\",\n  \"statement\": \"We launched a multi-pronged assault on the neutral villages. Knights from Badajoz and Santarem are moving to secure Salamanca and prepare for Toledo. Spearman from Badajoz are marching on Sevilha, while reinforcements from Faro and Coimbra are moving to Badajoz and Porto respectively to maintain our offensive momentum and defend our core territories.\"\n}\n```"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A in a strategy game. I need to analyze the current state (Turn 7) and provide a JSON response with build orders, movement orders, a plan note, and a statement for the audience.

Let's break down the current state:
- I hold 7 of 24 villages (Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, Coimbra, Badajoz, Faro, Porto).
- Goal: Hold 18 of 24 villages for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.
- Enemy capital is Barcelona [22], but taking it is not required to win.
- Neutral villages visible:
  - [7] Salamanca: 4 archers, def 10. March from Porto [6] (1 fast/medium/slow turn), Coimbra [3] (slow?), Badajoz [4] (1 fast/medium/slow).
  - [8] Toledo: 4 archers, def 10. March from Badajoz [4] (1 fast/medium/slow).
  - [10] Vigo: 4 knights, def 10. March from Porto [6] (1 fast/medium/slow).
  - [9] Sevilha: 4 knights, def 10. March from Badajoz [4] (2 slow, 1 med, 1 fast), Faro [5] (2 slow, 1 med, 1 fast).
- Unexplored: Cordoba [11], Teruel [13], Madrid [12], Burgos [14], Zaragoza [17], Valencia [16], Murcia [15], Castellon [18], Pamplona [19], Huesca [20], Tarragona [21], Barcelona [22], Girona [23].
- My troops at home:
  - Lisboa [0]: 3 (2 spear, 1 knight). Res: wood 30, iron 50.
  - Santarem [1]: 4 (2 spear, 2 knight). Res: wood 30, iron 70.
  - Evora [2]: 1 (1 knight). Res: wood 30, iron 70.
  - Coimbra [3]: 3 (2 spear, 1 archer). Res: wood 30, iron 40.
  - Badajoz [4]: 9 (7 spear, 2 knight). Res: wood 30, iron 20.
  - Faro [5]: 8 (4 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight). Res: wood 30, iron 40.
  - Porto [6]: 7 (6 spear, 1 knight). Res: wood 30, iron 20.
- Total troops at home: 35 (23 spearman, 4 archer, 8 knight).
- Resources per village per turn: 30 wood, 20 iron.
- Costs: spearman (15 wood, 0 iron), archer (20 wood, 10 iron), knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Cap per village: 300 troops.
- Enemy: none sighted.

Let's look at the neutral villages:
- Salamanca [7]: 4 archers, def 10. Road connections: Coimbra [3], Badajoz [4], Porto [6], Madrid [12].
- Toledo [8]: 4 archers, def 10. Road connections: Badajoz [4], Cordoba [11], Madrid [12], Teruel [13].
- Vigo [10]: 4 knights, def 10. Road connections: Porto [6], Burgos [14].
- Sevilha [9]: 4 knights, def 10. Road connections: Badajoz [4], Faro [5], Cordoba [11].

Let's check the last turn note:
"Build knights in Lisboa, Santarem, Evora; spearman in Coimbra, Faro. Send spearman from Faro and Santarem to Badajoz to gather 7 spearman for Sevilha. Send 1 knight from Santarem to Badajoz for Salamanca. Send spearman from Coimbra to Porto for Vigo. Next turn: attack Salamanca with 2 knights from Badajoz, attack Sevilha with 7 spearman from Badajoz, build 2 spearman in Porto for Vigo. Garrison captured villages promptly."

Wait, the note says "Send spearman from Faro and Santarem to Badajoz to gather 7 spearman for Sevilha. Send 1 knight from Santarem to Badajoz for Salamanca. Send spearman from Coimbra to Porto for Vigo."
But the current state says:
- Badajoz has 9 troops (7 spear, 2 knight).
- Porto has 7 troops (6 spear, 1 knight).
- Faro has 8 troops (4 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight).
- Santarem has 4 troops (2 spear, 2 knight).
- Coimbra has 3 troops (2 spear, 1 archer).
- Lisboa has 3 troops (2 spear, 1 knight).
- Evora has 1 troop (1 knight).

Let's check the march distances:
- Salamanca [7] from Porto [6]: 1 slow / 1 med / 1 fast turns.
- Salamanca [7] from Badajoz [4]: 1 slow / 1 med / 1 fast turns.
- Toledo [8] from Badajoz [4]: 1 slow / 1 med / 1 fast turns.
- Vigo [10] from Porto [6]: 1 slow / 1 med / 1 fast turns.
- Sevilha [9] from Badajoz [4]: 2 slow / 1 med / 1 fast turns.
- Sevilha [9] from Faro [5]: 2 slow / 1 med / 1 fast turns.

Let's calculate the attack power against the neutrals.
Salamanca [7]: 4 archers, def 10.
If I attack with knights from Badajoz:
Knights have attack 4. Archers have defense 2.
Wait, "effective defense (location bonus included): 10". This is the defender's effective defense.
Wait, the combat rules say:
"When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs."
"Counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
"The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
"Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital). In the open field (on a road) there is no bonus."
"The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again."

So, Salamanca has 4 archers. Effective defense is 10.
If I attack with knights (say, 2 knights from Badajoz):
Knights attack 4. Total attack = 8.
Wait, knights counter archers! So attack is multiplied by 1.5.
8 * 1.5 = 12 attack.
Defender effective defense is 10.
12 > 10, so I win.
Losses: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
Wait, how is attrition calculated? "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER. The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
Usually, the loser is destroyed entirely, and the winner takes losses equal to some fraction or based on the loser's force. But the prompt says "The losing army is destroyed entirely; the winner takes losses and keeps marching." for open field. For village attack, "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
Let's assume we can defeat Salamanca with 2 knights (attack 8 * 1.5 = 12 vs def 10).
Wait, Badajoz has 2 knights. If I send both, attack is 8 * 1.5 = 12.
What about Sevilha [9]: 4 knights, def 10.
If I attack with spearman (say, 7 spearman from Badajoz):
Spearman attack 1. Total attack = 7.
Spearman counters knight! So 7 * 1.5 = 10.5 attack.
Defender effective defense is 10.
10.5 > 10, so I win!
Wait, Badajoz has 7 spearman. If I send all 7, attack is 10.5.
But wait, the march from Badajoz to Sevilha is 2 slow / 1 med / 1 fast turns.
If I send them now, they arrive in 2 slow turns (since spearman are slow).
Wait, the travel time is "2 slow / 1 med / 1 fast turns". This means if I send spearman, it takes 2 turns. If I send knights, it takes 1 turn.
If I send 7 spearman from Badajoz to Sevilha, they will take 2 turns to arrive.
During those 2 turns, the enemy might do something, but the enemy is not sighted.
Wait, what about Vigo [10]: 4 knights, def 10.
If I send spearman from Porto: Porto has 6 spearman.
Attack = 6 * 1.5 (spearman counters knight) = 9.
Defender def is 10. 9 < 10, so I would lose!
Wait, Porto has 6 spearman and 1 knight.
If I send 6 spearman and 1 knight:
Most numerous is spearman (6 vs 1). So counter is spearman vs knight (1.5x).
Attack of spearman = 6 * 1 = 6. Attack of knight = 1 * 4 = 4. Total attack = 10.
Wait, does the counter apply to the whole army or just the most numerous type?
"The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
"Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
Usually, it means the attack of the most numerous type is multiplied, or the whole army? "multiplies your force by 1.5". Let's assume the whole force or the relevant part. If whole force, 10 * 1.5 = 15.
But wait, if I send 7 spearman from Porto? Porto only has 6 spearman.
Can I reinforce Porto first?
Porto has 6 spearman. Coimbra has 2 spearman.
If I send 2 spearman from Coimbra to Porto, Porto will have 8 spearman.
Then I can send 8 spearman to Vigo. Attack = 8 * 1.5 = 12 > 10. Win.
But wait, Coimbra to Porto is 1 slow turn?
Let's check road network:
Coimbra [3] connects to Porto [6].
So march from Coimbra to Porto is 1 slow turn.
If I send 2 spearman from Coimbra to Porto now, they arrive next turn.
Then next turn I can send them to Vigo.
But wait, Vigo is 1 fast/med/slow turn from Porto.
If I send them next turn, they arrive in 1 slow turn (the turn after next).
Is there a faster way?
What if I send knights from Badajoz to Vigo? No, Badajoz doesn't connect to Vigo directly.
Porto connects to Vigo.
What about knights from Porto? Porto has 1 knight.
If I send 1 knight to Vigo: attack 4. Def 10. Lose.
What if I build more troops?
Let's look at resources.
Lisboa: wood 30, iron 50. Can build 2 knights (cost 60 wood, 60 iron - wait, only 30 wood, so only 1 knight? 30 wood, 30 iron. Yes, 1 knight).
Wait, Lisboa has 30 wood, 50 iron.
Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. So Lisboa can build 1 knight.
Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. Lisboa can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
Spearman costs 15 wood, 0 iron. Lisboa can build 2 spearman (30 wood).
Let's check all villages' resources and what they can build:
- Lisboa [0]: wood 30, iron 50.
  - 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron)
  - 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron)
  - 2 spearman (15 wood each, total 30 wood)
- Santarem [1]: wood 30, iron 70.
  - 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron)
  - 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron)
  - 2 spearman (15 wood each)
- Evora [2]: wood 30, iron 70.
  - 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron)
  - 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron)
  - 2 spearman (15 wood each)
- Coimbra [3]: wood 30, iron 40.
  - 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron)
  - 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron)
  - 2 spearman (15 wood each)
- Badajoz [4]: wood 30, iron 20.
  - 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron)
  - 2 spearman (15 wood each)
  - 0 knights (needs 30 iron, has 20)
- Faro [5]: wood 30, iron 40.
  - 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron)
  - 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron)
  - 2 spearman (15 wood each)
- Porto [6]: wood 30, iron 20.
  - 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron)
  - 2 spearman (15 wood each)
  - 0 knights (needs 30 iron, has 20)

Let's plan the moves.
We want to capture Salamanca [7], Toledo [8], Vigo [10], Sevilha [9].
These are the 4 visible neutrals.
If we capture them, we will have 11 villages.
We need 18 to win. So we need to explore and capture more.
But first, let's secure the visible ones.

Let's look at Salamanca [7]: 4 archers, def 10.
We can attack from Badajoz [4] or Porto [6] or Coimbra [3].
Badajoz has 7 spearman, 2 knight.
If we send 2 knight from Badajoz to Salamanca:
Knights attack 4 each. Total 8.
Knights counter archers (1.5x). Total attack = 12.
Defender def = 10. 12 > 10. Win.
March from Badajoz to Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 med / 1 fast turns.
Since we send knights (fast), it takes 1 turn.
Wait, the report says "march from [4] Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".
So knights take 1 turn.
If we send 2 knights from Badajoz to Salamanca, they arrive next turn and fight.
Wait, Badajoz has 2 knights. If we send both, Badajoz has 0 knights left.
Is that okay? Yes, Badajoz is safe for now (no enemy border).
What about Sevilha [9]: 4 knights, def 10.
We can attack from Badajoz [4] or Faro [5].
Badajoz has 7 spearman.
If we send 7 spearman from Badajoz to Sevilha:
Spearman attack 1 each. Total 7.
Spearman counters knight (1.5x). Total attack = 10.5.
Defender def = 10. 10.5 > 10. Win.
March from Badajoz to Sevilha: 2 slow / 1 med / 1 fast turns.
Spearman are slow, so it takes 2 turns.
If we send them now, they arrive in 2 turns.
Wait, if we send 7 spearman from Badajoz, Badajoz will have 0 spearman left.
But we also want to send troops to Vigo [10].
Vigo has 4 knights, def 10.
We can attack from Porto [6].
Porto has 6 spearman, 1 knight.
If we send 6 spearman, attack = 6 * 1.5 = 9 < 10. Lose.
We need more spearman in Porto.
Coimbra [3] has 2 spearman.
If we send 2 spearman from Coimbra to Porto, Porto will have 8 spearman.
Then we can send 8 spearman to Vigo. Attack = 8 * 1.5 = 12 > 10. Win.
March from Coimbra to Porto: 1 slow turn.
March from Porto to Vigo: 1 slow turn (since spearman are slow).
So if we send 2 spearman from Coimbra to Porto now, they arrive next turn.
Then next turn we send 8 spearman from Porto to Vigo, they arrive in 1 slow turn (turn after next).
Total time: 2 turns.
Can we do it faster?
What if we send knights from Porto? Porto has 1 knight. Not enough.
What if we build spearman in Porto?
Porto has wood 30, iron 20.
Can build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood).
If we build 2 spearman in Porto now, they are ready in 1 turn.
Then Porto will have 8 spearman.
But we still need to send them to Vigo, which takes 1 slow turn.
So building and sending takes 2 turns anyway.
But if we send from Coimbra, we don't spend resources, but we lose the spearman from Coimbra.
Coimbra has 2 spearman. If we send them, Coimbra has 0 spearman.
Coimbra's defense is 8. Is it safe?
There are no enemy villages near Coimbra except Salamanca (neutral) and Porto (ours).
So Coimbra is safe.
Let's send 2 spearman from Coimbra to Porto.
And build 2 spearman in Porto? Or just send from Coimbra.
If we send 2 spearman from Coimbra to Porto, Porto has 8 spearman.
Then next turn we send 8 spearman to Vigo.
Wait, what about Toledo [8]?
Toledo has 4 archers, def 10.
We can attack from Badajoz [4].
Badajoz has 7 spearman, 2 knight.
If we send 2 knights to Salamanca, we have 7 spearman left.
Can we send 7 spearman to Toledo?
Spearman vs archers: spearman does NOT counter archers.
Wait! "spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer."
So spearman vs archers: NO counter.
Attack of 7 spearman = 7.
Defender def = 10. 7 < 10. Lose!
So we cannot attack Toledo with spearman.
We need knights or archers to attack Toledo (archers).
Badajoz has no archers.
Can we send archers from somewhere else to Badajoz, then to Toledo?
Or we can attack Toledo with knights.
But we only have 2 knights in Badajoz, and we want to send them to Salamanca.
Can we send knights from Santarem [1] to Badajoz, then to Toledo?
Santarem has 2 knights.
Road from Santarem to Badajoz: Santarem [1] connects to Badajoz [4].
March from Santarem to Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 med / 1 fast turns.
Knights are fast, so 1 turn.
If we send 2 knights from Santarem to Badajoz, they arrive next turn.
Then next turn we can send them to Toledo (1 fast turn). Total 2 turns.
But we also need knights for Salamanca.
Wait, Salamanca can be attacked from Porto [6] as well.
Porto has 1 knight. Not enough.
What about Lisboa [0]? Lisboa has 1 knight.
Lisboa connects to Santarem [1] and Evora [2].
Santarem connects to Badajoz.
So Lisboa -> Santarem -> Badajoz.
March Lisboa to Santarem: 1 fast turn.
Santarem to Badajoz: 1 fast turn.
Total 2 turns.
This is getting complicated.

Let's look at the enemy. The enemy is not sighted.
We need to expand quickly.
Let's focus on the easiest targets first.
Salamanca [7]: 4 archers, def 10. Attack with 2 knights from Badajoz. (1 turn)
Sevilha [9]: 4 knights, def 10. Attack with 7 spearman from Badajoz. (2 turns)
Vigo [10]: 4 knights, def 10. Attack with 8 spearman from Porto (after receiving 2 from Coimbra). (2 turns)
Toledo [8]: 4 archers, def 10. We need knights or archers.
Wait, Faro [5] has 3 archers, 1 knight.
Faro connects to Badajoz [4] and Sevilha [9].
If we send 3 archers from Faro to Badajoz:
March Faro to Badajoz: 1 med/med/fast turn? Archers are medium.
Let's check road: Faro [5] connects to Badajoz [4].
March from Faro to Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 med / 1 fast turns.
So archers take 1 turn.
If we send 3 archers from Faro to Badajoz, they arrive next turn.
Then we can send them to Toledo (1 fast turn). Total 2 turns.
Attack of 3 archers vs 4 archers:
Archers counter spearman, not archers.
So no counter.
Attack of 3 archers = 3 * 2 = 6.
Defender def = 10. 6 < 10. Lose.
We need more archers.
Can we build archers?
Porto has 20 iron, can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
Badajoz has 20 iron, can build 1 archer.
Coimbra has 40 iron, can build 1 archer.
But building takes 1 turn.
If we build archers, we can gather a larger archer army.
But wait, Toledo has 4 archers, def 10.
To defeat def 10 with archers (attack 2, no counter vs archers):
We need 5 archers (attack 10) to tie, but tie favors defender.
We need 6 archers (attack 12) to win.
Can we gather 6 archers?
Faro has 3 archers.
Coimbra has 1 archer.
Porto has 0 archers.
Badajoz has 0 archers.
Santarem has 0 archers.
Lisboa has 0 archers.
Total archers available: 4 (Faro 3, Coimbra 1).
If we send 1 archer from Coimbra to Faro, Faro has 4 archers.
Still need 6.
We can build archers.
But this takes time.
Maybe we should attack Toledo with knights.
Knights counter archers (1.5x).
Attack of knight = 4.
To defeat def 10:
We need 3 knights (attack 12 * 1.5 = 18) or 2 knights (attack 8 * 1.5 = 12 > 10).
Yes! 2 knights can defeat Toledo!
Attack of 2 knights = 8. With counter vs archers = 12. 12 > 10. Win!
So we only need 2 knights for Toledo.
Where do we get 2 knights?
Badajoz has 2 knights. But we want to send them to Salamanca.
Santarem has 2 knights.
If we send 2 knights from Santarem to Badajoz (1 turn), then from Badajoz to Toledo (1 turn). Total 2 turns.
Meanwhile, we can send 2 knights from Lisboa to Santarem, then to Badajoz?
Lisboa has 1 knight. Santarem has 2 knights.
If we send 1 knight from Lisboa to Santarem (1 turn), Santarem has 3 knights.
Then we can send 2 knights from Santarem to Badajoz, and 1 knight stays.
But we need 2 knights for Salamanca and 2 for Toledo.
Total 4 knights needed.
We have:
Badajoz: 2 knights
Santarem: 2 knights
Lisboa: 1 knight
Evora: 1 knight
Faro: 1 knight
Porto: 1 knight
Total knights: 8.
We can easily gather 4 knights.
Let's plan the knight movements:
Salamanca [7] from Badajoz [4]: 1 fast turn.
Toledo [8] from Badajoz [4]: 1 fast turn.
If we send 2 knights from Badajoz to Salamanca (arrive next turn).
And we need 2 knights for Toledo.
We can send 2 knights from Santarem to Badajoz (arrive next turn).
Then next turn, we send those 2 knights from Badajoz to Toledo (arrive turn after next).
So:
Turn 7 (now):
- Send 2 knights from Badajoz to Salamanca.
- Send 2 knights from Santarem to Badajoz.
- Send 7 spearman from Badajoz to Sevilha.
- Send 2 spearman from Coimbra to Porto.
- Build troops.

Let's check the resources and builds.
We need to build troops to replenish and prepare for next steps.
Let's see what we can build:
Lisboa: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron), 2 spearman (30 wood). Let's build 2 spearman.
Santarem: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron), 2 spearman (30 wood). Let's build 2 spearman.
Evora: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron), 2 spearman (30 wood). Let's build 2 spearman.
Coimbra: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron), 2 spearman (30 wood). Let's build 2 spearman.
Badajoz: 2 spearman (30 wood), 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Let's build 2 spearman.
Faro: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron), 2 spearman (30 wood). Let's build 2 spearman.
Porto: 2 spearman (30 wood), 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Let's build 2 spearman.

Wait, if we send all spearman from Badajoz and Coimbra, they will have 0 troops left.
Is that safe?
Badajoz defense is 23 (with location bonus). But if we send all troops, defense becomes 0?
Wait, "effective defense (location bonus included): 23". This is the current defense.
If we send all troops, the village is undefended.
But there are no enemy armies sighted, and no enemy villages nearby.
The nearest enemy is probably in the unexplored area (Madrid, Cordoba, etc.).
But we need to hold the villages.
If we leave them empty, the enemy could attack them.
But we have no information of enemy movement.
Usually, in these games, the enemy attacks your villages if they can reach them.
But since we have no enemy sighted, maybe they are far.
Let's look at the road network.
Badajoz connects to Santarem [1], Faro [5], Salamanca [7], Toledo [8], Sevilha [9].
If we leave Badajoz empty, and the enemy comes from Toledo or Sevilha (after we capture them? No, they are neutral now).
If we capture Sevilha, it becomes ours.
But until we capture it, it's neutral. Neutral villages don't attack us unless we attack them.
Wait, "Neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type."
They don't attack us unless we attack them.
So leaving Badajoz empty is risky but maybe necessary for now.
Wait, we can leave some troops.
Badajoz has 9 troops (7 spear, 2 knight).
If we send 2 knights to Salamanca, and 7 spearman to Sevilha, Badajoz has 0 troops.
Can we send only 6 spearman to Sevilha?
Attack of 6 spearman vs 4 knights:
6 * 1.5 = 9 < 10. Lose.
So we need 7 spearman to win.
What if we send 7 spearman, but keep 2 knights in Badajoz?
Then we can't attack Salamanca with knights.
Can we attack Salamanca with spearman?
Salamanca has 4 archers, def 10.
Spearman vs archers: no counter.
Attack of 7 spearman = 7 < 10. Lose.
So we need knights for Salamanca.
Thus, we must send 2 knights to Salamanca and 7 spearman to Sevilha.
This leaves Badajoz empty.
Is there another way to get spearman to Sevilha?
Faro has 4 spearman.
Faro connects to Sevilha.
March from Faro to Sevilha: 2 slow / 1 med / 1 fast turns.
If we send 4 spearman from Faro, attack = 4 * 1.5 = 6 < 10. Lose.
We need 7 spearman.
Can we send spearman from Faro to Badajoz, then to Sevilha?
Faro to Badajoz: 1 slow turn.
Badajoz to Sevilha: 2 slow turns.
Total 3 turns.
If we send 4 spearman from Faro to Badajoz, they arrive next turn.
Then next turn we send them to Sevilha (with Badajoz's spearman).
But we still need to attack Salamanca.
If we keep 2 knights in Badajoz for Salamanca, we can send spearman from Faro to Sevilha via Badajoz.
Let's trace this:
Turn 7:
- Send 4 spearman from Faro to Badajoz. (arrive Turn 8)
- Send 2 knights from Badajoz to Salamanca. (arrive Turn 8)
- Send 3 spearman from Coimbra to Porto? Or build in Porto.
Wait, if we send 4 spearman from Faro to Badajoz, Faro has 0 spearman left (it has 3 archers, 1 knight).
Badajoz has 7 spearman.
On Turn 8:
Badajoz has 7 (original) + 4 (from Faro) = 11 spearman.
And 2 knights are gone to Salamanca.
So Badajoz has 11 spearman.
We can send 7 spearman from Badajoz to Sevilha (arrive Turn 10).
And we have 4 spearman left in Badajoz.
This seems better! Badajoz is not left completely empty.
Let's check the march from Faro to Badajoz.
Faro [5] connects to Badajoz [4].
March from Faro to Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 med / 1 fast turns.
Spearman are slow, so 1 turn.
Yes, they arrive next turn.
So:
Turn 7:
- Send 4 spearman from Faro to Badajoz.
- Send 2 knights from Badajoz to Salamanca.
- Send 2 spearman from Coimbra to Porto (to reinforce for Vigo).
- Build troops.

Let's check Vigo [10]: 4 knights, def 10.
We need 8 spearman in Porto to attack Vigo.
Porto currently has 6 spearman.
If we send 2 spearman from Coimbra to Porto, Porto will have 8 spearman.
Then next turn (Turn 8), we send 8 spearman from Porto to Vigo.
They arrive Turn 9 (1 slow turn).
Attack = 8 * 1.5 = 12 > 10. Win.
This works.

What about Toledo [8]?
We need 2 knights for Toledo.
We sent 2 knights from Badajoz to Salamanca.
We need 2 more knights.
We can send 2 knights from Santarem to Badajoz on Turn 7.
They arrive Turn 8.
Then on Turn 8, we send them from Badajoz to Toledo.
They arrive Turn 9.
Attack = 2 knights vs 4 archers = 8 * 1.5 = 12 > 10. Win.
This works.

Let's check the troop counts and resources for builds.
We need to build troops to maintain our armies.
Let's see what we can build this turn:
Lisboa [0]: wood 30, iron 50.
- Build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood). Remaining: wood 0, iron 50.
Santarem [1]: wood 30, iron 70.
- Build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood). Remaining: wood 0, iron 70.
Evora [2]: wood 30, iron 70.
- Build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood). Remaining: wood 0, iron 70.
Coimbra [3]: wood 30, iron 40.
- Build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood). Remaining: wood 0, iron 40.
Badajoz [4]: wood 30, iron 20.
- Build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood). Remaining: wood 0, iron 20.
Faro [5]: wood 30, iron 40.
- Build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood). Remaining: wood 0, iron 40.
Porto [6]: wood 30, iron 20.
- Build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood). Remaining: wood 0, iron 20.

Wait, if we build 2 spearman in every village, we get 14 spearman.
This will help replenish the troops we send.
Let's check if we have enough wood.
Each village has 30 wood.
2 spearman cost 30 wood.
So yes, we can build 2 spearman in each village.
What about knights? Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron.
Lisboa has 30 wood, 50 iron. Can build 1 knight.
Santarem has 30 wood, 70 iron. Can build 1 knight.
Evora has 30 wood, 70 iron. Can build 1 knight.
Coimbra has 30 wood, 40 iron. Can build 1 knight.
Faro has 30 wood, 40 iron. Can build 1 knight.
Should we build knights?
Knights are more expensive but faster and stronger.
We need knights for Toledo and Salamanca.
But we are sending knights from Badajoz and Santarem.
If we build knights, we can have more knights for future attacks.
Let's build 1 knight in Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, Coimbra, Faro.
Wait, if we build knights, we can't build 2 spearman because wood is 30, and knight costs 30 wood.
So we have to choose: either 2 spearman OR 1 knight.
Since we are sending a lot of spearman, maybe building spearman is better for now.
But knights are needed for the capital and other archer-heavy villages.
Let's build 2 spearman in all villages except maybe some where we want knights.
Actually, building 2 spearman in all 7 villages gives 14 spearman.
This is a good standard build.
Let's do that.

Let's double check the movements.
Movements:
1. From Badajoz [4] to Salamanca [7]: 2 knights.
2. From Santarem [1] to Badajoz [4]: 2 knights.
3. From Faro [5] to Badajoz [4]: 4 spearman.
4. From Coimbra [3] to Porto [6]: 2 spearman.
5. From Badajoz [4] to Sevilha [9]: 7 spearman?
Wait, if we send 4 spearman from Faro to Badajoz, they arrive Turn 8.
Badajoz currently has 7 spearman.
If we send 7 spearman from Badajoz to Sevilha on Turn 7, they arrive Turn 9.
But on Turn 8, the 4 spearman from Faro arrive.
So on Turn 9, Badajoz will have 4 spearman (from Faro) + any built.
This is fine. We send 7 spearman from Badajoz to Sevilha on Turn 7.
Wait, if we send 7 spearman from Badajoz to Sevilha on Turn 7, Badajoz has 0 spearman on Turn 7.
Then on Turn 8, 4 spearman from Faro arrive, so Badajoz has 4 spearman.
This is okay.
But wait, can we send 7 spearman from Badajoz to Sevilha?
Yes, Badajoz has 7 spearman.
So:
- fromId: 4, toId: 9, troops: { spearman: 7 }
- fromId: 4, toId: 7, troops: { knight: 2 }
- fromId: 1, toId: 4, troops: { knight: 2 }
- fromId: 5, toId: 4, troops: { spearman: 4 }
- fromId: 3, toId: 6, troops: { spearman: 2 }

Let's check if we have these troops available:
Badajoz [4]: 7 spearman, 2 knight.
- Send 7 spearman to Sevilha [9].
- Send 2 knight to Salamanca [7].
Available: 0 spearman, 0 knight. Correct.

Santarem [1]: 2 spearman, 2 knight.
- Send 2 knight to Badajoz [4].
Available: 2 spearman, 0 knight. Correct.

Faro [5]: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight.
- Send 4 spearman to Badajoz [4].
Available: 0 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. Correct.

Coimbra [3]: 2 spearman, 1 archer.
- Send 2 spearman to Porto [6].
Available: 0 spearman, 1 archer. Correct.

Porto [6]: 6 spearman, 1 knight.
- Do not send anything yet. Wait for reinforcement from Coimbra.
Correct.

Lisboa [0]: 2 spearman, 1 knight. Do not send.
Evora [2]: 1 knight. Do not send.

Let's check the builds:
We want to build 2 spearman in each village.
Lisboa: 2 spearman.
Santarem: 2 spearman.
Evora: 2 spearman.
Coimbra: 2 spearman.
Badajoz: 2 spearman.
Faro: 2 spearman.
Porto: 2 spearman.

Wait, if we send all spearman from Badajoz, Coimbra, Faro, can we still build there?
Yes, building is done at the village, and the newly built troops stay there.
The troops we send are the ones currently at home.
"AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 7 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight" for Badajoz.
So we send the existing ones, and the newly built ones will stay.
This is perfect.

Let's review the plan note:
"Plan: Attack Salamanca with 2 knights from Badajoz. Attack Sevilha with 7 spearman from Badajoz. Send 4 spearman from Faro to Badajoz for future defense/reinforcements. Send 2 knights from Santarem to Badajoz for Toledo attack. Send 2 spearman from Coimbra to Porto to gather 8 spearman for Vigo. Build 2 spearman in all villages to replenish losses and prepare for next expansions. Next turn: send 8 spearman from Porto to Vigo, send 2 knights from Badajoz to Toledo, build more troops."

Let's review the statement:
"We launched a multi-pronged assault on the neutral villages. Knights from Badajoz and Santarem are moving to secure Salamanca and prepare for Toledo. Spearman from Badajoz are marching on Sevilha, while reinforcements from Faro and Coimbra are moving to Badajoz and Porto respectively to maintain our offensive momentum and defend our core territories."

Let's double check the combat math.
Salamanca [7]: 4 archers, def 10.
Attack: 2 knights. Attack = 4 * 2 = 8.
Counter: knight vs archer = 1.5x.
Total attack = 12.
Defender def = 10.
12 > 10. Win.
Losses: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
Loser effective force: 4 archers. Attack of archer = 2. Total attack = 8.
Wait, how is attrition calculated?
Usually, the winner takes losses equal to some fraction of the loser's force, or based on the difference.
But the prompt doesn't specify the exact formula for attrition in village attacks, only that "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
We will assume we take some losses but win the village.
Since we have 2 knights, even if we take losses, we should capture it.

Sevilha [9]: 4 knights, def 10.
Attack: 7 spearman. Attack = 1 * 7 = 7.
Counter: spearman vs knight = 1.5x.
Total attack = 10.5.
Defender def = 10.
10.5 > 10. Win.
Again, we take losses but capture.

Vigo [10]: 4 knights, def 10.
Attack: 8 spearman. Attack = 8.
Counter: spearman vs knight = 1.5x.
Total attack = 12.
Defender def = 10.
12 > 10. Win.

Toledo [8]: 4 archers, def 10.
Attack: 2 knights. Attack = 8.
Counter: knight vs archer = 1.5x.
Total attack = 12.
Defender def = 10.
12 > 10. Win.

All attacks are mathematically sound.

Let's check the road distances again.
Salamanca [7] from Badajoz [4]:
"march from [4] Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
Knights are fast, so 1 turn. Correct.

Sevilha [9] from Badajoz [4]:
"march from [4] Badajoz: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
Spearman are slow, so 2 turns. Correct.

Toledo [8] from Badajoz [4]:
"march from [4] Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
Knights are fast, so 1 turn.
Wait, if we send knights from Santarem to Badajoz (1 turn), then Badajoz to Toledo (1 turn).
Total 2 turns.
But we send them on Turn 7 from Santarem to Badajoz.
They arrive Turn 8.
On Turn 8, we send them from Badajoz to Toledo.
They arrive Turn 9.
Is this correct? Yes, we can issue the order on Turn 8.
But wait, the orders are simultaneous.
Can I issue an order on Turn 7 to send troops from Badajoz to Toledo, if those troops are currently in Santarem?
No, because they are not in Badajoz yet.
"Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."
"You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements."
So I must wait until they arrive in Badajoz to send them to Toledo.
This means on Turn 8, I will write the order to send them from Badajoz to Toledo.
This is fine.

What about Vigo [10] from Porto [6]:
"march from [6] Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
Spearman are slow, so 1 turn.
We send 2 spearman from Coimbra to Porto on Turn 7.
They arrive Turn 8.
On Turn 8, we send 8 spearman from Porto to Vigo.
They arrive Turn 9.
This is fine.

Let's check if there are any other visible villages.
Salamanca, Toledo, Vigo, Sevilha. That's it.
Unexplored: Cordoba, Teruel, Madrid, Burgos, Zaragoza, Valencia, Murcia, Castellon, Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona, Barcelona, Girona.
We need to explore them.
How do we explore?
By sending armies to them, or marching through them.
But we can only see villages connected to ours by road, or where our armies are.
Currently, we see:
Salamanca [7] connects to Madrid [12].
Toledo [8] connects to Cordoba [11], Madrid [12], Teruel [13].
Vigo [10] connects to Burgos [14].
Sevilha [9] connects to Cordoba [11].
So once we capture Salamanca, we will see Madrid [12].
Once we capture Toledo, we will see Cordoba [11], Madrid [12], Teruel [13].
Once we capture Vigo, we will see Burgos [14].
Once we capture Sevilha, we will see Cordoba [11].
This is a good strategy: capture the border villages to reveal the interior.

Let's check the JSON format.
{
  "build": [ {"villageId": <id>, "type": <type>, "quantity": <n>} ],
  "movements": [ {"fromId": <id>, "toId": <id>, "troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}} ],
  "plan": "<note>",
  "statement": "<note>"
}

Let's write the build list:
villageId 0: 2 spearman
villageId 1: 2 spearman
villageId 2: 2 spearman
villageId 3: 2 spearman
villageId 4: 2 spearman
villageId 5: 2 spearman
villageId 6: 2 spearman

Wait, can we build knights instead of spearman in some villages?
We have a lot of iron in some villages.
Lisboa: iron 50. Can build 1 knight (30 iron) and 1 archer (10 iron) -> 40 iron. Or 1 knight and 2 spearman (but wood is 30, knight takes 30 wood, so 0 wood left for spearman).
So Lisboa can build 1 knight.
Santarem: iron 70. Can build 1 knight (30 iron) and 1 archer (10 iron) and 2 spearman (but wood is 30, knight takes 30 wood).
So Santarem can build 1 knight.
Evora: iron 70. Can build 1 knight.
Coimbra: iron 40. Can build 1 knight (30 iron) and 1 archer (10 iron). Or 1 knight and 2 spearman (wood 30).
Faro: iron 40. Can build 1 knight.
But we need spearman more than knights right now, because we are attacking Sevilha and Vigo with spearman.
Knights are for Salamanca and Toledo, but we already have enough knights (2 from Badajoz, 2 from Santarem).
So building spearman is better to replenish the 11 spearman we are sending out.
Let's stick to 2 spearman in all villages.

Let's write the movements list:
1. fromId: 4, toId: 7, troops: { knight: 2 }
2. fromId: 1, toId: 4, troops: { knight: 2 }
3. fromId: 5, toId: 4, troops: { spearman: 4 }
4. fromId: 3, toId: 6, troops: { spearman: 2 }
5. fromId: 4, toId: 9, troops: { spearman: 7 }

Let's double check the troop counts available:
Badajoz [4]: 7 spearman, 2 knight.
We send 7 spearman to 9, 2 knight to 7. Total 9. Correct.
Santarem [1]: 2 spearman, 2 knight.
We send 2 knight to 4. Total 2. Correct.
Faro [5]: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight.
We send 4 spearman to 4. Total 4. Correct.
Coimbra [3]: 2 spearman, 1 archer.
We send 2 spearman to 6. Total 2. Correct.

Everything matches.

Let's write the plan:
"Plan: Attack Salamanca with 2 knights from Badajoz. Attack Sevilha with 7 spearman from Badajoz. Send 4 spearman from Faro to Badajoz for future defense/reinforcements. Send 2 knights from Santarem to Badajoz for Toledo attack. Send 2 spearman from Coimbra to Porto to gather 8 spearman for Vigo. Build 2 spearman in all villages to replenish losses and prepare for next expansions. Next turn: send 8 spearman from Porto to Vigo, send 2 knights from Badajoz to Toledo, build more troops."

Let's write the statement:
"We launched a multi-pronged assault on the neutral villages. Knights from Badajoz and Santarem are moving to secure Salamanca and prepare for Toledo. Spearman from Badajoz are marching on Sevilha, while reinforcements from Faro and Coimbra are moving to Badajoz and Porto respectively to maintain our offensive momentum and defend our core territories."

Let's check the character limits.
Plan: ~600 characters. It's fine.
Statement: ~300 characters. It's fine.

Let's review the rules again.
"Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now. Nothing you order this turn is visible to them before it happens."
"Each village you hold produces resources every turn, and resources are what build your army."
"Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."
We checked resources:
Lisboa: wood 30, iron 50. 2 spearman costs 30 wood. OK.
Santarem: wood 30, iron 70. 2 spearman costs 30 wood. OK.
Evora: wood 30, iron 70. 2 spearman costs 30 wood. OK.
Coimbra: wood 30, iron 40. 2 spearman costs 30 wood. OK.
Badajoz: wood 30, iron 20. 2 spearman costs 30 wood. OK.
Faro: wood 30, iron 40. 2 spearman costs 30 wood. OK.
Porto: wood 30, iron 20. 2 spearman costs 30 wood. OK.

"Cap per village: when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building (it still produces resources and can still receive reinforcements)."
Our villages have 1 to 9 troops. Building 2 more keeps them well below 300. OK.

"Neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type."
We are on turn 7. The last hardening was on turn 5 (was 8, 5 turns ago -> now 10).
Next hardening on turn 10.
Our attacks will land on turn 8 (Salamanca), turn 9 (Sevilha, Vigo, Toledo).
So we beat the next hardening. Good.

"Armies march along the ROAD NETWORK that connects the villages, never in a straight line."
We checked the road network:
Badajoz [4] to Salamanca [7]: connected.
Badajoz [4] to Sevilha [9]: connected.
Santarem [1] to Badajoz [4]: connected.
Faro [5] to Badajoz [4]: connected.
Coimbra [3] to Porto [6]: connected.
All connections are valid.

"An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination."
Our destinations are the immediate neighbors (Salamanca, Sevilha, Badajoz, Porto). No intermediate villages.
Wait, Faro to Badajoz: Faro [5] connects to Badajoz [4] and Sevilha [9] and Evora [2].
Road: Faro [5] -> Badajoz [4]. No intermediate villages.
Coimbra [3] to Porto [6]: Coimbra [3] connects to Santarem [1], Porto [6], Salamanca [7].
Road: Coimbra [3] -> Porto [6]. No intermediate villages.
Santarem [1] to Badajoz [4]: Santarem [1] connects to Lisboa [0], Coimbra [3], Badajoz [4].
Road: Santarem [1] -> Badajoz [4]. No intermediate villages.
Badajoz [4] to Salamanca [7]: Badajoz [4] connects to Santarem [1], Faro [5], Salamanca [7], Toledo [8], Sevilha [9].
Road: Badajoz [4] -> Salamanca [7]. No intermediate villages.
Badajoz [4] to Sevilha [9]: Road: Badajoz [4] -> Sevilha [9]. No intermediate villages.

"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
We are not sending troops from different villages to the same target on the same turn.
Wait, we send 4 spearman from Faro to Badajoz, and 2 knights from Santarem to Badajoz.
They arrive on the same turn (Turn 8).
But they are going to a village WE already own (Badajoz).
"You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements."
So they just join the garrison, no fight. OK.

"Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there..."
No enemy armies sighted.

"Your own armies never fight each other: they pass freely."
OK.

"The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival."
We are using the effective defense values directly as instructed.

"You currently hold 7 of 24."
Yes.

"The enemy capital is the hardest single target on the map; taking it is NOT required to win."
We know.

"Reply with ONE valid JSON object and nothing else - no text before or after it."
I will output only the JSON.

Let's construct the JSON carefully.

```json
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 3, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 4, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 5, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 6, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 4, "toId": 7, "troops": {"knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 1, "toId": 4, "troops": {"knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 5, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 4}},
    {"fromId": 3, "toId": 6, "troops": {"spearman": 2}},
    {"fromId": 4, "toId": 9, "troops": {"spearman": 7}}
  ],
  "plan": "Attack Salamanca with 2 knights from Badajoz. Attack Sevilha with 7 spearman from Badajoz. Send 4 spearman from Faro to Badajoz for future defense/reinforcements. Send 2 knights from Santarem to Badajoz for Toledo attack. Send 2 spearman from Coimbra to Porto to gather 8 spearman for Vigo. Build 2 spearman in all villages to replenish losses and prepare for next expansions. Next turn: send 8 spearman from Porto to Vigo, send 2 knights from Badajoz to Toledo, build more troops.",
  "statement": "We launched a multi-pronged assault on the neutral villages. Knights from Badajoz and Santarem are moving to secure Salamanca and prepare for Toledo. Spearman from Badajoz are marching on Sevilha, while reinforcements from Faro and Coimbra are moving to Badajoz and Porto respectively to maintain our offensive momentum and defend our core territories."
}
```

Let's double check if there are any typos or missing fields.
"villageId" vs "id". The prompt says "villageId": <id of one of YOUR villages>.
"fromId", "toId".
"troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}.
Everything looks correct.

Let's review the plan note again.
"Attack Salamanca with 2 knights from Badajoz. Attack Sevilha with 7 spearman from Badajoz. Send 4 spearman from Faro to Badajoz for future defense/reinforcements. Send 2 knights from Santarem to Badajoz for Toledo attack. Send 2 spearman from Coimbra to Porto to gather 8 spearman for Vigo. Build 2 spearman in all villages to replenish losses and prepare for next expansions. Next turn: send 8 spearman from Porto to Vigo, send 2 knights from Badajoz to Toledo, build more troops."
This is clear and concise.

Statement:
"We launched a multi-pronged assault on the neutral villages. Knights from Badajoz and Santarem are moving to secure Salamanca and prepare for Toledo. Spearman from Badajoz are marching on Sevilha, while reinforcements from Faro and Coimbra are moving to Badajoz and Porto respectively to maintain our offensive momentum and defend our core territories."
This is also clear and fits the 2-4 lines requirement.

I will now output the JSON.

ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":4,"destinoId":7,"tropas":{"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":1,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":5,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4}},{"origemId":3,"destinoId":6,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2}},{"origemId":4,"destinoId":9,"tropas":{"lanceiro":7}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO envio [4]->[7]: 2K (alvo neutra arqueiro)
ACEITO envio [1]->[4]: 2K
ACEITO envio [5]->[4]: 4S
ACEITO envio [3]->[6]: 2S
ACEITO envio [4]->[9]: 7S (alvo neutra cavaleiro)
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Attack Salamanca with 2 knights from Badajoz. Attack Sevilha with 7 spearman from Badajoz. Send 4 spearman from Faro to Badajoz for future defense/reinforcements. Send 2 knights from Santarem to Badajoz for Toledo attack. Send 2 spearman from Coimbra to Porto to gather 8 spearman for Vigo. Build 2 spearman in all villages to replenish losses and prepare for next expansions. Next turn: send 8 spearman from Porto to Vigo, send 2 knights from Badajoz to Toledo, build more troops.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): We launched a multi-pronged assault on the neutral villages. Knights from Badajoz and Santarem are moving to secure Salamanca and prepare for Toledo. Spearman from Badajoz are marching on Sevilha, while reinforcements from Faro and Coimbra are moving to Badajoz and Porto respectively to maintain our offensive momentum and defend our core territories.
########## TURNO 7 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3226 | resposta 19264 | raciocinio 17076 | finish stop | ms 256972
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 23, \"toId\": 20, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 18, \"toId\": 16, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 22, \"toId\": 21, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 3}},\n    {\"fromId\": 21, \"toId\": 18, \"troops\": {\"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 2}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"We launch a two-pronged attack: Girona's forces take Huesca, while Castellon's army assaults Valencia. We build spearman at Tarragona and Girona to replenish and prepare for the next push. Barcelona sends its spearman to Tarragona to reinforce for the attack on Zaragoza next turn. We also send Tarragona's archers and knights to Castellon to build up forces for the assault on Teruel. Our goal is to secure these four neutral villages, then expand west towards Madrid and the enemy capital.\",\n  \"statement\": \"This turn, we strike at Huesca and Valencia with our available forces, aiming to expand our territory. Meanwhile, we reinforce Tarragona with spearman from Barcelona and build new troops to prepare for the next battles against Zaragoza and Teruel.\"\n}"
raciocinio: We need to analyze the situation.

We are King B, with 4 villages: Barcelona (22), Tarragona (21), Girona (23), Castellon (18). Total 24 villages on map, need 18 to win. Enemy capital is Lisboa (0) but not required to win. We have 4 villages, need to hold 18 for 2 consecutive turns or eliminate all enemy villages.

Current troops: 17 soldiers at home (7 spearman, 6 archer, 4 knight) across 4 villages.

We have neutral villages adjacent: Zaragoza (17) with 3 knights, defense 8; Huesca (20) with 3 knights, defense 8; Valencia (16) with 3 knights, defense 8; Teruel (13) with 4 archers, defense 10.

We need to build troops and attack neutrals to expand.

Economy: each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. Costs: spearman 15 wood, 0 iron; archer 20 wood, 10 iron; knight 30 wood, 30 iron.

We need to plan builds. Each village has its own stock, so we need to check resources.

Barcelona (22): wood 65, iron 60. Can build spearman (15 wood) or archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or knight (30 wood, 30 iron). It has 3 troops at home (3 spearman? Actually "troops at home: 3 / 300" and available to send: 3 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight). So it has 3 spearman. Resources: wood 65, iron 60. Can build up to 4 spearman (60 wood) or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). But cap is 300 troops, currently 3.

Tarragona (21): wood 60, iron 40. Troops at home: 4 (0 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight). Available to send: 0 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. Resources: can build spearman (15 wood), archer (20 wood, 10 iron), knight (30 wood, 30 iron). With 60 wood, 40 iron, can build up to 4 spearman (60 wood) or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) but iron only 40, so 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 30 wood, 10 iron; could also build archer.

Girona (23): wood 60, iron 40. Troops: 4 (2 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight). Available: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight.

Castellon (18): wood 30, iron 20. Troops: 6 (2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight). Available: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. Resources: can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 0 knight (needs 30 wood, 30 iron, not enough iron).

We need to decide builds and movements.

Goal: expand quickly. Neutrals have knights, which are strong but spearman counters knight? Actually spearman counters knight (multiplies force by 1.5). But we need to consider attack vs defense.

Combat rules: attacker counts ATTACK, defender counts DEFENSE. Effective defense already includes location bonus. For villages, defense bonus x1.25; for castles x1.5. The given effective defense includes that.

Zaragoza: defense 8, garrison 3 knights. Knights have attack 4, defense 2. But effective defense 8 is after bonus. We need to compute force.

If we attack with mixed army, the most numerous type sets counter. We want to counter knights with spearman. So we should send mostly spearman to counter knights. But we also have archers and knights.

Let's compute force for an attack on Zaragoza (neutral, defense 8). Suppose we send from Tarragona (21) which is closest (1 turn). Tarragona has 0 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight available. If we send all, we have 2 archer, 2 knight. Most numerous? Tie between archer and knight (2 each). Ties break in order spearman, archer, knight. So archer is considered most numerous? Actually "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight." So if tie, the type earlier in that order is considered most numerous. So archer would be most numerous. Then counter: archer counters spearman, but enemy is knights, so no counter bonus. Our force: attack sum: archer attack 2 each = 4, knight attack 4 each = 8, total 12. Defender: 3 knights defense 2 each = 6, but effective defense is 8 (includes location bonus). Wait, the rule: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup". For defender, their most numerous type is knights (only type). So defender's type is knight. Our most numerous is archer (by tiebreak). Archer does not counter knight; knight counters archer? Actually counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. So knight counters archer. So defender's knight counters our archer? The rule: "Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5". It says "the counter" - I think it means if your most numerous type counters the enemy's most numerous type, you get bonus. Or if enemy's counters yours, they get bonus? The description: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counts knight; archer counts spearman; knight counts archer. Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5 (every troop in it, not only the countering type)." It doesn't specify who gets the bonus. Usually the attacker gets bonus if they counter defender's type. But the phrasing "Having the counter" could mean the side whose most numerous type counters the opponent's most numerous type gets the bonus. So we need to check both.

Let's interpret: each side's most numerous type is compared. If one side's type counters the other's, that side gets x1.5 to its force. If both counter each other? That's impossible because triangle is asymmetric. If no counter, no bonus.

So for attack on Zaragoza: our most numerous: archer (by tiebreak). Enemy most numerous: knight. Archer does not counter knight; knight counters archer. So enemy's knight counters our archer, so enemy gets x1.5 to their force? Or does the attacker get bonus only if they counter defender? The rule says "Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5". It doesn't specify attacker or defender, just "your". So each side checks if their most numerous type counters the opponent's most numerous. If yes, they multiply their force by 1.5.

So in this case, enemy's knight counters our archer, so enemy gets x1.5 to their effective defense? Wait, the force calculation: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs." Then counter bonus applies to the side that has the counter. So attacker's force = sum of attack values of attacker's troops, multiplied by 1.5 if attacker's most numerous type counters defender's most numerous type. Defender's force = sum of defense values of defender's troops (with location bonus already included in effective defense), multiplied by 1.5 if defender's most numerous type counters attacker's most numerous type.

Then compare: higher effective force wins. Tie favors defender.

So for Zaragoza: attacker force: 2 archer (attack 2) = 4, 2 knight (attack 4) = 8, total 12. Most numerous: archer (tiebreak). Does archer counter knight? No. So no bonus. Attacker force = 12.

Defender: effective defense 8 (given, includes location bonus). But we also need to consider counter bonus for defender. Defender's most numerous: knight. Does knight counter archer? Yes. So defender gets x1.5 to their force. So defender force = 8 * 1.5 = 12.

Tie? 12 vs 12, tie favors defender. So defender wins, attacker destroyed entirely. So that attack would fail.

If we send only knights? But we have only 2 knights. Most numerous would be knight (if we send only knights). Then attacker's knight counters defender's knight? Knight does not counter knight. No bonus. Attacker force: 2 knights attack 4 each = 8. Defender force 8 (no bonus because knight does not counter knight). 8 vs 8, tie favors defender, attacker loses.

If we send only archers: 2 archers attack 4. Defender 8, defender wins.

If we send spearman: we have 0 spearman at Tarragona. We could build some. But we need to consider other villages.

Castellon (18) has 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight available. It faces Teruel (13) with 4 archers, defense 10, and Valencia (16) with 3 knights, defense 8. March from Castellon to Teruel: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. To Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

If we attack Valencia with Castellon's troops: send 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. Most numerous? 2 each, tie, break order spearman, archer, knight -> spearman most numerous. Enemy most numerous: knight (3 knights). Spearman counters knight, so attacker gets x1.5. Attacker force: spearman attack 1*2=2, archer 2*2=4, knight 4*2=8, total 14. With bonus: 14 * 1.5 = 21. Defender: effective defense 8. Defender's most numerous: knight. Does knight counter spearman? No, spearman counters knight, so knight does not counter spearman. So defender no bonus. Force 8. 21 vs 8, attacker wins. But attacker loses troops worth half of loser's effective force. Loser's effective force is 8, so attacker loses troops worth 4. That will be subtracted from attacker's army. The winner loses troops worth half of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types. So we would lose some troops. But we can win and take Valencia.

However, we need to consider that we might want to build more troops before attacking.

Also, we can send from multiple villages? But they fight separately if from different villages, even if same target same turn. So we need to coordinate.

We have 4 villages. We can build troops this turn. Let's plan builds.

We need to decide which neutral to attack first. Zaragoza, Huesca, Valencia, Teruel. They are all neutral. After taking them, we can expand further.

We need 18 villages to win. Currently 4. We need 14 more. There are 20 other villages (24 total - 4 ours). Some are enemy (Lisboa capital and others). We need to eliminate enemy villages or hold 18. Probably easier to take neutrals and then enemy.

Let's list all villages and their status:

Ours: 18 Castellon, 21 Tarragona, 22 Barcelona, 23 Girona.

Neutral visible: 13 Teruel, 16 Valencia, 17 Zaragoza, 20 Huesca.

Unexplored: 12 Madrid, 15 Murcia, 19 Pamplona, 14 Burgos, 7 Salamanca, 8 Toledo, 11 Cordoba, 4 Badajoz, 6 Porto, 10 Vigo, 3 Coimbra, 9 Sevilha, 5 Faro, 1 Santarem, 0 Lisboa (enemy capital), 2 Evora.

So many neutrals likely. Enemy capital Lisboa, probably enemy has other villages too.

We need to build up our economy and army.

Let's compute resources per turn: each village gives 30 wood, 20 iron. So total per turn: 4*30=120 wood, 4*20=80 iron.

Current stocks: Barcelona 65/60, Tarragona 60/40, Girona 60/40, Castellon 30/20. Total wood 215, iron 160.

We can build troops. Each build takes 1 turn. We need to decide what to build where.

We want to attack neutrals. To minimize losses, we should build troops that counter the defender's type.

Zaragoza: 3 knights. Counter: spearman. So we want spearman. We have 0 spearman at Tarragona. We can build spearman at Tarragona (cost 15 wood). Tarragona has 60 wood, 40 iron. Can build up to 4 spearman (60 wood). But we also might want to build other troops.

Huesca: 3 knights, same.

Valencia: 3 knights, same.

Teruel: 4 archers. Counter: knight (knight counters archer). So we want knights to attack Teruel. But knights are expensive (30 wood, 30 iron). We have some knights at Castellon (2). We could build more knights at Castellon? Castellon has 30 wood, 20 iron, can build 1 knight (needs 30 wood, 30 iron) but not enough iron. So cannot build knight this turn at Castellon. Could build at Barcelona (65 wood, 60 iron) -> 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Or Tarragona (60 wood, 40 iron) -> 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 30 wood, 10 iron.

But travel time: Teruel is 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns from Castellon. That's 2 turns for slow troops (spearman), 1 turn for medium (archer), 1 turn for fast (knight). So if we send knights, they arrive in 1 turn. If we send mixed, speed of slowest.

We need to consider that we can send troops from multiple villages, but they fight separately. So we might want to concentrate force from one village to one target.

Let's think about a campaign plan.

We have 4 villages in a cluster: Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Castellon. They are connected: Tarragona connects to Barcelona, Castellon, Zaragoza. Girona connects to Barcelona, Huesca. Castellon connects to Tarragona, Teruel, Valencia.

So we can move troops between them.

We need to capture neutrals to expand. The nearest are Zaragoza, Huesca, Valencia, Teruel. They all have garrisons of 3-4 troops.

We can probably take one this turn if we build and send.

Let's evaluate each possible attack:

1. Attack Zaragoza from Tarragona. Tarragona has 0 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. If we build spearman this turn, we can send them next turn? Actually orders are simultaneous: we order builds and movements for this turn. The build will complete at the end of the turn? The rules: "Each troop type ... ready in 1 turn." So if we order a build, it will be available next turn? Or does it mean it takes 1 turn to build, so if we order now, it will be ready for movement next turn? Typically in these games, builds ordered now are completed at the end of the turn and can be used next turn. But the report says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: ..." So the troops available now are those already built. If we build, they will be available next turn. So we cannot send newly built troops this turn. So we must work with what we have now.

Thus, for this turn's movements, we can only send troops that are currently available.

So we need to decide which available troops to send where.

We have:

Barcelona: 3 spearman available.
Tarragona: 2 archer, 2 knight.
Girona: 2 spearman, 2 archer.
Castellon: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight.

Total available: 7 spearman, 6 archer, 4 knight (matches total 17).

We can send them to attack neutrals or reinforce.

Since we want to capture villages, we should attack neutrals. But we need to win battles.

Let's compute each attack with available troops.

Option A: Attack Zaragoza (17) from Tarragona. Available at Tarragona: 2 archer, 2 knight. As computed, if send all, force 12, defender force 12 (with counter), tie, defender wins. So we lose all. Not good.

If we send only 2 knights: attacker force 8, defender force 8 (no counter), tie, defender wins. Lose knights.

If we send only 2 archers: attacker force 4, defender 8, lose.

So Tarragona alone cannot take Zaragoza.

Option B: Attack Huesca (20) from Girona. Girona has 2 spearman, 2 archer. Enemy 3 knights. If send all: most numerous spearman (2 vs 2 archer, tiebreak spearman). Spearman counters knight, so attacker gets x1.5. Attacker force: spearman 1*2=2, archer 2*2=4, total 6. With bonus 9. Defender: effective defense 8. Defender most numerous knight. Knight does not counter spearman (spearman counters knight). So defender no bonus. Force 8. 9 vs 8, attacker wins! But we need to check tiebreaker: tie favors defender, but 9>8, so attacker wins.

Loser's effective force is 8, so attacker loses troops worth half of 8 = 4. Spread over troop types. How is it spread? "The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself." It says spread over its troop types. Probably the loss is distributed evenly or proportionally? Not specified exactly. We can assume it reduces our troops, but we still win and take the village. So we could take Huesca with Girona's troops, but we lose some troops. We might lose, say, 1 spearman and 1 archer or something. But we need to keep some troops.

If we send only spearman? 2 spearman: force 2, with bonus 3, vs 8, lose.

If we send only archer? 2 archers: force 4, no bonus (archer does not counter knight), vs 8, lose.

So sending both spearman and archer from Girona gives win. But we lose troops. After battle, Girona will have fewer troops.

Option C: Attack Valencia (16) from Castellon. Castellon has 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. Enemy 3 knights. If send all: most numerous tie, break spearman. Spearman counters knight, attacker bonus. Force: spearman 2, archer 4, knight 8 = 14, x1.5 = 21. Defender force 8. Win. Loss: half of 8 = 4. So we lose some troops.

If we send only spearman and archer? 2 spearman, 2 archer: force 2+4=6, with bonus 9, vs 8, win. Loss 4. But we keep knights.

If we send only spearman? 2 spearman: force 2, bonus 3, vs 8, lose.

So Castellon can take Valencia.

Option D: Attack Teruel (13) from Castellon. Teruel has 4 archers, defense 10. Castellon available: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. Enemy most numerous: archer. To counter archer, we need knight (knight counters archer). If we send knights, they counter. But we have 2 knights. If we send only knights: most numerous knight, counters archer, attacker bonus. Force: 2 knights attack 8, x1.5 = 12. Defender: effective defense 10. Defender most numerous archer. Does archer counter knight? No, knight counters archer. So defender no bonus. Force 10. 12 vs 10, attacker wins. Loss: half of 10 = 5. So we lose some troops.

If we send all from Castellon: most numerous tie, break spearman. Spearman does not counter archer (archer counters spearman). So no bonus for attacker? Actually spearman vs archer: archer counters spearman. So defender's archer counters our spearman, defender gets x1.5. Attacker force: 14, no bonus. Defender force: 10 x1.5 = 15. 14 vs 15, attacker loses. So sending all is bad.

If we send knights and archers? 2 knight, 2 archer: most numerous tie between knight and archer, break order: spearman, archer, knight -> archer most numerous. Archer does not counter archer. No bonus. Force: knight 8 + archer 4 = 12. Defender: 10, with bonus? Defender most numerous archer, does archer counter knight? No. So defender no bonus. 12 vs 10, win. Loss 5.

If we send only knights: win as above.

So to take Teruel, best to send only knights (or knights and something that doesn't change most numerous to non-knight). But we need to consider that after battle, we lose troops. We might want to keep archers and spearmen for other battles.

We also can send from other villages to reinforce Castellon before attacking? But reinforcements sent to Castellon would arrive later, and we can only send to Castellon if we own it (we do). But sending from Barcelona or Tarragona to Castellon takes time. Tarragona to Castellon: road? Tarragona [21] connects to [18] Castellon and [22] Barcelona and [17] Zaragoza. So Tarragona to Castellon is 1 turn? March time: not given, but likely 1 turn for fast, etc. We can check road network: Tarragona connects to Castellon directly. So we could send troops from Tarragona to Castellon to reinforce. But they would fight separately if we also attack from Castellon? Actually if we send from Tarragona to Castellon (our village), they join the garrison. Then if we attack from Castellon, we can use them. But orders are simultaneous: we order movements and builds. If we send from Tarragona to Castellon, they will arrive at Castellon at the end of the turn? Or during the turn? The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." But if we send to a village we own, they join that village's garrison as reinforcements. So if we send from Tarragona to Castellon, they will arrive and join Castellon's garrison. Then if we also order an attack from Castellon, does the attack include the newly arrived troops? The attack is ordered at the same time, but the troops are not there yet. The report says: "The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival." And "Marching takes turns, and during those turns the enemy keeps building and moving." So if we send reinforcements, they take time to arrive. If we order an attack from Castellon this turn, we can only use troops that are currently at Castellon. The reinforcements will arrive later and can be used in subsequent turns.

So for this turn, we can only use currently available troops at each village.

We need to decide which attacks to launch. We can launch multiple attacks simultaneously from different villages.

We have 4 villages that can attack. Let's list possible attacks:

- From Tarragona: can attack Zaragoza (17) or Castellon (18) (reinforce) or Barcelona (22) (reinforce). But attacking Zaragoza with available troops likely loses.
- From Girona: can attack Huesca (20) or Barcelona (22). Attacking Huesca with 2 spearman, 2 archer wins but loses some troops.
- From Castellon: can attack Valencia (16) or Teruel (13) or Tarragona (21). Attacking Valencia with all wins; attacking Teruel with knights wins.
- From Barcelona: can attack Tarragona (21) or Girona (23). No enemy adjacent, so only reinforce.

We also could send troops from Barcelona to Tarragona or Girona to reinforce them, but they would take time. Since Tarragona and Girona are adjacent to neutrals, reinforcing them might help next turn.

But we need to consider that after we take a neutral, it becomes ours and we can use its resources and troops.

Let's think about the campaign. We want to expand quickly. Taking Huesca and Valencia this turn would give us two new villages. Teruel is a bit further and has archers, which we might want to take later with knights.

But we need to consider resources and building next turn.

If we attack Huesca from Girona, we send all available from Girona (2 spearman, 2 archer). We win but lose some troops. After battle, Girona will have some troops left, and Huesca becomes ours with the surviving attackers as garrison. What is the loss? Loser's effective force is 8. Attacker loses half of that = 4. How is 4 distributed? It says "spread over its troop types". Probably the game will subtract from our troops proportionally or equally. Since we have 2 spearman (attack 1) and 2 archer (attack 2), total attack 6. The loss of 4 might be in terms of attack power? Or it might be number of troops. Typically, it would be computed as: total effective force of loser is 8, half is 4. The winner loses troops whose total effective force equals 4. But effective force for attacker is sum of attack values? Or is it the same as the force used? The rule: "The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself." So the loss is a fixed amount of "force" equal to half the loser's effective force. That force is subtracted from the winner's army. How it's subtracted is spread over troop types. Probably it removes troops proportionally to their contribution to the winner's force? Or maybe it removes whole troops such that their total attack (or defense?) equals that amount. Since the winner was attacking, its force was based on attack values. So losing troops worth 4 attack power. Our attacker had force 6 (2 spearman=2, 2 archer=4) before bonus? Actually force before bonus was 6, after bonus 9. But the loss is based on loser's effective force, not winner's. So we lose troops whose total attack power sums to 4? Or maybe it's effective force? The wording: "troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force". So if loser's effective force is 8, we lose troops worth 4. What is a troop "worth"? Probably its attack value for attacker, or maybe its cost? Not clear. In many similar games, the loss is calculated as a percentage of the winner's army, but here it's a fixed amount. To be safe, we should assume we will lose some troops, but we can still win.

If we attack Valencia from Castellon with all troops (2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight), attacker force before bonus 14, after bonus 21. Loser effective force 8, half = 4. We lose troops worth 4. That might be, say, 2 archers (attack 4) or 1 knight (attack 4) or 4 spearmen (attack 4). Since we have diverse, it might take a mix.

If we attack Teruel with only 2 knights from Castellon: attacker force 8, bonus 12. Loser effective force 10, half = 5. We lose troops worth 5. Our knights have attack 4 each, total 8. Losing 5 might cost us 1 knight and some other? But we only sent knights, so maybe we lose 1 knight (attack 4) and part of another? But troops are discrete. The rules might round or lose entire troops. Typically, it would remove whole troops, maybe the game chooses which to lose. We can assume we'll lose at least 1 knight, maybe more.

Given that, it might be better to attack Valencia with all from Castellon, since we win with overwhelming force and maybe lose cheaper troops.

But we also need to consider that after taking Valencia, we can use its resources. Valencia is a neutral village with 3 knights currently. When we take it, the surviving attackers become garrison. The village will produce resources. Its defense will be based on location.

We also might want to take Zaragoza, but Tarragona alone can't. We could reinforce Tarragona from Barcelona or Castellon? But they would take time. Barcelona to Tarragona is 1 turn? Road: Barcelona [22] connects to [21] Tarragona and [23] Girona. So 1 turn. Castellon to Tarragona is also 1 turn. So we could send troops from Barcelona to Tarragona this turn, and from Castellon to Tarragona, and then next turn attack Zaragoza with combined forces. But meanwhile, Zaragoza might be building troops? Neutral villages harden every 5 turns: +1 troop of its own type. It's turn 7, so 5 turns ago was turn 2, next hardening at turn 12? Actually "every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type." So they gain troops over time. Zaragoza currently has 3 knights, was 5 5 turns ago? The report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 8 (was 5, 5 turns ago)". That's defense, not troops. But it says "garrison: 3 knights". So it has 3 knights. It might gain more later.

We need to decide on a strategy for the next several turns.

Let's write a plan.

Plan: Expand westward? Actually our villages are in the northeast (Catalonia area). The neutrals are around: Zaragoza, Huesca, Valencia, Teruel. Beyond that are Madrid, Burgos, etc., and eventually the enemy capital Lisboa. We need to capture 18 villages. We have 4, need 14 more. There are 20 other villages. We can take the 4 neutrals now, then expand into unexplored.

We should aim to take Huesca and Valencia this turn, then use them to push further.

But we need to consider that we might lose troops in attacks. We should build replacements.

Let's decide builds for this turn.

We have resources per village. We can build troops to reinforce for future attacks.

We need to think about what to build. We have iron and wood.

Barcelona: 65 wood, 60 iron. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 4 spearman (60 wood). Knights are expensive but powerful. We might want to build knights to counter archers later. But we also need spearman to counter knights.

Tarragona: 60 wood, 40 iron. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and have 10 wood left? Actually 30+20=50 wood, 30+10=40 iron, exactly. Or 4 spearman (60 wood). Or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) leaving 10 iron.

Girona: 60 wood, 40 iron. Same.

Castellon: 30 wood, 20 iron. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight? Not enough iron.

We need to decide based on what we want to attack next.

If we take Huesca and Valencia this turn, next turn we will have new villages. Huesca (20) will be ours, with some garrison. Valencia (16) ours. Then we can use their resources.

We also might want to attack Teruel next turn. Teruel has 4 archers. To counter, we want knights. So we should build knights somewhere. Barcelona can build 2 knights. Tarragona or Girona can build 1 knight each.

Also, we need to consider that after taking Huesca, we might want to push towards Pamplona (19) or Zaragoza (17). Huesca connects to Zaragoza (17) and Pamplona (19) and Girona (23). So from Huesca we can attack Zaragoza or Pamplona.

Zaragoza has 3 knights. To attack it, we want spearman. So we should build spearman.

Valencia connects to Teruel (13), Murcia (15), Castellon (18). So from Valencia we can attack Teruel or Murcia.

Teruel has archers, so we want knights.

So a balanced approach: build spearman for Zaragoza, knights for Teruel.

Let's plan builds:

- Barcelona: build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). These will be available next turn. They can be used to attack Teruel or other archer-heavy areas.
- Tarragona: build 4 spearman (60 wood). To attack Zaragoza.
- Girona: build 4 spearman? But Girona might be used for Huesca. If we attack Huesca this turn, we send all from Girona, so we lose some. Next turn, Girona will have whatever survived plus new builds. We might want to build spearman there too.
- Castellon: build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer? Since we might attack Valencia from Castellon this turn, we send all, so Castellon will be left with whatever survives. We might want to build something to replenish.

But we need to be careful about the cap of 300 troops per village. Currently all are well below.

Let's decide movements for this turn.

We should attack Huesca from Girona and Valencia from Castellon. These are both winnable with current troops.

What about Tarragona? It can't win alone against Zaragoza. We could send some troops from Tarragona to reinforce Castellon or Girona? But they would take time. If we send from Tarragona to Girona, they would arrive at Girona next turn? Actually Tarragona to Girona: road? Tarragona [21] connects to [22] Barcelona and [18] Castellon and [17] Zaragoza. Girona [23] connects to [20] Huesca and [22] Barcelona. So Tarragona to Girona goes through Barcelona? Tarragona -> Barcelona -> Girona. That's two roads, so travel time would be at least 2 turns? The report says "march from [x]: ..." but only gives for visible neutrals. We need to infer from road network. Tarragona to Girona: Tarragona-Barcelona-Girona. That's two segments. So travel time would be 2 slow turns? Actually each segment might take 1 turn for fast, but slowest troop determines. If we send from Tarragona to Girona, they would go Tarragona -> Barcelona -> Girona. At Barcelona, they might stop if Barcelona is not ours? But Barcelona is ours, so they pass through. They would arrive at Girona after 2 turns for slow troops. So not immediately helpful.

Similarly, Barcelona to Tarragona is 1 turn.

So for this turn, we can only use troops already at the attacking villages.

So let's order:

Movements:
- From Girona (23) to Huesca (20): send all available: 2 spearman, 2 archer.
- From Castellon (18) to Valencia (16): send all available: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight.
- From Tarragona (21): maybe send to Zaragoza? But likely lose. Better to send to Barcelona (22) to reinforce? Or send to Castellon? But Castellon is also 1 turn away. If we send from Tarragona to Castellon, they will arrive at Castellon at the end of the turn? Actually if we send this turn, they will be on the road and arrive next turn? The rules: "Marching takes turns". So if we send from Tarragona to Castellon, they will be on the road for some number of turns. Tarragona to Castellon is directly connected, so likely 1 turn for fast, but slowest troop determines. If we send only archers and knights (medium and fast), they might arrive in 1 turn? Actually "march from [x]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Zaragoza from Tarragona. So Tarragona to Zaragoza is 1 turn for all speeds. Tarragona to Castellon is probably also 1 turn. So if we send from Tarragona to Castellon, they would arrive at Castellon at the same time as if they were sent? But orders are simultaneous: we order movements and they happen. If we send from Tarragona to Castellon, they will march and arrive at Castellon after 1 turn? But the battle at Valencia from Castellon happens this turn? Actually the attack on Valencia is ordered this turn from Castellon. The troops from Tarragona would not arrive in time to participate in that attack because they are on the road. The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." But if we send to a village we own, they join the garrison. But they would arrive at the end of the turn? The timing: typically, all movements and attacks are resolved simultaneously. If we send troops from Tarragona to Castellon, they will be on the road during the turn and arrive at Castellon at the end of the turn? Or at the beginning of the next turn? The report says "Marching takes turns, and during those turns the enemy keeps building and moving." So it takes time. If it takes 1 turn, they would arrive at the start of the next turn? Actually, if you send a troop that takes 1 turn, it means it spends 1 turn on the road and arrives at the beginning of the next turn? Or it arrives at the end of the current turn? In many games, a 1-turn march means the troop is available at the destination at the end of the turn, so it can be used next turn. But the rules say "The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival." So if you attack a village, you fight its current defense. If you send reinforcements to your own village, they would arrive and can be used to defend if attacked, but the report shows current garrison.

Given the ambiguity, it's safer to assume that troops sent from one village to another will not arrive in time to fight in the same turn's battle from the destination. So we should not rely on them.

Thus, for this turn, we should use the troops at each village for attacks from that village.

So we can attack Huesca from Girona, Valencia from Castellon. What about Tarragona and Barcelona? They have troops but no easy attacks. We could send them to reinforce each other or to the front lines for future attacks.

We could send Barcelona's 3 spearman to Tarragona to prepare for attacking Zaragoza next turn. Tarragona to Zaragoza is 1 turn. If we send from Barcelona to Tarragona, they take 1 turn? Barcelona to Tarragona is 1 turn. So they would arrive at Tarragona next turn. Then next turn, Tarragona could attack Zaragoza with those reinforcements plus its own new builds.

Similarly, we could send Tarragona's troops to Castellon to reinforce for Teruel? But Castellon is attacking Valencia this turn, so next turn Castellon might need troops for Teruel.

Let's think about the sequence.

Turn 7 (now): we order builds and movements.
Turn 8: builds complete, movements arrive? Actually, if we order builds, they are ready in 1 turn, so they will be available at the start of turn 8? Or at the end of turn 7? Typically, "ready in 1 turn" means they will be available for next turn's orders. So if we build now, we can use them next turn.

Movements: if we send troops from A to B with 1 turn march, they will arrive at B at the start of turn 8? Or during turn 7? The rules: "Marching takes turns, and during those turns the enemy keeps building and moving." So if it takes 1 turn, they are on the road for that turn and arrive at the end of the turn? Actually, in the report, it shows "march from [x]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means the travel time is that many turns. So if you send them, they will arrive after that many turns. So if you send them on turn 7, they arrive on turn 8 (if 1 turn). So they can be used for attacks on turn 8? Or on turn 9? Usually, they arrive at the beginning of the next turn, so they can be used on turn 8. But we need to check the rules: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So if you send an army to attack a neutral, it will fight when it arrives. If you send to your own village, it will join the garrison upon arrival. So if we send from Barcelona to Tarragona (1 turn), they will arrive at Tarragona at the start of turn 8? Or end of turn 7? The turn order: we give orders, then all moves and battles happen simultaneously. So if we order a march from Barcelona to Tarragona, the troops will leave Barcelona and travel for 1 turn. They will arrive at Tarragona at the end of the turn? Or at the beginning of the next? Typically, in these games, a 1-turn march means they arrive at the destination at the same time as other 1-turn marches, and can then participate in battles that turn? But if they arrive at Tarragona, and we also order an attack from Tarragona on the same turn, do the reinforcements arrive in time to join the attack? The rules say "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This implies that if you send troops from multiple villages to the same enemy village, they fight separately. But if you send troops to your own village, they join the garrison. If you then attack from that village, the attack includes the garrison at the time of attack. But if the reinforcements arrive on the same turn, do they count? The rule about "each send fights alone" suggests that the timing is such that they don't merge before fighting. So likely, if you send reinforcements to a village and also attack from that village in the same turn, the reinforcements are not yet there. They would arrive at the end of the turn, after battles. So you can't use them in the same turn's attack.

Therefore, for simplicity, we should assume that any march ordered this turn will arrive at the destination at the start of the next turn, and can only be used for orders next turn. So we should plan accordingly.

Thus, for turn 7, we can only use troops currently at each village.

So let's decide:

We will attack Huesca from Girona and Valencia from Castellon.

We need to decide what to do with Tarragona and Barcelona.

Option: Send Barcelona's troops to Tarragona to reinforce for next turn's attack on Zaragoza. Send Tarragona's troops to... maybe keep them? Or send to Castellon to reinforce for Teruel? But Castellon will be attacking Valencia this turn, so after that battle, Castellon might lose troops. If we send Tarragona's troops to Castellon, they will arrive next turn, and then Castellon can use them for Teruel on turn 8? But Teruel is 2 slow turns from Castellon? Actually "march from [18] Castellon: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Teruel. So if we send knights (fast), they take 1 turn. So if we send knights from Tarragona to Castellon on turn 7, they arrive at Castellon on turn 8. Then on turn 8, we can send them from Castellon to Teruel, arriving on turn 9 (if fast). So that's a delay.

Alternatively, we could send Tarragona's troops directly to Teruel? But Tarragona to Teruel: road? Tarragona [21] connects to [17] Zaragoza and [18] Castellon. Teruel [13] connects to [8] Toledo, [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon. So Tarragona to Teruel would go through Castellon or Zaragoza. If through Castellon, it's Tarragona->Castellon->Teruel, 2 turns for fast? Actually Tarragona-Castellon is 1 turn, Castellon-Teruel is 1 turn for fast, so 2 turns total. So not immediate.

We could send Tarragona's troops to Zaragoza to attack? But we calculated they lose. So better to reinforce Tarragona with Barcelona's troops, and then next turn attack Zaragoza with combined forces.

Let's compute what we need to attack Zaragoza. Zaragoza has 3 knights, defense 8. To win, we need attacker force > defender force (with possible counter). If we attack with spearman-heavy army, we get counter bonus. Suppose we send from Tarragona: we can build spearman there this turn. If we build 4 spearman at Tarragona this turn, they will be available next turn. Also Barcelona sends 3 spearman. So next turn, Tarragona could have its own 4 spearman + Barcelona's 3 = 7 spearman, plus maybe some archers/knights if we keep them. But we need to consider that Tarragona currently has 2 archer, 2 knight. If we send those to Zaragoza, they might be vulnerable. Better to send only spearman to counter knights. If we send 7 spearman: attack 7, with counter bonus (spearman counters knight) x1.5 = 10.5. Defender force 8. 10.5 > 8, win. Loss: half of 8 = 4. So we lose some spearman. We might lose 4 spearman? That would leave 3. But we can also have archers/knights if we want, but they might change the most numerous type. If we include even 1 archer, most numerous might still be spearman if we have more spearman. But if we have 7 spearman and 2 archer, spearman is most numerous, bonus applies. Force: spearman 7, archer 4, total 11, x1.5 = 16.5. Win. Loss 4. So that works.

So plan: turn 7: build spearman at Tarragona and Girona? Girona is attacking Huesca, so we might want to build spearman there to replenish after battle. But we can also build at Barcelona for later.

Let's decide builds:

- Tarragona: build 4 spearman (cost 60 wood). It has 60 wood, 40 iron. So wood 60 -> 0, iron remains 40. Next turn, Tarragona will have 4 new spearman plus whatever survived from current troops if we send them away. If we send current troops (2 archer, 2 knight) to somewhere, they will be gone. So Tarragona will have 4 spearman at home. Then we can also receive reinforcements from Barcelona.

- Barcelona: build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). These can be used for Teruel or other archer targets. Or we could build spearman to send to Tarragona. But Barcelona already has 3 spearman available to send. If we build more spearman, we can send them too. But we might need knights later. Let's think: after taking Huesca and Valencia, we will have new villages. We need to push west towards Madrid, etc. Madrid (12) is unexplored, but it connects to many. We might need diverse troops.

Given that we have many neutral villages with knights (Zaragoza, Huesca, Valencia) and archers (Teruel), we should build spearman to counter knights, and knights to counter archers. Archers are good against spearman, but we can use knights.

We also need to consider that our own troops might be lost in attacks.

Let's simulate the battles to see what we lose.

Battle 1: Girona vs Huesca.
Girona sends: 2 spearman, 2 archer.
Enemy: 3 knights, defense 8.
Attacker most numerous: spearman (2 vs 2, tiebreak spearman). Spearman counters knight -> attacker x1.5.
Attacker force: spearman 2*1=2, archer 2*2=4, total 6. With bonus: 9.
Defender force: 8 (no bonus because knight does not counter spearman).
Result: attacker wins. Loser effective force 8, so attacker loses troops worth 4.
How is 4 distributed? The attacker's force before bonus was 6. The loss is 4. Likely the game will remove troops such that their total attack power equals 4? Or maybe it removes a portion of each troop type proportionally. Since we have 2 spearman (total attack 2) and 2 archer (total attack 4), total attack 6. Losing 4 attack power might mean losing both archers (attack 4) or losing 1 archer and 2 spearmen? But we only have 2 spearman. It could be that the loss is applied as a percentage: we lose 4/6 of our force, so we lose 4/6 of each type? That would be fractional. More likely, the game selects whole troops to remove, prioritizing perhaps the most valuable or least? The rules don't specify. In many similar games, the loss is calculated as a percentage of each troop type, rounding down. So we might lose 1 archer (since 4/6 of 2 archers = 1.33, maybe 1) and 1 spearman (4/6 of 2 = 1.33, maybe 1). Or it could be that the loss is taken from the attacker's army in terms of effective force, and it subtracts troops starting from the back? We'll have to see. For planning, assume we lose some troops, but we still win and take Huesca. The surviving troops become the garrison of Huesca.

Battle 2: Castellon vs Valencia.
Castellon sends: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight.
Enemy: 3 knights, defense 8.
Attacker most numerous: tie, break spearman. Spearman counters knight -> x1.5.
Attacker force: spearman 2, archer 4, knight 8 = 14. With bonus: 21.
Defender force: 8.
Win. Loss: half of 8 = 4. Attacker loses troops worth 4. Our force 14, loss 4. Might lose, say, 1 knight (attack 4) or 2 archers (attack 4) or 4 spearman (but we only have 2). Probably we lose some mix. Survivors garrison Valencia.

After these battles, we will have taken Huesca and Valencia. Our villages: Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Castellon, Huesca, Valencia = 6 villages. We need 18, so 12 more.

Now, next turn (turn 8), we will have new resources. We can build and attack further.

We also need to consider that the enemy might attack us. The enemy is not visible, but they might have armies on the march. The report says "ENEMY (only what your watchmen can see): - none sighted". So no enemy armies are currently marching towards us. So we are safe for now.

Now, let's write the plan and statement.

Plan: We will expand by taking Huesca and Valencia this turn. Then we will use those villages to push further. We will build spearman at Tarragona and Barcelona to prepare for attacking Zaragoza next turn. We will build knights at Barcelona to counter archers later. We will aim to take Zaragoza and Teruel in the next few turns, then expand west towards Madrid and beyond.

But we need to be specific in the plan field: 2-6 lines.

Statement: 2-4 lines telling the audience what we did this turn. Since we haven't done anything yet, we are about to give orders. The statement should describe our actions. It can be something like: "We launch a two-pronged attack: Girona's forces strike Huesca, while Castellon's army assaults Valencia. Meanwhile, we build spearman at Tarragona and knights at Barcelona to prepare for the next pushes."

Now, we need to output JSON with build, movements, plan, statement.

Builds: we need to decide exactly what to build and where.

Let's finalize builds:

- Tarragona (21): build 4 spearman. Cost: 15*4=60 wood. Tarragona has 60 wood, 40 iron. So wood becomes 0, iron stays 40. This is fine.
- Barcelona (22): build 2 knights. Cost: 30*2=60 wood, 30*2=60 iron. Barcelona has 65 wood, 60 iron. Wood becomes 5, iron becomes 0. Can afford.
- Girona (23): we might want to build something to replenish after battle. Girona has 60 wood, 40 iron. We could build 4 spearman (60 wood) or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 1 knight + 1 archer? Let's think: after attacking Huesca, Girona will lose some troops. We might want to build spearman to counter knights for future. But Girona is near Huesca and Zaragoza. Zaragoza has knights, so spearman is good. So build 4 spearman at Girona? But Girona is sending all its current troops to Huesca, so it will have 0 troops at home after sending. If we build 4 spearman, they will be there next turn. That's good. But we need to consider that Girona's resources: 60 wood, 40 iron. 4 spearman cost 60 wood, so wood 0, iron 40. That works.
- Castellon (18): after attacking Valencia, it will lose troops. We might want to build something. Castellon has 30 wood, 20 iron. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Since Castellon will be near Valencia and Teruel, and Teruel has archers, we might want knights. But we can't build knights (need 30 wood, 30 iron). So build 2 spearman? Or 1 archer? Spearman are cheaper and useful against knights. But we already have many spearman plans. Let's build 2 spearman at Castellon to replenish. Cost 30 wood, wood becomes 0, iron 20.

But we also need to consider that we might want to build archers or knights for later. We have iron at Tarragona (40) and Girona (40) and Barcelona (0 after building knights). We could build archers at Tarragona or Girona instead of all spearman. But we need spearman for Zaragoza. We can also use archers as support. Let's think about the attack on Zaragoza next turn. We plan to attack from Tarragona with spearman. If we build 4 spearman at Tarragona, and Barcelona sends 3 spearman, we have 7 spearman. We might also have some archers/knights from Tarragona if we don't send them. But we could send Tarragona's current 2 archer and 2 knight to Zaragoza as well? That would increase force but might change most numerous. If we send 7 spearman + 2 archer + 2 knight, most numerous is spearman, so bonus applies. Force: spearman 7, archer 4, knight 8 = 19, x1.5 = 28.5 vs defender 8, easy win. But we would lose more troops? Loss is still half of 8 = 4, so same loss. So we could send everything. But then Tarragona would be left with nothing. Better to keep some troops at Tarragona for defense? But Tarragona is interior? Actually Tarragona is on the front line, but it's ours. If we leave it undefended, the enemy could attack it? But the enemy is far away. Also, neutral villages might become enemy? No, they are neutral. So we can afford to send all troops from Tarragona to attack, leaving Tarragona with only new builds. But if we build 4 spearman, they will be there next turn. If we send all current troops, Tarragona will have 4 spearman next turn. That's okay.

But we need to consider that we also might want to send troops from Barcelona to Tarragona to reinforce. Barcelona has 3 spearman available now. If we send them to Tarragona, they will arrive next turn. Then Tarragona would have its own 4 spearman + Barcelona's 3 = 7 spearman, plus whatever we send from Tarragona itself. If we send Tarragona's current troops (2 archer, 2 knight) to Zaragoza, they would be at Tarragona? Actually if we send them from Tarragona to Zaragoza, they leave Tarragona. So Tarragona's garrison after sending will be just the new builds (4 spearman). Then Barcelona's 3 spearman arrive, making 7 spearman at Tarragona. Then we can attack Zaragoza from Tarragona with those 7 spearman. That works.

What about Girona? After attacking Huesca, Girona will have some surviving troops. We don't know how many. We build 4 spearman there, so next turn Girona will have those plus survivors.

Castellon: after attacking Valencia, we build 2 spearman.

We also need to consider that we might want to attack Teruel. Teruel is 2 slow turns from Castellon. We could send knights from Barcelona to Castellon to reinforce, then attack Teruel. But that takes time.

Maybe we should also build knights at Barcelona for Teruel. We already plan 2 knights. That's good.

Now, movements:

- From Girona (23) to Huesca (20): send all available: 2 spearman, 2 archer.
- From Castellon (18) to Valencia (16): send all available: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight.
- From Barcelona (22) to Tarragona (21): send all available: 3 spearman. (To reinforce Tarragona for next turn's attack on Zaragoza.)
- From Tarragona (21): what to do with its current troops? We could send them to Zaragoza to attack? But we calculated that alone they lose. If we send them to Zaragoza, they will fight and lose. That's bad. We could send them to Castellon to reinforce for Teruel? Or send them to Barcelona? Or keep them at Tarragona? If we keep them at Tarragona, they will be part of Tarragona's garrison. Then next turn, when we attack Zaragoza, we can choose to send only the spearman and not the archers/knights to avoid changing the counter? Actually if we have 7 spearman and 2 archer, 2 knight at Tarragona, we can choose to send only the spearman to attack, leaving the others at home. That might be better to avoid losing them, since the loss is fixed and we might lose cheaper troops if we send only spearman. But if we send only spearman, we have 7 spearman, force 10.5 vs 8, win. Loss 4, which might cost us 4 spearman (since they are worth 1 each, 4 attack = 4). That would leave 3 spearman. If we also send archers and knights, we might lose more expensive troops? The loss is "troops worth half of the loser's effective force", which is 4. It doesn't depend on what we send; it's a fixed amount. So if we send a mix, the game will deduct 4 worth of troops from whatever we sent. It might deduct proportionally, so if we send many knights, it might deduct a knight (worth 4) and that's it. If we send only spearman, it deducts 4 spearman. So the loss in terms of troop count might be higher if we send only cheap troops. But we might prefer to keep knights for later. So it's a trade-off.

Given that we need to build up our army, we might want to send a mix to preserve spearman. But we have limited iron for building knights. Let's think about the loss in more detail.

The rule: "The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself." So the total loss is fixed at half the loser's effective force. How it's spread over troop types is not specified. It could mean that the loss is distributed proportionally among the troop types present in the winning army. For example, if the winning army has 50% spearman, 30% archer, 20% knight by force, then the loss is taken in that proportion. So if we send a mix, we lose a mix. If we send only one type, we lose only that type.

So if we attack Zaragoza with only spearman, we lose only spearman. If we attack with a mix, we lose a mix. Since spearman are cheaper to build (15 wood) and we can produce them quickly, it might be better to lose spearman than knights (30 wood, 30 iron). So we might want to attack with only spearman to minimize loss of expensive troops. But we also need to have enough spearman to win. 7 spearman gives force 10.5 > 8, win. Loss 4, so we lose 4 spearman, leaving 3. That's acceptable.

If we include archers and knights, we might lose some of those instead, but we might also risk changing the most numerous type if we have too many of one type. As long as spearman remain the most numerous, we keep the bonus. With 7 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight, spearman are most numerous. The loss of 4 would be spread: total force 19, spearman force 7/19 of loss? Actually the loss is 4, so it might deduct 4/19 of each type's force? That would be fractional. More likely, it deducts whole troops. The simplest interpretation is that the game randomly picks troops from the winning army until the total "cost" or "value" equals half the loser's effective force. But we don't know.

Given the uncertainty, it's safer to attack with a single type to control losses. So for Zaragoza, we should attack with only spearman. For Teruel, we should attack with only knights (since knights counter archers). For other neutrals, we can use the appropriate counter type.

So our strategy: build spearman for knight-heavy targets, build knights for archer-heavy targets.

Now, for this turn's movements, we are attacking Huesca and Valencia. Both have knights. We are using mixed armies from Girona and Castellon. But we could instead send only spearman from Girona? Girona has 2 spearman and 2 archer. If we send only 2 spearman, force 2, bonus 3 vs 8, lose. So we need the archers to reach winning force. With 2 spearman and 2 archer, force 6, bonus 9 > 8. So we must include archers. So we will lose some mix. That's okay.

For Castellon vs Valencia, we could send only spearman and archer? 2 spearman, 2 archer: force 6, bonus 9 > 8, win. But we also have 2 knights. If we include them, force 14, bonus 21, still win. But we might lose knights. Since we need knights for Teruel, maybe we should not send the knights to Valencia, but keep them at Castellon for Teruel. However, if we don't send them, Castellon's attack force is 6 (2 spearman, 2 archer), bonus 9, win. Loss 4. We would lose some of those. The knights stay at Castellon. Then next turn, we can use the knights to attack Teruel. That seems better: preserve knights.

So for Castellon, send only 2 spearman and 2 archer to Valencia. Keep the 2 knights at home.

But wait, Castellon has 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. If we send only 2 spearman and 2 archer, we leave 2 knights. That's fine.

Now, what about Tarragona? We want to keep its 2 archer and 2 knight for later? Or send them to Zaragoza? If we send them to Zaragoza along with spearman, they might be lost. Better to keep them at Tarragona or send them to reinforce elsewhere. We could send Tarragona's 2 archer and 2 knight to Castellon to reinforce for Teruel? But they would take 1 turn to arrive. Then next turn, Castellon would have its own 2 knights + Tarragona's 2 archer and 2 knight? Actually Tarragona's troops would arrive at Castellon at the start of turn 8. Then on turn 8, we can attack Teruel from Castellon. Teruel has 4 archers. To counter, we want knights. So we could send knights from Castellon. If we have 2 knights at Castellon (kept from this turn) + Tarragona's 2 knights (arrive turn 8) = 4 knights. That would be great. But Tarragona's troops are 2 archer and 2 knight. So we would send 2 archer and 2 knight from Tarragona to Castellon. They will arrive next turn.

But we also need to consider that Tarragona might need troops for defense? Not really.

What about Barcelona? We planned to send 3 spearman from Barcelona to Tarragona. But if we send Tarragona's troops away, Tarragona will be left with only new builds (4 spearman). Then Barcelona's 3 spearman arrive, making 7 spearman at Tarragona. That's good for attacking Zaragoza.

But we also might want to send Barcelona's spearman to Castellon instead? No, we need spearman for Zaragoza.

Let's check resources: Barcelona has 65 wood, 60 iron. We plan to build 2 knights there. That uses 60 wood, 60 iron. Then Barcelona has 5 wood, 0 iron. It has 3 spearman available to send. We send them to Tarragona.

Tarragona: we build 4 spearman (60 wood). It has 60 wood, 40 iron. After build, wood 0, iron 40. It has 2 archer, 2 knight available. We send them to Castellon? Or we could send them to Zaragoza? If we send them to Castellon, they will arrive next turn. But then Tarragona will have 0 troops at home (except new builds). Then Barcelona's 3 spearman arrive, making Tarragona have 3 spearman + 4 new spearman = 7 spearman. That's good.

But wait: if we send Tarragona's troops to Castellon, they will be on the road for 1 turn. Tarragona to Castellon is 1 turn. So they will arrive at Castellon at the start of turn 8. Meanwhile, Castellon is attacking Valencia this turn with 2 spearman, 2 archer. After battle, Castellon will have some surviving troops plus the 2 knights we kept. Then on turn 8, Tarragona's reinforcements arrive, adding 2 archer and 2 knight. Then Castellon can attack Teruel.

But we also need to consider that Castellon might lose its 2 spearman and 2 archer in the attack on Valencia? The loss is 4. If we send 2 spearman (attack 2) and 2 archer (attack 4), total attack 6. Loss 4 might mean we lose, say, both archers (attack 4) or one archer and two spearman? If we lose both archers, we have 2 spearman left. If we lose 2 spearman and 1 archer? We don't know. But we will have some survivors.

Anyway, let's proceed with this plan.

Now, we need to write the JSON.

Builds:
- Tarragona: 4 spearman.
- Barcelona: 2 knights.
- Girona: 4 spearman? Or maybe we should build something else at Girona. Girona is sending all troops to Huesca, so it will be empty. We build 4 spearman to have a garrison and for future. But we might want to build archers or knights there. Girona is near Huesca and Zaragoza. Zaragoza has knights, so spearman is good. Huesca, once taken, will have knights? Actually Huesca currently has 3 knights. When we take it, the garrison will be whatever survives from our attack. We might want to build spearman there later. But for now, building at Girona is fine.
- Castellon: build 2 spearman (30 wood) to replenish.

But we also have iron at Tarragona (40) and Girona (40) and Barcelona (0). We could build archers instead of all spearman. For example, at Tarragona, we could build 2 archer and 2 spearman? 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron) + 2 spearman (30 wood) = 70 wood, but we only have 60 wood. So not possible. We could build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 2 spearman (30 wood) = 60 wood, 30 iron. That uses 30 iron, leaves 10 iron. That gives Tarragona a knight for future. But we need spearman for Zaragoza. If we build 1 knight and 2 spearman, we have fewer spearman. We need 7 spearman to attack Zaragoza. Barcelona sends 3, Tarragona builds 2, total 5. Not enough? We could also send spearman from Girona? Girona is building 4 spearman. We could send some from Girona to Tarragona? But they are far. Girona to Tarragona goes through Barcelona: Girona->Barcelona->Tarragona, 2 turns. So not in time for next turn.

We could attack Zaragoza from both Tarragona and Girona? Girona to Zaragoza: Girona->Huesca->Zaragoza? Huesca is neutral, we are attacking it this turn. If we take Huesca, then next turn Girona could attack through Huesca to Zaragoza? But Huesca will be ours, so we can march through. Girona to Huesca is 1 turn, Huesca to Zaragoza is 1 turn? Actually Huesca [20] connects to [17] Zaragoza and [19] Pamplona and [23] Girona. So Girona->Huesca->Zaragoza is 2 turns for slow. So not next turn.

So for next turn, we can only attack Zaragoza from Tarragona (or from Barcelona if we move troops). So we need enough spearman at Tarragona.

Let's calculate: Tarragona will have its own new builds + reinforcements from Barcelona. If we build 4 spearman at Tarragona, and Barcelona sends 3 spearman, we have 7 spearman. That's enough.

If we build 2 spearman and 1 knight at Tarragona, we have 2 spearman + 3 from Barcelona = 5 spearman, plus 1 knight. To attack Zaragoza, we could send the 5 spearman and the knight? Most numerous spearman (5 vs 1), bonus applies. Force: spearman 5, knight 4 = 9, x1.5 = 13.5 > 8. Win. Loss 4. We might lose the knight? Or lose spearman. It might be okay. But we lose the knight which is expensive. If we send only spearman, we need at least 6 spearman to get force 9 > 8? Actually 6 spearman: attack 6, bonus 9 > 8. 5 spearman: attack 5, bonus 7.5 < 8, lose. So we need at least 6 spearman to win with only spearman. With 5 spearman + 1 knight, force 9, bonus 13.5, win. But we include a knight, which might be lost. Since the loss is fixed, if we include the knight, the loss might take the knight if it's worth 4, and we'd lose fewer spearman. But we might prefer to keep the knight. It's a trade-off.

Given that we can build more spearman cheaply, it might be better to build all spearman at Tarragona and send only spearman to Zaragoza, losing 4 spearman but keeping the knight and archer for other things.

But we also have Tarragona's current 2 archer and 2 knight. If we keep them at Tarragona, they can be used for defense or other attacks. If we send them away, they are on the road.

Let's decide: keep Tarragona's 2 archer and 2 knight at Tarragona? But then Tarragona's garrison will be those plus new builds. When we attack Zaragoza, we can choose to send only spearman, leaving the archers and knights at home. That way, they don't participate in the battle and won't be lost. So we can have our cake and eat it too: we can have 7 spearman at Tarragona (from new builds + Barcelona) and also have the 2 archer and 2 knight sitting at Tarragona, but we don't send them to attack. They just stay there. So we don't need to send them to Castellon. We can keep them at Tarragona.

But wait: if we don't send Tarragona's current troops anywhere, they will remain at Tarragona. Then Tarragona will have: new 4 spearman (built) + current 2 archer, 2 knight = 8 troops total. Then Barcelona sends 3 spearman, arriving next turn, making 11 troops. Then we can attack Zaragoza with, say, 7 spearman (leaving 4 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight at home). That works.

So we don't need to move Tarragona's troops. We can just leave them.

What about Barcelona? We send its 3 spearman to Tarragona. That's fine.

Now, what about Girona? We send all to Huesca. Girona will be left with 0 troops, but we build 4 spearman there, so next turn it will have 4 spearman.

Castellon: we send 2 spearman, 2 archer to Valencia, keep 2 knights. We build 2 spearman, so next turn Castellon will have 2 knights + 2 new spearman + whatever survives from the attack.

Now, we need to consider if we should send any reinforcements to Girona or Castellon from Barcelona? Barcelona has 3 spearman, we are sending to Tarragona. Could we send some to Girona? Girona is attacking Huesca, so it doesn't need reinforcements this turn. Next turn, Girona might need troops. But we can build there.

We also have the option to send troops from Barcelona to Castellon to reinforce for Teruel. But we need spearman for Zaragoza. We could build more spearman at Barcelona and send them to Tarragona next turn? But we already have enough for Zaragoza.

Let's think about Teruel. We want to attack Teruel with knights. We have 2 knights at Castellon, and we are building 2 knights at Barcelona. Next turn, Barcelona's 2 knights could be sent to Castellon (1 turn), arriving turn 9. Or we could send them directly to Teruel? Barcelona to Teruel: road? Barcelona [22] -> Tarragona [21] -> Castellon [18] -> Teruel [13]. That's 3 turns. Or Barcelona -> Girona -> Huesca -> Zaragoza -> Teruel? Longer. So not good. Better to send to Castellon.

But we also have Tarragona's 2 knights. We could send them to Castellon next turn to reinforce for Teruel. So we have multiple sources of knights.

For now, let's keep it simple.

Let's finalize the orders.

Builds:
- Tarragona (21): build 4 spearman.
- Barcelona (22): build 2 knights.
- Girona (23): build 4 spearman.
- Castellon (18): build 2 spearman.

Movements:
- Girona (23) -> Huesca (20): 2 spearman, 2 archer.
- Castellon (18) -> Valencia (16): 2 spearman, 2 archer.
- Barcelona (22) -> Tarragona (21): 3 spearman.
- Tarragona (21): no movement? Or we could send the 2 archer and 2 knight to Castellon? I think we should keep them at Tarragona for now. But we could also send them to Castellon to prepare for Teruel. Let's send them to Castellon to reinforce. That way, Tarragona is left with only new spearman, and Castellon gets reinforcements. But then Tarragona will have only 4 spearman (new) + 3 from Barcelona = 7 spearman, which is enough. And we don't need the archers/knights at Tarragona. So it's better to send them to Castellon where they can be used for the next push.

So:
- Tarragona (21) -> Castellon (18): 2 archer, 2 knight.

Check: Tarragona to Castellon is 1 turn. They will arrive at Castellon at the start of turn 8. Castellon will have its own surviving troops + these.

Now, what about Barcelona? We send 3 spearman to Tarragona. That's fine.

Now, we need to write the plan and statement.

Plan: "We launch a two-pronged attack: Girona's forces take Huesca, while Castellon's army assaults Valencia. We build spearman at Tarragona and Girona to replenish and prepare for the next push. Barcelona sends its spearman to Tarragona to reinforce for the attack on Zaragoza next turn. We also send Tarragona's archers and knights to Castellon to build up forces for the assault on Teruel. Our goal is to secure these four neutral villages, then expand west towards Madrid and the enemy capital."

Statement: "This turn, we strike at Huesca and Valencia with our available forces, aiming to expand our territory. Meanwhile, we reinforce Tarragona with spearman from Barcelona and build new troops to prepare for the next battles against Zaragoza and Teruel."

Now, we need to ensure the JSON is valid.

Let's double-check the build quantities and resources.

Tarragona: wood 60, iron 40. Build 4 spearman: cost 60 wood, 0 iron. Wood becomes 0, iron 40. OK.
Barcelona: wood 65, iron 60. Build 2 knights: cost 60 wood, 60 iron. Wood becomes 5, iron 0. OK.
Girona: wood 60, iron 40. Build 4 spearman: cost 60 wood, 0 iron. Wood 0, iron 40. OK.
Castellon: wood 30, iron 20. Build 2 spearman: cost 30 wood, 0 iron. Wood 0, iron 20. OK.

Movements:
- Girona to Huesca: 2 spearman, 2 archer. Girona has those available.
- Castellon to Valencia: 2 spearman, 2 archer. Castellon has those.
- Barcelona to Tarragona: 3 spearman. Barcelona has 3 spearman available.
- Tarragona to Castellon: 2 archer, 2 knight. Tarragona has those.

All good.

Now, we need to output only the JSON.

Let's write it.

ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":23,"destinoId":20,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":2}},{"origemId":18,"destinoId":16,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":2}},{"origemId":22,"destinoId":21,"tropas":{"lanceiro":3}},{"origemId":21,"destinoId":18,"tropas":{"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":2}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO envio [23]->[20]: 2S+2A (alvo neutra cavaleiro)
ACEITO envio [18]->[16]: 2S+2A (alvo neutra cavaleiro)
ACEITO envio [22]->[21]: 3S
ACEITO envio [21]->[18]: 2A+2K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): We launch a two-pronged attack: Girona's forces take Huesca, while Castellon's army assaults Valencia. We build spearman at Tarragona and Girona to replenish and prepare for the next push. Barcelona sends its spearman to Tarragona to reinforce for the attack on Zaragoza next turn. We also send Tarragona's archers and knights to Castellon to build up forces for the assault on Teruel. Our goal is to secure these four neutral villages, then expand west towards Madrid and the enemy capital.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): This turn, we strike at Huesca and Valencia with our available forces, aiming to expand our territory. Meanwhile, we reinforce Tarragona with spearman from Barcelona and build new troops to prepare for the next battles against Zaragoza and Teruel.
REFORCO [4] Badajoz dono A: 2S+1K
REFORCO [4] Badajoz dono A: 3S
REFORCO [6] Porto dono A: 4S
REFORCO [1] Santarem dono A: 1K
REFORCO [5] Faro dono A: 2S
placar: A 7 ald/tropas 18 | B 4 ald/tropas 2 | neutras 13 | transito 9 (A 5 | B 4)

########## TURNO 8 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3407 | resposta 11509 | raciocinio 8280 | finish stop | ms 141098
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 4, \"toId\": 8, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 6, \"toId\": 10, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 10, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 7, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 0, \"toId\": 1, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 1, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 2, \"toId\": 5, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 3, \"toId\": 6, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 0}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Our forces are converging on the neutral villages. The 7 spearmen already marching will take Sevilha, 2 knights will take Toledo, and 10 spearmen will take Vigo. We are shuttling all available troops from the safe rear (Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, Coimbra) to the front lines (Badajoz, Faro, Porto) to prepare for the next wave of expansion into the unexplored east. We build 2 spearmen everywhere possible to maintain our momentum.\",\n  \"statement\": \"The great offensive is underway! Our spearmen are descending on Sevilha, our knights are striking Toledo, and the Porto host is assault Vigo. Every available sword is being sent to the border to secure our gains and prepare for the march further into enemy territory. We are building 2 spearmen in every village to ensure our ranks remain full.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A and provide orders for the next turn based on the game state described.
Let's analyze the game state:
Current turn: Turn 8.
Holdings: 8 of 24 villages. Need 18 (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate all enemy villages.
Current Villages:
[0] Lisboa (Capital): 5 troops at home (300 cap). Wood 30, Iron 70. Available to send: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight.
[1] Santarem: 4 troops at home. Wood 30, Iron 90. Available to send: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight.
[2] Evora: 3 troops at home. Wood 30, Iron 90. Available: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight.
[3] Coimbra: 3 troops at home. Wood 30, Iron 60. Available: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight.
[4] Badajoz: 8 troops at home. Wood 30, Iron 40. Available: 6 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight. Already marching: 7 spearmen to [9] Sevilha.
[5] Faro: 6 troops at home. Wood 30, Iron 60. Available: 2 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight.
[6] Porto: 11 troops at home. Wood 30, Iron 40. Available: 10 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight.
[7] Salamanca: 1 troop at home. Wood 0, Iron 0. Available: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. (Note: Salamanca was just conquered, has wood 0, iron 0, but produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn? Wait, the text says "wood 0 (+30/turn) | iron 0 (+20/turn)", so it has 0 wood and 0 iron right now, but will produce 30/20. Since it has 0 resources, it cannot build anything this turn unless it already has resources, but it says wood 0, iron 0).

Wait, let's look at the available resources:
[0] Lisboa: wood 30, iron 70. Can build: spearman (15 wood), archer (20 wood, 10 iron), knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
Let's calculate maximum builds per village based on resources:
[0] Lisboa: wood 30, iron 70. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
Let's see what is best to build. We need troops.
[1] Santarem: wood 30, iron 90. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
[2] Evora: wood 30, iron 90. Can build 2 spearman, or 1 knight, or 1 archer.
[3] Coimbra: wood 30, iron 60. Can build 2 spearman, or 1 knight, or 1 archer.
[4] Badajoz: wood 30, iron 40. Can build 2 spearman, or 1 knight, or 1 archer.
[5] Faro: wood 30, iron 60. Can build 2 spearman, or 1 knight, or 1 archer.
[6] Porto: wood 30, iron 40. Can build 2 spearman, or 1 knight, or 1 archer.
[7] Salamanca: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build anything.

Let's look at the enemy and neutral villages:
Neutral:
[8] Toledo: 4 archers, defense 10. March from [4] Badajoz: 1 fast turn (since knight is fast, 1 fast turn; spearman slow, 1 slow turn).
[10] Vigo: 4 knights, defense 10. March from [6] Porto: 1 fast turn.
[9] Sevilha: 4 knights, defense 10. March from [4] Badajoz: 1 fast turn. (We already sent 7 spearmen from [4] to [9], arriving in 1 turn).
[12] Madrid: 4 archers, defense 10. March from [7] Salamanca: 1 fast turn.

Let's check the marching troops:
We have 7 spearmen marching from [4] Badajoz to [9] Sevilha, arriving in 1 turn (this turn).
We also have reinforcements arriving at [4] Badajoz: 2 knights, 4 spearmen. And at [6] Porto: 2 spearmen.
Wait, "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" says:
- You attacked [7] Salamanca: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 1 troop)
- Your reinforcement (2 knights) arrived at [4] Badajoz
- Your reinforcement (4 spearmen) arrived at [4] Badajoz
- Your reinforcement (2 spearmen) arrived at [6] Porto

Let's check the available troops to send now:
[0] Lisboa: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight.
[1] Santarem: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight.
[2] Evora: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight.
[3] Coimbra: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight.
[4] Badajoz: 6 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight. (But 7 spearmen are already marching to [9] Sevilha. The "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" lists 6 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight. This means the 7 marching spearmen are already subtracted from the total or they are the ones at home? Let's check: "troops at home: 8 / 300. AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 6 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight. already marching out (NOT available): 7 spearmen". So total troops at Badajoz was 8 + 7 = 15? Or the 7 marching are part of the 8? "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 6 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight (attack power if all sent: 14). already marching out (NOT available): 7 spearmen". This means total troops is 8 at home, and 7 marching. Wait, if 8 are at home, and 6 spearman + 2 knight are available, that's 8. And 7 spearmen are marching. So total troops at Badajoz is 15.
[5] Faro: 2 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight.
[6] Porto: 10 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight.
[7] Salamanca: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight.

Let's look at the neutral villages we can attack:
[8] Toledo: 4 archers, defense 10.
[10] Vigo: 4 knights, defense 10.
[9] Sevilha: 4 knights, defense 10. (7 spearmen are marching there. Will they win? 7 spearmen vs 4 knights.
Let's calculate the battle at Sevilha:
Attackers: 7 spearmen. Attack value of spearman is 1. Total attack = 7.
Defenders: 4 knights. Defense value of knight is 2. Location bonus: village, so defense counts x1.25. But the report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 10". So we use 10 directly.
Wait! "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again."
So defender has effective defense 10.
Attacker has 7 spearmen. Attack is 7.
Is there a counter? Spearman counters knight. So attacker gets a bonus of 1.5x.
Wait, "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
Attacker has only spearmen (7). Defender has only knights (4). Spearman counters knight, so multiplier is 1.5.
Effective attack = 7 * 1.5 = 10.5.
Effective defense = 10.
Since 10.5 > 10, attacker wins.
But "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
Losses for attacker: effective defense of loser / something? "attrition against the loser's effective force". Usually, losses are proportional. Let's assume we win but take some losses. 7 spearmen vs 4 knights. We'll see what happens.

Let's look at Toledo:
[8] Toledo: 4 archers, defense 10.
If we attack with knights: knight attack 4, archer defense 2. Knight counters archer? No, archer counters spearman, spearman counters knight, knight counters archer. Yes, knight counters archer!
So if we send knights, we get 1.5x multiplier.
If we send 2 knights from Badajoz: attack = 2 * 4 * 1.5 = 12. Defense = 10. We win.
If we send 1 knight from Lisboa to Toledo? Lisboa is connected to [1], [2]. Not directly to Toledo. To reach Toledo, we must go through other villages.
Let's check the road network:
[0] Lisboa: [1], [2]
[1] Santarem: [0], [3], [4]
[2] Evora: [0], [5]
[3] Coimbra: [1], [6], [7]
[4] Badajoz: [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]
[5] Faro: [2], [4], [9]
[6] Porto: [3], [7], [10]
[7] Salamanca: [3], [4], [6], [12]
[8] Toledo: [4], [11], [12], [13]

So to reach Toledo [8], we can march from:
- [4] Badajoz: direct road to [8]. March time: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So 1 turn for knights, 1 turn for spearmen.
- [7] Salamanca: road to [12], then [12] to [8]? Or [7] to [4] to [8]? Road network says:
[7] Salamanca: [3], [4], [6], [12]
[8] Toledo: [4], [11], [12], [13]
So Salamanca is connected to [4] and [12]. Toledo is connected to [4] and [12].
So from Salamanca [7], we can go to [4] then [8], or [12] then [8]. That's 2 steps.
From Badajoz [4], we can go directly to [8]. That's 1 step.

Let's look at Vigo [10]:
[10] Vigo: [6], [14]
So from Porto [6], we can go directly to [10]. March time: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

Let's look at Madrid [12]:
[12] Madrid: [7], [8], [14], [17]
From Salamanca [7], we can go directly to [12]. March time: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

Let's look at Sevilha [9]:
[9] Sevilha: [4], [5], [11]
From Badajoz [4], direct to [9]. March time: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns? Wait, the report says:
"march from [4] Badajoz: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
Ah, so the distance is 2 for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast.
Wait, let's look at the march times in the report:
[8] Toledo: march from [4] Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns
[10] Vigo: march from [6] Porto: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns
[9] Sevilha: march from [4] Badajoz: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns
[12] Madrid: march from [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns

Okay, so:
Toledo is 1 turn for all speeds from Badajoz.
Vigo is 1 turn for all speeds from Porto.
Sevilha is 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns from Badajoz.
Madrid is 1 turn for all speeds from Salamanca.

Let's plan our moves.
We currently have 8 villages. We need 18 to win.
We have 7 spearmen marching to [9] Sevilha. They will arrive this turn and attack Sevilha.
We should also attack Toledo, Vigo, and Madrid.
Let's see what troops we can send to Toledo [8]:
From Badajoz [4], we have 6 spearman, 2 knight available.
If we send 2 knights to Toledo [8]: they will arrive in 1 fast turn (1 turn).
Wait, if we send 2 knights from Badajoz to Toledo, and 7 spearmen are already marching to Sevilha, can we do both? Yes, we can send from different villages or the same village as long as we have the troops.
Badajoz has 6 spearman and 2 knight available. We can send 2 knights to Toledo.
Let's check if we can send from Lisboa [0] to somewhere.
Lisboa is connected to [1] Santarem and [2] Evora.
From Lisboa, we can send troops to Santarem or Evora to reinforce them, or they can march further. But marching takes time.
Let's look at the enemy capital: Barcelona [22]. It is unexplored, but we know it's the enemy capital. We don't need to take it to win, but taking it would eliminate an enemy village. The win condition is: "hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village."
There are 24 villages total. We hold 8. The enemy capital is 1. There are 12 unexplored villages. Some of them are enemy, some might be neutral.
If we take all neutral villages, we will have 8 + 4 (Toledo, Vigo, Sevilha, Madrid) = 12. We still need 6 more villages, which are in the unexplored area (Cordoba, Teruel, Burgos, Zaragoza, Valencia, Murcia, Castellon, Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona, Barcelona, Girona).
To reach them, we need to march through the network.
Let's look at the connections to the unexplored area:
[8] Toledo connects to [11] Cordoba, [13] Teruel.
[9] Sevilha connects to [11] Cordoba.
[10] Vigo connects to [14] Burgos.
[12] Madrid connects to [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza.
So if we take Toledo, Sevilha, Vigo, Madrid, we will have access to Cordoba, Teruel, Burgos, Zaragoza.
We should try to take these 4 neutral villages as quickly as possible.
Let's plan the attacks for this turn:
1. Sevilha [9]: 7 spearmen are already marching from Badajoz [4]. They will arrive this turn. (Wait, the report says "arrives in 1 turn", so they arrive this turn and fight).
2. Toledo [8]: We can send 2 knights from Badajoz [4]. They will arrive in 1 turn.
3. Vigo [10]: We can send troops from Porto [6]. Porto has 10 spearman, 1 knight available.
Wait, Vigo has 4 knights, defense 10.
If we send 10 spearman from Porto: attack 10. Spearman counters knight, so 10 * 1.5 = 15. Defense 10. We win.
If we send 1 knight and some spearman? Knight is fast, spearman is slow. Mixed army marches at slow speed. So if we mix, it takes 1 slow turn (which is 1 turn anyway since Vigo is 1 slow turn from Porto).
Let's check the march time from Porto to Vigo: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So it's 1 turn for all.
If we send 10 spearman, we have a good chance.
Wait, can we send archers? Archer counters spearman, but Vigo has knights. Knight counters archer. So archers are bad against knights.
So spearman or knights are good. Spearman is cheaper (15 wood) and we have 10 of them. Let's send 10 spearman from Porto [6] to Vigo [10].
4. Madrid [12]: Salamanca [7] has 1 knight available. Madrid has 4 archers, defense 10.
Knight counters archer. 1 knight attack 4 * 1.5 = 6. Defense 10. 6 < 10, so 1 knight is not enough.
Can we send more from somewhere else to Salamanca first, or directly from another village?
Let's check connections to Madrid [12]:
[12] Madrid: [7], [8], [14], [17]
So we can reach Madrid from [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza.
Since Salamanca [7] is ours, we can send troops from Salamanca. But Salamanca only has 1 knight at home.
Can we send troops from Coimbra [3] to Salamanca [7]?
[3] Coimbra: [1], [6], [7]. So Coimbra is connected to Salamanca.
Coimbra has 2 spearman, 1 archer available.
If we send 2 spearman from Coimbra to Salamanca, they will arrive in 1 turn (since Coimbra to Salamanca is 1 slow turn? Let's check the distance. Coimbra is connected to Salamanca. Usually 1 turn).
Then next turn, we can send them to Madrid. But Madrid would have hardened by then (gains +1 troop every 5 turns).
Or we can send from Badajoz [4] to Salamanca [7] to Madrid? Badajoz is connected to Salamanca [7].
But we already have troops marching from Badajoz to Sevilha and Toledo.
Can we send from Porto [6] to Salamanca [7]?
[6] Porto: [3], [7], [10]. Porto is connected to Salamanca.
Porto has 10 spearman. We are sending 10 to Vigo. We can't split if we want to be strong, but we can send some to Salamanca.
Wait, what if we send 1 knight from Salamanca to Madrid? It's not enough.
What if we send 1 knight from Lisboa to Salamanca?
Lisboa [0] -> Santarem [1] -> Badajoz [4] -> Salamanca [7]? That's 3 steps.
Lisboa [0] -> Evora [2] -> Faro [5] -> Badajoz [4] -> Salamanca [7]? That's 4 steps.
Lisboa [0] -> Santarem [1] -> Coimbra [3] -> Salamanca [7]? That's 3 steps.
So it takes 3 turns to get from Lisboa to Salamanca.
What about sending from Badajoz [4] to Madrid [12] via Salamanca [7]?
Badajoz is connected to Salamanca [7]. Salamanca is connected to Madrid [12].
So Badajoz -> Salamanca -> Madrid. That's 2 steps.
But we can only send to one destination per army. An army stops at the first village that is not ours. Since Salamanca is ours, an army from Badajoz to Madrid would pass through Salamanca and arrive at Madrid.
Wait! "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination. You cannot march past an enemy or neutral village to hit one behind it."
But Salamanca is OURS! So we CAN march past it.
Wait, "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements."
If we order Badajoz to Madrid, the path is Badajoz -> Salamanca -> Madrid. Since Salamanca is ours, do they stop there? "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours". Salamanca is ours, so they don't stop there. They continue to Madrid.
But the travel time would be the sum of the road segments: Badajoz to Salamanca (1 turn?) + Salamanca to Madrid (1 turn) = 2 turns.
Let's check if we can send 2 knights from Badajoz to Madrid. We only have 2 knights at Badajoz, and we want to send them to Toledo (1 turn).
If we send them to Madrid, it takes 2 turns.
What if we send 1 knight from Salamanca to Madrid now? It takes 1 turn, but 1 knight is not enough to take Madrid (needs >10 effective defense, 1 knight has 6).
Wait, Madrid has 4 archers, defense 10.
If we send 1 knight (attack 4 * 1.5 = 6) plus some other troops?
Salamanca only has 1 knight. It has no other troops at home (0 spearman, 0 archer).
So we cannot reinforce Salamanca this turn to send to Madrid.
Can we send from Coimbra [3] to Madrid [12] directly?
Coimbra is connected to [1], [6], [7]. Not directly to Madrid. Path: Coimbra -> Salamanca -> Madrid. 2 turns.
Can we send from Porto [6] to Madrid [12]?
Porto is connected to [3], [7], [10]. Path: Porto -> Salamanca -> Madrid. 2 turns.
So any attack on Madrid this turn can only be 1 knight from Salamanca, which is too weak.
So we should NOT attack Madrid this turn. We should wait until we have more troops, or attack it next turn after we reinforce Salamanca.
Wait, what if we send 1 knight from Salamanca to Madrid just to see? No, we will lose it.
Instead, we can send the 1 knight from Salamanca to somewhere else, or keep it for defense.
Actually, Salamanca is on the border, but it has no other troops, so its defense is low (effective defense 3). If the enemy attacks it, we lose. But the enemy is far away (Barcelona). So it's probably safe for now.

Let's review the builds we can do this turn.
We need to build troops to replace losses and grow our army.
Resources per village:
[0] Lisboa: wood 30, iron 70. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
Let's build 2 spearman in Lisboa. Cost: 30 wood. We have 30 wood.
[1] Santarem: wood 30, iron 90. Build 2 spearman (30 wood).
[2] Evora: wood 30, iron 90. Build 2 spearman (30 wood).
[3] Coimbra: wood 30, iron 60. Build 2 spearman (30 wood).
[4] Badajoz: wood 30, iron 40. Build 2 spearman (30 wood).
[5] Faro: wood 30, iron 60. Build 2 spearman (30 wood).
[6] Porto: wood 30, iron 40. Build 2 spearman (30 wood).
[7] Salamanca: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.

Wait, is it better to build knights or archers?
Knights cost 30 wood + 30 iron. Archers cost 20 wood + 10 iron.
We have plenty of iron in some villages (Lisboa 70, Santarem 90, Evora 90, Coimbra 60, Faro 60).
But wood is limited to 30 per village (since each village produces 30 wood, and cap is 300 troops, but we only have a few troops so wood is at 30).
Wait, "Each village you hold produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn."
And the report says:
[0] Lisboa: wood 30 (+30/turn) | iron 70 (+20/turn)
This means it currently has 30 wood and 70 iron.
If we build 2 spearman, we use 30 wood, leaving 0 wood. Next turn it will produce 30 wood, so we can build again.
If we build 1 knight, we use 30 wood and 30 iron, leaving 0 wood and 40 iron.
If we build 1 archer, we use 20 wood and 10 iron, leaving 10 wood and 60 iron.
Since we want to build as many troops as possible, and spearman only costs 15 wood, we can build 2 spearman per village (cost 30 wood). This is the maximum wood we can spend.
So building 2 spearman in each village that has 30 wood is the most efficient way to spend wood.
Let's check if we can build archers instead of spearman in some villages to diversify.
We have some archers already (4 at home, plus Faro has 3).
But spearman are cheap and we need numbers to hold villages.
Let's build 2 spearman in Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, Coimbra, Badajoz, Faro, Porto.
Total builds: 12 spearman.
Let's check the exact quantities and costs:
[0] Lisboa: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood). Wood becomes 0.
[1] Santarem: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood). Wood becomes 0.
[2] Evora: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood). Wood becomes 0.
[3] Coimbra: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood). Wood becomes 0.
[4] Badajoz: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood). Wood becomes 0.
[5] Faro: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood). Wood becomes 0.
[6] Porto: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood). Wood becomes 0.
[7] Salamanca: 0 (wood 0).

Wait, can we build knights in some villages to have a mobile strike force?
Knights are fast and expensive.
Lisboa has iron 70. If we build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron), we use 30 wood and 30 iron. We have 30 wood, so we can build 1 knight and 0 spearman (since wood is 30, knight costs 30).
But 1 knight is only 1 troop. 2 spearman are 2 troops. Since we need to hold many villages, numbers are often better, but knights have higher attack (4 vs 1) and speed.
However, we have plenty of spearman already (30 at home). We need to expand quickly.
Let's look at the movements we want to make:
- Badajoz [4] to Toledo [8]: send 2 knights. (Toledo has 4 archers, defense 10. 2 knights attack = 8 * 1.5 = 12 > 10. We win).
- Porto [6] to Vigo [10]: send 10 spearman. (Vigo has 4 knights, defense 10. 10 spearman attack = 10 * 1.5 = 15 > 10. We win).
- Badajoz [4] to Sevilha [9]: 7 spearmen are already marching. They will arrive this turn.
- Salamanca [7] to Madrid [12]: we don't have enough troops to take Madrid yet. But we can send the 1 knight from Salamanca to Badajoz [4] to reinforce our capital area or to prepare for next moves?
Wait, Salamanca is connected to Badajoz [4]. If we send 1 knight from Salamanca to Badajoz, it will arrive in 1 turn and join Badajoz.
Or we can send it to Coimbra [3] or Porto [6] to reinforce.
Actually, Salamanca is very exposed if we leave it with only 1 knight and no other troops. But right now there is no enemy nearby.
Let's send the 1 knight from Salamanca [7] to Badajoz [4] to help defend Badajoz or prepare for the next wave of attacks. Badajoz is a key hub.
Wait, Badajoz already has 8 troops at home, and we are sending 2 knights to Toledo. If we send 1 knight from Salamanca to Badajoz, Badajoz will have even more.
What about sending from Lisboa [0] to Santarem [1] or Evora [2]?
Lisboa has 4 spearman, 1 knight. We can send them to Santarem or Evora to start building a larger army there, or we can just keep them in Lisboa for defense. Lisboa is the capital, defense 15, so it's quite safe.
Let's send 1 knight from Lisboa [0] to Santarem [1] to start a strike force there. Santarem is connected to Badajoz and Coimbra.
Actually, let's look at the map. We need to expand towards the east/north.
The unexplored villages are to the east.
To reach them, we need to go through Toledo, Sevilha, Madrid, Vigo.
We are attacking Toledo, Sevilha, Vigo this turn.
Next turn, we will hold them (if we win), and we can send troops further to Cordoba, Teruel, Burgos, Zaragoza.
So we need to build up troops in the front-line villages: Badajoz, Porto, Salamanca.
Let's send some troops from the rear (Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, Coimbra) to the front.
- Lisboa [0] to Santarem [1]: send 4 spearman. This will reinforce Santarem.
- Santarem [1] to Badajoz [4]: send 4 spearman. This will reinforce Badajoz.
- Evora [2] to Faro [5]: send 2 spearman, 1 knight. Faro is close to Sevilha.
- Coimbra [3] to Porto [6]: send 2 spearman, 1 archer. Porto is attacking Vigo, so reinforcing it is good.
Wait, if we send from Coimbra to Porto, they will arrive in 1 turn and can be used for the next moves.
Let's check the distances:
Lisboa to Santarem: 1 turn.
Santarem to Badajoz: 1 turn.
Evora to Faro: 1 turn.
Coimbra to Porto: 1 turn.
So these reinforcements will arrive next turn.

Let's calculate the total troops we are sending:
From Badajoz [4]:
- 7 spearmen to Sevilha [9] (already marching, arrives this turn)
- 2 knights to Toledo [8] (arrives in 1 turn)
From Porto [6]:
- 10 spearman to Vigo [10] (arrives in 1 turn)
From Salamanca [7]:
- 1 knight to Badajoz [4] (arrives in 1 turn)
From Lisboa [0]:
- 4 spearman to Santarem [1] (arrives in 1 turn)
From Santarem [1]:
- 4 spearman to Badajoz [4] (arrives in 2 turns: Lisboa -> Santarem -> Badajoz? No, if we send from Santarem to Badajoz, it takes 1 turn. But we are also sending 4 spearman from Lisboa to Santarem. The ones from Lisboa will arrive at Santarem next turn, and then we can send them further. But we can also send the existing 4 spearman from Santarem to Badajoz now).
Let's check Santarem's available troops: 4 spearman. Yes, we can send them now.
From Evora [2]:
- 2 spearman, 1 knight to Faro [5] (arrives in 1 turn)
From Coimbra [3]:
- 2 spearman, 1 archer to Porto [6] (arrives in 1 turn)

Let's double check if we have these troops available:
[0] Lisboa: 4 spearman, 1 knight available. We send 4 spearman to Santarem. (Leaves 1 knight at Lisboa).
[1] Santarem: 4 spearman available. We send 4 spearman to Badajoz. (Leaves 0 at Santarem).
[2] Evora: 2 spearman, 1 knight available. We send 2 spearman, 1 knight to Faro. (Leaves 0 at Evora).
[3] Coimbra: 2 spearman, 1 archer available. We send 2 spearman, 1 archer to Porto. (Leaves 0 at Coimbra).
[4] Badajoz: 6 spearman, 2 knight available. We send 2 knights to Toledo. (Leaves 6 spearman at Badajoz).
[5] Faro: 2 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight available. We don't send from Faro, just receive.
[6] Porto: 10 spearman, 1 knight available. We send 10 spearman to Vigo. (Leaves 1 knight at Porto).
[7] Salamanca: 1 knight available. We send 1 knight to Badajoz. (Leaves 0 at Salamanca).

This looks like a very solid plan! We are moving all our available troops to the front lines or attacking neutral villages.
Let's review the battles:
1. Sevilha [9]: 7 spearmen vs 4 knights (defense 10).
Attack: 7 spearman. Counter: spearman vs knight = 1.5x.
Effective attack = 7 * 1.5 = 10.5.
Defense = 10.
We win. We will take some losses, but we conquer Sevilha.
2. Toledo [8]: 2 knights vs 4 archers (defense 10).
Attack: 2 knights. Counter: knight vs archer = 1.5x.
Effective attack = 2 * 4 * 1.5 = 12.
Defense = 10.
We win. We conquer Toledo.
3. Vigo [10]: 10 spearman vs 4 knights (defense 10).
Attack: 10 spearman. Counter: spearman vs knight = 1.5x.
Effective attack = 10 * 1.5 = 15.
Defense = 10.
We win. We conquer Vigo.

If we win these three, we will have 8 + 3 = 11 villages (Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, Coimbra, Badajoz, Faro, Porto, Salamanca + Toledo, Sevilha, Vigo).
We still need 7 more to reach 18.
The unexplored villages are: Cordoba, Teruel, Burgos, Zaragoza, Valencia, Murcia, Castellon, Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona, Barcelona, Girona.
That's 12 villages. Some are enemy, some might be neutral.
We will have access to Cordoba (via Toledo or Sevilha), Teruel (via Toledo), Burgos (via Vigo or Madrid), Zaragoza (via Madrid).
So we are well positioned to expand further next turns.

Let's write the "plan" and "statement".
Plan:
"We attacked Salamanca last turn and won. This turn, our 7 spearmen reach Sevilha, 2 knights reach Toledo, and 10 spearmen reach Vigo. We should win all three and add them to our empire. We are sending all available troops from the rear to the front: Lisboa to Santarem, Santarem to Badajoz, Evora to Faro, Coimbra to Porto, and Salamanca to Badajoz. We build 2 spearmen in every village that has wood (all except Salamanca). Next turn, we will have Toledo, Sevilha, Vigo, and we can march on Cordoba, Teruel, Burgos, and Madrid."

Statement:
"Your Majesty's armies are on the march! The 7 spearmen have reached Sevilha, the 2 knights are striking at Toledo, and the 10 spearmen from Porto are assault Vigo. All available troops are being shuffled to the front lines to secure our new borders. We are building 2 spearmen in every productive village to replenish our ranks. The age of expansion is upon us!"

Let's format the JSON.
Builds:
[0] Lisboa: 2 spearman
[1] Santarem: 2 spearman
[2] Evora: 2 spearman
[3] Coimbra: 2 spearman
[4] Badajoz: 2 spearman
[5] Faro: 2 spearman
[6] Porto: 2 spearman

Movements:
- from 4 to 8: 2 knights (Toledo)
- from 6 to 10: 10 spearman (Vigo)
- from 7 to 4: 1 knight (Salamanca to Badajoz)
- from 0 to 1: 4 spearman (Lisboa to Santarem)
- from 1 to 4: 4 spearman (Santarem to Badajoz)
- from 2 to 5: 2 spearman, 1 knight (Evora to Faro)
- from 3 to 6: 2 spearman, 1 archer (Coimbra to Porto)

Wait, the 7 spearmen to Sevilha [9] are already marching. Do we need to put them in the movements list?
The prompt says: "already marching out (NOT available): 7 spearmen". And in the "ARMIES ON THE MARCH" section: "7 spearmen: [4] -> [9], arrives in 1 turn".
Usually, we don't need to repeat already marching orders unless we want to change them (which we can't, they are already marching). But to be safe, we can omit them from "movements" since they are already on the march and not available to send. The prompt says "movements: [ {"fromId": ..., "toId": ..., "troops": {...}} ]". It's for orders we write this turn. The 7 spearmen are already marching, so they will arrive automatically. We don't need to order them again.

Let's double check the troop counts and availability:
[0] Lisboa: 4 spearman, 1 knight. We send 4 spearman to [1]. Valid.
[1] Santarem: 4 spearman. We send 4 spearman to [4]. Valid.
[2] Evora: 2 spearman, 1 knight. We send 2 spearman, 1 knight to [5]. Valid.
[3] Coimbra: 2 spearman, 1 archer. We send 2 spearman, 1 archer to [6]. Valid.
[4] Badajoz: 6 spearman, 2 knight. We send 2 knights to [8]. Valid.
[5] Faro: 2 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. We don't send from here. Valid.
[6] Porto: 10 spearman, 1 knight. We send 10 spearman to [10]. Valid.
[7] Salamanca: 1 knight. We send 1 knight to [4]. Valid.

Let's check the build quantities:
We build 2 spearman in [0], [1], [2], [3], [4], [5], [6].
Is there any village where we cannot build 2 spearman due to wood?
[0] Lisboa: wood 30. 2 spearman cost 30 wood. Yes.
[1] Santarem: wood 30. Yes.
[2] Evora: wood 30. Yes.
[3] Coimbra: wood 30. Yes.
[4] Badajoz: wood 30. Yes.
[5] Faro: wood 30. Yes.
[6] Porto: wood 30. Yes.
[7] Salamanca: wood 0. No build.

This is perfect.

Let's write the JSON carefully.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 3, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 4, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 5, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 6, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 4, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 6, "toId": 10, "troops": {"spearman": 10, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 7, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 0, "toId": 1, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 1, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 2, "toId": 5, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 3, "toId": 6, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}}
  ],
  "plan": "Our forces are converging on the neutral villages. The 7 spearmen already marching will take Sevilha, 2 knights will take Toledo, and 10 spearmen will take Vigo. We are shuttling all available troops from the safe rear (Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, Coimbra) to the front lines (Badajoz, Faro, Porto) to prepare for the next wave of expansion into the unexplored east. We build 2 spearmen everywhere possible to maintain our momentum.",
  "statement": "The great offensive is underway! Our spearmen are descending on Sevilha, our knights are striking Toledo, and the Porto host is assault Vigo. Every available sword is being sent to the border to secure our gains and prepare for the march further into enemy territory. We are building 2 spearmen in every village to ensure our ranks remain full."
}

Let's review the prompt's instructions:
"Reply with ONE valid JSON object and nothing else - no text before or after it."
"Write them in ENGLISH, every turn, even if your note from last turn is in another language"
"plan": your NOTE TO YOUR NEXT TURN, 2 to 4 lines (anything past 600 characters is cut off).
"statement": 2 to 4 lines telling the audience what you did THIS turn.

Let's check the length of plan and statement.
Plan is around 4 lines, well under 600 characters.
Statement is 4 lines, well under 600 characters.

Let's double check the village IDs and troop types.
"spearman", "archer", "knight". All correct.
Village IDs: 0 to 7 are mine. 8, 9, 10, 12 are visible neutrals. 11, 13-23 are unexplored.
I used 8 (Toledo), 10 (Vigo), 4 (Badajoz), 6 (Porto), 7 (Salamanca), 1 (Santarem), 2 (Evora), 5 (Faro), 3 (Coimbra). All are valid IDs from the report.

Let's check if there are any constraints I missed.
"Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."
Yes, all villages have 30 wood, spearman costs 15 wood, so 2 spearman costs 30 wood. They can pay for it.
"Cap per village: when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building". We have way fewer than 300.
"Each troop type has a speed: spearman (slow), archer (medium), knight (fast). A MIXED army marches at the speed of its SLOWEST troop."
In my movements:
- from 2 to 5: 2 spearman, 1 knight. Mixed, so slow. Distance from Evora to Faro: [2] Evora: [0], [5]. Direct road. So 1 turn for slow.
- from 3 to 6: 2 spearman, 1 archer. Mixed, slow. Coimbra to Porto: [3] Coimbra: [1], [6], [7]. Direct road to [6]. 1 turn.
- from 0 to 1: 4 spearman. Lisboa to Santarem: [0] Lisboa: [1], [2]. Direct road. 1 turn.
- from 1 to 4: 4 spearman. Santarem to Badajoz: [1] Santarem: [0], [3], [4]. Direct road. 1 turn.
- from 7 to 4: 1 knight. Salamanca to Badajoz: [7] Salamanca: [3], [4], [6], [12]. Direct road to [4]. 1 turn.
- from 4 to 8: 2 knights. Badajoz to Toledo: [4] Badajoz: [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. Direct road to [8]. 1 turn.
- from 6 to 10: 10 spearman. Porto to Vigo: [6] Porto: [3], [7], [10]. Direct road to [10]. 1 turn.

Everything seems perfectly aligned with the rules and the map.

I will output the JSON now.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":4,"destinoId":8,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":6,"destinoId":10,"tropas":{"lanceiro":10,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":7,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":0,"destinoId":1,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":1,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":2,"destinoId":5,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":3,"destinoId":6,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":0}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO envio [4]->[8]: 2K (alvo neutra arqueiro)
ACEITO envio [6]->[10]: 10S (alvo neutra cavaleiro)
ACEITO envio [7]->[4]: 1K
ACEITO envio [0]->[1]: 4S
ACEITO envio [1]->[4]: 4S
ACEITO envio [2]->[5]: 2S+1K
ACEITO envio [3]->[6]: 2S+1A
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Our forces are converging on the neutral villages. The 7 spearmen already marching will take Sevilha, 2 knights will take Toledo, and 10 spearmen will take Vigo. We are shuttling all available troops from the safe rear (Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, Coimbra) to the front lines (Badajoz, Faro, Porto) to prepare for the next wave of expansion into the unexplored east. We build 2 spearmen everywhere possible to maintain our momentum.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): The great offensive is underway! Our spearmen are descending on Sevilha, our knights are striking Toledo, and the Porto host is assault Vigo. Every available sword is being sent to the border to secure our gains and prepare for the march further into enemy territory. We are building 2 spearmen in every village to ensure our ranks remain full.
########## TURNO 8 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3764 | resposta 10310 | raciocinio 7786 | finish stop | ms 119844
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 21, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 7}},\n    {\"fromId\": 18, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 4}},\n    {\"fromId\": 23, \"toId\": 20, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4}},\n    {\"fromId\": 22, \"toId\": 21, \"troops\": {\"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 16, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 1, \"archer\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 20, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 1, \"archer\": 1}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"We launch a two-pronged attack: Tarragona's spearman assault Zaragoza, while Castellon's mixed force takes Teruel. Girona's spearman reinforce Huesca, and Valencia's troops reinforce Teruel after its capture. Barcelona's knights march to Tarragona for a rapid response force. We build spearman across all capable villages to replenish our ranks and prepare for the push into Madrid and the unexplored west.\",\n  \"statement\": \"Our forces move on all fronts! Tarragona's spearman horde strikes at Zaragoza, while Castellon's mighty army assaults Teruel. Girona and Valencia send reinforcements to secure our new lands. We build spearman everywhere to keep the pressure on our enemies. The conquest of Spain continues!\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B and provide a JSON response with orders for the current turn.

Let's analyze the current state:
- Turn 8.
- I hold 6 of 24 villages (need 18 for 75% to win, or eliminate all enemy villages).
- My villages:
  - Barcelona (capital): 2 troops (2 knight). Wood 35, Iron 20.
  - Tarragona: 7 troops (7 spearman). Wood 30, Iron 60.
  - Girona: 4 troops (4 spearman). Wood 30, Iron 60.
  - Castellon: 8 troops (2 spearman, 2 archer, 4 knight). Wood 30, Iron 40.
  - Huesca: 2 troops (1 spearman, 1 archer). Wood 0, Iron 0.
  - Valencia: 2 troops (1 spearman, 1 archer). Wood 0, Iron 0.
- Neutral villages visible:
  - Zaragoza: 3 knights, defense 8. March from Huesca: 1 fast turn.
  - Teruel: 4 archers, defense 10. March from Valencia: 1 fast turn.
  - Murcia: 4 knights, defense 10. March from Valencia: 1 fast turn.
  - Pamplona: 4 knights, defense 10. March from Huesca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- Unexplored: Madrid, Burgos, Salamanca, Toledo, Cordoba, Badajoz, Porto, Vigo, Coimbra, Sevilha, Faro, Santarem, Lisboa (enemy capital), Evora.
- Road network connects my villages to neutrals and unexplored areas.
- I need to build troops and move them.
- Let's check resources and build capacity:
  - Barcelona: Wood 35, Iron 20. Can build knight (30 wood, 30 iron - no, not enough iron). Can build archer (20 wood, 10 iron - yes, 1 archer). Can build spearman (15 wood, 0 iron - yes, 2 spearmen). Let's build 1 archer and 1 spearman? Or just archers/spearmen.
  - Tarragona: Wood 30, Iron 60. Can build knight (30 wood, 30 iron - 1 knight). Can build archer (20 wood, 10 iron - 1 archer). Can build spearman (15 wood, 0 iron - 2 spearmen).
  - Girona: Wood 30, Iron 60. Can build knight (1). Can build archer (1). Can build spearman (2).
  - Castellon: Wood 30, Iron 40. Can build knight (1). Can build archer (1). Can build spearman (2).
  - Huesca: Wood 0, Iron 0. Cannot build.
  - Valencia: Wood 0, Iron 0. Cannot build.

Let's look at the front line and potential attacks:
- Zaragoza has 3 knights, defense 8. It is connected to Tarragona, Huesca, Girona (via Huesca?), Madrid, Teruel, Pamplona.
  - March from Huesca: 1 fast turn (since knight is fast, wait, Huesca to Zaragoza is 1 fast turn? The report says "march from [20] Huesca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". This means 1 turn for fast troops, 1 for medium, 1 for slow? No, usually it's "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" meaning 1 turn for all, or different speeds. Let's assume 1 turn).
  - Tarragona has 7 spearman. If I send them, they are slow (takes maybe more turns? The report says "march from [20] Huesca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" but doesn't give Tarragona to Zaragoza. Let's look at the road network: Tarragona [21] is connected to [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [22] Barcelona. So Tarragona to Zaragoza is 1 step. Since spearman are slow, maybe 2 turns? Archer medium, knight fast. The report says "march from [20] Huesca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" which means 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast? No, "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means it takes 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast. Wait, if it's 1 step, it takes 1 turn for fast, maybe 2 for slow? Let's check the text: "march from [20] Huesca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". This usually means the travel time is 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast. But wait, if they have different speeds, how can they all be 1? Maybe the road is short. Let's look at Tarragona to Zaragoza. It's also 1 step. So 1 turn for fast, maybe 1 or 2 for slow.
  - Let's check the troops in Zaragoza: 3 knights. Defense 8.
  - If I attack Zaragoza from Huesca with the 2 troops there (1 spearman, 1 archer) -> attack 1+2=3? No, spearman attack 1, archer attack 2. Total attack 3. Defense 8. Loss.
  - If I send Tarragona's 7 spearman (attack 7) + Huesca's 1 spearman, 1 archer (attack 3) -> total attack 10. But they fight alone! "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
  - So I must send from one village, or they fight sequentially.
  - If I send from Tarragona: 7 spearman (attack 7). Zaragoza defense 8. Spearman vs knights: knights counter archers, spearman counters knights! So spearman counters knight. Having the counter multiplies the WHOLE army's force by 1.5. So 7 spearman * 1.5 = 10.5 effective attack vs defense 8. Victory!
  - Wait, Tarragona has 7 spearman. If I send all 7, they count 7 attack, but with counter 1.5 -> 10.5. Defense is 8. Win!
  - What about Huesca? If I send Huesca's troops (1 spearman, 1 archer) -> attack 3. Most numerous is spearman (1 vs 1, tie breaks spearman, archer, knight -> spearman is most numerous). Spearman vs knights -> counter! Attack 3 * 1.5 = 4.5 vs defense 8. Loss.
  - So I should send Tarragona's spearman to attack Zaragoza. But wait, Tarragona is connected to Zaragoza. Let's check the march distance. Tarragona [21] to Zaragoza [17] is 1 step. Since spearman are slow, maybe it takes 2 turns? Or 1 turn? The report says "march from [20] Huesca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". Huesca to Zaragoza is 1 step. Tarragona to Zaragoza is also 1 step. So it might take 1 slow turn, or 2. Let's assume it takes the number of turns specified. If it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns", it means 1 turn for all. Wait, "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast. So 1 turn.
  - Let's check Teruel: 4 archers, defense 10. Castellon has 2 spearman, 2 archer, 4 knight. If I send Castellon's troops: most numerous is knight (4). Knight vs archer -> knight counters archer! So 4 knight, 2 spearman, 2 archer. Attack: knight 4*4=16, spearman 2*1=2, archer 2*2=4. Total attack 22. With counter 1.5 -> 33 vs defense 10. Easy win.
  - Valencia has 1 spearman, 1 archer. Teruel is 1 step from Valencia. If I send Valencia's troops: attack 3 vs defense 10. Loss.
  - Murcia: 4 knights, defense 10. Valencia to Murcia is 1 step. Valencia troops: attack 3 vs defense 10. Loss.
  - Pamplona: 4 knights, defense 10. Huesca to Pamplona is 2 steps? "march from [20] Huesca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So 2 turns for slow, 1 for fast.

Let's look at my campaign plan from last turn:
"We launch a two-pronged attack: Girona's forces take Huesca, while Castellon's army assaults Valencia. We build spearman at Tarragona and Girona to replenish and prepare for the next push. Barcelona sends its spearman to Tarragona to reinforce for the attack on Zaragoza next turn. We also send Tarragona's archers and knights to Castellon to build up forces for the assault on Teruel. Our goal is to secure these four neutral villages, then expand west towards Madrid and the enemy capital."

Wait, the plan says Girona's forces take Huesca, Castellon's army assaults Valencia. But in the "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" section:
- You attacked [20] Huesca with 2 spearmen, 2 archers (effective force 9 vs its defense 8): VICTORY, conquered. You lost 2 troops; 2 troops stay there as its new garrison.
- You attacked [16] Valencia with 2 spearmen, 2 archers (effective force 9 vs its defense 8): VICTORY, conquered. You lost 2 troops; 2 troops stay there as its new garrison.
So Huesca and Valencia are already mine! The plan was executed.
Now, the next step is to attack Zaragoza, Teruel, Murcia, Pamplona.
My current troops:
- Barcelona: 2 knight. Can send to Tarragona or Castellon to reinforce.
- Tarragona: 7 spearman. Can attack Zaragoza.
- Girona: 4 spearman. Can send to Huesca or Barcelona.
- Castellon: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 4 knight. Can attack Teruel.
- Huesca: 1 spearman, 1 archer. Can attack Zaragoza or Pamplona.
- Valencia: 1 spearman, 1 archer. Can attack Teruel or Murcia.

Let's calculate the attacks:
1. Zaragoza: 3 knights, defense 8.
   - Attack from Tarragona: 7 spearman. Spearman counters knight. Attack = 7 * 1.5 = 10.5 > 8. Win. Loss: loser effective force = 8. Winner loses half of loser's effective force = 4. Spread over troop types. Loser is 3 knights. Winner is 7 spearman. Losses: 4 spearman? Wait, "The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types". Loser's effective force is 8 (defense 8, but wait, is it attack or defense? "The loser is destroyed entirely... The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force". For defender, effective force is defense? Or attack? "effective force" usually means the force used in combat. For defender, it's defense. So half of 8 is 4. Winner loses troops worth 4. Since winner only has spearman (cost 15 wood, but in terms of force, spearman has attack 1, defense 2. Wait, "worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types". How is "worth" calculated? By attack power? Or by cost? Usually by attack power or just count. If loser has 3 knights, effective force is 8 (defense). Half is 4. Winner loses 4 spearman? Or 4 attack worth? Let's assume 4 spearman. So Tarragona sends 7 spearman, wins, loses maybe 4, 3 remain in Zaragoza.
   - Attack from Huesca: 1 spearman, 1 archer. Attack 3, counter 1.5 -> 4.5 < 8. Loss. So don't send from Huesca alone.
   - What if I send from both Tarragona and Huesca? They fight sequentially. Tarragona goes first (or Huesca first). If Tarragona goes first, it wins and loses some troops, then Huesca goes and loses. Better to just send Tarragona.
   - Wait, can I send Tarragona's spearman to attack Zaragoza? Yes.
   - Can I send Girona's spearman to Tarragona to reinforce? Yes, Tarragona is connected to Girona via Barcelona? Road network: Girona [23] is connected to [20] Huesca and [22] Barcelona. Tarragona [21] is connected to [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [22] Barcelona. So Girona to Tarragona goes through Barcelona. March takes time.

2. Teruel: 4 archers, defense 10.
   - Attack from Castellon: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 4 knight. Most numerous: knight (4). Knight counters archer. Attack: 4*4 + 2*1 + 2*2 = 16+2+4 = 22. Counter 1.5 -> 33 > 10. Win.
   - Attack from Valencia: 1 spearman, 1 archer. Attack 3 < 10. Loss.
   - So send Castellon's troops to Teruel.

3. Murcia: 4 knights, defense 10.
   - Attack from Valencia: 1 spearman, 1 archer. Attack 3 < 10. Loss.
   - Can I send Castellon's troops to Valencia to reinforce, then to Murcia? That takes too many turns.
   - Maybe just leave Murcia for now.

4. Pamplona: 4 knights, defense 10.
   - Attack from Huesca: 1 spearman, 1 archer. Attack 3 < 10. Loss.
   - Can I send Girona's spearman to Huesca to reinforce? Girona [23] to Huesca [20] is 1 step. Girona has 4 spearman. If I send them to Huesca, Huesca will have 1+4=5 spearman, 1 archer. Then next turn, attack Pamplona. But Pamplona is 2 slow turns from Huesca.

Let's think about building:
- Tarragona: Wood 30, Iron 60. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Or 2 spearman (15 wood each). Let's build 1 knight to have some fast troops, or 2 spearman to replenish. Tarragona currently has 7 spearman. If I send them all, it will be empty. Building 2 spearman makes it 9 next turn.
- Girona: Wood 30, Iron 60. Can build 1 knight or 2 spearman. Girona has 4 spearman. Let's build 2 spearman.
- Castellon: Wood 30, Iron 40. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearman. Castellon has 2 spearman, 2 archer, 4 knight. If I send all to Teruel, it will be empty. Let's build 2 spearman to defend/reinforce.
- Barcelona: Wood 35, Iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearman (15 wood each). Barcelona has 2 knight. Let's build 1 archer or 2 spearman. Let's build 2 spearman to have some infantry.

Let's look at the movements:
- Tarragona: send 7 spearman to Zaragoza [17].
- Castellon: send 2 spearman, 2 archer, 4 knight to Teruel [13].
- Girona: send 4 spearman to Huesca [20] to reinforce.
- Barcelona: send 2 knight to Tarragona [21] to reinforce? Or to Castellon? Tarragona is closer to the front (Zaragoza). But Tarragona is sending all spearman. If I send knights to Tarragona, they can attack Zaragoza next turn? Zaragoza will be conquered this turn, so it will be mine. Then I can march from Zaragoza to Madrid or elsewhere. But knights are fast. Let's send Barcelona's 2 knight to Tarragona, then next turn from Tarragona to Zaragoza (if conquered) or directly to Zaragoza to help? Wait, if Zaragoza is conquered this turn, the garrison stays there. If I send knights to Tarragona, they arrive next turn, then can go to Zaragoza.
- Valencia: send 1 spearman, 1 archer to Teruel [13]? Or to Murcia [15]? Teruel is being attacked by Castellon. If Castellon wins, Teruel is mine. Valencia can send troops to Teruel to reinforce the garrison. Or send to Murcia to attack? Murcia has 4 knights, defense 10. Valencia troops (1 spearman, 1 archer) attack 3 < 10. Loss. So better to send Valencia troops to Teruel to reinforce after Castellon takes it. But they fight sequentially. If Castellon takes Teruel, the garrison is the surviving attackers. Then Valencia troops arrive and join the garrison. That's good.
- Huesca: send 1 spearman, 1 archer to Zaragoza [17]? Or to Pamplona [19]? Zaragoza is being attacked by Tarragona. If Tarragona wins, Zaragoza is mine. Huesca troops can go to Zaragoza to reinforce. Or go to Pamplona to attack? Pamplona defense 10, Huesca attack 3 < 10. Loss. So send Huesca troops to Zaragoza to reinforce.

Let's refine the movements:
- Tarragona -> Zaragoza: 7 spearman.
- Castellon -> Teruel: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 4 knight.
- Girona -> Huesca: 4 spearman.
- Barcelona -> Tarragona: 2 knight.
- Valencia -> Teruel: 1 spearman, 1 archer.
- Huesca -> Zaragoza: 1 spearman, 1 archer.

Wait, if Tarragona sends 7 spearman to Zaragoza, and Huesca sends 1 spearman, 1 archer to Zaragoza, they fight sequentially. Tarragona goes first, wins, loses some troops, Zaragoza becomes mine with the surviving Tarragona troops. Then Huesca troops arrive and fight the new garrison? No, "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." If Zaragoza is already conquered by Tarragona, it is now MY village. When Huesca troops arrive, do they fight the garrison? "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So if Zaragoza is conquered by Tarragona in the same turn, is it "already owned" when Huesca troops arrive? The orders are simultaneous, but combat happens sequentially? "each send fights alone, one at a time." If Tarragona's send conquers it, it becomes mine. Then Huesca's send arrives at a village I own, so they join the garrison. This is a good way to reinforce!
But wait, what if Tarragona's send fails? Then Huesca's send fights the neutral village. But Tarragona's send should win (10.5 vs 8).
What about Castellon -> Teruel and Valencia -> Teruel? Same thing. Castellon conquers Teruel, Valencia troops join the garrison.

Let's check the travel times:
- Tarragona to Zaragoza: 1 step. Spearman are slow. How many turns? The report says "march from [20] Huesca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Zaragoza. Tarragona to Zaragoza is also 1 step. So 1 slow turn? Or 2? If it's 1 slow turn, they arrive this turn. Wait, "march from [20] Huesca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means it takes 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast. So 1 turn. But wait, if it takes 1 turn, they arrive next turn? No, "march from [20] Huesca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means the march takes 1 turn for slow troops, 1 for medium, 1 for fast. So they arrive next turn. But the report says "march from [20] Huesca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". This means the travel time is 1 turn. So if I order them now, they arrive next turn (Turn 9).
Wait, if they arrive next turn, the combat happens on Turn 9. But the report says "The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival." So I need to consider if the defense will change. Neutral villages harden every 5 turns. Turn 8 is not a multiple of 5, so no hardening.

Let's double check the march times.
"march from [20] Huesca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
"march from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
"march from [20] Huesca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" (for Pamplona)
So for 1-step marches, it's 1 turn for all speeds? That seems odd. Usually slow troops take longer. But the text explicitly says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So I will trust the text: 1 turn for all.
Wait, if it's 1 turn, then the troops arrive next turn. So the attack happens next turn.
But the "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" says:
- You attacked [20] Huesca with 2 spearmen, 2 archers (effective force 9 vs its defense 8): VICTORY, conquered.
- You attacked [16] Valencia with 2 spearmen, 2 archers (effective force 9 vs its defense 8): VICTORY, conquered.
This means the attack was ordered last turn and happened this turn? Or ordered this turn and happened immediately? "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now. Nothing you order this turn is visible to them before it happens."
So orders written now happen this turn? Or next turn? "Marching takes turns, and during those turns the enemy keeps building and moving." So if I order a march of 1 turn, it happens next turn. But the "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" says "You attacked [20] Huesca... VICTORY, conquered." This means the attack was completed last turn. So the order was given last turn, and the march took some turns, and the combat happened last turn.
Wait, if the march takes 1 turn, and I order it on Turn 8, it arrives on Turn 9. But the report is for Turn 8. "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" refers to Turn 7? No, "These numbers are from TURN 8." "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" means Turn 7's orders resulted in Turn 8's events.
So if I order a march of 1 turn on Turn 8, it will arrive and fight on Turn 9.
But wait, the report says "march from [20] Huesca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". This is the travel time. If it's 1 turn, they arrive next turn.
Let's assume the combat happens on arrival.

Let's plan the builds:
- Tarragona: build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood, 0 iron). Tarragona has 30 wood, 60 iron. After build: 0 wood, 60 iron. Troops: 7 + 2 = 9 spearman.
- Girona: build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood, 0 iron). Girona has 30 wood, 60 iron. After build: 0 wood, 60 iron. Troops: 4 + 2 = 6 spearman.
- Castellon: build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood, 0 iron). Castellon has 30 wood, 40 iron. After build: 0 wood, 40 iron. Troops: 2 + 2 = 4 spearman, 2 archer, 4 knight.
- Barcelona: build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood, 0 iron). Barcelona has 35 wood, 20 iron. After build: 5 wood, 20 iron. Troops: 2 knight + 2 spearman.
- Huesca: 0 wood, 0 iron. Cannot build.
- Valencia: 0 wood, 0 iron. Cannot build.

Wait, Tarragona has 7 spearman. If I build 2, it has 9. But I want to send 7 to Zaragoza. So it will have 2 left. That's fine.
Girona has 4 spearman. I send 4 to Huesca. It will have 0 left, but I build 2, so it has 2 next turn? No, build happens this turn, send happens this turn. "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS". So the build and send are both ordered now. The build will complete and the send will start. So Girona will have 4 + 2 = 6 spearman, send 4, leaving 2.
Castellon has 2 spearman, 2 archer, 4 knight. I send all of them to Teruel. So Castellon will be empty. But I build 2 spearman, so it will have 2 spearman next turn.
Barcelona has 2 knight. I send them to Tarragona. I build 2 spearman, so Barcelona will have 2 spearman next turn.

Let's check if I can build knights.
Tarragona: 30 wood, 60 iron. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Can build 1 knight. But spearman are more useful for counting as most numerous? If I send 7 spearman, they are all spearman, so most numerous is spearman. If I build a knight and send it with spearman, the most numerous might still be spearman (7 vs 1). But knight is fast and has higher attack. However, knight doesn't counter itself. Spearman counters knight. If I have 7 spearman and 1 knight, most numerous is spearman, so counter is spearman vs knight (if enemy is knights). Zaragoza has 3 knights. So spearman counters knight. The 1 knight would just add 4 attack. But if I send only knights, they don't counter themselves (knight vs knight is neutral). So spearman are better for attacking knights.
So building spearman is good.

Let's review the enemy: "ENEMY (only what your watchmen can see): - none sighted". So no enemy armies are marching towards me.

Let's write the plan and statement.
Plan: "We launch a two-pronged attack: Tarragona's spearman assault Zaragoza, while Castellon's mixed force takes Teruel. Girona's spearman reinforce Huesca, and Valencia's troops reinforce Teruel after its capture. Barcelona's knights march to Tarragona for a rapid response force. We build spearman across all capable villages to replenish our ranks and prepare for the push into Madrid and the unexplored west."
Statement: "Our forces move on all fronts! Tarragona's spearman horde strikes at Zaragoza, while Castellon's mighty army assaults Teruel. Girona and Valencia send reinforcements to secure our new lands. We build spearman everywhere to keep the pressure on our enemies. The conquest of Spain continues!"

Let's double check the JSON format.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 21, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 7}},
    {"fromId": 18, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 2, "knight": 4}},
    {"fromId": 23, "toId": 20, "troops": {"spearman": 4}},
    {"fromId": 22, "toId": 21, "troops": {"knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 16, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 1}},
    {"fromId": 20, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 1}}
  ],
  "plan": "...",
  "statement": "..."
}

Wait, Tarragona has 7 spearman. If I build 2, it has 9. I send 7. That's fine.
Castellon has 2 spearman, 2 archer, 4 knight. I send all 8. That's fine.
Girona has 4 spearman. I send 4. That's fine.
Barcelona has 2 knight. I send 2. That's fine.
Valencia has 1 spearman, 1 archer. I send both. That's fine.
Huesca has 1 spearman, 1 archer. I send both. That's fine.

Let's check if sending Huesca's troops to Zaragoza is a good idea. If Tarragona's 7 spearman win, they lose some troops. Say they lose 4 spearman, leaving 3 in Zaragoza. Then Huesca's 1 spearman, 1 archer arrive and join the garrison. So Zaragoza will have 3 spearman + 1 spearman + 1 archer = 4 spearman, 1 archer. That's a good garrison.
If Tarragona's troops lose (unlikely), Huesca's troops fight alone. But Tarragona has 10.5 attack vs 8 defense, so it should win.

What about Valencia to Teruel? Castellon's troops (22 attack * 1.5 = 33 vs 10 defense) win easily. They lose half of 10 = 5 troops. Say they lose 2 knights, 2 archers, 1 spearman. Surviving: 1 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight? Then Valencia's 1 spearman, 1 archer arrive and join. So Teruel has 2 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. Good garrison.

What about Girona to Huesca? Huesca is already mine. Sending 4 spearman reinforces it. Huesca will have 1 spearman, 1 archer + 4 spearman = 5 spearman, 1 archer. Good for attacking Pamplona next turn or defending.

What about Barcelona to Tarragona? Tarragona will have 2 knight arriving. Next turn, Tarragona has 2 knight (from Barcelona) + 2 spearman (built) = 2 knight, 2 spearman. They can march to Zaragoza (which is now mine) to reinforce it, or attack Madrid if Zaragoza is connected to Madrid. Road network: Zaragoza [17] is connected to [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona. So from Zaragoza, I can attack Madrid! Madrid is unexplored, but I can see it on the road network. If I take Zaragoza, I can see Madrid's garrison? "You see: your own villages, every village directly connected to one of yours by road". So if Zaragoza is mine, I can see Madrid (since it's connected to Zaragoza). That's great!

So the plan is solid.

Let's refine the JSON.
"build": [
  {"villageId": 21, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 23, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 18, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 22, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
]
Wait, Barcelona has 35 wood. 2 spearman cost 30 wood. Leaves 5 wood. Can I build 1 archer? 20 wood, 10 iron. Yes, I have 20 iron. So I can build 1 archer and 1 spearman? 15 wood + 20 wood = 35 wood. 0 iron + 10 iron = 10 iron. That uses all wood and some iron. Let's do that to maximize production.
Barcelona build: 1 spearman, 1 archer.
Tarragona build: 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron). Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Tarragona has 60 iron. Building 1 knight is fine, but spearman are more numerous and counter knights. Let's stick to 2 spearman.
Girona build: 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron).
Castellon build: 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron).

Let's check Castellon's iron: 40. If I build 2 spearman, iron stays 40. Wood becomes 0.
Tarragona's iron: 60. Wood becomes 0.
Girona's iron: 60. Wood becomes 0.
Barcelona's wood: 35 -> 0 (1 spearman 15, 1 archer 20). Iron: 20 -> 10 (archer costs 10).

Let's update the build list:
[
  {"villageId": 21, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 23, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 18, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 22, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 22, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}
]

Movements:
[
  {"fromId": 21, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 7}},
  {"fromId": 18, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 2, "knight": 4}},
  {"fromId": 23, "toId": 20, "troops": {"spearman": 4}},
  {"fromId": 22, "toId": 21, "troops": {"knight": 2}},
  {"fromId": 16, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 1}},
  {"fromId": 20, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 1}}
]

Wait, Barcelona has 2 knight. I send them to Tarragona. Tarragona is connected to Barcelona. So they arrive next turn.
Is there any risk of them fighting on the road? "Your own armies never fight each other: they pass freely." So no risk.

Let's check the plan text length. "plan": "We launch a two-pronged attack: Tarragona's spearman assault Zaragoza, while Castellon's mixed force takes Teruel. Girona's spearman reinforce Huesca, and Valencia's troops reinforce Teruel after its capture. Barcelona's knights march to Tarragona for a rapid response force. We build spearman across all capable villages to replenish our ranks and prepare for the push into Madrid and the unexplored west."
This is under 600 characters.

Statement: "Our forces move on all fronts! Tarragona's spearman horde strikes at Zaragoza, while Castellon's mighty army assaults Teruel. Girona and Valencia send reinforcements to secure our new lands. We build spearman everywhere to keep the pressure on our enemies. The conquest of Spain continues!"
This is 2-4 lines.

Let's double check the village IDs:
Barcelona: 22
Tarragona: 21
Girona: 23
Castellon: 18
Huesca: 20
Valencia: 16
Zaragoza: 17
Teruel: 13
Murcia: 15
Pamplona: 19

All IDs are correct.

Let's verify the troop counts:
Tarragona: 7 spearman available. Send 7.
Castellon: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 4 knight available. Send all.
Girona: 4 spearman available. Send 4.
Barcelona: 2 knight available. Send 2.
Valencia: 1 spearman, 1 archer available. Send both.
Huesca: 1 spearman, 1 archer available. Send both.

Everything matches.

One final check on the combat rules:
"The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
For Tarragona's 7 spearman: only spearman. Most numerous is spearman. Enemy is 3 knights. Spearman counters knight. Multiplier 1.5. Attack 7 * 1.5 = 10.5. Defense 8. Win.
For Castellon's 2 spearman, 2 archer, 4 knight: most numerous is knight (4). Enemy is 4 archers. Knight counters archer. Multiplier 1.5. Attack: 4*4 + 2*1 + 2*2 = 22. 22 * 1.5 = 33. Defense 10. Win.
For Huesca's 1 spearman, 1 archer: tie, breaks spearman. Most numerous spearman. Enemy 3 knights. Spearman counters knight. Multiplier 1.5. Attack: 1*1 + 1*2 = 3. 3 * 1.5 = 4.5. Defense 8. Loss if alone, but Tarragona goes first and wins, so Huesca joins garrison.
For Valencia's 1 spearman, 1 archer: tie, breaks spearman. Enemy 4 archers. Spearman counters knight, not archer. Archer counters spearman. So spearman vs archer is neutral? Wait, "spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer." So spearman does NOT counter archer. Archer counters spearman. But the most numerous in Valencia's army is spearman (tie break). So the matchup is spearman vs archers. Since spearman does not counter archer, and archer counters spearman, does the defender get the counter? "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5". The attacker gets the counter if their most numerous type counters the defender's most numerous type. The defender gets the counter if their most numerous type counters the attacker's most numerous type. So if attacker's most numerous is spearman, and defender's most numerous is archer, the defender has the counter (archer counters spearman). So the defender gets 1.5 multiplier on defense! That would make Teruel's defense 10 * 1.5 = 15. But Castellon's army is going first, and it has knight as most numerous (4). Knight counters archer. So attacker gets the counter. Castellon's attack is 33. If Valencia's army goes second, the defender (now the new garrison of Teruel, which is Castellon's survivors) has some troops. But wait, Valencia's troops are attacking a village I already own! "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So they do NOT fight! They just join the garrison. So no combat for Valencia's troops if Teruel is already conquered by Castellon in the same turn. The sequential combat only applies to attacking neutral/enemy villages. If the first send conquers it, the second send just joins. This is a crucial rule! "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This implies they fight the village. But if the village is conquered by the first send, it is no longer neutral. The second send arrives at a village I own, so they join. This is the optimal strategy.

So the plan is perfect.

Let's output the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"arqueiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":21,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":7}},{"origemId":18,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":4}},{"origemId":23,"destinoId":20,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4}},{"origemId":22,"destinoId":21,"tropas":{"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":16,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":1}},{"origemId":20,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":1}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [22]
ACEITO envio [21]->[17]: 7S (alvo neutra cavaleiro)
ACEITO envio [18]->[13]: 2S+2A+4K (alvo neutra arqueiro)
ACEITO envio [23]->[20]: 4S
ACEITO envio [22]->[21]: 2K
ACEITO envio [16]->[13]: 1S+1A (alvo neutra arqueiro)
ACEITO envio [20]->[17]: 1S+1A (alvo neutra cavaleiro)
plano (volta no proximo prompt): We launch a two-pronged attack: Tarragona's spearman assault Zaragoza, while Castellon's mixed force takes Teruel. Girona's spearman reinforce Huesca, and Valencia's troops reinforce Teruel after its capture. Barcelona's knights march to Tarragona for a rapid response force. We build spearman across all capable villages to replenish our ranks and prepare for the push into Madrid and the unexplored west.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): Our forces move on all fronts! Tarragona's spearman horde strikes at Zaragoza, while Castellon's mighty army assaults Teruel. Girona and Valencia send reinforcements to secure our new lands. We build spearman everywhere to keep the pressure on our enemies. The conquest of Spain continues!
COMBATE [20] Huesca: atacante B Fatk=6 (ef 9) Fdef=6 (ef 8) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~3
COMBATE [16] Valencia: atacante B Fatk=6 (ef 9) Fdef=6 (ef 8) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~3
REFORCO [21] Tarragona dono B: 3S
REFORCO [18] Castellon dono B: 2A+2K
COMBATE [7] Salamanca: atacante A Fatk=8 (ef 12) Fdef=8 (ef 10) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~3
REFORCO [4] Badajoz dono A: 2K
REFORCO [4] Badajoz dono A: 4S
REFORCO [6] Porto dono A: 2S
placar: A 8 ald/tropas 14 | B 6 ald/tropas 0 | neutras 10 | transito 14 (A 8 | B 6)

########## TURNO 9 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3023 | resposta 20825 | raciocinio 20825 | finish content_filter | ms 321713
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: We are King A. We have 11 villages. We need to hold 18 of 24 for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. Currently 11/24. The enemy capital is Barcelona, but taking it is not required.

Let's analyze the current state.
Turn 9.
Our villages:
0: Lisboa (capital) - 3/300 troops (2 spear, 0 arch, 1 knight). Def 9.
1: Santarem - 6/300 (6 spear, 0 arch, 0 knight). Def 15.
2: Evora - 2/300 (2 spear). Def 5.
3: Coimbra - 2/300 (2 spear). Def 5.
4: Badajoz - 13/300 (12 spear, 0 arch, 1 knight). Def 33.
5: Faro - 11/300 (6 spear, 3 arch, 2 knight). Def 28.
6: Porto - 6/300 (4 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight). Def 15.
7: Salamanca - 0/300. Def 0.
8: Toledo - 1/300 (0 spear, 0 arch, 1 knight). Def 3.
10: Vigo - 7/300 (7 spear). Def 18.
9: Sevilha - 4/300 (4 spear). Def 10.

Total troops at home: 55 (45 spear, 4 arch, 6 knight).

Neutral villages we can see:
11: Cordoba - 4 spearmen, def 10.
12: Madrid - 4 archers, def 10.
13: Teruel - 4 archers, def 10.
14: Burgos - 4 spearmen, def 10.

Unexplored: 15 Murcia, 16 Valencia, 17 Zaragoza, 18 Castellon, 19 Pamplona, 20 Huesca, 21 Tarragona, 22 Barcelona (enemy capital), 23 Girona.

Enemy army marching toward [13] Teruel, arrives in 1 turn. (This is King B's army, which was defeated last turn attacking Teruel? Wait, "King B attacked [13] Teruel: DEFEAT". So enemy army is retreating or moving? "enemy army marching toward [13] Teruel, arrives in 1 turn". It might be a reinforcement or a different army).

Road network:
Our villages are mostly in the west. Neutral villages are in the center/east.
We need to expand east to get more villages. We need 18 to win. We have 11. We need 7 more.
The neutral villages are 11, 12, 13, 14. That's 4. If we take them, we have 15. Then we need 3 more from the unexplored area (15-23). There are 9 unexplored villages. Some might be enemy, some neutral. Barcelona is enemy capital.

Let's look at our available troops and resources.
We need to build troops. Resources per village: 30 wood, 20 iron.
Total resources: 11 villages * 30 wood = 330 wood, 11 * 20 iron = 220 iron.
But resources are per village. Let's check each village's wood/iron.
0: Lisboa - wood 30, iron 90. Can build: spear (15w, 0i), archer (20w, 10i), knight (30w, 30i). With 90 iron, can build 3 knights (90i) but only 30 wood. Or 1 knight (30w, 30i) and some archers. Actually, wood is 30, so can build 1 knight (30w, 30i) or 2 archers (40w, 20i) but only 30 wood. So 1 knight or 1 archer (20w, 10i) + 1 spear (15w, 0i) = 35 wood (too much). So 1 knight, or 1 archer + 0 spear, or 2 spears (30w). Let's maximize use of iron. 90 iron, 30 wood. Knight costs 30w, 30i. Can build 1 knight (uses 30w, 30i). Remaining 60 iron cannot be used because wood is 0. Archer costs 20w, 10i. Can build 1 archer (20w, 10i) and 1 spear (15w, 0i) but that's 35 wood. So 1 archer (20w, 10i) leaves 10 wood, 80 iron. Can't build spear (15w). So best is 1 knight (30w, 30i) or 1 archer (20w, 10i) + 0 spear, or 2 spears (30w, 0i). Actually, 2 spears cost 30 wood, 0 iron. Leaves 90 iron unused. 1 knight leaves 60 iron unused. 1 archer leaves 10 wood, 80 iron. We can build 1 knight and have 0 wood, 60 iron. Or 1 archer and 1 spear? 20+15=35 wood > 30. So no. Let's just build what we can. But we need to plan for the next turns. We can build 1 knight at Lisboa.

Let's check other villages:
1: Santarem - wood 30, iron 110. Can build 1 knight (30w, 30i) leaves 80 iron. Or 3 archers (60w, 30i) but only 30 wood. So 1 knight, or 1 archer (20w, 10i) + 1 spear (15w, 0i) = 35 wood > 30. So 1 knight, or 1 archer + 0 spear, or 2 spears. Best: 1 knight (30w, 30i) leaves 80 iron. Or 1 archer (20w, 10i) leaves 10 wood, 100 iron. Or 2 spears (30w) leaves 110 iron. Since we have many spears already, maybe build knights or archers. But iron is high, we can build knights. But wood is limited. We can only build 1 knight per village per turn (since wood is 30). Actually, knight costs 30 wood, so only 1 knight per village if wood is 30. Archer costs 20 wood, so 1 archer + 1 spear? No, 20+15=35 > 30. So 1 archer or 2 spears. Spear costs 15 wood, so 2 spears = 30 wood. So each village can build at most 2 spears, or 1 archer, or 1 knight.

Let's list all villages' resources and what they can build:
0: Lisboa - w30, i90. Can build: 1 knight (30w,30i), or 1 archer (20w,10i), or 2 spears (30w,0i). Best: 1 knight (uses iron, makes knight).
1: Santarem - w30, i110. Can build: 1 knight, or 1 archer, or 2 spears. Best: 1 knight.
2: Evora - w30, i110. Can build: 1 knight, or 1 archer, or 2 spears. Best: 1 knight.
3: Coimbra - w30, i80. Can build: 1 knight, or 1 archer, or 2 spears. Best: 1 knight.
4: Badajoz - w30, i60. Can build: 1 knight, or 1 archer, or 2 spears. Best: 1 knight.
5: Faro - w30, i80. Can build: 1 knight, or 1 archer, or 2 spears. Best: 1 knight.
6: Porto - w30, i60. Can build: 1 knight, or 1 archer, or 2 spears. Best: 1 knight.
7: Salamanca - w30, i20. Can build: 1 archer (20w,10i), or 2 spears (30w,0i). Best: 2 spears (since we need troops, and we have 0 troops there).
8: Toledo - w0, i0. Cannot build anything! Wood 0, iron 0. So Toledo is useless for building. It has 1 knight at home.
9: Sevilha - w0, i0. Cannot build. Has 4 spears.
10: Vigo - w0, i0. Cannot build. Has 7 spears.

So the rear villages (Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, Coimbra) have wood and iron and can build knights or archers. The front villages (Badajoz, Faro, Porto, Salamanca) have some resources but Salamanca only 20 iron. Toledo, Sevilha, Vigo have 0 resources (they were just conquered? Actually they are interior but have 0 wood/iron? That's odd. Maybe they were damaged? The report says "wood 0 (+30/turn) | iron 0 (+20/turn)" so they produce 30 wood and 20 iron per turn, but currently have 0 stock? Wait, "wood 0 (+30/turn)" means current stock is 0, but they produce 30 per turn. So next turn they will have 30 wood, 20 iron. So they can build next turn. But this turn they have 0. So we cannot build there this turn.

So we can build at villages with current stock > 0.
List of villages with stock > 0:
0: Lisboa (30w, 90i)
1: Santarem (30w, 110i)
2: Evora (30w, 110i)
3: Coimbra (30w, 80i)
4: Badajoz (30w, 60i)
5: Faro (30w, 80i)
6: Porto (30w, 60i)
7: Salamanca (30w, 20i)

Total wood: 7 * 30 = 210. Total iron: 90+110+110+80+60+80+60+20 = 600? Wait, 7 villages: Lisboa 90, Santarem 110, Evora 110, Coimbra 80, Badajoz 60, Faro 80, Porto 60, Salamanca 20. Sum = 90+110=200, +110=310, +80=390, +60=450, +80=530, +60=590, +20=610. So 610 iron.

We need to decide what to build. We have 45 spears, 4 archers, 6 knights at home. We need to conquer more villages. The neutral villages have 4 troops each, def 10. We can attack them with our troops.

Let's check the march distances.
From our villages to neutrals:
To Cordoba (11): from Toledo (8) - 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn. So 1 turn for knights, 1 turn for archers, 1 turn for spears? Wait, "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means it takes 1 turn for slow (spear), 1 turn for medium (archer), 1 turn for fast (knight)? Actually, it says "march from [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means the distance is such that a slow army takes 1 turn, medium takes 1 turn, fast takes 1 turn. So all take 1 turn. So it's adjacent.
To Madrid (12): from Salamanca (7) - 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns. Adjacent.
To Teruel (13): from Toledo (8) - 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns. Adjacent.
To Burgos (14): from Vigo (10) - 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns. Adjacent.

So all these neutrals are 1 turn away from our frontier villages.

We need to plan our attacks. We can send troops from multiple villages to the same target, but they fight alone. So we need to send enough troops to defeat the garrison.
Garrison: 4 spears (Cordoba, Burgos) or 4 archers (Madrid, Teruel). Effective defense 10.
We need to calculate the effective force of our attacking troops.
Combat rules:
Attack: spear 1, archer 2, knight 4.
Defense: spear 2, archer 2, knight 2. But defending in a village: defense counts x1.25. The effective defense in the report already includes location bonus. So for these neutrals, effective defense is 10. That means the defender's force is 10.
Wait, the report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 10". So the defender's force is 10. We need to beat that.
When we attack, our troops count their ATTACK. The defender counts their DEFENSE (with bonus). The side with higher effective force wins. Tie favors defender.
So we need our attack force > 10 to win. If we send only spears (attack 1), we need >10 spears, so at least 11 spears. If we send archers (attack 2), we need >10, so at least 6 archers (6*2=12). If we send knights (attack 4), we need >10, so at least 3 knights (3*4=12). But we also have to consider the counter triangle.
Counter triangle: spearman counters knight (multiplies force by 1.5); archer counters spearman; knight counters archer.
The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup. Ties break in order spearman, archer, knight.
So if we send a mixed army, the most numerous type determines the counter. If we send mostly spears, and the defender has mostly archers? Wait, the defender's type is fixed: Cordoba has 4 spears, Madrid has 4 archers, etc. The counter applies to the ATTACKER? "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
So the attacker gets the counter bonus if their most numerous type counters the defender's most numerous type. The defender's type is their garrison. So if we attack Cordoba (4 spears) with mostly archers, archers counter spears, so our force is multiplied by 1.5. If we attack Madrid (4 archers) with mostly knights, knights counter archers, so 1.5x. If we attack Teruel (4 archers) with knights, 1.5x. If we attack Burgos (4 spears) with archers, 1.5x.
If we don't have the counter, our force is just the sum of attacks.
Also, the defender's effective defense is 10. That 10 already includes the location bonus (village: 1.25x). So the raw defense of 4 spears is 4*2 = 8. With 1.25 bonus, 8*1.25 = 10. So the effective defense is 10. We need our attack force (with counter if applicable) to be > 10.
If we have the counter, our attack force is multiplied by 1.5. So we need (sum of attacks) * 1.5 > 10 => sum of attacks > 6.67. So 7 attack power before counter. For example, 4 spears (4) + 3 archers (6) = 10, but most numerous is spear (4) vs archer (3)? Actually, if we send 4 spears and 3 archers, most numerous is spear. Against Cordoba (spears), spear does not counter spear. So no bonus. So we need to design the army to have the counter.
If we send mostly archers to Cordoba (spears), archers counter spears. So we need sum of attacks * 1.5 > 10. If we send 5 archers, attack = 10, *1.5 = 15 > 10. Win. If we send 4 archers, attack = 8, *1.5 = 12 > 10. Win. So 4 archers can take Cordoba with counter.
If we send knights to Madrid (archers), knights counter archers. 3 knights attack = 12, *1.5 = 18 > 10. 2 knights attack = 8, *1.5 = 12 > 10. So 2 knights can take Madrid.
If we send spears to Teruel (archers), spears do not counter archers (archers counter spears). So no bonus. We need sum of attacks > 10. 11 spears (11) > 10. Or mix with knights? If we send mostly knights, knights counter archers. So we can use knights.
So we should use the counter to minimize losses.

We have available troops:
From Lisboa (0): 2 spear, 0 arch, 1 knight. (Attack if all sent: 2*1 + 1*4 = 6)
From Santarem (1): 6 spear, 0 arch, 0 knight. (6)
From Evora (2): 2 spear. (2)
From Coimbra (3): 2 spear. (2)
From Badajoz (4): 12 spear, 0 arch, 1 knight. (12*1 + 4 = 16)
From Faro (5): 6 spear, 3 arch, 2 knight. (6*1 + 3*2 + 2*4 = 6+6+8=20)
From Porto (6): 4 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight. (4+2+4=10)
From Salamanca (7): 0.
From Toledo (8): 0 spear, 0 arch, 1 knight. (4)
From Vigo (10): 7 spear. (7)
From Sevilha (9): 4 spear. (4)

Total available to send: 45 spear, 4 arch, 6 knight. But we can only send from villages that have them. We can send multiple villages to the same target, but they fight separately. So we need to allocate forces to each target.

We have 4 neutral targets: 11 Cordoba (4 spears), 12 Madrid (4 archers), 13 Teruel (4 archers), 14 Burgos (4 spears).
We also have unexplored areas that might be enemy or neutral. But we can only see these 4. The enemy capital is Barcelona, but we don't know its garrison. We need to expand east.

Let's plan attacks for this turn. We can send armies from our villages. They will take 1 turn to arrive (since all these neutrals are 1 turn away). So they will arrive next turn and fight. We need to decide what to send where.

We should aim to conquer these 4 neutrals to increase our village count to 15. Then we need 3 more from the unexplored area. But we also need to hold them for 2 consecutive turns to get the 75% win condition? Actually, the win condition is: "hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village." So we need to hold 18 for 2 turns. Currently 11. If we take 4 neutrals, we have 15. Still not 18. We need to take more. The unexplored villages: 15 Murcia, 16 Valencia, 17 Zaragoza, 18 Castellon, 19 Pamplona, 20 Huesca, 21 Tarragona, 22 Barcelona, 23 Girona. That's 9 villages. Some are enemy, some neutral. If we can take 3 of them, we reach 18. But we don't know their strength. We need to explore.

Also, the enemy is moving. "enemy army marching toward [13] Teruel, arrives in 1 turn". That means next turn, an enemy army will be at Teruel? Or it will attack Teruel? Teruel is neutral. The enemy army is marching toward it. If it arrives, it might conquer it? Or it might just be there. If the enemy takes Teruel, it becomes an enemy village. That would be bad for us. We might want to attack Teruel ourselves before the enemy gets there. But our army would take 1 turn to arrive, same as the enemy? The enemy arrives in 1 turn. So if we send troops to Teruel, they will arrive next turn and fight the neutral garrison. But the enemy army is also arriving at Teruel next turn. What happens? "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." So the enemy's order is to march to Teruel. Our order to attack Teruel will also be executed. Next turn, both our army and the enemy army arrive at Teruel? But Teruel is neutral. The rules: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So if we send troops to Teruel, they will stop at Teruel and fight the garrison. The enemy army is also marching toward Teruel. If they both arrive, they might fight each other? "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there... Armies on different roads never meet." If they are on the same road, they might meet. But Teruel is a village. If both arrive at the same village, what happens? The rules don't specify clearly. Probably the attackers fight the garrison first? Or they fight each other? "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if we send from multiple villages to Teruel, they fight separately. But what about enemy troops arriving? They would also fight the garrison. The order of battles might be: all attacking armies (ours and enemy's) fight the garrison? Or they fight each other? The rules say: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So if we attack a neutral village, we fight the garrison. If an enemy also attacks the same neutral village, they also fight the garrison. But do they fight each other? The rules don't mention co-op attacks. Likely, each attacking army fights the garrison independently. If the garrison is defeated, the first attacker to defeat it might take control? Or if multiple attackers defeat it, who gets it? This is ambiguous. But since the enemy is moving there, we might want to prevent the enemy from taking it. If we both attack, the stronger one might take it. But we need to be careful.

Let's look at the enemy army: "enemy army marching toward [13] Teruel, arrives in 1 turn". We don't know its composition. Last turn, King B attacked Teruel and was defeated. So the enemy army might be a retreating force or a new one. It says "arrives in 1 turn", so it's not there yet. If we attack Teruel with enough force to take it, we might take it before the enemy? But simultaneous. If we both arrive, the garrison might be destroyed by one of us, and then the other might fight the winner? Or the garrison fights both? This is a risk.

Alternatively, we could attack other neutrals first, and let the enemy take Teruel? But if the enemy takes Teruel, it becomes an enemy village, which is harder to take later. We want to expand.

Let's check the road to Teruel. Teruel is connected to [8] Toledo, [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon. Our Toledo is connected to Teruel. The enemy army is marching toward Teruel. From where? We don't know. It could be from Valencia or Zaragoza. If it's from the east, it might be a strong force.

We need to decide our moves. We have 4 neutral villages we can see. We should try to take them. We have 11 villages, we need 7 more. Taking these 4 gives 15. Then we need to push into the unexplored east to get 3 more. But we also need to hold 18 for 2 turns. So we need to consolidate.

Let's plan the attacks:
We need to assign troops to each neutral.
We have 4 targets. We can attack all 4 this turn, since they are all 1 turn away.
We need to allocate troops from our villages.
We have many spears, some archers, some knights.
To minimize losses, we should use the counter.
Cordoba (11): 4 spears. Counter: archers. We need archers. We have 4 archers total at home (3 in Faro, 1 in Porto). We can send them to Cordoba? But Cordoba is reachable from Toledo (8) or Sevilha (9). Toledo has 1 knight, Sevilha has 4 spears. We can send archers from Faro or Porto to Cordoba? But they would have to march. Faro is connected to [2] Evora, [4] Badajoz, [9] Sevilha. To get to Cordoba, they'd need to go through Sevilha or Badajoz to Toledo? The road network: Faro -> Badajoz -> Toledo -> Cordoba? Let's check: Faro [5] connects to [4] Badajoz and [9] Sevilha. Badajoz connects to [8] Toledo. Toledo connects to [11] Cordoba. So from Faro to Cordoba: Faro -> Badajoz -> Toledo -> Cordoba. That's 3 edges. Travel time: from Faro to Badajoz (1 turn?), Badajoz to Toledo (1 turn?), Toledo to Cordoba (1 turn?). So 3 turns? But the report says "march from [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So from Toledo to Cordoba is 1 turn. From Faro to Toledo: Faro to Badajoz is 1 turn? Let's check distances. The report gives march distances from our nearest village. For Cordoba, it says "march from [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So Toledo is 1 turn away. For Madrid, "march from [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So Salamanca is 1 turn away. For Teruel, "march from [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". For Burgos, "march from [10] Vigo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".
So we can only attack these neutrals from the specific frontier villages that are 1 turn away. We cannot send troops from Faro to Cordoba in 1 turn; they would take multiple turns. So we must use the troops that are already in the frontier villages, or send troops from rear villages to the frontier villages first, then next turn attack. But we can also send troops directly from a rear village to a neutral if the path is clear? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So if we send from Faro to Cordoba, they would stop at Badajoz (if it's ours? Badajoz is ours) or Sevilha (ours) or Toledo (ours). They would stop at the first non ours village. Since all intermediate are ours, they would march through them? Actually, "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So if we send from Faro to Toledo, they will march and join Toledo. They won't stop at Badajoz because Badajoz is ours. So they can pass through our villages. So we can send from Faro to Toledo, and they will take the travel time. How long? Faro to Badajoz: 1 turn? Badajoz to Toledo: 1 turn? So 2 turns. So they would arrive at Toledo next turn? Or in 2 turns? The report doesn't give travel times between our villages. But we can estimate: since Toledo to Cordoba is 1 turn, and Faro to Badajoz is probably 1 turn, Badajoz to Toledo is probably 1 turn. So Faro to Toledo is 2 turns. So if we send from Faro today, they arrive at Toledo in 2 turns. Then from Toledo to Cordoba is another turn, so 3 turns total. That's too slow. We need to attack now, this turn, to arrive next turn. So we should use troops that are already in the frontier villages (Toledo, Salamanca, Vigo, Sevilha) to attack the neutrals. Or we can send troops from nearby villages that are 1 turn away. For example, Badajoz to Toledo is 1 turn? If Badajoz to Toledo is 1 turn, we could send from Badajoz to Toledo to reinforce Toledo, and then next turn from Toledo to Cordoba. But that's two turns. To attack Cordoba next turn, we need to send from Toledo this turn. So we must use Toledo's own troops or troops that are already in Toledo. Toledo has 1 knight. That's not enough to take Cordoba (needs >10 attack or with counter). We could send troops from Badajoz to Toledo this turn, but they would arrive at Toledo next turn, and then next turn they could attack Cordoba? No, if we send from Badajoz to Toledo this turn, they arrive next turn. Then from Toledo to Cordoba would be another turn (the turn after next). So they would attack Cordoba on turn 11. But we want to attack now. Alternatively, we can send troops from Badajoz directly to Cordoba? The path: Badajoz -> Toledo -> Cordoba. If we send from Badajoz to Cordoba, they will march to Toledo (our village), pass through it, then to Cordoba. But they would stop at the first non ours village, which is Cordoba. So they would fight Cordoba. The travel time: Badajoz to Toledo (1 turn?), Toledo to Cordoba (1 turn). So total 2 turns. So they would arrive in 2 turns. So not next turn.
So to attack a neutral next turn, we must send troops from a village that is 1 turn away from that neutral. Those villages are:
- For Cordoba (11): Toledo (8) is 1 turn. Also, from the road network, Cordoba connects to [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia. So Sevilha is also 1 turn? The report says "march from [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". It doesn't mention Sevilha. But Sevilha is connected to Cordoba. So from Sevilha to Cordoba should also be 1 turn. But the report only lists the nearest village. It says "march from [8] Toledo: ...". It might be that Toledo is the closest, but Sevilha is also 1 turn? Let's check the road network: [11] Cordoba: [8], [9], [15]. So it connects to Sevilha [9]. So from Sevilha, it's also 1 turn. But the report says "march from [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". It might be that the distance is the same. So we can attack from Toledo or Sevilha.
- For Madrid (12): from Salamanca [7] (1 turn). Also connects to [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza. So from Toledo or Burgos also 1 turn? But the report says Salamanca.
- For Teruel (13): from Toledo [8] (1 turn). Also connects to [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon.
- For Burgos (14): from Vigo [10] (1 turn). Also connects to [12] Madrid, [19] Pamplona.

So we have multiple options for some.
Our frontier villages and their troops:
Toledo (8): 1 knight. (0 spear, 0 arch)
Salamanca (7): 0 troops.
Vigo (10): 7 spear.
Sevilha (9): 4 spear.
Badajoz (4): 12 spear, 1 knight. But Badajoz is not directly connected to these neutrals? Badajoz connects to [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. So it connects to Toledo (8), Salamanca (7), Sevilha (9). So from Badajoz to Toledo is 1 turn? If Badajoz to Toledo is 1 turn, then we could send from Badajoz to Toledo this turn, arriving next turn, and then they could attack from Toledo? But they would arrive at Toledo next turn. To attack Cordoba, they'd need to leave Toledo the same turn they arrive? That's not possible; they would need to wait a turn. So they couldn't attack Cordoba next turn. They could attack Madrid from Salamanca? If we send from Badajoz to Salamanca, they arrive next turn, then next turn attack Madrid? That's turn 11. So not next turn.
Faro (5): 6 spear, 3 arch, 2 knight. Faro connects to [2], [4], [9]. So to Sevilha [9] is 1 turn? If so, we can send from Faro to Sevilha this turn, arriving next turn, and then they can attack Cordoba from Sevilha? But again, they'd arrive at Sevilha next turn, and would need to attack Cordoba the following turn. So not next turn.
Porto (6): 4 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight. Porto connects to [3], [7], [10]. So to Salamanca [7] or Vigo [10] is 1 turn. Same issue.

So to attack a neutral next turn, we must send troops from a village that is already 1 turn away and has troops, and we must send them this turn. That means we can only use the troops currently in Toledo, Salamanca, Vigo, Sevilha, or send troops from villages that are 1 turn away from the neutral? Actually, if a village is 1 turn away, sending troops from it means they arrive next turn. So we need to use the troops that are in those frontier villages, or send troops from villages that are adjacent to the frontier villages? But if we send from an adjacent village to the frontier village, they arrive next turn, and then they are in the frontier village. They cannot attack the neutral until the turn after. So they would arrive at the neutral on turn 11. So to attack on turn 10 (arriving turn 10? Wait, turn 9 now. We order now. The attack will happen on turn 10? The report says "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS". So we write orders for this turn (turn 9). The movements and attacks happen at the start of turn 10? Actually, the turn sequence: we are at turn 9. We give orders. Then the turn resolves: troops march, battles happen. Then we get the report for turn 10. So if we order an attack from a village that is 1 turn away, the troops will arrive and fight at the start of turn 10. So we need to send them from a village that is 1 turn away. They must be in that village now, or we can send them from another village to that village? If we send them from another village to the frontier village, they will take time to get there. If that time is 1 turn, they arrive at the frontier village at turn 10. Then they would need to attack the neutral at turn 10? But they just arrived; can they attack immediately? The rules: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". If we send them to the frontier village (which is ours), they don't stop; they join the garrison. Then to attack the neutral, we would need to give a separate order to attack from that frontier village. But that order would be for the next turn (turn 10), and they would attack at turn 11. So no, we cannot do that in one turn. We must send them directly from their current village to the neutral if the path is clear and the travel time is 1 turn. But if the travel time is more than 1 turn, they won't arrive next turn. So only villages that are 1 turn away from the neutral can launch an attack that arrives next turn. Those are the frontier villages listed in the report. So we must use the troops currently in those frontier villages, or we can send troops from other villages directly to the neutral if the path is 1 turn? But the report says the march from Toledo to Cordoba is 1 turn. So if we send from Badajoz to Cordoba, the path is Badajoz -> Toledo -> Cordoba. That's 2 turns. So they would arrive in 2 turns. So they won't arrive next turn.
Therefore, to conquer a neutral next turn, we must use the troops that are already in the 1-turn-away village, and we must send them from that village. We cannot add reinforcements from elsewhere in time for the attack next turn.
So for the 4 neutrals, we can only attack with:
- Cordoba: from Toledo (1 knight) or Sevilha (4 spear). We can send from both? They would fight separately. But we can send from Toledo and Sevilha simultaneously. They would arrive at Cordoba next turn and fight the garrison one after the other. So we can combine their efforts by sending both. But they are separate attacks. The first attack might weaken the garrison, the second might finish it. But the garrison's defense is fixed; it doesn't get weaker unless we track losses. The rules: "The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival." So the garrison might have been reinforced? Neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop. It's turn 9, so 5 turns ago was turn 4. So they might have gained troops? The report says "garrison: 4 spearmen | effective defense: 10 (was 8, 5 turns ago)". So they had 4 troops 5 turns ago, and now they have 4? Wait, "was 8, 5 turns ago" means the effective defense was 8 five turns ago. Now it's 10. So they gained troops? 4 spears have defense 2 each, total 8. With village bonus 1.25, 8*1.25=10. So they still have 4 spears. So no change. So the garrison is exactly 4 spears. If we attack with multiple armies, the first army fights the full garrison. If it wins, it takes the village? Actually, if we defeat the garrison, we conquer the village. Then the second army would arrive at a village that is now ours? But the rules: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". If the first army conquers it, it becomes ours. Then the second army would be marching to a village that is now ours, so they would join the garrison? But the timing: all orders are simultaneous. The attacks happen at the same time? "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So they fight sequentially. The first attack resolves, if it wins, the village is conquered. Then the second attack arrives; since the village is now ours, they would just reinforce it? But they were ordered to attack the neutral. They might stop and fight the garrison, but the garrison is gone. So they might just take losses? This is unclear. But typically, in these games, if you attack a neutral with multiple armies, they all fight the garrison, but the garrison only fights once? Or each fights the full garrison? The rule says "each send fights alone, one at a time." So the first send fights the garrison. If it wins, the garrison is destroyed and the village is captured. The second send then arrives at a captured village; since it's now ours, they might just join the garrison without fighting. But they were ordered to attack; they might still fight the (now empty) village? Probably they just arrive and reinforce. So it's safe to send multiple armies, but the first one does the heavy lifting, the others just add to the garrison. But we might waste troops that could have been used elsewhere. However, if the first attack fails, the garrison is still there, and the second attack fights the full garrison again. So it's better to send one strong attack rather than multiple weak ones.

So we need to design a single attack from one village that can defeat the garrison. For Cordoba, we have Toledo (1 knight) and Sevilha (4 spear). 1 knight has attack 4. Against 4 spears, knight does not counter spears (spears counter knights). So no bonus. Attack 4 vs defense 10. 4 < 10, so we lose. 4 spears from Sevilha: attack 4 vs defense 10, lose. So neither can take Cordoba alone. If we send both, the first attack (say 1 knight) loses, taking some losses? The knight might be destroyed. Then the second attack (4 spears) still faces 4 spears? But the garrison might have taken losses? The rules: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So if the garrison wins, it takes losses too. But the garrison's effective force is 10. Our knight's effective force is 4. The garrison wins, and takes losses equal to our force? "attrition against the loser's effective force" means the winner takes losses equal to the loser's effective force? Or a fraction? The rule: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER. The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So the winner takes losses equal to the loser's effective force? That would mean if garrison (10) beats knight (4), garrison takes 4 losses? But garrison only has 4 spears; they might lose some. Then the next attack faces a weakened garrison. So we could send multiple waves to wear down the garrison. But we need to be careful about our own losses.

Let's read the combat rules carefully:
"When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs.
Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5.
The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight).
Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital). In the open field (on a road) there is no bonus.
The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER.
The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."

So effective force is: for attacker: sum of attacks, multiplied by 1.5 if counter applies. For defender: sum of defenses, multiplied by location bonus (1.25 for village). The report already gives the effective defense including bonus. So for Cordoba, effective defense = 10. That means the defender's force is 10.
Our effective attack = sum of attacks * (1.5 if counter).
We need effective attack > 10 to win. If effective attack <= 10, we lose (tie goes to defender).
If we lose, our troops take losses? "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So the winner (defender) takes losses equal to the loser's (our) effective force? Or the loser takes losses? The phrasing: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." This implies that even the winner suffers losses, and the amount is based on the loser's effective force. So if we attack with effective force 4, and defender has 10, defender wins. Defender takes losses equal to our effective force? That would be 4 losses. But the defender only has 4 troops total (4 spears). If they take 4 losses, they might be wiped out? But they have defense 2 each, so effective defense 8 before bonus. With bonus 10. If they take 4 losses, does that mean they lose 4 defense? Or they lose troops? The rules don't specify how losses are applied to troops. Typically, losses mean troops are killed. If the garrison takes 4 losses, they might lose all 4 spears? That would mean the garrison is destroyed, and we would conquer the village even though we lost the battle? That doesn't make sense. Usually, the winner takes losses but still wins. The loser is destroyed. "The losing army is destroyed entirely; the winner takes losses and keeps marching." That's for open field. For siege, maybe similar: the losing army is destroyed, the winner takes losses but holds the village. So if we attack and lose, our army is destroyed. The defender takes some losses but not enough to lose the village. So the effective defense might decrease for the next attack. So we could send multiple attacks to reduce the garrison gradually. But we need to know how many troops are lost. The rule says "attrition against the loser's effective force". So if loser's effective force is X, winner takes X losses. But what does "losses" mean in terms of troops? It might mean the winner's effective force is reduced by X? Or they lose X number of troops? Since each troop has attack/defense, maybe losses are in terms of force points. For example, if defender has effective force 10, and loser has 4, defender takes 4 losses, so their effective force becomes 6? Then next attack faces 6. That would make sense. So we can soften up the garrison with multiple attacks.

But we have limited troops. We need to be efficient.
Let's calculate for Cordoba:
Garrison: 4 spears. Effective defense = 10.
If we attack with 1 knight: attack 4. No counter (knight vs spear: spear counters knight, so knight does not counter spear; actually, the counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. So knight does not counter spear. So no bonus). Effective attack = 4. Loser. Our knight is destroyed. Defender takes 4 losses? Their effective defense becomes 10 - 4 = 6? Or they lose troops? If they lose 4 effective force, they might lose 2 spears? (each spear has defense 2, with bonus 2.5? Actually, effective defense per spear in a village: defense 2 * 1.25 = 2.5. So 4 spears = 10. If they take 4 losses, they lose 4/2.5 = 1.6 spears, so maybe 2 spears? Then effective defense becomes 2 spears * 2.5 = 5. Then next attack with 4 spears from Sevilha: attack 4. Against 5, lose. Then defender takes 4 losses, effective defense becomes 1? Then we might need another attack. But we only have these troops. This is getting complicated. Maybe the losses are in terms of troops, not force points. The rule says "attrition against the loser's effective force". It might mean the winner loses a number of troops equal to the loser's effective force? But that would be too many. For example, if loser has 4 attack, winner loses 4 troops? But winner has 4 troops; they'd all die. That can't be right because then the winner would be destroyed too. So it must be that the winner's effective force is reduced by the loser's effective force, but they don't lose all troops. Actually, in many similar games, the losses are calculated as: winner's casualties = loser's effective force / winner's effective force * winner's troops? Or something. But the text says simply: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." It doesn't give a formula. We might need to infer from typical gameplay. Since this is a text-based strategy game, the losses might be abstract. Let's look at the example from last turn: "You attacked [9] Sevilha: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 3 troops)". So we attacked Sevilha and won, losing 3 troops. Sevilha had 4 spears? Actually, Sevilha was a village we attacked. It says "You attacked [9] Sevilha: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 3 troops)". So we lost 3 troops. What was the garrison? We don't know. But it shows that losses are given in number of troops. So the report tells us how many troops we lost. So we can expect that if we attack and lose, we lose all troops? Or if we win, we lose some. The rule "The losing army is destroyed entirely" applies to open field. For village attacks, if we lose, our army is probably destroyed. If we win, we take some losses.

Given the complexity, maybe we should focus on attacks where we have overwhelming force to minimize losses. We have many spears. We can send large numbers of spears to a neutral, but since spears have low attack, we need many. For example, to take Cordoba (def 10) with spears, we need >10 attack, so 11 spears. We have 45 spears total, but they are scattered. We can gather them? But we can only send from one village per attack (if we want a single attack). We can send from multiple villages to the same neutral, but they fight sequentially. The first attack might be with a small force, then the second with a larger force. But if the first attack fails, it's destroyed. So we should send one large attack from a village that has many troops. Which village has the most troops? Badajoz has 12 spear, 1 knight. Faro has 6 spear, 3 arch, 2 knight. Porto has 4 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight. Vigo has 7 spear. Sevilha has 4 spear. Toledo has 1 knight. Salamanca 0. Lisboa 2 spear, 1 knight. Santarem 6 spear. Evora 2 spear. Coimbra 2 spear.

We can send troops from Badajoz to Cordoba? But Badajoz to Cordoba is 2 turns (Badajoz -> Toledo -> Cordoba). So they'd arrive in 2 turns. We want to attack now. But maybe we can send them to Toledo this turn, and then next turn from Toledo to Cordoba? That would be two turns. But we could also send from Badajoz directly to Cordoba; they would arrive in 2 turns and fight then. That might be okay; we don't have to attack everything next turn. The enemy is moving, but we can take our time. However, the enemy might take Teruel next turn. We need to prioritize.

Let's think about the overall strategy. We need 18 villages. We have 11. The 4 neutrals are 4. That makes 15. We need 3 more from the unexplored east. The unexplored east has 9 villages. Some are enemy, some neutral. The enemy capital is Barcelona. The enemy probably has some troops there. We need to explore and conquer. But we also need to hold 18 for 2 turns. So we need to expand quickly.

Maybe we should focus on the neutrals we can reach, and also send exploratory armies to the unexplored area to see what's there. But we can only see what our armies reach. We can send troops to unexplored villages to attack them, but we don't know their garrison. We might walk into a strong defense. But we have to try.

Let's list the unexplored villages and their connections:
15 Murcia: connected to [11] Cordoba, [16] Valencia. So if we take Cordoba, we can see Murcia? Actually, "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" are those directly connected to your villages by road. If we take Cordoba, we will be able to see Murcia and Valencia? The rule: "You see: your own villages, every village directly connected to one of yours by road". So if we conquer Cordoba, we will see all villages connected to Cordoba: [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia. So we would see Murcia. We wouldn't see Valencia because Valencia is connected to [13] Teruel, [15] Murcia, [18] Castellon. Not directly to Cordoba. So we'd see Murcia but not Valencia.
16 Valencia: connected to [13] Teruel, [15] Murcia, [18] Castellon.
17 Zaragoza: connected to [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona.
18 Castellon: connected to [13] Teruel, [16] Valencia, [21] Tarragona.
19 Pamplona: connected to [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza, [20] Huesca.
20 Huesca: connected to [17] Zaragoza, [19] Pamplona, [23] Girona.
21 Tarragona: connected to [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [22] Barcelona.
22 Barcelona (enemy capital): connected to [21] Tarragona, [23] Girona.
23 Girona: connected to [20] Huesca, [22] Barcelona.

So to explore the east, we need to move our frontier east. Taking the 4 neutrals will give us connections to the unexplored area. For example, taking Madrid connects to Zaragoza. Taking Teruel connects to Valencia, Zaragoza, Castellon. Taking Burgos connects to Pamplona. Taking Cordoba connects to Murcia.

So we should take these neutrals to open paths. But we need to do it efficiently.

Let's consider the enemy army marching toward Teruel. If we don't take Teruel, the enemy might take it and then have a foothold. But if we take it, we block them. We might want to take Teruel first. But we need to have a strong enough force to take it. Teruel has 4 archers, def 10. Counter: knights counter archers. So knights are effective. We have knights in Toledo (1), Badajoz (1), Faro (2), Porto (1), Lisboa (1). Total 6 knights. But they are scattered. We can send a knight from Toledo to Teruel? Toledo to Teruel is 1 turn. 1 knight attack 4, with counter 1.5 => 6 effective attack. 6 < 10, so lose. We need more. Can we send knights from other villages to Toledo this turn, and then next turn to Teruel? That's 2 turns. Or we can send them directly to Teruel? For example, from Badajoz to Teruel: Badajoz -> Toledo -> Teruel. That's 2 turns. So they'd arrive in 2 turns. Meanwhile, the enemy arrives in 1 turn. So the enemy might take Teruel next turn. If the enemy takes Teruel, it becomes an enemy village. Then our attacks would be against an enemy village, which might have a garrison. That could be harder. So we might want to prevent the enemy from taking Teruel. How? By taking it ourselves next turn. But we need a force that can take it next turn. The only way to attack next turn is from Toledo (1 knight) or from somewhere else that is 1 turn away. Is there any other village 1 turn from Teruel? The road network: Teruel connects to [8] Toledo, [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon. So only Toledo is our village. Valencia, Zaragoza, Castellon are unexplored (likely enemy or neutral). So only Toledo can attack Teruel next turn. Toledo has 1 knight. Not enough. Can we send troops from another village to Toledo this turn, and have them attack Teruel next turn? No, because they would arrive at Toledo next turn, and then would need to attack Teruel the turn after. So they'd attack on turn 11. So we cannot reinforce Toledo in time to attack Teruel on turn 10. Therefore, we cannot take Teruel next turn with the forces we have. The enemy will likely take it (or it remains neutral if the enemy is defeated? The enemy army is marching toward Teruel; it might be a defeat? Last turn, King B attacked Teruel and was defeated. So the enemy army marching toward Teruel might be a retreating army? "enemy army marching toward [13] Teruel, arrives in 1 turn". It could be a new army. If it arrives and defeats the garrison, it takes Teruel. If it arrives and the garrison is already gone? We don't know.

Maybe we should focus on the other neutrals that we can take next turn. Let's see which neutrals we can take next turn with the troops we have in the 1-turn-away villages.

For Cordoba (11): from Toledo (1 knight) or Sevilha (4 spear). We can also send from Badajoz? No, 2 turns. From Faro? 2 turns. So only Toledo and Sevilha. 1 knight + 4 spears. If we send both, they fight sequentially. First attack: 1 knight vs 4 spears (def 10). Knight attack 4, no counter, effective 4. Lose. Knight destroyed. Defender takes 4 losses? If defender takes 4 losses, their effective defense might drop. Then second attack: 4 spears from Sevilha. Attack 4. Against reduced defense? If original def 10, after taking 4 losses, def = 6. Our 4 spears attack 4. 4 < 6, lose. So both fail. We would lose all troops. Not good.
What if we send from Sevilha first? 4 spears attack 4 vs 10, lose. Defender takes 4 losses, def becomes 6. Then 1 knight attack 4 vs 6, lose. So both fail.
So we cannot take Cordoba with these forces. We need to reinforce Toledo or Sevilha first. We can send troops from other villages to Toledo or Sevilha this turn, arriving next turn. Then next turn, they can attack Cordoba? Actually, if we send troops to Toledo this turn, they arrive at Toledo next turn. Then on next turn (turn 10), we can order them to attack Cordoba from Toledo. They would arrive at Cordoba on turn 11. So that's two turns to attack Cordoba. So we can take Cordoba in 2 turns if we reinforce Toledo. Similarly, we can reinforce Sevilha from Faro or Badajoz. Faro to Sevilha is 1 turn? Faro connects to Sevilha [9]. So from Faro to Sevilha is 1 turn. So we can send troops from Faro to Sevilha this turn, arriving next turn. Then next turn, they can attack Cordoba from Sevilha, arriving turn 11. So Cordoba can be taken on turn 11.

For Madrid (12): from Salamanca (7) which has 0 troops. Also from Toledo (8) which is 1 turn? Madrid connects to [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza. So from Toledo is also 1 turn. Toledo has 1 knight. So we can attack from Toledo or Salamanca. Salamanca has 0. So we need to reinforce Salamanca or use Toledo. Toledo's 1 knight is not enough. We can send troops to Salamanca from Porto (6) or Coimbra (3) or Badajoz (4). Porto to Salamanca is 1 turn? Porto connects to [7] Salamanca. So from Porto to Salamanca is 1 turn. So we can send from Porto to Salamanca this turn, arriving next turn. Then next turn attack Madrid from Salamanca, arriving turn 11. Or send from Badajoz to Salamanca (1 turn? Badajoz connects to [7] Salamanca. So 1 turn). So Madrid can be taken in 2 turns.

For Teruel (13): from Toledo (1 knight). Reinforce Toledo from Badajoz (1 turn) or Salamanca (1 turn? Salamanca to Toledo? Salamanca connects to [8] Toledo? Yes, [7] Salamanca connects to [8] Toledo. So 1 turn). So we can send from Badajoz to Toledo this turn, arriving next turn. Then next turn attack Teruel from Toledo, arriving turn 11.

For Burgos (14): from Vigo (10) which has 7 spear. Also from Madrid (12) or Toledo? But Madrid is neutral. So from Vigo is our only option. Vigo has 7 spear. Attack 7 vs def 10 (4 spears). No counter (spear vs spear). 7 < 10, lose. So we need to reinforce Vigo. Vigo connects to [6] Porto. So from Porto to Vigo is 1 turn. We can send from Porto to Vigo this turn, arriving next turn. Then next turn attack Burgos from Vigo, arriving turn 11.

So it seems we cannot take any of the 4 neutrals next turn with our current frontier troops. We need to spend this turn reinforcing the frontier villages, and then next turn we can launch attacks that will arrive on turn 11. Meanwhile, the enemy is moving. What can we do this turn? We can send troops to reinforce our frontier villages, and we can also build more troops. We should also consider sending troops to the unexplored area to gather information? But we can't see them unless we attack or move there. We could send a small force to an unexplored village to see its garrison? But if we attack, we might lose them. We could send them to a village we think is neutral, but we don't know. The road network shows connections. We might guess that some unexplored villages are neutral. But the enemy capital is Barcelona; the enemy likely holds some villages. We need to find them.

Maybe we should focus on building up our army and preparing for a big push. We have many resources. We can build troops in our rear villages. We should build knights and archers because they are more powerful, and we have iron. We can also build spears to fill out armies.

Let's decide on builds for this turn. We have 7 villages with resources. We can build 1 unit per village (since wood limits). We should build the most useful troops. We need to decide what to build where.
We want to create armies that can counter the neutrals. The neutrals have spears or archers. To counter spears, we need archers. To counter archers, we need knights. So we should build archers and knights. We have iron to spend. Let's build knights where we have lots of iron, and archers where we have less iron but still some.
Lisboa: w30, i90. Can build 1 knight (30w,30i). Or 1 archer (20w,10i). Knight is better because it's more powerful and uses iron. Build knight.
Santarem: w30, i110. Build knight.
Evora: w30, i110. Build knight.
Coimbra: w30, i80. Build knight.
Badajoz: w30, i60. Build knight.
Faro: w30, i80. Build knight.
Porto: w30, i60. Build knight.
Salamanca: w30, i20. Can build 1 archer (20w,10i) or 2 spears (30w,0i). Since we need archers for counter, build archer? But Salamanca is a frontier village; we might want to build troops there to defend or attack. But it has 0 troops now. Building an archer gives it a troop. But we might want to send troops there from elsewhere. Actually, building there is good because it adds to the garrison. But we can also build spears. Let's build 2 spears? Or 1 archer? Archer costs 10 iron, we have 20. So we can build 1 archer and have 10 iron left. But we can only build one unit because wood is 30. Archer uses 20 wood, leaving 10 wood which can't build anything else (spear needs 15). So we can build 1 archer. Or we can build 2 spears (30 wood). Which is better? We need to counter the neutrals. Madrid and Teruel have archers; we need knights to counter them. Cordoba and Burgos have spears; we need archers to counter them. So we need both archers and knights. We have many knights already (we can build 7 knights this turn). We have few archers (only 4 at home). So we should prioritize building archers where possible. But Salamanca only has 20 iron, so it can build 1 archer (10 iron) or 2 spears. Building an archer gives a counter to spears. But we might want to build knights instead because they are more versatile. Actually, knights counter archers, and archers counter spears. We have both types of neutrals. We should build a mix. But we can only build one unit per village. Let's build archers in some villages and knights in others. We have 7 villages. We can build 7 units. We have 4 archers at home currently. We can build more archers. Let's build archers in villages that will be used to attack spears (Cordoba, Burgos). The attack on Cordoba will likely come from Sevilha or Toledo. Sevilha has 0 resources, so we can't build there. Toledo has 0. So we need to send archers from rear villages to the front. We can build archers in rear villages and then send them to the front. But sending takes time. Alternatively, we can build in frontier villages that have resources: Badajoz, Faro, Porto, Salamanca. Badajoz, Faro, Porto can build knights (they have 60-80 iron). Salamanca can build archer or spears. Let's think about where we want to attack from.
We have 4 neutrals. We need to plan the attacks for turn 11 (arriving turn 11). We need to have enough troops in the frontier villages by turn 10 to launch the attacks. So this turn (turn 9), we should send troops to the frontier villages to arrive by turn 10. Then on turn 10, we order the attacks to arrive turn 11. So we need to decide which frontier villages to reinforce and with what.
Let's list the frontier villages and what they need to attack the neutrals:
- Toledo (8): to attack Cordoba (11) or Teruel (13). Currently has 1 knight. To take Cordoba (4 spears, def 10), we need an attack force with counter (archers) or overwhelming force. If we send archers to Toledo, they can attack Cordoba with counter. How many archers do we need? Effective attack = (sum of archer attacks) * 1.5. Need >10. So sum of attacks > 6.67 => 7 attack. Each archer has 2 attack. So 4 archers give 8 attack, *1.5 = 12 > 10. So 4 archers can take Cordoba. If we mix with knights? If we send mostly archers, counter applies. So we need at least 4 archers. We can also send some spears for defense? But attack only counts attack. So we want pure archers or mostly archers. We have 4 archers total at home (3 in Faro, 1 in Porto). We could send them to Toledo. But they are in Faro and Porto. To get to Toledo, they need to travel. Faro to Toledo: Faro -> Badajoz -> Toledo. That's 2 turns. So if we send them this turn, they arrive at Toledo on turn 11. Then they can attack on turn 12? That's too late. We need them to arrive at Toledo by turn 10 to attack on turn 10 (arriving turn 11). So we need to send them from a village that is 1 turn from Toledo. Badajoz is 1 turn from Toledo. So if we move the archers from Faro to Badajoz this turn? Faro to Badajoz is 1 turn (Faro connects to Badajoz). So we can send the 3 archers from Faro to Badajoz this turn. They arrive at Badajoz on turn 10. Then on turn 10, we can send them from Badajoz to Toledo? That would be another turn, arriving turn 11. Then from Toledo to Cordoba on turn 11, arriving turn 12. That's 3 turns. Alternatively, we can send them from Faro directly to Toledo? Faro -> Badajoz -> Toledo. That's 2 turns. So they'd arrive at Toledo on turn 11. Then attack Cordoba on turn 11? They'd need to attack from Toledo on turn 11, arriving turn 12. So that's 3 turns total. So it takes too long to move archers from the rear to the front. We need to have archers already near the front. Where can we build archers? We can build archers in villages that are closer to the front. Salamanca can build an archer. Salamanca is a frontier village. It can attack Madrid? Actually, Salamanca is connected to Madrid. So if we build an archer in Salamanca, it can attack Madrid? But Madrid has archers, so archers don't counter archers. Knights counter archers. So to attack Madrid, we need knights. To attack Cordoba, we need archers. Cordoba is reachable from Toledo and Sevilha. Sevilha has 4 spears. Can we build archers in Sevilha? No, Sevilha has 0 resources. So we need to send archers to Sevilha or Toledo. The closest village with resources that is near Sevilha/Toledo is Badajoz or Faro. Badajoz can build knights or archers? Badajoz has 60 iron. It can build 1 archer (20w,10i) or 1 knight (30w,30i). If we build an archer in Badajoz, we can then send it to Sevilha (1 turn) or Toledo (1 turn). So if we build an archer in Badajoz this turn, it will be ready next turn? Build time is 1 turn. "ready in 1 turn." So if we order a build on turn 9, it is ready on turn 10. So on turn 10, the archer is in Badajoz. Then on turn 10, we can send it to Sevilha, arriving turn 11. Then on turn 11, it can attack Cordoba from Sevilha, arriving turn 12. So that's 3 turns. If we send it to Toledo on turn 10, arriving turn 11, then attack Cordoba on turn 11, arriving turn 12. Still 3 turns.
What if we build in a village that is already at the front? The only front villages with resources are Badajoz, Faro, Porto, Salamanca. Salamanca can build an archer. If we build an archer in Salamanca on turn 9, it's ready turn 10. Then on turn 10, we can send it to attack Madrid? But Madrid has archers, so archer is not countered. Or send it to Toledo? Salamanca to Toledo is 1 turn. So on turn 10, send to Toledo, arrive turn 11. Then attack Teruel or Cordoba from Toledo on turn 11, arrive turn 12. So still 3 turns.
It seems that because our front villages are 1 turn from the neutrals, and our rear villages are 2-3 turns from the neutrals, any attack will take at least 2-3 turns from the rear. But we can attack from the front villages directly if we have troops there. Currently, our front villages have few troops: Toledo 1 knight, Salamanca 0, Vigo 7 spear, Sevilha 4 spear. These are not enough to take the neutrals. So we need to reinforce the front. The reinforcement takes 1 turn to arrive at the front village, then 1 turn to attack, so 2 turns from reinforcement to attack. So the earliest we can attack a neutral with reinforcements is turn 11 (if we send this turn to a front village, they arrive turn 10, then we order attack on turn 10, they arrive at neutral on turn 11). So we can take a neutral on turn 11. That means we can take one neutral per turn starting turn 11, if we have enough troops.

But we have 4 neutrals. We can take them one by one, or we can take multiple at once if we have troops in multiple front villages. We have 4 front villages: Toledo, Salamanca, Vigo, Sevilha. We can reinforce all of them this turn, and then next turn launch attacks from all of them, arriving turn 11. So we could take all 4 neutrals on turn 11! That would be great. We just need to send the right troops to the right front villages.
Let's plan:
- Toledo (8): will attack Cordoba (11) or Teruel (13). Toledo is 1 turn from both. We need to decide which. Cordoba has spears, Teruel has archers. To take Cordoba, we need archers (counter) or many spears. To take Teruel, we need knights (counter) or many archers? Actually, archers vs archers: no counter. So knights are better for Teruel. Toledo currently has 1 knight. If we send more knights to Toledo, we can attack Teruel with knights. How many knights do we need? Teruel def 10 (4 archers). Knights counter archers: effective attack = knight_attack * 1.5. Knight attack 4. So 1 knight = 6 effective. 2 knights = 12 > 10. So 2 knights can take Teruel. We have 1 knight in Toledo. We need 1 more knight. We can send a knight from Badajoz to Toledo this turn. Badajoz has 1 knight. Badajoz to Toledo is 1 turn. So send the knight from Badajoz to Toledo. They arrive turn 10. Then on turn 10, we send both knights from Toledo to Teruel. They arrive turn 11 and win. So Teruel can be taken on turn 11.
But wait: the enemy army is marching toward Teruel, arriving in 1 turn (turn 10). So on turn 10, the enemy army arrives at Teruel. If the enemy takes Teruel on turn 10, then on turn 11 our knights would attack an enemy village, not a neutral. That might be harder. But if the enemy attacks Teruel on turn 10, they fight the garrison. If they win, they take Teruel. Then on turn 11, our knights attack the enemy garrison. That could be tough. We need to prevent the enemy from taking Teruel. Can we take Teruel on turn 10 instead? To attack on turn 10, we need to send from a 1-turn-away village on turn 9. That means we must use Toledo's current troops. Toledo has 1 knight. 1 knight is not enough to take Teruel (needs 2). So we cannot take Teruel on turn 10. The enemy will likely take it on turn 10. So we should probably not try to take Teruel; instead, we should take other neutrals and let the enemy have Teruel? But if the enemy takes Teruel, it becomes an enemy village. That's one more village we need to conquer later. But we need 18 villages. If the enemy takes Teruel, we have 11 + 3 other neutrals = 14. Then we need 4 more from the east. That might be okay. But we also need to consider that the enemy might expand further. We should try to block the enemy by taking the other neutrals first.
What about Cordoba? Cordoba is connected to Sevilha and Toledo. We can attack from Sevilha. Sevilha has 4 spears. Not enough. We can reinforce Sevilha. Sevilha is connected to Badajoz and Faro. We can send troops from Badajoz or Faro to Sevilha this turn, arriving turn 10. Then on turn 10, attack Cordoba from Sevilha, arriving turn 11. To take Cordoba (4 spears, def 10), we need archers (counter) or many spears. If we send archers to Sevilha, we can attack with archers. How many archers? 4 archers give 8 attack, *1.5 = 12 > 10. So 4 archers can take Cordoba. We have 3 archers in Faro, 1 in Porto. We can send them to Sevilha? Faro to Sevilha is 1 turn. Porto to Sevilha: Porto -> ? Porto connects to [3] Coimbra, [7] Salamanca, [10] Vigo. Not directly to Sevilha. So Porto to Sevilha would take multiple turns. So we can send the 3 archers from Faro to Sevilha this turn. They arrive turn 10. Then on turn 10, we send them from Sevilha to Cordoba, arriving turn 11. But we need 4 archers. We only have 3 in Faro. We have 1 in Porto. Can we get the Porto archer to Sevilha in time? Porto to Salamanca is 1 turn. Salamanca to Badajoz? Not directly. Salamanca to Toledo? Then Toledo to Sevilha? That's long. So maybe we can't get 4 archers to Sevilha by turn 10. We could send the 3 archers from Faro, and also send some spears? But spears don't counter. If we send 3 archers and some spears, the most numerous type might be archers if we send more archers than spears. But we only have 3 archers. If we send 3 archers and 1 spear, most numerous is archer (3 vs 1), so counter applies. Effective attack = (3*2 + 1*1) * 1.5 = 7 * 1.5 = 10.5 > 10. So that works! So we can send 3 archers + 1 spear from Faro to Sevilha. But Faro has 6 spear, 3 arch, 2 knight. We can send 3 archers and 1 spear. That leaves 5 spear, 2 knight in Faro. Then on turn 10, send them to Cordoba. They arrive turn 11 and win. So Cordoba can be taken on turn 11.
What about Madrid? Madrid from Salamanca (0 troops) or Toledo (1 knight). To take Madrid (4 archers, def 10), we need knights (counter) or many archers. Knights are better. We need 2 knights (as above). We can send knights to Salamanca. Salamanca is connected to Porto, Coimbra, Badajoz, Toledo. We can send knights from Porto (1 knight) or Badajoz (1 knight) or Lisboa (1 knight) etc. But they need to arrive at Salamanca by turn 10 to attack on turn 10. So we need to send from a village 1 turn from Salamanca. Porto to Salamanca is 1 turn. Badajoz to Salamanca is 1 turn. Coimbra to Salamanca is 1 turn? Coimbra connects to [7] Salamanca? [3] Coimbra connects to [1], [6], [7]. Yes, to Salamanca. So we can send from Porto, Badajoz, Coimbra. We need 2 knights at Salamanca. We can send the knight from Porto to Salamanca, and the knight from Badajoz to Salamanca? But Badajoz's knight we might want for Toledo. Let's allocate.
We have knights: Lisboa 1, Badajoz 1, Faro 2, Porto 1, Toledo 1. Total 6 knights.
We need to cover Teruel (needs 2 knights from Toledo), Madrid (needs 2 knights from Salamanca), Cordoba (needs archers from Sevilha), Burgos (needs ? from Vigo).
Burgos: 4 spears, def 10. Counter: archers. So we need archers at Vigo. Vigo has 7 spear. Not enough. We can send archers to Vigo. Vigo is connected to Porto. So from Porto to Vigo is 1 turn. We have 1 archer in Porto. We can send that archer to Vigo? But we need more archers. We have 3 archers in Faro, but we want them for Cordoba. We could send the Faro archers to Vigo? Faro to Vigo: Faro -> Porto -> Vigo? That's 2 turns. So they wouldn't arrive by turn 10. So we need archers from somewhere closer. We don't have many archers near Vigo. We could build archers in Porto? Porto has resources. We can build an archer in Porto this turn (turn 9), ready turn 10. Then on turn 10, send it to Vigo, arriving turn 11. Then attack Burgos on turn 11? That would be turn 12 arrival. So Burgos would take longer.
Alternatively, we can attack Burgos with spears? We need >10 attack. Vigo has 7 spear. If we send more spears to Vigo, we can attack with spears. We need 11 spears total. Vigo has 7. We need 4 more. We can send spears from Porto (4 spear) to Vigo this turn. They arrive turn 10. Then on turn 10, send all 11 spears from Vigo to Burgos, arriving turn 11. 11 spears attack 11 vs def 10. Win! No counter needed. So Burgos can be taken with spears. That's easier. So we don't need archers for Burgos; we can use overwhelming spears.
So let's plan the attacks for turn 11 (arriving turn 11, meaning we order the attacks on turn 10 from the frontier villages):
- Teruel: from Toledo, with 2 knights. We need to get 2 knights to Toledo by turn 10. Toledo already has 1 knight. We need to send 1 knight to Toledo this turn (turn 9) from a village 1 turn away. Badajoz to Toledo is 1 turn. Badajoz has 1 knight. So send Badajoz's knight to Toledo. They arrive turn 10. Then on turn 10, send both knights from Toledo to Teruel. Arrive turn 11. (But enemy might take Teruel on turn 10; we'll see.)
- Madrid: from Salamanca, with 2 knights. Salamanca has 0. We need to send 2 knights to Salamanca by turn 10. We can send from Porto (1 knight) and from Badajoz? But Badajoz's knight is going to Toledo. We have other knights: Lisboa (1), Faro (2). Lisboa to Salamanca: Lisboa connects to [1] Santarem, [2] Evora. Not directly to Salamanca. So Lisboa to Salamanca would take multiple turns. Faro to Salamanca: Faro -> Badajoz -> Salamanca? That's 2 turns. So not in 1 turn. Porto to Salamanca is 1 turn. Coimbra to Salamanca is 1 turn. Coimbra has 0 knights. So we can only easily get 1 knight to Salamanca (from Porto). We need 2. We could build a knight in a village near Salamanca? Porto can build a knight this turn (turn 9), ready turn 10. Then on turn 10, we can send that new knight from Porto to Salamanca? But if we build in Porto on turn 9, it's ready turn 10. Then we can send it to Salamanca on turn 10, arriving turn 11. That's too late to attack Madrid on turn 10 (since attack would need to be ordered on turn 10 to arrive turn 11). Actually, if we send from Porto to Salamanca on turn 10, they arrive turn 11. Then we can attack Madrid from Salamanca on turn 11, arriving turn 12. So Madrid would be taken on turn 12. That's okay; we don't need all at once.
But we could also attack Madrid from Toledo? Toledo is 1 turn from Madrid. If we have knights in Toledo, we could send them to Madrid instead of Teruel. But we need to decide priorities.
- Cordoba: from Sevilha, with 3 archers + 1 spear (or 4 archers). We need to get these to Sevilha by turn 10. Sevilha currently has 4 spears. We can send from Faro (3 archers, 1 spear) to Sevilha this turn. Faro to Sevilha is 1 turn. They arrive turn 10. Then on turn 10, send them from Sevilha to Cordoba, arriving turn 11.
- Burgos: from Vigo, with 11 spears. Vigo has 7 spears. We need 4 more. We can send from Porto (4 spears) to Vigo this turn. Porto to Vigo is 1 turn. They arrive turn 10. Then on turn 10, send all 11 from Vigo to Burgos, arriving turn 11.

So we can launch attacks on Cordoba and Burgos on turn 10, arriving turn 11. For Teruel and Madrid, we might not be ready in time. But we can still try to get them later.

What about the enemy? The enemy army is marching toward Teruel, arriving in 1 turn (turn 10). If we don't attack Teruel, the enemy might take it. But if we attack Teruel with 2 knights on turn 10 (arriving turn 11), and the enemy takes it on turn 10, then on turn 11 our knights attack the enemy garrison. That might be okay if the enemy garrison is small. But we don't know. Alternatively, we could send our knights to Teruel on turn 9? No, they are not in Toledo yet. We could send the knight from Badajoz directly to Teruel? Badajoz -> Toledo -> Teruel. That's 2 turns. So if we send from Badajoz to Teruel on turn 9, they arrive turn 11. They would fight the garrison on turn 11. But if the enemy takes Teruel on turn 10, then on turn 11 our knights attack the enemy. So same timing. But we could also send the knight from Badajoz to Toledo on turn 9, and then on turn 10 send both knights from Toledo to Teruel. That's the same arrival turn 11. So either way, our knights arrive at Teruel on turn 11. The enemy arrives on turn 10. So the enemy will have a turn to consolidate. We might be attacking an enemy village with unknown troops. That's risky.

Maybe we should focus on the neutrals we can definitely take (Cordoba and Burgos) and use our other troops to reinforce other areas for future expansion. We also need to build troops for the next turns.

Let's also consider the unexplored area. We might want to send some troops to explore. For example, we can send troops from Toledo to Zaragoza? Toledo connects to Madrid, Cordoba, Teruel, Salamanca? Actually, Toledo connects to [4] Badajoz, [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel. So from Toledo, we can attack Madrid or Teruel or Cordoba. We could also send troops to Zaragoza? Zaragoza is connected to Madrid, Teruel, etc. So if we take Madrid, we can then attack Zaragoza. But we need to take Madrid first.

Let's decide on a concrete plan for this turn (turn 9). We need to write orders: builds and movements.

Builds: We have 7 villages with resources. We should build troops to increase our army. We need to decide what to build where. We want to support the attacks planned. We need archers for Cordoba, spears for Burgos, knights for Teruel/Madrid. We also need to defend our villages. But we can build in any village.
Let's list builds:
- Lisboa (0): w30, i90. Build 1 knight. (Uses 30w, 30i). Lisboa currently has 2 spear, 0 arch, 1 knight. Adding 1 knight makes it 2 spear, 0 arch, 2 knight. Good.
- Santarem (1): w30, i110. Build 1 knight. (30w, 30i). Has 6 spear. Adding knight gives more variety.
- Evora (2): w30, i110. Build 1 knight.
- Coimbra (3): w30, i80. Build 1 knight.
- Badajoz (4): w30, i60. Build 1 knight? Or archer? We might want to build archers here to send to Sevilha for Cordoba. But we already have Faro sending archers. Badajoz could build an archer to reinforce Sevilha? But Sevilha attack needs 3 archers + 1 spear from Faro. That's enough. We could build a knight in Badajoz to send to Toledo for Teruel. But we already have Badajoz's existing knight going to Toledo. If we build a new knight in Badajoz, it will be ready turn 10. Then on turn 10, we could send it to Toledo? But Toledo will already have the existing knight + the one from Badajoz? Actually, Badajoz's existing knight we plan to send to Toledo this turn (turn 9). So on turn 10, that knight is in Toledo. If we build a new knight in Badajoz on turn 9, it's ready turn 10. Then on turn 10, we could send it to Toledo as well, arriving turn 11. Then from Toledo to Teruel on turn 11, arriving turn 12. That would be a second wave. So building a knight in Badajoz is good for future.
- Faro (5): w30, i80. We plan to send its 3 archers and 1 spear to Sevilha. Should we build something in Faro? We can build 1 knight or 1 archer. If we build an archer, we could send it too? But we only need 3 archers for the attack. We could build a knight to keep for defense or future attacks. Let's build 1 knight in Faro.
- Porto (6): w30, i60. We plan to send its 4 spears to Vigo, and its 1 archer and 1 knight we might keep or send. We need to decide. We can build something in Porto. Build 1 knight? Or archer? We have 1 archer there already. We could build an archer to have more archers for future. Or build a knight. Let's build 1 knight in Porto.
- Salamanca (7): w30, i20. We can build 1 archer (20w,10i) or 2 spears. Since Salamanca is a front village, we might want to build troops to defend or attack. It has 0 troops. If we build an archer, it can be used for defense or to send to Madrid? But Madrid needs knights. So building an archer there might not be directly useful for Madrid. We could build 2 spears to have a garrison. But spears are weak. Maybe build 1 archer to have some troop. Let's build 1 archer.

So builds:
0: knight
1: knight
2: knight
3: knight
4: knight
5: knight
6: knight
7: archer

That uses a lot of iron. Let's check iron after builds:
Lisboa: i90 - 30 = 60
Santarem: 110 - 30 = 80
Evora: 110 - 30 = 80
Coimbra: 80 - 30 = 50
Badajoz: 60 - 30 = 30
Faro: 80 - 30 = 50
Porto: 60 - 30 = 30
Salamanca: 20 - 10 = 10
Total iron left: plenty.

Now movements. We need to send troops to reinforce frontier villages for the attacks on turn 10.
We have the following planned attacks for turn 10 (ordered on turn 10, arriving turn 11):
- Cordoba from Sevilha: need 3 archers + 1 spear (from Faro). So on turn 9, send from Faro to Sevilha: 3 archers, 1 spear. (Faro currently has 6 spear, 3 arch, 2 knight. After sending: 5 spear, 0 arch, 2 knight remain. But wait, we need to send exactly the troops we want. We can send any number. Let's send 3 archers and 1 spear. They will join Sevilha's garrison on arrival turn 10.)
- Burgos from Vigo: need 11 spears total. Vigo has 7. Send from Porto to Vigo: 4 spears. (Porto has 4 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight. Send 4 spears. Leaves 0 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight.)
- Teruel from Toledo: need 2 knights. Toledo has 1. Send from Badajoz to Toledo: 1 knight. (Badajoz has 12 spear, 0 arch, 1 knight. Send 1 knight. Leaves 12 spear, 0 arch, 0 knight.)
- Madrid from Salamanca: need 2 knights. Salamanca has 0. We can send 1 knight from Porto to Salamanca? Porto has 1 knight. Send it to Salamanca. Leaves Porto with 0 knight, 1 arch. But we also need another knight. We could send from Coimbra? Coimbra has 2 spear, no knight. From Lisboa? Lisboa to Salamanca is not 1 turn. So we can only get 1 knight to Salamanca by turn 10. So we can't attack Madrid with 2 knights on turn 10. We could attack with 1 knight? 1 knight attack 4, no counter vs archers? Actually, knight vs archer: knight counters archer. So 1 knight with counter: 4 * 1.5 = 6 effective. 6 < 10, lose. So 1 knight is not enough. We could send the 1 knight from Porto to Salamanca, and then also send some archers? Archers vs archers: no counter. So we need more knights. We could build a knight in Porto this turn (we planned to build 1 knight in Porto). That knight will be ready turn 10. But to get it to Salamanca by turn 10, we would need to send it on turn 9? No, it's built on turn 9, ready turn 10. On turn 10, we can send it to Salamanca, arriving turn 11. Then it's too late for a turn 10 attack. So we cannot have 2 knights at Salamanca by turn 10. So we cannot take Madrid on turn 11. We could take Madrid later. So for now, we just send the 1 knight from Porto to Salamanca as a start, and maybe some spears for defense? But we might not need to send anything to Salamanca if we can't attack yet. We could instead send troops to Salamanca to build up its garrison for future attacks. Let's send the 1 knight from Porto to Salamanca. Also, we can send some spears from Coimbra to Salamanca? Coimbra has 2 spear. Coimbra to Salamanca is 1 turn. Send them to reinforce Salamanca. So on turn 9, send from Coimbra to Salamanca: 2 spear. And from Porto to Salamanca: 1 knight. Then Salamanca will have 2 spear, 1 knight on turn 10. That's a start. Next turn, we can build more and send more.

What about other movements? We might want to move troops from rear to front for future attacks. For example, we need more knights for Teruel. We are sending Badajoz's knight to Toledo. We also have knights in Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, Faro. We can start moving them toward the front. But they take time. We can send them to intermediate villages. For instance, send Lisboa's knight to Santarem? Or to Badajoz? Let's see the network. We want to eventually get knights to Toledo for Teruel, and to Salamanca for Madrid. We can send them to Badajoz (which is a hub) and then to Toledo/Salamanca. Badajoz connects to Toledo, Salamanca, Sevilha, etc. So we can send knights from rear to Badajoz this turn, and then next turn from Badajoz to the front. But we need to be careful not to overcomplicate. We can only send one movement per village per turn? The orders allow multiple movements from different villages. Each village can send one army? The JSON has "movements": [ {"fromId": ..., "toId": ..., "troops": {...}} ]. It doesn't say we can only send one per village. But typically, a village can only send one army at a time? The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up". It doesn't explicitly say a village can't send multiple armies, but it's implied that you send an army from a village, taking some or all of its troops. You can probably split the troops? The example in the note from last turn: "The 7 spearmen already marching will take Sevilha, 2 knights will take Toledo, and 10 spearmen will take Vigo." That suggests multiple armies from different villages. But can a single village send multiple armies in the same turn? Probably not, because the troops are at the village and you order them to march. You can only give one march order per village? The rules don't specify, but typically in these games, you can send any number of troops from a village as a single army. You can't send them to different places in the same turn because they all leave together. So we should assume each village can send one army (which can be a mix of troops) to one destination per turn. So we need to decide for each village whether to send troops and where.

Let's list our villages and what we want to send from them this turn:
0 Lisboa: has 2 spear, 0 arch, 1 knight (after build: 2 spear, 0 arch, 2 knight). We might want to send the knight to the front. But Lisboa is far. We can send it to Santarem (1 turn) or Evora (1 turn). Let's send to Santarem to start moving east. Or we can keep it for defense. Since Lisboa is our capital and interior, it's safe. We can send the knight to Santarem. Send 1 knight from Lisboa to Santarem.
1 Santarem: has 6 spear, 0 arch, 0 knight (after build: 6 spear, 0 arch, 1 knight). We might want to send spears to reinforce Badajoz or Sevilha. Santarem connects to [0] Lisboa, [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz. So to Badajoz is 1 turn. We can send spears to Badajoz to then go to Toledo or Salamanca. Let's send 6 spears from Santarem to Badajoz. They will reinforce Badajoz.
2 Evora: has 2 spear, 0 arch, 0 knight (after build: 2 spear, 0 arch, 1 knight). Connects to [0] Lisboa, [5] Faro. Send to Faro? Or keep. Let's send the knight to Faro? Or send spears to Faro. Faro is already sending troops to Sevilha. We might want to send troops to Faro for future. Let's send 2 spears from Evora to Faro.
3 Coimbra: has 2 spear, 0 arch, 0 knight (after build: 2 spear, 0 arch, 1 knight). Connects to [1] Santarem, [6] Porto, [7] Salamanca. We already plan to send its 2 spears to Salamanca. We can also send the new knight? But we can only send one army. Let's send the 2 spears to Salamanca as planned. We'll keep the knight for now or send it later. Actually, we can send the knight to Salamanca instead? But we need spears for garrison? Let's send 2 spears to Salamanca. The knight stays.
4 Badajoz: has 12 spear, 0 arch, 1 knight (after build: 12 spear, 0 arch, 2 knight). We plan to send 1 knight to Toledo. We can also send some spears to Toledo or Sevilha? We can only send one army. Let's send the 1 knight to Toledo. We could send more, but we need to decide. Maybe send 1 knight and some spears? But we need to keep some for defense. Badajoz has effective defense 33, so it's strong. We can spare some. Let's send 1 knight and 4 spears to Toledo? But then they would all go to Toledo and then to Teruel? Actually, if we send them to Toledo, they arrive turn 10. Then on turn 10, we can send them to Teruel. But we need to consider the composition. For Teruel, we want knights. Spears are not as useful. So maybe just send the 1 knight. We can send the other knight later. So send 1 knight from Badajoz to Toledo.
5 Faro: has 6 spear, 3 arch, 2 knight (after build: 6 spear, 3 arch, 3 knight). We plan to send 3 archers and 1 spear to Sevilha. That's one army. We can send that.
6 Porto: has 4 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight (after build: 4 spear, 1 arch, 2 knight). We plan to send 4 spears to Vigo. We also want to send 1 knight to Salamanca. We can only send one army. We need to choose. We could send the 4 spears to Vigo, and keep the knights. Or send the knight to Salamanca and some spears? Let's prioritize. Vigo needs spears for Burgos attack. Salamanca needs knights for Madrid. We can send the knight to Salamanca this turn, and next turn send spears from somewhere else to Vigo? But Vigo needs 4 spears to reach 11. We have spears in Santarem (6) which we are sending to Badajoz. We could redirect some. Let's think: Burgos attack can be delayed a turn if we can't get 11 spears by turn 10. But we have 7 in Vigo. We could attack Burgos with 7 spears? 7 < 10, lose. So we need reinforcements. We could send spears from Porto to Vigo this turn, and send the knight from Porto to Salamanca? But we can only send one army from Porto. We could split? The rules don't allow splitting to different destinations in the same turn from the same village. So we must choose one destination for Porto's troops. We could send the knight and some spears to Salamanca? That would reinforce Salamanca but not Vigo. Then Vigo would have only 7 spears, not enough for Burgos. We could send spears from another village to Vigo? Vigo is only connected to Porto and Burgos and Madrid? Vigo connects to [6] Porto, [14] Burgos. So
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
########## TURNO 9 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3947 | resposta 11610 | raciocinio 8984 | finish content_filter | ms 135636
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 22, \"toId\": 21, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 1, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 21, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 23, \"toId\": 20, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 18, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 20, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Consolidate our eastern holdings and prepare for the assault on Madrid. We are moving troops from Tarragona and Huesca to Zaragoza to form a powerful strike force. We are building spearman and knights across all capable villages to replenish our ranks and prepare for the push into the unexplored west after securing the neutral villages.\",\n  \"statement\": \"We are consolidating our forces for the push into Madrid. Troops from Tarragona and Huesca march to Zaragoza to form a strike force, while our builders work overtime to equip our villages. The assault on Teruel is underway and expected to succeed.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The task is to act as King B and issue orders for the next turn based on the current state.

Let's look at the current state (Turn 9):
- Villages held (7): Barcelona (22), Tarragona (21), Girona (23), Castellon (18), Zaragoza (17), Huesca (20), Valencia (16).
- Total troops at home: 20 soldiers (16 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight) + 8 marching (2 spearmen, 2 archers, 4 knights marching from Castellon to Teruel, arriving in 1 turn).
- Enemy capital is Lisboa [0], but taking it is NOT required to win. We need 18 of 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.
- Currently we hold 7 of 24.
- Villages we can see: Teruel (neutral, 4 archers, defense 10), Madrid (neutral, 4 archers, defense 10), Murcia (neutral, 4 knights, defense 10), Pamplona (neutral, 4 knights, defense 10).
- Neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type. They currently have 4 troops (archers or knights) and defense 10.
- The enemy has no sighted armies on the march.

Let's analyze the resources and available troops:
- Barcelona: wood 30, iron 30. Troops at home: 2 (1 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight). Available to send: 1 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight.
- Tarragona: wood 30, iron 80. Troops at home: 4 (2 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight). Available to send: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight.
- Girona: wood 30, iron 80. Troops at home: 2 (2 spearman). Available to send: 2 spearman.
- Castellon: wood 30, iron 60. Troops at home: 2 (2 spearman). Available to send: 2 spearman. Marching out: 2 spearmen, 2 archers, 4 knights to Teruel (arrives in 1 turn).
- Zaragoza: wood 0, iron 0. Troops at home: 6 (5 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight). Available to send: 5 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight. (Note: wood 0, iron 0, so cannot build anything this turn unless resources are produced first. But resources are produced every turn. Wait, "Each village you hold produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn." But it says "wood 0 (+30/turn) | iron 0 (+20/turn)". This means at the start of the turn it had 0, but it will produce 30 wood and 20 iron. However, "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." So if it has 0 wood and 0 iron now, it cannot build this turn unless we check if production happens before building. Usually in these games, resources are produced at the start of the turn, or we can only build if current stock is enough. The text says: "wood 0 (+30/turn) | iron 0 (+20/turn)". This implies current stock is 0, and it increases by 30/20. So we cannot build this turn at Zaragoza because it has 0 wood, 0 iron now. Wait, does it mean we have to wait? Yes, "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." So current stock is 0, we cannot build. But we can send troops.)
- Huesca: wood 30, iron 20. Troops at home: 4 (4 spearman). Available to send: 4 spearman.
- Valencia: wood 30, iron 20. Troops at home: 0. Available to send: 0.

Let's look at the combat forces:
- Spearman: attack 1, defense 2, cost 15 wood.
- Archer: attack 2, defense 2, cost 20 wood + 10 iron.
- Knight: attack 4, defense 2, cost 30 wood + 30 iron.

Let's check the counter triangle:
- Spearman counters knight (multiplies whole army by 1.5 if spearman is the most numerous type).
- Archer counters spearman (multiplies whole army by 1.5 if archer is the most numerous type).
- Knight counters archer (multiplies whole army by 1.5 if knight is the most numerous type).
Ties break in the order spearman, archer, knight.

Let's look at the neutral villages:
- Teruel: 4 archers, defense 10. March from Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. March from Castellon: 2 spearmen, 2 archers, 4 knights arriving in 1 turn.
- Madrid: 4 archers, defense 10. March from Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast.
- Murcia: 4 knights, defense 10. March from Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast.
- Pamplona: 4 knights, defense 10. March from Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast.

Let's check the march from Castellon to Teruel: 2 spearmen, 2 archers, 4 knights.
Troops: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 4 knight.
Most numerous type: knight (4). Knight counters archer. So the multiplier is 1.5.
Attacking force:
- Spearman: 2 * 1 = 2 attack.
- Archer: 2 * 2 = 4 attack.
- Knight: 4 * 4 = 16 attack.
Total attack = 2 + 4 + 16 = 22.
With multiplier 1.5: 22 * 1.5 = 33 effective force.
Teruel defense: 10 (effective defense, location bonus included).
So the attacking force is 33 vs defense 10. This will easily win.
Wait, "The LOSER is destroyed entirely - this includes an attacker that fails against a village. The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself."
Loser's effective force is 10 (defender's effective force).
Winner loses troops worth half of the loser's effective force = 5.
Spread over its troop types. How is it spread? "worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types". Usually, it means the total cost of lost troops is half of the loser's effective force, or the sum of their values? "troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force". Let's assume it means the total value of lost troops is equal to half of the loser's effective force (5). Since spearman costs 15 wood, archer 20 wood + 10 iron, knight 30 wood + 30 iron. Wait, "worth HALF of the loser's effective force". Maybe it means the sum of their attack/defense values? Or cost? "worth HALF of the loser's effective force" - effective force is a number, so half is 5. If it's spread over troop types, maybe it takes some of each. But we don't need to calculate the exact losses unless we want to know the resulting garrison. The attackers will conquer Teruel and the survivors will stay there as garrison.

Let's plan the campaign for the next turns.
Currently we have 7 villages. We need 18 to win.
The neutral villages we can see are Teruel, Madrid, Murcia, Pamplona.
If we take Teruel, Madrid, Pamplona, Murcia, we will have 11 villages.
Then we need to explore the unexplored ones: Burgos, Salamanca, Toledo, Cordoba, Badajoz, Porto, Vigo, Coimbra, Sevilha, Faro, Santarem, Lisboa, Evora.
The road network shows how they are connected.
Let's trace the connections to see how we can expand.
From Zaragoza [17], we can go to Madrid [12], Teruel [13], Pamplona [19], Huesca [20], Tarragona [21].
From Valencia [16], we can go to Teruel [13], Murcia [15], Castellon [18].
From Castellon [18], we can go to Teruel [13], Valencia [16], Tarragona [21].
From Huesca [20], we can go to Zaragoza [17], Pamplona [19], Girona [23].
From Tarragona [21], we can go to Zaragoza [17], Castellon [18], Barcelona [22].
From Barcelona [22], we can go to Tarragona [21], Girona [23].
From Girona [23], we can go to Huesca [20], Barcelona [22].

Unexplored villages and their connections:
- Burgos [14]: connected to Vigo [10], Madrid [12], Pamplona [19].
- Salamanca [7]: connected to Coimbra [3], Badajoz [4], Porto [6], Madrid [12].
- Toledo [8]: connected to Badajoz [4], Cordoba [11], Madrid [12], Teruel [13].
- Cordoba [11]: connected to Toledo [8], Sevilha [9], Murcia [15].
- Badajoz [4]: connected to Santarem [1], Faro [5], Salamanca [7], Toledo [8], Sevilha [9].
- Porto [6]: connected to Coimbra [3], Salamanca [7], Vigo [10].
- Vigo [10]: connected to Porto [6], Burgos [14].
- Coimbra [3]: connected to Santarem [1], Porto [6], Salamanca [7].
- Sevilha [9]: connected to Badajoz [4], Faro [5], Cordoba [11].
- Faro [5]: connected to Evora [2], Badajoz [4], Sevilha [9].
- Santarem [1]: connected to Lisboa [0], Coimbra [3], Badajoz [4].
- Lisboa [0] (enemy capital): connected to Santarem [1], Evora [2].
- Evora [2]: connected to Lisboa [0], Faro [5].

So the path to the west goes through Madrid [12] -> Salamanca [7] or Toledo [8] or Burgos [14].
From Madrid [12], we can reach Salamanca [7], Toledo [8], Burgos [14].
From Pamplona [19], we can reach Burgos [14].
From Teruel [13], we can reach Toledo [8].
From Murcia [15], we can reach Cordoba [11].
From Cordoba [11], we can reach Sevilha [9] or Toledo [8].
From Sevilha [9], we can reach Badajoz [4] or Faro [5].
From Badajoz [4], we can reach Salamanca [7], Toledo [8], Sevilha [9], Santarem [1], Faro [5].
From Santarem [1], we can reach Lisboa [0], Coimbra [3], Badajoz [4].
From Faro [5], we can reach Evora [2], Badajoz [4], Sevilha [9].
From Evora [2], we can reach Lisboa [0], Faro [5].

So the strategy should be:
1. Capture the neutral villages close to us: Teruel, Madrid, Pamplona, Murcia.
2. From there, expand into the unexplored west: Burgos, Toledo, Salamanca, Cordoba, etc.
3. Eventually capture the enemy capital Lisboa or just hold 18 villages.

Let's look at the troop movements and builds for this turn (Turn 9).
We have:
- Castellon marching to Teruel: 2 spearmen, 2 archers, 4 knights (arrives in 1 turn, so this turn it will fight and conquer Teruel).
- We need to reinforce the front and build troops.
Let's see what we can build this turn:
- Barcelona: wood 30, iron 30. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearman (30 wood). Let's build 2 spearman or 1 archer. Wait, spearman costs 15 wood, so 2 spearman costs 30 wood. Archer costs 20 wood + 10 iron. Knight costs 30 wood + 30 iron.
Let's build 2 spearman in Barcelona (cost 30 wood).
- Tarragona: wood 30, iron 80. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) - total 50 wood, 40 iron. Or 2 knights (60 wood - not enough wood). Or 1 knight and some spearman. Let's build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood) - total 45 wood, 30 iron. Or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Let's build 1 knight and 1 archer? 20+30=50 wood, 10+30=40 iron. Yes, Tarragona has 30 wood, 80 iron. Wait, 30 wood is enough for 1 knight (30 wood) but then 0 wood left. We can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 1 knight in Tarragona.
- Girona: wood 30, iron 80. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 archers (40 wood - not enough wood). Let's build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Castellon: wood 30, iron 60. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (not enough wood). Let's build 2 spearman.
- Zaragoza: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.
- Huesca: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Let's build 2 spearman.
- Valencia: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Let's build 2 spearman.

Let's check the troop movements for this turn:
We need to send troops to attack Madrid, Pamplona, Murcia, or reinforce our villages.
From Zaragoza, we can attack Madrid (1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn).
Zaragoza has 5 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight available to send.
If we send 5 spearman and 1 archer to Madrid:
Troops: 5 spearman, 1 archer.
Most numerous: spearman (5). Spearman counters knight, but the defender is Madrid with 4 archers.
Wait, archer counters spearman! Since archer is the defender's most numerous type, does the attacker get the counter bonus? "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5 (every troop in it, not only the countering type). The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
Ah! "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup".
For the attacker (Zaragoza): most numerous is spearman (5). Spearman counters knight. The defender (Madrid) has 4 archers, so most numerous is archer. Archer counters spearman.
Does the attacker have the counter against the defender? "spearman counters knight; archer counts spearman; knight counters archer."
Attacker's most numerous is spearman. Defender's most numerous is archer. Archer counters spearman. So the defender has the counter against the attacker! Does the defender get the 1.5 multiplier? "Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5". Yes, the defender has the counter (archer counters spearman), so the defender's force is multiplied by 1.5.
Let's calculate the forces:
Attacker (Zaragoza): 5 spearman (attack 1) + 1 archer (attack 2) = 5*1 + 1*2 = 7 attack.
Defender (Madrid): 4 archers. Defense is 10 (effective defense, location bonus included). Wait, "effective defense (location bonus included): 10". So the defender's effective defense is already 10.
But does the counter multiplier apply to the defender's effective defense? "Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5". The defender's force is their effective defense, so 10 * 1.5 = 15.
Attacker's force is 7. Defender's force is 15. Defender wins easily.
So sending 5 spearman and 1 archer to Madrid is a bad idea because archers counter spearman, and Madrid has archers.
What if we send knights? Zaragoza has 0 knights.
What if we send only archers? Zaragoza has only 1 archer.
What if we send only spearman? 5 spearman. Attack = 5. Defender's defense is 10, with counter (archer counters spearman) it's 15. Still loses.
We need to send a mixed army with knights to counter the archers, or a lot of archers.
But we don't have many knights or archers at Zaragoza.
Let's look at other options.
From Huesca [20], we can attack Pamplona [19] (2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn).
Huesca has 4 spearman. Pamplona has 4 knights.
Spearman counters knight! So if we send 4 spearman, the attacker's most numerous is spearman, which counters the defender's most numerous (knight). So the attacker gets the 1.5 multiplier.
Attacker force: 4 spearman * 1 attack = 4. With multiplier 1.5 = 6.
Defender force: Pamplona has 4 knights, defense 10 (effective defense). Knight does not counter spearman. So defender force is 10.
Attacker force 6 vs defender 10. Defender wins. But we lose all 4 spearman.
Wait, is there a way to reinforce Huesca first? We can send troops from Girona or Barcelona to Huesca, but they take time.
Let's look at the march from Castellon to Teruel: 2 spearmen, 2 archers, 4 knights.
This army will arrive this turn and fight Teruel (4 archers).
Attacker: 2 spearman, 2 archers, 4 knights. Most numerous: knight (4). Knight counters archer. Defender: 4 archers. Most numerous: archer. Archer counters knight.
Wait, knight counters archer, so attacker has the counter. Defender's most numerous is archer, which counters knight, so defender also has the counter? "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup". Attacker's most numerous is knight, defender's most numerous is archer. Knight counters archer. So the attacker has the counter. Does the defender also have the counter? "archer counters spearman; knight counters archer; spearman counters knight." If attacker is knight and defender is archer, knight counters archer, so attacker has the counter. Defender does not have the counter because archer does not counter knight (archer counters spearman). So only attacker gets the 1.5 multiplier.
Attacker force:
- Spearman: 2 * 1 = 2
- Archer: 2 * 2 = 4
- Knight: 4 * 4 = 16
Total = 22. With multiplier 1.5 = 33.
Defender force: 10 (effective defense).
Attacker wins with 33 vs 10.
Winner loses troops worth half of the loser's effective force = 5.
So the army at Teruel will lose some troops but win.

Let's look at the overall situation.
We need to build up our army and attack.
Can we send troops from Tarragona to Zaragoza to reinforce it?
Tarragona has 2 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight.
Zaragoza is connected to Tarragona. March time: Tarragona to Zaragoza is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn? Let's check the road network: [21] Tarragona is connected to [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [22] Barcelona.
March from Tarragona to Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.
If we send 2 knights from Tarragona to Zaragoza, they will arrive next turn.
What about Barcelona to Tarragona? Barcelona has 1 spearman, 1 archer. We can send them to Tarragona to reinforce it, then from Tarragona to Zaragoza. But that takes 2 turns.
What about Girona to Huesca? Girona has 2 spearman. Huesca is connected to Girona. March time: Girona to Huesca is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn? Let's check: [23] Girona is connected to [20] Huesca, [22] Barcelona. So 1 turn.
If we send 2 spearman from Girona to Huesca, they arrive next turn.
What about Valencia? Valencia has 0 troops. But we can build 2 spearman there this turn. Then we can send them to Castellon or Teruel. Valencia is connected to Castellon [18] and Teruel [13] and Murcia [15].
If we build 2 spearman in Valencia, we can send them to Castellon (1 turn) or Teruel (1 turn). But Castellon is already sending a big army to Teruel. We can send them to reinforce Castellon or Teruel.

Let's think about the best strategy.
We want to capture Madrid, Pamplona, Murcia, Teruel.
Teruel is being attacked by Castellon's army (2 spearmen, 2 archers, 4 knights) and will fall this turn.
Madrid is the next target. It has 4 archers, defense 10.
To attack Madrid, we need a strong army from Zaragoza.
Zaragoza currently has 5 spearman, 1 archer. This is not enough to beat Madrid (defense 10, with archers countering spearman).
If we reinforce Zaragoza with knights from Tarragona (2 knights) and maybe some archers, we can attack Madrid.
Tarragona has 2 knights. If we send them to Zaragoza, they arrive next turn.
Then Zaragoza will have 5 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knights.
Let's calculate the attack on Madrid with 5 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knights:
Most numerous: spearman (5). Spearman counts knight. Defender: 4 archers. Most numerous: archer. Archer counts spearman.
So defender has the counter (archer counts spearman). Attacker's most numerous is spearman, which does not counter archer. So attacker does NOT have the counter. Defender has the counter.
Attacker force:
- Spearman: 5 * 1 = 5
- Archer: 1 * 2 = 2
- Knight: 2 * 4 = 8
Total = 15.
Defender force: 10 * 1.5 (counter) = 15.
It's a tie! "A tie favors the DEFENDER." So defender wins.
We need more knights or archers to tip the balance.
What if we send 2 knights and 2 spearman from Tarragona? Tarragona only has 2 spearman and 2 knights.
If we send 2 spearman and 2 knights from Tarragona to Zaragoza:
Zaragoza will have 5+2=7 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knights.
Attacker force: 7*1 + 1*2 + 2*4 = 7 + 2 + 8 = 17.
Defender force: 10 * 1.5 = 15.
Attacker wins! 17 vs 15.
But wait, if we send all troops from Tarragona, Tarragona will be empty. Is that okay? Tarragona is an interior village, but it's behind the front. As long as we don't lose it, it's fine. But we need to defend our villages.
Wait, "The same holds for YOUR capital: losing it does not lose the game and has no special effect - a capital is a village with a bigger defense bonus."
So we don't need to worry about losing Barcelona, but we should keep our villages.
If we send 2 spearman and 2 knights from Tarragona to Zaragoza, they arrive next turn. Then we can attack Madrid the turn after (Turn 11).
But wait, we can also build troops in Zaragoza if we send resources? No, resources are per village. Zaragoza has 0 wood, 0 iron, so it cannot build. But if we send troops, they just march.
What about building in Tarragona? We can build 1 knight this turn. Then next turn we have more knights.
Let's look at the build orders for this turn:
- Barcelona: build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood).
- Tarragona: build 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron).
- Girona: build 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron).
- Castellon: build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood).
- Huesca: build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood).
- Valencia: build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood).
- Zaragoza: cannot build (0 wood, 0 iron).

Let's check the troop movements for this turn:
- Castellon to Teruel: 2 spearmen, 2 archers, 4 knights (already ordered, arrives this turn). We don't need to order it again, it's already on the march. Wait, the report says "already marching out (NOT available): 2 spearmen, 2 archers, 4 knights". So they are already marching. We don't need to order them again.
- We need to order new movements.
Let's send troops from Tarragona to Zaragoza to reinforce it for the attack on Madrid.
Tarragona has 2 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight available.
Let's send 2 spearman and 2 knight to Zaragoza.
From Girona to Huesca: send 2 spearman to reinforce Huesca for the attack on Pamplona.
From Barcelona to Tarragona: send 1 spearman, 1 archer to reinforce Tarragona (since we are sending its troops away).
From Valencia: build 2 spearman, then send them to Castellon to reinforce it.
From Huesca: we have 4 spearman. Should we send them to Zaragoza or attack Pamplona?
Pamplona is 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn from Zaragoza, and 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn from Huesca.
If we send 4 spearman from Huesca to Pamplona, they will arrive in 2 slow turns (since spearman is slow). Wait, "march from [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Pamplona. From Huesca, it's probably similar.
If we attack Pamplona with 4 spearman, we lose because defense 10 vs 6 (with counter).
So we should reinforce Huesca first, or send troops from Zaragoza to attack Pamplona.
Zaragoza is connected to Pamplona. March time: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.
If we wait for reinforcements from Tarragona, we can attack Pamplona from Zaragoza with a stronger force.
Let's plan the movements:
1. Tarragona -> Zaragoza: 2 spearman, 2 knight. (Reinforce Zaragoza)
2. Barcelona -> Tarragona: 1 spearman, 1 archer. (Reinforce Tarragona)
3. Girona -> Huesca: 2 spearman. (Reinforce Huesca)
4. Valencia -> Castellon: 2 spearman (after building them). Wait, we can build them and send them in the same turn? "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." And "movements": we can send troops that are already there. If we build them this turn, they are ready in 1 turn, so we cannot send them this turn. "ready in 1 turn" means they are built at the end of the turn or start of next turn. So we cannot send them this turn. We can send the 0 troops currently there, but we can order the build.
Wait, "Each troop type ... ready in 1 turn." This means if we order a build on turn 9, they are ready on turn 10. So we cannot send them on turn 9.
So Valencia has 0 troops now, we can only build 2 spearman, and send them next turn.
Castellon has 2 spearman at home. We can send them to Teruel to reinforce it after it is captured, or to Valencia, or keep them.
Let's send the 2 spearman from Castellon to Teruel to reinforce the captured village. Wait, Teruel is neutral, we are attacking it. The army from Castellon (2 spearmen, 2 archers, 4 knights) is already marching to Teruel and will arrive this turn. The 2 spearman at home in Castellon can be sent to Teruel as well, but they will arrive later (1 turn later). Or we can send them to Valencia to defend it, or to Zaragoza.
Let's send the 2 spearman from Castellon to Zaragoza to reinforce the front line. Castellon to Zaragoza is connected via Teruel? No, road network: [18] Castellon is connected to [13] Teruel, [16] Valencia, [21] Tarragona. It is NOT directly connected to Zaragoza. To go to Zaragoza, they would have to go through Teruel or Tarragona. "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So if we send them to Zaragoza via Teruel, they will stop at Teruel and fight there (or reinforce it if it's already ours). But Teruel is currently neutral, so they will stop and fight. If we send them to Tarragona, they can go from Tarragona to Zaragoza. But that takes 2 turns.
So it's better to send the 2 spearman from Castellon to Teruel (to join the battle or reinforce it). Since the main army is already going to Teruel, sending the 2 spearman from Castellon to Teruel will make them arrive at the same time or later? "march from [18] Castellon to [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". The main army is already marching and arrives in 1 turn. If we send the 2 spearman now, they will also arrive in 1 turn. But "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So sending 2 spearman from Castellon to Teruel means they will fight separately from the main army. That might be good or bad. If the main army wins, the 2 spearman can just join the garrison. If the main army loses, the 2 spearman will fight after them. But the main army is guaranteed to win (33 vs 10). So the 2 spearman will just reinforce Teruel.
Let's send the 2 spearman from Castellon to Teruel.

What about Huesca? Huesca has 4 spearman. We can send them to Zaragoza to reinforce the attack on Madrid. Huesca to Zaragoza is connected: [20] Huesca to [17] Zaragoza. March time: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.
If we send 4 spearman from Huesca to Zaragoza, they arrive next turn.
Then Zaragoza will have 5 (existing) + 4 (from Huesca) = 9 spearman, 1 archer, plus the 2 spearman and 2 knight from Tarragona.
That would be a huge army.
But then Huesca will be empty. Is that okay? Huesca is an interior village, but it's near the front. Pamplona is neutral and borders Huesca and Zaragoza. If Huesca is empty, can the enemy attack it? The enemy is far away (in Lisboa), they don't have armies near us. The only enemy is the capital and maybe some other villages, but they are unexplored. The neutral villages don't attack unless we attack them. So leaving Huesca empty is safe for now.
Let's send 4 spearman from Huesca to Zaragoza.

Let's review the available troops to send:
- Barcelona: 1 spearman, 1 archer. Send to Tarragona.
- Tarragona: 2 spearman, 2 knight. Send to Zaragoza.
- Girona: 2 spearman. Send to Huesca (to replace the 4 we are sending to Zaragoza? Or send to Zaragoza directly? Girona to Zaragoza is connected via Huesca or Barcelona/Tarragona. It's faster to send to Huesca, then next turn to Zaragoza. Or we can send Girona's 2 spearman to Barcelona, then to Tarragona, etc. Let's send Girona's 2 spearman to Huesca to hold it).
- Castellon: 2 spearman. Send to Teruel.
- Zaragoza: 5 spearman, 1 archer. Keep them at home to defend and prepare for the attack on Madrid. Wait, can we attack Madrid this turn?
If we attack Madrid this turn with 5 spearman, 1 archer, we lose. So we should not attack this turn. We should wait for reinforcements.
- Huesca: 4 spearman. Send to Zaragoza.
- Valencia: 0 troops. Build 2 spearman.

Let's calculate the forces if we do this:
Turn 9:
- Build: Barcelona 2 spearman, Tarragona 1 knight, Girona 1 knight, Castellon 2 spearman, Huesca 2 spearman, Valencia 2 spearman.
- Move:
  - Barcelona -> Tarragona: 1 spearman, 1 archer.
  - Tarragona -> Zaragoza: 2 spearman, 2 knight.
  - Girona -> Huesca: 2 spearman.
  - Castellon -> Teruel: 2 spearman.
  - Huesca -> Zaragoza: 4 spearman.
  - Castellon -> Teruel (already marching): 2 spearmen, 2 archers, 4 knights.

Turn 10:
- Teruel is conquered by Castellon's army. The 2 spearman from Castellon also arrive and join the garrison.
- Zaragoza receives 2 spearman, 2 knight from Tarragona, and 4 spearman from Huesca.
  Zaragoza garrison: 5 spearman, 1 archer (existing) + 2 spearman, 2 knight + 4 spearman = 11 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight.
- Tarragona receives 1 spearman, 1 archer from Barcelona.
  Tarragona garrison: 2 spearman, 2 knight (existing) - 2 spearman, 2 knight (sent) + 1 spearman, 1 archer = 1 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight. Plus the 1 knight built this turn = 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
- Huesca receives 2 spearman from Girona.
  Huesca garrison: 4 spearman (existing) - 4 spearman (sent) + 2 spearman = 2 spearman. Plus 2 spearman built this turn = 4 spearman.
- Barcelona: 2 spearman (existing) - 1 spearman, 1 archer (sent) + 2 spearman (built) = 3 spearman, 0 archer.
- Girona: 2 spearman (existing) - 2 spearman (sent) + 1 knight (built) = 0 spearman, 1 knight.
- Valencia: 2 spearman built.
- Castellon: 2 spearman (existing) - 2 spearman (sent) + 2 spearman (built) = 2 spearman. Plus the army returning from Teruel? No, the army that conquered Teruel stays there as garrison. So Castellon will have 2 spearman at home.

Turn 10: We can attack Madrid from Zaragoza with 11 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight.
Let's calculate the attack on Madrid (4 archers, defense 10):
Attacker: 11 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight.
Most numerous: spearman (11). Spearman counts knight. Defender: 4 archers. Most numerous: archer. Archer counts spearman.
So defender has the counter. Attacker does not.
Attacker force:
- Spearman: 11 * 1 = 11
- Archer: 1 * 2 = 2
- Knight: 2 * 4 = 8
Total = 21.
Defender force: 10 * 1.5 (counter) = 15.
Attacker wins 21 vs 15!
Winner loses troops worth half of the loser's effective force = 7.5 -> 7 or 8.
So we conquer Madrid.

What about Pamplona? We can attack Pamplona from Zaragoza as well, or from Huesca.
Pamplona has 4 knights, defense 10.
If we attack from Zaragoza with the remaining troops after Madrid, or we can attack Pamplona from Huesca.
But let's focus on Madrid first.

Let's check if there are any other actions we can take.
Can we send troops from Barcelona to Tarragona? Yes, 1 spearman, 1 archer.
Can we send troops from Tarragona to Zaragoza? Yes, 2 spearman, 2 knight.
Can we send troops from Girona to Huesca? Yes, 2 spearman.
Can we send troops from Castellon to Teruel? Yes, 2 spearman.
Can we send troops from Huesca to Zaragoza? Yes, 4 spearman.
Can we build troops?
- Barcelona: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood).
- Tarragona: 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron).
- Girona: 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron).
- Castellon: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood).
- Huesca: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood).
- Valencia: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood).
- Zaragoza: cannot build (0 wood, 0 iron).

Let's double check the resources for builds:
- Barcelona: wood 30, iron 30. 2 spearman cost 30 wood. Valid.
- Tarragona: wood 30, iron 80. 1 knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Valid.
- Girona: wood 30, iron 80. 1 knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Valid.
- Castellon: wood 30, iron 60. 2 spearman cost 30 wood. Valid.
- Huesca: wood 30, iron 20. 2 spearman cost 30 wood. Valid.
- Valencia: wood 30, iron 20. 2 spearman cost 30 wood. Valid.

Let's check the troop counts at home before sending:
- Barcelona: 2 troops at home (1 spearman, 1 archer). Available to send: 1 spearman, 1 archer. Valid.
- Tarragona: 4 troops at home (2 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight). Available to send: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight. Valid.
- Girona: 2 troops at home (2 spearman). Available to send: 2 spearman. Valid.
- Castellon: 2 troops at home (2 spearman). Available to send: 2 spearman. Valid.
- Zaragoza: 6 troops at home (5 spearman, 1 archer). Available to send: 5 spearman, 1 archer. We are sending 0 from Zaragoza. Valid.
- Huesca: 4 troops at home (4 spearman). Available to send: 4 spearman. Valid.
- Valencia: 0 troops at home. Available to send: 0. Valid.

Let's write down the JSON.
Wait, the prompt says: "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now. Nothing you order this turn is visible to them before it happens."
And "Each village you hold produces resources every turn, and resources are what build your army."
"Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."

Let's check the "plan" and "statement" fields.
Plan: We are focusing on the eastern front to capture the neutral villages (Teruel, Madrid, Pamplona, Murcia) to secure our borders and increase our village count to 11. We are reinforcing Zaragoza with troops from Tarragona and Huesca to prepare for the assault on Madrid. We are building spearman and knights across our villages to replenish our ranks and prepare for the push into the unexplored west.
Statement: We are consolidating our forces for the push into Madrid. Troops from Tarragona and Huesca march to Zaragoza to form a strike force, while our builders work overtime to equip our villages. The assault on Teruel is underway and expected to succeed.

Let's refine the JSON structure.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 22, "toId": 21, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 21, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 23, "toId": 20, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 18, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 20, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}}
  ],
  "plan": "Consolidate our eastern holdings and prepare for the assault on Madrid. We are moving troops from Tarragona and Huesca to Zaragoza to form a powerful strike force. We are building spearman and knights across all capable villages to replenish our ranks and prepare for the push into the unexplored west after securing the neutral villages.",
  "statement": "We are consolidating our forces for the push into Madrid. Troops from Tarragona and Huesca march to Zaragoza to form a strike force, while our builders work overtime to equip our villages. The assault on Teruel is underway and expected to succeed."
}

Let's double check if there are any mistakes.
- Village IDs:
  - Barcelona: 22
  - Tarragona: 21
  - Girona: 23
  - Castellon: 18
  - Zaragoza: 17
  - Huesca: 20
  - Valencia: 16
  - Teruel: 13
  - Madrid: 12
  - Pamplona: 19
  - Murcia: 15
All IDs are correct.

- Troops available to send:
  - Barcelona: 1 spearman, 1 archer. We send 1 spearman, 1 archer to Tarragona. Correct.
  - Tarragona: 2 spearman, 2 knight. We send 2 spearman, 2 knight to Zaragoza. Correct.
  - Girona: 2 spearman. We send 2 spearman to Huesca. Correct.
  - Castellon: 2 spearman. We send 2 spearman to Teruel. Correct.
  - Huesca: 4 spearman. We send 4 spearman to Zaragoza. Correct.

- Builds:
  - Barcelona: 2 spearman. Correct.
  - Tarragona: 1 knight. Correct.
  - Girona: 1 knight. Correct.
  - Castellon: 2 spearman. Correct.
  - Huesca: 2 spearman. Correct.
  - Valencia: 2 spearman. Correct.

Wait, is there any constraint on sending troops to a village we already own? "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements."
Yes, we are sending to Tarragona, Huesca, Zaragoza, which are ours. And to Teruel, which is neutral (to attack it). Castellon is already sending troops to Teruel, we are just adding more.

Let's check the travel times:
- Barcelona to Tarragona: [22] Barcelona to [21] Tarragona. Road network says [21] Tarragona is connected to [22] Barcelona. So 1 turn.
- Tarragona to Zaragoza: [21] Tarragona to [17] Zaragoza. Road network says [21] Tarragona is connected to [17] Zaragoza. So 1 turn.
- Girona to Huesca: [23] Girona to [20] Huesca. Road network says [23] Girona is connected to [20] Huesca. So 1 turn.
- Castellon to Teruel: [18] Castellon to [13] Teruel. Road network says [18] Castellon is connected to [13] Teruel. So 1 turn.
- Huesca to Zaragoza: [20] Huesca to [17] Zaragoza. Road network says [20] Huesca is connected to [17] Zaragoza. So 1 turn.

Everything seems perfectly aligned and logical.
The plan is solid, the moves are aggressive but safe, focusing on building up Zaragoza to take Madrid.
The statement is informative and fits the tone.

I will output the JSON as requested.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":22,"destinoId":21,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":21,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":23,"destinoId":20,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":18,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":20,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [20]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [20]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO envio [22]->[21]: 1S+1A
ACEITO envio [21]->[17]: 2S+2K
ACEITO envio [23]->[20]: 2S
ACEITO envio [18]->[13]: 2S (alvo neutra arqueiro)
ACEITO envio [20]->[17]: 4S
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Consolidate our eastern holdings and prepare for the assault on Madrid. We are moving troops from Tarragona and Huesca to Zaragoza to form a powerful strike force. We are building spearman and knights across all capable villages to replenish our ranks and prepare for the push into the unexplored west after securing the neutral villages.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): We are consolidating our forces for the push into Madrid. Troops from Tarragona and Huesca march to Zaragoza to form a strike force, while our builders work overtime to equip our villages. The assault on Teruel is underway and expected to succeed.
COMBATE [9] Sevilha: atacante A Fatk=7 (ef 11) Fdef=8 (ef 10) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~3
COMBATE [8] Toledo: atacante A Fatk=8 (ef 12) Fdef=8 (ef 10) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~3
COMBATE [10] Vigo: atacante A Fatk=10 (ef 15) Fdef=8 (ef 10) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~3
REFORCO [4] Badajoz dono A: 1K
REFORCO [1] Santarem dono A: 4S
REFORCO [4] Badajoz dono A: 4S
REFORCO [5] Faro dono A: 2S+1K
REFORCO [6] Porto dono A: 2S+1A
COMBATE [17] Zaragoza: atacante B Fatk=7 (ef 11) Fdef=6 (ef 8) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~3
REFORCO [20] Huesca dono B: 4S
REFORCO [21] Tarragona dono B: 2K
COMBATE [13] Teruel: atacante B Fatk=3 (ef 3) Fdef=8 (ef 15) vant=-1 -> vence defensor | baixas~1
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 1S+1A
placar: A 11 ald/tropas 55 | B 7 ald/tropas 6 | neutras 6 | transito 6 (A 0 | B 6)

########## TURNO 10 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3710 | resposta 21103 | raciocinio 16263 | finish stop | ms 274946
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 7, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 8, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 9, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 10, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 4, \"toId\": 8, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 8}},\n    {\"fromId\": 5, \"toId\": 9, \"troops\": {\"archer\": 3}},\n    {\"fromId\": 6, \"toId\": 10, \"troops\": {\"archer\": 1}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Reinforce Toledo with spearman from Badajoz to defend against enemy counterattack. Send archers from Faro to Sevilha to prepare for the attack on Cordoba. Build archers in all villages to build up a large ranged army for future campaigns. Next turn, gather archers at Sevilha and attack Cordoba.\",\n  \"statement\": \"I am reinforcing my eastern border at Toledo by moving spearmen from Badajoz, while sending my existing archers to Sevilha to prepare for the conquest of Cordoba. I have ordered the construction of archers across my realm to field a powerful army.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A and provide a JSON response with orders for the next turn.

Let's analyze the current state:
- I hold 11 villages out of 24 (need 18 for 75% for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate all enemy villages).
- Enemy capital is Barcelona [22], but taking it is NOT required to win.
- Current resources and troops:
  - Lisboa [0]: wood 60, iron 110, troops: 3 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight (total 4, but available to send: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight? Wait, "troops at home: 3 / 300", "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight". Let's check how many troops are at home vs available to send. Ah, "troops at home: 3 / 300" but available to send is 2 spearman, 1 knight. Maybe 1 spearman is the garrison or something? Or maybe the numbers are slightly inconsistent but I should use the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" numbers for movements, and "troops at home" for defense/building. Let's look closely at the text: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight (attack power if all sent: 6)". So I can send those.)
  - Let's list all available troops to send from each village:
    - [0] Lisboa: 2 spearman, 1 knight. Wood 60, Iron 110.
    - [1] Santarem: 6 spearman. Wood 60, Iron 130.
    - [2] Evora: 2 spearman. Wood 60, Iron 130.
    - [3] Coimbra: 2 spearman. Wood 60, Iron 100.
    - [4] Badajoz: 12 spearman, 1 knight. Wood 60, Iron 80.
    - [5] Faro: 6 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight. Wood 60, Iron 100.
    - [6] Porto: 4 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Wood 60, Iron 80.
    - [7] Salamanca: 0. Wood 60, Iron 40.
    - [8] Toledo: 1 knight. Wood 30, Iron 20.
    - [10] Vigo: 7 spearman. Wood 30, Iron 20.
    - [9] Sevilha: 4 spearman. Wood 30, Iron 20.

Let's look at the map and road network.
Enemy villages: Teruel [13] is enemy, Barcelona [22] is enemy capital. There might be other enemy villages in the unexplored area: Zaragoza [17], Valencia [16], Murcia [15], Castellon [18], Pamplona [19], Huesca [20], Tarragona [21], Girona [23].
Currently, I see:
- Cordoba [11] is neutral, garrison 5 spearmen, defense 13.
- Madrid [12] is neutral, garrison 5 archers, defense 13.
- Burgos [14] is neutral, garrison 5 spearmen, defense 13.
- Teruel [13] is enemy, garrison 2 spearmen, 2 archers, 3 knights, defense 18.

Wait, the enemy army is marching toward [13] Teruel, arrives in 1 turn. What does this mean? It means an enemy army is marching to Teruel, arriving next turn. Or maybe it's already there? "enemy army marching toward [13] Teruel, arrives in 1 turn". So next turn it will be at Teruel, or maybe it's defending it? Let's assume Teruel's garrison is what is listed, and there is an incoming army.

Let's look at my position. I have Toledo [8] as a border village with Teruel [13].
To attack Teruel, I can send troops from Toledo [8], Badajoz [4], or others. But Toledo is very close: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.
Wait, let's look at the march distances from Toledo [8]:
- to Cordoba [11]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns
- to Madrid [12]: wait, road from [8] to [12] exists.
- to Teruel [13]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Let's look at the road network:
[8] Toledo connects to: [4], [11], [12], [13].
So from Toledo, I can reach Cordoba [11], Madrid [12], Teruel [13] in 1 turn of each speed.
From Salamanca [7], I can reach Madrid [12] in 1 turn.
From Vigo [10], I can reach Burgos [14] in 1 turn.

Let's think about strategy.
I need to expand. I have 11 villages. I need 18 to win (75% of 24).
The neutral villages are Cordoba [11], Madrid [12], Burgos [14], and others in the unexplored zone: Murcia [15], Valencia [16], Zaragoza [17], Castellon [18], Pamplona [19], Huesca [20], Tarragona [21], Girona [23].
The enemy has Teruel [13] and Barcelona [22], and probably others like Valencia [16], Zaragoza [17], etc.
To reach 18 villages, I need to conquer 7 more villages.
The neutral ones I can see are Cordoba [11], Madrid [12], Burgos [14]. If I conquer these 3, I will have 14. Then I need 4 more, which are likely in the unexplored territory, some of which might be neutral, some enemy.
But conquering neutral villages is easier because they have fewer troops (5 spearmen or archers, defense 13) compared to Teruel (defense 18, garrison 2 spearmen, 2 archers, 3 knights).
Wait, neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type. They currently have 5 troops, defense 13. They are at "was 10, 5 turns ago", so they have hardened once already.

Let's calculate the strength needed to attack Cordoba [11]:
Garrison: 5 spearmen. Effective defense: 13.
If I attack with spearman, they are counter-archer? No, spearman counters knight, archer counters spearman, knight counters archers.
Wait, the counter triangle:
spearman counters knight (multiplies force by 1.5)
archer counters spearman (multiplies force by 1.5)
knight counters archer (multiplies force by 1.5)
The most numerous type sets the counter matchup.
If I attack Cordoba with only spearman, the defender has only spearman. The most numerous type is spearman for both. Does a tie break in the order spearman, archer, knight? "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight". So if both have spearman as the most numerous, does it count as spearman vs spearman? There is no counter bonus for same type. So no 1.5x bonus.
Wait, "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
If I attack with knights, my most numerous is knight. Defender's most numerous is spearman. Knight vs spearman: spearman counters knight! So the defender gets the 1.5x bonus.
If I attack with archers, my most numerous is archer. Defender's most numerous is spearman. Archer vs spearman: archer counters spearman, so I get 1.5x bonus.
So to attack a village with 5 spearmen, I should use archers!
Let's check the attack values:
Archer: attack 2.
Spearman: defense 2, but in a village, defense counts x1.25. The effective defense of Cordoba is 13, which already includes the location bonus.
Wait, "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again."
So Cordoba's defense is 13.
My attack power:
If I send archers, each has attack 2. If I send, say, 10 archers, attack is 20. With counter bonus (archer vs spearman), it's 20 * 1.5 = 30.
Wait, how is the effective force calculated?
"The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER."
"The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
Let's look at the exact formula if possible, but usually:
Effective attack = sum of attack of attacking troops * (1.5 if counter).
Effective defense = the "effective defense" value listed (which is sum of defense of troops * location bonus, already included).
Let's verify the effective defense of Cordoba: 5 spearmen. Defense of spearman is 2. In a village, defense counts x1.25. 5 * 2 * 1.25 = 12.5, rounded to 13. Yes, effective defense is 13.
If I attack with archers:
Let's say I send 10 archers. Attack = 10 * 2 = 20. Counter bonus: archer vs spearman, so 20 * 1.5 = 30.
30 > 13, so I win.
What if I send knights? Knight attack 4. If I send 5 knights, attack = 20. But spearman counters knight, so defender gets 1.5x? No, "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It says "your force", meaning the side that has the counter multiplies their force by 1.5.
So if defender has the counter, defender's effective force is multiplied by 1.5? Or is it just the attack/defense of the troops?
"Each troop type has its own ATTACK and DEFENSE values... When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle: Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
So if I attack with knights, and defender has spearman (which counters knight), the defender multiplies their defense force by 1.5?
Let's assume the effective force for attacker is Attack * (1.5 if counter), and for defender is Defense * (1.5 if counter).
If defender has 5 spearmen, defense is 13. If spearman counters knight, defender's effective defense becomes 13 * 1.5 = 19.5.
So knights would need an attack of > 19.5 to win. 5 knights have attack 20, so it would be close.
But archers are much more efficient against spearmen.

Let's look at my available archers:
- Faro [5]: 3 archers.
- Porto [6]: 1 archer.
Total archers I can send immediately: 4.
But I can also build more archers!
Cost of archer: 20 wood + 10 iron.
Let's check wood and iron of my villages:
- Lisboa [0]: wood 60, iron 110. Can build archers. Cap is 300 troops at home. Currently 3/300. Can build many.
- Santarem [1]: wood 60, iron 130. Can build archers.
- Evora [2]: wood 60, iron 130. Can build archers.
- Coimbra [3]: wood 60, iron 100. Can build archers.
- Badajoz [4]: wood 60, iron 80. Can build archers.
- Faro [5]: wood 60, iron 100. Can build archers.
- Porto [6]: wood 60, iron 80. Can build archers.
- Salamanca [7]: wood 60, iron 40. Can build 4 archers (needs 40 iron, has 40).
- Toledo [8]: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 archer (needs 10 iron, has 20; needs 20 wood, has 30).
- Vigo [10]: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 archer.
- Sevilha [9]: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 archer.

So I have plenty of resources to build archers!
Let's plan to build archers in several villages to launch a strong attack.
Where should I attack first?
Cordoba [11] is neutral, 5 spearmen, defense 13. It is connected to Toledo [8] and Sevilha [9].
Madrid [12] is neutral, 5 archers, defense 13. Connected to Salamanca [7], Toledo [8], Burgos [14], Zaragoza [17].
Burgos [14] is neutral, 5 spearmen, defense 13. Connected to Vigo [10], Madrid [12], Pamplona [19].
Teruel [13] is enemy, 2 spearmen, 2 archers, 3 knights, defense 18. Connected to Toledo [8], Valencia [16], Zaragoza [17], Castellon [18].

If I attack Cordoba [11], I can send troops from Toledo [8] or Sevilha [9].
To attack Cordoba (5 spearmen, defense 13), I want to use archers.
If I send 10 archers, attack = 20, with counter 1.5 = 30. This is more than enough to beat defense 13.
Can I get 10 archers in one turn?
I can build archers in my villages. But building takes 1 turn, and marching takes 1 turn (since Toledo is 1 turn away).
If I build archers this turn, they will be ready next turn. But if I march this turn, they won't be with the marching troops unless I already have some at home.
Wait, "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" means troops already built and at home that I can send this turn.
If I want to attack Cordoba, I can send the available archers from Faro [5] (3 archers) and Porto [6] (1 archer) to Toledo [8] or Sevilha [9]? But they are not at Toledo or Sevilha. They are at Faro and Porto.
To move them to Toledo, they have to march.
Let's check march distances from Faro [5] to Toledo [8]:
"from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
Wait, the text says: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
This means if I send troops from Faro to Toledo, it takes 2 turns for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast.
So if I send archers (medium speed) from Faro to Toledo, it takes 1 turn. They will arrive next turn.
If I send them this turn, they will arrive at Toledo next turn, and then from Toledo to Cordoba it's another turn (1 turn). So they would arrive at Cordoba on turn 12.
Meanwhile, I can build archers in Toledo [8] this turn. Toledo has wood 30, iron 20. I can build 1 archer (costs 20 wood, 10 iron). It will be ready next turn.
I can also build archers in other villages that are closer to the front, like Badajoz [4] (which connects to Toledo [8] in 1 turn).
Let's look at Badajoz [4]: wood 60, iron 80. Can build 4 archers (needs 40 wood, 40 iron). They will be ready next turn.
If I build 4 archers in Badajoz, and send them to Toledo [8] (1 turn march), they arrive on turn 11? No, if I build them this turn (turn 10), they are ready at the end of turn 10. I can order them to march to Toledo on turn 11, arriving on turn 12. Then from Toledo to Cordoba on turn 13.
Wait, "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now. Nothing you order this turn is visible to them before it happens."
So the orders I give now are for the actions that will happen during this turn (turn 10 to 11).
If I order a build, the troop is built during this turn and is available at the end of the turn, or can be sent in the next turn's orders?
"ready in 1 turn" means if I order it now, it is ready for next turn's movements.
So if I order a build now, I cannot send it this turn. I can send it next turn.
If I send existing troops now, they march during this turn and arrive next turn.
So, if I send troops from Faro [5] to Cordoba [11] directly? Can I do that?
"An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination. You cannot march past an enemy or neutral village to hit one behind it."
Faro [5] connects to: [2], [4], [9].
Sevilha [9] connects to: [4], [5], [11].
So from Faro [5], I can march to Sevilha [9] (mine), and then to Cordoba [11] (neutral). But the army would stop at Sevilha if it's mine? "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements."
If I order them to go to Cordoba [11], they will pass through Sevilha [9] (which is mine). Do they stop at Sevilha? "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours". Since Sevilha is mine, they won't stop there, they will continue to Cordoba.
Let's check the road: Faro [5] -> Sevilha [9] -> Cordoba [11].
Distance from Faro to Sevilha: let's look at the road network. [5] to [9] is a direct road.
Distance from Sevilha [9] to Cordoba [11]: direct road.
So if I send troops from Faro [5] to Cordoba [11], they will march along [5] -> [9] -> [11].
What is the travel time?
"from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" - this is for Faro to Toledo.
But what about Faro to Cordoba via Sevilha?
Let's look at the distances. The report doesn't give the exact distance from Faro to Cordoba, but it says "march from [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Cordoba.
And from Faro to Toledo is "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".
So Faro to Cordoba is probably around 3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns.
If I send archers (medium speed) from Faro, it would take 2 turns to reach Cordoba.
If I send them now, they arrive on turn 12.
But I can also send troops from Toledo [8] to Cordoba [11] this turn. Toledo has 1 knight available. Knight is fast, takes 1 turn. But knight vs spearman is bad (counter for defender).
Toledo has no archers available to send now.
What about Sevilha [9]? It has 4 spearman available. Spearman vs spearman, no counter, and spearman attack is low.
What about Badajoz [4]? It has 12 spearman, 1 knight. It connects to Toledo [8] in 1 turn, and Toledo to Cordoba in 1 turn. So 2 turns total.
What about building archers?
If I build archers in Toledo [8] this turn, they are ready next turn. Then I can send them to Cordoba [11] on turn 11, arriving on turn 12.
If I build archers in Badajoz [4] this turn, they are ready next turn. Send them to Toledo [8] on turn 11, arrive on turn 12. Then from Toledo to Cordoba on turn 13. That's too slow.
What if I send the available archers from Faro [5] (3 archers) and Porto [6] (1 archer) to Sevilha [9] or Toledo [8]?
If I send them to Sevilha [9], they will join the garrison. Then next turn, I can send them from Sevilha to Cordoba.
Let's check the distance from Faro [5] to Sevilha [9]. It's probably 1 medium turn.
If I send them to Sevilha now, they arrive next turn. Then next turn I can send them to Cordoba, arriving on turn 12.
But I can also just send them directly to Cordoba [11] from Faro [5]. They will pass through Sevilha [9] and reach Cordoba. The travel time would be the same as going to Sevilha and then Cordoba, because they don't stop at Sevilha.
So sending them directly to Cordoba is better, as it saves a turn of ordering (though the arrival turn is the same, it's simpler).

Let's look at the enemy situation.
"enemy army marching toward [13] Teruel, arrives in 1 turn"
This means next turn, Teruel will have its garrison plus the marching army, or the marching army will be there.
Teruel is enemy. If I attack Teruel, I have to fight the garrison + the marching army.
But maybe I should attack a neutral village first to increase my village count and get more resources.
Cordoba [11] is neutral, 5 spearmen, defense 13.
If I conquer Cordoba, I get a new village. It will produce 30 wood and 20 iron per turn (or maybe less, let's check: "Each village you hold produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn." But some of my villages have "wood 30 (+30/turn) | iron 20 (+20/turn)", which means they produce 30 wood and 20 iron. The interior ones have "wood 60 (+30/turn) | iron 130 (+20/turn)"? Wait, "wood 60 (+30/turn)" means current wood is 60, and it produces 30 per turn. So all villages produce 30 wood and 20 iron per turn. The starting resources vary).
So Cordoba would give me +30 wood, +20 iron per turn.

Let's plan the attack on Cordoba [11].
I need to send enough archers to beat defense 13.
Effective defense of Cordoba: 13.
If I send archers, each has attack 2. With counter bonus (archer vs spearman), attack is multiplied by 1.5.
So each archer has effective attack 3 against Cordoba.
To beat defense 13, I need 13 / 3 = 4.33, so 5 archers.
But wait, "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
So if I send 5 archers, my effective attack is 15. Defender's effective defense is 13.
I win, but I take losses. How many?
"attrition against the loser's effective force". Usually, the loser's effective force is subtracted from the winner's force, and some percentage is lost.
If I send 5 archers, I have 15 attack. Defender has 13 defense. I win, but I might lose some archers.
To minimize losses, I should send a bit more, say 6 or 7 archers.
Can I get 6 archers to Cordoba next turn?
Available archers to send now:
- Faro [5]: 3 archers.
- Porto [6]: 1 archer.
Total 4 archers.
If I send the 3 archers from Faro [5] and 1 archer from Porto [6] to Cordoba [11].
Wait, Porto [6] to Cordoba [11] distance:
Porto [6] connects to [3], [7], [10].
To reach Cordoba [11], they have to go through Coimbra [3] -> Salamanca [7] -> Madrid [12] -> Toledo [8] -> Cordoba [11]? Or Porto [6] -> Vigo [10] -> Burgos [14] -> Madrid [12] -> Toledo [8] -> Cordoba [11]? That's very long.
What about Porto [6] -> Coimbra [3] -> Santarem [1] -> Badajoz [4] -> Sevilha [9] -> Cordoba [11]? Also long.
So sending from Porto is too slow.
What about Faro [5] to Cordoba [11]?
Faro [5] connects to [2], [4], [9].
Sevilha [9] connects to [4], [5], [11].
So Faro -> Sevilha -> Cordoba.
Distance: Faro to Sevilha is probably 1 medium turn. Sevilha to Cordoba is 1 medium turn. Total 2 medium turns.
If I send the 3 archers from Faro now, they will arrive on turn 12.
I can also build archers in Sevilha [9] this turn. Sevilha has wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 archer (costs 20 wood, 10 iron). It will be ready next turn.
If I build 1 archer in Sevilha, and next turn send it along with the 3 archers arriving from Faro, I will have 4 archers attacking Cordoba on turn 12.
But I need more archers to be safe.
What about building archers in Toledo [8]? Toledo has wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 archer. Ready next turn. Send it to Cordoba on turn 11, arriving on turn 12.
What about building archers in Badajoz [4]? Badajoz has wood 60, iron 80. Can build 4 archers. Ready next turn. Send them to Toledo [8] on turn 11, arrive on turn 12. Then from Toledo to Cordoba on turn 13. Too slow.
What if I send the 1 knight from Toledo [8] to Cordoba [11] now?
Knight is fast, takes 1 turn. Arrives on turn 11.
But knight vs spearman: defender has counter, so defender's defense 13 becomes 19.5. Knight attack is 4. If I send 1 knight, attack is 4. 4 < 19.5, knight is destroyed.
So sending knight alone is useless.
What if I send the 4 spearman from Sevilha [9] to Cordoba [11] now?
Spearman vs spearman, no counter. Attack of 4 spearmen = 4 * 1 = 4. Defense is 13. 4 < 13, they are destroyed.
So I cannot attack Cordoba effectively this turn with the troops I have at the front.
I need to build up my forces first.
So this turn, I should focus on building archers and moving my existing archers closer to the front, so that next turn or the turn after, I can launch a strong attack.

Let's look at the build orders.
I want to build archers in as many villages as possible, especially those close to the front.
Villages close to the front:
- Toledo [8]: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 archer.
- Badajoz [4]: wood 60, iron 80. Can build 4 archers.
- Sevilha [9]: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 archer.
- Faro [5]: wood 60, iron 100. Can build 5 archers (needs 100 wood, has 60? No, wood is 60, so can build 3 archers. Needs 30 wood, has 60. Needs 30 iron, has 100. So can build 3 archers).
- Lisboa [0]: wood 60, iron 110. Can build 3 archers (needs 30 wood, has 60. Needs 30 iron, has 110. So 3 archers).
- Santarem [1]: wood 60, iron 130. Can build 3 archers.
- Evora [2]: wood 60, iron 130. Can build 3 archers.
- Coimbra [3]: wood 60, iron 100. Can build 3 archers.
- Porto [6]: wood 60, iron 80. Can build 3 archers.
- Salamanca [7]: wood 60, iron 40. Can build 2 archers (needs 20 wood, has 60. Needs 20 iron, has 40. So 2 archers).
- Vigo [10]: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 archer.

Let's calculate total archers I can build this turn:
Toledo: 1
Badajoz: 4
Sevilha: 1
Faro: 3
Lisboa: 3
Santarem: 3
Evora: 3
Coimbra: 3
Porto: 3
Salamanca: 2
Vigo: 1
Total: 1+4+1+3+3+3+3+3+3+2+1 = 27 archers!
But wait, "Cap per village: when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building".
None of my villages are close to 300 troops at home. The highest is Badajoz with 13/300. So no cap issues.
But do I have enough resources?
Let's check total wood and iron available across all villages.
Wait, "Resources belong to EACH village (there is no shared treasury): a village pays for its own builds from its own stock."
So each village can only build what it can afford with its own resources.
Let's check each village's resources and max archers they can build:
- Lisboa [0]: wood 60, iron 110. Archer cost: 20 wood, 10 iron. Max archers = min(60/20, 110/10) = min(3, 11) = 3.
- Santarem [1]: wood 60, iron 130. Max archers = min(60/20, 130/10) = min(3, 13) = 3.
- Evora [2]: wood 60, iron 130. Max archers = 3.
- Coimbra [3]: wood 60, iron 100. Max archers = min(3, 10) = 3.
- Badajoz [4]: wood 60, iron 80. Max archers = min(3, 8) = 3. Wait, 60/20 = 3, 80/10 = 8. So 3 archers, not 4. My previous calculation was wrong. 3 archers cost 60 wood, 30 iron. Badajoz has 60 wood, 80 iron. So 3 archers.
- Faro [5]: wood 60, iron 100. Max archers = 3.
- Porto [6]: wood 60, iron 80. Max archers = 3.
- Salamanca [7]: wood 60, iron 40. Max archers = min(3, 4) = 2.
- Toledo [8]: wood 30, iron 20. Max archers = min(1, 2) = 1.
- Vigo [10]: wood 30, iron 20. Max archers = 1.
- Sevilha [9]: wood 30, iron 20. Max archers = 1.

Total archers buildable this turn: 3+3+3+3+3+3+3+2+1+1+1 = 26 archers.
That's a lot of archers! But they are scattered across my empire.
I need to move them to the front.
The front is Toledo [8] (bordering Teruel [13], Cordoba [11], Madrid [12]) and Sevilha [9] (bordering Cordoba [11]), and Vigo [10] (bordering Burgos [14]), and Salamanca [7] (bordering Madrid [12]).
Let's focus on Cordoba [11] first, as it's the closest neutral village with spearmen (weak to archers).
To attack Cordoba, I can use Sevilha [9] and Toledo [8] as staging points.
If I build archers in Sevilha [9] (1), Toledo [8] (1), Badajoz [4] (3), Faro [5] (3), Lisboa [0] (3), Santarem [1] (3), Evora [2] (3), Coimbra [3] (3), Porto [6] (3), Salamanca [7] (2), Vigo [10] (1).
But I can only send troops that are already built.
The archers I build this turn will be ready next turn.
So next turn, I will have:
- The 3 archers from Faro [5] (if I don't send them this turn).
- The 1 archer from Porto [6] (if I don't send them this turn).
- Plus the newly built archers.
But I also have the existing archers at home:
- Faro [5]: 3 archers at home.
- Porto [6]: 1 archer at home.
Total existing archers: 4.
If I send the 3 archers from Faro [5] to Sevilha [9] this turn, they arrive next turn.
If I send the 1 archer from Porto [6] to Coimbra [3] or somewhere? Porto is far from the Cordoba front. It's better to keep them or move them towards Vigo/Burgos front.
Actually, let's look at the Burgos [14] front. Burgos has 5 spearmen, defense 13. It is connected to Vigo [10].
Vigo [10] has 7 spearman, no archers.
If I want to attack Burgos, I need archers.
Porto [6] is connected to Vigo [10] via Coimbra [3] -> Salamanca [7] -> Madrid [12] -> Burgos [14]? No, Porto [6] connects to [3], [7], [10].
Wait, road network:
[6] Porto: [3], [7], [10].
[10] Vigo: [6], [14].
So Porto [6] connects directly to Vigo [10]!
Let's check the distance. "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns" is for Porto.
But Porto to Vigo [10] is probably shorter.
If I send the 1 archer from Porto [6] to Vigo [10], they can reinforce Vigo.
But Vigo is not a border village with an enemy, it borders Burgos [14] (neutral).
So Vigo is a staging point for Burgos.
Let's decide on a primary target for this turn.
I think Cordoba [11] is the best target because:
1. It's close to Sevilha [9] and Toledo [8].
2. It has spearmen, which are weak to archers.
3. Conquering it opens up roads to Murcia [15] and further east.

Let's plan the movements for this turn:
- Send the 3 archers from Faro [5] to Sevilha [9] (to reinforce it and prepare for Cordoba attack). Or send them directly to Cordoba [11]?
If I send them to Cordoba [11], they will fight the 5 spearmen.
With 3 archers, effective attack = 3 * 2 * 1.5 = 9.
Defense is 13. 9 < 13, so they will lose.
So I shouldn't attack Cordoba with only 3 archers. I need at least 5 or 6.
So I should move them to Sevilha [9] to combine with other archers next turn.
Wait, if I send them to Sevilha [9], they arrive next turn. Then next turn I can send them to Cordoba along with any archers I build in Sevilha and Toledo.
Let's check the distance from Faro [5] to Sevilha [9].
Faro [5] connects to [2], [4], [9]. So [5] to [9] is a direct road.
Distance is probably 1 medium turn.
So if I send them now, they arrive at Sevilha next turn.
Then next turn, I can send them from Sevilha to Cordoba [11] (1 turn), arriving on turn 12.
Meanwhile, I can build archers in Sevilha [9] (1), Toledo [8] (1), Badajoz [4] (3).
Next turn, I can send the 1 archer from Sevilha, the 1 from Toledo, and the 3 from Badajoz (if they arrive at Toledo/Sevilha).
Wait, Badajoz [4] to Toledo [8] is 1 turn. Badajoz [4] to Sevilha [9] is also connected? [4] connects to [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. Yes, [4] to [9] is direct.
So from Badajoz, I can send archers to Sevilha [9] or Toledo [8].
If I send them to Sevilha [9], they arrive next turn. Then next turn from Sevilha to Cordoba, arriving on turn 12.
So the timeline:
Turn 10 (this turn):
- Build archers: Sevilha (1), Toledo (1), Badajoz (3), Faro (3), Lisboa (3), Santarem (3), Evora (3), Coimbra (3), Porto (3), Salamanca (2), Vigo (1).
- Move existing archers: Faro [5] (3 archers) to Sevilha [9]. Porto [6] (1 archer) to Vigo [10] (to prepare for Burgos).
Turn 11:
- Sevilha [9] will have: its own 4 spearman + 3 archers from Faro + 1 newly built archer = 4 archers, 4 spearman.
- Toledo [8] will have: 1 knight + 1 newly built archer.
- Badajoz [4] will have: 12 spearman, 1 knight + 3 newly built archers.
- Send archers from Sevilha [9] to Cordoba [11]: 4 archers + maybe some from Badajoz if they arrive.
But wait, if I send the 3 archers from Faro to Sevilha this turn, they arrive next turn.
If I also build 1 archer in Sevilha this turn, it is ready next turn.
So next turn, Sevilha has 4 archers.
Can I send 4 archers to Cordoba? 4 archers have effective attack 4 * 2 * 1.5 = 12. Defense is 13. 12 < 13, they lose!
I need at least 5 archers to win (5 * 3 = 15 > 13).
So I need 5 archers at Sevilha next turn.
How can I get 5 archers at Sevilha next turn?
- 3 from Faro (arrive next turn).
- 1 built in Sevilha (ready next turn).
- That's 4.
Where can I get the 5th?
- From Badajoz [4]? If I send archers from Badajoz to Sevilha this turn, they will arrive next turn.
Badajoz has 12 spearman, 1 knight. No archers available to send now.
But I can build 3 archers in Badajoz this turn. They are ready next turn.
If I send them to Sevilha [9] this turn? No, they are built this turn, so they can only be sent next turn.
So they will arrive at Sevilha on turn 12.
What about Lisboa [0]? It has no archers available to send now. I can build 3 archers there, ready next turn. Send them to Santarem [1] -> Badajoz [4] -> Sevilha [9]? That's too many turns.
What about Coimbra [3]? No archers available.
So it seems I cannot get 5 archers to attack Cordoba on turn 11.
What if I send the 3 archers from Faro directly to Cordoba [11] this turn?
They arrive on turn 12 (since Faro -> Sevilha -> Cordoba is 2 turns).
And I build 1 archer in Sevilha and 1 in Toledo this turn.
Next turn (turn 11), I send the 1 archer from Sevilha to Cordoba, and the 1 archer from Toledo to Cordoba.
They will arrive on turn 12.
So on turn 12, the 3 archers from Faro, the 1 from Sevilha, and the 1 from Toledo all arrive at Cordoba?
Wait, if I send the 3 archers from Faro to Cordoba this turn, they march via Sevilha. They don't stop at Sevilha because it's mine. They arrive on turn 12.
If I send the 1 archer from Sevilha to Cordoba next turn, it arrives on turn 12.
If I send the 1 archer from Toledo to Cordoba next turn, it arrives on turn 12.
So on turn 12, I will have 3 + 1 + 1 = 5 archers attacking Cordoba!
Let's check the travel times:
- Faro [5] to Cordoba [11]: Faro -> Sevilha -> Cordoba. If it takes 2 medium turns, sending on turn 10 means arrival on turn 12.
- Sevilha [9] to Cordoba [11]: 1 medium turn. Sending on turn 11 means arrival on turn 12.
- Toledo [8] to Cordoba [11]: 1 fast turn. Sending on turn 11 means arrival on turn 12.
This works! All 5 archers arrive on turn 12 and fight together.
Wait, "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
Oh!!! This is crucial!
"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
This means if I send 3 archers from Faro, 1 from Sevilha, and 1 from Toledo, they will arrive on the same turn but fight SEPARATELY, one at a time!
So the first send (e.g., 3 archers) fights the garrison. If it wins, it takes the village, but then the other sends arrive and fight the winner? Or do they fight the garrison one after another?
"each send fights alone, one at a time."
This means I cannot combine them into one big army. They will fight sequentially.
If 3 archers fight first, they lose (9 < 13).
Then the next send (1 archer) fights, loses.
Then the next (1 archer) fights, loses.
So this strategy fails completely! I must send a single army that is strong enough to win on its own, or send multiple armies but they must be able to win sequentially, which is very hard.
Wait, "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up... each send fights alone, one at a time."
But what if I send them from the SAME village?
If I first move all troops to Sevilha [9], and then from Sevilha [9] send them to Cordoba, they will be a single send and fight together!
Yes! "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements."
So if I send the 3 archers from Faro to Sevilha this turn, they arrive next turn and join Sevilha's garrison.
Then next turn, I can send ALL the archers at Sevilha (the 3 from Faro + the 1 built there + any others that arrived) as a SINGLE send to Cordoba!
This is the correct way to do it.
So I need to accumulate enough archers at Sevilha [9] or Toledo [8] first, then launch the attack.

Let's see how many archers I can accumulate at Sevilha [9] by turn 11 (so they can be sent on turn 11 to arrive on turn 12).
Turn 10 (this turn):
- Send 3 archers from Faro [5] to Sevilha [9]. Arrive on turn 11.
- Build 1 archer in Sevilha [9]. Ready on turn 11.
- Can I send archers from other villages to Sevilha this turn?
Let's check which villages can reach Sevilha [9] in 1 turn.
Roads to Sevilha [9]: [4], [5], [11].
So Badajoz [4] can reach Sevilha in 1 turn.
Does Badajoz have archers to send now? No, only spearman and knight.
But I can build archers in Badajoz this turn. They are ready next turn, so they cannot be sent this turn.
What about Coimbra [3]? No archers.
So by turn 11, Sevilha will have:
- 3 archers from Faro (arriving turn 11).
- 1 archer built in Sevilha (ready turn 11).
Total 4 archers.
Is 4 archers enough to beat Cordoba (defense 13)?
Effective attack of 4 archers vs spearman: 4 * 2 * 1.5 = 12.
Defense is 13. 12 < 13, so they lose.
I need 5 archers.
Where can I get the 5th archer to be at Sevilha by turn 11?
What if I build 1 archer in Toledo [8] this turn, and next turn send it to Sevilha [9]?
Toledo [8] to Sevilha [9]: road is [8] -> [4] -> [9] or [8] -> [11] -> [9]?
Road network:
[8] Toledo: [4], [11], [12], [13].
[9] Sevilha: [4], [5], [11].
So Toledo to Sevilha can go via [4] or [11]. But [11] is Cordoba (neutral), so cannot march through it unless it's mine. So must go via [4] Badajoz.
Distance: Toledo [8] -> Badajoz [4] -> Sevilha [9]. That's 2 turns.
So if I build an archer in Toledo this turn, and send it to Sevilha next turn, it will arrive on turn 13. Too late.

What if I build archers in Badajoz [4] this turn (3 archers), and next turn send them to Sevilha [9]?
They arrive on turn 12.
Then on turn 12, I can send them from Sevilha to Cordoba, arriving on turn 13.
This delays the attack to turn 13.
Is that okay? Yes, but I want to conquer Cordoba as soon as possible.
Can I get 5 archers at Sevilha by turn 12?
Turn 10:
- Send 3 archers from Faro to Sevilha. Arrive turn 11.
- Build 1 archer in Sevilha. Ready turn 11.
- Build 3 archers in Badajoz. Ready turn 11.
Turn 11:
- Send the 3 archers from Badajoz to Sevilha. Arrive turn 12.
- Send the 4 archers at Sevilha (3 from Faro + 1 built) to Cordoba? If I send them on turn 11, they arrive on turn 12.
But if I send the 4 archers on turn 11, they fight on turn 12. The 3 from Badajoz arrive on turn 12, so they are not there for the fight on turn 12.
If I wait until turn 12 to send all 7 archers (4 + 3) from Sevilha to Cordoba, they arrive on turn 13.
So the earliest I can attack with 7 archers is turn 13.
The earliest I can attack with 4 archers is turn 12, but 4 archers lose.
So I must wait until turn 13 to attack Cordoba with a large force.

Wait, is there another way to get archers to Sevilha faster?
What about Lisboa [0]? It has no archers available now. But I can build 3 archers there this turn. They are ready next turn.
Lisboa [0] connects to [1] Santarem and [2] Evora.
To reach Sevilha, they have to go Lisboa -> Santarem -> Badajoz -> Sevilha. That's 3 turns. Too slow.
What about Evora [2]? Evora connects to [0] and [5] Faro.
So Evora -> Faro -> Sevilha. 2 turns.
If I build 3 archers in Evora this turn, ready next turn. Send them to Faro on turn 11, arrive on turn 12. Then Faro to Sevilha on turn 13, arrive on turn 14. Too slow.

What about using Toledo [8] as the staging point instead of Sevilha?
Toledo [8] connects to [4], [11], [12], [13].
To attack Cordoba [11], I can send from Toledo [8] (1 turn) or Sevilha [9] (1 turn).
If I use Toledo as the staging point:
Can I get archers to Toledo faster?
Toledo is connected to Badajoz [4] (1 turn), and through Badajoz to Santarem [1], etc.
But Badajoz to Toledo is 1 turn.
If I build 3 archers in Badajoz this turn, ready next turn. Send them to Toledo on turn 11, arrive on turn 12.
Then from Toledo to Cordoba on turn 13, arrive on turn 14.
If I build 1 archer in Toledo this turn, ready next turn. Send it to Cordoba on turn 11, arrive on turn 12. But alone it's weak.
What about Faro [5] to Toledo [8]?
Faro connects to [2], [4], [9].
To reach Toledo, Faro -> Badajoz -> Toledo. 2 turns.
If I send the 3 archers from Faro to Toledo this turn, they arrive on turn 12.
Then on turn 12, I can send them from Toledo to Cordoba, arriving on turn 13.
And I build 1 archer in Toledo this turn, ready next turn. Send it to Cordoba on turn 11, arrive on turn 12.
But again, they are from different villages (Faro and Toledo), so they fight separately on turn 12/13.
To combine them, I must send the Faro archers to Toledo, let them join the garrison, then send them together.
So:
Turn 10: Send 3 archers from Faro to Toledo. Arrive turn 12.
Turn 10: Build 1 archer in Toledo. Ready turn 11.
Turn 11: Send the 1 archer from Toledo to Cordoba? No, wait for the others.
Turn 12: The 3 archers from Faro arrive at Toledo, joining the 1 built archer (total 4). Also build more archers in Badajoz and send them to Toledo?
This seems similar to the Sevilha route.

Let's look at the bigger picture.
I have 11 villages. I need 18.
The neutral villages are Cordoba [11], Madrid [12], Burgos [14], and unexplored ones.
If I conquer Cordoba, Madrid, and Burgos, I will have 14.
Then I need 4 more from the unexplored area. Some of those might be neutral, some enemy.
But to get them, I need to march east.
Cordoba is the gateway to the east (Murcia [15], Valencia [16], etc.).
So conquering Cordoba is the top priority.

Let's calculate the exact travel times from Faro to Sevilha and Toledo.
The report says:
"from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Faro.
This means Faro to Toledo takes 2 slow, 1 medium, 1 fast turns.
Since archers are medium speed, Faro to Toledo takes 1 turn? No, "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means the travel time is 2 turns for slow troops, 1 turn for medium, 1 turn for fast.
So archers (medium) take 1 turn to go from Faro to Toledo?
Wait, if it's 1 medium turn, it means they arrive next turn.
But the road is Faro -> Badajoz -> Toledo. That's two edges. How can it be 1 turn?
Maybe the distances are abstracted into "turns" based on speed.
"march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns"
So the report gives the exact number of turns for each speed.
For Faro to Toledo: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".
This means:
- Slow troops (spearman) take 2 turns.
- Medium troops (archer) take 1 turn.
- Fast troops (knight) take 1 turn.
So archers from Faro can reach Toledo in 1 turn!
Let's verify this.
If Faro to Toledo is 1 medium turn, then Faro to Sevilha is probably also 1 medium turn or less.
And Toledo to Cordoba is "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns", so 1 turn for all speeds.
So if I send archers from Faro to Cordoba directly, it would be Faro -> Sevilha -> Cordoba.
If Faro to Sevilha is 1 turn, and Sevilha to Cordoba is 1 turn, total 2 turns.
But if I send them to Sevilha, they arrive in 1 turn.
Let's assume the report's march distances are accurate.
For Faro [5], the nearest border village is Toledo [8], distance "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".
So medium troops take 1 turn to reach Toledo.
For Sevilha [9], the nearest border village is Toledo [8], distance "2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" (from the text: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns").
So Sevilha to Toledo is 2 medium turns.
But Sevilha to Cordoba [11] is a border village? Cordoba is neutral, not a border village of Sevilha? Sevilha borders Cordoba.
The text says: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" for Sevilha.
This is the distance to Toledo, not Cordoba.
But Cordoba is connected to Sevilha directly. The distance to Cordoba might be shorter.
However, the report doesn't give the distance to Cordoba from Sevilha, only to Toledo.
But since Cordoba is a border village (neutral), the distance to Cordoba is probably the same as to Toledo, or shorter.
Let's look at the road network:
[9] Sevilha: [4], [5], [11].
[8] Toledo: [4], [11], [12], [13].
So both connect to [4] and [11].
Sevilha to Toledo via [4] is [9] -> [4] -> [8].
Sevilha to Cordoba is [9] -> [11].
So Cordoba is closer than Toledo.
If Toledo is "2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" from Sevilha, Cordoba is probably "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" or similar.
Let's assume Sevilha to Cordoba is 1 turn for medium troops.
Then Faro to Sevilha is probably 1 turn (since Faro connects to Sevilha directly).
So Faro to Cordoba via Sevilha is 2 turns for medium troops.

Let's plan the attack on Cordoba [11] using Sevilha [9] as the staging point.
I want to gather 6 archers at Sevilha, then send them to Cordoba.
To get 6 archers at Sevilha:
- Existing at Faro: 3 archers. Send them to Sevilha this turn. Arrive next turn (turn 11).
- Build 1 archer in Sevilha this turn. Ready next turn.
- Build 3 archers in Badajoz this turn. Ready next turn. Send them to Sevilha next turn (turn 11). Arrive on turn 12.
So on turn 12, Sevilha will have 3 (from Faro) + 1 (built) + 3 (from Badajoz) = 7 archers.
Then on turn 12, I send 7 archers from Sevilha to Cordoba. They arrive on turn 13.
On turn 13, 7 archers attack Cordoba. Effective attack = 7 * 2 * 1.5 = 21. Defense is 13. Easy win.
This seems like a solid plan.

But can I do it faster?
What if I send the 3 archers from Faro to Cordoba directly this turn?
They arrive on turn 12 (2 turns).
And I build 1 archer in Sevilha and 1 in Toledo this turn.
Next turn, I send the 1 from Sevilha to Cordoba (arrives turn 13) and the 1 from Toledo to Cordoba (arrives turn 12? Toledo to Cordoba is 1 turn, so sending on turn 11 arrives on turn 12).
But they fight separately.
What if I send the 3 archers from Faro to Sevilha this turn (arrive turn 11).
And I build 1 archer in Sevilha (ready turn 11).
And I send the 1 knight from Toledo to Sevilha? No, knight is not useful.
What if I build 1 archer in Toledo, and next turn send it to Sevilha? Toledo to Sevilha via Badajoz is 2 turns. Arrives turn 13. Too slow.

So the fastest way to get a combined force of archers to Cordoba is:
Turn 10: Send 3 archers from Faro to Sevilha. Build archers in Sevilha (1), Badajoz (3), Toledo (1), and other places for later.
Turn 11: Send the 3 archers from Badajoz to Sevilha. (They arrive turn 12).
Turn 12: Send all archers from Sevilha (7) to Cordoba. Arrive turn 13.
Turn 13: Attack Cordoba with 7 archers. Win.

Is there any threat I need to defend against?
"enemy army marching toward [13] Teruel, arrives in 1 turn"
This means the enemy is reinforcing Teruel.
Teruel is bordering Toledo [8].
If the enemy attacks Toledo, I need to defend it.
Toledo's effective defense is 3 (with the knight). That's very weak!
Wait, "effective defense (location bonus included): 3 | troops at home: 1 / 300"
Toledo has only 1 knight at home, defense 3. This is extremely vulnerable!
If the enemy attacks Toledo, they will easily take it.
I must reinforce Toledo!
How can I reinforce Toledo?
I can send troops from Badajoz [4] to Toledo [8]. Badajoz has 12 spearman, 1 knight.
Distance from Badajoz to Toledo: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" (from Badajoz text: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns").
So I can send spearman from Badajoz to Toledo in 1 turn.
If I send them this turn, they arrive next turn and join Toledo's garrison.
This will increase Toledo's defense significantly.
Let's check Badajoz's available troops: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 12 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight (attack power if all sent: 16)".
If I send, say, 6 spearman to Toledo, they arrive next turn.
Toledo's defense will become: 1 knight + 6 spearman.
Defense of knight: 2. Defense of spearman: 2. In a village, defense x1.25.
Effective defense of 1 knight + 6 spearman: (1*2 + 6*2) * 1.25 = 14 * 1.25 = 17.5, rounded to 18.
This is much better than 3!
So I should definitely send spearman from Badajoz to Toledo to defend it.
How many should I send? I have 12 spearman. If I send 8, defense becomes (1*2 + 8*2) * 1.25 = 22.5 -> 23.
But I also need troops to attack Cordoba. However, Cordoba is a neutral village, so it's not an immediate threat. Defending Toledo from the enemy is more urgent because the enemy is right there at Teruel and might attack.
Wait, the enemy army is marching TOWARD Teruel, arriving in 1 turn. This means the enemy army is not at Teruel yet, but will arrive next turn.
So the enemy is not attacking Toledo this turn. They are moving to Teruel.
But next turn, they could attack Toledo.
So reinforcing Toledo for next turn is a good idea.

Let's look at the other border village: Vigo [10] borders Burgos [14] (neutral). No enemy border.
Salamanca [7] borders Madrid [12] (neutral). No enemy border.
So Toledo [8] is my only enemy border!
I must defend Toledo.
Also, I should build archers in Toledo to increase its offensive power, but defense is more important now.
Wait, if I build archers in Toledo, they also add to defense. Archer defense is 2.
But building archers costs iron, and I have limited iron in Toledo (20). I can only build 1 archer.
Sending spearman from Badajoz is free (they are already built) and adds defense.

Let's plan the orders for this turn:

1. Defend Toledo:
Send spearman from Badajoz [4] to Toledo [8].
How many? Let's send 8 spearman. Badajoz has 12, so 8 is fine.
Wait, Badajoz's defense is 33. If I send 8, it will drop, but Badajoz is interior (no enemy border), so it's safe.
Let's send 8 spearman from Badajoz [4] to Toledo [8].
Also, send the 1 knight from Badajoz? Knight is fast, defense 2. But knight is more valuable for offense. Let's keep the knight in Badajoz for now, or send it to Toledo for defense. Defense of knight is 2, same as spearman, but knight costs much more to build. So keep the knight.
Actually, sending the knight to Toledo increases defense by 2 (before bonus). It might be useful if the enemy sends knights. But spearman are cheaper and faster to produce. Let's just send spearman.

2. Build archers for the Cordoba attack:
- Build 1 archer in Sevilha [9].
- Build 3 archers in Badajoz [4]. (Badajoz has wood 60, iron 80. 3 archers cost 60 wood, 30 iron. Yes.)
- Build 1 archer in Toledo [8]. (Toledo has wood 30, iron 20. 1 archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. Yes.)
- Build 3 archers in Faro [5]. (Faro has wood 60, iron 100. 3 archers cost 60 wood, 30 iron. Yes.)
- Build 3 archers in Lisboa [0]. (Lisboa has wood 60, iron 110. 3 archers cost 60 wood, 30 iron. Yes.)
- Build 3 archers in Santarem [1]. (Santarem has wood 60, iron 130. 3 archers cost 60 wood, 30 iron. Yes.)
- Build 3 archers in Evora [2]. (Evora has wood 60, iron 130. 3 archers cost 60 wood, 30 iron. Yes.)
- Build 3 archers in Coimbra [3]. (Coimbra has wood 60, iron 100. 3 archers cost 60 wood, 30 iron. Yes.)
- Build 3 archers in Porto [6]. (Porto has wood 60, iron 80. 3 archers cost 60 wood, 30 iron. Yes.)
- Build 2 archers in Salamanca [7]. (Salamanca has wood 60, iron 40. 2 archers cost 40 wood, 20 iron. Yes.)
- Build 1 archer in Vigo [10]. (Vigo has wood 30, iron 20. 1 archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. Yes.)
Wait, do I need to build archers in ALL these villages?
Building archers everywhere will give me a huge number of archers next turn.
But I need to move them to the front.
The front is Sevilha [9] and Toledo [8].
Villages that can reach Sevilha in 1 turn: Badajoz [4], Faro [5].
Villages that can reach Toledo in 1 turn: Badajoz [4].
So archers built in Badajoz can go to Sevilha or Toledo.
Archers built in Faro can go to Sevilha.
Archers built in Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, Coimbra, Porto, Salamanca, Vigo are far from the front. They will take many turns to reach Sevilha/Toledo.
Maybe I should only build archers in the villages close to the front, to avoid wasting turns moving them?
But resources are produced every turn, and if I don't build them, the resources are just stored.
Actually, building them close to the front is better.
Let's focus on building archers in:
- Sevilha [9] (1 archer)
- Badajoz [4] (3 archers)
- Faro [5] (3 archers)
- Toledo [8] (1 archer)
- Salamanca [7] (2 archers) - Salamanca is close to Madrid [12], which is another front. But for now, Cordoba is the target.
- Vigo [10] (1 archer) - close to Burgos [14].
What about Coimbra [3]? It's on the way to Salamanca/Porto. Not directly on the front.
But building them there and moving them is okay if I have a plan to move them later.
However, to keep it simple and efficient, let's build archers in the key villages:
Sevilha, Badajoz, Faro, Toledo, Salamanca, Vigo.
And maybe Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, Coimbra, Porto as a second wave.
But since orders are simultaneous, I can just build them all now. It doesn't hurt to have more archers, as long as I can move them.
Wait, if I build archers in Lisboa, they will be at Lisboa next turn. I can then send them to Santarem, then Badajoz, then Sevilha. It will take 3 turns. By the time they arrive, the Cordoba battle might be over.
But I will need to conquer other villages later (Madrid, Burgos, etc.), so having archers in reserve is good.
Let's build archers in all villages that can afford them, to maximize my army size.
But I must be careful not to leave my other villages undefended. However, only Toledo is on the enemy border. The other villages are interior or border neutral.
So building archers everywhere is fine.

Let's refine the movement orders:
- Send 3 archers from Faro [5] to Sevilha [9]. (To combine with Sevilha's archers for Cordoba).
- Send 8 spearman from Badajoz [4] to Toledo [8]. (To defend Toledo).
- Send the 1 knight from Toledo [8]? No, keep it there for defense.
- Should I send the 4 spearman from Sevilha [9] somewhere? No, keep them in Sevilha for defense. Sevilha borders Cordoba (neutral), so it's safe for now.
- Should I send the 7 spearman from Vigo [10] somewhere? Keep them for defense of Vigo/Burgos front.

Wait, what about the enemy army marching to Teruel?
"enemy army marching toward [13] Teruel, arrives in 1 turn"
This means next turn, Teruel will have a large army.
If I don't attack Teruel, they might attack Toledo next turn or the turn after.
So reinforcing Toledo is critical.
By sending 8 spearman from Badajoz to Toledo, Toledo's garrison becomes 1 knight + 8 spearman + whatever is built there (1 archer next turn).
This is a decent defense.

Let's check the resources after building:
- Sevilha [9]: wood 30 -> 10, iron 20 -> 10. (Builds 1 archer).
- Badajoz [4]: wood 60 -> 0, iron 80 -> 50. (Builds 3 archers).
- Faro [5]: wood 60 -> 0, iron 100 -> 70. (Builds 3 archers).
- Toledo [8]: wood 30 -> 10, iron 20 -> 10. (Builds 1 archer).
- Salamanca [7]: wood 60 -> 20, iron 40 -> 20. (Builds 2 archers).
- Vigo [10]: wood 30 -> 10, iron 20 -> 10. (Builds 1 archer).
- Lisboa [0]: wood 60 -> 0, iron 110 -> 80. (Builds 3 archers).
- Santarem [1]: wood 60 -> 0, iron 130 -> 100. (Builds 3 archers).
- Evora [2]: wood 60 -> 0, iron 130 -> 100. (Builds 3 archers).
- Coimbra [3]: wood 60 -> 0, iron 100 -> 70. (Builds 3 archers).
- Porto [6]: wood 60 -> 0, iron 80 -> 50. (Builds 3 archers).

Total archers built: 1+3+3+1+2+1+3+3+3+3+3 = 26 archers.
This is a massive number of archers.
Next turn, I will have 26 newly built archers + 4 existing archers (3 in Faro, 1 in Porto) = 30 archers!
But they are scattered.
I need to start moving them towards the front.
But for this turn, I can only issue movement orders for EXISTING troops (the 4 archers, the spearman, etc.).
The newly built archers can only be moved next turn.
So for this turn's movements:
- Move 3 archers from Faro [5] to Sevilha [9].
- Move 8 spearman from Badajoz [4] to Toledo [8].
- Move the 1 archer from Porto [6] to Vigo [10] (to prepare for Burgos front).
- Move the 4 spearman from Sevilha [9]? No, keep them.
- Move the 7 spearman from Vigo [10]? No, keep them.
- Move the 2 spearman from Evora [2]? No.
- Move the 2 spearman from Coimbra [3]? No.
- Move the 6 spearman from Santarem [1]? No.
- Move the 2 spearman from Lisboa [0]? No.
- Move the 4 spearman from Porto [6]? No.
- Move the 1 knight from Badajoz [4]? No, keep it for now.
- Move the 1 knight from Toledo [8]? No, keep it for defense.
- Move the 1 knight from Faro [5]? No, keep it.
- Move the 1 knight from Porto [6]? No, keep it.

Let's double check the available troops to send from each village:
- Lisboa [0]: 2 spearman, 1 knight. (No archers).
- Santarem [1]: 6 spearman.
- Evora [2]: 2 spearman.
- Coimbra [3]: 2 spearman.
- Badajoz [4]: 12 spearman, 1 knight.
- Faro [5]: 6 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight.
- Porto [6]: 4 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
- Salamanca [7]: 0.
- Toledo [8]: 1 knight.
- Vigo [10]: 7 spearman.
- Sevilha [9]: 4 spearman.

So the movements I planned are valid:
- From Faro [5]: send 3 archer. (Faroo has 3 archer available).
- From Badajoz [4]: send 8 spearman. (Badajoz has 12 spearman available).
- From Porto [6]: send 1 archer. (Porto has 1 archer available).

Wait, should I send the 1 archer from Porto to Vigo?
Porto [6] connects to Vigo [10] via road [6] -> [10].
Distance: probably 1 or 2 turns.
If I send it to Vigo, it will reinforce Vigo for the Burgos attack.
But Burgos is neutral, not an immediate threat. The enemy is at Teruel/Barcelona.
So maybe I should send the Porto archer towards the Toledo/Sevilha front instead?
Porto [6] connects to [3] Coimbra, [7] Salamanca, [10] Vigo.
To reach Sevilha, Porto -> Coimbra -> Santarem -> Badajoz -> Sevilha. That's 4 turns.
To reach Toledo, Porto -> Salamanca -> Madrid -> Toledo? Or Porto -> Coimbra -> Santarem -> Badajoz -> Toledo. 4 turns.
So it's too far to be useful for the Cordoba attack.
It's better to send it to Vigo to prepare for the northern front (Burgos -> Madrid).
Or just keep it in Porto for now.
Actually, sending it to Vigo is a good idea to start building up the northern front.
But let's check if Vigo is threatened. Vigo borders Burgos [14] (neutral). No enemy nearby.
So it's safe to leave the archer in Porto and build more there.
But moving it to Vigo starts the buildup for Burgos.
Let's send the 1 archer from Porto [6] to Vigo [10].

Let's review the plan.
The plan is to conquer Cordoba [11] by turn 13 using a large force of archers gathered at Sevilha [9].
In parallel, reinforce Toledo [8] against enemy counterattack by sending spearman from Badajoz [4].
Also, build archers everywhere to prepare for subsequent attacks on Madrid [12], Burgos [14], and the eastern villages.

Let's write down the JSON.

Build orders:
I will build archers in:
- Lisboa [0]: 3 archers
- Santarem [1]: 3 archers
- Evora [2]: 3 archers
- Coimbra [3]: 3 archers
- Badajoz [4]: 3 archers
- Faro [5]: 3 archers
- Porto [6]: 3 archers
- Salamanca [7]: 2 archers
- Toledo [8]: 1 archer
- Vigo [10]: 1 archer
- Sevilha [9]: 1 archer

Wait, can I build 3 archers in Coimbra?
Coimbra has wood 60, iron 100. 3 archers cost 60 wood, 30 iron. Yes.
Can I build 3 archers in Porto?
Porto has wood 60, iron 80. 3 archers cost 60 wood, 30 iron. Yes.
Can I build 3 archers in Santarem?
Santarem has wood 60, iron 130. Yes.
Can I build 3 archers in Evora?
Evora has wood 60, iron 130. Yes.
Can I build 3 archers in Lisboa?
Lisboa has wood 60, iron 110. Yes.
Can I build 3 archers in Faro?
Faro has wood 60, iron 100. Yes.
Can I build 3 archers in Badajoz?
Badajoz has wood 60, iron 80. Yes.
Can I build 2 archers in Salamanca?
Salamanca has wood 60, iron 40. 2 archers cost 40 wood, 20 iron. Yes.
Can I build 1 archer in Toledo?
Toledo has wood 30, iron 20. 1 archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. Yes.
Can I build 1 archer in Vigo?
Vigo has wood 30, iron 20. Yes.
Can I build 1 archer in Sevilha?
Sevilha has wood 30, iron 20. Yes.

Total wood cost: 3*20*6 (Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, Coimbra, Badajoz, Faro, Porto) = 360 wood.
But each village has its own wood. Let's check:
Lisboa: 60 (exactly 3)
Santarem: 60 (exactly 3)
Evora: 60 (exactly 3)
Coimbra: 60 (exactly 3)
Badajoz: 60 (exactly 3)
Faro: 60 (exactly 3)
Porto: 60 (exactly 3)
Salamanca: 60 (can build 3, but only 2 due to iron). Wood for 2 is 40.
Toledo: 30 (can build 1). Wood 20.
Vigo: 30 (can build 1). Wood 20.
Sevilha: 30 (can build 1). Wood 20.
Total wood used: 60*7 + 40 + 20 + 20 + 20 = 420 + 100 = 520 wood.
All villages have enough wood.

Total iron cost:
Lisboa: 30 (has 110)
Santarem: 30 (has 130)
Evora: 30 (has 130)
Coimbra: 30 (has 100)
Badajoz: 30 (has 80)
Faro: 30 (has 100)
Porto: 30 (has 80)
Salamanca: 20 (has 40)
Toledo: 10 (has 20)
Vigo: 10 (has 20)
Sevilha: 10 (has 20)
Total iron used: 30*7 + 20 + 10*3 = 210 + 50 = 260 iron.
All villages have enough iron.

So the build orders are valid.

Movement orders:
1. From Badajoz [4] to Toledo [8]: 8 spearman.
2. From Faro [5] to Sevilha [9]: 3 archers.
3. From Porto [6] to Vigo [10]: 1 archer.

Let's check if there are any other movements I should make.
What about the 1 knight in Toledo? Keep it.
What about the 2 knights in Faro? Keep them for now, they can be used for offense later.
What about the 1 knight in Badajoz? Keep it.
What about the 1 knight in Porto? Keep it.

Let's write the plan and statement.

Plan:
"Focus on conquering Cordoba [11] by gathering archers at Sevilha [9]. Send existing archers from Faro to Sevilha. Build archers in all villages, especially Badajoz, Sevilha, Toledo. Reinforce Toledo [8] with spearman from Badajoz to defend against enemy counterattack from Teruel. Attack Cordoba next turn or the turn after with combined archers."

Statement:
"This turn, I am reinforcing my border at Toledo by sending spearmen from Badajoz, anticipating enemy movement from Teruel. I am also sending my existing archers from Faro to Sevilha to prepare an attack on the neutral village of Cordoba. I have ordered the construction of archers across my entire territory to build a powerful ranged force for the coming campaigns."

Let's check the JSON format.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 3, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 4, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 5, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 6, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 7, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 8, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 9, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 10, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 4, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 8}},
    {"fromId": 5, "toId": 9, "troops": {"archer": 3}},
    {"fromId": 6, "toId": 10, "troops": {"archer": 1}}
  ],
  "plan": "...",
  "statement": "..."
}

Wait, let's double check the village IDs.
Lisboa: 0
Santarem: 1
Evora: 2
Coimbra: 3
Badajoz: 4
Faro: 5
Porto: 6
Salamanca: 7
Toledo: 8
Sevilha: 9
Vigo: 10
Yes, IDs are correct.

Let's review the troop counts for movements.
Badajoz [4] has 12 spearman available. Sending 8 is fine.
Faro [5] has 3 archers available. Sending 3 is fine.
Porto [6] has 1 archer available. Sending 1 is fine.

Is there any reason NOT to build archers in all these villages?
Maybe I should save some resources for next turn's builds?
But resources are produced every turn, and the cap is 300 troops per village.
Building now gives me more troops next turn, which I can then move.
It's always good to build as much as possible, as long as I can afford it.
The only downside is if I need the resources for something else next turn.
But next turn, I will have the production from all villages, plus the remaining resources.
Since I am building archers, which cost wood and iron, I am using up the stored resources.
But the villages produce 30 wood and 20 iron per turn.
So next turn, they will have more resources to build more troops.
It's a snowball effect. Building now is better.

Let's check if I should build spearman instead of archers in some places?
Toledo is under threat of enemy attack. The enemy has Teruel with knights, archers, spearmen.
If the enemy attacks Toledo, they might send knights. Spearman counter knights!
So having spearman in Toledo is good for defense.
I am sending 8 spearman from Badajoz to Toledo. This is good.
Should I build spearman in Toledo instead of archers?
Toledo has wood 30, iron 20.
Spearman costs 15 wood, 0 iron.
I can build 2 spearman in Toledo (costs 30 wood).
Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. I can build 1 archer.
Which is better for defense?
2 spearman: defense 2 each, total 4. With village bonus x1.25 = 5.
1 archer: defense 2. With village bonus x1.25 = 2.5.
So 2 spearman give more defense.
But archers are useful for offense later.
Since I am sending 8 spearman to Toledo, its defense will be high enough.
Building 1 archer in Toledo adds to the offensive power for Cordoba.
So building the archer is fine.

What about Sevilha [9]?
Sevilha has 4 spearman. It borders Cordoba (neutral).
If Cordoba is neutral, it won't attack me.
So Sevilha is safe.
Building 1 archer in Sevilha is good for the Cordoba attack.

What about Vigo [10]?
Vigo borders Burgos (neutral). Safe.
Building 1 archer is good for the Burgos attack.

What about Salamanca [7]?
Salamanca borders Madrid (neutral). Safe.
Building 2 archers is good for the Madrid attack.

So the build orders seem optimal.

Let's write the final JSON.
I will make sure the plan and statement are concise and in English.

Plan: "Reinforce Toledo with spearman from Badajoz to defend against enemy counterattack. Send archers from Faro to Sevilha to prepare for the attack on Cordoba. Build archers in all villages to build up a large ranged army for future campaigns. Next turn, gather archers at Sevilha and attack Cordoba."

Statement: "I am reinforcing my eastern border at Toledo by moving spearmen from Badajoz, while sending my existing archers to Sevilha to prepare for the conquest of Cordoba. I have ordered the construction of archers across my realm to field a powerful army."

Let's check the character limits.
"plan": 2 to 4 lines, past 600 characters is cut off. My plan is around 300 characters. Fine.
"statement": 2 to 4 lines. Fine.

Let's do a final check of the JSON syntax.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 3, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 4, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 5, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 6, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 7, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 8, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 9, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 10, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 4, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 8}},
    {"fromId": 5, "toId": 9, "troops": {"archer": 3}},
    {"fromId": 6, "toId": 10, "troops": {"archer": 1}}
  ],
  "plan": "Reinforce Toledo with spearman from Badajoz to defend against enemy counterattack. Send archers from Faro to Sevilha to prepare for the attack on Cordoba. Build archers in all villages to build up a large ranged army for future campaigns. Next turn, gather archers at Sevilha and attack Cordoba.",
  "statement": "I am reinforcing my eastern border at Toledo by moving spearmen from Badajoz, while sending my existing archers to Sevilha to prepare for the conquest of Cordoba. I have ordered the construction of archers across my realm to field a powerful army."
}

Looks good. I will output only the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"arqueiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":4,"destinoId":8,"tropas":{"lanceiro":8}},{"origemId":5,"destinoId":9,"tropas":{"arqueiro":3}},{"origemId":6,"destinoId":10,"tropas":{"arqueiro":1}}]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [3]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [3]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [3]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [4]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [4]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [4]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [6]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [6]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [6]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [7]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [7]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [8]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [9]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [10]
ACEITO envio [4]->[8]: 8S
ACEITO envio [5]->[9]: 3A
ACEITO envio [6]->[10]: 1A
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Reinforce Toledo with spearman from Badajoz to defend against enemy counterattack. Send archers from Faro to Sevilha to prepare for the attack on Cordoba. Build archers in all villages to build up a large ranged army for future campaigns. Next turn, gather archers at Sevilha and attack Cordoba.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): I am reinforcing my eastern border at Toledo by moving spearmen from Badajoz, while sending my existing archers to Sevilha to prepare for the conquest of Cordoba. I have ordered the construction of archers across my realm to field a powerful army.
########## TURNO 10 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3481 | resposta 7540 | raciocinio 7540 | finish content_filter | ms 117487
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B in a strategy game. I need to analyze the current state and provide a JSON response with build orders, movement orders, a plan, and a statement.

Current state (Turn 10):
- I hold 8 of 24 villages (need 18 for 2 consecutive turns to win, or eliminate all enemy villages).
- Enemy is King A. Their capital is Lisboa [0], but taking it is not required. Their village Toledo [8] is enemy, currently has 1 knight, effective defense 3.
- My villages:
  - Barcelona [22]: 2 spearman, defense 6
  - Tarragona [21]: 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight, defense 8
  - Girona [23]: 1 knight, defense 3
  - Castellon [18]: 2 spearman (2 marching out), defense 5
  - Zaragoza [17]: 11 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight, defense 35
  - Huesca [20]: 4 spearman, defense 10
  - Valencia [16]: 2 spearman, defense 5
  - Teruel [13]: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight, defense 18
- Neutral villages I can see:
  - Madrid [12]: 5 archers, defense 13
  - Murcia [15]: 5 knights, defense 13
  - Pamplona [19]: 5 knights, defense 13
- Enemy village: Toledo [8]: 1 knight, defense 3
- Unexplored: Burgos [14], Salamanca [7], Cordoba [11], Badajoz [4], Porto [6], Vigo [10], Coimbra [3], Sevilha [9], Faro [5], Santarem [1], Lisboa [0], Evora [2]

Road network is provided.

Current armies on march:
- 2 spearmen from Castellon [18] to Teruel [13], arriving in 1 turn.

Last turn actions:
- Attacked Teruel with 2 spearman, 2 archer, 4 knights (effective force 33 vs defense 10): Victory, lost 1 troop, 7 troops stay as garrison. (Wait, the report says "You attacked [13] Teruel with 2 spearmen, 2 archers, 4 knights... VICTORY, conquered. You lost 1 troop; 7 troops stay there as its new garrison." But Teruel is now mine, and it has 7 troops at home. The available troops there are 2 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. That matches 7 troops.)

Reinforcements arrived:
- 1 spearman, 1 archer at Tarragona
- 2 spearmen, 2 knights at Zaragoza
- 2 spearmen at Huesca
- 4 spearmen at Zaragoza

My previous plan: "Consolidate our eastern holdings and prepare for the assault on Madrid. We are moving troops from Tarragona and Huesca to Zaragoza to form a powerful strike force. We are building spearman and knights across all capable villages to replenish our ranks and prepare for the push into the unexplored west after securing the neutral villages."

Current assessment:
- I need 10 more villages to reach 18. I have 8.
- The enemy is to the west (Toledo, and beyond that Lisboa). Neutral villages are Madrid, Murcia, Pamplona.
- I need to expand. Madrid is a strong neutral village with 5 archers and defense 13. Taking it would give me a village, but it's hard.
- Toledo is weak (defense 3, 1 knight). Taking it would give me a village and push me closer to the enemy capital, but it's not required.
- I have a large army at Zaragoza (14 troops). Teruel has 7 troops.
- I need to build more troops. My villages have resources.
  - Barcelona: wood 30, iron 50. Can build 2 spearman (cost 15 wood, 0 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Wait, it has 2 spearman available. It can build more. Wood 30, iron 50. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Can build 1 knight. Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. Can build 1 archer. Spearman costs 15 wood. Can build 2 spearman.
  - Tarragona: wood 30, iron 70. Can build 2 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knights (cost 30 wood each, so only 1 knight because wood is 30). Wait, wood 30, so only 1 knight or 2 spearman or 1 archer.
  - Girona: wood 30, iron 70. Can build 1 knight or 2 spearman or 1 archer.
  - Castellon: wood 30, iron 80. Can build 2 spearman or 1 archer or 1 knight.
  - Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Cannot build knight (needs 30 wood, 30 iron).
  - Huesca: wood 30, iron 40. Can build 2 spearman or 1 archer or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
  - Valencia: wood 30, iron 40. Can build 2 spearman or 1 archer or 1 knight.
  - Teruel: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build anything. It just produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn, but it says wood 0 (+30/turn), iron 0 (+20/turn). So it starts with 0, but will produce. It cannot build this turn because it has 0 resources. Wait, "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." So Teruel cannot build this turn.

Let's check the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" for each village. This is the troops currently at home.
- Barcelona: 2 spearman
- Tarragona: 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight
- Girona: 1 knight
- Castellon: 2 spearman (already marching 2 spearmen, so total is 4? Wait, "troops at home: 2 / 300. AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. already marching out (NOT available): 2 spearmen". So it has 4 spearman total, 2 at home, 2 marching.)
- Zaragoza: 11 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight
- Huesca: 4 spearman
- Valencia: 2 spearman
- Teruel: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight

Movement options:
- Attack Madrid [12] from Zaragoza [17]. Madrid has 5 archers, defense 13. My force: 11 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. Effective force: Spearman attack 1, archer 2, knight 4. Most numerous: spearman (11). Counter: spearman vs knight? No, enemy is archers. Spearman counters knight, archer counters spearman, knight counters archer. Enemy is archers, so knight counters archer. My most numerous is spearman, so no counter bonus from my side? Wait, "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup". My most numerous is spearman. Enemy most numerous is archer. Archer counters spearman. So the enemy gets a 1.5x multiplier to their whole army? No, "Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5". So if enemy archers counter my spearmen, my whole army gets x1.5? No, "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counts spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5". So the attacker gets the counter bonus if their most numerous type counters the defender's most numerous type. If I attack with spearman-heavy army against archer-heavy defender, my spearman do NOT counter archers; archers counter spearman. So I do NOT get the bonus. The defender gets the bonus? "Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5". It says "your WHOLE army", meaning the side that has the counter. So if I attack with spearman and defender has archer, the defender has the counter (archer counters spearman), so the defender's force is multiplied by 1.5. That makes sense.

Let's calculate attack on Madrid:
My army: 11 spearman (attack 1), 1 archer (attack 2), 2 knight (attack 4). Total attack = 11*1 + 1*2 + 2*4 = 11 + 2 + 8 = 21.
Enemy: 5 archers (defense 2). Location bonus: village defense x1.25. Effective defense is already given as 13. Wait, "effective defense (location bonus included): 13". So I don't need to calculate it. Enemy force = 5 archers. Defense is 2 each, but effective defense is 13. So defender force is 13.
Wait, "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins." How is effective force calculated? "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs." So my effective force is my total attack = 21. Defender's effective force is their total defense, which is already given as 13 (including location bonus). But wait, the counter bonus multiplies the WHOLE army's force by 1.5. If the defender has the counter (archer counters spearman), their effective force becomes 13 * 1.5 = 19.5. My force is 21. 21 > 19.5, so I win. But it's close. "A tie favors the DEFENDER." So I need to be sure.
If I add more troops, I can increase my attack. I can send from Tarragona (1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight) to Zaragoza, then from Zaragoza to Madrid. But movement takes time. Tarragona to Zaragoza: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. Zaragoza to Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So sending from Tarragona would take 3 turns to arrive at Madrid. I could send from Zaragoza directly.
Can I send from Huesca? Huesca to Zaragoza: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. Then to Madrid. Or Huesca to Pamplona? Huesca faces Pamplona [19]. March from Huesca to Pamplona: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Pamplona has 5 knights, defense 13. If I attack Pamplona with 4 spearman, my attack is 4. Enemy defense is 13 (effective). I lose badly.
What about Valencia to Murcia? Valencia has 2 spearman. Murcia has 5 knights, defense 13. Attack 2 vs 13. Lose.
What about Teruel to Toledo? Teruel has 2 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. Attack = 2*1 + 2*2 + 3*4 = 2+4+12 = 18. Enemy Toledo has 1 knight, defense 3 (effective). My most numerous is spearman (2), enemy is knight (1). Spearman counters knight! So I get the counter bonus. My force = 18 * 1.5 = 27. Enemy force = 3. I win easily. And I would conquer Toledo, which is an enemy village. That would bring me to 9 villages. But the enemy capital is Lisboa, and I don't need to take it. Taking Toledo is good because it's an enemy village, and it's weak.
Wait, "The enemy capital is the hardest single target on the map; taking it is NOT required to win. The same holds for YOUR capital: losing it does not lose the game and has no special effect - a capital is a village with a bigger defense bonus." So taking Toledo is a good move.

But I need 18 villages. I have 8. Taking Toledo makes 9. I need 9 more. The unexplored area has many villages. I need to explore and conquer them.
Neutral villages: Madrid (12), Murcia (15), Pamplona (19). That's 3. Enemy villages: Toledo (8), and likely others in the unexplored area (Cordoba, Sevilha, Badajoz, etc.). The enemy capital is Lisboa, but there are other enemy villages.
I need to plan my expansion.

Current front:
- Zaragoza faces Madrid (neutral) and Pamplona (neutral).
- Huesca faces Pamplona.
- Valencia faces Murcia (neutral).
- Teruel faces Toledo (enemy).

I should attack Toledo now because it's weak and it's an enemy village. I can send all troops from Teruel to attack Toledo? Wait, Teruel is my village, and I can send troops from it to attack Toledo. But if I send all troops, Teruel will be undefended. However, Teruel is a border village, but it's not interior. If I leave it empty, an enemy could attack it. But the enemy is far away (Toledo is the only enemy I see, and it's weak). Also, I have troops in Zaragoza that could reinforce Teruel if needed. But orders are simultaneous. If I send all from Teruel to attack Toledo, and the enemy sends nothing, I conquer Toledo. The surviving attackers stay there as garrison. So Teruel would be empty, but it's my village, so it's still mine. An empty village is still mine, but it has no defense. However, the enemy doesn't have an army near it (only Toledo, which is the target). So it's safe for now.
But wait, I have 2 spearmen marching from Castellon to Teruel, arriving in 1 turn. So next turn, Teruel will have those 2 spearmen plus whatever I leave there. If I send all 7 troops from Teruel to attack Toledo, Teruel will have 0 troops at home, but the 2 from Castellon will arrive next turn, giving it 2 spearmen. That's a small garrison. But Toledo's defense is 3, so even 2 spearmen could defend against a small attack. But the enemy might not attack.

Actually, I should send a strong army to attack Toledo. From Teruel: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. Attack 18, with counter (spearman vs knight) = 27. Defense 3. I win. I will lose troops: "The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types". Loser is defender with effective force 3. Half is 1.5. So I lose troops worth 1.5 effective force. My army has attack 18. Loser's effective force is 3. Half is 1.5. The loser is destroyed entirely (the 1 knight dies). The winner loses troops worth half of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types. That amount does not depend on the winner's size. So I lose 1.5 "force". How is it spread? "spread over its troop types". Probably it removes troops proportionally. My army has 2 spearman (attack 2), 2 archer (attack 4), 3 knight (attack 12). Total attack 18. Loser's effective force is 3. Half is 1.5. I need to lose 1.5 attack worth of troops. It might round or distribute. Probably it removes some troops. I might lose 1 spearman or 1 archer, or something. But it's a cheap victory.
However, if I send all 7 troops, Teruel is left with 0. The 2 spearmen from Castellon arrive next turn. So Teruel will have 2 spearmen. That's okay.

But I also need to build troops. I have many villages with resources. I should build as many troops as possible to grow my army.
Let's check resources and build capacities:
- Barcelona: wood 30, iron 50. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). I have 2 spearman at home. I can build 1 knight and have 10 iron left, but wood would be 0. Or build 2 spearman and have 0 wood, 50 iron. Or build 1 archer and have 10 wood, 40 iron. Best to build 1 knight because it's a strong unit, and I have iron. But I need to consider my army composition. I have many spearman. I need more knights and archers. But knights are expensive. Let's see what I can build.
- Tarragona: wood 30, iron 70. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> wood 0, iron 40. Or 2 spearman (30 wood) -> wood 0, iron 70. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> wood 10, iron 60. Or 1 knight + 1 archer? 30+20=50 wood, not enough. So only 1 knight or 2 spearman or 1 archer.
- Girona: wood 30, iron 70. Same as Tarragona.
- Castellon: wood 30, iron 80. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> wood 0, iron 50. Or 2 spearman (30 wood) -> wood 0, iron 80. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> wood 10, iron 70.
- Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) -> wood 0, iron 20. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> wood 10, iron 10. Cannot build knight (needs 30 wood, 30 iron).
- Huesca: wood 30, iron 40. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> wood 0, iron 10. Or 2 spearman (30 wood) -> wood 0, iron 40. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> wood 10, iron 30.
- Valencia: wood 30, iron 40. Same as Huesca.
- Teruel: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.

I should build troops that make my army more balanced. I have 24 spearman, 4 archer, 7 knight total (including marching). I need more archers and knights to counter enemy knights and archers. But I also need numbers.
Since I need to conquer many villages, I should build as many troops as possible each turn.
Let's plan builds:
- Barcelona: build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Leaves 0 wood, 20 iron.
- Tarragona: build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Leaves 0 wood, 40 iron.
- Girona: build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Leaves 0 wood, 40 iron.
- Castellon: build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Leaves 0 wood, 50 iron. (But Castellon already has 2 spearman marching out, and 2 at home. Building a knight is fine.)
- Zaragoza: build 2 spearman (30 wood). Leaves 0 wood, 20 iron. Or build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Leaves 10 wood, 10 iron. I think 2 spearman is better for numbers, but I need iron for other things. Actually, Zaragoza has iron 20, so it can't build a knight anyway. 2 spearman is good.
- Huesca: build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Leaves 0 wood, 10 iron. Or 2 spearman. I think knight is better because it's fast and strong.
- Valencia: build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Leaves 0 wood, 10 iron. Or 2 spearman. Knight is better.
Wait, I have many wood (30 per village). If I build knights, I use 30 wood and 30 iron. I have enough iron in most villages. But I need to be careful: if I build all knights, I use up all wood, and next turn I have no wood to build more. But each village produces 30 wood per turn, so next turn they will have 30 wood again. So it's fine to spend it all.
But I also need to consider that I need troops to send. If I build knights, they take 1 turn to build, and then I can send them. They are fast, so they can march quickly.
However, I have a lot of spearman already. Maybe I should build more archers and knights to diversify. But spearman are cheap and I need numbers to hold villages. Actually, I need to attack neutral villages with strong defenses. Madrid has 5 archers, defense 13. If I attack with spearman, they get countered. If I attack with knights, they counter archers. So I should build knights to attack Madrid.
Let's check: Madrid has 5 archers. My most numerous type should be knight to get the counter bonus. If I send knights, they counter archers, so my force is x1.5. If I send spearman, archers counter spearman, so defender gets x1.5. So I should send knights or archers against Madrid. But archers vs archers is a tie in counter, so no bonus. Knights vs archers gives me the bonus.
So I should build knights and send them to attack Madrid.
But I also need to attack Pamplona (5 knights). Against knights, I should send spearman (spearman counters knight). So I need spearman for Pamplona.
And Murcia (5 knights) - spearman.
Toledo (1 knight) - spearman or archer or knight. Spearman counters knight, so spearman is good.
So I need a mix.

Let's decide on the immediate moves for this turn.

Turn 10 actions:
1. Attack Toledo [8] from Teruel [13]. Send all available troops from Teruel: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. Attack power 18, with counter (spearman vs knight) = 27. Defense 3. Easy win. Conquer Toledo. This gives me my 9th village.
2. Build troops in all capable villages.
   - Barcelona: 1 knight
   - Tarragona: 1 knight
   - Girona: 1 knight
   - Castellon: 1 knight
   - Zaragoza: 2 spearman (since it has 30 wood, 20 iron, can't build knight)
   - Huesca: 1 knight
   - Valencia: 1 knight
   Wait, I need to check if I have enough iron. Let's sum iron:
   Barcelona: 50 iron. Build knight uses 30 -> 20 left.
   Tarragona: 70 iron. Build knight uses 30 -> 40 left.
   Girona: 70 iron. Build knight uses 30 -> 40 left.
   Castellon: 80 iron. Build knight uses 30 -> 50 left.
   Zaragoza: 20 iron. Build 2 spearman uses 0 iron -> 20 left.
   Huesca: 40 iron. Build knight uses 30 -> 10 left.
   Valencia: 40 iron. Build knight uses 30 -> 10 left.
   Total iron used: 30*6 = 180 iron. I have 50+70+70+80+20+40+40 = 370 iron. So I have plenty.
   Wood: each has 30, so 7*30 = 210 wood. Knights use 30 each, so 6 knights use 180 wood. Zaragoza uses 30 wood for 2 spearman. Total wood used: 210. Exactly enough.
   So I can build 6 knights and 2 spearman.
3. Movement: I need to start moving troops to attack Madrid and other neutrals. But I can only move from villages I have. I should move troops from the rear to the front.
   - From Tarragona [21] to Zaragoza [17]: send 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. They will take 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. But I need them at the front. Zaragoza is my main strike force.
   - From Girona [23] to Huesca [20]: send 1 knight. Takes 2 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns? Wait, Girona to Huesca: road is Girona [23] - Huesca [20] via [20] and [23] are connected? Road network: [23] Girona: [20], [22]. So Girona connects directly to Huesca. March from Girona to Huesca: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns" - that was for Girona to Teruel. But Girona to Huesca is closer. Let's check the road: [23] Girona connects to [20] Huesca. So it's a direct road. The report says for Girona: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns". It doesn't give the distance to Huesca. But Huesca is also a front village. I can send the knight from Girona to Huesca to reinforce it. The distance is probably shorter. I'll assume it's 1 or 2 turns. But I don't have the exact march time from Girona to Huesca. The report only gives march times to the nearest border village. For Girona, the nearest border village is Teruel, but it also faces Pamplona via Huesca. Actually, the FRONT MAP says: "[20] Huesca with 4 troops at home faces: [19] Pamplona". And Girona is interior, nearest front village is Huesca. So I can send from Girona to Huesca. The march time is not explicitly given, but I can infer from the road network. Girona to Huesca is a direct road. Since it's not a border village, it might be 1 turn? I'll check the pattern: Valencia to Teruel is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Zaragoza to Teruel is 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Girona to Teruel is 3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns. So Girona to Huesca is probably 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns or something. But I don't need to specify the exact time in the order; I just order the movement.
   - From Barcelona [22] to Tarragona [21] or Zaragoza [17]. Barcelona is interior, nearest front is Zaragoza. But I can send to Tarragona first, then to Zaragoza, or directly to Zaragoza. Road: Barcelona [22] connects to [21] Tarragona and [23] Girona. To get to Zaragoza, it goes through Tarragona. So I can send from Barcelona to Tarragona, and then they can go to Zaragoza. But it's better to send directly to Zaragoza if possible. The road network: [22] Barcelona - [21] Tarragona - [17] Zaragoza. So I can order from Barcelona to Zaragoza, and they will march along the road, passing through Tarragona (which is mine, so they pass freely). The report says: "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So I can send from Barcelona directly to Zaragoza. The march time would be Barcelona to Tarragona (1 turn?) plus Tarragona to Zaragoza (2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns). But the report doesn't give Barcelona's march times. It only gives "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" for Barcelona? Wait, for Barcelona it says: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So Barcelona to Teruel is 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast. Teruel is the border village. But Zaragoza is also a front village. Actually, Barcelona's nearest border village is Teruel? The road goes Barcelona - Tarragona - Zaragoza - Teruel. So Barcelona to Teruel is 3 slow turns. So Barcelona to Zaragoza is probably 2 slow turns, and to Tarragona is 1 slow turn. I can send from Barcelona to Zaragoza.
   But I need to be careful: I have limited troops. I should send troops to where they are needed. The immediate goal is to attack Madrid from Zaragoza. So I should concentrate troops in Zaragoza. I can send from Tarragona, Girona, Barcelona to Zaragoza. Also from Huesca to Zaragoza? Huesca is on the front, but it faces Pamplona. I might want to keep Huesca's troops for defense or attack Pamplona. But I can send some to Zaragoza.
   However, I also need to attack Pamplona and Murcia. I have fronts on three sides: Zaragoza (Madrid, Pamplona), Huesca (Pamplona), Valencia (Murcia). I need to decide which to attack first.
   Madrid is the closest neutral, and it's an archer village. If I take it, I get a village and open up the road to the west (Burgos, Salamanca, etc.). Pamplona is also a knight village, and it's connected to Burgos and the unexplored west. Murcia is connected to Cordoba and the south.
   I think Madrid is a good first target because it's an archer village, and I can build knights to counter them. Also, taking Madrid opens the road to Burgos [14], which is unexplored, and from there to Vigo, Porto, etc. That's a path to the enemy's rear.
   But I need to have a strong army. Zaragoza has 14 troops (11 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight). That's not enough against 5 archers with defense 13. I calculated my attack as 21, defender effective force 19.5 with counter, so I win but barely. I should reinforce Zaragoza first.
   I can send from Tarragona (1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight) to Zaragoza. That adds 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. New Zaragoza army: 12 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. Attack = 12*1 + 2*2 + 3*4 = 12+4+12 = 28. Most numerous: spearman. Enemy: archer. Defender gets counter (archer counts spearman), so defender force = 13 * 1.5 = 19.5. My force = 28. 28 > 19.5, so I win with a larger margin. But I still lose troops. "The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force". Loser's effective force is 13 (or 19.5? Wait, "effective defense (location bonus included): 13". That's the defense value. The counter multiplies the force, but the "effective force" in the combat is the defense value times the counter? The rules: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER." And "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle... Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5". So the defender's effective force is their defense sum, multiplied by 1.5 if they have the counter. The "effective defense" in the report is the defense sum including location bonus. So for Madrid, effective defense is 13. That's the base. If they have the counter, their effective force is 13 * 1.5 = 19.5. The loser is the defender, so they lose all troops (since they are destroyed entirely). The winner loses troops worth half of the loser's effective force. The loser's effective force is 19.5? Or is it 13? "The LOSER is destroyed entirely - this includes an attacker that fails against a village. The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force". The loser's effective force is what they had in the fight. If the defender had the counter, their effective force is 19.5. So the winner loses half of 19.5 = 9.75, spread over troop types. That's a significant loss. My army has 28 attack. I would lose about 10 attack worth of troops. That might be 10 spearman, or 5 knights, etc. It's a Pyrrhic victory. But I would conquer Madrid, which is worth it.
   However, I can wait and build more troops first. I have 6 knights building this turn. They will be ready next turn. I can send them to Zaragoza to increase my attack. Knights have attack 4. If I add 6 knights, my attack increases by 24, and my most numerous type might become knight if I have more knights than spearman. Currently Zaragoza has 11 spearman. If I add 6 knights, I have 11 spearman, 7 knight (if I include the 2 already there and the 1 from Tarragona). Wait, I have 2 knights in Zaragoza, 1 in Tarragona, and I'm building 6 more. Next turn, if I send the new knights to Zaragoza, I could have 2+1+6 = 9 knights. Still less than 11 spearman. So spearman remains most numerous. To make knights most numerous, I need more than 11 knights. I don't have that many. But I can also send archers. If I send archers, they don't counter anything against archers. But if I send a mix where knights are the most numerous, I get the counter bonus against Madrid's archers. That would multiply my whole force by 1.5. That's a big boost.
   Let's calculate: if I have 12 knights and 10 spearman, knights are most numerous. Knight counts archer? Knight counters archer. So I get x1.5. My attack would be 12*4 + 10*1 = 48+10=58. x1.5 = 87. Defender is 13. I win easily with minimal losses.
   So I should aim to have a knight-heavy army for attacking Madrid.
   But building knights takes time and resources. I can build 6 knights this turn. Next turn, I can build more. I need to gather them.
   Alternatively, I can attack Madrid with the troops I have, but I might suffer heavy losses. It might be better to attack a weaker target first to build up. Toledo is weak. I should attack Toledo now, get it, and then focus on Madrid.
   Also, I have the option to attack Pamplona or Murcia. Pamplona has 5 knights. Against knights, I should use spearman. Spearman counters knight. If I attack with spearman-heavy army, I get x1.5. My spearman attack is 1 each. If I have 20 spearman, attack 20, x1.5 = 30. Defense 13. I win. But I need to gather spearman. I have many spearman already. Zaragoza has 11 spearman. If I send them to Pamplona, I need to get them there. Zaragoza to Pamplona: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. That's 2 turns for slow. So it takes 2 turns to march. During that time, I can build more.
   But Pamplona is connected to Huesca as well. Huesca has 4 spearman. I could attack from Huesca or Zaragoza.
   Let's think about the overall strategy. I need 18 villages. I have 8. The map has 24 total. Enemy has at least Toledo, and likely several in the unexplored west (Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, Coimbra, Porto, Vigo, Salamanca, Badajoz, Cordoba, Sevilha, Faro). That's 11 unexplored villages, plus Toledo, plus Madrid, Pamplona, Murcia are neutral. So total villages: 8 mine + 3 neutral + 1 enemy known + 12 unexplored = 24. The enemy probably has about 12 villages (including capital). I need to conquer 10 more to reach 18. That means I need to conquer most of the neutral and enemy villages. It's a long war.
   I should focus on one front at a time. The eastern front (Teruel/Toledo) is the closest enemy village. Taking it secures my flank and gives me a village. Then I can push west through the unexplored area. The road from Toledo goes to Badajoz [4], Cordoba [11], Sevilha [9], etc. That's a rich area.
   Alternatively, I can go through Madrid to Burgos, then to Vigo, Porto, etc. That's another route.
   I think taking Toledo is the easiest and most beneficial immediate move. It's a weak village, and it's enemy, so it directly reduces the enemy's territory.
   So for this turn:
   - Attack Toledo from Teruel with all available troops.
   - Build troops in all other villages.
   - Start moving troops from the rear to the front to prepare for the next attacks.
   Specifically, I want to move troops to Zaragoza to prepare for Madrid, and to Huesca/Valencia for other fronts.
   But I also need to consider that if I send all troops from Teruel to attack Toledo, Teruel will be empty. The 2 spearmen from Castellon are marching there and will arrive next turn. So Teruel will have 2 spearmen. That's a weak defense. But the enemy is unlikely to attack it immediately because they are on the other side of Toledo. However, if the enemy has troops in Toledo (they have 1 knight), they might attack Teruel? But I'm
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
COMBATE [13] Teruel: atacante B Fatk=22 (ef 33) Fdef=8 (ef 10) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~3
REFORCO [21] Tarragona dono B: 1S+1A
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 2S+2K
REFORCO [20] Huesca dono B: 2S
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 4S
placar: A 11 ald/tropas 43 | B 8 ald/tropas 35 | neutras 5 | transito 4 (A 3 | B 1)

########## TURNO 11 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3138 | resposta 17592 | raciocinio 17592 | finish content_filter | ms 295131
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: We need to output a JSON object with build, movements, plan, statement.
We are King A. We have 11 villages, need to hold 18 of 24 for 2 consecutive turns to win, or eliminate every enemy village. Currently hold 11. Enemy capital is Barcelona (22), unknown garrison. Enemy has at least Teruel (13) with 4 spearmen, 2 archers, 3 knights. Neutral villages: Cordoba (11) 5 spearmen, Madrid (12) 5 archers, Burgos (14) 5 spearmen. Unexplored: 15-23.

We need to decide orders for this turn (turn 11). We have no armies marching. We have resources and troops at home.

Let's analyze our situation. We need to expand. The enemy is to the east (Teruel, etc.). We have Toledo (8) as border village with enemy. We have neutral villages nearby: Cordoba (11) from Toledo (1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn), Madrid (12) from Salamanca (7) or Toledo, Burgos (14) from Vigo (10). We can attack neutrals to gain villages and troops. We need to build troops.

We have 81 soldiers at home: 45 spearman, 30 archer, 6 knight. Available to send: many. But we need to consider travel times and enemy movements.

Enemy has Teruel with 4 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. They might attack Toledo or other border. We need to defend Toledo. Toledo has 10 troops at home: 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Effective defense 25 (location bonus included). That's decent but could be reinforced.

Our plan from last turn: "Reinforce Toledo with spearman from Badajoz to defend against enemy counterattack. Send archers from Faro to Sevilha to prepare for the attack on Cordoba. Build archers in all villages to build up a large ranged army for future campaigns. Next turn, gather archers at Sevilha and attack Cordoba."

But we are now at turn 11, and we have no marching armies. So we need to issue new orders. The note says "Next turn, gather archers at Sevilha and attack Cordoba." So we should probably do that. But we need to check if we have any armies already marching? The report says "ARMIES ON THE MARCH: YOURS: none". So we are starting fresh.

We need to decide builds and movements.

Let's list our villages and what they can build.

Villages:
0 Lisboa: wood 30, iron 100. Troops: 6/300 (6 spearman? Actually "troops at home: 6 / 300" but available to send: 2 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. So total 6. So it has 2 spear, 3 arch, 1 knight. It can build more. Resources: wood 30, iron 100. Can build spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) -> 2 max? Actually wood 30 can build 2 spearman (30 wood). Iron 100 can support many archers/knights. But we need to consider cap of 300. Currently 6, so can build many.
1 Santarem: wood 30, iron 120. Troops: 9 (6 spear, 3 arch, 0 knight). Available: 6 spear, 3 arch. Can build more.
2 Evora: wood 30, iron 120. Troops: 5 (2 spear, 3 arch). Available: 2 spear, 3 arch.
3 Coimbra: wood 30, iron 90. Troops: 5 (2 spear, 3 arch). Available: 2 spear, 3 arch.
4 Badajoz: wood 30, iron 70. Troops: 8 (4 spear, 3 arch, 1 knight). Available: 4 spear, 3 arch, 1 knight.
5 Faro: wood 30, iron 90. Troops: 11 (6 spear, 3 arch, 2 knight). Available: 6 spear, 3 arch, 2 knight.
6 Porto: wood 30, iron 70. Troops: 8 (4 spear, 3 arch, 1 knight). Available: 4 spear, 3 arch, 1 knight.
7 Salamanca: wood 50, iron 40. Troops: 2 (0 spear, 2 arch, 0 knight). Available: 0 spear, 2 arch. Can build more? Wood 50, iron 40. Can build spearman (15 wood) -> 3 max? 3*15=45 wood. Or archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 2 archers = 20 wood, 20 iron, leaving 30 wood, 20 iron. Or knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 1 knight = 30 wood, 30 iron, leaving 20 wood, 10 iron. But we need to consider what we want.
8 Toledo: wood 40, iron 30. Troops: 10 (8 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight). Available: 8 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight. Can build more? Wood 40, iron 30. Can build 2 spear (30 wood) or 1 arch (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) but iron 30, so 1 knight uses all iron, leaving 10 wood. Or combination.
9 Sevilha: wood 40, iron 30. Troops: 8 (4 spear, 4 arch, 0 knight). Available: 4 spear, 4 arch.
10 Vigo: wood 40, iron 30. Troops: 9 (7 spear, 2 arch, 0 knight). Available: 7 spear, 2 arch.

We need to decide builds and movements. Since we want to attack Cordoba (11) which is neutral with 5 spearmen, effective defense 13. We can attack from Toledo (8) or Sevilha (9). Toledo is 1 turn away (slow/medium/fast). Sevilha is connected to Cordoba via road? Let's check road network: Cordoba (11) connects to [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia. So we can attack from either. Sevilha is also 1 turn away? The report says march from [8] Toledo to Cordoba: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns. From Sevilha? Not listed, but since it's connected, probably similar. But we need to check travel times. The report only gives distances from our nearest village. For Cordoba, it says march from [8] Toledo: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns. So from Toledo it's 1 turn for any speed. From Sevilha, it might be similar. But we can also attack from Toledo.

We need to gather troops. We can send troops from other villages to Sevilha or Toledo to launch attack. But movements take turns. If we send from Faro to Sevilha, it takes 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns according to Faro's "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". Actually that's to Toledo. To Sevilha? Sevilha is connected to Faro via road? Check: Faro (5) connects to [2], [4], [9]. So Faro to Sevilha (9) is direct. Distance? Not given, but likely 1 or 2 turns. We need to estimate. The report gives distances from each village to its nearest border village (Toledo). But we can infer from road network. Since we have no armies marching, we need to plan.

Alternatively, we can attack Cordoba directly from Toledo by sending troops from Toledo and nearby villages. Toledo has 10 troops, we can reinforce from Badajoz (4) which is 1 turn away (1 slow/1 medium/1 fast). Or from Salamanca (7) which is 1 turn to Madrid, but to Toledo? Salamanca connects to [3], [4], [6], [12]. Toledo connects to [4], [11], [12], [13]. So Salamanca to Toledo via Madrid? Or via Badajoz? Road: Salamanca (7) - [4] Badajoz? Actually 7 connects to 4? Yes, [7] Salamanca: [3], [4], [6], [12]. So 7 to 4 is direct. 4 Badajoz connects to [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. So 7 to 4 to 8. That's two edges. Or 7 to 12 Madrid to 8 Toledo. Also two edges. So travel time likely 2 turns for slow. But we need to consider that we can send troops from multiple villages to Toledo, but they will arrive at different times and fight separately. We want to attack Cordoba with a strong force. Since Cordoba has 5 spearmen, defense 13. We need to defeat it. Effective defense 13 is not huge. Our attack power: if we send, say, 10 spearmen, they have attack 1 each, but defense of Cordoba is 13 (including location bonus). Actually effective defense is 13, which is the number we compare against our effective attack. The combat rules: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins." Effective force is probably attack * number? Actually it says: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs." So if we attack with spearmen, each has attack 1. So total attack = number of spearmen. Defender's effective defense is given (13). So we need total attack > 13 to win? But ties favor defender. So we need at least 14 attack to win outright? Actually if attack > defense, we win. If equal, defender wins. So we need attack >= 14 to win. But we also have archers and knights. Archer attack 2, knight attack 4. And counter triangle: if we have more of a type that counters defender's type, we get 1.5x multiplier. Defender is 5 spearmen. Spearmen are countered by archers. So if our most numerous type is archer, we get 1.5x multiplier. That could help. Also, we can mix types.

But we also need to consider that we can send troops from multiple villages, but they fight separately. So we should send a single army from one village to attack Cordoba. We can gather troops at Toledo or Sevilha and then attack. But gathering takes turns. We can also build troops at Toledo and attack immediately.

Let's think about the enemy. They have Teruel with 4 spear, 2 arch, 3 knight. They might attack us. Our border village Toledo has defense 25. That's quite high. But if they attack, they will send troops. We need to be ready. We can reinforce Toledo.

Our goal: win by holding 18 villages. We have 11. We need 7 more. Neutral villages: Cordoba (11), Madrid (12), Burgos (14). Also unexplored ones might be neutral or enemy. Enemy has at least Teruel (13) and Barcelona (22) and others. We need to expand.

Let's plan for this turn: We should build troops, especially archers because they counter spearmen and are useful. We also need to defend Toledo. We can send some troops to Toledo to reinforce. Also, we can send troops to Sevilha to prepare for attack on Cordoba. But we need to decide which village will lead the attack. Since Cordoba is connected to Toledo and Sevilha, we can attack from either. Toledo is closer to our interior, but Sevilha is also close. Let's check distances: from Toledo to Cordoba is 1 turn. From Sevilha to Cordoba? Not given, but since they are connected, likely 1 turn as well. We can attack from Toledo using troops from Toledo and reinforcements from Badajoz (1 turn) and Salamanca (2 turns?). But if we send from Badajoz to Toledo, they arrive in 1 turn, so they would be there next turn. Then we can attack Cordoba the following turn. But we need to consider that the enemy might do something.

Alternatively, we can attack Cordoba directly from Sevilha by sending troops from Faro and other coastal villages. But Sevilha currently has 8 troops (4 spear, 4 arch). We can reinforce it from Faro (5) which has 11 troops. Faro to Sevilha: road direct? Faro (5) connects to [2], [4], [9]. So 5 to 9 is direct. Distance? Not given. But from Faro's info: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That's to Toledo, not Sevilha. Sevilha might be closer. We can estimate: since Faro is in the south, Sevilha is also south. Probably 1 or 2 turns. We can check other villages: Badajoz (4) to Sevilha (9): Badajoz connects to [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. So 4 to 9 is direct. Distance? Badajoz's nearest border is Toledo: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So Badajoz to Toledo is 1 turn. Badajoz to Sevilha might be similar. So we can send from Badajoz to Sevilha in 1 turn. From Faro to Sevilha might be 1 turn as well? Faro to Badajoz is via 4? Actually Faro (5) connects to [4] Badajoz. So 5 to 4 to 9. That's two edges. So likely 2 turns for slow. But we need exact travel times. The report doesn't give all distances. We only have distances from each village to its nearest border village (Toledo). We can use those as a reference. For example, from Faro to Toledo is 2 slow turns. Toledo is north of Faro. Sevilha is west of Faro? Actually looking at road network: Faro (5) connects to Evora (2), Badajoz (4), Sevilha (9). So it's directly connected to Sevilha. So distance might be 1 turn. But we don't know for sure. In these games, usually the distance in roads is the number of edges. So if directly connected, it's 1 turn for fast, maybe 2 for slow? Actually the travel time is given as "X slow / Y medium / Z fast turns". For a direct connection, it might be 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast? Or maybe 2 slow? We need to infer from given data. For Toledo to Cordoba: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That's one edge. For Badajoz to Toledo: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". Badajoz to Toledo is one edge? Badajoz (4) connects to [8] Toledo directly. So yes, one edge = 1 turn for all speeds? Actually it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns", meaning slow troops take 1 turn, medium 1 turn, fast 1 turn. So for one edge, all take 1 turn. For two edges, slow might take 2 turns, medium 1? Wait, from Faro to Toledo: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That's two edges? Faro to Toledo: Faro (5) to Badajoz (4) to Toledo (8) is two edges. Or maybe Faro to Evora to ... Actually road: Faro (5) connects to [2] Evora, [4] Badajoz, [9] Sevilha. Toledo (8) connects to [4] Badajoz, [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel. So from Faro to Toledo, the shortest path is Faro -> Badajoz -> Toledo (2 edges). So 2 edges = 2 slow turns, 1 medium? Actually medium speed might cover 2 edges in 1 turn? The report says "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So medium and fast can do 2 edges in 1 turn? That seems odd. Usually, speed determines how many edges per turn. Slow: 1 edge per turn. Medium: 2 edges per turn? Fast: 3 edges per turn? But here for 2 edges, slow takes 2 turns, medium takes 1 turn, fast takes 1 turn. So medium and fast are faster. So for a direct connection (1 edge), all take 1 turn. For 2 edges, slow takes 2, medium 1, fast 1. So we can use that.

Thus, to know travel time from village A to B, we need to count the shortest path edges. We can compute for our planned movements.

Let's list all villages and their connections to compute distances.

We have road network:
0 Lisboa: [1], [2]
1 Santarem: [0], [3], [4]
2 Evora: [0], [5]
3 Coimbra: [1], [6], [7]
4 Badajoz: [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]
5 Faro: [2], [4], [9]
6 Porto: [3], [7], [10]
7 Salamanca: [3], [4], [6], [12]
8 Toledo: [4], [11], [12], [13]
9 Sevilha: [4], [5], [11]
10 Vigo: [6], [14]
11 Cordoba: [8], [9], [15]
12 Madrid: [7], [8], [14], [17]
13 Teruel: [8], [16], [17], [18]
14 Burgos: [10], [12], [19]
15 Murcia: [11], [16]
16 Valencia: [13], [15], [18]
17 Zaragoza: [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]
18 Castellon: [13], [16], [21]
19 Pamplona: [14], [17], [20]
20 Huesca: [17], [19], [23]
21 Tarragona: [17], [18], [22]
22 Barcelona: [21], [23]
23 Girona: [20], [22]

We can compute shortest path edges between our villages and targets.

We want to attack Cordoba (11). It is connected to 8 and 9. So we can attack from Toledo (8) or Sevilha (9). Both are 1 edge away. So if we send troops from Toledo to Cordoba, it's 1 turn for all speeds. From Sevilha, also 1 edge? Sevilha (9) connects to [4], [5], [11]. So 9 to 11 is direct, 1 edge. So 1 turn.

Now, we need to gather troops at the attacking village. We can send troops from other villages to Toledo or Sevilha. They will march and arrive after some turns. Then on the turn they arrive, they can be used to attack? Actually, orders are simultaneous. If we send troops from A to B, they will march and arrive on a future turn. On the turn they arrive, they are at B. Then on that same turn, we can order them to attack? No, because orders are written simultaneously for the turn. So if we send troops from A to B, they will be on the march during the turn. They cannot also attack in the same turn. We need to plan a sequence. Since we have no armies marching now, we can send troops this turn. They will arrive next turn (or later). Then on the next turn, we can order them to attack. So we need to decide: do we attack Cordoba next turn or in two turns?

We can also build troops at Toledo or Sevilha directly. Building takes 1 turn, and the troops are ready at the end of the turn? The rules: "ready in 1 turn." So if we order a build, the troops are available next turn. So we can build at Toledo and use them next turn to attack. But we also have existing troops at Toledo. We can send them to attack Cordoba this turn? Actually, if we send them to attack Cordoba this turn, they will march and arrive next turn? Wait: "Each troop type has a speed: spearman (slow), archer (medium), knight (fast). Marching takes turns." If we order an attack from Toledo to Cordoba, the troops will leave Toledo and march to Cordoba. Since it's 1 turn away, they will arrive next turn and fight. So the attack happens on the next turn. So if we attack this turn, the battle is next turn. That gives the enemy a turn to react. But the enemy also writes orders simultaneously. So they might send reinforcements to Cordoba or attack us elsewhere.

We need to consider the enemy's possible moves. They have Teruel (13) with troops. They might attack Toledo or other border villages. They could also reinforce Cordoba? Cordoba is neutral, so they can't directly reinforce it unless they move through it? They could attack Cordoba themselves. But they might not, since it's neutral. They might focus on their own expansion.

Given we need to win, we should be aggressive. Let's plan to attack Cordoba. We can send a strong force from Toledo and/or Sevilha. But we need to decide which village to use. Toledo is our border village, so it's a good staging point. We can send reinforcements to Toledo from nearby villages this turn, so they arrive next turn, and then next turn we can attack Cordoba with the combined force. But wait: if we send reinforcements to Toledo this turn, they will march and arrive next turn. On next turn, we can order them to attack Cordoba? But if we order them to attack Cordoba next turn, they will march from Toledo to Cordoba (1 turn) and fight the turn after. So the attack would be on turn 13. That's a long time. Alternatively, we can send troops from Toledo to attack Cordoba this turn, and also send reinforcements to Toledo this turn to defend it. But the troops we send to attack Cordoba will leave Toledo, reducing its defense. That might invite enemy attack. So we need to balance.

Maybe we can attack Cordoba directly from Sevilha, which is not the border, so less likely to be attacked. But Sevilha is interior, but it's connected to Cordoba. We can send troops from Sevilha to attack Cordoba this turn. They will arrive next turn and fight. Meanwhile, we can reinforce Toledo to defend against enemy counterattack.

Let's check Sevilha's current troops: 4 spear, 4 arch. Effective attack if all sent: 12 (4*1 + 4*2 = 12). Cordoba defense 13. So 12 vs 13, we lose (tie goes to defender). So we need more. We can send additional troops from other villages to Sevilha to join the attack? But they would need to arrive at Sevilha first. If we send from Faro to Sevilha this turn, they arrive next turn. Then next turn we can send them from Sevilha to Cordoba? That would be turn 12 send to Sevilha, turn 13 they arrive at Sevilha, turn 14 they attack Cordoba. That's slow. Alternatively, we can send troops from Faro directly to Cordoba? But Faro is not connected to Cordoba directly. The road: Faro (5) to Sevilha (9) to Cordoba (11). So if we send from Faro to Cordoba, they will march along roads. They will go Faro -> Sevilha -> Cordoba. But the rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So if we send from Faro to Cordoba, they will stop at Sevilha because Sevilha is ours? Actually Sevilha is ours, so they will pass through? The rule says: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". Since Sevilha is ours, they will not stop; they will continue. But wait: "You cannot march past an enemy or neutral village to hit one behind it." Sevilha is ours, so they can pass through. But do they stop at Sevilha to join garrison? The rule: "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So if we order them to go to Cordoba, they will just march through Sevilha? Actually, they will follow the road. They will pass through Sevilha but not stop unless we order them to stop there. The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours". So if all villages on the path are ours, they don't stop. But if there is a neutral or enemy, they stop. So from Faro to Cordoba, the path is Faro (ours) -> Sevilha (ours) -> Cordoba (neutral). So they will march from Faro, pass through Sevilha, and then reach Cordoba. They will not stop at Sevilha because it's ours. So they will go directly to Cordoba and fight there. However, travel time: Faro to Cordoba is two edges: Faro-Sevilha, Sevilha-Corda. So distance: 2 edges. For slow troops, that's 2 turns; medium 1 turn; fast 1 turn. So if we send a mixed army, it moves at slowest speed. If we send spearmen (slow), it takes 2 turns. So they would arrive turn 13. If we send archers (medium), they might take 1 turn? Actually from the Faro info: to Toledo (2 edges) takes 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. So for 2 edges, medium takes 1 turn, fast 1 turn. So archers and knights would take 1 turn to reach Cordoba from Faro? Wait, that's if the path is 2 edges. But is the path from Faro to Cordoba exactly 2 edges? Faro (5) to Sevilha (9) is 1 edge, Sevilha to Cordoba (11) is 1 edge, total 2. So yes. So if we send archers from Faro, they would take 1 turn? Actually medium speed: 1 turn for 2 edges? That seems fast. But according to the given example: "from Faro to Toledo: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So for a 2-edge journey, medium takes 1 turn, fast takes 1 turn. So archers and knights can cross 2 edges in 1 turn. Spearmen take 2 turns. So we could send archers from Faro to Cordoba and they would arrive next turn and fight. But we need to consider that they will fight at Cordoba. However, we must also consider that we can only send troops that are available now. Faro has 6 spear, 3 arch, 2 knight. If we send the 3 archers, they have attack 2 each, total 6. Not enough to beat defense 13. We could send knights as well: 2 knights attack 4 each = 8, total 14 with archers? But knights are fast, so they would also take 1 turn. So we could send 3 archers + 2 knights = attack 3*2 + 2*4 = 6+8=14. That's >13, so we would win. But we need to consider counter: Cordoba has 5 spearmen. Our most numerous type? We have 3 archers, 2 knights. Most numerous is archers (3). Archers counter spearmen, so we get 1.5x multiplier? Wait, the counter rule: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So if we have archers and the defender has spearmen, archers counter spearmen, so our archers get 1.5x? Actually it says: "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't specify which part. Probably the effective attack of the countering type is multiplied by 1.5. But we need to read carefully: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So if our most numerous type is archer, and defender's most numerous is spearman, then archer counters spearman, so we get a bonus. The bonus multiplies our force by 1.5. What is "our force"? Likely the total effective attack. So if we have 3 archers (attack 6) and 2 knights (attack 8), total 14. With 1.5x, effective attack = 21. That would crush defense 13. But we need to confirm the rule. It says: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs." Then "Counter triangle... Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So our force is sum of attacks, multiplied by 1.5 if we have counter. So yes, 14 * 1.5 = 21. So we would win easily. But we must also consider that the defender's effective defense is already given as 13, which includes location bonus. So we just compare our effective attack (after counter) to that number. So 21 > 13, win.

But we need to send troops from Faro. However, Faro is not the only source. We could also send from other villages. But we need to decide which troops to send where.

Also, we need to consider that if we send all archers and knights from Faro, Faro's defense becomes weak. But Faro is interior, no enemy border. So probably safe.

But we also need to consider that the enemy might attack. They have Teruel with 4 spear, 2 arch, 3 knight. They could attack Toledo or other border. Our Toledo has 10 troops, defense 25. If they attack, they would likely lose. But we should reinforce Toledo just in case.

Let's think about our overall strategy. We need 18 villages. We have 11. We can take Cordoba (11), Madrid (12), Burgos (14). That would give us 14. Then we need 4 more from unexplored. The unexplored villages are likely neutral or enemy. The enemy capital is Barcelona (22). There are many villages in the east. We need to expand eastward. But we need to be careful not to overextend.

This turn, we should probably do the following:
- Build troops in our villages to increase our army. We have many resources. We should build archers and knights because they are more powerful, but they cost iron. We have iron in many villages. We can build archers in villages with iron, and knights where we have lots of iron.
- Send reinforcements to Toledo to defend the border.
- Send an attack force to Cordoba to capture it.

But we need to decide which village will attack Cordoba. We can use Sevilha or Toledo. If we use Toledo, we need to send troops from Toledo to Cordoba. But Toledo is our border; if we send troops away, it becomes weaker. We could send some troops from Toledo to attack, and also send reinforcements to Toledo from elsewhere to replace them. But since orders are simultaneous, if we send troops from Toledo to Cordoba, and also send reinforcements to Toledo, the reinforcements will arrive next turn, while the troops leave this turn. So Toledo's garrison will be reduced during the march. That might be risky if the enemy attacks Toledo this turn. They would see our troops leave? Actually, orders are simultaneous, so the enemy writes orders based on the current snapshot. They see Toledo with 10 troops. If we order those troops to march, they will still be there at the start of the turn? The rules: "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." So the enemy sees the current state, with 10 troops at Toledo. They don't know our orders. So if they decide to attack Toledo, they will send troops. Our troops that we send to Cordoba will march at the same time as the enemy's troops march. The enemy's troops will arrive at Toledo after some turns. Our troops will arrive at Cordoba after some turns. So if we send troops from Toledo to Cordoba, Toledo's defense will be reduced only after our troops leave. But do they leave immediately? The marching takes turns. At the start of the turn, the troops are at Toledo. They begin marching. During the turn, they are on the road. By the end of the turn, they are gone. The enemy's troops also march. If the enemy attacks Toledo, they will arrive at Toledo after some turns. If our troops leave this turn, Toledo will have fewer troops for the next turns. But if the enemy attacks Toledo, they might arrive when Toledo has fewer troops. That could be bad. So we need to be careful.

Alternatively, we can attack Cordoba from Sevilha, which is not on the border, so it's less likely to be attacked. Sevilha has 8 troops. We can send them to attack Cordoba. They will arrive next turn. Meanwhile, we can reinforce Toledo from other villages to keep it strong. We can also build more troops.

Let's check Sevilha's position. It is connected to Cordoba. If we send all 8 troops from Sevilha to Cordoba, Sevilha becomes empty. But Sevilha is interior, no enemy border, so it's probably safe. However, the enemy might have troops near Sevilha? They are in Teruel, which is far. They would need to march through several villages to reach Sevilha. So it's unlikely they will reach Sevilha next turn. So we can safely send Sevilha's troops.

But 8 troops: 4 spear (attack 4), 4 arch (attack 8) = total 12. Cordoba defense 13. We need >13 to win, or if equal, defender wins. 12 < 13, so we lose. We need to increase the attack. We could send additional troops from another village to Sevilha to join the attack? But if we send them to Sevilha, they will arrive at Sevilha next turn, and then we would need another turn to attack Cordoba. That's slower. Or we could send them directly to Cordoba from another village, bypassing Sevilha? But they must march along roads. If we send from, say, Faro to Cordoba, they will pass through Sevilha but not stop. So they will arrive at Cordoba at the same time as Sevilha's troops? Actually, if we send from Faro to Cordoba, and from Sevilha to Cordoba, they are separate armies. They will arrive on the same turn if the travel times match. Faro to Cordoba: 2 edges. For medium/fast, 1 turn. For slow, 2 turns. Sevilha to Cordoba: 1 edge, 1 turn for all. So if we send archers from Faro (medium) and spearmen from Sevilha (slow), they might arrive on different turns. We need to coordinate.

Let's compute travel times for potential sends:

From Sevilha (9) to Cordoba (11): 1 edge. So 1 turn for all speeds.
From Faro (5) to Cordoba (11): path 5->9->11, 2 edges. Slow: 2 turns, Medium: 1 turn, Fast: 1 turn.
From Badajoz (4) to Cordoba (11): path 4->9->11 or 4->8->11. 4->9 is 1 edge, 9->11 is 1 edge, total 2. Or 4->8 is 1 edge, 8->11 is 1 edge, total 2. So also 2 edges. So same as Faro.
From Toledo (8) to Cordoba (11): 1 edge, 1 turn.
From Salamanca (7) to Cordoba: 7->8->11 (2 edges) or 7->12->8->11 (3) etc. Shortest is 2 edges.
From Lisbon (0) to Cordoba: 0->1->4->9->11 (4 edges) etc. Long.

So the closest villages to Cordoba are Toledo and Sevilha (1 edge). Next are Badajoz, Faro, Salamanca, etc. (2 edges).

If we want to attack Cordoba next turn (the battle occurs on turn 12), we need to send troops this turn from a village that is 1 edge away, because they will march and fight next turn. If we send from a 2-edge village with medium/fast troops, they will also arrive next turn (since medium/fast take 1 turn for 2 edges). So we could send archers/knights from Faro or Badajoz and they would arrive next turn. But if we send spearmen (slow), they take 2 turns, so they would arrive turn 13.

So we can potentially send a combined force from multiple villages to attack Cordoba on the same turn, as long as they all arrive next turn. But they will fight separately? The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So they don't combine. Each army fights independently. So we need to send a single army that is strong enough to win. We can send from one village, or we can send from multiple but they will fight sequentially, not combined. That means if we send from Sevilha and from Faro, they will both arrive at Cordoba next turn, but they will fight one after the other. The first army will fight the garrison. If it wins, it takes the village, and then the second army will fight the winner? Actually, if the first army wins, it captures the village. Then the second army arrives and sees the village is now ours? But they are still on the march? The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." It doesn't specify the order. But likely they fight in some order. If the first one wins and takes the village, the second one might then be attacking a friendly village? That would be bad. Or they might both attack the garrison simultaneously? The rule says "one at a time". So we should avoid sending multiple armies to the same target on the same turn. Better to send one strong army.

So we need to choose one village to launch the attack from. We can reinforce that village with troops from other villages, but those reinforcements will arrive at different times. We could send reinforcements to the attacking village this turn, so they arrive next turn, and then next turn we order the combined force to attack? But that means the attack happens on turn 13. Meanwhile, the enemy has another turn to act. That might be okay if we can secure the area.

Alternatively, we can just use the troops already at the attacking village, and if they are not enough, we can build more there this turn, so they are ready next turn, and then send them next turn? Actually, if we build at the attacking village this turn, the new troops will be ready next turn. Then next turn we can send them to attack? But if we send them next turn, they will arrive the following turn. So building doesn't help for an immediate attack; it helps for the next attack.

Let's think about the timeline:
Turn 11 (now): we order builds and movements.
Turn 12: builds complete, movements arrive. We can then order new builds and movements.
Turn 13: etc.

If we want to attack Cordoba and have the battle on turn 12, we need to send troops this turn from a village that is 1 turn away (or 2 turns for medium/fast). Those troops will march and arrive at Cordoba on turn 12, and fight. So we need to decide which troops to send this turn.

If we send from Sevilha: 4 spear, 4 arch. Attack 12 vs defense 13 -> lose. So we need more. We could send additional troops from Sevilha if we had more, but we don't. We could build at Sevilha this turn? Building takes 1 turn, so they would be ready turn 12. But if we build at Sevilha this turn, we cannot send them this turn because they aren't ready yet. They would be ready next turn, and then we could send them next turn, arriving turn 13. So that's too late for a turn 12 attack.

What if we send from Toledo? Toledo has 8 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight. Attack: 8*1 + 2 + 4 = 14. Defense 13. 14 > 13, so we would win. But we need to consider counter. Defender is 5 spearmen. Our most numerous type is spearman (8). Spearman does not counter spearman; actually spearman counters knight. So no counter bonus. So effective attack 14. 14 > 13, we win. But we must also consider that if we send all troops from Toledo, Toledo becomes empty. That might be risky if the enemy attacks Toledo. But the enemy might not attack Toledo if they see it defended? They see it with 10 troops now. They don't know our orders. They might decide to attack Toledo. If they attack, they will send troops from Teruel. Teruel to Toledo: 1 edge (8 to 13). So they can reach Toledo in 1 turn. If they attack this turn, their troops will arrive at Toledo on turn 12. Our troops will leave Toledo this turn to go to Cordoba, arriving turn 12. So on turn 12, Toledo would be empty, and the enemy's troops would arrive and take Toledo? Actually, if we send our troops from Toledo to Cordoba, they march along the road. They leave Toledo. The enemy's troops march from Teruel to Toledo. They might meet on the road? The roads: Toledo (8) to Teruel (13) is a direct road. If both armies march on the same road in opposite directions, they might meet. The rule: "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there: head-on, or when one catches up with the other on the same stretch of road." So if we send from Toledo to Cordoba, we go from 8 to 11. That road is 8-11. The enemy from Teruel to Toledo goes from 13 to 8. Those are different roads? Actually, 8 connects to 11 and 13. So the roads are separate: 8-11 and 8-13. They meet at Toledo. They won't meet on the road because they are on different branches. So our troops go towards Cordoba, enemy towards Toledo. They won't fight on the road. Our troops will arrive at Cordoba turn 12, enemy at Toledo turn 12. So if Toledo is empty, the enemy will capture it. That would be a loss of a village. We don't want that.

So we should not strip Toledo completely. We should leave a garrison or send reinforcements to Toledo to compensate. But if we send reinforcements to Toledo this turn, they will arrive next turn. So on turn 12, Toledo will have the reinforcements arriving, but also the enemy arriving. The battle would be at Toledo. If we send, say, 5 troops from Badajoz to Toledo, they will march 1 turn (Badajoz to Toledo is 1 edge). They will arrive turn 12. The enemy from Teruel will also arrive turn 12. So they will fight at Toledo. Our arriving reinforcements will fight the enemy. That could be good. But we need to ensure we have enough to defeat the enemy.

What does the enemy have at Teruel? 4 spear, 2 arch, 3 knight. They could send all or some. We don't know their orders. They might send all to attack Toledo. If they send all, their attack power: 4*1 + 2*2 + 3*4 = 4+4+12=20. Defense of Toledo is 25 (effective defense including location bonus). But that's defense. If they attack, they use attack, we use defense. Our defense at Toledo is 25. If we leave some troops, they add to defense. If we send reinforcements, they will add to defense when they arrive. But if we send troops from Toledo to Cordoba, the troops that stay at Toledo will defend. We can choose how many to send. We don't have to send all. The "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" lists the maximum we can send, but we can send fewer. So we can send, say, 6 spearman from Toledo to Cordoba, leaving 2 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight? Actually Toledo has 8 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight. We can send any number up to that. So we can keep a garrison.

Let's compute: if we send 6 spearman from Toledo to Cordoba, attack = 6. Not enough. We need at least 14 attack to beat defense 13. So we need to send more. If we send all 8 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight, attack 14. That leaves 0. So we need to choose: either send a strong force but leave Toledo weak, or send a weaker force and keep defense.

Maybe we can send a mix that includes archers and knights to get counter bonus. If we send mostly archers, we get 1.5x. But Toledo only has 1 archer. So not many.

What if we attack from Sevilha but we first send reinforcements to Sevilha from other villages this turn, and then next turn we send the combined force from Sevilha to Cordoba? That delays the attack to turn 13. But it might be safer.

Let's consider the enemy's likely moves. They are at Teruel. They might attack Toledo, or they might attack Madrid (12) which is neutral, or they might reinforce their own villages. We don't know. We should prepare for an attack on Toledo. We can reinforce Toledo with troops from Badajoz (1 turn) and Salamanca (1 or 2 turns). Badajoz to Toledo is 1 edge, so 1 turn. Salamanca to Toledo: via Madrid (7-12-8) is 2 edges, so slow takes 2 turns, medium 1 turn. So we can send archers from Salamanca to Toledo in 1 turn.

We also need to consider that we want to capture Cordoba. Perhaps we can do both: send a strong force from Toledo to Cordoba, and also send reinforcements to Toledo to defend. But if we send reinforcements to Toledo, they will arrive next turn. If the enemy attacks Toledo this turn, they will arrive next turn and fight our reinforcements. That could be a battle at Toledo. If our reinforcements win, Toledo remains ours. If we also send the Toledo garrison to Cordoba, then on turn 12, Toledo will have our reinforcements vs enemy. That might work.

But we need to decide the composition. Let's list all our available troops and where we can send them.

We have many spearman. Spearman are cheap but slow and weak attack. Archers are better. Knights are best but expensive. We should try to use archers and knights for attack because they have higher attack and some speed.

Idea: Launch the attack on Cordoba from Faro or Badajoz using archers and knights, while keeping Toledo defended by spearman. For example, send archers and knights from Faro to Cordoba. Faro has 3 arch, 2 knight. Attack: 3*2 + 2*4 = 6+8=14. With counter? Defender is 5 spearmen. Our most numerous type? 3 arch vs 2 knight, so most numerous is archer. Archers counter spearmen, so 1.5x multiplier. Effective attack = 14 * 1.5 = 21. That's more than enough. Travel time: Faro to Cordoba is 2 edges. Archers are medium, knights are fast. Mixed army moves at speed of slowest: medium? Actually, knights are fast, archers medium. So the army's speed is medium. For 2 edges, medium takes 1 turn. So they will arrive next turn (turn 12) and fight. So we can send all 3 arch and 2 knight from Faro to Cordoba. That would eliminate Faro's ranged troops, but Faro still has 6 spearman for defense. Faro is interior, no enemy border, so probably safe.

But we need to check if we can send them. The "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" for Faro: 6 spear, 3 arch, 2 knight. So we can send 3 arch and 2 knight. That's fine.

Now, what about Toledo? We should reinforce Toledo to defend against enemy attack. We can send spearman from other villages to Toledo. Badajoz has 4 spear, 3 arch, 1 knight. We can send some spearman to Toledo. Badajoz to Toledo is 1 edge, so 1 turn. We can send, say, 4 spearman from Badajoz to Toledo. They will arrive turn 12. Toledo currently has 10 troops. If we send 4 spearman, Toledo will have 14 troops. But we might also want to send troops from other villages.

We also need to consider building troops. We should build more archers and knights to grow our army. We have many villages with iron. Let's check resources and what we can build.

We need to output a JSON with build and movements. We can have multiple builds and multiple movements.

Let's plan builds:
We want to build archers and knights. Archers cost 20 wood, 10 iron. Knights cost 30 wood, 30 iron. We should build in villages that have the resources and capacity.
We have 11 villages. Most have wood and iron. Let's list each village's resources and current troops, and what they can build.

0 Lisboa: wood 30, iron 100. Troops: 2 spear, 3 arch, 1 knight (total 6). Can build: with 30 wood, we can build 2 spear (30 wood) or 1 arch (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). But we have lots of iron. We could build 1 knight (uses 30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 0 wood, 70 iron. Or build 1 arch (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 90 iron, and then maybe another arch? 10 wood not enough for arch. So best: 1 knight. Or we could build 2 spear? But we want archers/knights. Let's build 1 knight.
1 Santarem: wood 30, iron 120. Troops: 6 spear, 3 arch. Can build: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 arch (20 wood, 10 iron) + maybe something? 30 wood: if we build 1 arch (20 wood, 10 iron), we have 10 wood left, can't build another arch. Could build 1 spear (15 wood) but that leaves -5 wood? No. So 1 arch or 1 knight. Or 2 spear? But we want archers/knights. Let's build 1 knight.
2 Evora: wood 30, iron 120. Troops: 2 spear, 3 arch. Can build: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 arch (20 wood, 10 iron). Let's build 1 knight.
3 Coimbra: wood 30, iron 90. Troops: 2 spear, 3 arch. Can build: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 arch (20 wood, 10 iron). Let's build 1 knight.
4 Badajoz: wood 30, iron 70. Troops: 4 spear, 3 arch, 1 knight. Can build: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 arch (20 wood, 10 iron). Let's build 1 knight.
5 Faro: wood 30, iron 90. Troops: 6 spear, 3 arch, 2 knight. Can build: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 arch (20 wood, 10 iron). But we are sending away 3 arch and 2 knight? Actually we plan to send them. If we send them, they will be gone next turn. But we can still build this turn. Building takes 1 turn, so they will be ready next turn. If we send the existing troops, the new ones will stay. So we can build more knights/archers at Faro to replace the ones we send. Let's build 1 knight at Faro.
6 Porto: wood 30, iron 70. Troops: 4 spear, 3 arch, 1 knight. Can build: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 arch (20 wood, 10 iron). Let's build 1 knight.
7 Salamanca: wood 50, iron 40. Troops: 0 spear, 2 arch. Can build: with 50 wood, 40 iron. We can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 20 wood, 10 iron. Then we could also build 1 arch? Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. So if we build 1 knight and 1 arch: total 50 wood, 40 iron. Perfect! So build 1 knight and 1 arch at Salamanca. But check cap: Salamanca has 2 troops now, cap 300, so fine.
8 Toledo: wood 40, iron 30. Troops: 8 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight. Can build: with 40 wood, 30 iron. We can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 10 wood. Or 1 arch (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 20 wood, 20 iron, then maybe another arch? 20 wood, 20 iron: can build 1 arch (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 0 wood, 10 iron. So 2 archers total? Actually first archer: 20 wood, 10 iron -> leaves 20 wood, 20 iron. Second archer: 20 wood, 10 iron -> leaves 0 wood, 10 iron. So we can build 2 archers. Or 1 knight and then we have 10 wood left, can't build much. Since we want archers, let's build 2 archers at Toledo. But we need to consider if we are sending troops away. If we send some troops from Toledo, we might want to replace them. But we can decide later.
9 Sevilha: wood 40, iron 30. Troops: 4 spear, 4 arch. Can build: with 40 wood, 30 iron. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 10 wood. Or 1 arch (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 20 wood, 20 iron, then another arch? Second arch: 20 wood, 10 iron -> leaves 0 wood, 10 iron. So 2 archers. Or 1 arch and 1 spear? But we want archers. Let's build 2 archers at Sevilha.
10 Vigo: wood 40, iron 30. Troops: 7 spear, 2 arch. Can build: similar, can build 2 archers (20 wood, 10 iron each) using 40 wood, 20 iron, leaving 0 wood, 10 iron. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 10 wood. Let's build 2 archers.

But we need to be careful: building troops uses resources from that village. We should only order builds that the village can pay for now. The resources listed are what they have now. So we can build as long as we don't exceed their stock.

Let's verify each build:
0 Lisboa: build 1 knight: cost 30 wood, 30 iron. Has 30 wood, 100 iron -> ok.
1 Santarem: build 1 knight: cost 30 wood, 30 iron. Has 30 wood, 120 iron -> ok.
2 Evora: build 1 knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. Has 30 wood, 120 iron -> ok.
3 Coimbra: build 1 knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. Has 30 wood, 90 iron -> ok.
4 Badajoz: build 1 knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. Has 30 wood, 70 iron -> ok.
5 Faro: build 1 knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. Has 30 wood, 90 iron -> ok.
6 Porto: build 1 knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. Has 30 wood, 70 iron -> ok.
7 Salamanca: build 1 knight and 1 archer: knight 30 wood, 30 iron; archer 20 wood, 10 iron; total 50 wood, 40 iron. Has 50 wood, 40 iron -> ok.
8 Toledo: build 2 archers: 2 * (20 wood, 10 iron) = 40 wood, 20 iron. Has 40 wood, 30 iron -> ok.
9 Sevilha: build 2 archers: 40 wood, 20 iron. Has 40 wood, 30 iron -> ok.
10 Vigo: build 2 archers: 40 wood, 20 iron. Has 40 wood, 30 iron -> ok.

That's a lot of builds. But we need to consider that we also want to send troops. The builds will take 1 turn, so the new troops will be available next turn. That's fine.

Now, movements. We need to decide where to send troops.

Our main objective: capture Cordoba. We can send an attack force from Faro to Cordoba: 3 archers, 2 knights. That's one movement.

We also want to defend Toledo. We can send reinforcements to Toledo. From Badajoz, we can send spearman. Badajoz has 4 spear, 3 arch, 1 knight. We can send, say, 4 spearman to Toledo. Or we could send the archer and knight as well? But we might want to keep some for other purposes. Let's send 4 spearman from Badajoz to Toledo. Travel time: 1 turn.

We might also want to send troops from Salamanca to Toledo? Salamanca to Toledo is 2 edges. If we send archers (medium), they take 1 turn. We could send the 2 archers from Salamanca to Toledo. But Salamanca currently has 2 archers, and we are building 1 knight and 1 arch there. The new ones won't be ready until next turn. So we can send the existing 2 archers. That would reinforce Toledo with archers. Travel time: 1 turn (since medium for 2 edges). So they arrive turn 12.

We could also send troops to Sevilha to prepare for future attack. But we already have Sevilha's own troops. We might want to send troops from other villages to Sevilha to gather a larger force. But if we send them to Sevilha, they will arrive next turn, and then next turn we can attack Cordoba from Sevilha. That would be turn 13 attack. But we are already attacking Cordoba from Faro on turn 12. So we don't need to attack from Sevilha at the same time. We could instead use Sevilha as a staging point for further east. But for now, let's focus on Cordoba.

What about the enemy? They might attack. We are reinforcing Toledo. That should help.

We also need to consider that we might want to send troops to Madrid (12) or Burgos (14) to capture them. But they are neutral. We could attack them as well. But we only have so many troops. Let's prioritize Cordoba because it's close and gives us a village.

Let's check if we can capture Cordoba with the Faro force. Faro to Cordoba: send 3 arch, 2 knight. Attack: archers counter spearmen, so effective attack = (3*2 + 2*4)*1.5 = 14*1.5=21. Cordoba defense 13. We win. We will capture Cordoba. But we also need to consider losses. The winner takes losses. The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So our force will suffer some losses. We need to see how many. The attrition is probably proportional. We might lose some troops. But since we have a large multiplier, we might lose few. The exact formula isn't given, but we can assume we'll still have some troops left. After winning, Cordoba becomes ours. Its garrison will be whatever survives? Actually, when you attack and win, you capture the village. The surviving troops from the attack become the garrison? Or the village's original garrison is destroyed, and your troops that survived settle there. The rules: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So our troops will be reduced. We need to ensure we have enough to hold the village.

But we are sending 5 troops. Even if we lose some, we'll have some left. Also, Cordoba will become ours and produce resources.

Now, what about the enemy's turn? They might do something. We can't control that. We should also consider sending troops to attack other neutral villages if we have spare. But we need to be careful not to overcommit.

Let's think about the unexplored villages. We have 9 unexplored. Some are likely enemy. We need to explore. We can send troops to explore, but they might fight. We can send a small force to Madrid (12) to capture it. Madrid has 5 archers, defense 13. We can attack from Salamanca (7) or Toledo (8). Salamanca to Madrid is 1 edge? Salamanca (7) connects to [12] Madrid directly. So 1 turn. Madrid defense 13. We could send troops from Salamanca. But we are sending the 2 archers from Salamanca to Toledo. We could instead send them to attack Madrid. But 2 archers attack 4, not enough. We would need more.

Maybe we should focus on one thing at a time. Let's capture Cordoba first.

Now, let's decide on movements. We'll send:
1. From Faro (5) to Cordoba (11): 3 archers, 2 knights.
2. From Badajoz (4) to Toledo (8): 4 spearman.
3. From Salamanca (7) to Toledo (8): 2 archers.

But wait: Salamanca to Toledo: we need to check the road. Salamanca (7) connects to [3], [4], [6], [12]. Toledo (8) connects to [4], [11], [12], [13]. So the shortest path is either 7->4->8 (2 edges) or 7->12->8 (2 edges). So 2 edges. For archers (medium), travel time is 1 turn. So they will arrive next turn. That's fine.

But we must ensure that the troops we send are available. Salamanca has 0 spear, 2 arch. So we can send 2 arch. Badajoz has 4 spear, 3 arch, 1 knight. We can send 4 spear. Faro has 6 spear, 3 arch, 2 knight. We send 3 arch, 2 knight.

Now, what about our other villages? We should also consider sending troops to reinforce our capital or other borders. But our capital Lisboa is interior, no enemy border. So probably safe. Other villages are interior. The only border village is Toledo (8). So we should focus on Toledo's defense.

We might also want to send troops from Porto or Vigo to somewhere. But they are far from the border. We can leave them for now.

Now, we need to write the plan and statement.

Plan: We are attacking Cordoba with archers and knights from Faro. Reinforcing Toledo with spearman from Badajoz and archers from Salamanca to defend against enemy counterattack. Building archers and knights in all villages to grow our army for future campaigns.

Statement: We need to tell the audience what we did this turn. Something like: "We launched a decisive strike on Cordoba with elite archers and knights from Faro, while reinforcing Toledo against the enemy's likely counterattack. Our villages produced a steady stream of new troops."

But we need to be careful: the orders are simultaneous, so we are ordering builds and movements for this turn. The statement should describe what we are ordering, not what happened yet. Actually, the statement is "what you did THIS turn". Since we are writing orders, we are doing it now. So we can say: "I ordered the attack on Cordoba, sent reinforcements to Toledo, and built new troops across my realm."

Now, let's double-check if we have enough resources for the builds we ordered. We already checked.

But we also need to consider that the villages we are sending troops from will lose those troops. For example, Faro will lose its 3 archers and 2 knights, leaving 6 spearman. That's fine. Badajoz will lose 4 spearman, leaving 0 spear? Actually Badajoz has 4 spear, we send 4, so 0 spear left, but still has 3 arch, 1 knight. That's okay. Salamanca will lose its 2 archers, leaving 0 troops? It has 0 spear, 2 arch, so after sending, it will have 0 troops. But we are building 1 knight and 1 arch there, so next turn it will have those. But for now, it will be empty. Is that a problem? Salamanca is interior, no enemy border. But it is connected to Madrid (neutral) and others. If the enemy attacks Salamanca, they could capture it. But the enemy is far; they would need to march through several villages. Unlikely next turn. But we might want to leave a garrison. We could send fewer from Salamanca, or not send any. But we want to reinforce Toledo. We could instead send troops from somewhere else to Salamanca to defend it? That seems complicated. Let's assess the risk. The enemy's nearest village is Teruel (13). They would need to go from Teruel to Salamanca. Path: 13 to 8 to 4 to 7? Or 13 to 17 to 12 to 7. That's at least 3 edges. So they would take at least 3 turns for slow, 2 for medium. So Salamanca is safe for now. So we can leave it empty.

But we should also consider that we are building at Salamanca, so next turn it will have troops. That's good.

Now, what about Toledo? We are sending 4 spear from Badajoz and 2 arch from Salamanca. They will arrive next turn. Toledo currently has 10 troops. If we don't send any from Toledo, it will have 10 troops until next turn when reinforcements arrive. But the enemy might attack this turn. If they attack, their troops will arrive next turn. At that time, Toledo will have its original 10 troops plus the arriving reinforcements? Actually, the reinforcements we send this turn will arrive next turn. The enemy's troops will also arrive next turn. So they will all be present at Toledo on turn 12. So Toledo will have 10 + 4 + 2 = 16 troops? But wait: the reinforcements we send are marching. They arrive at Toledo at the start of turn 12? Or during turn 12? The combat likely occurs when they meet. If both arrive on the same turn, they might fight. The rule: "Armies on different roads never meet, even where the roads look close on the map." But here, both are heading to Toledo. They will arrive at Toledo. The enemy army will arrive at Toledo and fight the garrison. Our reinforcements will also arrive at Toledo. Do they combine? The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." But that's for attacking the same target. For defending, if multiple armies arrive at a friendly village, they likely join the garrison. The rule: "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So our reinforcements will join the garrison. So they will add to the defense. The enemy army will attack the garrison. So the garrison will include the original troops plus the arriving reinforcements. That's good. So Toledo will have 10 + 4 + 2 = 16 troops for defense. The enemy's attack force from Teruel: they have 4 spear, 2 arch, 3 knight. If they send all, attack power = 20. Toledo's effective defense is 25 (as given). But that 25 is with the current 10 troops. Actually, the effective defense number already includes the location bonus and the troops? The report says: "effective defense (location bonus included): 25". That is calculated based on the current troops? Yes, effective defense is the number you compare against. It includes the troops' defense and the location bonus. So if we add more troops, the effective defense will increase. We need to compute the new effective defense if we add 4 spear and 2 arch. But we don't need to compute exactly; we just know it will be higher. So Toledo will be very strong.

But we must also consider that the enemy might not attack Toledo; they might attack somewhere else. We can't predict. But reinforcing Toledo is a good defensive move.

Now, what about our attack on Cordoba? We are sending 3 arch, 2 knight from Faro. They will arrive at Cordoba next turn. Cordoba has 5 spearmen, defense 13. Our attack should win. But we need to ensure that we don't also send another army to Cordoba that might interfere. We are only sending from Faro. So that's fine.

But we should also consider that after we capture Cordoba, it will be ours. We might want to send some troops to stay there as garrison. The troops that survive the attack will be there. But we might also want to send additional troops from somewhere to reinforce Cordoba after capture. But that can be done later.

Now, let's think about the builds. We are building a lot of knights. Knights cost 30 wood, 30 iron. We have many villages with 30 wood and at least 30 iron. But we need to check iron stocks. For example, Lisboa has 100 iron, so fine. Santarem 120, Evora 120, Coimbra 90, Badajoz 70, Faro 90, Porto 70, Salamanca 40 (but we are building knight + archer, using 30+10=40 iron, so exactly 40). Toledo has 30 iron, we are building 2 archers using 20 iron, leaving 10. Sevilha 30 iron, building 2 archers uses 20 iron, leaving 10. Vigo 30 iron, building 2 archers uses 20 iron, leaving 10. So all are feasible.

But we must also consider the cap of 300 troops per village. Our villages have low numbers now (max 11). So we can build many.

Now, is there any reason to build spearman? They are cheap but we already have many. We should focus on archers and knights for better attack.

Now, let's consider if we should send any troops to explore the unexplored villages. We could send a small force to, say, Madrid to capture it. But we don't have a good force for that yet. We could send from Salamanca or Toledo. But we are sending Salamanca's troops to Toledo. We could instead send them to Madrid. Madrid has 5 archers, defense 13. 2 archers attack 4, not enough. We would need more. So not yet.

What about Burgos? It's neutral, 5 spearmen, defense 13. We could attack from Vigo (10) or Porto (6) or Madrid (12). Vigo to Burgos: Vigo (10) connects to [14] Burgos directly. So 1 turn. Vigo has 7 spear, 2 arch. Attack if all sent: 7*1 + 2*2 = 11. Not enough. We could build more at Vigo. But we are building 2 archers there, which will be ready next turn. So next turn we could send a stronger force. But we need to decide.

We could also attack Madrid from Salamanca. Salamanca to Madrid is 1 edge. If we keep the 2 archers at Salamanca and build more, we could attack. But we are sending them to Toledo. Maybe we should not send them to Toledo, but instead use them to attack Madrid? But then Toledo's defense would be weaker. We need to balance.

Let's assess the enemy's strength. They have 4 spear, 2 arch, 3 knight at Teruel. That's a decent force. They might attack. If they attack Toledo, they could send all. Our Toledo with 10 troops has defense 25. If they send all, attack 20, they might lose. But if they send only some, they might be defeated. But we don't know. Reinforcing Toledo is safe.

What if we instead launch a double attack: attack Cordoba from Faro, and also attack Madrid from Salamanca? But we need to check if we have enough troops at Salamanca. Currently 2 archers. Not enough. We could send reinforcements to Salamanca from somewhere else to attack Madrid next turn? That would take time.

I think the best plan is to focus on Cordoba for now, reinforce Toledo, and build up our forces. Once we have more troops, we can expand.

But we also need to consider that we might be able to capture Cordoba and then use it to attack further east. Cordoba connects to Murcia (15) which is unexplored. That could open a new front.

Now, let's finalize the orders.

Builds: We'll build as planned: knights in many villages, archers in some. But we should be careful: building knights in all those villages uses a lot of iron. But each village has its own iron, so it's fine. However, we need to ensure we don't exceed the cap of 300 troops per village. Currently, the highest is 11, so we can build many.

But we might want to build more archers instead of knights in some places because archers are cheaper in iron and we might want to build more numbers. But knights have high attack, so they are valuable. Let's keep the plan.

Let's list builds explicitly:
- Lisboa: 1 knight
- Santarem: 1 knight
- Evora: 1 knight
- Coimbra: 1 knight
- Badajoz: 1 knight
- Faro: 1 knight
- Porto: 1 knight
- Salamanca: 1 knight, 1 archer
- Toledo: 2 archers
- Sevilha: 2 archers
- Vigo: 2 archers

That's 8 knights and 8 archers? Actually: knights: 0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7 = 8 knights. Archers: Salamanca 1, Toledo 2, Sevilha 2, Vigo 2 = 7 archers. Total new troops: 15. That's a good boost.

Now movements:
1. from Faro (5) to Cordoba (11): {"spearman": 0, "archer": 3, "knight": 2}
2. from Badajoz (4) to Toledo (8): {"spearman": 4, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}
3. from Salamanca (7) to Toledo (8): {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 0}

But wait: Salamanca to Toledo: we need to ensure the road is clear. The path: Salamanca (7) to Madrid (12) to Toledo (8)? Or Salamanca to Badajoz (4) to Toledo (8)? Both are 2 edges. But we must check if there are any enemy or neutral villages on the path that would cause the army to stop. The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So if we send from Salamanca to Toledo, the path goes through either Madrid (neutral) or Badajoz (ours). If we go via Madrid, we would stop at Madrid because it's neutral. That would be bad. If we go via Badajoz, that's ours, so we can pass through. So we must choose the path that goes through our own villages. The road network: Salamanca (7) connects to [3] Coimbra (ours), [4] Badajoz (ours), [6] Porto (ours), [12] Madrid (neutral). So we have direct connections to Badajoz and Coimbra and Porto. To get to Toledo, we can go 7 -> 4 -> 8. That path goes through Badajoz, which is ours. So we can send from Salamanca to Toledo via Badajoz. The army will march along roads: 7 to 4, then 4 to 8. It will pass through Badajoz without stopping because Badajoz is ours. So that's fine. We need to ensure we specify the destination as Toledo, and the pathfinding will take the shortest route through friendly territory. The game likely automatically finds the shortest path that doesn't go through enemy/neutral? Actually, the rule says: "You cannot march past an enemy or neutral village to hit one behind it." So if the shortest path goes through a neutral, you can't use that path to reach a destination behind it. But you can choose an alternative path that goes through your own villages. So we need to be aware of that. When we order a movement, we just specify from and to; the game will find a valid path. If the only path goes through a neutral, it will stop there. But here, we have a path through Badajoz that is entirely ours. So it should work.

Similarly, for Faro to Cordoba: path is Faro (5) -> Sevilha (9) -> Cordoba (11). Both Sevilha and Faro are ours, so no stopping. Good.

For Badajoz to Toledo: direct connection, all ours. Good.

Now, we should also consider sending troops to reinforce our capital or other places? Probably not necessary.

But we might want to send some troops from Lisbon to somewhere? Lisbon is far. We can leave them.

Now, let's think about the enemy's possible attack on Toledo. If they attack, they will come from Teruel (13) to Toledo (8). That's a direct road. They will not pass through any neutral because it's direct. So they will arrive at Toledo. Our reinforcements from Badajoz and Salamanca will also arrive at Toledo. They will all be there on turn 12. The battle will be at Toledo. We will have the original 10 troops + 4 spear + 2 arch = 16 troops. The effective defense will be higher than 25. The enemy's attack is at most 20. So we should win comfortably.

But what if the enemy doesn't attack Toledo, but instead attacks Cordoba? They can't, because Cordoba is neutral and they don't have a path that doesn't go through our territory? Actually, Cordoba is connected to Teruel via? Teruel (13) connects to [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon. Not directly to Cordoba. To reach Cordoba, they would need to go through Toledo (8) or Sevilha (9) which are ours, or through Murcia (15) which is neutral. They could go 13 -> 17 -> 12 -> 8? That goes through Madrid (neutral) and Toledo (ours). They would stop at Madrid. So they can't reach Cordoba easily. So they likely won't attack Cordoba.

What if they attack our other villages? They could attack Madrid (neutral) and then from there attack Salamanca or Toledo. But they would need to move through neutral territories. They might try to capture Madrid. If they capture Madrid, they could then attack us. We might want to secure Madrid ourselves. But we don't have enough troops to attack Madrid this turn. We could send a small force to Madrid next turn if we build more. For now, let's stick to the plan.

We should also consider that the neutral villages harden every 5 turns. The report says: "Neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type." It says "was 10, 5 turns ago" for Cordoba, Madrid, Burgos. So they had defense 10 five turns ago, now they have 13. So they gain troops over time. We should capture them before they get too strong.

Now, let's write the plan and statement.

Plan: We are focusing on capturing Cordoba to expand our territory. We are sending a powerful ranged force from Faro to take it. We are reinforcing Toledo to defend against enemy counterattack. We are building archers and knights in all our villages to grow our army for further campaigns. Next turn, we will assess the battle results and decide on the next move, possibly attacking Madrid or Burgos.

Statement: We ordered a decisive strike on Cordoba with archers and knights from Faro, while sending spearman and archers to reinforce Toledo against the enemy. Our villages are producing knights and archers to build a formidable army.

But we need to be careful: the statement should be 2-4 lines. We can write something like: "I have ordered the attack on Cordoba with a force of archers and knights from Faro. To secure our border, I sent reinforcements to Toledo from Badajoz and Salamanca. Across the realm, I ordered the construction of knights and archers to grow our military strength. We now wait for the enemy's move."

Now, we need to output JSON. Let's structure it.

We need to use village IDs as numbers. The build array contains objects with villageId, type, quantity. Movements array with fromId, toId, troops object.

Let's list the builds explicitly:

Builds:
- villageId: 0, type: "knight", quantity: 1
- villageId: 1, type: "knight", quantity: 1
- villageId: 2, type: "knight", quantity: 1
- villageId: 3, type: "knight", quantity: 1
- villageId: 4, type: "knight", quantity: 1
- villageId: 5, type: "knight", quantity: 1
- villageId: 6, type: "knight", quantity: 1
- villageId: 7, type: "knight", quantity: 1
- villageId: 7, type: "archer", quantity: 1  (but we can combine builds for same village? The schema says: "build": [ {"villageId": <id>, "type": <...>, "quantity": <...>} ]. We can have multiple entries for the same village. That's fine.
- villageId: 8, type: "archer", quantity: 2
- villageId: 9, type: "archer", quantity: 2
- villageId: 10, type: "archer", quantity: 2

But wait: we need to check if we can build 1 knight and 1 archer at Salamanca. The resources: 50 wood, 40 iron. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron; archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. Total 50 wood, 40 iron. So yes. But we need to ensure the order is valid: we can order both builds. They will both be built simultaneously? The rules: "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." The village has 50 wood, 40 iron. If we order both, the total cost is 50 wood, 40 iron, so it can pay for both now. So it's valid. But we need to be careful: the builds are simultaneous, so the resources are deducted at the start? Probably the village pays for all ordered builds from its current stock. So if we order two builds that together cost more than the stock, it's invalid. Here, total cost equals stock, so it's okay.

Similarly, for other villages, we are ordering one build per village, so fine.

Now movements:
- fromId: 5, toId: 11, troops: {"spearman": 0, "archer": 3, "knight": 2}
- fromId: 4, toId: 8, troops: {"spearman": 4, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}
- fromId: 7, toId: 8, troops: {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 0}

But wait: from Salamanca (7) to Toledo (8): we are sending 2 archers. But Salamanca currently has 2 archers. We are also building 1 knight and 1 archer there. The build will complete at the end of the turn. The troops we send are the ones available now. So we can send the 2 archers. That's fine.

Now, we should also consider if we want to send any troops from Toledo itself to Cordoba? We decided not to, to keep defense. But what if we send a small number from Toledo to join the attack? They would fight separately. Not good.

What about sending from Sevilha? We could send from Sevilha to
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
########## TURNO 11 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3261 | resposta 18879 | raciocinio 18879 | finish content_filter | ms 317157
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: We need to produce a JSON with build, movements, plan, statement. We are King B, holding 8 villages. Goal: hold 18 of 24 for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. Currently hold 8, need to expand.

We have resources: each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. Each village can build troops up to 300 total. We have limited troops at each village.

We need to decide orders for this turn (Turn 11). The enemy hasn't sent any armies on march visible. We see some neutral villages: Madrid (12) with 5 archers, defense 13; Murcia (15) with 5 knights, defense 13; Pamplona (19) with 5 knights, defense 13; Toledo (8) enemy with 8 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight, defense 25.

We have interior villages with troops: Zaragoza (17) has 14 troops (11 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight). It faces Madrid (12) and Pamplona (19). Huesca (20) has 4 spear, faces Pamplona. Valencia (16) has 2 spear, faces Murcia. Teruel (13) has 9 troops (4 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight), faces Toledo (enemy).

We also have rear villages with small garrisons.

We need to build troops. Each village has resources: wood and iron. Let's compute what each can build.

Costs:
spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron
archer: 20 wood, 10 iron
knight: 30 wood, 30 iron

Each village's current stock:
Barcelona (22): wood 60, iron 70. Can build up to 4 spear (60 wood) but only 2 troops currently? Actually we can build any number as long as resources and cap. Cap is 300, currently 2, so can build many. But resources limit. 60 wood, 70 iron. Could build 4 spear (60 wood) leaving 0 wood, 70 iron. Or 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron) leaving 20 wood, 50 iron. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 30 wood, 40 iron. Or combinations.

Tarragona (21): wood 60, iron 90. Can build 4 spear (60 wood) or 3 archer (60 wood, 30 iron) leaving 0 wood, 60 iron; or 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron) leaving 0 wood, 30 iron; etc.

Girona (23): wood 60, iron 90. Similar.

Castellon (18): wood 60, iron 100. Can build 4 spear (60 wood) or 3 archer (60 wood, 30 iron) leaving 0 wood, 70 iron; or 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron) leaving 0 wood, 40 iron.

Zaragoza (17): wood 60, iron 40. Can build 4 spear (60 wood) leaving 0 wood, 40 iron; or 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron) leaving 20 wood, 20 iron; or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 30 wood, 10 iron.

Huesca (20): wood 60, iron 60. Can build 4 spear (60 wood) or 3 archer (60 wood, 30 iron) leaving 0 wood, 30 iron; or 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron) leaving 0 wood, 0 iron.

Valencia (16): wood 60, iron 60. Same as Huesca.

Teruel (13): wood 30, iron 20. Can build 2 spear (30 wood) leaving 0 wood, 20 iron; or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 10 wood, 10 iron; cannot build knight (needs 30 wood, 30 iron).

We need to decide strategy. We have 8 villages, need 18 to win. There are 24 total. Enemy has capital Lisboa (0) and presumably other villages. We need to capture neutral villages and enemy villages. The front line: we can attack Madrid, Pamplona, Murcia, and Toledo. Toledo is enemy, stronger. Neutral villages have 5 troops each, defense 13. We need to defeat them.

Our troops: we have many spearman, some archers, few knights. We need to consider counter bonuses. Spearman counters knight, archer counters spearman, knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies whole army force by 1.5. The most numerous type sets the counter matchup. So we want to have a type that counters the enemy's most numerous type.

Enemy at Toledo: 8 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous: spear (8). Counter to spear is archer. So if we send archers, we get 1.5x bonus. But we have limited archers. At Teruel we have 2 archers, 4 spear, 3 knight. If we send all, most numerous would be spear (4) vs enemy spear, no bonus. If we send only archers and knights, most numerous might be archer (2) vs knight? Actually enemy has spear, so archer counters spear. If we send 2 archers and some knights, most numerous could be archer (2) if we send more archers than knights. But we only have 2 archers at Teruel. We could send 2 archers and 3 knights; then most numerous is knight (3) which counters archer, but enemy has spear, so knight does not counter spear; knight counters archer. So no bonus. If we send only archers (2) and no other troops, most numerous is archer, which counters spear, giving 1.5x bonus. But 2 archers alone might not be enough to beat defense 25. Let's compute combat.

Combat rules: Attack counts ATTACK, defender counts DEFENSE. Effective defense values already include location bonus. For village, defense bonus x1.25; castle x1.5. In open field no bonus. When attacking a village, defender gets location bonus. The effective defense given is already multiplied. So Toledo effective defense 25. That means its base defense? Let's compute: troops: 8 spear (defense 2 each) = 16; 1 archer (def 2) = 2; 1 knight (def 2) = 2; total base defense 20. Location bonus: village? Toledo is enemy village, presumably village, so x1.25 => 20*1.25 = 25. Yes matches. So effective defense 25.

Our attack power: each troop type has attack. Spear:1, Archer:2, Knight:4. If we send 2 archers, attack total = 2*2 = 4. No bonus. Defender defense 25, we lose. Even with 1.5 bonus, 4*1.5 = 6, still less than 25. So need more troops.

We need to gather larger forces. We can send troops from multiple villages to same target? But they fight separately if from different villages. However, we can send them to a village we own to combine, then attack. But that takes turns. Alternatively, we can attack from one village with all its troops. Teruel has 9 troops, attack power: 4 spear (4) + 2 archer (4) + 3 knight (12) = 20. Most numerous is spear (4) vs enemy spear, no bonus. So 20 vs 25, we lose. If we could get archer bonus: if we send only archers and knights, most numerous would be knight (3) or archer (2). To get archer as most numerous, we need more archers than knights. We have 2 archers, 3 knights. If we send 2 archers and 1 knight, most numerous is archer (2) vs knight (1)? Actually tie? If equal, order spearman, archer, knight. So if we send 2 archer and 1 knight, most numerous is archer (2) vs knight (1) -> archer is most numerous, so counter matchup: archer vs spear? Wait, enemy most numerous is spear. Our most numerous is archer, which counters spear, so bonus 1.5. Attack: 2 archer (4) + 1 knight (4) = 8. With bonus 1.5 = 12. Still less than 25. Not enough.

We could send all 9 but maybe we can reinforce Teruel from other villages first. For example, send troops from Zaragoza to Teruel, then next turn attack with bigger force. But the enemy might also reinforce.

We need to capture neutral villages first to increase our economy and troop production. Neutral villages have 5 troops, defense 13. They are easier. Let's consider attacking Madrid (12) from Zaragoza (17). Zaragoza has 14 troops: 11 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight. Attack power: 11*1 + 1*2 + 2*4 = 11+2+8=21. Most numerous: spear (11). Enemy at Madrid: 5 archers. Most numerous: archer. Spear vs archer: knight counters archer, but spear does not. Spear is not counter to archer; archer counters spear. So our most numerous is spear, enemy most numerous is archer. The counter triangle: spear counters knight, archer counts spearman, knight counters archer. So if our most numerous is spear and enemy is archer, then enemy's archer counters our spear? The rule: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5 (every troop in it, not only the countering type)." So which side gets the bonus? It says "Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5". It seems if your army has the counter bonus, i.e., your most numerous type counters the enemy's most numerous type. So if our most numerous is spear and enemy's is archer, does spear counter archer? No, spear counters knight. So we do not get bonus. If enemy's most numerous is archer and ours is spear, then enemy's archer counters our spear? The rule says "Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5". It doesn't specify attacker or defender; it's symmetric? Actually reading: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counts spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5 (every troop in it, not only the countering type)." It seems if your army contains a type that counters the enemy's most numerous type, you get the bonus. So if enemy has archer as most numerous, and you have knight as most numerous, then your knight counters archer, you get bonus. If you have spear as most numerous, it does not counter archer, so no bonus. But if you have archer as most numerous and enemy has spear, your archer counters spear, you get bonus. So to get bonus, your most numerous type must counter enemy's most numerous type.

In this case, enemy Madrid has 5 archers (most numerous archer). To counter, we need our most numerous to be knight. Zaragoza has 11 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight. Most numerous is spear, not knight. So no bonus. Attack 21 vs defense? Madrid effective defense 13 (given). That includes location bonus. Base defense: 5 archers *2 =10; village bonus x1.25 = 12.5, maybe rounded 13. So defense 13. Our attack 21 > 13, we win. But we need to consider losses. Winner loses troops worth half of loser's effective force. Loser effective force: attacker? Wait, when attacking, we are attacker, defender is village. The loser is the defender if we win. The rule: "The LOSER is destroyed entirely - this includes an attacker that fails against a village. The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself." So if we win, the defender (village garrison) is destroyed entirely. We lose troops worth half of the loser's effective force. What is the loser's effective force? The defender's effective force is their defense? Or their attack? The rule says "effective force" but earlier: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins." Effective force for attacker is attack (with bonus), for defender is defense (with bonus). So loser's effective force is their effective force (defense if defender, attack if attacker). So if we attack Madrid, defender's effective force is 13. Half is 6.5, maybe rounded? We lose troops worth that much. How to compute troop loss? "spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size". It says the winner loses troops worth half of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types. Probably we lose some of our troops based on their cost or value? Not specified exactly. But we can assume we will lose some troops. However, we can still win.

But we need to consider that we might lose troops, and we want to minimize losses. Also, we need to capture villages to increase our economy. Madrid is neutral, capturing it gives us a new village. It will produce resources and allow building more troops.

However, we also have to consider the enemy turn. The enemy may attack our villages. We need to defend. Our interior villages have no enemy border, but front villages might be attacked. Teruel borders Toledo. Toledo has 10 troops. If enemy attacks Teruel, they could defeat our 9 troops. We need to reinforce Teruel or retreat? But we cannot retreat; we can only send reinforcements.

We need a plan for the next several turns. Goal: expand. Probably best to attack neutral villages first to strengthen economy. We have three neutrals: Madrid, Murcia, Pamplona. They are adjacent to our villages. We can attack them with forces that can win. Let's evaluate each:

- Madrid (12): from Zaragoza (17) with 14 troops, attack 21 vs defense 13, likely win. But we need to consider losses. After win, we capture Madrid, our troops that survive become garrison. We can also send reinforcements from other villages to help.

- Murcia (15): from Valencia (16) with 2 spear, attack 2 vs defense 13, lose. Need more troops. We could send from other villages to Valencia first, or attack from elsewhere. Murcia is also adjacent to Cordoba (11) which is unexplored, maybe enemy. But we can only attack from Valencia. So we need to gather troops at Valencia.

- Pamplona (19): from Zaragoza (17) or Huesca (20). Zaragoza has 14 troops, attack 21 vs defense 13 (5 knights). Knight defense 2 each, total base 10, village bonus x1.25 = 12.5 ~13. Attack 21 > 13, win. But enemy is knights, our most numerous spear? Spear does not counter knight; actually spear counters knight! Wait, spearman counters knight. So if enemy most numerous is knight (5 knights), and our most numerous is spear (11), then our spear counters their knight, so we get 1.5 bonus! That would multiply our attack 21 by 1.5 = 31.5, overwhelming. But careful: the counter rule: "spearman counters knight". So if our most numerous is spear and enemy most numerous is knight, we get bonus. Yes! So attacking Pamplona with Zaragoza's forces would be very effective. However, Pamplona is neutral, we would capture it.

But we can only attack one target per village per turn? We can send troops from each village to one destination. Zaragoza can send to either Madrid or Pamplona, not both. We have other villages: Huesca can send to Pamplona (adjacent). Huesca has 4 spear, attack 4, no bonus? Enemy knights, our most numerous spear counters knight, so bonus 1.5 => 6, still less than 13, would lose. So need more.

We could send from Zaragoza to Madrid, and from Huesca to Pamplona? Huesca too weak. Or send from Zaragoza to Pamplona, and from other villages to Madrid? Madrid is adjacent to Zaragoza, but also to Salamanca (7) and Burgos (14) and Toledo (8). We don't have troops there. So only Zaragoza can attack Madrid.

We also have Teruel with 9 troops, attack 20 vs Toledo defense 25, likely lose. Could send to reinforce Zaragoza? But Zaragoza is interior, we can send troops from Teruel to Zaragoza via road: Teruel -> Valencia -> Castellon -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza? Actually road network: Teruel (13) connects to [8], [16], [17], [18]. So Teruel to Zaragoza (17) is direct road? Yes, [13] Teruel connects to [17] Zaragoza. So we can send from Teruel to Zaragoza to reinforce. That would take 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns according to report: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Zaragoza? Actually the report says for each village, "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: ...". That's from rear villages to Teruel. For Teruel to Zaragoza, we need to compute distance. The road network: Teruel (13) - Zaragoza (17) directly. So march time: we need to know distance. Not given explicitly, but we can infer from the report: "from [17] Zaragoza to [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So reverse is same. So sending from Teruel to Zaragoza takes 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So if we send this turn, they arrive at end of turn? Actually march takes turns; during those turns the enemy keeps building. So if we send, they will be on march for some turns. We need to consider that.

We need to decide builds and movements for this turn.

Let's think about the overall plan. We need 18 villages. We have 8. There are 24 total. Enemy has some. We need to capture neutrals and enemy villages. The enemy capital is Lisboa (0), but not required. We should focus on capturing neutrals first to boost economy, then attack enemy. The front line: Madrid, Pamplona, Murcia are neutrals. Toledo is enemy. Beyond that, there are many unexplored villages.

We should aim to capture Madrid and Pamplona this turn or next. Zaragoza can capture one of them. Which one? Both have defense 13. Zaragoza's force can beat either with or without bonus. Against Madrid (archers), no bonus, but still 21 vs 13 wins. Against Pamplona (knights), with bonus, even better. But we also have Huesca that could attack Pamplona if reinforced. Or we could send from Zaragoza to Pamplona, and from Huesca to Madrid? Huesca cannot reach Madrid directly; road: Huesca (20) connects to [17], [19], [23]. So Huesca to Madrid would go via Zaragoza? But armies must stop at first non-owned village. If Huesca sends to Madrid, it would go through Zaragoza? Actually road: Huesca to Zaragoza (17) is direct? [20] Huesca connects to [17] Zaragoza. So if Huesca sends to Madrid (12), the path would be Huesca -> Zaragoza -> Madrid. Since Zaragoza is ours, they would pass through and reach Madrid. But they would have to march through Zaragoza, which is friendly, so they can pass. However, the rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So if the path goes through Zaragoza (yours), they don't stop; they continue. So they can reach Madrid. But the march distance: Huesca to Zaragoza is 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast? Actually report: "from [20] Huesca to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". That's to Teruel. To Zaragoza: [20] connects to [17] directly. Distance? Not given, but we can estimate. Probably similar. So Huesca could attack Madrid, but its force is only 4 spear, attack 4, even with bonus (if enemy archers, no bonus) would lose. So not good.

Better: use Zaragoza to attack Pamplona (with bonus) and use other villages to reinforce Zaragoza or attack other neutrals.

We also have Valencia with 2 spear, can attack Murcia but too weak. We could send troops from other villages to Valencia to build up a force. For example, send from Castellon or Teruel to Valencia. Castellon has 2 spear, Teruel has 9. Teruel to Valencia: [13] to [16] is direct? Road: [13] Teruel connects to [16] Valencia. So 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns according to report for Teruel to Valencia? Actually report: "from [13] Teruel to your nearest border village [13] Teruel" is weird. For Valencia: "from [16] Valencia to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So reverse same. So Teruel to Valencia takes 1 turn of each speed. So we could send troops from Teruel to Valencia, they arrive next turn? Actually if we send this turn, they will be on march for 1 turn (for fast) or more. But we can send them to Valencia, and then next turn they can attack Murcia. However, we need to consider that the enemy might act.

We also have rear villages: Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Castellon. They can build troops and send to front. We need to start building up troops.

Let's consider building. We have resources. We should build troops in villages that have excess resources. We can build spearman cheaply, archers need iron, knights need lots. We probably want a mix. Since we face enemy with many spearmen (Toledo has 8 spear), we might want archers to counter. But we also face neutrals with archers and knights. We need versatile army.

We could build archers in villages with iron. Tarragona has 90 iron, can build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) leaving 30 wood, 60 iron. Or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) leaving 0 wood, 30 iron. Or 4 spear (60 wood) leaving 0 wood, 90 iron. We might want to build a mix. Since we need to attack, we might build knights for fast movement and high attack. But knights are expensive.

Let's think about the immediate threat: enemy at Toledo may attack Teruel. Teruel has 9 troops, defense 23 (effective). Enemy has 10 troops, attack? 8 spear (8) + 1 archer (2) + 1 knight (4) = 14. Most numerous spear. If they attack, their attack 14 vs our defense 23, they lose. But they might get bonus if their most numerous counters ours? Our most numerous at Teruel: 4 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight. Most numerous spear (4). Enemy most numerous spear (8). Spear vs spear: no counter. So no bonus. So they would likely lose. But they could bring reinforcements from other villages. We don't know enemy villages besides Toledo. They have capital Lisboa and others. They might send troops from elsewhere to Toledo. But we see no armies on march.

We need to decide orders. Let's propose a plan:

Plan: This turn, we will:
- Build troops in several villages to increase army.
- Send reinforcements from rear villages to front villages to prepare for attacks.
- Attack neutral villages with forces that can win.

Specifically:
- Zaragoza has enough to capture either Madrid or Pamplona. Let's pick Pamplona because we get counter bonus and it's a knight village, which might produce knights? Actually neutral villages produce resources like any other. But capturing a knight village might have knights already? The garrison is 5 knights; when we capture, we defeat them, they are destroyed, we get the village with no troops initially. We can then build there. So no inherent advantage. But the bonus might reduce losses. However, Madrid is also valuable. Let's see which is more strategically located. Madrid (12) connects to [7], [8], [14], [17]. It opens paths to Salamanca, Burgos, and Toledo. Pamplona (19) connects to [14], [17], [20]. It opens path to Burgos. Both lead to unexplored areas. Madrid is closer to enemy capital? Actually Lisboa is far southwest. Madrid is central. Capturing Madrid would give us a border with Toledo (enemy) and with Salamanca (neutral? unexplored). That might be good to push into enemy territory. Pamplona is more north.

We could attack Madrid with Zaragoza, and also send from Huesca to reinforce Zaragoza? But Huesca to Zaragoza is short. Or we could send from Zaragoza to Madrid, and from other villages to Zaragoza to replace losses.

But we need to consider that we can only send one movement per village. So each village can send troops to one destination.

Let's list all our villages and what they can do:

1. Barcelona (22): 2 spear. Can build. Could send to Tarragona (21) or Girona (23) or to front? Nearest front is Zaragoza via Tarragona. But sending to Tarragona to reinforce, then later to Zaragoza. Or build here.
2. Tarragona (21): 3 troops (1 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight). Can send to Zaragoza (17) or Castellon (18) or Barcelona. Probably send to Zaragoza to reinforce.
3. Girona (23): 1 knight. Can send to Huesca (20) or Tarragona or Barcelona. Send to Huesca to reinforce.
4. Castellon (18): 2 spear. Can send to Valencia (16) or Teruel (13) or Tarragona. Send to Valencia to help attack Murcia.
5. Zaragoza (17): 14 troops. Can attack Madrid or Pamplona, or send to Huesca or Teruel. We'll attack one.
6. Huesca (20): 4 spear. Can attack Pamplona? Too weak. Could send to Zaragoza? But if Zaragoza attacks, we might want Huesca to defend or attack something else. Could send to Pamplona? But if Zaragoza also attacks Pamplona, they fight separately. Better to combine forces: send Huesca to Zaragoza to reinforce, then next turn attack together. But that delays attack. Alternatively, Huesca could attack Pamplona alone if we send reinforcements from elsewhere first. But we can't reinforce in same turn.
7. Valencia (16): 2 spear. Could attack Murcia (too weak) or send to Teruel or Castellon. Probably send to Teruel to reinforce, or build.
8. Teruel (13): 9 troops. Could attack Toledo (likely lose), or send to Zaragoza or Valencia. If we send to Valencia, we can build up force for Murcia. Or send to Zaragoza to reinforce.

We need to decide which neutral to attack first. Let's consider capturing Madrid with Zaragoza. If we send all 14 troops from Zaragoza to Madrid, we win, but we lose some troops. After capture, Madrid becomes ours, we can build there. But we also need to consider that Zaragoza will be left with fewer troops. Zaragoza is interior, but it's our main stronghold. If we strip it, we might be vulnerable if enemy attacks from Toledo or elsewhere. But enemy at Toledo is not adjacent to Zaragoza directly; road: Toledo (8) connects to [4], [11], [12], [13]. So Toledo to Madrid (12) is direct, and Madrid to Zaragoza (17) is direct. So if we capture Madrid, enemy could attack Madrid from Toledo. So we would need to garrison Madrid. Our troops from Zaragoza would be in Madrid after attack, so they become garrison. That's fine. But then Zaragoza might be weak. However, Zaragoza is not directly on enemy border unless we capture Madrid, then Madrid becomes border. So it's okay.

Alternatively, attack Pamplona with Zaragoza. Pamplona is not adjacent to any enemy village currently (unexplored around, but enemy might have villages there). But it's safer maybe.

Let's think about the enemy. We don't know their other villages. They have Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, etc. They might have troops elsewhere. But we see no armies on march. So they might be building.

We should also build troops to increase our army. We have many wood and iron. We should build spearman and archers and knights as we can.

Let's compute optimal builds for each village considering resources and strategic need.

We want to build troops that are effective. Since we need to attack, we might want a mix. But we can build in any village. We should build in villages that have high iron if we want archers/knights. Tarragona, Girona, Castellon, Huesca, Valencia have good iron. Barcelona has 70 iron, can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 4 spears. Zaragoza has only 40 iron, so limited archers/knights.

We also need to consider travel time. If we build in rear villages, they need to march to front. That takes turns. So it's better to build in front villages if possible, to have troops ready quickly. But front villages have limited resources and might be needed for attack.

Teruel has only 30 wood, 20 iron. Can build 2 spear or 1 archer. Not much.

Zaragoza has 60 wood, 40 iron. Can build 4 spear (60 wood) or 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). We might build 4 spear to quickly reinforce, or mix.

Let's decide on a concrete move for this turn.

I propose:
- Build 4 spearman in Barcelona (uses 60 wood, 0 iron) -> increases troops there.
- Build 3 archers in Tarragona (uses 60 wood, 30 iron) -> leaves 0 wood, 60 iron.
- Build 2 knights in Girona? Girona has 60 wood, 90 iron. Could build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) leaving 0 wood, 30 iron. Or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Knights are fast and high attack, but expensive. We might want archers for counter.
- Build 4 spearman in Castellon (60 wood) -> leaves 0 wood, 100 iron.
- Build 4 spearman in Zaragoza (60 wood) -> leaves 0 wood, 40 iron.
- Build 4 spearman in Huesca (60 wood) -> leaves 0 wood, 60 iron.
- Build 4 spearman in Valencia (60 wood) -> leaves 0 wood, 60 iron.
- Build 2 spearman in Teruel (30 wood) -> leaves 0 wood, 20 iron.

But we can only build what village can pay for now. We need to ensure resources are available. The resources listed are current stock. So we can build as long as we have enough.

We also need to send movements. Let's plan to attack Madrid with Zaragoza. Send all troops from Zaragoza to Madrid: 11 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight. That's 14 troops. Attack power 21, defense 13, win. We'll lose some troops. After win, Madrid becomes ours, surviving troops garrison there.

But we might want to keep some troops in Zaragoza for defense. However, Zaragoza is interior, no enemy border currently. After we capture Madrid, Madrid becomes border. So it's okay to send all.

We also need to reinforce other fronts. Let's send from Tarragona to Zaragoza: send 1 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight? That would leave Tarragona with 0? But we can build in Tarragona this turn, so the new troops won't be ready until next turn. We can send existing troops. Tarragona has 3 troops. If we send them to Zaragoza, Zaragoza gets reinforcements, but they take time to arrive (2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns from Tarragona to Zaragoza? Actually report: from Tarragona to nearest border village [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. To Zaragoza: Tarragona connects to [17] Zaragoza directly? Road: [21] Tarragona connects to [17], [18], [22]. So Tarragona to Zaragoza is direct. Distance? Not given, but likely similar to Teruel? Actually from Tarragona to Teruel: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast. To Zaragoza might be shorter? Not sure. We'll assume 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast. So they arrive in 1 fast turn? Actually march time: if we send this turn, they will arrive after the specified turns. For fast troops, 1 turn means they arrive at the end of the next turn? Usually in these games, a turn is a day; if it takes 1 fast turn, they arrive in 1 turn, meaning they are on march for this turn and arrive at the beginning of the next turn? The rules: "Marching takes turns, and during those turns the enemy keeps building and moving." So if we order a march, the troops leave and arrive after the travel time. So if travel time is 1 fast turn, they would arrive at the same time as if they were built? Actually building takes 1 turn. So if we build this turn, they are ready at end of turn? The rules: "ready in 1 turn." So they are available to send the next turn. For movement, if we send this turn, they start marching and arrive after X turns. So if we send from Tarragona to Zaragoza with 1 fast turn, they would arrive at the end of this turn? Or next turn? Typically, if it's 1 turn, they arrive at the end of the turn, so they can participate in combat next turn? The report says "march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns". That suggests the number is how many turns the march takes. So if it's 1 fast turn, they would arrive at the end of this turn? But the orders are simultaneous, so they march during this turn and arrive at the end? Actually, the game likely resolves movements at the end of the turn. So if we order a march of 1 fast turn, they will arrive at the end of this turn, after builds and other movements? But the enemy also moves. Usually, in these games, troops that are sent arrive at the beginning of the next turn, or at the end of the turn? The rules: "Marching takes turns, and during those turns the enemy keeps building and moving. The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival." This implies that when you send troops, they are on march for several turns, and during those turns, the enemy can react. So if you send troops to attack a village, they arrive after the travel time, and by then the enemy may have reinforced. So sending troops with 1 fast turn means they arrive next turn? Let's interpret: If travel time is 1 fast turn, they will be on march for 1 turn, so they arrive at the beginning of the next turn? Or at the end of this turn? The phrase "ready in 1 turn" for building means they are built at the end of the turn. For movement, if it takes 1 turn, they would arrive at the end of the turn. But since orders are simultaneous, if you send troops to attack, they fight at the end of the turn? Actually, combat happens when they meet. If you send troops to attack a village, they march and arrive, then fight. If it takes 1 turn, they arrive and fight at the end of the turn? But the enemy also moves. I think the standard interpretation in these types of games is that all movements are resolved simultaneously, and battles occur when armies meet. If you send an army to an enemy village, it will arrive and attack at the end of the turn (or during the turn) and the result is known. But the report says "The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival." That suggests that if you send troops to attack, they will arrive later, and the defense might change by then. So if you send troops that take multiple turns, the enemy might build more defenses. So it's better to send troops that arrive quickly.

Given that, we should consider that sending reinforcements to Zaragoza might take 2 turns for slow troops, so they wouldn't help for an attack this turn. If we want to attack Madrid this turn, we must use Zaragoza's current troops. If we send reinforcements from elsewhere, they won't arrive in time. So we should attack with what we have.

Thus, for this turn, we can:
- Attack Madrid with Zaragoza.
- Attack Pamplona with Huesca? But Huesca too weak. Could attack with Zaragoza instead.
- Attack Murcia with Valencia? Too weak.
- Attack Toledo with Teruel? Likely lose.

We could also send troops from Teruel to Zaragoza to reinforce for future, but they won't arrive for this turn's attack.

Maybe we should not attack this turn, but instead build up forces and reinforce, then attack next turn when we have larger armies. However, we need to expand quickly to reach 18 villages. The enemy might also expand. We should seize the initiative.

Let's consider attacking Pamplona with Zaragoza. Why? Because we get counter bonus (spear vs knight), so we win with fewer losses. Also, Pamplona is not adjacent to enemy currently, so it's safer. After capturing Pamplona, we can then move against Burgos (14) or other neutrals. Madrid is adjacent to Toledo, so capturing it might immediately put us at war with Toledo, but we already are at war with Toledo (it's enemy). Actually, we are already at war with King A; Toledo is their village. So capturing Madrid would give us a border with Toledo, which might be good to attack Toledo from multiple sides. But it also means Toledo can attack Madrid. We would need to defend Madrid. However, if we capture Madrid with Zaragoza's troops, they become garrison, so it's defended.

Which is more valuable? Madrid is larger? Not sure. Both are neutral villages. Madrid connects to many roads: [7], [8], [14], [17]. That gives access to Salamanca, Burgos, and Toledo. Pamplona connects to [14], [17], [20]. So both give access to Burgos. Madrid gives access to Salamanca and Toledo. So Madrid is more central.

Also, we have Huesca near Pamplona. If we capture Pamplona, we can use Huesca to reinforce it. If we capture Madrid, we have Zaragoza near it, but Zaragoza will be depleted.

Let's think about the enemy's possible moves. They might attack Teruel. Teruel has 9 troops, defense 23. Enemy Toledo has 10 troops, attack 14. They would lose. But they could send reinforcements from other villages to Toledo, then attack. We don't know where their other villages are. They have Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, etc. Those are far. They might have troops there. They could send them to Toledo. That would take many turns. So immediate threat is low.

We should focus on building our economy. Capturing a neutral village gives us +30 wood, +20 iron per turn, and a new building slot. So it's a big boost.

I think we should attack Madrid with Zaragoza this turn. Why? Because Madrid is a key hub. Also, we can send from Tarragona and Barcelona to reinforce Zaragoza after the attack? Actually, if we send all Zaragoza troops to Madrid, Zaragoza will have 0 troops. That leaves it vulnerable? But it's interior, no enemy border. The only way enemy can reach Zaragoza is through Madrid (after we capture it, they could attack Madrid, then from Madrid to Zaragoza). Or through Teruel? Teruel is ours, but it's a border with Toledo. Enemy could attack Teruel, win, then from Teruel to Zaragoza? Road: Teruel to Zaragoza direct. So if enemy captures Teruel, they could attack Zaragoza. So we need to defend Teruel. Teruel currently has 9 troops. If we don't reinforce, it might fall if enemy attacks with enough force. But we see no enemy armies marching. So maybe it's safe.

Alternatively, we could send some troops from Zaragoza to Teruel to reinforce, and attack Madrid with a smaller force? But we need to win. If we send, say, 5 troops to Teruel, leaving 9 in Zaragoza, then Zaragoza attacks Madrid with 9. Attack power: 9 troops mix? We need to calculate. Zaragoza currently has 11 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight. If we send, say, 5 spear to Teruel, leaving 6 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight = 9 troops. Attack: 6+2+8=16. Defense 13, still win. But we lose more troops? Actually, the more troops we send, the more damage we do, but also we lose more? The winner loses half of loser's effective force. Loser effective force is 13, half is 6.5. So regardless of our size, we lose troops worth about 6.5. So using more troops doesn't increase our losses proportionally; it actually reduces the share of our army lost. So it's better to send a larger army to reduce percentage loss. But if we send all, we lose some, but we capture the village and the survivors become garrison. If we leave some in Zaragoza, we might have a reserve. But Zaragoza is safe for now.

Maybe we should send all Zaragoza troops to Madrid, and also send reinforcements from other villages to Madrid to help with losses? But they won't arrive in time. They would arrive later and could reinforce the garrison.

Let's decide on builds and movements.

I'll propose:
- Build: in many villages, build spearman to quickly increase numbers, since spearman is cheap and counters knight. But we also need archers for spearman counter. We can build archers in Tarragona and Girona.
- Movements: Zaragoza attacks Madrid. Tarragona sends troops to Zaragoza to reinforce. Girona sends knight to Huesca. Castellon sends spear to Valencia. Huesca sends spear to Zaragoza? Or to Pamplona? Valencia sends spear to Teruel? Teruel sends some troops to Valencia? Let's think.

We want to build up a force to attack Murcia eventually. Valencia is the launch point. So we can send troops from Castellon and Teruel to Valencia. Teruel to Valencia is 1 turn, so they arrive next turn. Then next turn we can attack Murcia with combined forces.

Also, we want to reinforce Zaragoza for future. Tarragona and Huesca can send to Zaragoza.

Let's check distances:
- Tarragona to Zaragoza: road direct. Travel time? Not given, but from report: "from [21] Tarragona to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". That's to Teruel. To Zaragoza might be similar or shorter. We'll assume 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast.
- Huesca to Zaragoza: [20] to [17] direct. Report: "from [20] Huesca to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". To Zaragoza might be 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast? Not sure. We'll use the given: from Huesca to Teruel is 2/2/1. To Zaragoza is probably similar. We'll assume 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast.
- Castellon to Valencia: [18] to [16] direct. Report: "from [18] Castellon to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". To Valencia might be similar. Actually, Castellon connects to [13], [16], [21]. So to Valencia is direct. Distance? Not given. We'll assume 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast? Actually from Castellon to Teruel is 2/1/1. To Valencia might be shorter? Not sure. We'll use the same as to Teruel? But Valencia is closer? Let's check road: [18] Castellon to [16] Valencia is one road. Probably 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast? We need to be careful. The report gives distances from each village to its nearest border village. For Castellon, nearest border is Teruel (13) with 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. For Valencia, nearest border is Teruel with 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. So Castellon to Valencia might be similar to Castellon to Teruel? Actually, Castellon to Teruel is 2/1/1. Castellon to Valencia might be less? Not sure. We can just send from Castellon to Valencia, and the travel time will be whatever it is. We'll specify the troops.

- Teruel to Valencia: [13] to [16] direct. Report: from Teruel to nearest border? Actually Teruel is border itself. From Teruel to Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast (as per Valencia's report: from Valencia to Teruel: 1/1/1). So reverse is same.

- Barcelona to Tarragona: [22] to [21] direct. Report: from Barcelona to nearest border? Not given. But we can send.

- Girona to Huesca: [23] to [20] direct. Report: from Girona to nearest border? Not given. But we can send.

We also need to consider that we can send troops to a village we own to reinforce. So we can send from Barcelona to Tarragona, then later to Zaragoza. But that's slow.

Maybe we should focus on building this turn and not send too many marching troops, to preserve them for future attacks. But we need to expand.

Let's consider the resource situation. We have 8 villages. Each turn we get 8*30=240 wood, 8*20=160 iron. That's a lot. We can build many troops. But each village has a cap of 300 troops. We are far from that.

We should build as many troops as possible this turn to increase our army. Then next turn, we can attack with larger forces.

Let's calculate maximum builds per village given resources:

We'll list each village's wood and iron, and what we can build.

Barcelona (22): wood 60, iron 70.
Options: 4 spear (60 wood, 0 iron) -> 4 spear.
Or 3 archer (60 wood, 30 iron) -> 3 archer.
Or 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron) -> 2 knight.
Or mix: 2 spear (30 wood) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 knight? Not enough wood. Let's just build 4 spear for simplicity and to increase numbers quickly. Spear also counters knight, which is good against Pamplona and maybe enemy knights.

Tarragona (21): wood 60, iron 90.
Can build 4 spear (60 wood) -> 4 spear.
Or 3 archer (60 wood, 30 iron) -> 3 archer.
Or 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron) -> 2 knight.
Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spear (15 wood) = 65 wood >60, no.
Better: 3 archer uses 60 wood, 30 iron, leaves 60 iron. Or 2 knight uses 60 wood, 60 iron, leaves 30 iron. We might want archers to counter spear. Let's build 3 archers.

Girona (23): wood 60, iron 90.
Similar: build 3 archers or 2 knights. Let's build 2 knights for fast attack power.

Castellon (18): wood 60, iron 100.
Build 4 spear (60 wood) or 3 archer (60 wood, 30 iron) or 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron). Let's build 4 spear.

Zaragoza (17): wood 60, iron 40.
Build 4 spear (60 wood) or 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 4 spear to reinforce numbers.

Huesca (20): wood 60, iron 60.
Build 4 spear (60 wood) or 3 archer (60 wood, 30 iron) or 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron). Let's build 4 spear.

Valencia (16): wood 60, iron 60.
Build 4 spear (60 wood) or 3 archer (60 wood, 30 iron) or 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron). Let's build 4 spear.

Teruel (13): wood 30, iron 20.
Build 2 spear (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Let's build 2 spear.

Total builds: many spear. That will give us a lot of spearman. But we also need archers and knights for counter. We have some already. We can build archers in Tarragona and Girona. Let's do that.

Now movements: We need to decide who attacks what.

Option A: Zaragoza attacks Madrid. Send all 14 troops (11 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight). After win, Madrid captured, survivors garrison.

But we might want to keep some troops in Zaragoza. If we send all, Zaragoza has 0. Then we rely on reinforcements from other villages to rebuild Zaragoza. That's okay.

Option B: Zaragoza attacks Pamplona. With counter bonus, we win easily. But then Madrid remains neutral, and we can attack it later from Zaragoza after we reinforce. However, if we attack Pamplona, we use Zaragoza's troops, and Huesca could attack Pamplona too? No, they fight separately. Better to combine.

I think attacking Madrid is good because it opens paths to the west, towards the enemy capital. Also, Madrid is a hub.

Let's check if we can win with Zaragoza against Madrid. We have 11 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight. Attack: 11 + 2 + 8 = 21. Defense 13. We win. Losses: we lose troops worth half of 13 = 6.5. How are losses distributed? "spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself." It says the winner loses troops worth half of the loser's effective force. The loser's effective force is 13. So we lose 6.5 worth of troops. What is the "worth" of a troop? Probably its cost? Or maybe its attack/defense value? Not specified. Usually in these games, troops are lost based on their cost or a point value. Since it says "spread over its troop types", it might mean we lose a number of troops whose total cost roughly equals half the loser's effective force. But we don't know the exact conversion. We can assume we'll lose some troops, but not all. Since our army is larger, we might lose a few spearman or archers. After battle, the surviving troops stay in the captured village as garrison. So Madrid will have some troops.

If we send all, Zaragoza becomes empty. That might be risky if enemy attacks Zaragoza. But enemy has no direct path to Zaragoza except through Madrid or Teruel. If they attack Teruel, they could then go to Zaragoza. But Teruel is defended. We can reinforce Teruel.

Let's consider sending some troops from Zaragoza to Teruel first, to strengthen Teruel, and then attack Madrid with the rest. But if we send to Teruel, they will be on march to Teruel, not available for attack this turn. So we can't use them for Madrid. We could order Zaragoza to send some troops to Teruel, and also order Zaragoza to attack Madrid with the rest? But a village can only send one army per turn? The rules: "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS". Can a village both send troops and build? Yes, build and move are separate. But can a village send troops to two different destinations? The JSON allows multiple movements from the same fromId? The schema says "movements": [ {"fromId": ..., "toId": ..., "troops": {...}} ]. It doesn't forbid multiple movements from the same fromId. But typically in these games, a village can only send one army per turn. However, the problem statement doesn't explicitly say a village can only send one army. It says "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." It doesn't say you can split. But the JSON structure allows multiple entries. I think we can send multiple armies from the same village, but they would all leave at the same time. However, the troops available are limited. We can split the garrison. Is there a rule against it? Usually in these games, you can send part of your garrison. The example in the prompt doesn't show multiple from same village, but it might be allowed. Let's check the rules: "Each village you hold produces resources every turn... Only order a build the village can pay for now." "MOVEMENTS: Armies march along the ROAD NETWORK... An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours... Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." It doesn't say you can't send from the same village twice. But it might be implicitly one order per village? Actually, in many similar games, you can only give one movement order per village per turn. But the JSON schema doesn't restrict it. I'll assume we can send multiple armies from the same village, as long as we have the troops. However, to be safe, maybe we should send one army per village. But we can split the troops into two groups? The JSON allows multiple movements with the same fromId. I'll use that if needed.

But let's think: if we send some troops from Zaragoza to Teruel and some to Madrid, they would both leave this turn. They would march along different paths? Zaragoza to Teruel is direct, Zaragoza to Madrid is direct. They would be separate armies. That might be okay.

However, if we attack Madrid, we want a large army to minimize losses. Splitting might make both armies weaker. Better to send all to Madrid.

What about defending Teruel? Teruel has 9 troops. If we don't reinforce, it might be vulnerable. But we can send reinforcements from other villages to Teruel. For example, Valencia can send to Teruel (1 turn). Castellon can send to Teruel (2 turns). Huesca can send to Teruel (2 turns). We can send some troops to Teruel to reinforce.

Let's plan movements:

- Zaragoza: attack Madrid. Send all available: 11 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight.
- Tarragona: send to Zaragoza to reinforce: send 1 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight? Or just send 1 archer and 1 knight? Tarragona has 3 troops. We might want to keep some for defense, but Tarragona is interior, safe. Send all 3 to Zaragoza: 1 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight. They will arrive in 2 turns (fast) or more.
- Girona: send to Huesca: send 1 knight (the only troop). Huesca can then use it.
- Castellon: send to Valencia: send 2 spear (all). Valencia gets reinforcements.
- Huesca: send to Zaragoza? Or to Pamplona? Huesca has 4 spear. Could send to Zaragoza to reinforce, or to attack Pamplona? If we send to Pamplona, they would attack alone and lose. Better to send to Zaragoza.
- Valencia: send to Teruel? Valencia has 2 spear. Could send to Teruel to reinforce. Or send to Murcia to attack? Too weak. Send to Teruel.
- Teruel: send to Zaragoza? Teruel has 9 troops. We could send some to Zaragoza to reinforce, but they would take 2 turns. Or send to Valencia? Or attack Toledo? Let's not attack Toledo yet. Maybe send some to Valencia to help attack Murcia later. Or send all to Zaragoza? But if we send all, Teruel becomes empty, vulnerable. We should keep some in Teruel for defense. Let's send, say, 5 spear from Teruel to Valencia? Or 4 spear, keep 5? Actually Teruel has 4 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight. We could send the 3 knight to Valencia? Knights are fast, they can arrive quickly. Teruel to Valencia: 1 fast turn. So if we send knights, they arrive next turn. Then next turn Valencia can attack Murcia with knights. That might be good. Let's send 3 knight from Teruel to Valencia. Keep 4 spear, 2 archer in Teruel for defense.
- Barcelona: send to Tarragona? Barcelona has 2 spear. Could send to Tarragona to pass to Zaragoza. Or keep for build. Let's send 2 spear to Tarragona.

We also need to build. Let's finalize builds:

We want to build a mix. Let's build:
- Barcelona: 4 spear (but we only have 2 currently, building 4 gives 6 total? Actually build adds to garrison. We have 2, build 4 -> 6. But we might send some away. We can build and then send in future.)
- Tarragona: 3 archer (adds to 1 existing archer? Actually we have 1 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight. Building 3 archer gives 1 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight. Then we can send some.)
- Girona: 2 knight (adds to 1 existing knight -> 3 knight)
- Castellon: 4 spear (adds to 2 -> 6 spear)
- Zaragoza: 4 spear (adds to 11 -> 15 spear, but we are sending all to Madrid? If we build this turn, the new troops are ready in 1 turn, so they are available at the end of this turn? "ready in 1 turn" means they are built at the end of the turn, so they can be used for movement next turn. So if we build this turn, we cannot send them this turn. So we should only build troops that we will keep or send next turn. If we plan to attack Madrid this turn with Zaragoza's current troops, we cannot use the newly built ones. So building in Zaragoza this turn is fine; they will be ready next turn and can be used to reinforce Zaragoza after we deplete it. So that's good.
- Huesca: 4 spear (adds to 4 -> 8 spear)
- Valencia: 4 spear (adds to 2 -> 6 spear)
- Teruel: 2 spear (adds to 4 -> 6 spear, plus we have 2 archer, 3 knight)

Now, if we attack Madrid with Zaragoza's current 14 troops, we win. But we lose some. The new builds in Zaragoza (4 spear) will be ready next turn, so Zaragoza will have 4 spear next turn, plus any reinforcements arriving.

Let's check the timing of reinforcements. If we send from Tarragona to Zaragoza this turn, they will arrive after travel time. Travel time: from Tarragona to Zaragoza: we need to know exact turns. Not given. Let's assume 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast. If we send 1 spear (slow), 1 archer (medium), 1 knight (fast), they will arrive at different times? The rule: "A MIXED army marches at the speed of its SLOWEST troop." So if we send a mixed army, they all travel at the speed of the slowest. So if we send spear (slow), archer (medium), knight (fast), the army moves at slow speed. So they will take the slow time: 2 turns? Actually "2 slow" means 2 turns for slow troop. So the whole army takes 2 turns to arrive. So they will arrive at the end of turn 12? Or turn 11? If we order on turn 11, they march during turn 11 and arrive at the beginning of turn 12? Or end of turn 11? Typically, if it takes 2 turns, they arrive on turn 13. Let's clarify: The report says "march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns". That means if you send a slow troop, it takes 5 turns to arrive. So if you send on turn 11, it arrives on turn 16. So the number is the number of turns until arrival, including the current turn? Usually in these games, the turn count is the number of turns from now. So if it's 1 fast turn, they arrive next turn. If it's 2 slow, they arrive in 2 turns, i.e., the turn after next. So we need to be precise.

Let's assume the travel time is the number of turns you have to wait until they arrive, not counting the current turn. So if we order on turn 11, and travel time is 1 fast turn, they arrive on turn 12. If 2 slow, they arrive on turn 13.

Given that, sending reinforcements from Tarragona to Zaragoza with slow speed (2 turns) means they arrive on turn 13. That's okay.

But for attacking Madrid this turn, we need the troops to arrive and fight this turn. If Zaragoza sends to Madrid, what is the travel time? Madrid is adjacent to Zaragoza. From report: "march from [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Madrid? Actually the report says: "[12] Madrid ... march from [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So travel time is 1 turn for all speeds. That means if we send this turn, they arrive next turn? Or this turn? The phrase "march from [x]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" suggests it takes 1 turn for any troop type. So if we send on turn 11, they will arrive on turn 12. But we want to attack this turn? Actually, the game might resolve movements at the end of the turn. If we send troops to attack, they march and arrive at the end of the turn, and combat happens then. But the report says "The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival." That implies that if you send troops, they will arrive later, and the defense might change. So if it takes 1 turn, they arrive next turn, and the defense you see today is not the defense they will face. So if we want to attack Madrid, we should have sent troops earlier. But we are on turn 11, and we see Madrid's defense is 13. If we send now, they arrive turn 12, and by then the defense might have increased (neutral villages harden every 5 turns: +1 troop every 5 turns). It's been 5 turns since last seen? The report says "was 10, 5 turns ago". So it increased from 10 to 13 over 5 turns? Actually effective defense 13, was 10, 5 turns ago. So it gained +3 over 5 turns? That's +1 every 5 turns? It says "every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type." So Madrid had 5 archers initially? It says garrison: 5 archers. So maybe it started with 2 archers and gained 3 over 15 turns? Not sure. But it will continue to gain troops every 5 turns. So if we wait, it gets stronger.

But the travel time to Madrid is 1 turn. So if we send this turn, they arrive next turn, and the defense might be higher? Actually, the neutral village hardens every 5 turns, not every turn. So it might not change next turn. But the enemy could also send reinforcements. However, Madrid is neutral, so no enemy reinforcements. So its defense will only increase every 5 turns. Since it just increased 5 turns ago, it won't increase again for another 5 turns. So defense will remain 13 for a while. So we can attack next turn with the same defense.

But wait: if we send troops this turn, they arrive next turn. So the attack happens on turn 12. On turn 12, we could also send more troops? No, they would arrive later. So we should send the attack force now.

But we also have the option to not attack this turn, but instead build up and attack next turn with a larger force. However, if we attack now with Zaragoza's current troops, we capture Madrid next turn. That gives us the village sooner. So it's better to attack now.

So let's order: Zaragoza sends all troops to Madrid. They will arrive next turn (turn 12) and fight. On turn 12, we will see the results.

Now, what about other movements? We can send reinforcements to Zaragoza to prepare for future. We can send from Tarragona, Huesca, etc.

Let's decide on specific numbers.

We need to output JSON with build, movements, plan, statement.

Let's design the moves:

Builds:
- Barcelona: build 4 spearman
- Tarragona: build 3 archer
- Girona: build 2 knight
- Castellon: build 4 spearman
- Zaragoza: build 4 spearman
- Huesca: build 4 spearman
- Valencia: build 4 spearman
- Teruel: build 2 spearman

Movements:
- Zaragoza to Madrid: send all troops: 11 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight.
- Tarragona to Zaragoza: send 1 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight (all available). They will march at slow speed (2 turns) and arrive turn 13.
- Girona to Huesca: send 1 knight (all available). Travel time? Girona to Huesca: [23] to [20] direct. Not given. Assume 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast? Actually from Girona to nearest border? Not in report. We'll assume similar to others: maybe 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast? Let's just send; the exact time will be known. We'll send 1 knight.
- Castellon to Valencia: send 2 spear (all). Travel time: Castellon to Valencia: direct. Assume 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast? Actually from Castellon to Teruel is 2/1/1. To Valencia might be similar. We'll send.
- Huesca to Zaragoza: send 4 spear (all). Travel time: Huesca to Zaragoza: direct. Assume 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast? From Huesca to Teruel is 2/2/1. To Zaragoza might be similar. Send all 4 spear.
- Valencia to Teruel: send 2 spear (all). Travel time: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast (as per Teruel to Valencia). So they arrive next turn.
- Teruel to Valencia: send 3 knight. Travel time: 1 fast turn. Arrive next turn.
- Barcelona to Tarragona: send 2 spear (all). Travel time: Barcelona to Tarragona: direct. Not given. Assume 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast? Actually from Barcelona to nearest border? Not in report. We'll send.

But wait: if we send all troops from many villages, they become empty. Is that okay? For interior villages, they are safe as long as no enemy can reach them. The enemy can only reach them through captured villages. So it's okay to send all troops to front. However, we might want to keep some troops for defense of our own villages if they are attacked. But we don't see any enemy armies marching. So it's probably safe.

But we need to consider that the enemy might attack our border villages this turn. Our border villages are: Teruel (border with Toledo), and after we capture Madrid, Madrid becomes border. Also, Zaragoza faces Madrid and Pamplona, but they are neutral, so not enemy. Huesca faces Pamplona (neutral). Valencia faces Murcia (neutral). So currently, only Teruel is border with enemy. So we should ensure Teruel has enough troops to defend against a possible attack from Toledo. Teruel currently has 9 troops (4 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight). If we send 3 knight to Valencia, Teruel will have 4 spear, 2 archer. That's 6 troops, effective defense 23. Enemy Toledo has 10 troops, attack 14. They would lose. So it's probably fine. But if we also send 2 spear from Valencia to Teruel, that would actually reinforce Teruel? Wait, Valencia to Teruel: we send 2 spear from Valencia to Teruel. That would arrive next turn. So this turn, Teruel's garrison is unchanged (except we send away 3 knight, so they leave this turn? Actually, if we order Teruel to send 3 knight to Valencia, those knights leave Teruel this turn and are on march. So Teruel's garrison for defense this turn is still the original 9? Or does the departure happen immediately? In simultaneous orders, if we send troops away, they are no longer available for defense this turn? The rules: "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." So the snapshot includes the current garrisons. When you send troops, they are part of the garrison at the start of the turn, and they leave. But if the enemy attacks, do they fight with the troops that were there at the start, or after departures? Typically, in these games, all movements happen first, then battles. But the rules: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there... When an attack conquers a village, the surviving attackers stay there as its new garrison." It doesn't specify the order of resolution. However, the phrase "over the same snapshot" suggests that the enemy sees your villages as they are, and your orders are written based on that snapshot. So if you send troops away, they are still considered part of the village for defense? Actually, if you send troops from A to B, they are on the march. If enemy attacks A at the same time, do they fight? The rules: "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there... Your own armies never fight each other: they pass freely." If an enemy army attacks A, and you have sent some troops away, those troops are on the road. They might meet the enemy on the road? But if the enemy is attacking A, they would meet your departing troops if they cross paths. It's complicated. Usually, in these games, if you send troops away from a village, they are removed from that village's defense and are on the march. If the enemy attacks that village, they will fight the remaining garrison. The departing troops might arrive at their destination and then fight. But since orders are simultaneous, it's possible that both happen. To be safe, we should not strip a border village that might be attacked. Teruel is a border village. If we send 3 knight away, its defense drops. But we also send 2 spear from Valencia to Teruel, which will arrive later. So net, Teruel loses 3 knight this turn, but gains 2 spear next turn. Its effective defense currently is 23 with 9 troops. If we remove 3 knight, the remaining 6 troops: 4 spear (def 2 each =8), 2 archer (def 2 each =4) total base 12. Location bonus x1.25 = 15. So effective defense becomes 15, down from 23. That's a big drop. Enemy attack 14 vs 15, they would lose but close. If they had any reinforcements, they might win. So it's risky to send troops away from Teruel.

Maybe we should keep the knights in Teruel for defense, and instead send something else? Or not send from Teruel at all. We can send from other villages to Teruel to reinforce, rather than taking from it.

Let's rethink movements to preserve Teruel's defense.

Teruel has 9 troops. We want to eventually attack Toledo, but we need a larger army. We can build in Teruel (2 spear) to increase its garrison. We can send reinforcements from other villages to Teruel. For example, Valencia can send its 2 spear to Teruel (reinforce). Castellon can send 2 spear to Teruel? Castellon to Teruel is 2/1/1, so they'd take 2 turns. Huesca can send to Teruel? Huesca to Teruel is 2/2/1. Zaragoza can send to Teruel? Zaragoza to Teruel is 2/1/1. But if Zaragoza is attacking Madrid, we might not want to send from there.

We should keep Teruel strong. So let's not send troops away from Teruel. Instead, send troops to Teruel.

Revised movements:
- Zaragoza: attack Madrid (send all 14).
- Tarragona: send to Zaragoza (reinforce) - but Zaragoza will be empty after sending to Madrid. Actually, if Zaragoza sends all to Madrid, Zaragoza's garrison becomes 0. Then if we send from Tarragona to Zaragoza, they will arrive later and reinforce Zaragoza. That's fine.
- Girona: send to Huesca (reinforce Huesca, which is near Pamplona).
- Castellon: send to Teruel (reinforce Teruel) - Castellon has 2 spear, send to Teruel.
- Huesca: send to Zaragoza? Or to Pamplona? Huesca could attack Pamplona, but too weak. Better to send to Zaragoza to reinforce, or send to Teruel? Huesca to Teruel is 2/2/1. Let's send Huesca's 4 spear to Zaragoza. Zaragoza is closer? Huesca to Zaragoza is probably 2/2/1 as well. We'll send to Zaragoza.
- Valencia: send to Teruel (reinforce) - Valencia has 2 spear, send to Teruel.
- Teruel: do not send any away. Keep 9 troops for defense. Build 2 spear to increase to 11.
- Barcelona: send to Tarragona (reinforce) - Barcelona has 2 spear, send to Tarragona.

Now, what about capturing Madrid? We need to ensure we have enough troops to win. Zaragoza's 14 troops should be enough. But we also need to consider that after capturing Madrid, we might want to send some troops from Madrid to elsewhere, but they will be the survivors.

Let's also consider building in Madrid after capture? We can't build until we own it.

Now, let's think about the enemy's turn. They might attack Teruel. With our current Teruel garrison (9 troops, defense 23), they likely won't attack because they'd lose. But they might send reinforcements to Toledo. We don't see any enemy armies on march, so maybe they are building.

We should also consider that we need to eventually attack Toledo. To do that, we need a larger army. We can build up troops in our villages and then send them to Teruel or Madrid to launch an attack.

Let's define a campaign plan for the next several turns:

Turn 11: Build troops everywhere. Zaragoza attacks Madrid. Other villages send reinforcements to front lines (Zaragoza, Teruel). This will capture Madrid, giving us a new village and opening the west. Our economy improves.

Turn 12: We will have new troops ready. We can assess the situation. If Madrid falls, we will have troops there. We can then decide to attack Pamplona or Murcia or Toledo. We might send troops from Zaragoza (which will have reinforcements from Tarragona and Huesca arriving) to attack Pamplona. Or from Valencia (reinforced by Castellon and Teruel's knights) to attack Murcia. Or from Madrid to attack Toledo or other neutrals.

We need to write a plan text.

Now, let's finalize the JSON.

We need to specify builds and movements with exact numbers.

Current troops available per village (from report):

Barcelona: 2 spear
Tarragona: 1 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight
Girona: 1 knight
Castellon: 2 spear
Zaragoza: 11 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight
Huesca: 4 spear
Valencia: 2 spear
Teruel: 4 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight

We'll build:

Barcelona: build 4 spear -> total 6 spear (but we might send some)
Tarragona: build 3 archer -> total 1 spear, 4 archer, 1 knight
Girona: build 2 knight -> total 3 knight
Castellon: build 4 spear -> total 6 spear
Zaragoza: build 4 spear -> total 15 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight (but we will send the current 14 to Madrid; the new 4 will stay in Zaragoza for next turn)
Huesca: build 4 spear -> total 8 spear
Valencia: build 4 spear -> total 6 spear
Teruel: build 2 spear -> total 6 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight

Movements:

1. Zaragoza -> Madrid: send 11 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight (all current troops; the new builds are not ready yet, so we can't send them). So we send exactly the available troops.
2. Tarragona -> Zaragoza: send 1 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight (all available). They will march at slow speed (since spear is slow). Travel time: assume 2 slow turns? Actually we need to know the exact time. The report doesn't give Tarragona->Zaragoza. But we can estimate. Let's just send them; the game will calculate.
3. Girona -> Huesca: send 1 knight (all available). Travel time: unknown, but knight is fast.
4. Castellon -> Teruel: send 2 spear (all available). Travel time: Castellon to Teruel: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. Since we send spear (slow), it takes 2 turns.
5. Huesca -> Zaragoza: send 4 spear (all available). Travel time: Huesca to Zaragoza: unknown, but spear slow, probably 2 turns.
6. Valencia -> Teruel: send 2 spear (all available). Travel time: 1 slow turn.
7. Barcelona -> Tarragona: send 2 spear (all available). Travel time: unknown, probably 1 slow turn.

We also need to consider if we should send any troops to Madrid as reinforcements after its capture? Not this turn.

Now, check resources for builds: we must ensure each village can pay for the build from its own stock. The stock is given. We already checked.

Let's double-check resource amounts:

Barcelona: wood 60, iron 70. Build 4 spear: cost 60 wood, 0 iron. OK.
Tarragona: wood 60, iron 90. Build 3 archer: cost 60 wood, 30 iron. OK.
Girona: wood 60, iron 90. Build 2 knight: cost 60 wood, 60 iron. OK.
Castellon: wood 60, iron 100. Build 4 spear: cost 60 wood. OK.
Zaragoza: wood 60, iron 40. Build 4 spear: cost 60 wood. OK.
Huesca: wood 60, iron 60. Build 4 spear: cost 60 wood. OK.
Valencia: wood 60, iron 60. Build 4 spear: cost 60 wood. OK.
Teruel: wood 30, iron 20. Build 2 spear: cost 30 wood. OK.

All good.

Now, we need to write plan and statement.

Plan: We are King B. We need to expand to 18 villages. Our campaign: This turn, we build up our army and launch an attack on Madrid from Zaragoza. We also send reinforcements to our front lines to prepare for further advances. Capturing Madrid will open the path west and boost our economy. Next turn, we will consolidate Madrid, then attack Pamplona or Murcia, and eventually push into enemy territory.

Statement: "We must move swiftly. Zaragoza's riders will take Madrid at dawn. The forges of our villages ring out as we forge new spearheads and archers. Reinforcements march to the borders, ready for the next push. The enemy will not expect our speed."

Now, format JSON.

We need to ensure the JSON is valid. Use double quotes.

Let's construct:

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 13, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 17, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 11, "archer": 1, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 21, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 1, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 23, "toId": 20, "troops": {"knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 18, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 2}},
    {"fromId": 20, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 4}},
    {"fromId": 16, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 2}},
    {"fromId": 22, "toId": 21, "troops": {"spearman": 2}}
  ],
  "plan": "Our campaign focuses on rapid expansion to reach 18 villages. This turn, we build troops in all villages and launch an attack on Madrid from Zaragoza. We also send reinforcements to our front lines: Tarragona, Huesca, and Barcelona send troops to Zaragoza to prepare for the next push; Castellon and Valencia reinforce Teruel; Girona reinforces Huesca. Capturing Madrid will open the west and boost our economy. Next turn, we will consolidate Madrid, then target Pamplona and Murcia, and eventually march on Toledo and the enemy capital.",
  "statement": "The drums of war beat across our lands. Zaragoza's forces set forth to claim Madrid, while our forges blaze, forging new spearheads and archers. Reinforcements march to the borders, steady and sure. The enemy will not stop our advance."
}

But we need to check if the movements are valid: we are sending from villages troops that they have. For example, Tarragona sends 1 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight. That's all it has. So Tarragona will have 0 troops left, but new builds will arrive next turn. That's okay because Tarragona is interior and safe. Similarly, Girona sends its only knight, leaving 0, but builds 2 knights. Castellon sends 2 spear, leaving 0, builds 4. Huesca sends 4 spear, leaving 0, builds 4. Valencia sends 2 spear, leaving 0, builds 4. Barcelona sends 2 spear, leaving 0, builds 4. Zaragoza sends all current troops, but has 4 spear built that will stay. So Zaragoza will have 4 spear next turn. Teruel does not send any, so it keeps its 9 troops, plus builds 2 spear.

We need to ensure that the troops we send are available. For Zaragoza, we send 11 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight. That matches its current troops. The build of 4 spear is not ready, so we don't send them.

Now, check if any village is left with 0 troops and is a border village? Zaragoza is not a border village currently (it faces neutral Madrid and Pamplona). After we capture Madrid, it will be interior? Actually, Zaragoza connects to Madrid, which will become ours, so Zaragoza will then be interior if Madrid is ours. But if we capture Madrid, the border shifts to Madrid. So Zaragoza is safe. Huesca is not border (faces Pamplona neutral). Valencia is not border (faces Murcia neutral). Teruel is border, but we are not sending from it, and we are reinforcing it. So it's fine.

One potential issue: we are sending from Castellon to Teruel (2 spear). Castellon is interior, safe. Valencia to Teruel (2 spear). Valencia is interior? Valencia faces Murcia neutral, so it's a front village but not enemy border. It's safe as long as Murcia is neutral. So sending all troops from Valencia is okay; it will be empty but will get new builds next turn.

Now, we need to consider the rule: "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." We checked.

Also, "Cap per village: when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building". We are far below.

Now, about the plan text: It says "2 to 6 lines (anything past 600 characters is cut off)". Our plan is about 400 characters, fine.

Statement: "2 to 4 lines". Our statement is 3 lines.

We need to output only the JSON.

Let's double-check the IDs: 
22 Barcelona
21 Tarragona
23 Girona
18 Castellon
17 Zaragoza
20 Huesca
16 Valencia
13 Teruel
12 Madrid
19 Pamplona
15 Murcia
8 Toledo

All good.

One more thing: The movement from Tarragona to Zaragoza: we send 1 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight. But Tarragona's available troops: 1 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight. So that's all. Good.

Girona to Huesca: Girona has 1 knight, send 1 knight. Good.

Castellon to Teruel: Castellon has 2 spear, send 2 spear. Good.

Huesca to Zaragoza: Huesca has 4 spear, send 4 spear. Good.

Valencia to Teruel: Valencia has 2 spear, send 2 spear. Good.

Barcelona to Tarragona: Barcelona has 2 spear, send 2 spear. Good.

Now, what about the travel times? We don't need to specify them in JSON; the game will compute.

We should also consider if we want to send any troops to Madrid to help attack? No, they would arrive later.

Is there any reason to not send all from Zaragoza? If we send all, we might lose some in the attack, but we capture Madrid. The survivors will be in Madrid. That's good.

Now, let's think about the enemy's possible actions. They might attack Teruel. With our reinforcements from Valencia and Castellon, Teruel's defense this turn is still the original 9 troops (since reinforcements haven't arrived). But we are also sending 2 spear from Valencia to Teruel, which will arrive next turn. So this turn, Teruel's defense is 9 troops. If enemy attacks, they see 9 troops.
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
REFORCO [8] Toledo dono A: 8S
REFORCO [9] Sevilha dono A: 3A
REFORCO [10] Vigo dono A: 1A
REFORCO [13] Teruel dono B: 2S
placar: A 11 ald/tropas 81 | B 8 ald/tropas 37 | neutras 5 | transito 0 (A 0 | B 0)

########## TURNO 12 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 2974 | resposta 8908 | raciocinio 8908 | finish content_filter | ms 156902
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: The goal is to hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. I currently hold 11 of 24.

The enemy is King B, with capital at Barcelona (22), which is unexplored. The enemy village I can see is Teruel (13).

I need to expand. Let's analyze the map and resources.

My villages:
0 Lisboa: 6/300 (2 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight) - wood 60, iron 120
1 Santarem: 9/300 (6 spear, 3 archer) - wood 60, iron 140
2 Evora: 5/300 (2 spear, 3 archer) - wood 60, iron 140
3 Coimbra: 5/300 (2 spear, 3 archer) - wood 60, iron 110
4 Badajoz: 8/300 (4 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight) - wood 60, iron 90
5 Faro: 11/300 (6 spear, 3 archer, 2 knight) - wood 60, iron 110
6 Porto: 8/300 (4 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight) - wood 60, iron 90
7 Salamanca: 2/300 (0 spear, 2 archer) - wood 80, iron 60
8 Toledo: 10/300 (8 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight) - wood 70, iron 50
9 Sevilha: 8/300 (4 spear, 4 archer) - wood 70, iron 50
10 Vigo: 9/300 (7 spear, 2 archer) - wood 70, iron 50

Neutral villages:
11 Cordoba: 5 spearmen, def 13
12 Madrid: 5 archers, def 13
14 Burgos: 5 spearmen, def 13

Enemy:
13 Teruel: 4 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight, def 23

Unexplored:
15 Murcia, 16 Valencia, 17 Zaragoza, 18 Castellon, 19 Pamplona, 20 Huesca, 21 Tarragona, 22 Barcelona, 23 Girona

Road network:
Toledo (8) is connected to Cordoba (11), Madrid (12), Teruel (13).
Cordoba (11) connected to Sevilha (9), Toledo (8), Murcia (15).
Madrid (12) connected to Salamanca (7), Toledo (8), Burgos (14), Zaragoza (17).
Teruel (13) connected to Toledo (8), Valencia (16), Zaragoza (17), Castellon (18).
Burgos (14) connected to Vigo (10), Madrid (12), Pamplona (19).

Strategy:
I need to capture neutral villages to increase my count and resources.
Toledo is my border village, closest to Cordoba, Madrid, Teruel.
Teruel is enemy, but it's heavily guarded (def 23). I should probably attack neutral villages first to build up strength.
Cordoba (11) has 5 spearmen, def 13. Madrid (12) has 5 archers, def 13. Burgos (14) has 5 spearmen, def 13.

Let's calculate attack power from Toledo:
Available at Toledo: 8 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight. Attack power if all sent: 14.
Wait, the attack power calculation: spearman attack 1, archer 2, knight 4.
8 spear * 1 = 8
1 archer * 2 = 2
1 knight * 4 = 4
Total = 14.
But the counter triangle: most numerous type sets the matchup.
If I send 8 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight, the most numerous is spearman.
Against Cordoba (5 spearmen), the defender's most numerous is spearman.
Spearman vs spearman: no counter bonus. Attack = 14, Defense = 13 (with location bonus).
Wait, the effective defense already includes location bonus.
So attack 14 vs defense 13. I win, but with losses.
Actually, I can send mixed troops from different villages, but they fight alone.
Wait, "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So I should send a single army from one village, or multiple from the same village? No, "each send fights alone". So I should send a single large army from one village.

Let's look at my largest armies:
Faro (5): 6 spear, 3 archer, 2 knight. Attack = 6*1 + 3*2 + 2*4 = 6+6+8 = 20. Most numerous: spearman.
Badajoz (4): 4 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight. Attack = 4+6+4 = 14. Most numerous: spearman.
Toledo (8): 8 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight. Attack = 8+2+4 = 14. Most numerous: spearman.

If I attack Cordoba (def 13, 5 spearmen) with Faro's army:
Attack 20 vs defense 13. Most numerous spearman vs spearman. No counter.
Winner takes losses. Effective force difference: 20 - 13 = 7. Losses are proportional.
Actually, the rules say: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER. The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
So I would win and take some losses, but capture Cordoba.

Let's check the march times:
From Faro (5) to Cordoba (11): Faro is connected to Sevilha (9), which is connected to Cordoba (11).
Road: [5] Faro -> [9] Sevilha -> [11] Cordoba.
Wait, the road network says:
[5] Faro: [2], [4], [9]
[9] Sevilha: [4], [5], [11]
[11] Cordoba: [8], [9], [15]
So from Faro to Cordoba: Faro -> Sevilha -> Cordoba. That's 2 hops.
March time: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Faro.
Wait, the march time is given for the nearest border village. For Cordoba, it's not listed.
Let's estimate: Faro to Sevilha is 1 hop, Sevilha to Cordoba is 1 hop.
Speed: spearman slow, archer medium, knight fast.
Mixed army marches at the speed of the slowest troop (spearman).
So it would take 2 slow turns to reach Cordoba.

From Toledo (8) to Cordoba (11): 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So 1 turn for slow troops.
Toledo is closer.

Let's consider building more troops.
Resources:
Each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn.
Costs:
spearman: 15 wood + 0 iron
archer: 20 wood + 10 iron
knight: 30 wood + 30 iron

Toledo: wood 70, iron 50. Can build 4 spear (60 wood), or 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron), or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
Actually, I can build multiple types.
Let's maximize production.
Toledo has 10 troops at home. Cap is 300.
I should build more troops to attack.
But I also need to defend my own villages.
The enemy has Teruel (13) with def 23. They might attack me.

Let's plan for this turn.
I will attack Cordoba (11) from Toledo (8) to capture a neutral village and increase my count to 12.
I will also build troops in my villages.

Let's check the attack on Cordoba.
Toledo has 8 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight. Attack = 14.
Cordoba has 5 spearmen, def 13.
If I send all from Toledo: 8 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight.
Wait, "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight (attack power if all sent: 14)".
So I can send all of them.
But I should keep some for defense? Toledo is a border village, but it's currently mine.
If I send all, Toledo will have 0 troops. But it still produces resources.
However, if the enemy attacks Toledo, they will find it empty.
But the enemy is in Teruel (13), which is connected to Toledo (8).
If I leave Toledo empty, the enemy could attack it and capture it.
But I can reinforce from other villages.
Actually, I should send a strong army to capture Cordoba, and maybe build more in Toledo.

Let's look at the other neutral villages.
Madrid (12) has 5 archers, def 13. Connected to Salamanca (7) and Toledo (8).
Burgos (14) has 5 spearmen, def 13. Connected to Vigo (10) and Madrid (12).

I think capturing Cordoba is the best first step.
Let's send all troops from Toledo to Cordoba.
Wait, if I send all, I lose the garrison. But Cordoba will become mine, and I can send troops from there later.
Actually, I can send troops from multiple villages to Cordoba, but they fight alone.
"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So if I send from Toledo and from Sevilha, they will fight the garrison one after the other.
That might be worse because the first one might lose, and the second one has to fight the winner.
Better to send one large army.

Let's send from Toledo: 8 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight.
Wait, I can also send from Badajoz (4) or Faro (5).
But Toledo is the closest (1 turn).
If I send from Toledo, the army arrives in 1 slow turn (since spearman is slow).
Wait, the march time is "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So it takes 1 turn for any speed? No, it means 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast. So it takes 1 turn total.
Actually, "march from [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means it takes 1 turn for slow troops, 1 for medium, 1 for fast. So it's a 1-turn march.

Let's build troops in Toledo.
Toledo has wood 70, iron 50.
I can build 4 spearman (60 wood, 0 iron) -> leaves 10 wood, 50 iron.
Then I can build 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron) -> leaves 0 wood, 30 iron.
Then I can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> but I have 0 wood.
So I can build 4 spear and 2 archer.
Wait, I have 10 troops already. Cap is 300.
Let's build 4 spearman and 2 archer in Toledo.
Cost: 4*15 = 60 wood, 2*20 = 40 wood, 2*10 = 20 iron.
Total: 100 wood, 20 iron. But I only have 70 wood.
So I can build 4 spearman (60 wood) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Total 80 wood, 10 iron. Leaves 0 wood, 40 iron.
Or 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron) and 3 spearman (45 wood). Total 85 wood, too much.
Let's do 4 spearman and 1 archer. That uses 80 wood, but I only have 70 wood.
Wait, 4 spearman = 60 wood. 1 archer = 20 wood. Total 80 wood. I have 70 wood.
So I can build 4 spearman (60 wood) and 0 archer. Leaves 10 wood, 50 iron.
Or 3 spearman (45 wood) and 1 archer (20 wood). Total 65 wood, 10 iron. Leaves 5 wood, 40 iron.
Or 2 spearman (30 wood) and 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron). Total 70 wood, 20 iron. Leaves 0 wood, 30 iron.
Let's do 2 spearman and 2 archer. That uses all wood and some iron.

Actually, I should build knights too, but they cost 30 wood, 30 iron.
With 70 wood, 50 iron, I can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 2 spearman (30 wood) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Total 80 wood, 40 iron. Too much wood.
1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 65 wood, 40 iron. Leaves 5 wood, 10 iron.
That's a good mix.

Let's check other villages for building.
Faro (5): wood 60, iron 110. Can build 4 spear (60 wood), or 3 archer (60 wood, 30 iron), or 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron).
Actually, 3 archer = 60 wood, 30 iron. 2 knight = 60 wood, 60 iron.
Let's build 2 knight in Faro. Cost 60 wood, 60 iron. Leaves 0 wood, 50 iron.
Or 3 archer and 1 spear? 3 archer = 60 wood, 30 iron. 1 spear = 15 wood. Total 75 wood, too much.
So 2 knight is good.

Badajoz (4): wood 60, iron 90. Can build 4 spear (60 wood), or 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron), or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
Let's build 4 spearman. Cost 60 wood. Leaves 0 wood, 90 iron.

Santarem (1): wood 60, iron 140. Can build 4 spear (60 wood), or 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron), or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
Let's build 4 spearman. Cost 60 wood. Leaves 0 wood, 140 iron.

Sevilha (9): wood 70, iron 50. Can build 4 spear (60 wood), or 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron), or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
Let's build 2 archer and 1 spear? 2 archer = 40 wood, 20 iron. 1 spear = 15 wood. Total 55 wood, 20 iron. Leaves 15 wood, 30 iron.
Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 2 spear (30 wood) = 60 wood, 30 iron. Leaves 10 wood, 20 iron.
Let's do 1 knight and 2 spearman.

Vigo (10): wood 70, iron 50. Similar to Sevilha. Let's build 1 knight and 2 spearman.

Porto (6): wood 60, iron 90. Build 4 spearman.

Coimbra (3): wood 60, iron 110. Build 4 spearman.

Evora (2): wood 60, iron 140. Build 4 spearman.

Lisboa (0): wood 60, iron 120. Build 4 spearman.

Salamanca (7): wood 80, iron 60. Can build 5 spear (75 wood), or 4 archer (80 wood, 40 iron), or 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron).
Let's build 2 knight. Cost 60 wood, 60 iron. Leaves 20 wood, 0 iron.

Wait, I need to be careful about the cap. Each village has a cap of 300 troops. Currently, most have less than 20, so plenty of room.

Let's focus on the attack.
I will attack Cordoba (11) from Toledo (8).
Toledo has 8 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight. Attack = 14.
Cordoba has 5 spearmen, def 13.
I should send all from Toledo to ensure victory.
But if I send all, Toledo is empty. Is that a problem?
The enemy might attack Toledo from Teruel (13).
Teruel has 4 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight. Attack = 4*1 + 2*2 + 3*4 = 4+4+12 = 20. Most numerous: knight? Wait, 4 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight. Most numerous is spearman (4).
So most numerous is spearman.
If they attack Toledo, they have attack 20.
Toledo's defense is 25 (effective defense included).
So they would need to overcome 25 defense with 20 attack. They would lose.
But if Toledo is empty, they can just march in and capture it without a fight?
"An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there"
So if Toledo is empty, the enemy army would march to Toledo and... wait, if it's not mine, they fight there. But if there are no troops, do they just capture it?
The rules say: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination."
If the village is empty, there is no fight, so they capture it.
So I should leave some troops in Toledo for defense.
But I can reinforce Toledo from other villages if needed.
Actually, I can send troops from Badajoz (4) to Toledo (8) to reinforce.
Badajoz to Toledo: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So 1 turn.
If I send from Badajoz and from Toledo to Cordoba on the same turn, the troops from Badajoz will arrive at Toledo after the troops from Toledo have left.
Wait, orders are simultaneous. The troops from Toledo march to Cordoba. The troops from Badajoz march to Toledo.
On the same turn, the troops from Toledo leave Toledo, and the troops from Badajoz arrive at Toledo?
No, marching takes turns. If it's a 1-turn march, they leave and arrive on the next turn.
So on turn 12, I order Toledo to send troops to Cordoba, and Badajoz to send troops to Toledo.
On turn 13, the troops from Toledo arrive at Cordoba (and fight), and the troops from Badajoz arrive at Toledo (and join the garrison).
So Toledo will have new troops on turn 13.
But what about the gap on turn 12? The enemy orders are written on turn 12, over the snapshot of turn 12.
So on turn 12, Toledo has 10 troops. The enemy sees that.
If the enemy orders an attack on Toledo on turn 12, they will march and arrive on turn 13 (or later).
On turn 13, the troops from Toledo have left, but the troops from Badajoz have arrived.
So if the enemy attacks Toledo, they will fight the troops from Badajoz.
That's good.

But I need to make sure the troops from Badajoz are enough to defend Toledo.
Badajoz has 4 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight. Attack = 14, but defense is different.
If I send 2 spear, 1 archer from Badajoz to Toledo, that's a good reinforcement.
Actually, I can send more.

Let's plan the orders.

Buildings:
I will build troops in many villages to increase my army.
Toledo: build 2 spearman, 2 archer (uses 70 wood, 20 iron). Wait, I have 70 wood, 50 iron.
2 spearman = 30 wood. 2 archer = 40 wood, 20 iron. Total 70 wood, 20 iron. Leaves 0 wood, 30 iron.
But I also want to build a knight? Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. I don't have enough wood.
So 2 spear, 2 archer is good.

Faro: build 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron). Leaves 0 wood, 50 iron.
Badajoz: build 4 spearman (60 wood). Leaves 0 wood, 90 iron.
Santarem: build 4 spearman (60 wood). Leaves 0 wood, 140 iron.
Sevilha: build 1 knight, 2 spearman (30+30=60 wood, 30 iron). Leaves 10 wood, 20 iron.
Vigo: build 1 knight, 2 spearman (60 wood, 30 iron). Leaves 10 wood, 20 iron.
Porto: build 4 spearman (60 wood). Leaves 0 wood, 90 iron.
Coimbra: build 4 spearman (60 wood). Leaves 0 wood, 110 iron.
Evora: build 4 spearman (60 wood). Leaves 0 wood, 140 iron.
Lisboa: build 4 spearman (60 wood). Leaves 0 wood, 120 iron.
Salamanca: build 2 knight (60 wood, 60 iron). Leaves 20 wood, 0 iron.

Wait, Salamanca has 2 archer already. Building 2 knight makes it 2 archer, 2 knight.
But I should check if I have enough iron.
Salamanca iron is 60. 2 knight cost 60 iron. So 0 iron left.

Movements:
1. From Toledo (8) to Cordoba (11): send 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. (Attack 14)
Wait, if I send all, Toledo is empty. But I am reinforcing from Badajoz.
Actually, I can send 6 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight from Toledo, and keep 2 spearman for defense.
Attack = 6*1 + 1*2 + 1*4 = 12. Still > 13? No, 12 < 13. I would lose.
So I need to send at least 14 attack power. With 8 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight, it's 14.
If I send 7 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight = 7+2+4 = 13. Tie goes to defender. So I lose.
So I must send all 8 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight to get 14 attack.
But then Toledo is empty.
I will send reinforcements from Badajoz to Toledo.
From Badajoz (4) to Toledo (8): send 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight? That's all of them.
But Badajoz is interior, no enemy border. So it's safe.
Wait, if I send all from Badajoz, it becomes empty. But it's interior, so no enemy can reach it quickly.
Actually, the enemy could march through neutral villages to reach Badajoz? No, they would have to capture Cordoba first, then Sevilha, then Badajoz.
So it's safe for now.
But I should keep some in Badajoz for future builds.
Let's send 2 spearman, 2 archer from Badajoz to Toledo.
Attack power = 2+4 = 6. Defense of Toledo is 25, so they will easily hold.

Actually, I can also send from other villages to Toledo.
But let's keep it simple.

Let's also attack Madrid (12) from Salamanca (7).
Salamanca has 0 spear, 2 archer. Attack = 4.
Madrid has 5 archers, def 13. I would lose.
So I shouldn't attack Madrid yet.

Let's focus on Cordoba.

Wait, I can also send troops from Sevilha (9) to Cordoba (11).
Sevilha to Cordoba: Sevilha -> Cordoba? Road: [9] Sevilha: [4], [5], [11]. So yes, directly connected.
March time: not given, but probably 1 or 2 turns.
If I send from Sevilha, they fight alone.
But I want to use Toledo's troops because they are the closest and have the most spearman.

Let's reconsider the attack on Cordoba.
If I send 8 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight from Toledo, attack = 14.
Cordoba defense = 13.
I win, but take losses.
How many losses? "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
Effective force difference: 14 - 13 = 1.
Losses are probably proportional to the loser's force.
I might lose a few troops.
But I will capture Cordoba, which gives me +1 village and resources.

After capturing Cordoba, I will have 12 villages.
Then I can attack Madrid or other villages.

Let's also consider the enemy's possible actions.
The enemy has Teruel (13) with 4 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight.
They might attack Toledo (8) or Cordoba (11) after I capture it.
But if I capture Cordoba, it becomes mine, and I can reinforce it.

Let's write the orders.

Build:
- Toledo: 2 spearman, 2 archer
- Faro: 2 knight
- Badajoz: 4 spearman
- Santarem: 4 spearman
- Sevilha: 1 knight, 2 spearman
- Vigo: 1 knight, 2 spearman
- Porto: 4 spearman
- Coimbra: 4 spearman
- Evora: 4 spearman
- Lisboa: 4 spearman
- Salamanca: 2 knight

Movements:
- From Toledo (8) to Cordoba (11): 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight
- From Badajoz (4) to Toledo (8): 2 spearman, 2 archer

Wait, I should check if Badajoz has enough troops to send.
Badajoz has 4 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight.
Sending 2 spear, 2 archer leaves 2 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight. That's fine.

Also, I should send troops from Sevilha to Cordoba? No, they would fight alone and might lose.
Better to just use Toledo.

But wait, if I send from Toledo and from Sevilha, they fight one at a time.
First Toledo's army fights Cordoba. If Toledo wins, it captures Cordoba.
Then Sevilha's army arrives and fights... wait, if Cordoba is captured, it's my village, so Sevilha's army would just join the garrison.
But the order says "toId: <id of ANY other village - enemy or neutral to attack it, one of YOURS to reinforce it>".
If I order Sevilha to Cordoba, and Cordoba is neutral, it will attack it.
But if Toledo's army captures it on the same turn, does Sevilha's army still attack it?
"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So they would fight sequentially. If Toledo captures it, Sevilha's army would arrive and find it friendly? Or would they still fight the garrison?
The rules say: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there"
If Cordoba becomes mine on the same turn, does Sevilha's army stop there?
It's ambiguous. Probably, the orders are resolved simultaneously, so the map state at the start of the turn is used for targeting.
So if I order Sevilha to attack Cordoba, it will attack Cordoba regardless of what Toledo does.
But if Toledo captures it first, Sevilha's army might arrive and find it friendly, so they just join.
But the rules say "each send fights alone, one at a time". So they would fight the garrison one after the other.
If Toledo's army wins and captures the village, the garrison is replaced by Toledo's army (with losses). Then Sevilha's army arrives and fights the new garrison? That would be friendly fire!
So I should NOT send from multiple villages to the same neutral village on the same turn.
Better to send from one village only.

So I will send from Toledo only.

Let's double check the march time from Toledo to Cordoba.
"march from [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Cordoba.
So it takes 1 turn.

Now, let's write the plan and statement.

Plan: I will attack Cordoba with Toledo's full army to capture my first neutral village. I will reinforce Toledo with troops from Badajoz to defend against potential enemy counterattacks. I will build troops in all my villages to grow my army for future campaigns.

Statement: I ordered the capture of Cordoba, a key neutral village bordering my territory. My forces from Toledo, reinforced by Badajoz, should secure the village and strengthen my hold on the region. I am building troops across my realm to prepare for further expansion.

Wait, I need to make sure the JSON is valid.

Let's list the build orders:
[
  {"villageId": 8, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 8, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 5, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 4, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
  {"villageId": 1, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
  {"villageId": 9, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 9, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 10, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 10, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 6, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
  {"villageId": 3, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
  {"villageId": 2, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
  {"villageId": 0, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
  {"villageId": 7, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2}
]

Wait, I should check if I have enough resources for all these builds.
Let's verify each village's resources and builds.

0 Lisboa: wood 60, iron 120. Build 4 spearman = 60 wood, 0 iron. OK.
1 Santarem: wood 60, iron 140. Build 4 spearman = 60 wood, 0 iron. OK.
2 Evora: wood 60, iron 140. Build 4 spearman = 60 wood, 0 iron. OK.
3 Coimbra: wood 60, iron 110. Build 4 spearman = 60 wood, 0 iron. OK.
4 Badajoz: wood 60, iron 90. Build 4 spearman = 60 wood, 0 iron. OK.
5 Faro: wood 60, iron 110. Build 2 knight = 60 wood, 60 iron. OK.
6 Porto: wood 60, iron 90. Build 4 spearman = 60 wood, 0 iron. OK.
7 Salamanca: wood 80, iron 60. Build 2 knight = 60 wood, 60 iron. OK.
8 Toledo: wood 70, iron 50. Build 2 spearman (30 wood) + 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron) = 70 wood, 20 iron. OK.
9 Sevilha: wood 70, iron 50. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 2 spearman (30 wood) = 60 wood, 30 iron. OK.
10 Vigo: wood 70, iron 50. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 2 spearman (30 wood) = 60 wood, 30 iron. OK.

All builds are affordable.

Movements:
[
  {"fromId": 8, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 8, "archer": 1, "knight": 1}},
  {"fromId": 4, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 2, "knight": 0}}
]

Wait, Badajoz has 4 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight. Sending 2 spear, 2 archer is fine.

Let's check if I should send more from Badajoz to Toledo.
Toledo's defense is 25. The enemy's attack from Teruel is 20 (if they send all).
So 2 spear, 2 archer is probably enough to help defend.
Actually, the troops from Badajoz will arrive at Toledo on turn 13.
If the enemy attacks Toledo on turn 12, they will arrive on turn 13 (or later).
On turn 13, Toledo will have the reinforcements from Badajoz, plus whatever was left from Toledo (which is nothing, since I sent all).
So the garrison at Toledo on turn 13 will be 2 spear, 2 archer from Badajoz.
Defense of Toledo with 2 spear, 2 archer:
Spearman defense 2, archer defense 2.
Effective defense in a village: defense counts x1.25.
So 2 spear * 2 * 1.25 = 5
2 arch * 2 * 1.25 = 5
Total = 10? Wait, the effective defense is calculated per troop type? Or is it the sum of individual defenses?
The rules say: "The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival."
And "effective defense (location bonus included): 25" for Toledo.
So the 25 already includes the location bonus and the troops.
If I send 2 spear, 2 archer, their defense is 2 each, so 4 base defense.
With location bonus x1.25, it's 5.
So the new garrison would have defense 5, much less than 25.
That's a problem. If I send all from Toledo, the defense drops to 5.
The enemy could easily capture Toledo.
So I should NOT send all from Toledo. I should keep some troops for defense.
But I need 14 attack to capture Cordoba.
Toledo has 8 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight. Attack = 14.
If I send 7 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight, attack = 13. Tie goes to defender, so I lose.
So I must send all 8 spear to get 14 attack.
But then Toledo is empty.
Can I send troops from another village to Toledo to defend?
Yes, from Badajoz. But as calculated, their defense is low.
What if I send more from Badajoz?
Badajoz has 4 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight.
If I send all 4 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight to Toledo, their defense is:
4 spear * 2 * 1.25 = 10
3 arch * 2 * 1.25 = 7.5
1 knight * 2 * 1.25 = 2.5
Total = 20.
That's closer to 25.
But then Badajoz is empty.
Is that worth it? Badajoz is interior, so it's safe from immediate attack.
But I need troops to build and attack elsewhere.
Maybe I should not attack Cordoba this turn, and instead build up more troops.
But I need to expand. Waiting gives the enemy time to build too.

Another option: attack Cordoba from Faro (5).
Faro has 6 spear, 3 archer, 2 knight. Attack = 6+6+8 = 20.
Faro to Cordoba: Faro -> Sevilha -> Cordoba. 2 hops.
March time: 2 slow turns (since spearman is slow).
So it takes 2 turns to arrive.
On turn 12, I order the attack. It arrives on turn 14.
During turn 13, the enemy can react.
But I can also build troops in the meantime.

What if I attack Cordoba from Toledo, but keep some troops in Toledo by sending reinforcements from elsewhere?
I can send from Badajoz and from Sevilha to Toledo.
But they would fight alone if they arrive at the same time? No, they are going to my own village, so they just join the garrison.
"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
Wait, this applies to attacking a village. What about reinforcing your own village?
"You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements."
So they just join, no fighting.
So I can send from Badajoz and Sevilha to Toledo, and they will both join the garrison.
But they take time to arrive.
If I send from Badajoz (1 turn) and from Sevilha (2 turns?), they arrive on turn 13 and 14.
On turn 13, Toledo will have the Badajoz troops.
But on turn 12, the enemy sees Toledo with 10 troops.
If the enemy attacks Toledo on turn 12, the attack arrives on turn 13 (if they are in Teruel, 1 turn away).
On turn 13, the Toledo troops have left (to attack Cordoba), but the Badajoz troops have arrived.
So the fight is between the enemy army and the Badajoz troops.
If I send enough from Badajoz, they can hold.

Let's calculate the enemy's attack from Teruel.
Teruel has 4 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight. Attack = 4+4+12 = 20.
If they attack Toledo, they have attack 20.
Toledo's defense with the Badajoz troops:
If I send 4 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight from Badajoz, defense = 20 (as calculated).
So attack 20 vs defense 20. Tie goes to defender. So they win!
But they take losses.
Actually, the tie favors the defender, so the defender wins.
So if I send all from Badajoz to Toledo, Toledo can hold against a full attack from Teruel.
But then Badajoz is empty.
Is that acceptable? Badajoz is interior, no enemy border. The enemy would have to capture Cordoba and Sevilha to reach Badajoz.
So it's safe for now.

But I also need to build troops in Badajoz for future attacks.
If I send all troops from Badajoz, I can't build there this turn (since it's empty, but it still produces resources).
Actually, the build order is for the village, regardless of whether it has troops.
"Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."
So I can still build in Badajoz even if I send all troops.
The troops I build will arrive at the end of the turn, after the movements.
Wait, "ready in 1 turn". So if I order a build on turn 12, the troops are ready on turn 13.
If I send all troops from Badajoz on turn 12, the village is empty on turn 12.
On turn 13, the new troops are built and arrive? No, they are built at the village.
So on turn 13, Badajoz will have the newly built troops.
So I can send the old troops and build new ones.
That's fine.

So the plan:
1. Attack Cordoba from Toledo with all troops (8 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight).
2. Reinforce Toledo from Badajoz with all troops (4 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight).
3. Build troops in all villages, including Badajoz.

But wait, if I send all from Badajoz, the defense of Toledo is 20.
The enemy attack is 20. Tie goes to defender, so I win.
But what if the enemy sends only part of their army?
They have 4 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight.
If they send 3 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight, attack = 3+4+12 = 19. Defense 20, I win.
If they send 4 spear, 2 archer, 2 knight, attack = 4+4+8 = 16. Defense 20, I win.
So sending all from Badajoz should hold Toledo.

But is it worth sending all from Badajoz? I lose the ability to attack from Badajoz next turn.
Maybe I can send only part of Badajoz's troops.
If I send 4 spear, 2 archer from Badajoz, defense = 4*2*1.25 + 2*2*1.25 = 10 + 5 = 15.
Enemy attack 20 > 15, so they would win.
So I need to send enough to reach 20 defense.
With 4 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight, defense = 20.
If I send 3 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight, defense = 3*2*1.25 + 3*2*1.25 + 1*2*1.25 = 7.5 + 7.5 + 2.5 = 17.5. Still < 20.
So I need to send all 4 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight to get 20 defense.
Or I can send 4 spear, 3 archer, 0 knight, defense = 10 + 7.5 = 17.5. < 20.
So I must send the knight too.

But wait, the enemy's attack is 20 only if they send all troops.
Do they have to send all? They might keep some for defense of Teruel.
If they send all, they leave Teruel empty. But they might want to capture Toledo.
It's a risk.

Alternatively, I can attack Teruel instead of Cordoba.
Teruel is an enemy village. Capturing it would reduce the enemy's count and increase mine.
But Teruel has defense 23, and my attack from Toledo is 14. I would lose.
So I can't attack Teruel yet.

What about Madrid (12)? It's neutral, def 13.
I can attack it from Salamanca (7) or Toledo (8).
Salamanca has 0 spear, 2 archer. Attack = 4. Too weak.
Toledo has 14 attack. So I can attack Madrid from Toledo.
But I want to capture Cordoba first because it's closer to my other villages and gives me a better foothold.

Actually, Cordoba is connected to Sevilha (9) and Toledo (8) and Murcia (15).
Capturing it would open a path to Murcia and the south.
Madrid is connected to Salamanca (7), Toledo (8), Burgos (14), Zaragoza (17).
Capturing it would open a path to the north.

I think Cordoba is a good first target.

Let's reconsider the defense of Toledo.
If I send all from Toledo to Cordoba, Toledo is empty.
I send all from Badajoz to Toledo, Toledo has defense 20.
But what if the enemy attacks Cordoba instead of Toledo?
They can't attack Cordoba because it's neutral, and they would have to go through Toledo? No, Cordoba is connected to Sevilha and Toledo.
The enemy is in Teruel, connected to Toledo, Valencia, Zaragoza, Castellon.
To reach Cordoba, they would have to go through Toledo (since Teruel -> Toledo -> Cordoba).
So they can't reach Cordoba without going through Toledo.
So if they attack, they will likely attack Toledo.

What if they attack Madrid? Madrid is neutral, connected to Salamanca, Toledo, Burgos, Zaragoza.
They could attack Madrid from Teruel -> Zaragoza -> Madrid? Or Teruel -> Toledo -> Madrid.
But they would have to go through Toledo or Zaragoza.
Zaragoza is unexplored, probably neutral or enemy.
So they might attack Madrid.

But I can't defend everywhere.

Let's just go with the plan: attack Cordoba from Toledo, reinforce Toledo from Badajoz.

Wait, I can also send troops from Sevilha to Cordoba to help capture it.
But as I said, they fight alone.
If I send from Toledo (14 attack) and from Sevilha (12 attack), they fight sequentially.
First Toledo fights Cordoba (def 13). Toledo wins with 14 attack, takes losses.
Then Sevilha arrives and fights the new garrison (which is Toledo's remaining troops).
If Toledo wins with few losses, Sevilha might lose.
But if Toledo wins with many losses, Sevilha might win and capture the village.
But it's risky. Better to just use one army.

Actually, I can send from Sevilha to Cordoba as a second wave, but it's not necessary.

Let's finalize the orders.

Build:
- Toledo: 2 spearman, 2 archer
- Faro: 2 knight
- Badajoz: 4 spearman
- Santarem: 4 spearman
- Sevilha: 1 knight, 2 spearman
- Vigo: 1 knight, 2 spearman
- Porto: 4 spearman
- Coimbra: 4 spearman
- Evora: 4 spearman
- Lisboa: 4 spearman
- Salamanca: 2 knight

Movements:
- From Toledo (8) to Cordoba (11): 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight
- From Badajoz (4) to Toledo (8): 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight

Wait, Badajoz has 4 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight. Sending all of them.
But I also want to build 4 spearman in Badajoz.
If I send all, the village is empty, but the build still happens.
On turn 13, Badajoz will have 4 spearman (newly built).
So it's fine.

Let's check the travel time from Badajoz to Toledo.
"from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
So it takes 1 turn.

Now, let's write the plan and statement.

Plan: I am attacking Cordoba with Toledo's full army to capture a neutral village and expand my territory. I am reinforcing Toledo with all troops from Badajoz to defend against enemy counterattacks. I am building troops in all my villages to grow my army for future campaigns. I must capture Cordoba and hold it to increase my village count to 12.

Statement: I have ordered the assault on Cordoba, a vital neutral village. My Toledo forces, reinforced by Badajoz, should secure the village and strengthen my position. I am building up my army across my realm to prepare for the next phase of the campaign.

Wait, I should also consider sending troops from other villages to Toledo for additional defense.
But Badajoz is the closest.
What about Sevilha? Sevilha to Toledo: Sevilha -> Badajoz -> Toledo? Or Sevilha -> Cordoba -> Toledo?
Road: [9] Sevilha: [4], [5], [11]. [4] is Badajoz. [11] is Cordoba.
So Sevilha -> Badajoz -> Toledo. That's 2 hops.
Or Sevilha -> Cordoba -> Toledo. Also 2 hops.
So it takes 2 turns.
If I send from Sevilha, they arrive on
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
########## TURNO 12 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3890 | resposta 24560 | raciocinio 20574 | finish stop | ms 317843
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 17, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"knight\": 2, \"archer\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 17, \"toId\": 19, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 9}},\n    {\"fromId\": 22, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 21, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 1, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 23, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 18, \"toId\": 16, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"We are launching a double attack from Zaragoza to capture Madrid and Pamplona. We send knights and an archer to Madrid to counter their archers, and spearmen to Pamplona to counter their knights. We reinforce Zaragoza with troops from Tarragona and Girona, and send Barcelona's spearmen to Teruel to strengthen our border against the enemy. We also send Castellon's spearmen to Valencia to prepare for the attack on Murcia. We build a mix of spearmen and knights at all our villages to grow our army for further expansion.\",\n  \"statement\": \"We order the assault on Madrid and Pamplona, using our forces to expand our territory. We also send reinforcements to secure our borders and build new troops for the coming battles. The campaign to hold 18 villages has begun.\"\n}"
raciocinio: We need to output a JSON with "build", "movements", "plan", "statement".

We have 8 villages, 37 troops total. We need to hold 18 of 24 villages for 2 consecutive turns to win, or eliminate every enemy village. Currently hold 8.

Enemy has capital Lisboa (unknown garrison). Enemy villages: Toledo (enemy, we see). There are other enemy villages unknown.

We need to expand. We have front line villages: Zaragoza (17), Huesca (20), Valencia (16), Teruel (13). Teruel faces enemy Toledo (8) with defense 25 (effective). That's strong. Neutral villages: Madrid (12) defense 13, Murcia (15) defense 13, Pamplona (19) defense 13. They have 5 archers, 5 knights, 5 knights respectively.

We can attack neutral villages to gain territory. Need 18 total. We have 8, need 10 more. There are 24 total villages. Enemy has at least Toledo, plus capital Lisboa, plus others unknown: Burgos, Salamanca, Cordoba, Badajoz, Porto, Vigo, Coimbra, Sevilha, Faro, Santarem, Evora. That's 12 unexplored. Some may be enemy, some neutral? The map has 24 villages total. We have 8, enemy has at least 2 (Toledo, Lisboa). Others could be neutral or enemy.

We need to capture neutral villages and enemy villages. But need to hold them for 2 consecutive turns. So we need to attack and then hold.

Our troops: we have mostly spearman (26), few archer (4), knight (7). We can build more. Each village produces resources: wood 30, iron 20 per turn. But each village has its own stock. We need to check resources for building.

We need to decide builds and movements for this turn.

We can build troops at each village. They cost wood and iron from that village's stock. We have stock listed: e.g., Barcelona wood 90, iron 90. So can build.

We need to plan campaign. Probably we should attack neutral villages first to expand, then enemy.

We have multiple fronts. We can send troops from interior villages to reinforce front.

But need to consider travel times. We need to coordinate.

We need to output JSON with build list and movements list.

Let's analyze each village's resources and possible builds.

Villages:

1. Barcelona (22): wood 90, iron 90. Can build spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) -> max 6 (since 90/15=6). But cap 300 troops, currently 2. So can build many. But we may want to build archers or knights? Archer costs 20 wood +10 iron, knight 30 wood +30 iron. With 90 wood, 90 iron, can build 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron) exactly. Or 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) leaving wood 10, iron 50. Or mix.

But we need to consider speed. Knights fast, archers medium, spearman slow.

We need to move troops to front. Barcelona is interior, nearest front is Zaragoza (17) via Tarragona? Actually road: Barcelona -21 Tarragona -17 Zaragoza. So need to send through Tarragona. But we can send directly to Zaragoza? The movement rule: armies march along roads, stop at first non-owned village. So if we send from Barcelona to Zaragoza, the path is Barcelona -> Tarragona (ours) -> Zaragoza (ours). Since both are ours, they can pass through. So we can send to Zaragoza directly, but travel time is distance. The report says from Barcelona to nearest border village [13] Teruel: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. That's to Teruel. To Zaragoza: distance? Let's check road network: Barcelona (22) connected to Tarragona (21) and Girona (23). Tarragona connected to Zaragoza (17) and Castellon (18). So Barcelona to Zaragoza: 22-21-17. That's two edges. The report says from Barcelona to nearest border village [13] Teruel: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. That's probably via Tarragona->Zaragoza->Teruel? Actually Teruel is border. So to Zaragoza might be 2 slow / 1.5? But we have speeds. We'll need to compute travel times for each movement.

But we can also send to neutral villages directly if they are adjacent to our front villages. For example, from Zaragoza we can attack Madrid (12) or Pamplona (19). From Valencia attack Murcia (15). From Teruel attack Toledo (8). From Huesca attack Pamplona (19).

We need to decide which neutral to take first. Madrid is 5 archers, defense 13. Pamplona 5 knights, defense 13. Murcia 5 knights, defense 13. They are similar.

We can also send troops to reinforce our front villages to defend against enemy attack or to launch stronger attacks.

We have no enemy armies sighted, so maybe we can safely build and move.

Goal: capture at least 10 villages. We can start with neutrals. Let's see which are reachable.

Zaragoza (17) has 14 troops: 11 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. Can send to Madrid (12) or Pamplona (19). Madrid is 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn from Zaragoza. Pamplona is 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns.

Valencia (16) has 2 spearman. Can send to Murcia (15): 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn.

Huesca (20) has 4 spearman. Can send to Pamplona (19): 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns? Actually from Huesca to Pamplona: road 20-19. Distance? Report says from Huesca to nearest border village [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. But to Pamplona: likely 2 slow? Let's check road: Huesca (20) connected to Zaragoza (17), Pamplona (19), Girona (23). So to Pamplona is one edge. So travel time should be short. The report says "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" for Huesca. That's to Teruel via Zaragoza? Actually Huesca to Teruel: 20-17-13, two edges. So to Pamplona is one edge, so maybe 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast? But we don't have exact. We can assume similar to Valencia to Murcia: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast.

Teruel (13) has 9 troops: 4 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. Can attack Toledo (8): 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn. Toledo has defense 25 with 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. That's strong. We might not win yet.

We need to decide which neutral to attack. Let's compute combat power.

Our troops attack values: spearman 1, archer 2, knight 4. Defense: spearman 2, archer 2, knight 2. But when attacking, we use attack; defender uses defense. In village, defense gets x1.25 bonus (already included in effective defense). So for neutral villages, effective defense is 13. That means their actual defense force has been multiplied by location bonus. We need to compute their raw troops: they have 5 archers (defense 2 each) or 5 knights (defense 2 each). In a village, defense bonus x1.25. So effective defense = raw defense sum * 1.25. For 5 archers, raw defense = 5*2 = 10. 10 * 1.25 = 12.5, rounded? Effective defense 13. For 5 knights, raw defense = 5*2 = 10, same 12.5 -> 13. So they have 5 troops.

When we attack, our attack sum is sum of attack values of our troops. Then we compare to effective defense. If our attack > their effective defense, we win. But also counter triangle: if our most numerous type counters their most numerous type, we get x1.5 multiplier on our whole army's force. Their most numerous type: for Madrid, archers (5). Our most numerous type: if we send spearman, spearman counters knight? Actually spearman counters knight, archer counters spearman, knight counters archer. So if we send spearmen, they are most numerous, our most numerous is spearman. Their most numerous is archer. Archer counters spearman, so they get counter bonus? Wait, the rule: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5 (every troop in it, not only the countering type)." So if our most numerous type counters their most numerous type, we get bonus. If their most numerous counters ours, they get bonus? The rule says "Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5". It doesn't specify who gets it. It says "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So we compare our most numerous type vs their most numerous type. If our type counters theirs, we get x1.5. If theirs counters ours, they get x1.5? The description says "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5". It doesn't explicitly say the defender gets it, but it's symmetric? Usually in such games, both sides check counter. But the phrasing "Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5" suggests that if your most numerous type counters the opponent's most numerous type, you get the bonus. So if my spearmen face their archers, my spearmen do not counter archers; archers counter spearmen. So they would get the bonus. So we need to avoid that.

So to attack archers (Madrid), we should send knights (knights counter archers). Or send a mix where our most numerous is knight. Or send archers? Archers vs archers: no counter (tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight; if tie, no counter? Actually "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight" means if equal counts, the type that appears earlier in that order is considered most numerous? That's for determining most numerous type. For counter, if most numerous types are same, no counter? Probably no bonus.

So to attack Madrid (5 archers), best to send knights. We have knights at Zaragoza: 2 knights. Also we can send from other villages. But knights are expensive.

Attack Pamplona (5 knights): spearman counters knights. So send spearmen.

Attack Murcia (5 knights): send spearmen.

So we can use spearmen against knights, knights against archers.

Now, our troops: we have many spearmen. We can send spearmen to Pamplona and Murcia. But we need enough attack power to exceed effective defense 13.

Let's compute attack power. If we send only spearmen, each has attack 1. To beat defense 13, we need attack sum > 13. If we have counter bonus (if our most numerous counters theirs), we multiply by 1.5. So if we send spearmen against knights, we get x1.5. So effective attack = (number of spearmen) * 1 * 1.5. Need > 13. So need 10 spearmen (10*1.5=15 >13). If we send 9, 13.5 >13? 9*1.5=13.5, which is >13, so win. But tie favors defender, so we need strictly greater. So 9 spearmen would give 13.5 > 13, so win. But we also need to consider that the defender's effective defense already includes location bonus. So we just compare our attack sum (with counter multiplier if applicable) to their effective defense.

If we send a mix, we need to compute most numerous type.

So to attack Pamplona (5 knights), we can send 9 spearmen from somewhere. Zaragoza has 11 spearmen. We could send all 11, but we might want to keep some for defense or other attacks. We can also send from other villages.

We have interior villages with troops: Barcelona (2 spearman), Tarragona (1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight), Girona (1 knight), Castellon (2 spearman), Valencia (2 spearman), Huesca (4 spearman), Teruel (4 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight). Zaragoza has 11 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight.

We can gather troops at front villages by sending from interior. But travel time matters. We need to decide on a campaign.

We need to output orders for this turn. We can build and move.

Let's think about a plan: We want to capture neutral villages to increase our count. We have three neutrals visible: Madrid, Murcia, Pamplona. Also there are unexplored neutrals possibly. But we need to move quickly.

We can attack Madrid with knights from Zaragoza and maybe from other places. But we have only 7 knights total. Zaragoza has 2, Teruel has 3, Tarragona has 1, Girona has 1. That's 7. We could send all knights to Madrid. But they are slow? Knights are fast. Travel time from Zaragoza to Madrid: 1 fast turn. From Tarragona to Zaragoza then to Madrid? Actually we can send from Tarragona to Madrid directly? Road: Tarragona (21) connected to Zaragoza (17) and Castellon (18). Madrid (12) connected to Zaragoza, Toledo, Burgos, Salamanca. So to go from Tarragona to Madrid, must go through Zaragoza. Since Zaragoza is ours, we can send through. Travel time: Tarragona to Zaragoza is 1 edge, Zaragoza to Madrid is 1 edge. So 2 edges. Knights fast, so maybe 2 fast turns? But we need to check speeds: mixed army moves at slowest speed. If we send only knights, they are fast. The report says from Tarragona to nearest border village [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. That's to Teruel via Zaragoza? Actually Tarragona to Teruel: 21-17-13, two edges. So fast troops take 1 turn per edge? It says "2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" meaning slow troops take 2 turns, medium 2? Wait, that's inconsistent: slow 2, medium 2, fast 1. So each edge might have distance. Actually the numbers: from Tarragona to Teruel: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. That suggests the distance is such that slow takes 2 turns, medium 2, fast 1. So it's not simply number of edges; each road segment has a length. So we need to use the given march times.

For our movements, we need to consider the travel times to the target. We can send troops from a village to a neutral directly if adjacent. The report gives march times from each village to its nearest border village. But we need to compute for specific targets.

We can send from Zaragoza to Madrid: march from Zaragoza to Madrid? The report says under Madrid: "march from [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So that's the time from Zaragoza to Madrid. Good.

From Valencia to Murcia: "march from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".

From Huesca to Pamplona? Not given directly. But we can infer from Huesca to Pamplona is likely similar, but we don't have exact. We can send from Zaragoza to Pamplona: "march from [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So that's to Pamplona.

We also have Teruel to Toledo: "march from [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".

So we can plan attacks.

We need to decide which neutral to take first. Maybe we can take all three simultaneously? But we need enough troops.

Let's assess available troops at each front:

Zaragoza: 11 spear, 1 archer, 2 knight. Can send to Madrid (needs knights or archers?) and Pamplona (needs spear). We could split.

Valencia: 2 spear. Can send to Murcia (needs spear). But 2 spear is not enough (need ~9). So we need to reinforce Valencia from elsewhere. Castellon has 2 spear, can send to Valencia (road: 18-16, one edge). Travel time? Castellon to Valencia: 1 edge? Road: Castellon (18) connected to Teruel (13), Valencia (16), Tarragona (21). So one edge. We don't have exact time, but likely 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast? Actually from Castellon to nearest border village [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. That's to Teruel. To Valencia might be shorter. We can assume 1 turn for fast? But we need to be careful. We can send from Castellon to Valencia to reinforce, then from Valencia to Murcia. But that takes time.

Huesca: 4 spear. Can send to Pamplona, but need more. Can reinforce from Zaragoza or from Girona? Girona has 1 knight, not spear. Barcelona has 2 spear.

Teruel: 4 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight. Can attack Toledo, but Toledo is strong (defense 25). We might need more troops. We can reinforce Teruel from Zaragoza or others.

We also need to consider that while we attack neutrals, enemy might attack our borders. Enemy is King A, they have Toledo and capital. They might attack Teruel or other villages. We need to defend. Teruel has defense 23 with 9 troops. That might be enough to hold against enemy attack for now. But we should reinforce.

Let's think about building. We can build troops to increase our forces. Each village produces resources per turn, but we need to use them. We can build spearman cheaply. We can build many spearman at our villages to have more troops. But we need to consider the cap of 300 per village. Currently all have less than 20.

We should build spearman at villages that have wood. All have at least 60 wood. We can build 4 spearman per village (60 wood). But we also need iron for archers and knights. We can build archers and knights if we have iron.

Let's check iron stock: Barcelona 90, Tarragona 110, Girona 110, Castellon 120, Zaragoza 60, Huesca 80, Valencia 80, Teruel 40. So most have plenty iron. We can build knights (30 wood, 30 iron) at villages with high wood and iron. Barcelona can build 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron). Tarragona can build 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron) but wood 90, iron 110 -> can build 3 knights (90 wood) leaving iron 20. Or build archers: 20 wood, 10 iron. Tarragona wood 90 -> 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron). Zaragoza wood 90, iron 60 -> can build 3 knights (90 wood, 60 iron) but wood 90, iron 60 only enough for 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) leaving wood 30. Or build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and some archers.

We need to decide what to build and where, then send to front.

We also need to consider that we need to hold 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns. So we need to capture villages and then keep them. We can capture neutrals, then they become ours. They will produce resources and can build troops.

Let's outline a campaign plan:

Turn 12: We will build troops at interior villages and send them to front. We will attack Madrid and Pamplona and Murcia? Maybe we can take Madrid with knights from Zaragoza and Tarragona. Take Pamplona with spear from Zaragoza and Huesca. Take Murcia with spear from Valencia reinforced by Castellon.

But we need to have enough troops to win each battle. Let's compute required troops.

For Madrid (effective defense 13, 5 archers). If we attack with knights, our most numerous type is knight, which counters archer, so we get x1.5 multiplier. Knight attack 4. So each knight contributes 4 * 1.5 = 6 effective attack. Need >13. So 3 knights give 18 >13, win. We have 2 knights at Zaragoza, 3 at Teruel, 1 at Tarragona, 1 at Girona. We could send 3 knights from somewhere. But we need to get them to Madrid. From Zaragoza, 2 knights, travel 1 fast turn. From Tarragona, 1 knight, need to go to Zaragoza first? Actually we can send from Tarragona directly to Madrid? The road: Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> Madrid. Since Zaragoza is ours, we can send through. Travel time: from Tarragona to Madrid would be Tarragona->Zaragoza (1 edge) + Zaragoza->Madrid (1 edge). The report gives march times from Tarragona to Teruel: 2 slow/2 medium/1 fast. That's two edges. So to Madrid, also two edges? Tarragona to Zaragoza is one edge, Zaragoza to Madrid is one edge. So likely similar: 2 slow/2 medium/1 fast? Actually from Zaragoza to Madrid is 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So Tarragona to Madrid would be Tarragona->Zaragoza (time?) + Zaragoza->Madrid. We don't have Tarragona->Zaragoza time. But we can infer from Tarragona to Teruel: 2 slow/2 medium/1 fast. Teruel is via Zaragoza: Tarragona->Zaragoza->Teruel. So Tarragona->Zaragoza is part of that. If Zaragoza->Teruel is 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast (from Teruel's perspective? Actually Teruel to Zaragoza: from Teruel to nearest border village [13] Teruel is itself? Wait, Teruel's nearest border is itself. The report for Teruel says "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 0"? No, it says "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" for Barcelona? Let's re-read.

The report gives for each village: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: X slow / Y medium / Z fast turns". That is the travel time from that village to Teruel. So for Barcelona: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast. For Tarragona: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast. For Girona: 3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast. For Castellon: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. For Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. For Huesca: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast. For Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. For Teruel: itself, so 0.

So these are times to Teruel. So we can estimate distances. Teruel is a border village. So from Valencia to Teruel: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. That's via road: Valencia -13? Actually Valencia connected to Teruel (13) and Murcia (15) and Castellon (18). So Valencia to Teruel is one edge. So 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast means one edge takes 1 turn for slow? Actually slow troops take 1 turn? But then why from Barcelona to Teruel is 3 slow? Barcelona to Teruel path: Barcelona - Tarragona - Zaragoza - Teruel. That's 3 edges. So each edge takes 1 slow turn? Then Tarragona to Teruel is 2 edges (Tarragona - Zaragoza - Teruel) -> 2 slow. Yes! So it seems each road segment takes 1 turn for slow troops, 1 turn for medium? Actually Tarragona to Teruel: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast. So slow and medium take 2 turns, fast takes 1 turn for 2 edges? That doesn't match. Let's check: Valencia to Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. That's 1 edge, all take 1 turn. So for 1 edge, slow=1, medium=1, fast=1. For 2 edges (Tarragona to Teruel): slow=2, medium=2, fast=1. So fast troops can cover 2 edges in 1 turn? That seems inconsistent. Maybe the numbers are not per edge but total turns. For 2 edges, slow takes 2 turns, medium 2 turns, fast 1 turn. So fast is twice as fast as slow? For 3 edges (Barcelona): slow=3, medium=2, fast=1. So medium is faster than slow but slower than fast? Actually medium takes 2 turns for 3 edges? That's odd. Let's list:

Barcelona to Teruel (3 edges): slow 3, medium 2, fast 1.
Tarragona to Teruel (2 edges): slow 2, medium 2, fast 1.
Zaragoza to Teruel (1 edge? Actually Zaragoza to Teruel is 1 edge): slow 2? Wait, Zaragoza to Teruel: report says for Zaragoza: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That's 1 edge but slow takes 2? That contradicts Valencia which is 1 edge and slow 1. So maybe the distance is not simply number of edges; each road has a length. So we must use the given times.

Thus, for movement, we need to look at the specific march times given for the target. The report provides march times from the nearest village to each visible village. For Madrid: "march from [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So from Zaragoza to Madrid takes 1 turn for all speeds. For Pamplona: "march from [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". For Murcia: "march from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". For Toledo: "march from [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".

So we can use those.

Now, if we send troops from other villages, we need to route them through our villages. The travel time will be the sum of times to the front village plus the time from front village to target. But we can also send directly to the target if the path is clear. The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So if we send from Barcelona to Madrid, the path is Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> Madrid. Tarragona and Zaragoza are ours, so they pass through. The army will not stop. So we can send directly. The travel time would be the sum of the times for each segment. We need to know the times between our villages. We can approximate from the given times to Teruel. For example, Barcelona to Teruel: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast. That's Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> Teruel. We know Zaragoza to Teruel: from Zaragoza's line: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast? Wait, Zaragoza to Teruel: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That's Zaragoza to Teruel. So Barcelona to Teruel = (Barcelona to Zaragoza) + (Zaragoza to Teruel). So Barcelona to Zaragoza = Barcelona to Teruel minus Zaragoza to Teruel? But they are different speeds. We can't simply subtract because the times are per speed. Actually, the time for a given speed is the total for the whole journey. So if we know the journey from A to C and from B to C, we can't easily get A to B unless we know the route. But we can estimate that each edge has a base time for each speed. Let's look at the pattern.

We have the road network. Let's list edges with approximate times based on the given data.

We know:
- Valencia to Teruel: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. Edge 16-13.
- Zaragoza to Teruel: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. Edge 17-13? Actually Zaragoza connected to Teruel (13) directly? Road: [13] Teruel: [8], [16], [17], [18]. So yes, 17-13 is an edge. So why does it take 2 slow from Zaragoza to Teruel but 1 slow from Valencia to Teruel? Maybe the edge length varies. So we cannot assume all edges are equal.

We need to rely on the given march times for specific destinations. For other routes, we might not have exact times, but we can use the times to Teruel as a proxy for distance from that village to the border. Since Teruel is the nearest border for all, the time to Teruel indicates how far a village is from the border. So if we want to send from Barcelona to Madrid, we can consider that Barcelona to Zaragoza is part of Barcelona to Teruel. Barcelona to Teruel: 3 slow. Zaragoza to Teruel: 2 slow. So Barcelona to Zaragoza might be 1 slow? That would make 3 slow total. But then Tarragona to Teruel: 2 slow, and Tarragona is on the way. Actually, Barcelona to Teruel goes through Tarragona and Zaragoza. So Barcelona to Tarragona: ? Tarragona to Zaragoza: ? Zaragoza to Teruel: 2 slow. If Barcelona to Teruel is 3 slow, then the sum of Barcelona->Tarragona + Tarragona->Zaragoza + Zaragoza->Teruel = 3 slow. We know Zaragoza->Teruel = 2 slow. So Barcelona->Tarragona + Tarragona->Zaragoza = 1 slow. That seems short. Maybe the times are not additive because different speeds have different times. It's messy.

Instead, we can focus on sending troops from the front villages themselves, or from interior villages to front villages, and then later from front to target. Since we can send to our own villages to reinforce, we can do that. The travel time to reinforce a front village is the time to that village. We have the times to Teruel for each, but Teruel is just one front. For Zaragoza, we don't have a direct time to Zaragoza from other villages, but we can send to Zaragoza as a destination. The report doesn't give times to Zaragoza from interior villages, but we can infer from the road network. Since we can send to any village we own, we can specify movement from e.g., Barcelona to Zaragoza. The game will compute travel time. We need to estimate whether it will arrive in time for the attack. But since we are writing orders simultaneously with the enemy, we just need to decide if we want to send them. The travel time will be whatever it is. We can just send and they will arrive later. We need to plan so that they arrive before we need them.

Given the complexity, maybe we should focus on this turn's orders: build and send attacks on neutrals using the troops already at the front, and send reinforcements from interior to front for future turns.

We can attack Madrid with the 2 knights from Zaragoza plus maybe send 1 knight from Tarragona to Zaragoza to arrive later? But we need to attack now. The attack this turn will use the troops currently at Zaragoza. We can order Zaragoza to attack Madrid with its 2 knights and maybe some other troops? But if we send only 2 knights, attack = 2*4=8, with counter bonus (knight counters archer) x1.5 = 12, which is less than 13. So 2 knights not enough. We need at least 3 knights. Zaragoza has only 2 knights. We could send 1 knight from Tarragona to Madrid directly? But Tarragona to Madrid path goes through Zaragoza. If we send from Tarragona to Madrid, the army will march and if it encounters Zaragoza (ours), it passes through. But the travel time: Tarragona to Madrid. We don't know the exact time, but it will take some turns. Meanwhile, the attack from Zaragoza would happen this turn? Actually, when we order an attack from Zaragoza to Madrid, the troops start marching and arrive after the travel time (1 fast turn). So they would attack on turn 13. If we send from Tarragona to Madrid, they would arrive later. So we cannot combine them for the same attack unless they arrive at the same time. The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So even if they arrive same turn, they fight separately. So we need each attacking group to be strong enough to win on its own. So sending 2 knights from Zaragoza and 1 from Tarragona would result in two separate battles: first the 2 knights fight, then the 1 knight. The 2 knights would likely lose, and then the 1 knight would also lose. So we need to send a single group that can win. So we should gather enough troops at one village before attacking.

Thus, we should reinforce Zaragoza with knights from other villages, then attack Madrid. But reinforcement takes time. We can send knights from Teruel or Tarragona to Zaragoza now, and they will arrive in some turns. Meanwhile, we can build knights at Zaragoza or other villages.

Let's check building capabilities. Zaragoza: wood 90, iron 60. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) this turn? Actually, building takes 1 turn to produce. So if we order build now, they will be available next turn. So we can have 2 knights built at Zaragoza, plus existing 2, total 4 knights at Zaragoza by turn 13. Then we can attack Madrid on turn 13 with 4 knights. That would be attack 4*4=16, x1.5 = 24 >13, win. But we need to consider that the enemy might also build or move. But that's a plan.

Similarly, for Pamplona: we need spearman. Zaragoza has 11 spearman. We can attack Pamplona from Zaragoza with spearman. 11 spearman attack = 11, against knights (5 knights, defense 13). Spearman counters knight, so x1.5 = 16.5 >13, win. So we could attack Pamplona from Zaragoza with 11 spearman. But we might want to keep some spearman for other purposes. We can also attack from Huesca with 4 spearman, but 4*1.5=6 <13, not enough. So we need to reinforce Huesca or attack from Zaragoza.

For Murcia: Valencia has 2 spearman, not enough. Need to send spearman to Valencia from elsewhere, then attack.

We also have Teruel with 4 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. We could attack Toledo, but Toledo defense 25. Our attack: if we send all 9 troops: spearman 4 (attack 4), archer 2 (attack 4), knight 3 (attack 12). Total attack = 20. Most numerous type? Spearman 4, archer 2, knight 3. Most numerous is spearman (4). Their most numerous at Toledo: 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. So most numerous is spearman. Spearman vs spearman: no counter. So attack 20 vs defense 25, we lose. If we send only knights: 3 knights attack 12, most numerous knight vs their spearman? Knight counters archer, but spearman counters knight. So they would get counter bonus? Their most numerous is spearman, ours is knight. Spearman counters knight, so they get x1.5 on their defense? The rule: "Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5". So if their most numerous (spearman) counters our most numerous (knight), they get x1.5 on their defense. Their effective defense is already 25, which includes location bonus. Would they multiply that by 1.5? The rule says "effective defense values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again." So the counter bonus is separate. So if they get counter bonus, their effective defense becomes 25 * 1.5 = 37.5. Our attack 12 would lose. So we need to avoid that.

To attack Toledo, we need to either have a counter bonus ourselves or have overwhelming force. If we send archers as most numerous? Archer counters spearman. So if we send mostly archers, we get x1.5. We have only 2 archers at Teruel. We can build more archers. Or we can send knights and archers such that archer is most numerous? But we need many archers.

Alternatively, we can avoid attacking Toledo for now and focus on neutrals.

So plan: This turn, we build troops and send reinforcements. We will not attack yet, except maybe we can attack a neutral with existing troops if we have enough. Let's check if any front village has enough to attack a neutral right now.

Zaragoza: 11 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. Against Madrid (5 archers): if we send 2 knights, not enough. If we send a mix: say 11 spearman? Spearman vs archers: archer counters spearman, so they get x1.5. Their defense 13, with counter becomes 19.5. Our attack 11, lose. If we send 1 archer + 2 knight? Most numerous? 2 knight vs 1 archer: knight most numerous. Knight vs archer: we counter them, so we get x1.5. Attack: 2*4 + 1*2 = 10, x1.5 = 15 >13, win! But wait, we have 2 knight, 1 archer. Most numerous is knight (2). Their most numerous is archer (5). Knight counters archer, so we get x1.5. So attack 15 >13, we win. But we must check if the defender's counter applies? The rule: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup". So we compare our most numerous (knight) vs their most numerous (archer). Since knight counters archer, we get the bonus. They do not get a bonus because their most numerous does not counter ours. So that works! So Zaragoza can attack Madrid with 2 knights and 1 archer (or just 2 knights and maybe some spearman but need to keep most numerous knight). If we add spearman, the most numerous might become spearman if we add more than 2. So we should send exactly 2 knights and 1 archer, or 3 knights? But we only have 2 knights. So we can send 2 knights and 1 archer. That gives attack 10, x1.5 = 15 >13. We would win. But we also have to consider that the defender's troops are 5 archers. After battle, winner loses troops worth half of loser's effective force. The loser's effective force: their attack? Actually, combat: attacker uses attack, defender uses defense. The loser is destroyed entirely. The winner loses troops worth half of the loser's effective force. The loser's effective force is the defender's effective defense? Or their attack? The rule: "The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself." The loser's effective force: for defender, it's their defense force? Probably the effective defense value (which includes location bonus) is used as the loser's force for calculating losses. So if defender's effective defense is 13, winner loses troops worth half of that, i.e., 6.5, spread over troop types. So we would lose some troops. But we'd capture the village.

So we could attack Madrid now with Zaragoza's 2 knights and 1 archer. That would give us Madrid (our 9th village). But we need to hold it for 2 consecutive turns. So if we take it this turn (turn 12? Actually the attack happens after travel time. If we order now, troops march 1 fast turn, so they arrive and fight on turn 13. So we would capture on turn 13. Then we need to hold it on turn 14 and 15? Actually "hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns". So if we capture on turn 13, we hold it from turn 13 onward. We need to have 18 villages for two consecutive turns, e.g., turn 14 and 15. So we need to expand quickly.

We can also attack Pamplona from Zaragoza with spearman. Zaragoza has 11 spearman. If we send all 11, attack 11, vs knights (5 knights, defense 13). Spearman counters knight, so we get x1.5 = 16.5 >13, win. But we would lose troops. We could send fewer: need attack >13. With x1.5, need base attack > 8.67, so 9 spearman gives 13.5 >13. So we can send 9 spearman from Zaragoza to Pamplona. That would win. But we might want to keep some spearman for other things.

We can also attack Murcia from Valencia, but Valencia only has 2 spearman, not enough. We could send spearman from Castellon to Valencia to reinforce, but they won't arrive in time for an attack this turn. We could order Valencia to attack Murcia with 2 spearman? That would lose. So we shouldn't.

We could attack from Huesca to Pamplona? Huesca has 4 spearman, not enough. We could send from Zaragoza to Huesca to reinforce, but then Huesca could attack later.

We also have Teruel. We could attack Toledo, but we saw we'd lose. We could reinforce Teruel and attack later.

We also need to consider building. We can build troops to prepare for future attacks.

Let's decide on this turn's orders:

We want to capture Madrid and Pamplona this turn? We can send attacks from Zaragoza to both Madrid and Pamplona? But we only have one group per village? We can send multiple armies from the same village? The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up... each send fights alone". It doesn't say we can't send multiple from the same village. But typically in these games, you can send multiple orders from the same village as long as you have the troops. But they would march at different times? Actually, if we send two groups from Zaragoza, one to Madrid and one to Pamplona, they would both leave Zaragoza. But can they both fit? There's no limit on how many troops can be in an army. We can split the garrison. So we can send some troops to Madrid and some to Pamplona. They would travel along different roads. That's allowed.

So from Zaragoza, we can send 2 knights + 1 archer to Madrid (attack 15), and send 9 spearman to Pamplona (attack 13.5). That would capture both neutrals. But we need to check if we have enough troops at Zaragoza: 11 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. If we send 9 spearman to Pamplona, we leave 2 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. Then we send 2 knight and 1 archer to Madrid. That uses all troops except 2 spearman left at Zaragoza. That's fine. But we need to consider that after capturing Madrid and Pamplona, those villages become ours. Their garrisons will be the surviving attackers. We will lose some troops in battle. Let's estimate losses.

For Madrid attack: our attack force: 2 knight (attack 4 each), 1 archer (attack 2). Total raw attack = 10. With counter x1.5 = 15. Defender effective defense 13. We win. Loser (defender) is destroyed entirely (5 archers). Winner loses troops worth half of loser's effective force. Loser's effective force: as defender, their effective defense is 13. Half is 6.5. So we lose troops worth 6.5 of our force, spread over types. How is it spread? "spread over its troop types" - probably proportional to our troop types? Or maybe we choose? The rule: "The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself." It says spread over its troop types, meaning the loss is distributed among the winner's troop types according to some rule. Possibly proportional to the number of each type? Or maybe the game deducts from the total attack value? We need to interpret. Typically, losses are computed as a total value, then subtracted from the winner's army by removing troops proportionally. Since it says "spread over its troop types", it likely means the loss is divided among the types present, maybe equally or by count. But we don't need exact numbers for the order; we just need to know we'll have some losses.

For Pamplona attack: 9 spearman. Attack 9, with counter (spearman vs knight) x1.5 = 13.5 >13. Win. Loser effective defense 13. Half = 6.5 loss. So we lose some spearman.

After these battles, we would have captured Madrid and Pamplona. Our total villages would become 10. We need 18.

We also have Murcia. We could attack Murcia from Valencia with 2 spearman? That would lose. We need to reinforce Valencia. We can send spearman from Castellon or Zaragoza to Valencia this turn, but they won't arrive for a turn or two. So we can plan to attack Murcia later.

We also need to consider enemy moves. The enemy might attack Teruel or other borders. Teruel has 9 troops, defense 23. Enemy at Toledo has 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight (10 troops). They might attack Teruel. If they attack, we can defend. Defense is easier: defense counts x1.25 in village. Our effective defense is already given as 23. So if enemy attacks, they use attack. Their attack: 8 spearman (8), 1 archer (2), 1 knight (4) = 14 raw. Most numerous spearman. Our most numerous at Teruel: 4 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight -> spearman. Spearman vs spearman, no counter. So they attack 14 vs our defense 23, they lose. So Teruel can hold. But we might want to reinforce Teruel to be safe.

We also have other enemy villages unknown. They might attack from other directions.

Given we have 8 villages, we need 10 more. There are 24 total. Enemy has at least Toledo and Lisboa. There are 14 other villages. Some are neutral, some enemy. We need to explore and capture.

Let's think about the unexplored villages. They are: Burgos (14), Salamanca (7), Cordoba (11), Badajoz (4), Porto (6), Vigo (10), Coimbra (3), Sevilha (9), Faro (5), Santarem (1), Evora (2). Some might be enemy, some neutral. We can send armies to explore, but they might be enemy-held. We need to be careful.

For now, we can focus on the known neutrals: Madrid, Pamplona, Murcia. Taking them gives us 3 more, total 11. Then we can look at others.

We also need to build troops for future. We can build at our villages. Since we are attacking with Zaragoza's troops, we might want to rebuild them. Zaragoza has wood 90, iron 60. We can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and maybe 2 spearman (30 wood) but wood left 30. Or build 4 spearman (60 wood) and 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) etc. We need to decide.

Also, we should send reinforcements from interior villages to front villages to prepare for next attacks. For example, send spearman from Barcelona and Tarragona to Zaragoza to replenish. Send spearman from Castellon to Valencia. Send spearman from Girona to Huesca or Zaragoza.

But we need to specify exact numbers.

Let's list all villages and their available troops:

- Barcelona (22): 2 spearman. Can build more.
- Tarragona (21): 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
- Girona (23): 1 knight.
- Castellon (18): 2 spearman.
- Zaragoza (17): 11 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. We plan to send 9 spearman to Pamplona, 2 knight + 1 archer to Madrid. That leaves 2 spearman at Zaragoza.
- Huesca (20): 4 spearman.
- Valencia (16): 2 spearman.
- Teruel (13): 4 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight.

We also have neutral villages we will capture: Madrid, Pamplona, Murcia (if we attack). After capture, they become ours and we can use their resources next turn.

Now, for movements, we need to specify fromId, toId, troops.

We can send:
1. Zaragoza -> Madrid: {knight: 2, archer: 1}
2. Zaragoza -> Pamplona: {spearman: 9}
3. Maybe send reinforcements: Barcelona -> Zaragoza: {spearman: 2} (all available)
   Tarragona -> Zaragoza: {spearman: 1, archer: 1, knight: 1}? But we might want to keep some for defense? Tarragona is interior, no enemy border. It's safe. We can send all.
   Girona -> Huesca or Zaragoza? Girona has 1 knight. We could send to Zaragoza to reinforce for future knight attacks. Or send to Huesca? Huesca faces Pamplona, but we are attacking Pamplona from Zaragoza. So maybe send Girona's knight to Zaragoza.
   Castellon -> Valencia: {spearman: 2} to reinforce Valencia for Murcia attack.
   Huesca: we might keep its 4 spearman for now, or send to Zaragoza? But Zaragoza already has enough for this turn. We can keep Huesca's spearman to defend or attack later.
   Teruel: we might send some troops to reinforce? Or keep.

We also need to consider that after capturing Madrid and Pamplona, they will have some troops left. But we don't control them yet.

Now, building: We can build at various villages. We should build spearman at many villages to increase our numbers. We can also build knights for future attacks on archer-heavy enemies.

Let's check resources and what we can build:

- Barcelona: wood 90, iron 90. Can build 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron) or 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) + maybe 1 knight? Actually 4 archers: 80 wood, 40 iron, leaving 10 wood, 50 iron. Then can't build knight (needs 30 wood). So better to build 3 knights, or 6 spearman (90 wood) but iron left 90. Spearman costs 0 iron, so we can build 6 spearman (90 wood) and have 90 iron for later. But we might need iron for other things. Since we have many iron, we can build archers or knights. Let's decide based on what we need. We need spearman to hold villages and attack knight neutrals. We need knights to attack archer neutrals. We have Madrid (archers) and Pamplona (knights) and Murcia (knights). After taking Madrid, we might need to defend it. We can build troops there later.

We should probably build a mix. But we also need to consider that each village can only build one type per turn? The order allows multiple builds at same village? The JSON has a list of builds, each with villageId, type, quantity. It doesn't say we can't have multiple types at same village. But typically you can build multiple units in one turn as long as you have resources. The "build" list can contain multiple entries for the same village? The schema doesn't forbid it. We can put multiple build objects for the same village. So we can build e.g., 2 spearman and 1 knight at Barcelona.

But we need to be realistic: the game likely processes builds sequentially, but resources are deducted from the village's stock. So we can build multiple types as long as total resources don't exceed stock.

So we can build whatever we want.

Let's think about our immediate needs: We are using Zaragoza's troops heavily. We might want to rebuild Zaragoza's forces. Zaragoza has wood 90, iron 60. After sending away most troops, it will have 2 spearman left. We can build more there. We can build spearman (15 wood) or archers (20 wood, 10 iron) or knights (30 wood, 30 iron). Since we need to hold Zaragoza and maybe attack other things, we can build spearman. 90 wood can build 6 spearman. Iron 60 can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) but wood would be 90-60=30, so we could build 2 knights and 2 spearman (30 wood) total wood 90, iron 60. That gives 2 knights and 2 spearman. Or we could build 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) and 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) but wood 110 >90, not possible. So 2 knights + 2 spearman is good.

But we also need to consider that we are attacking Madrid with knights, so we might want to rebuild knights. But we also need spearman for other fronts.

Let's look at other villages:

- Tarragona: wood 90, iron 110. We are sending its troops to Zaragoza. We can build there. We can build 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron) or 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) + 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) but wood 110 >90. Actually 4 archers = 80 wood, 40 iron, leaving 10 wood, 70 iron. Then can't build knight. So better 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron) leaving iron 20. Or 6 spearman (90 wood) and have iron 110. We might want to build knights since we have many iron.

- Girona: wood 90, iron 110. Similar. We can build 3 knights or 6 spearman.

- Castellon: wood 90, iron 120. Can build 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron) or 4 archers + etc.

- Valencia: wood 90, iron 80. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and 2 spearman (30 wood) = 90 wood, 60 iron, leaving iron 20.

- Huesca: wood 90, iron 80. Similar.

- Teruel: wood 90, iron 40. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 4 spearman (60 wood) = 90 wood, 30 iron, leaving iron 10. Or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) and 3 spearman (45 wood) = 85 wood, 20 iron. Or 3 knights? 90 wood, 90 iron >40 iron, so max 1 knight.

We need to decide where to build what.

We also need to consider that after capturing Madrid and Pamplona, they will have resources and can build next turn.

Now, let's plan the campaign over the next several turns. We need to write a "plan" text.

Plan: We will attack and capture Madrid and Pamplona this turn using Zaragoza's troops. Then we will reinforce Valencia and attack Murcia. We will also build troops to expand our army. We will explore the unexplored villages to find more neutrals or enemy villages to capture. Our ultimate goal is to hold 18 villages.

We should also consider the enemy capital Lisboa. We don't need to take it, but we might need to eliminate enemy villages to win. If we capture all enemy villages except maybe the capital, we could win by eliminating every enemy village? The win condition: "hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village." So if we capture all enemy villages (including capital), we win immediately. That might be easier than holding 18? But there are 24 total. We have 8, enemy has at least 2 (Toledo, Lisboa). The other 14 could be neutral or enemy. If we capture all enemy villages, we win. But we need to find them first.

Given the fog, we should explore.

For now, let's focus on turn 12 orders.

We will:
- Build troops at various villages to replenish and expand.
- Send attacks from Zaragoza to Madrid and Pamplona.
- Send reinforcements from interior to front villages.

Let's decide exact numbers.

First, attacks:
- Zaragoza to Madrid: send 2 knights and 1 archer. (Uses all knights and the archer at Zaragoza)
- Zaragoza to Pamplona: send 9 spearman. (Leaves 2 spearman at Zaragoza)

But wait, Zaragoza has 11 spearman. If we send 9, we have 2 left. That's fine.

Now, reinforcements:
We want to send troops from interior to Zaragoza to rebuild its garrison and for future attacks.
- Barcelona: send its 2 spearman to Zaragoza.
- Tarragona: send its 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight to Zaragoza. (all troops)
- Girona: send its 1 knight to Zaragoza? Or to Huesca? Since we are attacking Pamplona from Zaragoza, we might not need more there. But we might want to send to Huesca to prepare for future attacks on Pamplona? Actually Pamplona will be ours after this turn. Huesca is near Pamplona. We could send Girona's knight to Huesca to defend or attack later. But Huesca is interior? Huesca is on the front, facing Pamplona. After we take Pamplona, Huesca will border enemy? Actually Pamplona is neutral, after we take it, it becomes ours. Then Huesca will be interior? Let's see road: Huesca connected to Zaragoza, Pamplona, Girona. If we own Zaragoza, Huesca, Pamplona, then Huesca is interior (all neighbors ours). So we might not need to reinforce Huesca. We can send Girona's knight to Zaragoza to help rebuild.

- Castellon: send its 2 spearman to Valencia to reinforce for Murcia attack.
- Huesca: we can keep its 4 spearman for now, or send to Zaragoza? We might want to keep them to defend Huesca or attack later. Since Huesca is safe for now, we can leave them.
- Valencia: we might want to send its 2 spearman to Murcia? But they are not enough. We can keep them and later attack after reinforcements arrive.
- Teruel: we might want to send some troops to reinforce Teruel? Teruel has 9 troops, which is decent. But enemy at Toledo might attack. We could send some spearman from Zaragoza to Teruel? But Zaragoza is sending troops away. We could send from Barcelona? But we already sending Barcelona's troops to Zaragoza. We could instead send some to Teruel. Let's think about Teruel's defense. Teruel faces Toledo (enemy). Effective defense 23. Enemy has 10 troops. If enemy attacks, they might lose. But we should reinforce Teruel to be safe. We can send spearman from interior to Teruel. Which interior village is close to Teruel? Valencia is connected to Teruel. Castellon is connected to Teruel. Zaragoza is connected. We could send from Castellon to Teruel instead of Valencia. Or send from Zaragoza to Teruel after we receive reinforcements? That's complicated.

Maybe we should send some troops from Barcelona to Teruel? Barcelona to Teruel: 3 slow/2 medium/1 fast. That's 1 fast turn. So they can arrive quickly. But we already plan to send Barcelona's 2 spearman to Zaragoza. We could send them to Teruel instead. But Zaragoza is also important.

Let's prioritize: We need to capture neutrals to grow. Zaragoza is our main attack base. We should rebuild Zaragoza. Teruel can hold for now. If enemy attacks Teruel, they might lose. But we can also send reinforcements to Teruel from Zaragoza after we rebuild Zaragoza. That would be later.

Alternatively, we can send Barcelona's spearman to Teruel, and Tarragona's troops to Zaragoza. That might be better because Teruel is closer to Barcelona? Actually Barcelona to Teruel: 1 fast turn. Barcelona to Zaragoza: probably 1 fast turn as well (since Barcelona to Teruel is 3 edges, to Zaragoza is 2 edges? Actually Barcelona to Zaragoza is 2 edges: 22-21-17. So faster than to Teruel). So both are close.

Let's decide: We'll send Barcelona's 2 spearman to Zaragoza to help rebuild the spearman there. Tarragona's troops to Zaragoza as well. Girona's knight to Zaragoza. Castellon's 2 spearman to Valencia. Huesca's 4 spearman stay. Valencia's 2 spearman stay. Teruel's troops stay.

But we also need to consider that we are sending all troops from Tarragona and Barcelona, leaving those villages empty. That's fine because they are interior and safe. They can build new troops next turn.

Now, building:

We need to build at our villages to increase troop numbers. We should build spearman at many villages because they are cheap and we need many to attack knight neutrals. We also need knights to attack archer neutrals. We have Madrid (archers) captured, but we might encounter more archers. We also need archers? Not sure.

Let's list builds:

- Barcelona: after sending 2 spearman, will have 0 troops. Wood 90, iron 90. We can build 6 spearman (90 wood) or 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron). Since we need spearman, let's build 6 spearman. But we also might want knights for future. We can build 4 spearman (60 wood) and 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) = 90 wood, 30 iron, leaving iron 60. That's a mix. Let's do 4 spearman + 1 knight. That gives 5 troops.

- Tarragona: after sending 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight, will have 0. Wood 90, iron 110. Build: we can build 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron) leaving iron 20. Or 6 spearman (90 wood) and have iron 110. Since we need spearman, maybe 6 spearman. But we also need knights. Let's build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and 2 spearman (30 wood) = 90 wood, 60 iron, leaving iron 50. That's 4 troops.

- Girona: after sending 1 knight, will have 0. Wood 90, iron 110. Build: similar, maybe 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and 2 spearman (30 wood) = 90 wood, 60 iron.

- Castellon: after sending 2 spearman, will have 0. Wood 90, iron 120. Build: 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron) and 0 spearman? Or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and 2 spearman (30 wood) = 90 wood, 60 iron. Let's do 2 knights + 2 spearman.

- Zaragoza: after sending 9 spearman, 2 knight, 1 archer, and we have 2 spearman left. So current troops: 2 spearman. We can build more. Wood 90, iron 60. Build: 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and 2 spearman (30 wood) = 90 wood, 60 iron. That would add 2 knights and 2 spearman, total 4 spearman, 2 knights at Zaragoza after build. But we need to consider that the build happens this turn, so the new troops are available immediately? The rule: "ready in 1 turn". So if we order build now, they will be ready at the start of next turn? Actually, in these games, builds ordered now are available for movement next turn. But the orders are simultaneous. So if we order a build at Zaragoza, can we also order those new troops to move in the same turn? Typically no, because they are built at the end of the turn or start of next. The problem statement: "spearman: costs 15 wood + 0 iron, ready in 1 turn." That means if you order it now, it will be available next turn. So you cannot send it this turn. So we should not plan to send newly built troops this turn. We can only send troops that are currently at home (the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" list). So our movements can only use the troops listed as available.

Thus, for Zaragoza, available to send: 4 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight? Wait, the report says for Teruel: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 4 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight (attack power if all sent: 20)". For Zaragoza: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 11 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight (attack power if all sent: 21)". So those are the troops we can send this turn. So we cannot send the 2 spearman that are left? Actually, the available to send is the total troops at home. So Zaragoza has 14 troops: 11 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. That matches the available list. So we can send any subset. We plan to send 9 spearman, 2 knight, 1 archer. That leaves 2 spearman at Zaragoza. Those 2 spearman will remain. Then we can build new troops, but they won't be available for movement this turn.

So our movements are only from the available troops.

Now, for building, we can order builds at any village. They will be ready next turn.

So let's finalize builds:

We want to build troops to increase our army. We should build at villages that have high resources and are safe.

Let's decide:

- Barcelona: build 4 spearman (60 wood) and 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> uses 90 wood, 30 iron. Leaves iron 60.
- Tarragona: build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and 2 spearman (30 wood) -> 90 wood, 60 iron. Leaves iron 50.
- Girona: build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and 2 spearman (30 wood) -> 90 wood, 60 iron. Leaves iron 50.
- Castellon: build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and 2 spearman (30 wood) -> 90 wood, 60 iron. Leaves iron 60.
- Zaragoza: build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and 2 spearman (30 wood) -> 90 wood, 60 iron. Leaves iron 0? Actually iron 60 - 60 = 0. Wood 90 - 90 = 0.
- Huesca: build 4 spearman (60 wood) and maybe 1 knight? Wood 90, iron 80. 4 spearman = 60 wood, leaving 30 wood. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> total 90 wood, 30 iron. Leaves iron 50. So 4 spearman + 1 knight.
- Valencia: build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and 2 spearman (30 wood) -> 90 wood, 60 iron. Leaves iron 20.
- Teruel: build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 4 spearman (60 wood) -> 90 wood, 30 iron. Leaves iron 10. (Teruel iron 40, so 30 used, 10 left.)

But we need to check if we have enough wood and iron at each. Let's verify:

Barcelona: wood 90, iron 90. Build 4 spearman (60 wood, 0 iron) + 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) = 90 wood, 30 iron. OK.
Tarragona: wood 90, iron 110. Build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) + 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron) = 90 wood, 60 iron. OK.
Girona: wood 90, iron 110. Same, OK.
Castellon: wood 90, iron 120. Same, OK.
Zaragoza: wood 90, iron 60. Build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) + 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron) = 90 wood, 60 iron. OK.
Huesca: wood 90, iron 80. Build 4 spearman (60 wood) + 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) = 90 wood, 30 iron. OK.
Valencia: wood 90, iron 80. Build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) + 2 spearman (30 wood) = 90 wood, 60 iron. OK.
Teruel: wood 90, iron 40. Build 4 spearman (60 wood) + 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) = 90 wood, 30 iron. OK, leaves iron 10.

This seems good. We are building a lot of spearman and knights. We are not building archers. That's fine.

Now, movements:

We have the following attacks:
1. Zaragoza -> Madrid: {knight: 2, archer: 1}
2. Zaragoza -> Pamplona: {spearman: 9}

Reinforcements:
3. Barcelona -> Zaragoza: {spearman: 2}
4. Tarragona -> Zaragoza: {spearman: 1, archer: 1, knight: 1}
5. Girona -> Zaragoza: {knight: 1}
6. Castellon -> Valencia: {spearman: 2}
7. Huesca: no movement (keep 4 spearman)
8. Valencia: no movement (keep 2 spearman)
9. Teruel: no movement (keep 4 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight)

But wait, we also might want to send some troops from Zaragoza to Teruel to reinforce? Zaragoza is sending almost all troops away. It will be left with 2 spearman. Then we are sending reinforcements from Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona to Zaragoza. Those will arrive later. But Teruel might be attacked. We could instead send some of the reinforcements to Teruel. Let's think about the road network: Teruel is connected to Zaragoza, Valencia, Castellon. If we send from Barcelona to Teruel, they go through Tarragona, Zaragoza? Actually Barcelona to Teruel: path is Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> Teruel. Since Zaragoza is ours, they pass through. But if we send them to Teruel, they will travel that path. The time is 1 fast turn (from report: Barcelona to Teruel: 1 fast turn). So they would arrive quickly. If we send them to Zaragoza, they would arrive at Zaragoza (maybe 1 fast turn as well? Barcelona to Zaragoza is shorter). We could send Barcelona's spearman to Teruel instead, to reinforce Teruel. Then Zaragoza would only get Tarragona and Girona troops. But Tarragona and Girona troops would also go through Zaragoza? Actually Tarragona to Zaragoza is direct. Girona to Zaragoza: Girona -> Huesca -> Zaragoza? Road: Girona connected to Huesca (20) and Barcelona (22). To get to Zaragoza, Girona -> Huesca -> Zaragoza, or Girona -> Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza. Both are longer. The report says from Girona to nearest border village [13] Teruel: 3 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast turns. That's to Teruel. So Girona to Zaragoza would be similar. So Girona's knight would take time to reach Zaragoza.

Maybe we should send some troops directly to Teruel to defend it. Let's check Teruel's situation. Teruel has 9 troops, effective defense 23. Enemy at Toledo has 10 troops. If enemy attacks Teruel, they would likely lose because defense is strong. But if enemy sends more troops from other villages, they could overwhelm. We don't know enemy strength elsewhere. To be safe, we can send the 2 spearman from Barcelona to Teruel. And maybe also send the 2 spearman from Castellon to Teruel? Castellon to Teruel: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns (from Castellon to Teruel). So they can arrive in 1 fast turn. Valencia to Teruel: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So we could send Valencia's 2 spearman to Teruel as well. But then Valencia would be empty, and we can't attack Murcia. We need to attack Murcia eventually. We can rebuild Valencia later.

Alternatively, we can leave Valencia and Castellon as is, and send Barcelona's spearman to Teruel. That gives Teruel +2 spearman. Then Tarragona and Girona to Zaragoza.

Let's decide:

We want to reinforce Teruel because it's our only border with the enemy's main territory (Toledo). The enemy might attack. We'll send Barcelona's 2 spearman to Teruel. Tarragona's troops to Zaragoza. Girona's knight to Zaragoza. Castellon's 2 spearman to Valencia. Valencia's 2 spearman stay. Huesca's 4 spearman stay.

But wait, if we send Barcelona to Teruel, they will pass through Tarragona and Zaragoza. Since those are ours, they can pass. But the travel time: Barcelona to Teruel is 1 fast turn. So they arrive turn 13. Good.

Now, what about Zaragoza? After sending 9 spearman to Pamplona and 2 knight+1 archer to Madrid, Zaragoza will have 2 spearman left. Then we send Tarragona's 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight to Zaragoza, and Girona's 1 knight to Zaragoza. Those will arrive later (Tarragona to Zaragoza: ? Girona to Zaragoza: ?). They will reinforce Zaragoza for future.

Now, we also need to consider that after capturing Madrid and Pamplona, those villages will be ours. We can send troops to them to garrison? The attackers that survive will stay as garrison. So we don't need to send more immediately.

Now, let's also think about the unexplored villages. We might want to send a small army to explore, but we don't have many troops to spare. We can wait.

Now, we need to write the "plan" and "statement".

Plan: We are launching a double attack from Zaragoza to capture Madrid and Pamplona, using knights against archers and spearmen against knights. We are sending reinforcements to Zaragoza and Teruel to secure our borders and prepare for further expansion. We will then focus on capturing Murcia and exploring the unexplored territories to find more villages to conquer. Our ultimate goal is to hold 18 villages.

Statement: We order the attack on Madrid and Pamplona, sending our forces to expand our territory. We also reinforce our borders and build new troops for the coming battles.

Now, we need to format the JSON.

Build list: we have many builds. We need to list each build as an object. We can combine multiple builds at the same village? The schema shows a list of build objects. We can have multiple objects for the same village. So we'll list each type and quantity separately, or combine? The schema says: "build": [ {"villageId": <id>, "type": <...>, "quantity": <n>} ]. So we can have one object per type per village, or multiple objects. We can just list each village's builds as separate objects.

Let's list all builds we decided:

Barcelona: build 4 spearman, 1 knight. So two objects: {villageId: 22, type: "spearman", quantity: 4}, {villageId: 22, type: "knight", quantity: 1}
Tarragona: 2 knights, 2 spearman -> {21, knight, 2}, {21, spearman, 2}
Girona: 2 knights, 2 spearman -> {23, knight, 2}, {23, spearman, 2}
Castellon: 2 knights, 2 spearman -> {18, knight, 2}, {18, spearman, 2}
Zaragoza: 2 knights, 2 spearman -> {17, knight, 2}, {17, spearman, 2}
Huesca: 4 spearman, 1 knight -> {20, spearman, 4}, {20, knight, 1}
Valencia: 2 knights, 2 spearman -> {16, knight, 2}, {16, spearman, 2}
Teruel: 4 spearman, 1 knight -> {13, spearman, 4}, {13, knight, 1}

That's a lot of builds. Is that allowed? The problem doesn't limit the number of builds. We should ensure we don't exceed resources. We already checked.

But wait, we also need to consider that some villages might not have enough iron for knights. We checked.

Now, movements list:

1. from 17 to 12 (Madrid): {knight: 2, archer: 1}
2. from 17 to 19 (Pamplona): {spearman: 9}
3. from 22 to 13 (Teruel): {spearman: 2}  (Barcelona to Teruel)
4. from 21 to 17 (Zaragoza): {spearman: 1, archer: 1, knight: 1} (Tarragona to Zaragoza)
5. from 23 to 17 (Zaragoza): {knight: 1} (Girona to Zaragoza)
6. from 18 to 16 (Valencia): {spearman: 2} (Castellon to Valencia)

We are not moving from Huesca, Valencia, Teruel (except we might want to send Teruel's troops somewhere? No, keep them).

But wait, we also have the option to send from Valencia to Murcia? We decided not yet because not enough. So we leave Valencia's 2 spearman there.

Now, check if we have enough troops at each source village to send what we specify.

- Zaragoza: available 11 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. We send 9 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. That's exactly all except 2 spearman. OK.
- Barcelona: available 2 spearman. We send 2 spearman to Teruel. OK.
- Tarragona: available 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. We send all to Zaragoza. OK.
- Girona: available 1 knight. We send to Zaragoza. OK.
- Castellon: available 2 spearman. We send to Valencia. OK.
- Valencia: available 2 spearman. We don't send. OK.
- Huesca: available 4 spearman. We don't send. OK.
- Teruel: available 4 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. We don't send. OK.

Now, we need to ensure that the destinations are valid. Madrid (12) is neutral, Pamplona (19) neutral, Teruel (13) is ours, Zaragoza (17) ours, Valencia (16) ours. All valid.

Now, we need to consider the order of battles if multiple attacks on same turn? The attacks are simultaneous? The enemy writes orders at the same time. Our attacks will happen when they arrive. For Madrid and Pamplona, they both leave Zaragoza this turn. They will travel along different roads. They won't interfere.

Now, one more thing: The rule "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". For Zaragoza to Madrid: path is Zaragoza -> Madrid directly? Road: [13] Teruel: [8], [16], [17], [18]. [17] Zaragoza: [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]. So Zaragoza connected to Madrid (12). So direct road. No intermediate villages. So they go directly to Madrid and fight.

For Zaragoza to Pamplona: Zaragoza connected to Pamplona (19). Direct road. So fine.

For Barcelona to Teruel: path: Barcelona (22) -> Tarragona (21) -> Zaragoza (17) -> Teruel (13). All ours, so they pass through and arrive at Teruel. They will join Teruel's garrison. No battle.

For Tarragona to Zaragoza: Tarragona (21) -> Zaragoza (17). Direct? Tarragona connected to Zaragoza (17) and Castellon (18) and Barcelona (22). So direct. They arrive at Zaragoza and join.

For Girona to Zaragoza: Girona (23) connected to Huesca (20) and Barcelona (22). To get to Zaragoza, they must go through Huesca or Barcelona. If they go through Huesca: Girona -> Huesca (20) -> Zaragoza (17). Huesca is ours, so they pass. If they go through Barcelona: Girona -> Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza. Both are ours. The game will choose the shortest path? We don't control pathing; we just specify destination. The rule: "Armies march along the ROAD NETWORK that connects the villages, never in a straight line." So they will find a path. They will stop at any non-owned village on the way. Since all on the way are ours, they will reach Zaragoza. Travel time will be whatever it is. We don't need to specify path.

For Castellon to Valencia: Castellon (18) connected to Valencia (16) and Teruel (13) and Tarragona (21). Direct to Valencia. So fine.

Now, we need to write the plan and statement.

Plan: "We are launching a double attack from Zaragoza to capture Madrid and Pamplona. We send knights and an archer to Madrid to counter their archers, and spearmen to Pamplona to counter their knights. We reinforce Zaragoza with troops from Tarragona and Girona, and send Barcelona's spearmen to Teruel to strengthen our border against the enemy. We also send Castellon's spearmen to Valencia to prepare for the attack on Murcia. We build a mix of spearmen and knights at all our villages to grow our army for further expansion."

Statement: "We order the assault on Madrid and Pamplona, using our forces to expand our territory. We also send reinforcements to secure our borders and build new troops for the coming battles. The campaign to hold 18 villages has begun."

Now, let's double-check if we have any mistakes.

- We are sending 9 spearman from Zaragoza to Pamplona. Zaragoza has 11 spearman. We leave 2. That's fine.
- We send 2 knights and 1 archer to Madrid. Zaragoza has 2 knights and 1 archer. So we send all of those. Good.
- We send Barcelona's 2 spearman to Teruel. Barcelona has 2 spearman. Good.
- Tarragona: 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight to Zaragoza. Good.
- Girona: 1 knight to Zaragoza. Good.
- Castellon: 2 spearman to Valencia. Good.

Now, what about the enemy? They might also move. We don't know. But our orders are set.

Now, we need to output JSON. The JSON must have the fields: build, movements, plan, statement.

Let's construct the JSON.

We need to ensure the villageIds are numbers. The report uses numbers in brackets. So we use those numbers.

Build list: we'll list each build object.

We have many builds. Let's list them in order.

[
  {"villageId": 22, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
  {"villageId": 22, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 21, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 21, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 23, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 23, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 18, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 18, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 17, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 17, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 20, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
  {"villageId": 20, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 16, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 16, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 13, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
  {"villageId": 13, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
]

But wait, we need to check if we have enough wood and iron at each village for these builds. We already did. But let's double-check Teruel: wood 90, iron 40. Build 4 spearman (60 wood) + 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) = 90 wood, 30 iron. OK. Leaves iron 10.

Now, movements list:

[
  {"fromId": 17, "toId": 12, "troops": {"knight": 2, "archer": 1}},
  {"fromId": 17, "toId": 19, "troops": {"spearman": 9}},
  {"fromId": 22, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 2}},
  {"fromId": 21, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 1, "knight": 1}},
  {"fromId": 23, "toId": 17, "troops": {"knight": 1}},
  {"fromId": 18, "toId": 16, "troops": {"spearman": 2}}
]

We should also consider if we want to send any troops to Madrid or Pamplona from other villages? No, we are using Zaragoza.

Now, plan and statement strings.

Plan: "We are launching a double attack from Zaragoza to capture Madrid and Pamplona. We send knights and an archer to Madrid to counter their archers, and spearmen to Pamplona to counter their knights. We reinforce Zaragoza with troops from Tarragona and Girona, and send Barcelona's spearmen to Teruel to strengthen our border against the enemy. We also send Castellon's spearmen to Valencia to prepare for the attack on Murcia. We build a mix of spearmen and knights at all our villages to grow our army for further expansion."

Statement: "We order the assault on Madrid and Pamplona, using our forces to expand our territory. We also send reinforcements to secure our borders and build new troops for the coming battles. The campaign to hold 18 villages has begun."

We need to keep plan under 600 characters? The instruction says: "2 to 6 lines (anything past 600 characters is cut off)." So we should keep it concise. Let's count characters. The above plan is about 500 characters? Let's check: "We are launching a double attack from Zaragoza to capture Madrid and Pamplona. We send knights and an archer to Madrid to counter their archers, and spearmen to Pamplona to counter their knights. We reinforce Zaragoza with troops from Tarragona and Girona, and send Barcelona's spearmen to Teruel to strengthen our border against the enemy. We also send Castellon's spearmen to Valencia to prepare for the attack on Murcia. We build a mix of spearmen and knights at all our villages to grow our army for further expansion." That's 544 characters. OK.

Statement: "We order the assault on Madrid and Pamplona, using our forces to expand our territory. We also send reinforcements to secure our borders and build new troops for the coming battles. The campaign to hold 18 villages has begun." That's about 200 characters. OK.

Now, we need to output only the JSON. No text before or after.

Let's format the JSON properly.

We need to ensure that the JSON is valid. Use double quotes.

Let's write it.

But wait, we might have missed something: The rule "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." We checked resources. But we need to ensure that the village has enough resources to build all the units we ordered. We did.

Also, we need to consider that some villages might have troops at home that we are sending, and we are also building new ones. That's fine.

One more thing: The "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" for Zaragoza lists 11 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. But the report says "troops at home: 14 / 300" and "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 11 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight (attack power if all sent: 21)". So that's correct.

But wait, the report for Zaragoza says: "effective defense (location bonus included): 35 | troops at home: 14 / 300". That's defense 35. So it's strong.

Now, we need to consider if our attacks will succeed. Let's recalc combat:

Madrid: effective defense 13. Our attack: 2 knight (attack 4 each) + 1 archer (attack 2) = 10. Most numerous: knight (2) vs archer (5). Knight counters archer, so we get x1.5. 10 * 1.5 = 15 > 13. Win. We lose troops worth half of 13 = 6.5. Our army value: knights value? The loss is spread over types. Probably we'll lose some knights and archers. But we still win.

Pamplona: effective defense 13. Our attack: 9 spearman (attack 1 each) = 9. Most numerous: spearman (9) vs knight (5). Spearman counters knight, so x1.5. 9 * 1.5 = 13.5 > 13. Win. Loss: 6.5 worth of spearman. So we'll lose some spearman.

After these battles, our arriving troops will be reduced. But we still capture the villages.

Now, what about the enemy's counter-attack? They might attack Teruel or other places. We have reinforced Teruel with 2 spearman from Barcelona, so Teruel will have 4+2=6 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight = 11 troops, defense 35? Actually defense might increase with more troops? The effective defense is based on the troops' defense and location bonus. More troops might increase defense? The effective defense number given is for the current garrison. When we add troops, the defense will change. But we don't need to compute exactly.

Now, we should also consider that we are sending Barcelona's spearman to Teruel. They will arrive and join the garrison. That will increase Teruel's defense.

Now, we need to make sure we don't violate any rules. The movements list has troops sent to our own villages (13, 17, 16). That's allowed.

Now, let's produce the final JSON.

We'll write:

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 13, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 13, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 17, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 17, "toId": 19, "troops": {"spearman": 9, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 22, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 21, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 1, "archer": 1, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 23, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 18, "toId": 16, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}}
  ],
  "plan": "We are launching a double attack from Zaragoza to capture Madrid and Pamplona. We send knights and an archer to Madrid to counter their archers, and spearmen to Pamplona to counter their knights. We reinforce Zaragoza with troops from Tarragona and Girona, and send Barcelona's spearmen to Teruel to strengthen our border against the enemy. We also send Castellon's spearmen to Valencia to prepare for the attack on Murcia. We build a mix of spearmen and knights at all our villages to grow our army for further expansion.",
  "statement": "We order the assault on Madrid and Pamplona, using our forces to expand our territory. We also send reinforcements to secure our borders and build new troops for the coming battles. The campaign to hold 18 villages has begun."
}

But wait, in the movements, we need to include all three troop types in each object? The schema says: "troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}. It might be okay to include zeros. But to be safe, we can omit zero counts. The example doesn't show zeros. We can just include the types that are >0. Let's do that to be clean.

So:
- Zaragoza to Madrid: {"knight": 2, "archer": 1}
- Zaragoza to Pamplona: {"spearman": 9}
- Barcelona to Teruel: {"spearman": 2}
- Tarragona to Zaragoza: {"spearman": 1, "archer": 1, "knight": 1}
- Girona to Zaragoza: {"knight": 1}
- Castellon to Valencia: {"spearman": 2}

That's fine.

Now, check if we need to send any troops to our new captures? No, the surviving attackers stay as garrison.

Now, one more thing: The rule "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." We are not sending multiple to the same target from different villages, except we are sending to Zaragoza from Tarragona and Girona. But they are going to our own village, so no fight. They just join. That's fine.

Now, we should also consider that we are building a lot of troops. But we need to ensure that the villages have enough resources. We already checked.

Let's double-check resource totals for each village after builds:

Barcelona: wood 90 - (4*15 + 1*30) = 90 - (60+30) = 0. iron 90 - (0 + 30) = 60. OK.
Tarragona: wood 90 - (2*30 + 2*15) = 90 - (60+30) = 0. iron 110 - (2*30 + 0) = 110 - 60 = 50. OK.
Girona: same as Tarragona: wood 0, iron 50.
Castellon: wood 90 - (2*30 + 2*15) = 0. iron 120 - 60 = 60.
Zaragoza: wood 90 - (2*30 + 2*15) = 0. iron 60 - 60 = 0.
Huesca: wood 90 - (4*15 + 1*30) = 90 - (60+30) = 0. iron 80 - 30 = 50.
Valencia: wood 90 - (2*30 + 2*15) = 0. iron 80 - 60 = 20.
Teruel: wood 90 - (4*15 + 1*30) = 0. iron 40 - 30 = 10.

All have non-negative resources. Good.

Now, we need to consider if we should build archers anywhere. We have many iron but not building archers. Archers cost 20 wood, 10 iron. We might need them for future. But we can build them later.

Now, let's think about the enemy's possible actions. They might attack Teruel. We have reinforced it. They might also attack Zaragoza? Zaragoza is not directly bordering enemy except through Teruel? Actually Zaragoza borders Madrid (neutral) and Pamplona (neutral) and Teruel (ours) and Huesca (ours) and Tarragona (ours). So no direct enemy border. After we take Madrid, Zaragoza will border enemy? Madrid will be ours, so Zaragoza will be interior. The enemy is at Toledo (8). Toledo borders Teruel (13) and Madrid (12) and others. So after we take Madrid, Toledo will border Madrid (ours) and Teruel (ours). So the enemy might attack Madrid or Teruel. We need to be ready.

Our plan seems solid.

Now, output the JSON.

We must ensure the JSON is the only output. No text before or after.

Let's write it.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"cavaleiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":17,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"cavaleiro":2,"arqueiro":1}},{"origemId":17,"destinoId":19,"tropas":{"lanceiro":9}},{"origemId":22,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2}},{"origemId":21,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":1,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":23,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":18,"destinoId":16,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [18]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [18]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [17]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [20]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [20]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [20]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [20]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [20]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [16]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [13]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [13]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [13]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [13]
ACEITO envio [17]->[12]: 1A+2K (alvo neutra arqueiro)
ACEITO envio [17]->[19]: 9S (alvo neutra cavaleiro)
ACEITO envio [22]->[13]: 2S
ACEITO envio [21]->[17]: 1S+1A+1K
ACEITO envio [23]->[17]: 1K
ACEITO envio [18]->[16]: 2S
REJEITADO: construir [13]: recurso insuficiente p/ cavaleiro (tem 0m/40f, custa 30m/30f)
plano (volta no proximo prompt): We are launching a double attack from Zaragoza to capture Madrid and Pamplona. We send knights and an archer to Madrid to counter their archers, and spearmen to Pamplona to counter their knights. We reinforce Zaragoza with troops from Tarragona and Girona, and send Barcelona's spearmen to Teruel to strengthen our border against the enemy. We also send Castellon's spearmen to Valencia to prepare for the attack on Murcia. We build a mix of spearmen and knights at all our villages to grow our army for further expansion.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): We order the assault on Madrid and Pamplona, using our forces to expand our territory. We also send reinforcements to secure our borders and build new troops for the coming battles. The campaign to hold 18 villages has begun.
placar: A 11 ald/tropas 81 | B 8 ald/tropas 17 | neutras 5 | transito 6 (A 0 | B 6)

########## TURNO 13 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3720 | resposta 16710 | raciocinio 12245 | finish stop | ms 205931
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 6},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 6},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 6},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 6},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 6},\n    {\"villageId\": 7, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 7, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 8, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 6},\n    {\"villageId\": 10, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 6},\n    {\"villageId\": 9, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 6}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 8, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 8, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 4, \"toId\": 7, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 6, \"toId\": 7, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 3, \"toId\": 7, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 3}},\n    {\"fromId\": 5, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 6, \"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 9, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"archer\": 4}},\n    {\"fromId\": 10, \"toId\": 6, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 7, \"archer\": 2}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"This turn, we launch our main attack on Madrid [12] using Toledo's full army. We reinforce Salamanca [7] with troops from Badajoz, Porto, and Coimbra to secure the border and prepare for the next push into enemy territory. We also start moving southern reserves (Faro, Sevilha, Vigo) toward the northern front to sustain the offensive. We must capture Madrid and hold the line. Next turn, we will assess the situation in Madrid and plan the advance toward Zaragoza or Burgos.\",\n  \"statement\": \"King A orders the armies to strike! Toledo's finest march on Madrid, while Badajoz, Porto, Coimbra, and others rush to reinforce Salamanca. The trap is set. We will crush King B's forces and reclaim our lands. The south gathers its strength to feed the northern blade. To war!\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A in a strategy game.
I need to output a JSON object with "build", "movements", "plan", and "statement".

Let's analyze the state:
My villages (11):
[0] Lisboa (Capital): 6/300 troops (2 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight available to send). Wood 90, Iron 140.
[1] Santarem: 9/300 troops (6 spearman, 3 archer). Wood 90, Iron 160.
[2] Evora: 5/300 troops (2 spearman, 3 archer). Wood 90, Iron 160.
[3] Coimbra: 5/300 troops (2 spearman, 3 archer). Wood 90, Iron 130.
[4] Badajoz: 8/300 troops (4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight). Wood 90, Iron 110.
[5] Faro: 11/300 troops (6 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight). Wood 90, Iron 130.
[6] Porto: 8/300 troops (4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight). Wood 90, Iron 110.
[7] Salamanca: 2/300 troops (2 archer). Wood 110, Iron 80. Border with [12] Madrid.
[8] Toledo: 10/300 troops (8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight). Wood 100, Iron 70. Border with [12], [13].
[10] Vigo: 9/300 troops (7 spearman, 2 archer). Wood 100, Iron 70.
[9] Sevilha: 8/300 troops (4 spearman, 4 archer). Wood 100, Iron 70.

Total troops at home: 81 (45 spearman, 30 archer, 6 knight).
We hold 11 of 24 villages. To win, we need to hold 18 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.
The enemy capital is Barcelona [22], which is unexplored.
Currently, the enemy has [12] Madrid (garrison: 1 archer, 1 knight, defense 5), [13] Teruel (garrison: 8 spearmen, 2 archers, 3 knights, defense 33).
Neutral villages: [11] Cordoba (5 spearmen, defense 13), [14] Burgos (5 spearmen, defense 13).
Unexplored: [15] Murcia, [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona, [23] Girona.

Let's check the enemy army on the march:
- enemy army marching toward [13] Teruel, arrives in 2 turns. Wait, if it's marching toward Teruel (which is enemy), maybe it's reinforcing or it's an enemy army from somewhere else? Or maybe it's my army? It says "ENEMY (only what your watchmen can see): - enemy army marching toward [13] Teruel, arrives in 2 turns".

Let's look at the road network:
[7] Salamanca is connected to [3], [4], [6], [12].
[8] Toledo is connected to [4], [11], [12], [13].
[12] Madrid is connected to [7], [8], [14], [17].
[13] Teruel is connected to [8], [16], [17], [18].

We want to expand. We can attack [12] Madrid or [11] Cordoba (neutral) or [14] Burgos (neutral).
Let's look at the troop strengths.
Madrid has 1 archer, 1 knight, defense 5. But defense is effective defense (location bonus included). So effective defense is 5.
We can easily take Madrid. If we attack Madrid from Salamanca [7] or Toledo [8].
Salamanca has 2 archers (attack power 4). Toledo has 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight (attack power: spearman 1, archer 2, knight 4. Total: 8*1 + 1*2 + 1*4 = 14).
Wait, combat rules:
"When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs.
Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5.
The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."

If we attack Madrid (1 archer, 1 knight):
The most numerous type in Madrid: tie between archer and knight (1 each). Tie breaks in the order spearman, archer, knight. So archer is the most numerous type (or rather, the defining type for the tie-breaker).
If we attack with mostly spearman: spearman counters knight, but archer counters spearman. Wait, if archer is the defining type, spearman is countered by archer.
If we attack with spearman: our attack is spearman, defender is archer (defender wins counter). So our attack is multiplied by 0.5? Or is it that the counter triangle is: "spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
If the defender has archer as the most numerous, and we have spearman, the defender counters us, so our force is multiplied by 0.5? Or does the defender get 1.5? The rules say "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5". It doesn't explicitly say what happens if you are countered, but usually it's 0.5 or we just don't get the bonus. Let's assume standard mechanics: if we are countered, we don't get the 1.5, maybe 0.5 or just 1.0. But usually, if we have knights and they have archers, knights counter archers, so we get 1.5.
Let's see what troops we should send to Madrid.
Madrid defense is 5.
If we send troops from Toledo [8]: 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
Most numerous is spearman (8). Defender has 1 archer, 1 knight. Tie-breaker makes defender's type archer. Spearman is countered by archer. So our spearman attack is countered.
If we send from Salamanca [7]: 2 archer. Archer vs archer (no counter). Attack = 2 * 2 = 4. Defense is 5. We lose.
What if we send knights? Knight counters archer.
We have knights in Lisboa, Badajoz, Faro, Toledo.
Let's look at our resources and builds.
We have 11 villages. We need 18 to win. That's 7 more villages.
We can take Madrid [12] (enemy), Cordoba [11] (neutral), Burgos [14] (neutral).
If we take Madrid, we connect to Burgos [14] and Zaragoza [17].
If we take Cordoba, we connect to Murcia [15] and Sevilha [9] (already ours).
Let's plan the attacks.
We can attack Madrid from Toledo [8] or Salamanca [7].
Toledo has 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. If we send all, it's 8 spearman (attack 8), 1 archer (attack 2), 1 knight (attack 4). Total raw attack = 14.
If we send from Badajoz [4]: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. Raw attack = 4 + 6 + 4 = 14.
Let's look at the march times:
From [7] Salamanca to [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. (So 1 turn for fast, 1 for medium, 1 for slow? Wait, "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means it takes 1 turn for any speed? Or 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast? Usually, the format "X slow / Y medium / Z fast turns" means if you send slow troops it takes X turns, medium takes Y, fast takes Z. So 1 turn for any).
From [8] Toledo to [12] Madrid: road connection is [8] - [12]. March time: "march from [8] Toledo: ...". Let's check Toledo's connections: [8] Toledo is connected to [4], [11], [12], [13].
Wait, the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" section says:
"[12] Madrid ... march from [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
"[11] Cordoba ... march from [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
"[13] Teruel ... march from [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
So from Salamanca to Madrid is 1 turn. From Toledo to Madrid is also probably 1 turn (since they are directly connected).
Let's check the road network: [7] Salamanca: [3], [4], [6], [12]. [8] Toledo: [4], [11], [12], [13].
So Salamanca to Madrid is 1 road segment. Toledo to Madrid is 1 road segment.
March time is 1 turn for all speeds.

Let's calculate the combat against Madrid (defense 5, garrison 1 archer, 1 knight).
If we send from Toledo [8]: 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
Most numerous: spearman (8). Defender: 1 archer, 1 knight. Tie-breaker: archer. Archer counters spearman. So our spearman attack is countered.
Wait, if we send only knights? We only have 1 knight in Toledo.
What if we send from Badajoz [4] to Madrid? Badajoz is connected to [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. Not directly to Madrid. So we have to go through Salamanca or Toledo.
If we send from Faro [5]: 6 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight. Faro is connected to [2], [4], [9]. To get to Madrid, we'd have to go through [4] Badajoz and then [7] or [8]. That's 2 segments, so 2 turns.
Let's send a strong army from Toledo [8] to Madrid [12].
Toledo has 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
If we send all 10: spearman is most numerous. Defender has archer/knight tie -> archer. Spearman is countered by archer.
What if we send 7 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight? Still spearman is most numerous.
What if we send 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight? Tie-breaker: spearman. Defender: archer. Spearman countered.
What if we send 0 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight? Tie-breaker: archer. Defender: archer. No counter.
What if we send 2 knight, 1 archer? Knight is most numerous (2). Knight counters archer! So we get 1.5 multiplier.
But we only have 1 knight in Toledo. We can send knights from Lisboa [0] or Badajoz [4] or Faro [5] to Toledo, but that takes time.
Wait, we can just send the troops we have in Toledo. If spearman is countered, our attack is still 8 (if spearman attack is 1, and it's countered, maybe it's 8 * 0.5 = 4? Or is it just 8? The rule says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5". It doesn't say being countered reduces it, but logically it should, or maybe the defender gets the 1.5? "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup... Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
If defender has archer, and we have spearman, the defender has the counter (archer counters spearman). So the defender's force is multiplied by 1.5?
"effective defense (location bonus included): 5". The report says "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again."
But does it include the counter bonus? "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus." It doesn't mention counter bonus. So counter bonus is applied during combat.
If defender has the counter, their defense is multiplied by 1.5. So 5 * 1.5 = 7.5.
If we attack with 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Our attack is 8*1 + 2 + 4 = 14. If we are countered, maybe our attack is not multiplied, but defender's defense is 7.5. 14 > 7.5, so we still win, but with losses.
Wait, is it better to send a mixed army that gets the counter?
If we send from Salamanca [7]: we have 2 archer. Attack = 4. Defender defense = 5. We lose.
If we send from Toledo [8]: 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Attack = 14. Defender defense = 5 (or 7.5 if countered). We win.
Let's send all available troops from Toledo [8] to Madrid [12].
Wait, Toledo has 10 troops. If we send all, we leave Toledo with 0 troops. Toledo is a border village, but it's ours. If we leave it empty, can the enemy attack it? Yes, but they would have to march there. Madrid is connected to Toledo, so if we take Madrid, the enemy can attack Toledo from Madrid. But if we leave Toledo empty, we might lose it. However, we need to capture Madrid.
Actually, we can build more troops in Toledo.
Toledo has wood 100, iron 70.
It has 10 troops at home. Cap is 300. So it can build more.
What can it build?
spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron.
archer: 20 wood, 10 iron.
knight: 30 wood, 30 iron.
Toledo has 100 wood, 70 iron.
We can build 6 spearman (90 wood) -> but we only have 100 wood. 6 spearman costs 90 wood, 0 iron. We'd have 10 wood, 70 iron.
Or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) and 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 90 wood, 60 iron.
Let's build some troops in our villages to reinforce.
We need to grow our army.
Let's look at all our villages' production:
[0] Lisboa: wood 90, iron 140. Can build 6 spearman (90 wood) or 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
[1] Santarem: wood 90, iron 160.
[2] Evora: wood 90, iron 160.
[3] Coimbra: wood 90, iron 130.
[4] Badajoz: wood 90, iron 110.
[5] Faro: wood 90, iron 130.
[6] Porto: wood 90, iron 110.
[7] Salamanca: wood 110, iron 80. Can build 7 spearman (105 wood) or 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
[8] Toledo: wood 100, iron 70.
[10] Vigo: wood 100, iron 70.
[9] Sevilha: wood 100, iron 70.

Let's build troops in all villages to maximize army size.
Since we need to attack, we should build a mix.
Let's build spearman and archers mostly, as they are cheaper.
In [0] Lisboa: build 6 spearman (cost 90 wood). Or 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron). Let's build 4 archers.
In [1] Santarem: build 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood) -> 95 wood, 40 iron. Or just 6 spearman (90 wood). Let's build 6 spearman.
In [2] Evora: build 6 spearman (90 wood).
In [3] Coimbra: build 6 spearman (90 wood).
In [4] Badajoz: build 6 spearman (90 wood).
In [5] Faro: build 6 spearman (90 wood).
In [6] Porto: build 6 spearman (90 wood).
In [7] Salamanca: build 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron).
In [8] Toledo: build 6 spearman (90 wood).
In [10] Vigo: build 6 spearman (90 wood).
In [9] Sevilha: build 6 spearman (90 wood).

Wait, we need iron for archers and knights. Let's check iron production.
Each village produces 20 iron per turn. We have 11 villages, so 220 iron per turn.
Total iron stockpile:
Lisboa: 140
Santarem: 160
Evora: 160
Coimbra: 130
Badajoz: 110
Faro: 130
Porto: 110
Salamanca: 80
Toledo: 70
Vigo: 70
Sevilha: 70
Total iron: 1340. Total wood: 1090.
We can spend iron on archers (10 iron each) and knights (30 iron each).
Let's build a balanced army.
In [0] Lisboa: 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) -> 100 wood, 80 iron. We have 90 wood, so we can't do 2 knights and 2 archers (needs 100 wood).
Let's do 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) -> 110 wood (we have 90). So 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) and 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 90 wood, 60 iron. This is good.
In [1] Santarem: 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood) -> 95 wood, 40 iron. We have 90 wood, so 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) and 2 spearman (30 wood) -> 90 wood, 30 iron.
In [2] Evora: 6 spearman (90 wood).
In [3] Coimbra: 6 spearman (90 wood).
In [4] Badajoz: 6 spearman (90 wood).
In [5] Faro: 6 spearman (90 wood).
In [6] Porto: 6 spearman (90 wood).
In [7] Salamanca: 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron). We have 110 wood, 80 iron.
In [8] Toledo: 6 spearman (90 wood).
In [10] Vigo: 6 spearman (90 wood).
In [9] Sevilha: 6 spearman (90 wood).

Let's refine the builds to use resources efficiently and prepare for the attack on Madrid.
We want to attack Madrid [12] from Toledo [8] and Salamanca [7].
Toledo currently has 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. If we build 6 spearman, it will have 14 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
Salamanca has 2 archer. If we build 4 archers, it will have 6 archer.
If we send all from Toledo (16 troops) and all from Salamanca (6 troops) to Madrid, they will arrive on the same turn but fight separately? "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
Ah! This is crucial. "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So if we send from Toledo and Salamanca to Madrid, they will fight one after the other.
The first one to arrive (or the one ordered first?) will fight the garrison. If it wins, it takes losses and then the second one arrives and fights the remaining garrison (or the winner's leftovers? "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force). The winner also takes losses... and keeps marching" - wait, if they are attacking a village, they fight the garrison. If the first army wins, it captures the village, and then the second army arrives and joins the garrison? Or does it fight the first army? "Your own armies never fight each other: they pass freely." So the second army would just join the garrison of the newly captured village. But the first army would have taken losses defending the village from the garrison, and then the second army arrives and reinforces. But wait, if the first army captures the village, the garrison is gone. The second army arrives and finds the village captured, so it just joins the garrison. But the first army suffered losses from the garrison's defense.
Actually, if we send a huge army from Toledo, it might be enough to take Madrid with low losses. Then the Salamanca army can just reinforce it.
Let's check the strength of Toledo's army: 14 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
Attack: 14*1 + 2 + 4 = 20.
Madrid defense: 5. With counter (archer vs spearman), defender gets 1.5x, so 7.5. 20 vs 7.5. We win easily, probably with minimal losses.
Then Salamanca's 6 archers arrive and join the garrison.
But wait, we can only send troops that we have now, plus the ones we build this turn.
The builds we order this turn will be ready in 1 turn (next turn). So they won't be available to send this turn. "ready in 1 turn" means they are built by the end of the turn, so we can send them next turn.
Wait, "spearman: costs 15 wood + 0 iron, ready in 1 turn." This means if we order the build this turn, they are ready to be sent NEXT turn.
So this turn, we can only send the troops currently at home (the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" list).
Let's look at the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" for Toledo:
"AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight (attack power if all sent: 14)"
And Salamanca:
"AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight (attack power if all sent: 4)"
If we send Toledo's 10 troops to Madrid, attack power is 14. Madrid defense is 5. We should win.
If we send Salamanca's 2 archers to Madrid, attack power is 4. Madrid defense is 5. We would lose if we send them alone. But if we send them after Toledo's army has won, they don't need to fight. But they arrive on the same turn? "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
If they arrive on the same turn, which one fights first? Probably the one with higher priority or just randomly. If Salamanca's army fights first, it loses. If Toledo's army fights first, it wins, and then Salamanca's army just joins.
To be safe, we should only send Salamanca's army if we are sure Toledo's army wins first, or we should send Salamanca's army to reinforce Toledo instead of attacking Madrid directly.
Wait, Salamanca is connected to Madrid. Toledo is connected to Madrid.
If we send Salamanca's troops to Toledo [8] (our village), they will march from Salamanca to Toledo. Road: [7] Salamanca -> [4] Badajoz -> [8] Toledo? Or [7] -> [3] -> [6] -> [10]? Let's check the road network.
[7] Salamanca is connected to [3], [4], [6], [12].
[8] Toledo is connected to [4], [11], [12], [13].
So to go from Salamanca to Toledo, we must go through [4] Badajoz. That's 2 segments: [7] -> [4] -> [8]. So it takes 2 turns.
If we send them to Madrid, it's 1 segment: [7] -> [12]. 1 turn.
If we send them to Madrid, they arrive in 1 turn. Toledo's army to Madrid also takes 1 turn ([8] -> [12]).
So they arrive on the same turn. The rule says "each send fights alone, one at a time."
If we send both, one will fight the garrison, the other will either fight the garrison (if the first one hasn't captured it yet? No, simultaneous orders mean they both start marching and arrive at the same time. The game engine probably processes them one by one. The first one processed fights the original garrison. If it wins, it captures the village. The second one processed arrives and sees the village is now ours, so it just joins the garrison. If the first one loses, the second one might also fight, or the village remains enemy).
Since Toledo's army is much stronger (14 vs 5), it will definitely win. So sending Salamanca's 2 archers to Madrid is safe; they will just reinforce the captured Madrid.
But wait, do we want to leave Salamanca empty? Salamanca is a border village. If we leave it with 0 troops, and the enemy attacks it, we might lose it. But the enemy is King B, who has Madrid and Teruel. Madrid is connected to Salamanca. If we capture Madrid, the enemy can attack Salamanca from Madrid. If we leave Salamanca empty, they could capture it easily.
Actually, we should keep some troops in Salamanca for defense. But we only have 2 archers there. If we send them, Salamanca has 0.
Can we build troops in Salamanca this turn? Yes, we can build 4 archers, but they won't be ready until next turn. So this turn, Salamanca will have 0 if we send the 2 archers.
Is it better to send only Toledo's army to Madrid, and keep Salamanca's 2 archers for defense?
If we only send Toledo's army, it has 14 attack vs 5 defense. It should win with few losses. Then Madrid is ours, and Salamanca is safe (has 2 archers).
But if we send Salamanca's archers to Madrid, we get more troops into Madrid, which is good for future defense of Madrid. But Salamanca is now empty.
Let's look at the enemy's possible moves. The enemy has an army marching toward Teruel (arrives in 2 turns). Teruel has a huge garrison (33 defense). The enemy army marching toward Teruel might be reinforcing it or attacking it? "enemy army marching toward [13] Teruel, arrives in 2 turns". Since Teruel is enemy, it's likely a reinforcement or a troop moving to attack someone else from Teruel.
If the enemy attacks Salamanca, they would have to march from Madrid or Teruel. Madrid has only 1 archer and 1 knight (defense 5). If we capture Madrid, the enemy loses that garrison. They might have other troops there.
Let's assume the enemy will try to counter-attack.
To be safe, let's keep Salamanca's 2 archers for now, or send them to Madrid to ensure the capture is solid. Actually, 2 archers have attack 4, which is almost the entire defense of Madrid. If they fight, they will do significant damage to the garrison, making Toledo's job easier. But if they fight first, they might lose. If Toledo fights first, Toledo wins, and Salamanca's archers just join.
Since the order of processing is not specified, it's risky to send a weak army that might fight first and lose, wasting the troops. It's better to send a strong army from one place, and keep the other place's troops for defense or send them to a different target.
Wait, we can send Salamanca's 2 archers to Toledo [8] to reinforce it? But it takes 2 turns. They would arrive next turn or the turn after. Not very useful for the immediate attack on Madrid.
What if we send Salamanca's 2 archers to Cordoba [11] (neutral)? Salamanca is not connected to Cordoba. Salamanca is connected to Madrid, Badajoz, Coimbra, Porto. Toledo is connected to Cordoba.
So we can't attack Cordoba from Salamanca.
We can attack Cordoba from Toledo [8] or Sevilha [9].
Toledo has 10 troops. If we send them to Cordoba [11] instead of Madrid [12].
Cordoba has 5 spearmen, defense 13.
Toledo's troops: 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Attack = 14. Defense = 13. Counter: Cordoba has 5 spearmen (most numerous: spearman). Toledo has 8 spearman (most numerous: spearman). No counter bonus for either. 14 vs 13. We win, but with losses. We would capture Cordoba, which is a neutral village. That gives us 12 villages. But Madrid is an enemy village, and capturing it gives us 12 villages too, and it's closer to the enemy capital.
Also, Madrid is very weak (defense 5). It's a much easier target than Cordoba (defense 13).
So attacking Madrid is the best move this turn.

Let's plan the movements:
Send all available troops from Toledo [8] to Madrid [12].
Toledo available: 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
Send all from Toledo to Madrid.
Should we send any from Salamanca? Salamanca has 2 archer. If we send them to Madrid, they might fight and lose, or just reinforce. Let's not send them, to keep Salamanca defended. Salamanca's defense is 5. If we leave 2 archers, defense is 5. If we leave 0, defense is 0. Better to keep them.
Wait, what about other villages?
Can we send troops from Badajoz [4] to Madrid [12]?
Badajoz is connected to [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. Not directly to Madrid. To get to Madrid, they must go through Salamanca [7] or Toledo [8].
If we send Badajoz troops to Salamanca, they can reinforce Salamanca. Then from Salamanca they can go to Madrid next turn.
Badajoz available: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight.
If we send them to Salamanca [7], they will march: Badajoz -> Salamanca. Road: [4] -> [7]. 1 turn.
They will arrive next turn and join Salamanca's garrison. This is a good way to reinforce the border.
Let's send Badajoz's troops to Salamanca [7].
Wait, Badajoz is interior, Salamanca is border. Reinforcing Salamanca is good.
What about Porto [6]? Connected to [3], [7], [10]. Can send to Salamanca [7] via [3]? [6] -> [3] -> [7] (2 turns). Or [6] -> [7] directly? Road network says: [6] Porto: [3], [7], [10]. Yes, [6] is directly connected to [7] Salamanca!
So Porto to Salamanca is 1 turn.
Porto available: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight.
We can send them to Salamanca to reinforce it.
What about Vigo [10]? Connected to [6], [14]. To get to Salamanca, [10] -> [6] -> [7] (2 turns).
What about Coimbra [3]? Connected to [1], [6], [7]. [3] -> [7] is 1 turn.
Coimbra available: 2 spearman, 3 archer.
We can send them to Salamanca.
What about Lisboa [0]? Connected to [1], [2]. To get to Salamanca, [0] -> [1] -> [3] -> [7] (3 turns) or [0] -> [1] -> [4] -> [7] (3 turns). Too slow.
Santarem [1]? [1] -> [3] -> [7] (2 turns) or [1] -> [4] -> [7] (2 turns).
Evora [2]? [2] -> [5] -> [9] -> ... too far.
Faro [5]? [5] -> [4] -> [7] (2 turns).
Sevilha [9]? [9] -> [4] -> [7] (2 turns) or [9] -> [11] -> [8] (2 turns).

So the closest reinforcements for the Salamanca/Toledo front are:
From Badajoz [4] to Salamanca [7] (1 turn).
From Porto [6] to Salamanca [7] (1 turn).
From Coimbra [3] to Salamanca [7] (1 turn).
From Toledo [8] to Madrid [12] (1 turn).
From Salamanca [7] to Madrid [12] (1 turn) - but we decided to keep them.
What about Sevilha [9] to Toledo [8]? [9] -> [11] -> [8] (2 turns) or [9] -> [4] -> [8] (2 turns).
What about Faro [5] to Badajoz [4]? [5] -> [4] (1 turn). Then Badajoz can send to Salamanca next turn.

Let's decide on the main attack:
Send Toledo's army to Madrid.
Send Badajoz's army to Salamanca.
Send Porto's army to Salamanca.
Send Coimbra's army to Salamanca.
This concentrates our forces on the northern border (Salamanca/Madrid).
Let's check the troop counts:
Toledo to Madrid: 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
Badajoz to Salamanca: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight.
Porto to Salamanca: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight.
Coimbra to Salamanca: 2 spearman, 3 archer.
Total sent to Salamanca: 10 spearman, 9 archer, 2 knight.
Salamanca already has 2 archer. So after arrival, Salamanca will have 10 spearman, 11 archer, 2 knight. That's a very strong garrison!
And Toledo's army will capture Madrid. Then Madrid will have the remnants of Toledo's army (maybe 6-8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight).
Then next turn, we can push from Salamanca and Madrid into enemy territory (Zaragoza, Burgos, etc.).

Let's double check the march times and rules.
"An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination."
If we send Badajoz to Salamanca, Salamanca is ours, so they don't stop, they just arrive and join.
If we send Toledo to Madrid, Madrid is enemy, so they fight there. They stop at Madrid.
If we send Porto to Salamanca, Salamanca is ours, they arrive.
If we send Coimbra to Salamanca, Salamanca is ours, they arrive.

Are there any enemy armies on the road?
"ENEMY (only what your watchmen can see):
- enemy army marching toward [13] Teruel, arrives in 2 turns"
This army is going to Teruel, which is connected to [8], [16], [17], [18]. It is not on the roads to Salamanca or Madrid (unless it passes through Toledo, but it's going to Teruel, so it's probably on the road from somewhere else to Teruel, e.g., from Zaragoza or Valencia). So our roads to Salamanca and Madrid should be clear.

Let's check the builds we can do this turn.
We want to build more troops to keep the momentum.
We have 11 villages. Let's list the builds:
[0] Lisboa: 3 archer, 1 knight (cost 90 wood, 60 iron). Available: wood 90, iron 140. OK.
[1] Santarem: 3 archer, 2 spearman (cost 90 wood, 30 iron). Available: wood 90, iron 160. OK.
[2] Evora: 6 spearman (cost 90 wood). Available: wood 90, iron 160. OK.
[3] Coimbra: 6 spearman (cost 90 wood). Available: wood 90, iron 130. OK. (But we are sending all Coimbra's troops, so we rebuild them).
[4] Badajoz: 6 spearman (cost 90 wood). Available: wood 90, iron 110. OK. (Sending all, rebuild).
[5] Faro: 6 spearman (cost 90 wood). Available: wood 90, iron 130. OK.
[6] Porto: 6 spearman (cost 90 wood). Available: wood 90, iron 110. OK. (Sending all, rebuild).
[7] Salamanca: 4 archer (cost 80 wood, 40 iron). Available: wood 110, iron 80. OK. (Keeping 2 archer, building 4 more -> 6 archer total next turn).
[8] Toledo: 6 spearman (cost 90 wood). Available: wood 100, iron 70. OK. (Sending all, rebuild).
[10] Vigo: 6 spearman (cost 90 wood). Available: wood 100, iron 70. OK.
[9] Sevilha: 6 spearman (cost 90 wood). Available: wood 100, iron 70. OK.

Let's calculate the total wood and iron spent:
Wood:
Lisboa: 90
Santarem: 90
Evora: 90
Coimbra: 90
Badajoz: 90
Faro: 90
Porto: 90
Salamanca: 80
Toledo: 90
Vigo: 90
Sevilha: 90
Total wood: 90*10 + 80 = 980. We have 1090 wood total. So we have enough.
Iron:
Lisboa: 60
Santarem: 30
Evora: 0
Coimbra: 0
Badajoz: 0
Faro: 0
Porto: 0
Salamanca: 40
Toledo: 0
Vigo: 0
Sevilha: 0
Total iron: 130. We have 1340 iron total. So we have plenty of iron.
We can even build more knights or archers in some villages.
For example, in Vigo, Sevilha, Faro, we have 70-130 iron. We can build archers instead of some spearmen.
But spearmen are cheaper in wood (15 vs 20) and cost 0 iron. Since wood is the limiting factor (we produce 30 per village, 330 total per turn, and we spend ~90 per village, which is 3 turns of production for that village. But each village has a stockpile).
Let's look at the stockpiles:
Lisboa: 90 wood, 140 iron. Build 3 archer (60 wood, 30 iron) and 2 spearman (30 wood) -> 90 wood, 30 iron. This uses all wood and some iron.
Santarem: 90 wood, 160 iron. Build 4 archer (80 wood, 40 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood) -> 95 wood (we only have 90). So 3 archer (60 wood, 30 iron) and 2 spearman (30 wood) -> 90 wood, 30 iron.
Evora: 90 wood, 160 iron. Build 6 spearman (90 wood).
Coimbra: 90 wood, 130 iron. Build 6 spearman (90 wood).
Badajoz: 90 wood, 110 iron. Build 6 spearman (90 wood).
Faro: 90 wood, 130 iron. Build 6 spearman (90 wood).
Porto: 90 wood, 110 iron. Build 6 spearman (90 wood).
Salamanca: 110 wood, 80 iron. Build 5 archer (100 wood, 50 iron) -> leaves 10 wood, 30 iron. Or 4 archer (80 wood, 40 iron) and 2 spearman (30 wood) -> 110 wood, 40 iron. Let's do 4 archer and 2 spearman.
Toledo: 100 wood, 70 iron. Build 6 spearman (90 wood) -> leaves 10 wood, 70 iron. Or 5 spearman (75 wood) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 95 wood, 10 iron. Let's do 6 spearman.
Vigo: 100 wood, 70 iron. Build 6 spearman (90 wood).
Sevilha: 100 wood, 70 iron. Build 6 spearman (90 wood).

Let's refine the builds to be simple and effective.
We want to maximize the number of archers and knights because they have higher attack, but spearmen are cheaper and we need numbers.
Actually, let's just build the maximum possible of the cheapest unit that uses the resources we have.
For villages with high iron (Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, Coimbra, Faro), we can build archers.
Let's do:
[0] Lisboa: 4 archer (80 wood, 40 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood) -> 95 wood (we have 90, so 3 archer and 2 spearman -> 60+30=90 wood, 30 iron).
[1] Santarem: 3 archer, 2 spearman (90 wood, 30 iron).
[2] Evora: 6 spearman (90 wood).
[3] Coimbra: 6 spearman (90 wood).
[4] Badajoz: 6 spearman (90 wood).
[5] Faro: 6 spearman (90 wood).
[6] Porto: 6 spearman (90 wood).
[7] Salamanca: 4 archer, 2 spearman (80+30=110 wood, 40 iron).
[8] Toledo: 6 spearman (90 wood).
[10] Vigo: 6 spearman (90 wood).
[9] Sevilha: 6 spearman (90 wood).

This is a solid build plan.

Let's review the movements:
1. Toledo [8] to Madrid [12]: 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
2. Badajoz [4] to Salamanca [7]: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight.
3. Porto [6] to Salamanca [7]: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight.
4. Coimbra [3] to Salamanca [7]: 2 spearman, 3 archer.

Wait, Coimbra has 2 spearman, 3 archer. If we send them all, Coimbra is empty. We are building 6 spearman there, so next turn it will have 6 spearman.
Badajoz has 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. We send all, build 6 spearman.
Porto has 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. We send all, build 6 spearman.
Toledo has 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. We send all, build 6 spearman.
Salamanca has 2 archer. We keep them, build 4 archer, 2 spearman. So next turn Salamanca will have 2 (existing) + 4 (archer) + 2 (spearman) + reinforcements from Badajoz, Porto, Coimbra.
Let's calculate the arrival of reinforcements:
Badajoz to Salamanca: 1 turn. Arrives next turn.
Porto to Salamanca: 1 turn. Arrives next turn.
Coimbra to Salamanca: 1 turn. Arrives next turn.
So next turn, Salamanca will have:
Existing: 2 archer.
Builds: 4 archer, 2 spearman.
Reinforcements: Badajoz (4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight) + Porto (4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight) + Coimbra (2 spearman, 3 archer).
Total in Salamanca next turn:
Spearman: 2 (build) + 4 + 4 + 2 = 12.
Archer: 2 (existing) + 4 (build) + 3 + 3 + 3 = 15.
Knight: 1 + 1 = 2.
Total: 29 troops! That's a massive army.
And Toledo's army will be in Madrid. Let's estimate losses in Madrid.
Toledo attacks with 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Attack = 8 + 2 + 4 = 14.
Madrid defense = 5. Counter: Madrid has 1 archer, 1 knight (tie -> archer). Toledo has 8 spearman (most numerous). Spearman is countered by archer. So defender gets 1.5x defense? Or attacker gets 0.5x attack?
"The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup... Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
If defender has the counter, defender's force is multiplied by 1.5. So defense = 5 * 1.5 = 7.5.
Attack = 14. 14 vs 7.5. We win.
Losses: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
Attrition is usually proportional to the loser's force. Loser's effective force is 7.5. Winner's is 14. Winner takes losses equal to some fraction of loser's force, maybe 50% or based on the ratio. Let's assume we lose some troops, maybe 3-4 spearman.
So Madrid will have ~5 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
Then next turn, we can march from Salamanca and Madrid to attack Zaragoza [17] or Burgos [14] or advance further.

What about the enemy capital Barcelona [22]? It's unexplored. We need to find it and eliminate it, or hold 18 villages.
Currently we hold 11. If we take Madrid, we hold 12. If we take Cordoba, we hold 12. If we take Burgos, we hold 12.
We need 18. That's 6 more villages.
The unexplored villages are: [15] Murcia, [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona, [23] Girona. That's 9 villages. Plus Madrid, Cordoba, Burgos (3 neutral/enemy). Total 24.
If we take Madrid, Cordoba, Burgos, we have 14. We need 4 more from the unexplored ones. The enemy probably holds some of them. King B holds Madrid, Teruel, and probably others.
We need to expand quickly.

Let's check if there are any other movements we should make.
What about Faro [5]? It has 6 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight. We can send them to Badajoz [4] to reinforce the center.
Faro to Badajoz: [5] -> [4] is 1 turn.
If we send Faro's troops to Badajoz, they will arrive next turn. Then Badajoz can send them to Salamanca the turn after, or use them to attack Toledo or Cordoba.
But we already have a lot of troops going to Salamanca. Maybe we should send Faro to Sevilha [9] or keep them in the south?
Actually, the south is relatively safe (interior). We should focus all resources on the northern front.
Let's send Faro [5] to Badajoz [4] (1 turn), then they can move to Salamanca next turn.
Wait, if we send Faro to Badajoz, and Badajoz's troops are already going to Salamanca, then Badajoz will be empty when Faro's troops arrive. That's fine, they will just join Badajoz's garrison (which is empty, so they become the new garrison). Then next turn we can send them to Salamanca.
But it's simpler to just send Faro's troops directly to Salamanca? Faro is connected to [2], [4], [9]. Not directly to Salamanca. So they must go through Badajoz [4]. So sending them to Badajoz is the first step.
What about Sevilha [9]? Connected to [4], [5], [11]. To get to Salamanca, [9] -> [4] -> [7] (2 turns). We can send Sevilha's troops to Badajoz [4] (1 turn), then to Salamanca.
Let's send Sevilha [9] to Badajoz [4] as well.
What about Lisboa [0] and Santarem [1] and Evora [2]?
Lisboa to Santarem (1 turn), then Santarem to Badajoz or Coimbra.
This is getting complicated. Let's keep it simple: send the immediate neighbors of the front to the front.
Immediate neighbors of Salamanca/Toledo:
Badajoz [4] -> Salamanca [7] (1 turn).
Porto [6] -> Salamanca [7] (1 turn).
Coimbra [3] -> Salamanca [7] (1 turn).
Toledo [8] -> Madrid [12] (1 turn).
Faro [5] -> Badajoz [4] (1 turn).
Sevilha [9] -> Badajoz [4] (1 turn).
Vigo [10] -> Porto [6] (1 turn) -> Salamanca (2 turns). Too slow for now.
Let's just do the 1-turn moves:
- Toledo [8] to Madrid [12]
- Badajoz [4] to Salamanca [7]
- Porto [6] to Salamanca [7]
- Coimbra [3] to Salamanca [7]
- Faro [5] to Badajoz [4]
- Sevilha [9] to Badajoz [4]

Wait, if we send Faro to Badajoz, and Sevilha to Badajoz, Badajoz will receive them. But we are also sending Badajoz's own troops to Salamanca. So Badajoz will be empty, then receive Faro and Sevilha. That's fine.
Let's check the troop counts for these moves:
Faro [5] available: 6 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight.
Sevilha [9] available: 4 spearman, 4 archer.
We can send them to Badajoz.
But wait, if we send them to Badajoz, they will arrive next turn. Badajoz is our village, so they just join the garrison.
Is there any risk of overloading the order list? No, we can have multiple movements.

Let's write down the exact JSON.

Builds:
[0] Lisboa: 3 archer, 2 spearman (or just 3 archer, 1 spearman? Let's do 3 archer, 1 spearman to save wood for next turn? No, we have 90 wood, we should spend it. 3 archer = 60 wood, 2 spearman = 30 wood. Total 90 wood. 3 archer, 2 spearman).
Wait, Lisboa has 140 iron. 3 archer costs 30 iron. We can afford more archers. But wood is 90. 4 archer = 80 wood, 40 iron. 1 spearman = 15 wood -> 95 wood (too much). So 3 archer, 2 spearman is max wood usage (90 wood).
Let's do:
{"villageId": 0, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3}
{"villageId": 0, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
Actually, we can do 1 knight and 2 archer? 1 knight = 30 wood, 30 iron. 2 archer = 40 wood, 20 iron. Total 70 wood, 50 iron. Leaves 20 wood. We can build 1 spearman (15 wood) -> 85 wood. Not using all wood.
Let's stick to 3 archer, 2 spearman.

[1] Santarem: 3 archer, 2 spearman (90 wood, 30 iron).
[2] Evora: 6 spearman (90 wood).
[3] Coimbra: 6 spearman (90 wood).
[4] Badajoz: 6 spearman (90 wood).
[5] Faro: 6 spearman (90 wood).
[6] Porto: 6 spearman (90 wood).
[7] Salamanca: 4 archer, 2 spearman (110 wood, 40 iron).
[8] Toledo: 6 spearman (90 wood).
[10] Vigo: 6 spearman (90 wood).
[9] Sevilha: 6 spearman (90 wood).

Let's check if we have enough wood in each village:
[0] Lisboa: 90 wood. 3 archer (60) + 2 spearman (30) = 90. OK.
[1] Santarem: 90 wood. 3 archer (60) + 2 spearman (30) = 90. OK.
[2] Evora: 90 wood. 6 spearman (90). OK.
[3] Coimbra: 90 wood. 6 spearman (90). OK.
[4] Badajoz: 90 wood. 6 spearman (90). OK.
[5] Faro: 90 wood. 6 spearman (90). OK.
[6] Porto: 90 wood. 6 spearman (90). OK.
[7] Salamanca: 110 wood. 4 archer (80) + 2 spearman (30) = 110. OK.
[8] Toledo: 100 wood. 6 spearman (90). OK. (Leaves 10 wood).
[10] Vigo: 100 wood. 6 spearman (90). OK.
[9] Sevilha: 100 wood. 6 spearman (90). OK.

Iron usage:
[0] Lisboa: 3 archer -> 30 iron. Have 140. OK.
[1] Santarem: 3 archer -> 30 iron. Have 160. OK.
[7] Salamanca: 4 archer -> 40 iron. Have 80. OK.
Others: 0 iron. OK.

This build plan is valid and uses almost all available wood.

Movements:
1. Toledo [8] to Madrid [12]:
Troops: 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
2. Badajoz [4] to Salamanca [7]:
Troops: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight.
3. Porto [6] to Salamanca [7]:
Troops: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight.
4. Coimbra [3] to Salamanca [7]:
Troops: 2 spearman, 3 archer.
5. Faro [5] to Badajoz [4]:
Troops: 6 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight.
6. Sevilha [9] to Badajoz [4]:
Troops: 4 spearman, 4 archer.

Let's double check the troop counts available to send:
Toledo: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight". Matches.
Badajoz: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight". Matches.
Porto: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight". Matches.
Coimbra: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 2 spearman, 3 archer". Matches.
Faro: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 6 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight". Matches.
Sevilha: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 4 spearman, 4 archer". Matches.

Are there any other villages we should send?
What about Vigo [10]? It has 7 spearman, 2 archer. It's connected to [6] Porto and [14] Burgos.
Burgos is neutral (5 spearmen, defense 13). We could attack Burgos from Vigo!
Vigo to Burgos: [10] -> [14] is 1 turn.
If we send Vigo's troops to Burgos, we can capture a neutral village.
Vigo troops: 7 spearman, 2 archer. Attack = 7 + 4 = 11.
Burgos defense = 13 (5 spearmen). Counter: both have spearman. No counter. 11 vs 13. We lose!
So we shouldn't attack Burgos with just Vigo's troops. We would need reinforcements.
But if we send Vigo's troops to Porto [6], they can reinforce the northern front. Vigo to Porto is 1 turn. Then Porto to Salamanca is 1 turn. Total 2 turns.
Or we can keep Vigo's troops in Vigo for now, and build more there. We are building 6 spearman in Vigo, so next turn it will have 13 spearman, 2 archer. Attack = 15. Still not enough for Burgos (defense 13, but it will have more troops by then: "Neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type." It was 10 five turns ago, now 13. Next 5 turns it will gain more. But we can attack it later with reinforcements from Salamanca/Porto).
So let's keep Vigo's troops in Vigo for now, or send them to Porto to start moving north.
Actually, sending them to Porto is good because Porto is closer to the front. But Porto is sending its own troops to Salamanca. If we send Vigo to Porto, they arrive next turn, and then we can send them to Salamanca the turn after.
Let's send Vigo [10] to Porto [6].
Vigo available: 7 spearman, 2 archer.
Porto will have its own builds (6 spearman) plus Vigo's reinforcements next turn.
This seems like a good plan.

Let's review the overall strategy:
Turn 13:
- Attack Madrid with Toledo's army.
- Reinforce Salamanca with Badajoz, Porto, Coimbra.
- Move Faro and Sevilha to Badajoz to prepare for the next wave.
- Move Vigo to Porto to prepare for the next wave.
- Build troops in all villages.

This concentrates our forces on the Madrid/Salamanca front, aiming to capture Madrid (enemy) and secure the border.
Next turn (Turn 14):
- Madrid will be captured (hopefully). We will have troops there.
- Salamanca will be heavily reinforced.
- We can then plan the next attack: either Burgos [14] (from Salamanca/Madrid) or Zaragoza [17] (from Madrid).
- We will also have Faro and Sevilha troops arriving in Badajoz, ready to move to the front.
- Vigo troops will arrive in Porto, ready to move to Salamanca.

This is a solid, aggressive expansion plan.

Let's write the "plan" and "statement" texts.

"plan":
"This turn, we launch our main attack on Madrid [12] using Toledo's full army. We reinforce Salamanca [7] with troops from Badajoz, Porto, and Coimbra to secure the border and prepare for the next push into enemy territory. We also start moving southern reserves (Faro, Sevilha, Vigo) toward the northern front to sustain the offensive. We must capture Madrid and hold the line. Next turn, we will assess the situation in Madrid and plan the advance toward Zaragoza or Burgos."

"statement":
"King A orders the armies to strike! Toledo's finest march on Madrid, while Badajoz, Porto, Coimbra, and others rush to reinforce Salamanca. The trap is set. We will crush King B's forces and reclaim our lands. The south gathers its strength to feed the northern blade. To war!"

Let's check the JSON format.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 6},
    {"villageId": 3, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 6},
    {"villageId": 4, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 6},
    {"villageId": 5, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 6},
    {"villageId": 6, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 6},
    {"villageId": 7, "type": "archer", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 7, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 8, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 6},
    {"villageId": 10, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 6},
    {"villageId": 9, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 6}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 8, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 8, "archer": 1, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 4, "toId": 7, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 3, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 6, "toId": 7, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 3, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 3, "toId": 7, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 3}},
    {"fromId": 5, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 6, "archer": 3, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 9, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 4}},
    {"fromId": 10, "toId": 6, "troops": {"spearman": 7, "archer": 2}}
  ],
  "plan": "This turn, we launch our main attack on Madrid [12] using Toledo's full army. We reinforce Salamanca [7] with troops from Badajoz, Porto, and Coimbra to secure the border and prepare for the next push into enemy territory. We also start moving southern reserves (Faro, Sevilha, Vigo) toward the northern front to sustain the offensive. We must capture Madrid and hold the line. Next turn, we will assess the situation in Madrid and plan the advance toward Zaragoza or Burgos.",
  "statement": "King A orders the armies to strike! Toledo's finest march on Madrid, while Badajoz, Porto, Coimbra, and others rush to reinforce Salamanca. The trap is set. We will crush King B's forces and reclaim our lands. The south gathers its strength to feed the northern blade. To war!"
}

Let's double check if there are any constraints I missed.
"Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."
Yes, I checked wood and iron for each village.
"Use only ids that appear in the report above."
Yes, ids 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14. I used 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 for builds and movements.
"Do not send troops a village does not have."
Yes, I checked the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" lists.
"Empty lists are valid orders." - I have non-empty lists, which is fine.
"Reply with ONE valid JSON object and nothing else - no text before or after it."
Yes, I will output only the JSON.

Let's do a quick sanity check on the combat against Madrid.
Toledo sends: 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
Madrid garrison: 1 archer, 1 knight. Effective defense: 5.
Attack value: 8*1 (spearman) + 1*2 (archer) + 1*4 (knight) = 14.
Defense value: 5.
Counter: Madrid's most numerous type is archer/knight tie -> archer. Toledo's most numerous is spearman. Spearman is countered by archer. So defender has the counter. Defender's force is multiplied by 1.5. Effective defense becomes 5 * 1.5 = 7.5.
Attack 14 vs Defense 7.5. Attackers win.
Losses: attacker takes losses equal to attrition against defender's effective force. Usually, losses are a fraction of the defender's force, e.g., defender's force / 2, or something like that. Even if we lose 4 troops, we still capture Madrid with ~6 troops left. This is a victory.

What about the reinforcements to Salamanca?
Badajoz sends 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight.
Porto sends 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight.
Coimbra sends 2 spearman, 3 archer.
Total: 10 spearman, 9 archer, 2 knight.
Salamanca already has 2 archer.
Total in Salamanca after arrival: 10 spearman, 11 archer, 2 knight. Very strong.

What about Faro and Sevilha to Badajoz?
Faro sends 6 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight.
Sevilha sends 4 spearman, 4 archer.
Total in Badajoz after arrival: 10 spearman, 7 archer, 2 knight. Badajoz becomes a major staging area.

What about Vigo to Porto?
Vigo sends 7 spearman, 2 archer.
Porto already sent its troops, but it will have its builds (6 spearman) next turn. With Vigo's reinforcements, Porto will have 13 spearman, 2 archer next turn. Then they can march to Salamanca.

This is a very cohesive plan. I am ready to output the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":8,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":8,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":4,"destinoId":7,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":6,"destinoId":7,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":3,"destinoId":7,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":3}},{"origemId":5,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"lanceiro":6,"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":9,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":4}},{"origemId":10,"destinoId":6,"tropas":{"lanceiro":7,"arqueiro":2}}]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [7]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [7]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [7]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [8]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [8]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [8]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [8]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [8]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [8]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [10]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [10]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [10]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [10]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [10]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [10]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO envio [8]->[12]: 8S+1A+1K
ACEITO envio [4]->[7]: 4S+3A+1K
ACEITO envio [6]->[7]: 4S+3A+1K
ACEITO envio [3]->[7]: 2S+3A
ACEITO envio [5]->[4]: 6S+3A+2K
ACEITO envio [9]->[4]: 4S+4A
ACEITO envio [10]->[6]: 7S+2A
plano (volta no proximo prompt): This turn, we launch our main attack on Madrid [12] using Toledo's full army. We reinforce Salamanca [7] with troops from Badajoz, Porto, and Coimbra to secure the border and prepare for the next push into enemy territory. We also start moving southern reserves (Faro, Sevilha, Vigo) toward the northern front to sustain the offensive. We must capture Madrid and hold the line. Next turn, we will assess the situation in Madrid and plan the advance toward Zaragoza or Burgos.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): King A orders the armies to strike! Toledo's finest march on Madrid, while Badajoz, Porto, Coimbra, and others rush to reinforce Salamanca. The trap is set. We will crush King B's forces and reclaim our lands. The south gathers its strength to feed the northern blade. To war!
########## TURNO 13 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4509 | resposta 14678 | raciocinio 11515 | finish stop | ms 182923
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 16, \"toId\": 15, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 6, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 12, \"toId\": 7, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 17, \"toId\": 19, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 4}},\n    {\"fromId\": 20, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 8, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 22, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 21, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 23, \"toId\": 20, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 18, \"toId\": 16, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 2}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Attack Murcia (Valencia) and Salamanca (Madrid) this turn. Send follow-up knights to Pamplona to secure it after the 9 spearmen. Reinforce Zaragoza from Huesca/Tarragona/Girona, and send Barcelona to Teruel for the Toledo assault. Castellon reinforces Valencia. All villages build spearmen. Next: capture Pamplona, Burgos, then Toledo; expand to reach 18 villages.\",\n  \"statement\": \"This turn we launch a coordinated assault: Valencia takes Murcia, Madrid takes Salamanca, and we send follow-up forces to Pamplona. Reinforcements flow from the rear to the front: Huesca, Tarragona, and Girona reinforce Zaragoza; Barcelona sends troops to Teruel; Castellon reinforces Valencia. All villages produce spearmen to grow our army. The campaign is expanding on all fronts.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The current situation:
- I hold 9 of 24 villages, need 18 for 2 consecutive turns to win, or eliminate all enemy villages.
- My capital is Barcelona, but losing it doesn't matter.
- Enemy capital is Lisboa, but taking it isn't required.
- I have 59 soldiers at home + 11 marching.
- Enemy villages: Salamanca (2 archers), Toledo (8 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight), Lisboa (unknown).
- Neutral villages: Murcia (5 knights), Burgos (5 spearmen), Pamplona (5 knights), plus unexplored ones.

Current turn 13, I need to plan my moves.

Let me analyze resources and troops:

My villages:
- Barcelona: wood 30, iron 80. Troops: 5 (4 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight). Available: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. Marching out: 2 spearmen.
- Tarragona: wood 30, iron 70. Troops: 4 (2 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight). Available: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight.
- Girona: wood 30, iron 70. Troops: 4 (2 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight). Available: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight.
- Castellon: wood 30, iron 80. Troops: 4 (2 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight). Available: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight.
- Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 20. Troops: 10 (5 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knight). Available: 5 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knight. Marching out: 9 spearmen.
- Huesca: wood 30, iron 70. Troops: 9 (8 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight). Available: 8 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight.
- Valencia: wood 30, iron 40. Troops: 8 (6 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight). Available: 6 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight.
- Teruel: wood 30, iron 60. Troops: 13 (8 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight). Available: 8 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight.
- Madrid: wood 0, iron 0. Troops: 2 (0 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight). Available: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.

Wait, Madrid has wood 0 and iron 0? It says wood 0 (+30/turn), iron 0 (+20/turn). That means it currently has 0 resources but produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn. So next turn it will have resources.

Marching troops:
- 9 spearmen from Zaragoza to Pamplona, arriving in 1 turn.
- 2 spearmen from Barcelona to Teruel, arriving in 2 turns.

Neutral villages:
- Murcia: 5 knights, defense 13. March from Valencia: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn.
- Pamplona: 5 knights, defense 13. March from Zaragoza: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn.
- Burgos: 5 spearmen, defense 13. March from Madrid: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn.

Enemy:
- Salamanca: 2 archers, defense 5. March from Madrid: 1 turn.
- Toledo: 8 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight, defense 25. March from Teruel: 1 turn.

I need to capture 9 more villages to reach 18. There are 15 remaining (5 seen + 10 unexplored). I need to eliminate enemy villages or capture neutrals.

Enemy villages: Salamanca, Toledo, Lisboa (capital). If I take all enemy villages, I win by elimination. But Lisboa is unexplored and the capital.

Let me think about strategy:

Option 1: Attack neutral villages to grow, then attack enemy.
Option 2: Attack enemy villages directly.

Pamplona is being attacked by 9 spearmen from Zaragoza, arriving in 1 turn. Pamplona has 5 knights. Spears vs knights: spearman counters knight, so my 9 spearmen get 1.5x multiplier. Effective force: 9 * 1.5 = 13.5. Defense: 13. So I should win, but at what cost? Loser is destroyed entirely. Winner loses troops worth half of loser's effective force. The loser's effective force: 5 knights * defense... wait, in combat, attacker counts attack, defender counts defense. 

For attack on Pamplona: my 9 spearmen attack = 9. Counter bonus: spearman counters knight, so 1.5x multiplier on whole army = 13.5 effective attack. Defender: 5 knights, defense 2 each, but in village defense counts x1.25. So effective defense = 5 * 2 * 1.25 = 12.5. Wait, the report says effective defense 13 for Pamplona. Let me use that: 13.

So my effective attack 13.5 vs defense 13. I win narrowly. Loser (Pamplona) is destroyed entirely. Winner loses troops worth half of loser's effective force. Loser's effective force: 5 knights, defense 2 each, with location bonus x1.25 = 12.5. Half is 6.25. So I lose troops worth about 6.25. Since I have 9 spearmen (each worth 1 attack), I'd lose about 6-7 spearmen? Actually the rule says: "The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself."

So I lose half of 12.5 = 6.25 worth of troops. My 9 spearmen have total attack 9. I'd lose about 6-7 spearmen, leaving 2-3. That's a bad trade.

Hmm, maybe I should reinforce Zaragoza first before Pamplona arrives? But the order is simultaneous. The 9 spearmen are already marching and will arrive next turn regardless.

Wait, I need to reconsider. The 9 spearmen from Zaragoza to Pamplona arrive in 1 turn. That means on turn 14 they will fight. I can't change that order now.

Let me think about what to do this turn (turn 13 orders).

My goals:
1. Build troops to grow army.
2. Send reinforcements to fronts.
3. Attack easy targets.

Easy targets:
- Salamanca: 2 archers, defense 5. From Madrid, 1 turn. Madrid has 1 archer + 1 knight = attack 2 + 4 = 6. But wait, knight vs archer: knight counters archer, so multiplier 1.5. Effective attack: (2+4)*1.5 = 9. Defense: 2 archers * 2 defense * 1.25 = 5. So 9 vs 5, easy win. Loser's effective force: 5. Half = 2.5. I lose about 2-3 troops. But I'd capture Salamanca.
- Burgos: 5 spearmen, defense 13. From Madrid: 1 turn. Madrid has 1 archer + 1 knight. Archer vs spearman: archer counters spearman, so multiplier 1.5. Effective attack: (2+4)*1.5 = 9. Defense: 13. I lose.
- Murcia: 5 knights, defense 13. From Valencia: 1 turn. Valencia has 6 spearman + 2 knight. Spearman counters knight, so multiplier 1.5. Effective attack: (6*1 + 2*4)*1.5 = (6+8)*1.5 = 21. Defense 13. Easy win. Loser's effective force: 5 knights * 2 * 1.25 = 12.5. Half = 6.25. I lose about 6 troops. But I'd capture Murcia and gain a village.

Wait, I need to check: the most numerous type sets the counter. If I send 6 spearman + 2 knight from Valencia, spearman is most numerous, so spearman vs knight = counter, 1.5x. Good.

But if I send only knights, then knight vs knight = no counter.

Let me think about what to build and send.

Resources:
- Barcelona: 30 wood, 80 iron. Can build: spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) - up to 2 (30 wood). Or archer (20 wood, 10 iron) - up to 1 (20 wood, 10 iron). Or knight (30 wood, 30 iron) - up to 1 (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Tarragona: 30 wood, 70 iron. Can build: 1 knight (30/30), or 1 archer (20/10), or 2 spearman (30/0).
- Girona: 30 wood, 70 iron. Same.
- Castellon: 30 wood, 80 iron. Same.
- Zaragoza: 30 wood, 20 iron. Can build: 2 spearman (30/0), or 1 archer (20/10). Can't afford knight (30/30).
- Huesca: 30 wood, 70 iron. Can build: 1 knight, 1 archer, or 2 spearman.
- Valencia: 30 wood, 40 iron. Can build: 1 knight (30/30), 1 archer (20/10), or 2 spearman (30/0).
- Teruel: 30 wood, 60 iron. Can build: 1 knight (30/30), 1 archer (20/10), or 2 spearman (30/0).
- Madrid: 0 wood, 0 iron. Can't build anything this turn. Next turn it will have 30 wood, 20 iron.

I should build as much as possible. Let me build spearman at villages that can't afford knights, and knights/archers where I can.

Let me plan attacks:

1. Valencia -> Murcia: send 6 spearman, 2 knight. They'll arrive in 1 turn and fight. Effective attack 21 vs 13. Win. Lose ~6 troops. But I gain Murcia. Net: I lose ~6 troops, gain a village that produces resources.

2. Madrid -> Salamanca: send 1 archer, 1 knight. Effective attack 9 vs 5. Win. Lose ~2.5 troops. Gain Salamanca.

3. Zaragoza -> Pamplona: already marching 9 spearmen. They'll arrive next turn. Effective attack 13.5 vs 13. Win narrowly, lose ~6.25 troops. Gain Pamplona.

4. Teruel -> Toledo: Teruel has 8 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. Toledo defense 25. Let me compute: if I send all, most numerous is spearman (8). Spearman vs spearman: no counter. Effective attack: 8*1 + 2*2 + 3*4 = 8+4+12 = 24. Defense 25. I lose. If I send only knights (3), knight vs spearman: no counter (most numerous in my army is knight, most numerous in enemy is spearman; knight doesn't counter spearman). Attack: 3*4 = 12. Defense 25. Lose. If I send archers + knights: 2 archer + 3 knight, most numerous is knight (3 vs 2). Knight vs spearman: no counter. Attack: 2*2 + 3*4 = 4+12 = 16. Defense 25. Lose. If I send spearman + archer: 8 spearman + 2 archer, most numerous spearman. Spearman vs spearman: no counter. Attack: 8+4 = 12. Lose.

So I can't take Toledo yet. I need to reinforce Teruel first.

5. Madrid -> Burgos: 1 archer + 1 knight vs 5 spearmen defense 13. Archer counters spearman, so 1.5x. Attack: 9. Defense 13. Lose.

So from Madrid, I should attack Salamanca (easy win) rather than Burgos.

What about Huesca -> somewhere? Huesca can reach Zaragoza (1 turn), Pamplona (2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast), or Girona. But Huesca is interior, no enemy border. It can send troops to Zaragoza to reinforce.

Actually, looking at the road network:
- Huesca connects to [17] Zaragoza, [19] Pamplona, [23] Girona.
- From Huesca to Pamplona: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. That means if I send from Huesca now, they'd arrive in 1 fast turn? Wait, the report says march from Huesca to Madrid: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. But to Pamplona? The road network says Huesca [20] connects to [17], [19], [23]. So Huesca to Pamplona [19] is directly connected. The march time would be similar to Huesca->Madrid? Actually the report only gives times to nearest border village. For Huesca, nearest border is Madrid at 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. But Pamplona is also a border (neutral). Let me check: Huesca to Pamplona is directly connected via road. The distance might be 1 fast turn? Actually the report says "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That doesn't tell me about Pamplona. But since Huesca and Pamplona are directly connected, and looking at the map, it's probably similar distance. I'll assume it takes some turns.

Actually, the 9 spearmen from Zaragoza to Pamplona arrive in 1 turn. So the distance from Zaragoza to Pamplona is 1 turn for slow troops. From Huesca to Pamplona, it might be 2 turns for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast? Not sure. But I can send troops from Huesca to Zaragoza to reinforce, which takes 1 turn.

Let me think about what to do this turn:

Build orders:
- Barcelona: build 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron). Or 1 knight (30/30). I have 80 iron, so I can afford knight. But I should build spearman since they're cheaper and I need numbers. Actually, let me build a mix. Barcelona: 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 knight (30/30). I'll build 2 spearman.
- Tarragona: build 2 spearman (30/0) or 1 knight (30/30) or 1 archer (20/10). Let's build 2 spearman.
- Girona: build 2 spearman.
- Castellon: build 2 spearman.
- Zaragoza: build 2 spearman (30/0). Can also build 1 archer (20/10). Let's build 2 spearman + 1 archer? Wood: 30+20=50 > 30. Can't. So either 2 spearman or 1 archer. I'll build 2 spearman.
- Huesca: build 2 spearman (30/0) or 1 knight (30/30) or 1 archer (20/10). Let's build 1 knight + 1 archer? Wood: 30+20=50 > 30. Can't. So 2 spearman, or 1 knight, or 1 archer. I'll build 2 spearman.
- Valencia: build 2 spearman (30/0) or 1 knight (30/30) or 1 archer (20/10). I'll build 2 spearman.
- Teruel: build 2 spearman (30/0) or 1 knight (30/30) or 1 archer (20/10). I'll build 2 spearman.
- Madrid: can't build (0 resources).

Total spearman built: 2+2+2+2+2+2+2 = 14 spearman. That's good for numbers.

But wait, I also need to consider that some villages have troop caps. All are well under 300.

Movement orders:
1. Valencia -> Murcia: send 6 spearman, 2 knight. Wait, Valencia has 6 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight available. Sending all 8. They'll attack Murcia. But Murcia has 5 knights. My spearman counter knights, so effective attack 21 vs 13. I win but lose ~6 troops. That leaves 2 troops to garrison Murcia. That's fine.

Actually, let me recalculate more carefully. The rule: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER." My effective attack: most numerous is spearman (6 vs 2 knight), so spearman vs knight = counter, 1.5x. Total attack = 6*1 + 2*4 = 6+8 = 14. With 1.5x = 21. Defender: 5 knights, defense 2 each, village bonus x1.25 = 5*2*1.25 = 12.5. The report says effective defense 13. So 21 vs 13. I win.

Loser (Murcia) is destroyed entirely. Winner (me) loses troops worth half of loser's effective force. Loser's effective force = 12.5 (or 13 as per report). Half = 6.25. My troops total attack = 14. I lose about 6.25/14 = 45% of my force. Spread over types: I lose about 45% of my spearman (6 -> ~3.3) and 45% of my knights (2 -> ~0.9). So roughly 3 spearman and 1 knight lost. That leaves 3 spearman and 1 knight as garrison. That's acceptable.

But wait, the rule says "The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself." So the amount lost is fixed at half of loser's effective force, regardless of winner's size. So if I send more troops, I lose the same absolute amount but a smaller share. So I should send as many as possible to minimize losses.

But I also need troops elsewhere. Let me think about sending all available from Valencia: 6 spearman, 2 knight. That's 8 troops. After losing ~4, I'd have ~4 left to garrison Murcia.

2. Madrid -> Salamanca: send 1 archer, 1 knight. Attack: most numerous? 1 archer, 1 knight - tie. Ties break in order spearman, archer, knight. So archer is most numerous. Archer vs archer: no counter. Effective attack: 1*2 + 1*4 = 6. Defense: 2 archers, defense 2 each, village bonus x1.25 = 5. Report says 5. So 6 vs 5. I win. Loser's effective force: 5. Half = 2.5. My total attack = 6. I lose about 2.5/6 = 42%. So I lose ~0.4 archers and ~0.4 knights? That means probably 1 troop lost (either archer or knight). I'll have 1 troop left to garrison Salamanca. That's a very cheap win.

3. Zaragoza: 9 spearmen already marching to Pamplona. I can also send more from Zaragoza? Zaragoza has 5 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knight available. But if I send them too, they'd arrive at different times? Actually, "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if I send from Zaragoza now to Pamplona, they'd arrive in some number of turns. The 9 spearmen from Zaragoza arrive in 1 turn. If I send more from Zaragoza now, they'd also take some turns to arrive. If they arrive on the same turn, they fight separately. That might be bad because each send fights alone.

Actually, the 9 spearmen are already marching. They'll arrive next turn and fight Pamplona alone. If I send reinforcements from Zaragoza now, they might arrive later (after Pamplona is already conquered or not). If the 9 spearmen win, they capture Pamplona and the survivors become garrison. Then later reinforcements arrive and join the garrison. That's fine.

But if the 9 spearmen lose, then Pamplona remains neutral and my later send would attack it. But 9 spearmen vs 5 knights should win (13.5 vs 13). It's close but I should win.

Actually, let me double-check the counter rule: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5 (every troop in it, not only the countering type)." So my 9 spearmen vs 5 knights: spearman counters knight, so my whole army gets 1.5x. Attack = 9 * 1.5 = 13.5. Defense = 5 knights * 2 defense * 1.25 village = 12.5. Report says 13. So 13.5 vs 13. I win by 0.5. Very close.

Loser's effective force = 12.5. Half = 6.25. My 9 spearmen have total attack 9. I lose 6.25 worth of spearmen. Since each spearman has attack 1, I lose about 6-7 spearmen. So I'd have 2-3 spearmen left as garrison. That's a very costly win.

Maybe I should send reinforcements from Zaragoza now to ensure a better outcome? But if I send from Zaragoza now, they'd take some turns to arrive. The 9 spearmen arrive in 1 turn. If I send, say, 4 knights from Zaragoza to Pamplona, they'd take some turns (maybe 2 fast turns?). They'd arrive after the first battle. If the first battle wins, the survivors (2-3 spearmen) hold Pamplona, and then the knights arrive as reinforcements. That's fine. If the first battle loses... but it should win.

Alternatively, I could send troops from Huesca to Zaragoza to reinforce Zaragoza's garrison, then Zaragoza can send more to Pamplona later.

Let me think about the bigger picture. I need 9 more villages. The neutrals I can see: Murcia, Pamplona, Burgos. Then there are 10 unexplored villages, some of which are enemy (Lisboa, and maybe others belonging to King A). Actually, the enemy villages I know: Salamanca, Toledo, Lisboa. The unexplored ones: Cordoba, Badajoz, Porto, Vigo, Coimbra, Sevilha, Faro, Santarem, Lisboa, Evora. Some of these might be neutral, some enemy. The road network shows connections.

I think the best strategy is:
- Take Murcia from Valencia (easy, gives me a village).
- Take Salamanca from Madrid (easy, gives me an enemy village).
- Pamplona from Zaragoza (already marching, costly but gives me a village).
- Then expand from there.

But I also need to consider that taking Salamanca might trigger enemy reactions. The enemy might send troops to attack my villages. But I have strong interior villages.

Let me also think about building troops. I should build as many as possible each turn.

Now, for the plan text, I need to write a campaign plan.

Let me decide on orders for this turn:

Build:
- Barcelona: 2 spearman
- Tarragona: 2 spearman
- Girona: 2 spearman
- Castellon: 2 spearman
- Zaragoza: 2 spearman (or 1 archer? Let's do 2 spearman for numbers)
- Huesca: 2 spearman
- Valencia: 2 spearman
- Teruel: 2 spearman

Movements:
- Valencia -> Murcia: 6 spearman, 2 knight (all available)
- Madrid -> Salamanca: 1 archer, 1 knight (all available)
- Zaragoza -> Pamplona: send 5 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knight? Wait, the 9 spearmen are already marching. If I send more from Zaragoza now, they'll take time to arrive. The 9 spearmen arrive in 1 turn. If I send 5 spearman + 4 knight + 1 archer from Zaragoza now, they'd take some turns. But they'd fight separately when they arrive. That might be okay as a second wave.

But actually, I should check: can I send troops from Zaragoza to Pamplona now? The 9 spearmen are already marching from Zaragoza to Pamplona. Can I send another group from the same village to the same target? The rules don't say I can't. "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up" - but same village? It says "each send fights alone, one at a time." So multiple sends from the same village would also fight separately. That's fine.

But do I want to send more from Zaragoza? Zaragoza has 5 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knight available. If I send them to Pamplona, they'd take some turns. The march from Zaragoza to Pamplona is 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns according to the report? Actually the report says "from here to your nearest border village [19] Pamplona (neutral...): march from [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". Wait, looking back: the report says for Zaragoza: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". But Zaragoza also faces Pamplona [19]. The march time to Pamplona is given in the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" section: "[19] Pamplona... march from [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So to Pamplona, it takes 2 slow turns, 1 medium turn, 1 fast turn.

The 9 spearmen (slow) are already marching and arrive in 1 turn. That means they were sent last turn and the distance is 2 slow turns? Wait, if they arrive in 1 turn, that means they have 1 turn left. So the total march time was 2 slow turns, and they've been marching for 1 turn, so 1 turn remains.

If I send new troops from Zaragoza now, they'll take the full march time: 2 slow turns for spearmen, 1 medium for archers, 1 fast for knights. So knights would arrive in 1 turn, archers in 1 turn, spearmen in 2 turns. But wait, the 9 spearmen arrive in 1 turn. So if I send knights now, they'd also arrive in 1 turn (fast). But they'd fight separately from the 9 spearmen. The order of fights: "each send fights alone, one at a time." I'm not sure about the order. Probably the sends are resolved in some order. If the 9 spearmen fight first and win (barely), then the knights arrive and fight the garrison? No, if the 9 spearmen win, they capture Pamplona and the survivors become garrison. Then the knights would arrive and join the garrison (since it's now my village). So that's fine.

But if the 9 spearmen lose, then Pamplona is still neutral, and my knights would attack it. But the 9 spearmen should win.

Actually, I'm worried about the 9 spearmen winning but losing most of their number. If I send knights now, they arrive in 1 turn and can reinforce. But they'd fight separately? No, if Pamplona is already conquered by the time the knights arrive, they just join the garrison. So that's good.

But wait, the timing: the 9 spearmen arrive in 1 turn. That means on turn 14, they fight. If I send knights now, they also take 1 fast turn to arrive, so they'd also arrive on turn 14. But "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This says different villages. What about same village? The 9 spearmen were sent from Zaragoza last turn. If I send knights from Zaragoza now, they're from the same village but different sends. The rule doesn't explicitly say same village sends can't combine, but it says "each send fights alone, one at a time." So likely they also fight separately.

If both arrive on turn 14, one send fights first. If the 9 spearmen fight first and win, they capture Pamplona. Then the knights arrive and join the garrison (no fight). If the 9 spearmen fight first and lose, the knights would then fight the still-neutral Pamplona. But the 9 spearmen should win.

Actually, I think the order of resolution might be based on when the send was created. The 9 spearmen were sent earlier, so they might fight first. That's good.

But there's another issue: if I send knights from Zaragoza now, they'd use up Zaragoza's available troops. Zaragoza has 5 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knight available. I could send the 4 knights. They'd arrive in 1 turn. That would reinforce Pamplona after the spearmen win.

But I also want to keep some troops at Zaragoza for defense. Zaragoza is a border village with enemy Madrid and neutral Pamplona. It has 10 troops at home currently. If I send 4 knights away, it would have 5 spearman + 1 archer left. That's still decent.

Alternatively, I could send troops from Huesca to Zaragoza to reinforce, then Zaragoza sends more. But Huesca to Zaragoza takes 1 turn (I think). Let me check: Huesca [20] connects to [17] Zaragoza. The report says for Huesca: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". But to Zaragoza, which is my own village, it might be faster. Actually, the report only gives times to border villages. Huesca to Zaragoza is probably 1 turn for fast, 1 for medium, 2 for slow? Not sure. But I can send from Huesca to Zaragoza as reinforcement.

Let me think about what's most important. I need to capture villages efficiently.

Plan for this turn:
1. Build spearman everywhere possible.
2. Attack Murcia from Valencia with all available troops.
3. Attack Salamanca from Madrid with all available troops.
4. Send reinforcements from Zaragoza to Pamplona (knights and archers) to follow up the 9 spearmen.
5. Send troops from Huesca to Zaragoza to reinforce.
6. Maybe send troops from Barcelona/Tarragona/Girona/Castellon to Zaragoza or other front villages.

Let me check march times from rear villages to front:
- Barcelona to Teruel: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. Teruel is a border village facing Toledo.
- Barcelona to Zaragoza: via road? Barcelona [22] -> Tarragona [21] -> Zaragoza [17]. That's 2 roads. March time would be sum. Not directly connected. Actually, looking at the road network: Barcelona [22] connects to [21] Tarragona and [23] Girona. Tarragona [21] connects to [17] Zaragoza and [18] Castellon. So Barcelona to Zaragoza would go through Tarragona. But armies stop at the first non-friendly village. Tarragona is mine, so they'd pass through. But the march time would be Barcelona->Tarragona + Tarragona->Zaragoza. I don't have exact times.

Actually, the report gives: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" for Barcelona. So Barcelona to Teruel takes 3 slow turns. Teruel is a border village. Zaragoza is also a border village but it's interior? No, Zaragoza is listed as INTERIOR (no enemy border). Wait, the report says:
- [17] Zaragoza | INTERIOR (no enemy border)
- [13] Teruel | BORDER with [8] (enemy)
- [12] Madrid | BORDER with [7], [8] (enemy)

So Zaragoza is interior, but it faces neutral Pamplona. The "nearest border village" for Barcelona is Teruel at 3 slow turns.

I think sending troops from Barcelona to Teruel is a good idea to reinforce the front against Toledo. But 3 slow turns is a long time.

Let me focus on this turn's orders.

I'll do:
- Build: all villages build 2 spearman (except Madrid which can't).
- Movements:
  - Valencia -> Murcia: 6 spearman, 2 knight
  - Madrid -> Salamanca: 1 archer, 1 knight
  - Zaragoza -> Pamplona: 4 knight, 1 archer (send all available knights and archer, keep 5 spearman at home)
  - Huesca -> Zaragoza: 8 spearman, 1 knight (reinforce Zaragoza)
  - Barcelona -> Teruel: 4 spearman, 1 knight (reinforce Teruel for future attack on Toledo)
  - Tarragona -> Zaragoza: 2 spearman, 2 knight
  - Girona -> Huesca: 2 spearman, 2 knight? Or Girona -> Zaragoza? Girona connects to Huesca [20] and Barcelona [22]. From Girona to Huesca is 1 turn? Actually Girona [23] connects to [20] Huesca and [22] Barcelona. So Girona -> Huesca is directly connected. Then Huesca -> Zaragoza is another step. That's 2 steps. Girona -> Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza is 3 steps. So Girona -> Huesca -> Zaragoza is better. But armies stop at the first non-friendly village. Huesca is mine, so they'd pass through. So Girona -> Huesca takes some turns, then Huesca -> Zaragoza takes more turns. But I can only order one destination per send. So I'd send Girona -> Huesca, and then next turn Huesca -> Zaragoza.

Actually, I can send Girona -> Huesca now, and they'll arrive at Huesca and join its garrison. Then next turn I can send from Huesca to Zaragoza.

Let me simplify. I'll send:
- Valencia -> Murcia: all available (6 spearman, 2 knight)
- Madrid -> Salamanca: all available (1 archer, 1 knight)
- Zaragoza -> Pamplona: 4 knight, 1 archer (follow-up)
- Huesca -> Zaragoza: 8 spearman, 1 knight (reinforce Zaragoza)
- Barcelona -> Teruel: 4 spearman, 1 knight
- Tarragona -> Zaragoza: 2 spearman, 2 knight
- Girona -> Huesca: 2 spearman, 2 knight
- Castellon -> Valencia: 2 spearman, 2 knight (but Valencia is sending all its troops to Murcia, so Castellon should send to Valencia to reinforce after the attack? Actually, if Valencia sends all troops to Murcia, Valencia will be empty. Castellon can send to Valencia to garrison it. But Valencia is mine, so they'd join the garrison. That's fine.)

Wait, but if Valencia sends all troops to Murcia, and Murcia attack wins, the survivors stay at Murcia. Valencia becomes empty. That's okay because Valencia is interior and protected by Teruel and Castellon. But it might be good to keep some troops at Valencia. However, I want to maximize force at Murcia to ensure a good outcome.

Actually, let me reconsider: the rule says "The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself." So if I send more troops, I lose the same absolute amount but a smaller share. So sending all 8 from Valencia means I lose ~6.25 worth, which is about 45% of my force. If I sent only 6 spearman, I'd lose the same 6.25 worth, which is essentially all of them (since 6 spearman = 6 attack). So sending more reduces the share lost. So I should send all available.

But then Valencia is empty. I'll have Castellon send troops to Valencia to replenish.

Let me also think about Teruel. Teruel faces Toledo (enemy) with defense 25. Teruel has 13 troops (8 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight). I could attack Toledo now, but I'd lose (24 vs 25). So I should reinforce Teruel first. Barcelona sending 4 spearman + 1 knight to Teruel takes 3 slow turns for spearmen, 1 fast turn for knight. The knight arrives in 1 turn, spearmen in 3 turns. That's okay.

Actually, I should also consider building at Madrid next turn. Madrid will have 30 wood + 20 iron next turn. I can build there.

Let me finalize orders for this turn:

Build:
- Barcelona: 2 spearman
- Tarragona: 2 spearman
- Girona: 2 spearman
- Castellon: 2 spearman
- Zaragoza: 2 spearman
- Huesca: 2 spearman
- Valencia: 2 spearman
- Teruel: 2 spearman

Movements:
1. Valencia -> Murcia: 6 spearman, 2 knight
2. Madrid -> Salamanca: 1 archer, 1 knight
3. Zaragoza -> Pamplona: 4 knight, 1 archer
4. Huesca -> Zaragoza: 8 spearman, 1 knight
5. Barcelona -> Teruel: 4 spearman, 1 knight
6. Tarragona -> Zaragoza: 2 spearman, 2 knight
7. Girona -> Huesca: 2 spearman, 2 knight
8. Castellon -> Valencia: 2 spearman, 2 knight

Wait, I need to check if these sends are possible. Let me verify available troops:

- Barcelona: available 4 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. I'm sending 4 spearman, 1 knight to Teruel. That uses all available. Good.
- Tarragona: available 2 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight. Sending 2 spearman, 2 knight to Zaragoza. All available. Good.
- Girona: available 2 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight. Sending 2 spearman, 2 knight to Huesca. All available. Good.
- Castellon: available 2 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight. Sending 2 spearman, 2 knight to Valencia. All available. Good.
- Zaragoza: available 5 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knight. Sending 4 knight, 1 archer to Pamplona. That leaves 5 spearman at home. Good.
- Huesca: available 8 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight. Sending 8 spearman, 1 knight to Zaragoza. All available. Good.
- Valencia: available 6 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight. Sending 6 spearman, 2 knight to Murcia. All available. Good.
- Madrid: available 0 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Sending 1 archer, 1 knight to Salamanca. All available. Good.
- Teruel: available 8 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. Not sending anything. Good.

Now, what about the 9 spearmen already marching from Zaragoza to Pamplona? They're already on the way. And 2 spearmen from Barcelona to Teruel are already marching.

Wait, the report says: "already marching out (NOT available): 2 spearmen" from Barcelona. So Barcelona already has 2 spearmen marching to Teruel. If I send 4 spearman + 1 knight now, that's a separate send. They'd arrive at different times. The 2 spearmen arrive in 2 turns (since they were sent last turn and the march is 3 slow turns). My new send of 4 spearman would take 3 slow turns, arriving in 3 turns. The knight takes 1 fast turn, arriving in 1 turn. So the knight arrives first, then the 2 spearmen, then the 4 spearmen. That's fine.

Actually, I should check: the report says "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". The 2 spearmen already marching were sent last turn, so they have 2 slow turns left? Actually it says "arrives in 2 turns" for the 2 spearmen from Barcelona to Teruel. So they were sent last turn with a 3 slow turn journey, and have 1 turn left? Wait, "arrives in 2 turns" means 2 more turns until arrival. If the total is 3 slow turns, they've been marching for 1 turn, so 2 turns left. That matches.

My new send of 4 spearmen would take 3 slow turns from now, arriving in 3 turns. The knight takes 1 fast turn, arriving in 1 turn.

Okay, this all seems fine.

Now let me think about the plan text. I need to write a campaign plan for the next several turns.

Plan: 
- This turn: capture Murcia and Salamanca. Send reinforcements to Pamplona to follow up the 9 spearmen. Reinforce Zaragoza and Teruel for future attacks.
- Next turns: capture Pamplona (if not already), then Burgos from Madrid. Then attack Toledo from Teruel with reinforced army. Expand into unexplored territories.
- Goal: reach 18 villages or eliminate enemy villages.

Let me write the plan and statement.

Statement: "This turn we launch a multi-pronged attack: Valencia takes Murcia, Madrid takes Salamanca, and we send follow-up forces to Pamplona. We reinforce Zaragoza and Teruel for the next phase of expansion. All villages build spearmen to grow our army."

Now let me construct the JSON.

Actually, I need to double-check: can I send troops from Girona to Huesca? Girona [23] connects to [20] Huesca. Yes, they're connected by road. The march time: I don't have exact times, but it should be similar to other adjacent villages. I'll assume it's 1 fast / 1 medium / 2 slow turns or something. The engine will handle it.

Also, I need to check if Castellon to Valencia is valid. Castellon [18] connects to [16] Valencia. Yes.

Tarragona to Zaragoza: Tarragona [21] connects to [17] Zaragoza. Yes.

Huesca to Zaragoza: Huesca [20] connects to [17] Zaragoza. Yes.

Barcelona to Teruel: Barcelona [22] connects to [21] Tarragona, which connects to [17] Zaragoza, which connects to [13] Teruel? Actually, the road network shows: Barcelona [22] -> [21] Tarragona -> [17] Zaragoza -> [13] Teruel. But the report says Barcelona to Teruel takes 3 slow turns. So the engine has a path. I'll trust the report.

Wait, actually looking at the road network more carefully:
- [22] Barcelona: [21], [23]
- [21] Tarragona: [17], [18], [22]
- [17] Zaragoza: [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]
- [13] Teruel: [8], [16], [17], [18]

So Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> Teruel. That's 3 road segments. 3 slow turns makes sense.

Okay, my orders seem valid.

One more thing: the warning about refused orders last turn: "construir [13]: recurso insuficiente p/ cavaleiro (tem 0m/40f, custa 30m/30f)". That was trying to build a knight at Teruel with 0 wood and 40 iron. I should not repeat that. My build orders only use available resources.

Let me verify resource costs:
- Barcelona: wood 30, iron 80. Build 2 spearman: cost 30 wood, 0 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 80 iron. OK.
- Tarragona: wood 30, iron 70. Build 2 spearman: cost 30 wood, 0 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 70 iron. OK.
- Girona: wood 30, iron 70. Build 2 spearman: cost 30 wood, 0 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 70 iron. OK.
- Castellon: wood 30, iron 80. Build 2 spearman: cost 30 wood, 0 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 80 iron. OK.
- Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 20. Build 2 spearman: cost 30 wood, 0 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 20 iron. OK.
- Huesca: wood 30, iron 70. Build 2 spearman: cost 30 wood, 0 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 70 iron. OK.
- Valencia: wood 30, iron 40. Build 2 spearman: cost 30 wood, 0 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 40 iron. OK.
- Teruel: wood 30, iron 60. Build 2 spearman: cost 30 wood, 0 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 60 iron. OK.
- Madrid: wood 0, iron 0. Can't build. OK.

All good.

Now, I should also consider: should I build archers or knights anywhere? I have excess iron at many villages. But spearman are cheaper and I need numbers. Also, spearman counter knights, which are common in neutral villages. I'll stick with spearman for now.

Actually, wait: Zaragoza has 30 wood and 20 iron. I could build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) instead of 2 spearman. But 2 spearman give more troops. I'll keep 2 spearman.

Let me finalize the JSON.

For the plan, I'll write something like:

"plan": "This turn we attack Murcia with Valencia's full force and Salamanca with Madrid's troops. We send follow-up reinforcements to Pamplona (knights and archer) to secure it after the 9 spearmen arrive. We reinforce Zaragoza with troops from Huesca, Tarragona, and Girona, and send Barcelona's troops to Teruel to prepare for the assault on Toledo. Castellon reinforces Valencia after its attack. All villages build spearmen to grow our army. Next turns: capture Pamplona, Burgos, then Toledo, and expand into unexplored territories to reach 18 villages."

For the statement:

"statement": "This turn we launch a coordinated assault: Valencia takes Murcia, Madrid takes Salamanca, and we send follow-up forces to Pamplona. Reinforcements flow from the rear to the front: Huesca, Tarragona, and Girona reinforce Zaragoza; Barcelona sends troops to Teruel; Castellon reinforces Valencia. All villages produce spearmen to grow our army. The campaign is expanding on all fronts."

Let me make sure the JSON is valid.

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 13, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 16, "toId": 15, "troops": {"spearman": 6, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 12, "toId": 7, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 17, "toId": 19, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 4}},
    {"fromId": 20, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 8, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 22, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 21, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 23, "toId": 20, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 18, "toId": 16, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}}
  ],
  "plan": "...",
  "statement": "..."
}

Wait, I should double-check: the 9 spearmen from Zaragoza to Pamplona are already marching. I'm sending additional troops from Zaragoza to Pamplona (1 archer, 4 knight). These are separate sends. The 9 spearmen arrive in 1 turn. The new send: knights take 1 fast turn, archer takes 1 medium turn. So they'd also arrive in 1 turn. But they fight separately. If the 9 spearmen fight first and win (barely), they capture Pamplona. Then the knights and archer arrive and join the garrison. If the 9 spearmen fight first and lose, the knights and archer would then fight the neutral Pamplona. But the 9 spearmen should win.

Actually, I'm worried: what if the 9 spearmen and the new send arrive on the same turn and the order of fights is such that the new send fights first? Then the knights/archer would fight Pamplona alone. 4 knight + 1 archer vs 5 knights. Most numerous: knight (4 vs 1 archer). Knight vs knight: no counter. Attack: 4*4 + 1*2 = 18. Defense: 5*2*1.25 = 12.5. I'd win easily. Loser's effective force 12.5, half = 6.25. My total attack 18. I lose about 6.25/18 = 35% of my force, so about 1.4 knights and 0.4 archers? Roughly 1-2 knights lost. Then the 9 spearmen arrive and join the garrison. That's actually better because I lose fewer troops.

But if the 9 spearmen fight first and win narrowly, they lose ~6-7 spearmen, leaving 2-3. Then the knights arrive and reinforce. Total loss: ~6-7 spearmen + 0 knights. That's worse.

So actually, I'd prefer the knights to fight first! But I don't control the order. The rule says "each send fights alone, one at a time." It doesn't specify the order. It might be based on when the send was created (earlier first) or random. If earlier first, the 9 spearmen fight first. That's the worse case.

Hmm, maybe I should not send the knights from Zaragoza to Pamplona, but instead send them to somewhere else? Or send them later? But I can't send them later; I have to decide now.

Actually, if the 9 spearmen fight first and win, they capture Pamplona. Then the knights arrive and join the garrison. The total loss is ~6-7 spearmen. If the knights fight first, they win with fewer losses, and then the spearmen arrive and join. The total loss is ~1-2 knights. The second scenario is better for me.

But I don't know the order. However, if the 9 spearmen fight first and somehow lose (they shouldn't, 13.5 vs 13), then the knights would fight and win. So sending the knights is a good backup.

Actually, let me recalculate the 9 spearmen vs 5 knights more carefully:
- My army: 9 spearmen. Most numerous: spearman. Counter: spearman vs knight = 1.5x. Effective attack = 9 * 1.5 = 13.5.
- Defender: 5 knights. Defense per knight = 2. Village bonus x1.25. Effective defense = 5 * 2 * 1.25 = 12.5. Report says 13 (maybe rounding).
- 13.5 > 13, I win.
- Loser's effective force = 12.5. Half = 6.25.
- My total attack = 9. I lose 6.25/9 = 69% of my force. That's about 6-7 spearmen.
- Survivors: 2-3 spearmen.

That's a very high loss rate. If I had sent more spearmen, the loss would be the same absolute amount but a smaller share. But I'm already sending 9. If I could send 15 spearmen, I'd lose 6.25/15 = 42%, leaving ~9 spearmen. That's better.

But I only have 9 spearmen already marching. I could send more spearmen from Zaragoza now (5 available). They'd take 2 slow turns to arrive. By then, the 9 spearmen would have already fought and either won or lost. If they won, Pamplona is mine and the 5 spearmen join the garrison. If they lost, Pamplona is still neutral and the 5 spearmen attack it (but 5 spearmen vs 5 knights: 5*1.5 = 7.5 vs 12.5, I'd lose). So sending more spearmen later is only useful if the first wave wins.

Actually, I think the best strategy is to send the knights now as a separate wave. If they fight first, great. If they fight second, they reinforce after the spearmen win. Either way, I get Pamplona.

But there's a risk: if the knights fight first and win, they capture Pamplona. Then the 9 spearmen arrive and join the garrison. That's fine. If the spearmen fight first and win, they capture Pamplona with heavy losses, then knights join. Also fine. The only bad scenario is if the spearmen fight first and lose, but they shouldn't.

So I'll keep the order to send knights and archer to Pamplona.

Actually, wait: I'm sending 4 knights and 1 archer from Zaragoza to Pamplona. But Zaragoza only has 4 knights available. That's fine.

Let me also consider: should I send the 5 spearmen from Zaragoza to Pamplona as well? If I send them now, they'd take 2 slow turns. They'd arrive on turn 15. By then, the situation at Pamplona would be resolved (either it's mine or still neutral). If it's mine, they join the garrison. If it's still neutral (because the first waves failed), they'd attack. But 5 spearmen vs 5 knights is a losing battle. So I shouldn't send them unless I'm confident the first waves succeed.

I'll keep the 5 spearmen at Zaragoza for now.

Alright, I think my orders are good. Let me finalize.

One more thing: I'm sending Castellon's troops to Valencia. But Valencia is sending all its troops to Murcia. So Valencia will be empty when Castellon's troops arrive. That's fine; they'll garrison Valencia.

But wait: Valencia is an interior village. If it's empty, is it vulnerable? The rules say: "The same rule protects your INTERIOR villages (no enemy neighbour): every road into one of them passes through another of your villages, where an enemy army stops and fights." So Valencia is protected by Teruel and Castellon. An enemy coming from Toledo would have to go through Teruel first. An enemy coming from Murcia (if it were enemy) would have to go through... but Murcia is neutral, not enemy. So Valencia is safe.

Actually, after I capture Murcia, it becomes my village. Then Valencia is still interior, protected by Teruel and Murcia. So it's fine.

Let me write the final JSON.

I need to make sure the plan is under 600 characters. Let me count:

"plan": "This turn we attack Murcia with Valencia's full force and Salamanca with Madrid's troops. We send follow-up reinforcements to Pamplona (knights and archer) to secure it after the 9 spearmen arrive. We reinforce Zaragoza with troops from Huesca, Tarragona, and Girona, and send Barcelona's troops to Teruel to prepare for the assault on Toledo. Castellon reinforces Valencia after its attack. All villages build spearmen to grow our army. Next turns: capture Pamplona, Burgos, then Toledo, and expand into unexplored territories to reach 18 villages."

That's quite long. Let me count characters: roughly 600. I'll shorten it.

"plan": "Attack Murcia (Valencia) and Salamanca (Madrid) this turn. Send follow-up knights to Pamplona to secure it after the 9 spearmen. Reinforce Zaragoza from Huesca/Tarragona/Girona, and send Barcelona to Teruel for the Toledo assault. Castellon reinforces Valencia. All villages build spearmen. Next: capture Pamplona, Burgos, then Toledo; expand to reach 18 villages."

That's better.

Statement:
"statement": "This turn we launch a coordinated assault: Valencia takes Murcia, Madrid takes Salamanca, and we send follow-up forces to Pamplona. Reinforcements flow from the rear to the front: Huesca, Tarragona, and Girona reinforce Zaragoza; Barcelona sends troops to Teruel; Castellon reinforces Valencia. All villages produce spearmen to grow our army. The campaign is expanding on all fronts."

Okay, let me output the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":16,"destinoId":15,"tropas":{"lanceiro":6,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":12,"destinoId":7,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":17,"destinoId":19,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":4}},{"origemId":20,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":8,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":22,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":21,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":23,"destinoId":20,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":18,"destinoId":16,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":2}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [20]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [20]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [13]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [13]
ACEITO envio [16]->[15]: 6S+2K (alvo neutra cavaleiro)
ACEITO envio [12]->[7]: 1A+1K
ACEITO envio [17]->[19]: 1A+4K (alvo neutra cavaleiro)
ACEITO envio [20]->[17]: 8S+1K
ACEITO envio [22]->[13]: 4S+1K
ACEITO envio [21]->[17]: 2S+2K
ACEITO envio [23]->[20]: 2S+2K
ACEITO envio [18]->[16]: 2S+2K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Attack Murcia (Valencia) and Salamanca (Madrid) this turn. Send follow-up knights to Pamplona to secure it after the 9 spearmen. Reinforce Zaragoza from Huesca/Tarragona/Girona, and send Barcelona to Teruel for the Toledo assault. Castellon reinforces Valencia. All villages build spearmen. Next: capture Pamplona, Burgos, then Toledo; expand to reach 18 villages.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): This turn we launch a coordinated assault: Valencia takes Murcia, Madrid takes Salamanca, and we send follow-up forces to Pamplona. Reinforcements flow from the rear to the front: Huesca, Tarragona, and Girona reinforce Zaragoza; Barcelona sends troops to Teruel; Castellon reinforces Valencia. All villages produce spearmen to grow our army. The campaign is expanding on all fronts.
COMBATE [12] Madrid: atacante B Fatk=10 (ef 15) Fdef=10 (ef 13) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~4
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 1S+1A+1K
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 1K
REFORCO [16] Valencia dono B: 2S
placar: A 11 ald/tropas 22 | B 9 ald/tropas 18 | neutras 4 | transito 17 (A 7 | B 10)

########## TURNO 14 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4154 | resposta 27698 | raciocinio 22303 | finish stop | ms 370103
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 7, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 8, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 9, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 10, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 4, \"toId\": 11, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 4, \"toId\": 8, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 6, \"toId\": 10, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 10, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 1, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 6, \"archer\": 4, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 9, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 3, \"toId\": 7, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"This turn we focus on capturing Madrid and Cordoba. Our army from Toledo takes Madrid, while a fast archer/knight force from Badajoz captures Cordoba. We are moving southern troops North: Santarem and Sevilha send reinforcements to Badajoz, Porto sends troops to Vigo to prepare for the assault on Burgos. We also reinforce Toledo and Salamanca to secure the border. Next turn, after Madrid and Cordoba fall, we will have 13 villages. We will then push on Burgos and assess the enemy's strength in Teruel. We must keep building troops and maintain the offensive.\",\n  \"statement\": \"Our forces are converging on the enemy's weak points. Madrid will fall to our Toledo vanguard, and Cordoba will be swift taken by our elite archers and knights. We are busily moving our southern reserves to the front, reinforcing our border castles and preparing the next strike. The enemy is on the back foot, and we will not stop until we hold the dominion we need.\"\n}"
raciocinio: We are King A. We hold 11 villages. We need 18 to win (75% of 24). We have 11 now. The enemy capital is Barcelona [22], but we don't need to take it. We need to eliminate every enemy village or hold 18 for 2 consecutive turns.

Current turn: 14. We have troops at home and marching. Let's analyze the situation.

Our villages:
0 Lisboa: 11 troops (4 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight) - can send 4s, 6a, 1k. Attack power 20.
1 Santarem: 14 troops (8s, 6a, 0k) - can send 8s, 6a. Attack power 20.
2 Evora: 11 troops (8s, 3a, 0k) - can send 8s, 3a. Attack power 14.
3 Coimbra: 6 troops (6s, 0a, 0k) - can send 6s. Attack power 6. Already marching: 2s, 3a to [7] (arrives 1 turn).
4 Badajoz: 17 troops (12s, 3a, 2k) - can send 12s, 3a, 2k. Attack power 26. Already marching: 4s, 3a, 1k to [7] (arrives 1 turn).
5 Faro: 6 troops (6s, 0a, 0k) - can send 6s. Attack power 6.
6 Porto: 15 troops (13s, 2a, 0k) - can send 13s, 2a. Attack power 17.
7 Salamanca: 15 troops (6s, 8a, 1k) - can send 6s, 8a, 1k. Attack power 26. Border with [12] Madrid.
8 Toledo: 6 troops (6s, 0a, 0k) - can send 6s. Attack power 6. Already marching: 8s, 1a, 1k to [12] (arrives 1 turn). Border with [12], [13].
9 Sevilha: 6 troops (6s, 0a, 0k) - can send 6s. Attack power 6. Already marching: 4s, 4a to [4] (arrives 1 turn).
10 Vigo: 6 troops (6s, 0a, 0k) - can send 6s. Attack power 6.

Enemy villages we can see:
[12] Madrid: enemy, garrison empty, effective defense 0. March from [7] Salamanca: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns. So we can attack it from Salamanca in 1 turn (slowest troop). Also from [8] Toledo: 1 turn.
[13] Teruel: enemy, garrison 10s, 2a, 3k, effective defense 38. March from [8] Toledo: 1 turn.
[11] Cordoba: neutral, 5s, defense 13. March from [8] Toledo: 1 turn, from [9] Sevilha: 1 turn.
[14] Burgos: neutral, 5s, defense 13. March from [10] Vigo: 1 turn.

Unexplored: [15] Murcia, [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona, [23] Girona.

Road network: important connections.
From our border villages:
[7] Salamanca connects to [12] Madrid (enemy), and also to [3], [4], [6].
[8] Toledo connects to [11] Cordoba (neutral), [12] Madrid (enemy), [13] Teruel (enemy), and [4].
[10] Vigo connects to [14] Burgos (neutral), and [6].

Enemy armies on march:
- enemy army marching toward [13] Teruel, arrives in 1 turn.
- enemy army marching toward [13] Teruel, arrives in 2 turns.

Our armies on march:
- 8s, 1a, 1k from [8] to [12], arrives in 1 turn. This is a strong attack on Madrid.
- 4s, 3a, 1k from [4] to [7], arrives in 1 turn. Reinforcement to Salamanca.
- 2s, 3a from [3] to [7], arrives in 1 turn. Reinforcement to Salamanca.
- 4s, 4a from [9] to [4], arrives in 1 turn. Reinforcement to Badajoz.

So next turn, we will have:
At [7] Salamanca: current 15 + arriving 4s,3a,1k from [4] + 2s,3a from [3] = total 15+7+5 = 27? Let's calculate: current 6s,8a,1k. Arriving from [4]: 4s,3a,1k. Arriving from [3]: 2s,3a. So new garrison: 6+4+2=12s, 8+3+3=14a, 1+1=2k. Total 28 troops. Attack power if all sent: 12*1 + 14*2 + 2*4 = 12+28+8=48. But we can only send what is available now. The arriving troops are not available to send this turn; they will be available next turn (turn 15). So for this turn's orders, we can only send from current home troops.

At [8] Toledo: current 6s. Marching out: 8s,1a,1k. So after they leave, Toledo will have only 6s left? Wait, the marching troops are already built and are on the way. They are not at home. So Toledo currently has 6s at home, and the marching army is separate. So Toledo's available to send now is 6s.

At [4] Badajoz: current 17 (12s,3a,2k). Marching out: 4s,3a,1k. Arriving from [9]: 4s,4a. So after this turn, Badajoz will have: 12s -4s (sent) +4s (arriving) = 12s? Actually, the troops we send this turn will leave, and the arriving troops will join. But for this turn's orders, we can only send from the 17 currently at home. The marching out troops are already gone. So Badajoz currently has 12s,3a,2k available to send.

At [9] Sevilha: current 6s. Marching out: 4s,4a. So after sending, it will have 2s left? Actually, we can send up to 6s now. The 4s,4a are already marching.

At [3] Coimbra: current 6s. Marching out: 2s,3a. So available: 6s.

Other villages: [0] Lisboa 4s,6a,1k; [1] Santarem 8s,6a; [2] Evora 8s,3a; [5] Faro 6s; [6] Porto 13s,2a; [10] Vigo 6s.

Our goal: we need to hold 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. Currently we hold 11. Enemy villages we know: [12] Madrid (empty), [13] Teruel (10s,2a,3k). There are more enemy villages in unexplored territory: likely [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona, [23] Girona. That's 8 more. Total enemy villages: at least 10? Actually, total map has 24 villages. We have 11. Neutral: [11] Cordoba, [14] Burgos. That's 2 neutral. So enemy has 24 - 11 - 2 = 11 villages? But we only see 2 enemy villages. So there are 9 unexplored enemy villages. Wait, the list says UNEXPLORED (9): [17] Zaragoza, [16] Valencia, [15] Murcia, [18] Castellon, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona, [23] Girona. That's 9. Plus [12] Madrid and [13] Teruel are enemy. So total enemy villages = 11. We have 11. Neutral = 2. Total 24. So we need to capture 7 more villages to reach 18, or capture all enemy villages (11) to win by elimination. But capturing all enemy villages might be easier? Actually, we need to hold 18 for 2 consecutive turns. That means we need to capture and hold 7 enemy villages. But we also need to defend them. Alternatively, eliminate every enemy village: that means capture all 11 enemy villages. That might be harder because we need to hold them? No, "eliminate every enemy village" means we capture them and they become ours, so enemy has zero. That is a win condition. So if we capture all 11 enemy villages, we win immediately, regardless of holding for 2 turns. But we need to capture them all. That's a lot.

But we can also win by holding 18 for 2 turns. That requires capturing 7 enemy villages and holding them for 2 turns. Since we already hold 11, we need 7 more. But we also need to hold them for 2 consecutive turns, meaning we must capture them and then survive one turn while holding them. So we need to capture at least 7 enemy villages, and then hold them for one more turn. Or we could capture more than 7 and hold 18 for 2 turns.

Currently, we have armies marching to [12] Madrid. That's an enemy village. If we capture it, we will have 12 villages. We need 6 more.

We also have armies marching to reinforce [7] Salamanca. That's good because Salamanca is a border village.

What should we do this turn? We need to build troops and send them. We have many troops at home. We should continue the offensive.

Let's think about the enemy's next move. They have armies marching toward [13] Teruel. That suggests they are reinforcing Teruel. They might also attack somewhere. We don't see their other movements.

Our immediate target: capture Madrid [12] next turn. The army from [8] (8s,1a,1k) arrives in 1 turn. Madrid has 0 troops, so we will capture it easily. Then we will hold Madrid. But we need to send troops to attack it this turn? Actually, the army is already marching. We don't need to order it again. We just need to order new builds and movements for this turn.

We should consider building more troops to sustain the offensive. Our villages have resources. Let's check resources and cap.

Village resources: each produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. Cap per village: 300 troops. We have far below that.

We can build troops in any village. Costs:
spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron.
archer: 20 wood, 10 iron.
knight: 30 wood, 30 iron.

We need to decide which villages to build in and what to send where.

We have several border villages: [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo. Also [10] Vigo is near Burgos. We could attack Burgos [14] from Vigo. Burgos is neutral with 5s, defense 13. We could capture it to get another village. That would give us 12 (with Madrid) or 13 if we also get something else.

But we need to be careful: if we attack a neutral village, we might trigger enemy reaction? No, neutral villages just have garrison. They don't attack. But if we attack Burgos, we need to send troops from Vigo. Vigo has 6s. To capture Burgos, we need to defeat its garrison. Burgos has 5s, defense 13. Our 6s have attack 6. But defense is 13? Wait, effective defense is 13. That includes location bonus. In combat, when attacking, our troops count their attack, defender counts defense. The effective defense already includes location bonus. So we need to compare our attack force to 13. With 6 spearmen, attack = 6. That's less than 13, so we would lose. We need more troops. We could send from other villages? But Vigo is the only one connected to Burgos? Road: [10] Vigo connects to [14] Burgos. Also [14] connects to [12] Madrid and [19] Pamplona. So we could send from Vigo, but we need to reinforce Vigo first. Vigo has only 6s. We could send troops from Porto [6] to Vigo? Porto to Vigo: road? [6] Porto connects to [3], [7], [10]. So Porto to Vigo is direct? [6] to [10] is a road. Yes, Porto to Vigo: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns? The report says: from [6] Porto to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. But to Vigo? It doesn't give distance. But from the road network, [6] connects to [10]. So we can send from Porto to Vigo. But travel time: we need to know the distance. The report gives march distances only for some pairs. We might need to estimate. But we can send troops to Vigo to reinforce it, then next turn attack Burgos. However, Burgos is neutral and will harden over time. It currently has 5s, defense 13. If we wait, it might gain more troops. Every 5 turns, neutral villages gain +1 troop. It's turn 14, so 5 turns ago it was turn 9? The report says "was 10, 5 turns ago" for defense. So it gains +1 troop every 5 turns? Actually, it says "effective defense (location bonus included): 13 (was 10, 5 turns ago)". So it gained 3 defense? That might be from troop increase. The rule: "Neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type." So every 5 turns, it gains 1 spearman. Since spearman has defense 2, and location bonus? The effective defense includes location bonus. So it might increase by more than 1. But anyway, it's getting stronger.

We should probably focus on enemy villages first, since they are required to win (either 18 hold or eliminate all). Capturing neutral villages doesn't directly help win unless we need them to reach 18. But we need 7 more villages. We can get Madrid (enemy), and then we need 6 more. There are 10 other enemy villages. We can try to capture them. But they are likely heavily defended. The enemy capital Barcelona is the hardest.

We need to plan our moves. Let's list all enemy villages we know: [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel. Unexplored: [15] Murcia, [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona, [23] Girona. That's 9. Total 11 enemy villages.

We need to capture 7 of them to reach 18. Or capture all 11 to win by elimination. Capturing all 11 might be easier because we don't need to hold them for 2 turns; just capture and we win. But we need to capture them all in one go? No, we can capture them one by one. The win condition "eliminate every enemy village" means if we capture all enemy villages, we win immediately. So we don't need to hold for 2 turns. That might be the goal: eliminate all enemy villages.

But to capture them, we need to project power into enemy territory. Our current border is at [7] Salamanca and [8] Toledo. From there, we can attack [12] Madrid and [13] Teruel. [12] is empty, so easy. [13] has 38 defense. We need a strong army to take it. We have troops at [8] Toledo: we sent 8s,1a,1k to [12]. That army is not going to [13]. We could send another army from somewhere to [13]. But [13] is connected to [8], [16], [17], [18]. So we can attack from [8]. Toledo currently has 6s. We could build more there and send them. But we need to consider the enemy's defenses.

Also, we have [11] Cordoba neutral, connected to [8] and [9]. If we capture Cordoba, we get a village closer to enemy territory. But it's neutral. We could capture it to use as a staging point.

Let's think about our overall strategy. We have many troops in the south (Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, Faro, Sevilha, Badajoz, Coimbra, Porto). We are moving them toward the north. We have a big army at Badajoz (17) and we are sending reinforcements to Salamanca. We also have an army marching to Madrid. Once we take Madrid, we will have a village in the center. From Madrid, we can attack [14] Burgos (neutral), [17] Zaragoza (enemy), [8] Toledo (ours), [7] Salamanca (ours). So Madrid is a hub.

We should try to capture Madrid this turn (the army is already marching). Then next turn, we can use Madrid as a base to attack further. But we need to send troops to Madrid to hold it and then attack from it. The army that takes Madrid will arrive and capture it. Then we can send more troops from other villages to Madrid to reinforce it, and then from Madrid attack enemy villages.

But we need to decide what to build and send this turn. We have many villages with troops. We should build more troops to have a continuous flow. Let's check resources:

Villages and their wood/iron:
[0] Lisboa: wood 30, iron 130. Can build: knights need 30 wood, 30 iron. Has 130 iron, so can build many knights. But cap on troops at home: 300. Currently 11. So can build up to 289. But resources per turn: 30 wood, 20 iron. So it can build 1 knight per turn (30 wood, 30 iron) but iron is 130, so it can build 4 knights immediately? Actually, resources are stockpiled. It has 30 wood and 130 iron now. It produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn. So this turn, before building, it has 30 wood, 130 iron. It can build knights: each costs 30 wood, 30 iron. With 30 wood, it can build 1 knight (uses 30 wood, 30 iron). Then wood becomes 0, iron 100. Next turn it produces 30 wood, 20 iron, so it can build another. But we can build multiple if we have enough resources. Actually, the rule: "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." So we can only build what it can pay for with its current stock. So Lisboa can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and maybe some archers? Archers cost 20 wood, 10 iron. With 30 wood, 130 iron, we could build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and have 10 wood left, but not enough for another archer. Spearman costs 15 wood, 0 iron. We could build 2 spearmen (30 wood). But we need to decide what to build.

We should probably build a mix to have a balanced army. But we need to consider what we are attacking. If we are attacking enemy villages, they have defenders. We need to match their forces.

Let's analyze the enemy's known garrisons:
[13] Teruel: 10s, 2a, 3k. Effective defense 38. That's a strong garrison. To attack it, we need an army with effective attack > 38, considering counter triangle. The defender's most numerous type is spearman (10). So the counter matchup: if we attack with mostly archers, we get 1.5x bonus. If we attack with mostly knights, we get bonus against archers? Actually, the counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. So if the defender has most numerous spearman, and we attack with most numerous archer, we get 1.5x. If we attack with most numerous spearman, no counter bonus (tie? Actually, spearman vs spearman: no counter, because spearman counters knight, not spearman). If we attack with knights, they counter archers, but defender has no archers as most numerous? The rule: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So for defender, most numerous is spearman (10). For attacker, if we send mostly archers, then archer counters spearman, so we get 1.5x. If we send mostly knights, knight is not countered by spearman? Actually, spearman counters knight, so if we send knights and defender has spearmen, the defender's spearman countermatches our knight? The rule says: "spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archers. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't say that being countered reduces your force; it's just a bonus if you have the counter. So if we attack with knights, and defender has spearmen, the defender has the counter? The rule says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't specify if the defender gets the counter bonus. Wait, the combat rules: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archers. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So the attacker can have a counter bonus if their most numerous type counters the defender's most numerous type. The defender does not get a counter bonus; they just use defense. Actually, it says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It doesn't specify attacker or defender, but the context is about the attacker's force? Let's read carefully: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counts knight; archer counts spearman; knight counts archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So it seems the attacker's force is multiplied by 1.5 if they have the counter. The defender's force is just their defense. So if we attack Teruel with mostly archers, our attack is multiplied by 1.5. Teruel's defense is 38. We need our effective attack (after multiplication) to be greater than 38 to win. Actually, the effective defense already includes location bonus. So we just compare our attack force (with counter bonus if applicable) to the effective defense. If we have a higher number, we win. A tie favors defender.

So to take Teruel, we need an army with attack > 38 (or > 38/1.5 = 25.34 if we get counter). So if we send archers, we need about 26 attack before counter. Each archer has attack 2. So 13 archers would give 26 attack, with counter 39, which beats 38. But we also have to consider that the defender's most numerous type is spearman, so archer counters spearman, giving 1.5x. So 13 archers would be enough. But we also might have other troops. The most numerous type sets the counter. If we send a mix, the most numerous type determines counter. So if we send 13 archers and some spearmen, the most numerous might still be archers if we have more archers than spearmen. So we can do that.

But Teruel also has knights. Their defense is included in the 38? The effective defense is a single number that already includes all troops' defense and location bonus. So we just need to beat that number.

We have many archers available. For example, Salamanca has 8 archers. We could send them. But we need to get them to Teruel. Teruel is connected to [8] Toledo. So we need to send from Toledo or from a village connected to Toledo. Toledo has 6s. We could build archers in Toledo? Toledo has wood 40, iron 90. It can build archers: 20 wood, 10 iron. It can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or more if it had more wood. Actually, it has 40 wood, so it can build 2 archers (40 wood) and have 0 wood left. Or it can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and have 10 wood left. Or spearmen: 15 wood each, so 2 spearmen (30 wood) and 10 wood left. We need to decide.

But we also have the army marching to Madrid. That army has 8s, 1a, 1k. That's a good assault force for Madrid. Once Madrid is taken, we can use it as a base. But we need to send troops to Madrid to hold it and then attack from it. The army that takes Madrid will be there. We can send reinforcements to Madrid from other villages.

Let's think about the immediate turn. We need to issue orders for building and movement. The armies already marching will arrive next turn. We can't change them. So we need to decide what to build and what to send now.

We should probably focus on building archers and knights because they have higher attack, and we need to counter the enemy's spearmen. But we also need to consider our own defense. The enemy might attack our villages. We have strong defenses at our interior villages, but border villages like Salamanca and Toledo have lower defense? Salamanca effective defense 38, Toledo 15. Toledo is vulnerable. We should reinforce Toledo.

Also, we have an enemy army marching toward Teruel? Actually, the report says: "enemy army marching toward [13] Teruel, arrives in 1 turn" and another "arrives in 2 turns". So the enemy is sending troops to Teruel. That might mean they are reinforcing it, or they are preparing to attack from there? Or they might be moving through Teruel to somewhere else? The enemy's moves are unknown. But they are sending troops to Teruel, so they likely intend to use it as a base. We should be prepared for an attack on our villages. Which villages could they attack? From Teruel, they could attack [8] Toledo (ours), or [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, etc. They could also attack from Madrid? Madrid is currently empty, but if we take it, they might try to retake it.

We need to protect our border villages. Salamanca has defense 38, which is decent. Toledo has defense 15, which is low. We should send troops to Toledo to bolster its defense. We can send from Badajoz (which has many troops) to Toledo? Road: [4] Badajoz connects to [8] Toledo. The report says: from [4] Badajoz to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So we can send from Badajoz to Toledo in 1 turn (fastest). That would arrive next turn. Badajoz has 12s, 3a, 2k available. We could send some to Toledo.

Also, we have troops marching from [9] Sevilha to [4] Badajoz (4s, 4a). That will reinforce Badajoz. So Badajoz will have even more troops next turn. We could send from Badajoz to Toledo this turn, and then next turn send more.

We also have [7] Salamanca receiving reinforcements from [4] and [3]. So Salamanca will be strong.

What about the south? We have many villages there. They are interior and have no enemy border, so they are safe from direct attack. But we need to keep them producing resources and building troops. We should build troops in the southern villages and send them north. We need a steady stream.

Let's list all our villages and what they can send now (available to send this turn):
[0] Lisboa: 4s, 6a, 1k. Attack power 20.
[1] Santarem: 8s, 6a. Attack power 20.
[2] Evora: 8s, 3a. Attack power 14.
[3] Coimbra: 6s. Attack power 6. (already marching 2s,3a to [7])
[4] Badajoz: 12s, 3a, 2k. Attack power 26. (already marching 4s,3a,1k to [7])
[5] Faro: 6s. Attack power 6.
[6] Porto: 13s, 2a. Attack power 17.
[7] Salamanca: 6s, 8a, 1k. Attack power 26.
[8] Toledo: 6s. Attack power 6. (already marching 8s,1a,1k to [12])
[9] Sevilha: 6s. Attack power 6. (already marching 4s,4a to [4])
[10] Vigo: 6s. Attack power 6.

We need to decide where to send these available troops. We can send them to reinforce border villages, or to attack enemy villages.

Potential targets:
- [12] Madrid: enemy, empty. We already have an army marching there. We could send more troops to Madrid to secure it. But Madrid is not ours yet. We can send troops to Madrid to attack it? Actually, we can send troops to an enemy village to attack it. They will march and fight the garrison. Since Madrid has no garrison, any troops we send will capture it. But we already sent an army from [8]. If we send more from other villages, they will arrive at different times? The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if we send multiple armies to Madrid, they will fight separately. But since Madrid has 0 troops, the first one will capture it, and the others will arrive and find it friendly? Actually, if we send an army to an enemy village, they fight the garrison. Once the garrison is captured, the village becomes ours. If another army arrives later, it will arrive at a friendly village and join the garrison. But if they arrive on the same turn, they fight separately? The rule says they fight alone, one at a time. But if the first one captures the village, the second one might not need to fight? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So if we send an army to Madrid, and Madrid is enemy, they will stop and fight. If we send another army to Madrid on the same turn, they will also stop and fight. But since the first fight might capture Madrid, the second army might arrive after the fight? The timing is simultaneous. The rule: "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." So all moves happen simultaneously. The combat resolves simultaneously? Actually, the rule says: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This implies that even if they arrive at the same time, they fight sequentially. But the order might be arbitrary. To avoid confusion, it's better to send one large army rather than multiple small ones. So we should consolidate troops into one army to attack a village. We can send troops from multiple villages to a single village, but they must all go to that village and fight together? No, they fight separately. So if we want to attack Madrid, we should send one strong army from one village, or send them to an intermediate friendly village first and then combine? But we can't combine them on the same turn because they move from different places. We could send them to a nearby friendly village, and then next turn send them together from there. That's a common strategy: reinforce a border village, then next turn launch a combined attack.

So for Madrid, we already have an army from [8] (8s,1a,1k) arriving next turn. That's a decent force. Madrid has 0 troops, so that army will capture it. We don't need to send more to Madrid this turn. We could send reinforcements to Madrid after it's captured, but they would need to go to Madrid directly. We can send from [7] Salamanca to Madrid? Salamanca is connected to Madrid. We could send troops from Salamanca to Madrid to reinforce it. But if we send them this turn, they will march and arrive at Madrid. But Madrid is currently enemy. So they will fight the garrison. Since the garrison is 0, they will capture it. But the army from [8] is also doing that. If we send from Salamanca, they will fight separately. The first one to arrive (or the one that resolves first) will capture it. The other might arrive and find it friendly? But since they are simultaneous, it's messy. Better to wait until Madrid is ours, then send reinforcements.

So for this turn, we should not send additional troops to Madrid. Instead, we should focus on reinforcing our border villages and preparing for the next offensive.

Which border villages need reinforcement?
- [7] Salamanca: already receiving reinforcements from [4] and [3]. It will have 28 troops next turn. That's good. We might not need to send more there this turn. But we could send more from other villages to make it even stronger. Salamanca is a key border village. It has defense 38. With more troops, it can defend better and launch attacks.
- [8] Toledo: currently has only 6s, and we are sending its main force (8s,1a,1k) to Madrid. So after that, Toledo will have only 6s left? Actually, the 8s,1a,1k are already marching; they are not at home. So Toledo currently has 6s at home. Next turn, after they leave, Toledo will have 6s (since we didn't build more yet). But we can build more in Toledo this turn to replace them. Toledo has resources: wood 40, iron 90. It can build troops. We should build troops in Toledo and also send reinforcements to Toledo from other villages. Toledo is on the border with Teruel (enemy) and Cordoba (neutral). It's vulnerable. We should send troops from Badajoz to Toledo. Badajoz has many troops. We can send some to Toledo this turn. They will arrive next turn (1 turn). So by next turn, Toledo will have its 6s plus the arriving troops, plus whatever we build there.
- [10] Vigo: near Burgos (neutral). We might want to attack Burgos. Vigo has 6s. We could send troops from Porto to Vigo to reinforce it, then attack Burgos. But Burgos is neutral; do we need it? It would give us another village. If we capture Burgos, we would have 12 villages (with Madrid). Then we need 6 more. But we could also focus on enemy villages. Capturing neutral villages might be easier because they have fewer troops. But they harden over time. Burgos currently has 5s, defense 13. We could attack it with a mixed army. From Vigo, we can send troops. But we need enough to beat 13. Vigo has 6s (attack 6). Not enough. We could send archers from somewhere. For example, Porto has 13s, 2a. We could send some to Vigo, then from Vigo attack Burgos. But we need to consider travel time. If we send from Porto to Vigo (1 turn), then next turn from Vigo to Burgos (1 turn). So it takes 2 turns to attack Burgos. Meanwhile, Burgos might harden. Alternatively, we could send troops directly from Porto to Burgos? Road: [6] Porto connects to [10] Vigo, and [10] Vigo connects to [14] Burgos. So from Porto to Burgos, the path is Porto -> Vigo -> Burgos. The army would stop at Vigo if Vigo is not ours? But Vigo is ours! So an army from Porto to Burgos would pass through Vigo (friendly) and continue to Burgos. The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there." So if Vigo is ours, they won't stop there; they'll continue to Burgos. So we can send from Porto directly to Burgos! That's great. The travel time: from Porto to Vigo is 1 turn (slow/medium/fast), then Vigo to Burgos is 1 turn. So total 2 turns? Actually, the report gives march distances: from [6] Porto to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. That suggests that the distance from Porto to Salamanca is 1 turn for fast troops. But to Vigo, it might be similar. We need to know the exact travel time to Burgos from Porto. The road network: [6] Porto to [10] Vigo is a direct road. [10] Vigo to [14] Burgos is direct. So an army marching from Porto to Burgos would go through Vigo. Since Vigo is ours, they don't stop. The total distance is the sum of the two segments. Each segment might be 1 turn for fast troops. So total 2 turns for fast, 2 for medium? Actually, we need to know the speed of each segment. The report doesn't give distances for all pairs. But we can infer from the given data: "from [10] Vigo to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" - that's for Vigo to Salamanca, which is not directly connected? Actually, Vigo to Salamanca: road? [10] Vigo connects to [6] Porto, and [6] connects to [7] Salamanca. So the path is Vigo -> Porto -> Salamanca? Or Vigo -> ? Actually, road network: [10] Vigo: [6], [14]. [6] Porto: [3], [7], [10]. [7] Salamanca: [3], [4], [6], [12]. So Vigo to Salamanca is via Porto and then to Salamanca? That's two segments: Vigo-Porto and Porto-Salamanca. The report says from Vigo to Salamanca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. That suggests the total distance is 2 slow turns, or 1 medium, or 1 fast. So each segment might be 1 slow turn? Actually, if both segments are 1 slow turn each, total slow turns = 2. For medium, maybe each segment is 1 medium? But medium is faster than slow. If each segment takes 1 slow turn, a medium troop might do it in 1 turn? No, the report gives the travel time in turns for each speed. It says "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means if you have slow troops, it takes 2 turns; medium troops take 1 turn; fast troops take 1 turn. So the distance is such that slow troops take 2 turns, medium and fast take 1 turn. That implies the distance is 2 "slow" units. So each segment might be 1 slow unit. So Vigo to Porto is 1 slow unit, Porto to Salamanca is 1 slow unit. So from Porto to Vigo is 1 slow unit. From Vigo to Burgos: we don't have the distance. But likely it's also 1 slow unit. So Porto to Burgos would be 2 slow units. So an army of slow troops (spearman) would take 2 turns. Medium troops (archer) might take 1 turn? Actually, if the distance is 2 slow units, medium troops might take 1 turn? The rule: "Travel time is measured along the roads: a village that looks close on the map can be far by road. See the ROAD NETWORK block in the report." The report gives travel time per speed. For a given path, it lists the number of turns for slow, medium, fast. So we need to know the travel time from Porto to Burgos. We can estimate: if Porto to Vigo is 1 slow turn, and Vigo to Burgos is 1 slow turn, then total is 2 slow turns. For medium, maybe 1 turn? But we need to be careful. The report only gives distances for some pairs. We might need to send troops and see. But we can't see the result until next turn. So we should probably rely on the given data. The given data: from [10] Vigo to [7] Salamanca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. That's a two-segment path. So for a two-segment path, slow takes 2, medium takes 1, fast takes 1. So for Porto to Burgos (also two segments: Porto-Vigo and Vigo-Burgos), it might be similar: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. But we don't know if Vigo-Burgos is the same length as Porto-Salamanca. It might be different. We need to be conservative.

Alternatively, we can send troops to Vigo to reinforce it, and then next turn send from Vigo to Burgos. That way we know the travel time from Vigo to Burgos is 1 turn (since the report says from Vigo to Salamanca is 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast, but that's to Salamanca, not Burgos. To Burgos might be shorter). Actually, the report says: "from [10] Vigo to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". It doesn't give Vigo to Burgos. But we can see Burgos is connected to Vigo. So we can send from Vigo to Burgos. The distance is unknown, but likely 1 turn for all speeds? Because it's a direct connection. Many direct connections seem to be 1 turn. For example, from [8] Toledo to [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. From [7] Salamanca to [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. So direct connections are 1 turn for all speeds. So Vigo to Burgos is likely 1 turn for all speeds. So if we send from Vigo to Burgos, it takes 1 turn. If we send from Porto to Burgos, it would take 2 turns for slow, maybe 1 for medium/fast? But since it's two segments, slow would take 2, medium might take 1 if each segment is 1 medium? Actually, the rule: a mixed army marches at the speed of its slowest troop. So if we send only archers (medium) from Porto to Burgos, they might take 1 turn if the total distance is 2 slow units? Let's think: if each segment is 1 slow unit, then a medium troop might cover 2 slow units in 1 turn? The report's travel times: for a path that is 2 slow units, it says "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast". So medium takes 1 turn. So if Porto to Burgos is 2 slow units, then archers would take 1 turn, knights 1 turn, spearmen 2 turns. So we could send archers from Porto to Burgos and they would arrive in 1 turn. That's fast. But we need to be sure of the distance. Since we don't have the exact data, we might risk it. But we can also just send from Vigo. Vigo has 6s. If we send them to Burgos, they will take 1 turn (slow). But 6s might not be enough to capture Burgos (defense 13). We need more troops. So we should reinforce Vigo first. We can send troops from Porto to Vigo. Porto to Vigo is a direct connection. What is the travel time? The report doesn't give Porto to Vigo specifically. But from Porto to Salamanca is 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast? Actually, the report says: from [6] Porto to your nearest border village [7] Salamanca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So Porto to Salamanca is 1 turn for all. That's a direct connection? Porto to Salamanca is direct? Road: [6] Porto connects to [7] Salamanca. Yes, direct. So Porto to Salamanca is 1 turn. Porto to Vigo is also direct: [6] to [10]. So likely also 1 turn for all speeds. So we can send from Porto to Vigo in 1 turn. Then next turn from Vigo to Burgos in 1 turn. That's 2 turns total. If we send from Porto directly to Burgos, it might be 2 turns for slow, 1 for medium/fast. So it's similar. But sending via Vigo allows us to combine troops from Vigo and arriving reinforcements at Vigo, then launch a unified attack from Vigo. That might be better because we can send a larger army from Vigo. So let's plan to capture Burgos: send troops from Porto to Vigo this turn, and also build in Vigo if possible, then next turn send from Vigo to Burgos. But we need to have enough troops to beat Burgos's defense. Burgos has 5s, defense 13. We need an army with attack > 13. If we send spearmen, attack = number. So 14 spearmen would beat 13. But we can also use archers: attack 2 each, so 7 archers would be 14. With counter? Burgos's most numerous is spearman. If we send archers, we get 1.5x, so 7 archers would have effective attack 21, which is >13. But we need to consider that the effective defense is 13, which already includes location bonus. So we just need attack > 13. 7 archers (attack 14) would win even without counter. With counter, it's even easier. So we can send a mix.

But do we need Burgos? It's a neutral village. Capturing it gives us 12 villages. We need 18 to win. So we need 6 more after Madrid and Burgos. There are many enemy villages. Maybe we should focus on enemy villages instead of neutral, because neutral villages don't count toward the win condition of holding 18? Actually, any village we hold counts. So neutral villages we capture become ours and count toward the 18. So capturing neutral villages is a valid way to reach 18. But we also need to hold them for 2 consecutive turns. So if we capture Burgos, we need to hold it for one more turn after capturing to satisfy the 2 consecutive turns? Actually, the win condition: "hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns". So if we capture a village, we hold it starting the turn we capture it? Usually, you hold it after the battle. So if we capture it this turn, we hold it this turn. Then next turn we still hold it, so that's 2 consecutive turns? Actually, the turn we capture it, it becomes ours at the end of the turn. So for the win condition, we need to hold 18 villages at the end of a turn, and then again at the end of the next turn. So if we capture a village this turn, we might not have 18 yet. We need to have 18 at the end of this turn and then again next turn. So we need to capture enough villages this turn to reach 18, and then hold them next turn. Or we can capture some this turn and some next turn, but we need 18 for two consecutive turns. So we need to plan the timing.

Currently we have 11. If we capture Madrid this turn (the army arrives), we will have 12 at the end of this turn. Then we need 6 more to reach 18. We could capture them next turn. But then we would have 18 at the end of next turn, and we need to hold them for one more turn (the turn after). So we need to survive and hold them. Alternatively, we could capture 7 villages this turn to reach 18 immediately, but that's impossible because we only have armies marching to one village (Madrid). We can send more armies this turn to other villages, but they won't arrive this turn; they'll arrive next turn or later. So the earliest we can have 18 is next turn. So we need to capture at least 7 villages by next turn. We have Madrid arriving next turn. We need 6 more. We can send armies this turn to attack other villages, arriving next turn. So we need to choose 6 other villages to attack that we can reach in 1 turn. Which villages can we reach in 1 turn? From our border villages, we can reach:
- From [7] Salamanca: [12] Madrid (1 turn), and also [3], [4], [6] (ours). No other enemy villages directly connected? Salamanca connects to [12] Madrid only? Road: [7] Salamanca: [3], [4], [6], [12]. So only Madrid is enemy/neutral directly connected.
- From [8] Toledo: [12] Madrid (1 turn), [13] Teruel (1 turn), [11] Cordoba (1 turn). Also [4] ours.
- From [10] Vigo: [14] Burgos (1 turn). Also [6] ours.
- From [9] Sevilha: [11] Cordoba (1 turn), [4], [5] ours.
- From [4] Badajoz: [8] Toledo (1 turn), [7] Salamanca (1 turn), [1] Santarem, [5] Faro, [9] Sevilha. No enemy directly? Badajoz connects to [8] and [7] which are ours, and [1], [5], [9] ours. So no enemy directly from Badajoz.
- From [3] Coimbra: [7] Salamanca (1 turn), [1] Santarem, [6] Porto. No enemy.
- From [6] Porto: [7] Salamanca (1 turn), [3] Coimbra, [10] Vigo. No enemy directly.
- From [1] Santarem: [0] Lisboa, [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz. No enemy.
- etc.

So the only enemy/neutral villages we can reach in 1 turn are: Madrid [12] from Salamanca or Toledo; Teruel [13] from Toledo; Cordoba [11] from Toledo or Sevilha; Burgos [14] from Vigo. That's it. So we can attack at most 4 villages next turn (if we send armies from multiple places). But we need 6 more villages to reach 18. So we cannot reach 18 by next turn by capturing only these. We would need to capture villages further away, which take multiple turns. So the earliest we can reach 18 might be later. But we can also capture neutral villages like Cordoba and Burgos, and enemy villages like Madrid and Teruel. That's 4 villages. Plus we already have 11, so 11+4=15. Still need 3 more. Those 3 would have to come from deeper enemy territory, which will take more time.

So the "hold 18 for 2 turns" might take a while. The alternative win condition is "eliminate every enemy village". That means we must capture all 11 enemy villages. That is a lot of work, but we don't need to hold them for 2 turns; just capture them all. Once we capture the last one, we win immediately. So we can focus on capturing enemy villages one by one. We don't need to capture neutral villages unless they block our path or we need them as staging points. But capturing neutral villages also gives us more villages, which helps with the 18 condition, but we might not need them if we eliminate all enemies.

Which win condition is more achievable? Eliminating all enemies requires capturing 11 villages. Many of them are unexplored and likely have strong garrisons. The enemy capital Barcelona is the hardest. But we don't need to take it? The rule says: "The enemy capital is the hardest single target on the map; taking it is NOT required to win." So we can win by eliminating every enemy village without taking Barcelona? Wait, "eliminate every enemy village" means all enemy villages must be eliminated. That includes the capital. So we do need to take Barcelona to win by elimination. But the rule says taking it is NOT required to win. That might mean it's not required for the 75% hold condition, but for elimination it is required? Let's read: "HOW TO WIN: hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. You currently hold 11 of 24. The enemy capital is the hardest single target on the map; taking it is NOT required to win." This implies that taking the capital is not required for either win condition? Actually, if you eliminate every enemy village, you must take the capital because it's an enemy village. So it is required for that. But the statement says "taking it is NOT required to win" might be emphasizing that you don't need to take the capital to win via the 75% condition. So you can win by holding 18 without taking the capital. That is probably the easier path. So we should aim to hold 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns. That means we need to capture and hold 7 villages (since we have 11). We can capture some enemy villages and some neutral villages. We don't need to take the capital. So we can focus on capturing the easier enemy villages and neutral villages, and holding them.

So we need to expand our territory. We have 11. We need 7 more. We can get Madrid (enemy) easily. Then we need 6 more. We can get Cordoba (neutral) and Burgos (neutral) relatively easily. That would be 3 more, total 14. Then we need 4 more. Those could be Teruel (enemy) and maybe some unexplored ones that are closer. But we need to see the map. The unexplored villages are in the east. From our position, we can push through Madrid to the east. Madrid connects to [17] Zaragoza (enemy) and [14] Burgos (neutral) and [12] Madrid itself, and [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo. So from Madrid, we can attack Zaragoza. That's an enemy village. Also, from Toledo, we can attack Teruel. From Teruel, we can attack Valencia, Castellon, etc. So we can gradually push east.

But we need to build up our army. We have many troops at home. We should use this turn to build and send troops to prepare for the next offensive.

Let's decide on a strategy for this turn:

1. Capture Madrid: already in progress (army from Toledo). No action needed.
2. Capture Cordoba: Cordoba is neutral, 5s, defense 13. We can attack it from Toledo or Sevilha. Toledo has 6s. If we send 6s from Toledo to Cordoba, they will arrive next turn. But 6s attack = 6, defense 13 -> lose. So we need to send more. We could send from Sevilha? Sevilha has 6s. Also 6s attack = 6. Not enough. We could send from Badajoz to Toledo, then from Toledo to Cordoba? Or send from Badajoz directly to Cordoba? Road: [4] Badajoz connects to [8] Toledo, and [8] Toledo connects to [11] Cordoba. So Badajoz to Cordoba is two segments: Badajoz-Toledo and Toledo-Cordoba. That would take 2 turns for slow, maybe 1 for medium. But we can send archers from Badajoz to Cordoba? Badajoz has 12s, 3a, 2k. We could send the archers and knights. They are medium/fast. They might arrive in 1 turn? Let's check travel time: Badajoz to Toledo is 1 turn (from report: from Badajoz to Toledo: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast). Toledo to Cordoba is likely 1 turn (since Toledo to Madrid is 1, and Cordoba is also connected to Toledo). So Badajoz to Cordoba is 2 segments. For medium troops, it might take 1 turn? Actually, the report for Vigo to Salamanca (2 segments) says: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. So medium takes 1 turn for 2 segments. So if we send archers from Badajoz to Cordoba, they would take 1 turn. Knights would also take 1 turn. So we could send a mixed army of archers and knights from Badajoz directly to Cordoba. They would arrive next turn. That could capture Cordoba. But we need to ensure we have enough attack. Cordoba defense 13. If we send, say, 3 archers (attack 6) and 2 knights (attack 8) total attack 14. With counter? Cordoba's most numerous is spearman (5). If we send mostly archers? Our most numerous would be archers if we send more archers than knights. Archer counters spearman, so 1.5x. So 3 archers, 2 knights: most numerous is archers (3 vs 2). Attack: archers 3*2=6, knights 2*4=8, total 14. With counter 1.5x on the whole force? The rule: "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It says "your force", which might be the total attack? Or just the attacking troops? Usually it's the total effective attack. So 14 * 1.5 = 21, which is >13. So we would win. But we need to consider that the defender's defense is 13. So we win. However, we also need to consider that the army from Badajoz is currently at Badajoz. We can send them. But we also need to reinforce Badajoz? We have troops arriving from Sevilha (4s,4a) next turn. So Badajoz will be reinforced. We can send some troops away.

But we also need to consider that we might want to attack Teruel. Teruel has defense 38. That's a lot. We need a strong army. We could send from Toledo or from somewhere else. Toledo has 6s. We could send them, but they would die. We need to build up Toledo. We can send troops from Badajoz to Toledo to reinforce it, then next turn attack Teruel from Toledo. Or we could send from Badajoz directly to Teruel? Badajoz to Teruel: path? Badajoz to Toledo (1 turn), Toledo to Teruel (1 turn). So 2 segments. Medium troops might take 1 turn. So we could send archers/knights from Badajoz to Teruel. But Teruel has a strong garrison. We need to calculate if we can win. Teruel garrison: 10s, 2a, 3k. Effective defense 38. To beat 38, we need attack > 38 (or with counter). If we send mostly archers, we get 1.5x. So we need base attack > 38/1.5 = 25.34. So about 26 attack. That's 13 archers, or 7 knights (attack 28, but knights counter archers; defender's most numerous is spearman, so knights do not counter spearman; actually, knight counters archer, so if defender has most numerous spearman, knights do not get counter. So knights would not get 1.5x. So we should send archers to counter the spearmen. So we need about 13 archers. Do we have 13 archers available? Our total archers across all villages: Lisboa 6, Santarem 6, Evora 3, Salamanca 8, Porto 2, Badajoz 3, etc. Total maybe around 28. But we can only send from one village at a time to combine. We could send from a village that has many archers. Salamanca has 8 archers. If we send them from Salamanca to Teruel? Salamanca to Teruel: path? Salamanca to Madrid (1 turn), Madrid to ? Madrid connects to [17] Zaragoza, [14] Burgos, [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo. Not directly to Teruel. So Salamanca to Teruel would be Salamanca -> Madrid -> ? Actually, Madrid to Teruel? Madrid connects to [12] itself, [7], [8], [14], [17]. Teruel is [13], connected to [8], [16], [17], [18]. So from Madrid, you can go to Toledo [8] then to Teruel? Or Madrid to Zaragoza [17] then to Teruel? That's longer. So Salamanca to Teruel is not direct. Better to attack Teruel from Toledo. Toledo has 6s. We can send troops from other villages to Toledo, then from Toledo to Teruel. But that takes time.

Given the complexity, maybe we should focus on capturing Madrid, Cordoba, and Burgos first, then assess. We can also send troops to reinforce our border villages.

Let's think about what the enemy might do. They have armies marching to Teruel. They might be reinforcing it. They could also attack our villages. Which villages are vulnerable? Toledo has low defense (15). Salamanca has 38. If the enemy attacks from Teruel, they could hit Toledo. Or from Madrid? Madrid is empty now, but if we take it, they might attack it. We should reinforce Toledo. We can send troops from Badajoz to Toledo. Badajoz has 12s, 3a, 2k. We can send some to Toledo. How many? We want to make Toledo strong. We could send, say, 4s, 2a, 1k? Or all of them? But we need to keep some in Badajoz for defense and future offensives. Badajoz will receive 4s,4a from Sevilha next turn. So it will have more. We can send a good portion.

Also, we should build troops in our villages to increase our numbers. We have many villages with resources. We should build spearmen and archers mainly, because they are cheaper and we need numbers. Knights are expensive but powerful. We can build a few knights.

Let's decide on builds for this turn. We need to specify build orders for each village. We can build multiple units per village. We should build what we can afford with current resources.

Let's list each village's current resources and what they can build:

[0] Lisboa: wood 30, iron 130. Can build: 
- spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron. Max 2 (30 wood). 
- archer: 20 wood, 10 iron. Max 1 (20 wood, 10 iron) leaves 10 wood, 120 iron. Then could build another? 10 wood not enough for archer (20). Could build spearman with 10 wood? No, spearman needs 15. So only 1 archer.
- knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. Max 1 (30 wood, 30 iron). 
We could build 1 knight and 1 archer? 30+20=50 wood, but only 30 wood. So not both. We could build 1 knight (30 wood) and have 0 wood, 100 iron. Or 1 archer (20 wood) and 1 spearman (15 wood) = 35 wood, too much. So only 1 archer or 1 knight or 2 spearmen. Which is best? Knights are powerful but we need to use them wisely. We might want to build archers because they counter spearmen and have high attack. Lisboa already has 6 archers and 1 knight at home. Building another archer would give 7 archers. Building a knight would give 2 knights. We could build 2 spearmen to fill out. I think building 1 archer is good because archers are versatile. But we also need to consider what we can send. Lisboa is interior, so we can send troops north. We might want to send them to reinforce Salamanca or Toledo. But travel time: from Lisboa to Salamanca? Lisboa connects to [1] Santarem and [2] Evora. To get to Salamanca, they'd have to go through Santarem or Evora, then to Coimbra or Badajoz, etc. That's many turns. So troops from Lisboa might take a while to reach the front. We should probably build in villages closer to the front, like Badajoz, Salamanca, Toledo, Porto, etc. But Lisboa has a lot of iron (130). It can build knights efficiently. We might build knights there and send them when we can. But for this turn, we might just build something to keep the economy going. Let's build 1 knight in Lisboa? Or 2 spearmen? Actually, we can build 1 knight and have 0 wood, but next turn we get 30 wood, so we can build another. Knights are expensive but we need them for strong attacks. However, we might need archers more for countering spearmen. Let's see the enemy: Teruel has many spearmen. So archers are good. But we also need to defend against enemy knights? We don't know. Let's build a mix. I'll build 1 archer in Lisboa. That uses 20 wood, 10 iron. Leaves 10 wood, 120 iron. Next turn we can build more.

[1] Santarem: wood 30, iron 150. Can build: 
- spearman: 2 (30 wood)
- archer: 1 (20 wood, 10 iron) leaves 10 wood, 140 iron.
- knight: 1 (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 0 wood, 120 iron.
We could build 1 knight and 0 wood left. Or 1 archer and 1 spearman? 20+15=35 wood >30. So no. We could build 2 spearmen. Santarem has 8s, 6a at home. Building 2 spearmen gives 10s, 6a. That's a good mix. Or build an archer to get 8s, 7a. I think building 2 spearmen is fine because spearmen are cheap and we need numbers. But we also need to consider what we can send. Santarem is interior. It can send troops to Coimbra or Badajoz. We might want to send them north. Let's build 2 spearmen.

[2] Evora: wood 30, iron 180. Can build: similar. Has 8s, 3a. Build 2 spearmen? Or 1 archer? Let's build 2 spearmen.

[3] Coimbra: wood 30, iron 150. Has 6s. Already marching 2s,3a to [7]. So available to send now: 6s. We can build more. Build 2 spearmen? Or 1 archer? Coimbra is connected to Salamanca. We might want to send troops to Salamanca. Let's build 2 spearmen.

[4] Badajoz: wood 30, iron 130. Has 12s, 3a, 2k. Already marching 4s,3a,1k to [7]. So available: 12s, 3a, 2k. We can build more. Badajoz has 30 wood, 130 iron. It can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 35 wood >30. So only 1 archer or 1 knight or 2 spearmen. Let's build 1 knight? Or 2 spearmen? Badajoz is a major staging ground. We might want to build archers. Let's build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). That gives 12s, 4a, 2k at home (after marching out? Wait, the marching out troops are already gone. So the current home troops are 12s, 3a, 2k. After building 1 archer, we have 12s, 4a, 2k. Then we can send some away. We need to decide what to send.

[5] Faro: wood 30, iron 150. Has 6s. Build 2 spearmen.

[6] Porto: wood 30, iron 130. Has 13s, 2a. Build 2 spearmen? Or 1 archer? Let's build 2 spearmen to have 15s, 2a. Or build 1 archer to get 13s, 3a. Since we might want to send archers, let's build 1 archer.

[7] Salamanca: wood 30, iron 60. Has 6s, 8a, 1k. Build: can build 2 spearmen (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + maybe? Iron 60, so can build archers. Let's build 1 archer? Actually, Salamanca has 30 wood. It can build 2 spearmen (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood) and have 10 wood left. Or 1 knight? Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. It has 60 iron, so can build 1 knight. But we might want more archers. Salamanca is a border village. We should build what we need for defense and attack. Since it has many archers already, building another archer gives 9a. Building 2 spearmen gives 8s. Let's build 1 archer and 1 spearman? 20+15=35 wood >30. So no. We could build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). That gives 6s, 8a, 2k. That's a good mix. Or build 2 spearmen. I think building 1 knight is good because knights are powerful and we have iron. Let's build 1 knight.

[8] Toledo: wood 40, iron 90. Has 6s. Already marching 8s,1a,1k to [12]. So home: 6s. We need to rebuild Toledo. It has 40 wood, 90 iron. Can build: 2 spearmen (30 wood), or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron), or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 spearman? 30+15=45 >40. So 1 knight and 0 wood left? 30 wood, 30 iron leaves 10 wood, 60 iron. Then next turn can build more. Or 2 archers: 40 wood, 20 iron. That uses all wood. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 35 wood, leaves 5 wood. Let's build 2 archers. That gives Toledo 6s, 2a. That's a good start. But we might want to build spearmen too. Actually, we need to have a balanced army. Let's build 1 knight and 1 spearman? 30+15=45 wood >40. So no. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 10 wood, 60 iron. That gives 6s, 1k. Then we can build something else next turn. But we need troops now. I'll build 2 archers because they have high attack and counter spearmen. So Toledo will have 6s, 2a.

[9] Sevilha: wood 40, iron 90. Has 6s. Already marching 4s,4a to [4]. So home: 6s? Actually, it has 6s at home, and marching out 4s,4a. So after marching, it will have 2s left? Wait, the report says: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 6 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight" and "already marching out (NOT available): 4 spearmen, 4 archers". So the home troops are 6s. The marching troops are separate. So currently at home: 6s. We can build more. Sevilha has 40 wood, 90 iron. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight + 1 spearman? 30+15=45 >40. Or 2 spearmen (30 wood) + 1 archer? 30+20=50 >40. So 2 archers or 2 spearmen + 10 wood left? Actually, 2 spearmen = 30 wood, leaves 10 wood. Could also build 1 archer (20 wood) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 35 wood. Let's build 2 archers to get 6s, 2a. Or build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and have 10 wood left. I think building 2 archers is good.

[10] Vigo: wood 40, iron 90. Has 6s. Build 2 archers? Or 1 knight? Vigo is near Burgos. We might want to attack Burgos. Burgos has spearmen, so archers are good. Let's build 2 archers. That gives 6s, 2a.

Now, movements: we need to decide where to send the available troops from each village. We should send them to reinforce border villages or to attack.

We have the following available to send (after building, we might have more, but the build orders will increase the home troops, and we can send them next turn? Actually, builds are ready in 1 turn. So if we build this turn, the new troops will be available next turn. So for this turn's movements, we can only send the troops that are currently at home (the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" numbers). The builds we order this turn will not be available to send until next turn. So we need to decide movements based on current available troops.

Let's list current available troops (from report) for each village, and we can decide to send some of them. We don't have to send all; we can leave some for defense.

We need to consider where to send them. The main fronts:
- Madrid: we already have an army marching there. We don't need to send more this turn.
- Teruel: we might want to attack, but we need a strong army. We could send from Toledo? Toledo has 6s available. If we send them to Teruel, they will arrive next turn. But 6s alone won't beat Teruel (defense 38). So we shouldn't send just 6s; they'd be wasted. We could send from somewhere else to combine? But they fight separately. So we need to send a strong army from one village. Which village has enough attack to beat Teruel? None currently have close to 38 attack. Salamanca has 6s,8a,1k: attack = 6*1 + 8*2 + 1*4 = 6+16+4=26. With counter? If we send from Salamanca to Teruel, the path is long. Salamanca to Teruel: Salamanca -> Madrid -> ? Actually, Madrid to Teruel? Madrid connects to [8] Toledo and [17] Zaragoza. To get to Teruel from Madrid, you'd go Madrid -> Toledo -> Teruel? Or Madrid -> Zaragoza -> Teruel? Either way, it's multiple segments. So travel time would be at least 2-3 turns. So not good. We could send from Badajoz: Badajoz has 12s,3a,2k: attack = 12+6+8=26. Same. Not enough for Teruel. We need to build up more. So we should not attack Teruel yet. We should reinforce our villages and prepare for a larger offensive next turn or later.

- Cordoba: neutral, defense 13. We can attack it from Toledo or Sevilha. Toledo has 6s (attack 6) - not enough. Sevilha has 6s (attack 6) - not enough. Badajoz has 26 attack, but Badajoz to Cordoba is 2 segments. If we send Badajoz's troops to Cordoba, they would take 1 turn if they are medium/fast. But Badajoz has spearmen (slow). A mixed army marches at the speed of the slowest. So if we send spearmen, they are slow. The travel time from Badajoz to Cordoba: Badajoz to Toledo (1 turn for slow? Actually, report: from Badajoz to Toledo: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So slow takes 1 turn. Then Toledo to Cordoba: likely 1 slow turn. So total 2 slow turns. So spearmen would take 2 turns. Archers and knights would take 1 turn? For 2 segments, medium takes 1 turn (like Vigo to Salamanca). So if we send only archers and knights from Badajoz, they would take 1 turn. But we need to send a mix? We can send just the archers and knights: 3a, 2k. Attack = 3*2 + 2*4 = 6+8=14. With counter? Cordoba has 5s, so archers counter. If we send mostly archers? 3 archers vs 2 knights: most numerous is archers. So counter bonus 1.5x. Effective attack = 14 * 1.5 = 21 > 13. So that would win. But we need to send them from Badajoz. Are they available? Badajoz available: 12s, 3a, 2k. We can send the 3a and 2k, leaving the spearmen. That's a good idea. We can send them to Cordoba. They will arrive in 1 turn (since medium/fast). So next turn, they will attack Cordoba and capture it. That's a great plan. We should do that: send 3 archers and 2 knights from Badajoz to Cordoba.

But wait: Cordoba is connected to Toledo [8] and Sevilha [9] and Murcia [15]. The path from Badajoz to Cordoba: Badajoz -> Toledo -> Cordoba. Since Toledo is ours, the army will pass through Toledo without stopping. So they will go Badajoz -> Toledo -> Cordoba. The travel time: Badajoz to Toledo: 1 turn for all speeds? Actually, report says from Badajoz to Toledo: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. So that's 1 turn. Then Toledo to Cordoba: we need to know the distance. The report doesn't give Toledo to Cordoba directly, but it gives Toledo to Madrid: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. Since Cordoba is also connected to Toledo, it's likely also 1 turn for all speeds. So total from Badajoz to Cordoba: 2 segments. For medium troops, 2 segments take 1 turn (as per Vigo to Salamanca example). So archers and knights will take 1 turn. Spearmen would take 2 turns. So if we send only archers and knights, they arrive next turn. That's perfect.

But we must ensure that the army doesn't stop at Toledo. Since Toledo is ours, they won't stop. They will continue to Cordoba. However, Cordoba is neutral. So they will stop at Cordoba and fight. Good.

So movement: from [4] Badajoz to [11] Cordoba, send 3 archers, 2 knights. (We can't send spearmen because they would slow it down and take 2 turns, and we want them to arrive next turn. Also, we might want to keep spearmen for other purposes.)

But wait: Badajoz has 12s, 3a, 2k available. If we send 3a, 2k, we leave 12s. That's fine. But we also need to consider that Badajoz is already sending 4s,3a,1k to Salamanca. That's a separate march. So Badajoz's current home troops are 12s,3a,2k. We can send some of them to Cordoba. The 4s,3a,1k are already on the way to Salamanca; they are not at home. So we can send the 3a,2k to Cordoba. That's allowed.

What about the spearmen? We might want to send some to reinforce Toledo or Salamanca. We can send spearmen from Badajoz to Toledo (1 turn) or to Salamanca (1 turn). Let's consider.

We also have other villages that can send troops. Let's think about reinforcing Toledo. Toledo currently has 6s at home. It is vulnerable. We can send troops from Badajoz to Toledo. Badajoz to Toledo is 1 turn for all speeds. We can send some spearmen from Badajoz to Toledo. For example, send 4 spearmen from Badajoz to Toledo. That would give Toledo 10s. But we might want to send archers too? We could send archers, but we are sending the archers to Cordoba. We could send some spearmen to Toledo. Let's send 4 spearmen from Badajoz to Toledo. That uses 4 of the 12s.

We also need to reinforce Salamanca. Salamanca is already receiving 4s,3a,1k from Badajoz and 2s,3a from Coimbra. That's 6s,6a,1k arriving. Salamanca currently has 6s,8a,1k. So next turn it will have 12s,14a,2k. That's strong. We might not need to send more there this turn. But we could send from somewhere else. For example, Porto has 13s,2a. We could send some to Salamanca? Porto to Salamanca is 1 turn (direct). We could send, say, 4s from Porto to Salamanca. But Salamanca will already be strong. Maybe we should send from Porto to Vigo to prepare for Burgos attack.

Let's plan the movements:

Goal for this turn:
- Capture Cordoba next turn by sending archers/knights from Badajoz.
- Capture Madrid next turn (already marching).
- Prepare to capture Burgos: we need to attack Burgos from Vigo or from Porto directly. Vigo has 6s. We can send reinforcements to Vigo from Porto. Porto has 13s,2a. We can send, say, 6s and 2a from Porto to Vigo? That would give Vigo 12s,2a. Then next turn, from Vigo we can attack Burgos. But we need to have enough attack to beat Burgos (defense 13). With 12s,2a: attack = 12*1 + 2*2 = 16. Without counter? Burgos has 5s, so most numerous is spearman. If we attack with mostly spearmen (12 vs 2), no counter bonus. So attack 16 > 13, we win. So that works. But we could also send archers to get counter bonus. If we send mostly archers, we need fewer. But we have more spearmen. Let's send from Porto to Vigo: maybe 6s, 2a? Or all 13s,2a? If we send all, Vigo would have 19s,2a. That's a lot. But we need to keep some in Porto for defense? Porto is interior, no enemy border. So it's safe. We can send most of its troops. Let's send 10s, 2a from Porto to Vigo. That leaves 3s in Porto. Then Vigo will have 6s (own) + 10s,2a = 16s,2a. Then next turn, from Vigo to Burgos, we can send, say, 12s,2a? That would be attack 12+4=16, win. Or we could send from Porto directly to Burgos? If we send from Porto to Burgos, the path is Porto -> Vigo -> Burgos. Since Vigo is ours, they won't stop. They will go through. But if we send from Porto to Burgos, the troops will march and arrive at Burgos. The travel time: Porto to Vigo is 1 turn, Vigo to Burgos is 1 turn. For slow troops, that's 2 turns. For medium, maybe 1 turn? If we send archers, they might arrive in 1 turn. But we have mostly spearmen. So if we send spearmen, they take 2 turns. So it's better to send them to Vigo first (1 turn), then next turn from Vigo to Burgos (1 turn). That way, we can combine with Vigo's own troops and launch a unified attack. Also, we can build in Vigo this turn to add to the garrison.

So let's plan:
- From Porto [6] to Vigo [10]: send 10 spearmen, 2 archers. (Porto has 13s,2a available; we send 10s,2a, leaving 3s).
- From Badajoz [4] to Toledo [8]: send 4 spearmen. (Badajoz has 12s,3a,2k; we send 4s, and also 3a,2k to Cordoba. So total sent from Badajoz: 4s to Toledo, 3a,2k to Cordoba. That uses 4s,3a,2k. Leaves 8s. Badajoz also has marching out 4s,3a,1k to Salamanca. So Badajoz will have 8s at home after these sends.)
- From Badajoz [4] to Cordoba [11]: send 3 archers, 2 knights.
- From Coimbra [3] to Salamanca [7]: already marching 2s,3a. We could send more? Coimbra has 6s available. We could send some to Salamanca. But Salamanca is getting enough. Maybe send to Toledo instead? Coimbra to Toledo: path? Coimbra to Salamanca (1 turn), Salamanca to Madrid (1), Madrid to Toledo (1)? That's long. Coimbra to Porto (1), Porto to Vigo (1), Vigo to Burgos? Not to Toledo. So Coimbra is better for reinforcing Salamanca. Let's send 2s from Coimbra to Salamanca? Coimbra has 6s. We can send 2s to Salamanca, leaving 4s. Or send all 6s? Salamanca will have a lot. Let's send 4s from Coimbra to Salamanca. That gives Salamanca more.
- From Sevilha [9]: it has 6s available. Where to send? Sevilha connects to Cordoba [11] and Badajoz [4] and Faro [5]. We could send to Cordoba to help? But we already have Badajoz sending to Cordoba. If we send from Sevilha to Cordoba, they would fight separately. Not good. We could send to Badajoz to reinforce it. Sevilha to Badajoz is 1 turn (direct? Road: [9] Sevilha connects to [4] Badajoz. Yes, direct. So we can send from Sevilha to Badajoz. Badajoz is our main staging ground. Let's send 4s from Sevilha to Badajoz. That leaves 2s in Sevilha.
- From Evora [2]: has 8s,3a. Connects to Lisboa [0] and Faro [5]. We could send to Faro, then to Sevilha? That's indirect. Or send to Lisboa? Lisboa is interior. Maybe send to Faro? Faro has 6s. We could send from Evora to Faro to reinforce Faro, then Faro can send to Sevilha? But that's many turns. Better to send from Evora to Badajoz? Evora to Badajoz: path? Evora connects to [0] Lisboa and [5] Faro. To get to Badajoz, Evora -> Faro -> Badajoz? Faro connects to Badajoz? Road: [5] Faro connects to [2] Evora, [4] Badajoz, [9] Sevilha. So Evora to Faro to Badajoz is 2 segments. Slow troops would take 2 turns. So not great. We could send from Evora to Lisboa, but that's away from front. Maybe we should just keep Evora's troops for later. We can build there and send when we have a clear path. For now, let's not send from Evora.
- From Santarem [1]: has 8s,6a. Connects to Lisboa, Coimbra, Badajoz. We can send to Badajoz directly? Santarem to Badajoz: road? [1] Santarem connects to [4] Badajoz? Yes, direct! The road network says: [1] Santarem: [0], [3], [4]. So Santarem to Badajoz is direct. So we can send from Santarem to Badajoz in 1 turn. Badajoz is our main staging ground. We should send troops from Santarem to Badajoz. Santarem has 8s,6a. We can send, say, 6s,4a to Badajoz. That leaves 2s,2a. Or send all? Let's send 6s,4a to Badajoz.
- From Lisboa [0]: has 4s,6a,1k. Connects to Santarem and Evora. To get to Badajoz, Lisboa -> Santarem -> Badajoz (2 segments). Slow troops 2 turns. We could send to Santarem first. But we might want to keep them for now. Let's not send from Lisboa this turn.
- From Salamanca [7]: has 6s,8a,1k. We could send some to Madrid? But Madrid is being taken by the Toledo army. If we send from Salamanca to Madrid, they would fight separately? Actually, Madrid has 0 troops. If we send from Salamanca to Madrid, they would arrive and capture it. But the Toledo army is also going there. Since they fight separately, one will capture it, the other will arrive and find it friendly? But since they are simultaneous, it's messy. Better to wait until Madrid is ours, then send reinforcements. So don't send to Madrid this turn. We could send from Salamanca to somewhere else? Salamanca to Toledo? Road: Salamanca to Toledo? Salamanca connects to [3], [4], [6], [12]. Toledo is [8]. Not directly connected. Path: Salamanca -> Madrid -> Toledo? Or Salamanca -> Badajoz -> Toledo. That's 2 turns. So not good for immediate reinforcement. We could send from Salamanca to Coimbra or Porto? But those are ours and interior. Not needed. So we should keep Salamanca's troops for defense and future attacks. We might not send from Salamanca this turn.
- From Toledo [8]: has 6s. We are already sending 8s,1a,1k to Madrid. So Toledo's home troops are 6s. We could send them to somewhere? They are slow. We could send them to Cordoba? But we already have Badajox sending archers/knights to Cordoba. If we send spearmen from Toledo to Cordoba, they would take 1 turn (slow) and fight separately. They might not be enough. Better to keep them in Toledo for defense. Or we could send them to reinforce Badajoz? Toledo to Badajoz is 1 turn. But Badajoz is getting plenty. Let's keep them in Toledo.
- From Vigo [10]: has 6s. We are receiving from Porto. We might want to send from Vigo to Burgos this turn? But Vigo only has 6s, attack 6 < defense 13, so they would lose. So we should not send them yet. We should wait for reinforcements from Porto. So don't send from Vigo this turn.

So summary of movements:
- [4] Badajox to [11] Cordoba: 3 archers, 2 knights.
- [4] Badajox to [8] Toledo: 4 spearmen.
- [6] Porto to [10] Vigo: 10 spearmen, 2 archers.
- [1] Santarem to [4] Badajox: 6 spearmen, 4 archers.
- [9] Sevilha to [4] Badajox: 4 spearmen.
- [3] Coimbra to [7] Salamanca: 4 spearmen (or maybe 2? Let's decide: Coimbra has 6s. Send 4s to Salamanca, leave 2s.)
- [2] Evora: no send.
- [0] Lisboa: no send.
- [7] Salamanca: no send.
- [8] Toledo: no send (already marching out).
- [10] Vigo: no send.

We also need to consider that we have troops already marching: from [8] to [12] (8s,1a,1k), from [4] to [7] (4s,3a,1k), from [3] to [7] (2s,3a), from [9] to [4] (4s,4a). These will happen regardless.

Now, builds: we decided on builds for each village. Let's finalize builds:

[0] Lisboa: build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). New troops: +1 archer.
[1] Santarem: build 2 spearmen (30 wood). New troops: +2 spearmen.
[2] Evora: build 2 spearmen (30 wood). New troops: +2 spearmen.
[3] Coimbra: build 2 spearmen (30 wood). New troops: +2 spearmen.
[4] Badajoz: build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). New troops: +1 archer.
[5] Faro: build 2 spearmen (30 wood). New troops: +2 spearmen.
[6] Porto: build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). New troops: +1 archer.
[7] Salamanca: build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). New troops: +1 knight.
[8] Toledo: build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). New troops: +2 archers.
[9] Sevilha: build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). New troops: +2 archers.
[10] Vigo: build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). New troops: +2 archers.

Check resources: each village's wood and iron after build? We don't need to track exactly, but we must ensure they can pay now. The report gives current resources. We only order builds that they can pay for now. Let's verify each:

[0] Lisboa: wood 30, iron 130. 1 archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. OK.
[1] Santarem: wood 30, iron 150. 2 spearmen cost 30 wood. OK.
[2] Evora: wood 30, iron 180. 2 spearmen cost 30 wood. OK.
[3] Coimbra: wood 30, iron 150. 2 spearmen cost 30 wood. OK.
[4] Badajoz: wood 30, iron 130. 1 archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. OK.
[5] Faro: wood 30, iron 150. 2 spearmen cost 30 wood. OK.
[6] Porto: wood 30, iron 130. 1 archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. OK.
[7] Salamanca: wood 30, iron 60. 1 knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. OK.
[8] Toledo: wood 40, iron 90. 2 archers cost 40 wood, 20 iron. OK.
[9] Sevilha: wood 40, iron 90. 2 archers cost 40 wood, 20 iron. OK.
[10] Vigo: wood 40, iron 90. 2 archers cost 40 wood, 20 iron. OK.

All builds are affordable.

Now, movements: we need to specify the exact number of troops for each movement. We must only send troops that are available. Let's double-check available troops for each sending village, considering that some have troops already marching out. The "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" in the report is the number we can send this turn. Those numbers already exclude the marching out troops. So we can use those numbers.

Let's list the available troops again from the report:

[0] Lisboa: 4s, 6a, 1k. (We are not sending)
[1] Santarem: 8s, 6a. We plan to send 6s, 4a. That's within available.
[2] Evora: 8s, 3a. Not sending.
[3] Coimbra: 6s. We plan to send 4s. OK.
[4] Badajoz: 12s, 3a, 2k. We plan to send: to Cordoba: 3a, 2k; to Toledo: 4s. Total sent: 4s, 3a, 2k. Leaves 8s. OK.
[5] Faro: 6s. Not sending.
[6] Porto: 13s, 2a. We plan to send 10s, 2a to Vigo. Leaves 3s. OK.
[7] Salamanca: 6s, 8a, 1k. Not sending.
[8] Toledo: 6s. Not sending (already marching out 8s,1a,1k).
[9] Sevilha: 6s. We plan to send 4s to Badajoz. Leaves 2s. OK.
[10] Vigo: 6s. Not sending.

We also need to consider if we should send from somewhere else to reinforce Madrid after it's captured? Not this turn.

What about the army from [8] to [12]? It's already ordered. We don't need to include it in movements because it's already on the march. The report lists it under "ARMIES ON THE MARCH". So we don't need to re-issue that order. Our movements are only for new orders.

Now, let's think about the plan for next turn. After this turn, the following will happen:
- Our builds will complete, adding troops to home villages.
- Our movements will send troops to various destinations.
- The existing marches will arrive:
  - 8s,1a,1k from [8] to [12] Madrid: arrives in 1 turn. So they will capture Madrid (unless enemy defends? Madrid has 0 troops, so capture).
  - 4s,3a,1k from [4] to [7] Salamanca: arrives.
  - 2s,3a from [3] to [7] Salamanca: arrives.
  - 4s,4a from [9] to [4] Badajoz: arrives.
- Enemy movements: unknown. They have armies marching to Teruel. They might also attack somewhere.

After this turn, we will have:
- Madrid captured (12th village).
- Cordoba: our army (3a,2k) from Badajoz will arrive and attack Cordoba. Cordoba has 5s, defense 13. Our attack: 3a (6) + 2k (8) = 14. Counter: most numerous archer (3) vs defender's spearman (5) -> archer counters spearman, so 1.5x. Effective attack = 21 > 13. We win, capture Cordoba. So we get Cordoba (13th village).
- Burgos: our reinforcements from Porto (10s,2a) will arrive at Vigo. Vigo will have its own 6s + new 2 archers (from build) + arriving 10s,2a = 16s, 2a? Wait, Vigo's build adds 2 archers, so Vigo home becomes 6s + 2a = 6s,2a. Then arriving from Porto: 10s,2a. So total at Vigo next turn: 16s, 4a? Actually, the arriving troops join the garrison. So Vigo will have 6s (original) + 2a (built) + 10s,2a (arriving) = 16s, 4a. That's a strong force. Then we can next turn send from Vigo to Burgos.
- Salamanca: receives 4s,3a,1k from Badajoz, 2s,3a from Coimbra, plus its own 6s,8a,1k and build 1k -> total: 6s+4s+2s=12s; 8a+3a+3a=14a; 1k+1k+1k=3k? Wait, Salamanca had 1k, build 1k -> 2k, plus arriving 1k from Badajoz -> 3k. So Salamanca: 12s, 14a, 3k. Very strong.
- Badajoz: receives 4s,4a from Sevilha, plus 6s,4a from Santarem, plus 4s from Sevilha? Wait, we sent from Sevilha 4s, from Santarem 6s,4a. Also Badajoz built 1a. And Badajoz had 12s,3a,2k at home, but we sent away 4s,3a,2k. So Badajoz home after sending: 8s, 0a? Actually, we sent 3a,2k, so home had 12s, 0a, 0k? Wait, original home: 12s,3a,2k. We send 4s,3a,2k. So remaining: 8s, 0a, 0k. Then build 1a -> 8s, 1a. Then arriving from Sevilha: 4s,4a -> total 12s, 5a. Arriving from Santarem: 6s,4a -> total 18s, 9a. Arriving from Sevilha? We already counted Sevilha. Also, Badajoz had marching out 4s,3a,1k to Salamanca; that's already gone. So Badajoz next turn: 18s, 9a. That's a lot of spearmen and archers. Good staging ground.
- Toledo: receives 4s from Badajoz. Toledo home: 6s, plus build 2a -> 6s,2a. Plus arriving 4s -> 10s,2a. Also, Toledo had marching out 8s,1a,1k to Madrid; those are gone. So Toledo: 10s,2a.
- Coimbra: sent 4s to Salamanca, built 2s. Home: original 6s -4s sent = 2s, +2s built = 4s. Also marching out 2s,3a to Salamanca (already gone). So Coimbra: 4s.
- Porto: sent 10s,2a to Vigo, built 1a. Home: original 13s,2a -10s,2a = 3s,0a, +1a built = 3s,1a.
- Sevilha: sent 4s to Badajoz, built 2a. Home: original 6s -4s = 2s, +2a built = 2s,2a. Also marching out 4s,4a to Badajoz (already gone). So Sevilha: 2s,2a.
- Santarem: sent 6s,4a to Badajoz, built 2s. Home: original 8s,6a -6s,4a = 2s,2a, +2s built = 4s,2a.
- Evora: built 2s. Home: 8s,3a +2s = 10s,3a.
- Faro: built 2s. Home: 6s +2s = 8s.
- Lisboa: built 1a. Home: 4s,6a,1k +1a = 4s,7a,1k.
- Vigo: as above, 16s,4a.

So we will have a strong army. Next turn, we can attack Burgos from Vigo, and also we might attack Teruel or other places.

We need to write the plan and statement.

Plan: We are focusing on capturing Madrid and Cordoba this turn (arriving next turn). We are reinforcing Vigo to prepare for capturing Burgos. We are moving troops from the south to the northern front, consolidating our forces in Badajoz, Salamanca, and Toledo. We must hold the line and continue building troops. Next turn, we will assess the situation after Madrid and Cordoba fall, and plan the push to Burgos and possibly Teruel.

Statement: "Our armies are on the move. The strike force from Toledo is about to take Madrid, while a swift archer and knight detachment from Badajoz will capture Cordoba. We are flooding our border villages with reinforcements from the southern lands, preparing for the next push into enemy territory. The enemy cannot stop our expansion."

Now, we need to format the JSON.

The JSON fields:
- build: list of objects with villageId, type, quantity.
- movements: list of objects with fromId, toId, troops (spearman, archer, knight).
- plan: string.
- statement: string.

Let's compile the build list:
[0] Lisboa: archer, 1
[1] Santarem: spearman, 2
[2] Evora: spearman, 2
[3] Coimbra: spearman, 2
[4] Badajoz: archer, 1
[5] Faro: spearman, 2
[6] Porto: archer, 1
[7] Salamanca: knight, 1
[8] Toledo: archer, 2
[9] Sevilha: archer, 2
[10] Vigo: archer, 2

Movements list:
1. from 4 to 11: archer 3, knight 2. (Cordoba)
2. from 4 to 8: spearman 4. (Toledo)
3. from 6 to 10: spearman 10, archer 2. (Vigo)
4. from 1 to 4: spearman 6, archer 4. (Badajoz)
5. from 9 to 4: spearman 4. (Badajoz)
6. from 3 to 7: spearman 4. (Salamanca)

Wait, we also had from Coimbra to Salamanca: we said 4s. But Coimbra has 6s available. We can send 4s. That's fine.

Double-check: Coimbra available: 6s. We send 4s. OK.

Now, are there any other movements? We didn't send from Evora, Lisboa, Salamanca, Toledo, Vigo, Faro. So that's it.

But wait: we have an army from [8] to [12] already marching. We don't need to include it.

Also, we have from [9] to [4] already marching (4s,4a). That's already on the way.

Now, let's ensure we are not sending troops that are already marching. The available numbers are correct.

One potential issue: from Badajoz to Cordoba, we send 3 archers, 2 knights. Badajoz available: 12s, 3a, 2k. So we send all archers and knights. That's fine. But we also send 4s to Toledo. So Badajoz sends total 4s, 3a, 2k. That leaves 8s. Good.

From Porto to Vigo: send 10s, 2a. Porto available: 13s, 2a. So we send 10s, 2a, leaving 3s. Good.

From Santarem to Badajoz: send 6s, 4a. Santarem available: 8s, 6a. So we send 6s, 4a, leaving 2s, 2a. Good.

From Sevilha to Badajoz: send 4s. Sevilha available: 6s. So send 4s, leaving 2s. Good.

From Coimbra to Salamanca: send 4s. Coimbra available: 6s. So send 4s, leaving 2s. Good.

All movements are within available.

Now, let's consider if we should also send from somewhere to Madrid to secure it after capture? Not this turn.

What about the enemy? They might attack our border villages. We have reinforced Toledo (getting 4s from Badajoz) and Salamanca (getting lots). So they are better defended.

We should also consider that the enemy might attack Cordoba from their side? Cordoba is neutral, but if we attack it, the enemy might try to intervene? But the enemy is focused on Teruel. They have armies marching to Teruel. They might not have troops near Cordoba. Cordoba is connected to Sevilha (ours) and Toledo (ours) and Murcia (unexplored). So enemy could come from Murcia? But we don't know.

We'll see.

Now, write the plan and statement.

Plan: "This turn we focus on capturing Madrid and Cordoba. Our army from Toledo takes Madrid, while a fast archer/knight force from Badajoz captures Cordoba. We are moving southern troops north: Santarem and Sevilha send reinforcements to Badajoz, Porto sends troops to Vigo to prepare for the assault on Burgos. We also reinforce Toledo and Salamanca to secure the border. Next turn, after Madrid and Cordoba fall, we will have 13 villages. We will then push on Burgos and assess the enemy's strength in Teruel. We must keep building troops and maintain the offensive."

Statement: "Our forces are converging on the enemy's weak points. Madrid will fall to our Toledo vanguard, and Cordoba will be swift taken by our elite archers and knights. We are busily moving our southern reserves to the front, reinforcing our border castles and preparing the next strike. The enemy is on the back foot, and we will not stop until we hold the dominion we need."

Now, format JSON. Use village IDs as integers. Types: "spearman", "archer", "knight". Quantities as integers.

Let's write the JSON.

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 3, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 4, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 5, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 6, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 7, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 8, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 9, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 10, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 4, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 3, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 4, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 6, "toId": 10, "troops": {"spearman": 10, "archer": 2, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 1, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 6, "archer": 4, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 9, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 3, "toId": 7, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}}
  ],
  "plan": "This turn we focus on capturing Madrid and Cordoba. Our army from Toledo takes Madrid, while a fast archer/knight force from Badajoz captures Cordoba. We are moving southern troops North: Santarem and Sevilha send reinforcements to Badajoz, Porto sends troops to Vigo to prepare for the assault on Burgos. We also reinforce Toledo and Salamanca to secure the border. Next turn, after Madrid and Cordoba fall, we will have 13 villages. We will then push on Burgos and assess the enemy's strength in Teruel. We must keep building troops and maintain the offensive.",
  "statement": "Our forces are converging on the enemy's weak points. Madrid will fall to our Toledo vanguard, and Cordoba will be swift taken by our elite archers and knights. We are busily moving our southern reserves to the front, reinforcing our border castles and preparing the next strike. The enemy is on the back foot, and we will not stop until we hold the dominion we need."
}

Check if any movement has zero troops for all types? That would be invalid. All our movements have at least one troop type with non-zero.

Also, ensure we don't exceed available. We already checked.

One more thing: the report says "from [4] Badajoz to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So our movement from Badajoz to Toledo with 4 spearmen (slow) will take 1 turn? Actually, it says 1 slow turn, so spearmen take 1 turn. That's fine. They will arrive next turn.

From Badajoz to Cordoba: we send archers and knights (medium/fast). The travel time: Badajoz to Toledo is 1 turn for all, Toledo to Cordoba is likely 1 turn for all. But since we have medium/fast, they might take 1 turn total? As per the Vigo to Salamanca example, 2 segments take 1 turn for medium. So they should arrive next turn. Good.

From Porto to Vigo: direct, 1 turn for all speeds. So spearmen and archers take 1 turn. Good.

From Santarem to Badajoz: direct, 1 turn. Good.

From Sevilha to Badajoz: direct, 1 turn. Good.

From Coimbra to Salamanca: direct? Coimbra to Salamanca: road? [3] Coimbra connects to [7] Salamanca. Yes, direct. So 1 turn. Good.

All movements arrive next turn.

Now, we should also consider if we need to send troops from somewhere to defend against enemy attacks. The enemy has armies marching to Teruel. They might not attack us this turn. But we have reinforced Toledo and Salamanca. So we should be safe.

Let's finalize.

ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"arqueiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":4,"destinoId":11,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":4,"destinoId":8,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":6,"destinoId":10,"tropas":{"lanceiro":10,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":1,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"lanceiro":6,"arqueiro":4,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":9,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":3,"destinoId":7,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}}]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [6]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [7]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [8]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [8]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [9]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [9]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [10]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [10]
ACEITO envio [4]->[11]: 3A+2K (alvo neutra lanceiro)
ACEITO envio [4]->[8]: 4S
ACEITO envio [6]->[10]: 10S+2A
ACEITO envio [1]->[4]: 6S+4A
ACEITO envio [9]->[4]: 4S
ACEITO envio [3]->[7]: 4S
plano (volta no proximo prompt): This turn we focus on capturing Madrid and Cordoba. Our army from Toledo takes Madrid, while a fast archer/knight force from Badajoz captures Cordoba. We are moving southern troops North: Santarem and Sevilha send reinforcements to Badajoz, Porto sends troops to Vigo to prepare for the assault on Burgos. We also reinforce Toledo and Salamanca to secure the border. Next turn, after Madrid and Cordoba fall, we will have 13 villages. We will then push on Burgos and assess the enemy's strength in Teruel. We must keep building troops and maintain the offensive.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): Our forces are converging on the enemy's weak points. Madrid will fall to our Toledo vanguard, and Cordoba will be swift taken by our elite archers and knights. We are busily moving our southern reserves to the front, reinforcing our border castles and preparing the next strike. The enemy is on the back foot, and we will not stop until we hold the dominion we need.
########## TURNO 14 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4014 | resposta 12818 | raciocinio 12818 | finish content_filter | ms 196792
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B in a strategy game. I need to analyze the current state (Turn 14) and provide a JSON response with build orders, movement orders, a plan, and a statement.

Let's understand the current state:
- I hold 11 villages. I need 18 (75% of 24) for 2 consecutive turns to win, or eliminate all enemy villages.
- Villages I hold: Barcelona (22), Tarragona (21), Girona (23), Castellon (18), Zaragoza (17), Huesca (20), Valencia (16), Teruel (13), Madrid (12), Murcia (15), Pamplona (19).
- Enemy villages: Salamanca (7), Toledo (8). (Enemy capital is Lisboa (0), but not required to win).
- Neutral villages: Burgos (14), Cordoba (11), and unexplored ones: Badajoz (4), Porto (6), Vigo (10), Coimbra (3), Sevilha (9), Faro (5), Santarem (1), Lisboa (0), Evora (2).
- Enemy is King A.
- My capital is Barcelona (22). Enemy capital is Lisboa (0).

Current resources and troops:
- Barcelona: wood 30, iron 100. Troops: 2 spearman. Marching: 6 spearmen, 1 knight to Teruel (arrives in 1 turn), 4 spearmen, 1 knight to Teruel (arrives in 2 turns).
- Tarragona: wood 30, iron 90. Troops: 2 spearman.
- Girona: wood 30, iron 90. Troops: 2 spearman.
- Castellon: wood 30, iron 100. Troops: 2 spearman.
- Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 40. Troops: 20 (17 spearman, 3 knight).
- Huesca: wood 30, iron 90. Troops: 6 (4 spearman, 2 knight).
- Valencia: wood 30, iron 60. Troops: 6 (4 spearman, 2 knight).
- Teruel: wood 30, iron 80. Troops: 15 (10 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight). Border with Toledo (8).
- Madrid: wood 30, iron 20. Troops: 0. Border with Salamanca (7), Toledo (8), Burgos (14).
- Murcia: wood 0, iron 0. Troops: 5 (4 spearman, 1 knight). Border with Cordoba (11).
- Pamplona: wood 0, iron 0. Troops: 10 (5 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knight). Border with Burgos (14).

Enemy villages:
- Salamanca (7): garrison 6 spearmen, 8 archers, 1 knight. Defense 38.
- Toledo (8): garrison 6 spearmen. Defense 15.

Neutral villages:
- Burgos (14): garrison 5 spearmen. Defense 13.
- Cordoba (11): garrison 5 spearmen. Defense 13.

Marching troops:
- 2 spearmen from Barcelona to Teruel (arrives in 1 turn).
- 4 spearmen, 1 knight from Barcelona to Teruel (arrives in 2 turns).
- Enemy army marching toward Madrid (arrives in 1 turn).
- Enemy army marching toward Salamanca (arrives in 1 turn) - two armies.

Let's check the road network and distances.
- Teruel (13) connects to: 8 (Toledo), 16 (Valencia), 17 (Zaragoza), 18 (Castellon).
- Madrid (12) connects to: 7 (Salamanca), 8 (Toledo), 14 (Burgos), 17 (Zaragoza).
- Murcia (15) connects to: 11 (Cordoba), 16 (Valencia).
- Pamplona (19) connects to: 14 (Burgos), 17 (Zaragoza), 20 (Huesca).

I need to plan my moves and builds for this turn.

Goal: Capture more villages to reach 18.
Currently I have 11. Neutral villages: Burgos (14), Cordoba (11). If I capture both, I have 13. I need 5 more, but they are unexplored. The unexplored ones are: Badajoz (4), Porto (6), Vigo (10), Coimbra (3), Sevilha (9), Faro (5), Santarem (1), Lisboa (0), Evora (2). Total 9 unexplored + 2 enemy + 2 neutral = 13 non-owned. Total map has 24 villages. 11 + 2 enemy + 2 neutral + 9 unexplored = 24.
If I capture all neutrals and enemies, I get 11 + 2 + 2 = 15. Still need 3 more from the 9 unexplored. But some of those unexplored might be enemy or neutral. The enemy capital is Lisboa, so King A probably owns some of the unexplored ones, but the report says "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" only lists Salamanca and Toledo as ENEMY. The others are unexplored, but they could be enemy or neutral. The prompt says "eliminate every enemy village" is a win condition, so if I take Salamanca and Toledo, and maybe some others, I might win. But the main win condition is holding 18 for 2 consecutive turns.

Let's look at the front line.
- Teruel (13) faces Toledo (8). Toledo has 6 spearmen, defense 15. Teruel has 15 troops (10 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight).
- Madrid (12) faces Salamanca (7), Toledo (8), Burgos (14). Madrid has 0 troops! It's vulnerable. Enemy army marching toward Madrid arrives in 1 turn. I need to defend Madrid or it will fall.
- Murcia (15) faces Cordoba (11). Murcia has 5 troops.
- Pamplona (19) faces Burgos (14). Pamplona has 10 troops.

Enemy army marching toward Madrid: I don't know its composition, but it's arriving in 1 turn. If Madrid has 0 troops, the enemy will capture it unless I reinforce Madrid quickly.
Can I send troops to Madrid?
From Zaragoza (17) to Madrid (12): 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So 1 turn for knights, 1 turn for archers, 1 turn for spearmen? Wait, "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast? No, it usually means the travel time in turns for each speed. If it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns", it means 1 turn for all? Or does it mean 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast? Usually in these games, the numbers are the number of turns. If it's "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast", it means 1 turn regardless of speed. Let's check the text: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". This means it takes 1 turn for any troop type.
So I can send troops from Zaragoza to Madrid, and they will arrive in 1 turn. But the enemy army is also arriving in 1 turn. Simultaneous orders mean the enemy writes their orders at the same time as me. If the enemy is already marching, they will arrive. If I send troops now, they will also arrive in 1 turn. Will they fight? The enemy army is marching toward Madrid. If I send troops to Madrid, they arrive and garrison it. Then the enemy arrives and fights. Or do they fight on the road? The enemy is marching to Madrid, so they will attack Madrid. If I send reinforcements, they arrive and join the garrison. The garrison then defends.
Wait, Madrid currently has 0 troops. If the enemy arrives and there are no troops, they capture it. If I send troops, they arrive and defend.
Let's see what troops I can send to Madrid.
Zaragoza has 20 troops: 17 spearman, 3 knight. I can send some.
Also, from Pamplona (19) to Madrid? No, Pamplona connects to Burgos (14), Zaragoza (17), Huesca (20). Not directly to Madrid.
From Teruel (13) to Madrid? Teruel connects to 8, 16, 17, 18. Not directly to Madrid.
So only Zaragoza (17) can send to Madrid directly? Let's check the road network.
[12] Madrid: [7], [8], [14], [17]. So only 17 (Zaragoza) connects to Madrid among my villages.
So I must send from Zaragoza to Madrid.
How many troops? The enemy army marching toward Madrid is unknown, but it could be strong. Salamanca has 6 spearmen, 8 archers, 1 knight. The army marching to Madrid might be similar or a raiding party. I should send a decent force. Zaragoza has 17 spearman and 3 knight. Spearman are cheap but weak against archers. I should send some knights and spearmen. Let's send 10 spearman and 2 knight? Or all 17 spearman and 3 knight? I need to keep some in Zaragoza for other purposes, but Madrid is critical. If Madrid falls, I lose a village and my front line collapses.
Wait, the enemy army marching toward Madrid: is it the one from Salamanca? The report says "enemy army marching toward [12] Madrid - YOUR village - arrives in 1 turn". It doesn't say where it's from. But it's likely from Salamanca or Toledo.
Let's check the enemy's possible route to Madrid. Salamanca (7) connects to Madrid (12). Toledo (8) connects to Madrid (12). So the enemy army could be from either.
I need to defend Madrid. Let's send all available troops from Zaragoza to Madrid: 17 spearman, 3 knight. That's 20 troops. Effective defense of Madrid is 0, but if I garrison it, the defense will be the troops' defense. Wait, the effective defense of Madrid is listed as 0. That means it has no troops and no buildings? Or the defense bonus is 0? "effective defense (location bonus included): 0". That's weird. Maybe it's a plain village with no defense bonus? Or maybe it's just 0 because it's empty. In any case, I need to put troops there.
Let's send 15 spearman and 3 knight from Zaragoza to Madrid. That leaves 2 spearman in Zaragoza.
Wait, Zaragoza has 20 troops at home. I can send up to 17 spearman and 3 knight. Let's send 17 spearman and 3 knight. That's 20 troops. But I need to consider the cap: 300 per village, so no issue.
But wait, the enemy army is arriving in 1 turn. My troops from Zaragoza will also arrive in 1 turn. They will meet? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". The enemy is marching to Madrid. If I send troops to Madrid, they are marching to Madrid. They will both arrive at Madrid? Or will they meet on the road? The road from Zaragoza to Madrid: if the enemy is marching from Salamanca to Madrid, they are on a different road. "Armies on different roads never meet, even where the roads look close on the map." So they won't meet on the road; they will both arrive at Madrid. Then the enemy attacks Madrid, and my troops defend. That's a village battle. My troops will get the defense bonus (x1.25 for village). Madrid's effective defense is 0, but that's the location bonus? Actually, the effective defense is the sum of the troops' defense plus the location bonus. If I put troops there, the defense will be calculated normally.
Wait, the report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 0" for Madrid. That might mean the village itself has no defense bonus, or it's just 0 because it's empty. The rules say: "Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital)." So the location bonus is already included in the "effective defense" number. If it's 0, that means the village has no troops and no defense structures? Or maybe it's just 0. I'll assume it's 0 because it's empty, and when I put troops, their defense will be multiplied by 1.25.
Actually, the report says: "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again." So for Madrid, the effective defense is 0. That means if I put troops there, their defense is just their defense stat? No, the effective defense is the defense of the garrison plus the location bonus. If the garrison is 0, the effective defense is 0. If I add troops, the effective defense will be (sum of troop defense) * 1.25? Or is the location bonus already applied to the 0? It says "effective defense (location bonus included): 0". So the location bonus is included, meaning the village itself has a defense bonus of 0? Or it's a village, so it should have x1.25. But if the garrison is 0, the effective defense is 0 regardless. When I add troops, the effective defense will be (sum of troop defense) * 1.25. But the report says "use them directly", meaning the number shown is the final defense. So for Madrid, it's 0. If I put 10 spearmen (defense 2 each), the effective defense would be 20 * 1.25 = 25? But the report says the values already include the bonus. So if I put troops, the new effective defense will be calculated and shown next turn. For now, I just need to know that Madrid has no troops, so its defense is 0.

Anyway, I need to send troops to Madrid to defend it. Let's send 17 spearman and 3 knight from Zaragoza to Madrid.
But wait, I also need to attack other villages. My plan from last turn was: "Attack Murcia (Valencia) and Salamanca (Madrid) this turn. Send follow-up knights to Pamplona to secure it after the 9 spearmen. Reinforce Zaragoza from Huesca/Tarragona/Girona, and send Barcelona to Teruel for the Toledo assault. Castellon reinforces Valencia. All villages build spearmen. Next: capture Pamplona, Burgos, then Toledo; expand to reach 18 villages."
But the map has changed. Last turn I attacked Murcia and Pamplona and conquered them. So now Murcia and Pamplona are mine. The plan said "Attack Murcia (Valencia) and Salamanca (Madrid) this turn." But I already attacked Murcia last turn? The "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" says: "You attacked [19] Pamplona with 9 spearmen... VICTORY, conquered." and "You attacked [15] Murcia with 6 spearmen, 2 knights... VICTORY, conquered." So I already took them. The plan was written last turn, so it's outdated. I need a new plan.

Current situation: I have 11 villages. I need 7 more to reach 18.
Available targets: Burgos (14, neutral, defense 13), Cordoba (11, neutral, defense 13), Toledo (8, enemy, defense 15), Salamanca (7, enemy, defense 38).
Also unexplored villages that might be enemy or neutral.
To win by elimination, I need to take all enemy villages. Currently enemy has Salamanca and Toledo, and possibly others in the unexplored area. The enemy capital is Lisboa, but it's not required to win. However, if I take all enemy villages, I win. So I should focus on taking Salamanca and Toledo, and then explore the unexplored ones to find and eliminate the enemy.
But the main win condition is holding 18 villages for 2 turns. So I need to capture enough villages quickly.
Let's see how many villages I can capture soon.
From my current positions:
- Teruel (13) can attack Toledo (8). Teruel has 15 troops (10 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight). Toledo has 6 spearmen, defense 15. I can probably win this. Effective force of my troops: 10 spearman (attack 1 each = 10), 2 archer (attack 2 each = 4), 3 knight (attack 4 each = 12). Total attack = 26. But wait, the counter triangle: the most numerous type is spearman (10). Against Toledo's garrison of 6 spearmen, the most numerous type on both sides? The rule: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So my army's most numerous is spearman. The defender's army is 6 spearmen, so their most numerous is spearman. Spearman vs spearman: no counter bonus. So my effective force is just the sum of attacks? No, the rule says: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs." So my attack is 10*1 + 2*2 + 3*4 = 10+4+12 = 26. Defender's defense: 6 spearmen * 2 = 12. Plus location bonus? "effective defense (location bonus included): 15". So the defender's effective defense is 15. My attack is 26. 26 > 15, so I win. But I need to check the counter. The counter is based on the most numerous type of each army. My most numerous is spearman, defender's most numerous is spearman. No counter bonus. So my force is 26, defender's is 15. I win. But wait, the rule says: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER." So 26 vs 15, I win. But the loser is destroyed entirely, and the winner loses troops worth half of the loser's effective force. The loser's effective force is 15. Half is 7.5, so I lose troops worth 7.5. My troops have different values? The rule: "The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself." It says "spread over its troop types", but it doesn't specify how. Probably it means the total cost of troops lost is half the loser's effective force. But effective force is not the same as cost. This is a bit vague. I'll assume I win and lose some troops.
But I need to consider that if I attack Toledo, I might lose troops, and I need to follow up.
Also, Madrid is under attack this turn. I need to defend it.
Let's prioritize:
1. Defend Madrid: send troops from Zaragoza.
2. Attack Toledo from Teruel.
3. Attack Burgos from Pamplona or Madrid? Burgos is neutral, defense 13. I can attack it from Madrid (12) or Pamplona (19). Madrid will be under attack, so maybe I should attack Burgos from Pamplona. Pamplona has 10 troops (5 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knight). Attack on Burgos: my attack = 5*1 + 1*2 + 4*4 = 5+2+16 = 23. Defender's defense: 5 spearmen * 2 = 10, plus location bonus? Burgos effective defense is 13. So 23 vs 13, I win. But I need to check counter: my most numerous is spearman (5), defender's is spearman (5). Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So both are spearman, no counter. I win.
4. Attack Cordoba from Murcia. Murcia has 5 troops (4 spearman, 1 knight). Cordoba has 5 spearmen, defense 13. My attack = 4*1 + 1*4 = 8. 8 vs 13, I lose. So I shouldn't attack Cordoba yet. I need to reinforce Murcia first.
5. Salamanca is strong (defense 38). I shouldn't attack it yet.

So this turn, I should:
- Send troops from Zaragoza to Madrid to defend.
- Attack Toledo from Teruel.
- Attack Burgos from Pamplona.
- Reinforce Murcia from somewhere to prepare for Cordoba.
- Build troops in my villages.

Let's check resources and builds.
Each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn. But some villages have 0 wood/iron? Murcia has wood 0, iron 0. Pamplona has wood 0, iron 0. That's because they were just conquered and have no resources? The report says: "wood 0 (+30/turn) | iron 0 (+20/turn)". So they will produce 30 wood and 20 iron next turn, but currently they have 0. So I can't build from them this turn.
Other villages have wood 30, iron 20-100. So they can build.
Costs:
spearman: 15 wood + 0 iron.
archer: 20 wood + 10 iron.
knight: 30 wood + 30 iron.

Let's see what each village can build:
- Barcelona: wood 30, iron 100. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood), or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron), or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). But it has 2 spearman at home. It can build more. Cap is 300, so no issue.
- Tarragona: wood 30, iron 90. Can build 2 spearman, or 1 archer, or 1 knight.
- Girona: wood 30, iron 90. Same.
- Castellon: wood 30, iron 100. Same.
- Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 40. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood), or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron), or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). But I'm sending most troops away, so maybe build to replace?
- Huesca: wood 30, iron 90. Can build 2 spearman, etc.
- Valencia: wood 30, iron 60. Can build 2 spearman, or 1 archer, or 1 knight.
- Teruel: wood 30, iron 80. Can build 2 spearman, or 1 archer, or 1 knight. It has 10 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight at home.
- Madrid: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood), or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). It has 0 troops, so I should build some to defend after the battle?
- Murcia: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.
- Pamplona: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.

I need to decide on builds. Since I'm sending troops to Madrid, Zaragoza will lose its troops. I should build in Zaragoza to replenish. But builds take 1 turn, so they will be ready next turn. I can build spearman in most villages.

Let's plan movements:
1. From Zaragoza to Madrid: send 17 spearman, 3 knight. This defends Madrid. Wait, the enemy army is arriving in 1 turn. My troops will also arrive in 1 turn. They will garrison Madrid. Then the enemy attacks. I need to know the enemy army's composition to know if I can win. The report doesn't say. But I have to assume it's a typical army. Salamanca has 6 spearmen, 8 archers, 1 knight. The army marching to Madrid might be similar. My 17 spearman and 3 knight: attack = 17*1 + 3*4 = 29. Defense = 17*2 + 3*2 = 40. But wait, in defense, the troops count their defense. The effective defense of Madrid is 0, but with troops, it will be their defense * 1.25? The rule says "effective defense (location bonus included)" so the number shown is the final defense. If I put troops, the new effective defense will be (sum of defense) * 1.25? Actually, the report says "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again." So for Madrid, it's 0. If I put 17 spearman (defense 2 each) and 3 knight (defense 2 each), total defense = 34 + 6 = 40. With location bonus (village x1.25), it would be 50. But the report says the values already include the bonus. So the effective defense of Madrid with those troops would be 50. But the report shows 0 now because there are no troops. So when I send troops, next turn the effective defense will be higher. For the battle this turn, the enemy attacks Madrid. My troops arrive and defend. The battle is resolved simultaneously? The rules: "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." So the enemy's order is already written to attack Madrid. My order is to send troops to Madrid. Both happen this turn. The troops march and arrive. The enemy army marches and arrives. Then they fight. The battle uses the stats at the time of battle. So my troops will be there to defend. Their defense will be calculated with the location bonus. So I should win if my troops are strong enough.
But I don't know the enemy army's size. It could be large. To be safe, I should send a strong force. Zaragoza has 20 troops total. I can send all of them. But I also need troops to attack other places. However, defending Madrid is crucial because if I lose it, I lose a village and my front line. Let's send all 20 troops from Zaragoza to Madrid: 17 spearman, 3 knight.
Wait, the report says Zaragoza has "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 17 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight". So I can send up to that. Let's send all of them.

2. From Teruel to Toledo: attack Toledo. Teruel has 10 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. I can send all of them to attack Toledo. But wait, if I send all, Teruel will be empty. Is that okay? Teruel is a border village, but it's mine. If I attack Toledo and win, I take Toledo, and the surviving troops stay there as garrison. So Teruel will be left with 0 troops. But that's fine if I win. However, if I lose, I lose the army and Teruel might be vulnerable. But the attack on Toledo should be a win. Let's send all 15 troops from Teruel to attack Toledo.
Wait, the report says Teruel has "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 10 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight". So I can send them all.

3. From Pamplona to Burgos: attack Burgos. Pamplona has 5 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knight. I can send all to attack Burgos. But wait, Pamplona is also a border village. If I attack Burgos and win, I take Burgos, and the surviving troops stay there. Pamplona will be left with 0 troops. But I just conquered it last turn, so it might be okay. However, I need to consider that Burgos is neutral and might have reinforcements? "Neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type." Burgos has 5 spearmen, and it was 10 defense 5 turns ago, now 13. So it might gain more troops over time. But I should attack it now before it gets stronger.
Let's send all 10 troops from Pamplona to attack Burgos.

4. What about Murcia and Cordoba? Murcia has 5 troops, but Cordoba has 13 defense. I can't win with 5 troops. I need to reinforce Murcia. From where? Valencia (16) is connected to Murcia (15) via road? Let's check: [15] Murcia: [11], [16]. So Valencia connects to Murcia. Valencia has 6 troops (4 spearman, 2 knight). I can send them to Murcia to reinforce. But if I send them, Valencia will be empty. Valencia is interior, so it's safe. But I need to keep some troops for defense? Valencia is interior, no enemy border. So I can send all troops from Valencia to Murcia. That would give Murcia 4 spearman, 2 knight + 4 spearman, 1 knight = 8 spearman, 3 knight. Attack on Cordoba: 8*1 + 3*4 = 20. Cordoba defense 13. 20 > 13, so I can win next turn. But wait, if I send troops from Valencia to Murcia, they take time. "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Valencia to Teruel. But Valencia to Murcia: [16] Valencia connects to [15] Murcia. The distance? The report doesn't give the march distance from Valencia to Murcia. But it says "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". For Murcia, it says "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So Murcia to Teruel is 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. Valencia to Murcia is probably 1 turn? Let's check the road network: [16] Valencia: [13], [15], [18]. So it connects directly to Murcia (15). The distance is likely 1 turn. I'll assume it's 1 turn for all speeds, or maybe 1 slow turn. Since it's not specified, I'll assume it's 1 turn. So I can send troops from Valencia to Murcia, and they will arrive next turn. Then next turn I can attack Cordoba. But wait, I want to attack Cordoba this turn? I can't attack Cordoba this turn because Murcia's troops are too weak. I can send reinforcements to Murcia this turn, and then next turn attack Cordoba. Or I can send troops from somewhere else to attack Cordoba directly? To attack Cordoba, I need to march from Murcia or from somewhere else. Cordoba connects to 8 (Toledo), 9 (Sevilha), 15 (Murcia). So only Murcia among my villages connects to Cordoba. So I must attack from Murcia. So I need to reinforce Murcia first.
Let's send all troops from Valencia to Murcia: 4 spearman, 2 knight.
Also, I can send troops from other villages to Murcia? Castellon (18) connects to Valencia (16) and Teruel (13). Not directly to Murcia. So only Valencia can send to Murcia directly. I could send from Castellon to Valencia, and then from Valencia to Murcia, but that takes 2 turns. So better to send from Valencia directly.

5. What about Barcelona and other rear villages? They have troops but they are slow. I have marching troops already: 2 spearmen from Barcelona to Teruel (arrives in 1 turn), 4 spearmen, 1 knight from Barcelona to Teruel (arrives in 2 turns). I should continue those orders? They are already on the march. I don't need to issue new orders for them unless I want to change destination. But I can't change destination once they are marching? The rules don't say I can recall them. Usually in these games, once ordered, they go. So I'll let them continue.
But I need to build troops in my villages to replenish.
Let's list all my villages and what I can build:
- Barcelona: wood 30, iron 100. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood), or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron), or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). It has 2 spearman at home. I should build more spearman to replace the ones I sent? Actually, Barcelona already sent 6 spearmen and 1 knight, and has 2 spearmen left. It can build 2 spearman this turn. Let's build 2 spearman.
- Tarragona: wood 30, iron 90. Has 2 spearman. Build 2 spearman.
- Girona: wood 30, iron 90. Has 2 spearman. Build 2 spearman.
- Castellon: wood 30, iron 100. Has 2 spearman. Build 2 spearman.
- Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 40. I'm sending all troops away. It will have 0 troops. I should build some to defend or for future. Build 2 spearman (30 wood).
- Huesca: wood 30, iron 90. Has 6 troops (4 spearman, 2 knight). I'm not sending them anywhere? Wait, I didn't plan to send Huesca troops. They are at home. I can build more. Build 2 spearman.
- Valencia: wood 30, iron 60. I'm sending all 6 troops to Murcia. So Valencia will have 0 troops. Build 2 spearman (30 wood) to replenish.
- Teruel: wood 30, iron 80. I'm sending all 15 troops to Toledo. Teruel will have 0 troops. Build 2 spearman (30 wood) or maybe archers? It has iron 80, so it can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and still have wood left. But spearman are cheaper and I need numbers. Let's build 2 spearman.
- Madrid: wood 30, iron 20. It will receive 20 troops from Zaragoza, but it starts with 0. After the battle, it might have some troops. But I can build now. Build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Since it has iron 20, it can build 1 archer. But I need spearman for numbers. Let's build 2 spearman.
- Murcia: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.
- Pamplona: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.

So I can build many spearman. Total builds: 2 each in Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Castellon, Zaragoza, Huesca, Valencia, Teruel, Madrid = 18 spearman. That's a lot of wood: 18 * 15 = 270 wood. But each village has 30 wood, so 9 villages * 30 = 270 wood. Exactly enough if I build 2 spearman in each of the 9 villages. But wait, some villages have iron, so I could build archers or knights instead. But I need wood. Let's check wood availability:
- Barcelona: 30 wood -> 2 spearman (30 wood) -> 0 left.
- Tarragona: 30 -> 2 spearman -> 0.
- Girona: 30 -> 2 spearman -> 0.
- Castellon: 30 -> 2 spearman -> 0.
- Zaragoza: 30 -> 2 spearman -> 0.
- Huesca: 30 -> 2 spearman -> 0.
- Valencia: 30 -> 2 spearman -> 0.
- Teruel: 30 -> 2 spearman -> 0.
- Madrid: 30 -> 2 spearman -> 0.
Total wood used: 270. Total wood available: 9*30 = 270. Perfect.
But I also have iron. I could use some iron to build archers or knights, but I don't have enough wood if I replace spearman with archers/knights. Archer costs 20 wood, knight 30 wood. If I build archers, I use more wood per troop? Actually, spearman costs 15 wood, archer 20 wood. So building archers uses more wood for fewer troops? Wait, troop count is 1 per build. So building 1 archer costs 20 wood, while 1 spearman costs 15 wood. So for the same wood, I can build fewer archers. But archers have attack 2 vs spearman attack 1. So they are more effective per wood? 2 attack for 20 wood = 0.1 attack/wood. Spearman: 1 attack for 15 wood = 0.067 attack/wood. So archers are more efficient in attack per wood. But I need to consider the counter and the fact that I need numbers to absorb losses.
Given that I have plenty of iron in some villages, I might want to build a mix. But I need to be careful with wood. Let's see if I can build archers in some villages and spearman in others.
For example, Barcelona has 30 wood and 100 iron. It can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and still have 10 wood left, not enough for another spearman. So it can only build 1 archer or 2 spearman. 2 spearman give 2 attack, 1 archer gives 2 attack. Same attack, but spearman have defense 2, archer defense 2. So they are similar, but spearman are cheaper in wood. However, spearman are slow, archers medium. Speed matters for marching, but for home defense, it doesn't matter until they are sent. So building spearman is fine.
But I also need to consider that I might want to build knights eventually. Knights cost 30 wood, 30 iron. I have iron in some villages. For example, Barcelona has 100 iron, but only 30 wood. It can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and have 0 wood left. That's 1 knight (attack 4) vs 2 spearman (attack 2). So knight is better for the wood. But it uses iron. I have plenty of iron in some villages. Let's optimize builds based on resources:
- Barcelona: wood 30, iron 100. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> attack 4. Or 2 spearman (30 wood) -> attack 2. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> attack 2, but leaves 10 wood unused. So 1 knight is best.
- Tarragona: wood 30, iron 90. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> attack 4. Or 2 spearman. Knight is better.
- Girona: wood 30, iron 90. Same, 1 knight.
- Castellon: wood 30, iron 100. 1 knight.
- Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 40. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> attack 4. Or 2 spearman. Knight is better, but it uses 30 iron, leaving 10 iron. So 1 knight.
- Huesca: wood 30, iron 90. 1 knight.
- Valencia: wood 30, iron 60. 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> attack 4. Leaves 30 iron.
- Teruel: wood 30, iron 80. 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> attack 4. Leaves 50 iron.
- Madrid: wood 30, iron 20. Cannot build knight (needs 30 iron). Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> attack 2. Leaves 10 wood. Or 2 spearman (30 wood) -> attack 2. Same attack, but archer uses iron. Let's build 2 spearman to save iron? Or 1 archer to use iron. It doesn't matter much. Let's build 2 spearman.
- Murcia: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.
- Pamplona: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.

So if I build 1 knight in 8 villages (Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Castellon, Zaragoza, Huesca, Valencia, Teruel) and 2 spearman in Madrid, that's 8 knights and 2 spearman. Total wood: 8*30 + 2*15 = 240 + 30 = 270 wood. I have exactly 270 wood available (9 villages * 30). Total iron: 8*30 + 0 = 240 iron. I have plenty of iron: Barcelona 100, Tarragona 90, Girona 90, Castellon 100, Zaragoza 40, Huesca 90, Valencia 60, Teruel 80 = 650 iron total. So I can afford it.
But wait, I need to consider that some villages are sending troops away and will have low troops at home. Building knights there will give them a strong defense. But knights are slow? No, knights are fast. But at home, speed doesn't matter. So building knights is good because they have high attack and defense.
However, I also need to consider the counter triangle. If I have a mix of troops, the most numerous type sets the counter. If I have mostly knights, and the enemy has mostly archers, I get a bonus. But if I have mostly knights and the enemy has mostly spearman, I get a penalty? No, the counter is a bonus: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5. So if my most numerous type counters the enemy's most numerous type, I get a 1.5x bonus. If not, no bonus. So it's beneficial to have a mix that counters the enemy. But I don't know the enemy's composition in advance. However, I can try to make my army have a majority of one type to potentially counter. But since I'm building in many villages, the troops will be scattered. When they march, they fight alone. So each army's composition matters.
For the attack on Toledo from Teruel, I'm sending 10 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. The most numerous is spearman. Toledo has 6 spearmen. So spearman vs spearman, no counter. My attack is 26, defense 15. I win.
For the attack on Burgos from Pamplona, I'm sending 5 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knight. Most numerous is spearman (5) vs spearman (5). Tie breaks to spearman, so no counter. Attack 23 vs defense 13. Win.
For the defense of Madrid, I'm sending 17 spearman, 3 knight from Zaragoza. Most numerous is spearman. The enemy army is unknown. If it has many archers, spearman vs archer: archer counters spearman, so the enemy gets a 1.5x bonus? Wait, the rule: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So if my most numerous is spearman and theirs is archer, archer counters spearman, so they get the bonus. That would be bad. I should consider sending a more balanced army or one that counters typical enemy compositions. The enemy has Salamanca with 6 spearmen, 8 archers, 1 knight. So their most numerous is archer. If they send an army from Salamanca, it might have many archers. So my spearman-heavy army would be countered. I should include more knights or archers to balance. But from Zaragoza, I only have 17 spearman and 3 knight. I can't change that. I could send fewer spearman and more knights? But I only have 3 knights. I could send all 3 knights and some spearman. But the most numerous will still be spearman unless I send fewer than 3 spearman? No, I have 17 spearman. Even if I send only 10 spearman and 3 knight, the most numerous is still spearman (10 vs 3). To make knights the most numerous, I would need more knights than spearman. I don't have that many. So my army will be spearman-heavy. If the enemy is archer-heavy, I get countered. But wait, the counter bonus is applied to the whole army's force. So if they get 1.5x, my effective force is reduced? No, the rule says: "Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5". It says "your WHOLE army's force", meaning the attacker's force? Or the defender's? Let's read carefully: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5 (every troop in it, not only the countering type)."
So if I have the counter, my force is multiplied by 1.5. If the enemy has the counter, their force is multiplied by 1.5. So if my spearman-heavy army faces an archer-heavy enemy, the enemy has the counter (archer counters spearman), so the enemy's force is multiplied by 1.5. That's bad for me. So I should try to avoid that.
But in the attack on Toledo, the defender has 6 spearmen, so their most numerous is spearman. My most numerous is spearman. No counter for either. So it's fine.
In the attack on Burgos, defender has 5 spearmen, most numerous spearman. My most numerous spearman. No counter.
In defense of Madrid, the enemy army is unknown. It could be from Salamanca (archer-heavy) or Toledo (spearman-heavy). If it's from Salamanca, they might have archers as most numerous, countering my spearmen. That would multiply their force by 1.5. My defense force would be 17 spearman, 3 knight. Their attack force might be, say, 6 spearmen, 8 archers, 1 knight. Their most numerous is archer (8), mine is spearman (17). Archer counters spearman, so they get 1.5x on their attack. Their total attack: 6*1 + 8*2 + 1*4 = 6+16+4 = 26. With 1.5x = 39. My defense: 17*2 + 3*2 = 34+6 = 40. With location bonus (village x1.25) = 50. So 39 vs 50, I still win. But if they have more archers, it could be closer. To be safe, I should try to send a more balanced army or one that counters. But from Zaragoza, I only have spearman and knights. I don't have archers. So I can't do much. I could send fewer spearman to reduce the impact of the counter? But the counter is based on the most numerous type. If I send, say, 5 spearman and 3 knight, then my most numerous is spearman (5) vs their archer (8), still countered. If I send only knights, but I only have 3. So I can't change the fact that my most numerous will be spearman unless I send more knights than spearman, which I can't. So I'll just send all I have and hope the numbers are enough.

Wait, I could send troops from other villages to Madrid instead of just Zaragoza. But Madrid is only connected to Zaragoza among my villages. So only Zaragoza can send directly. I could send from Pamplona to Burgos, then from Burgos to Madrid? But Burgos is neutral, so I can't march through it unless I conquer it. And even then, it takes time. So Zaragoza is the only source for immediate reinforcement.

Another thought: The enemy army marching toward Madrid arrives in 1 turn. My troops from Zaragoza also arrive in 1 turn. They will both arrive at Madrid. But what if the enemy army is actually marching from Toledo or Salamanca, and my troops from Zaragoza meet them on the road? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". The enemy is marching to Madrid. The road from Salamanca to Madrid: Salamanca (7) -> Madrid (12). The road from Zaragoza to Madrid: Zaragoza (17) -> Madrid (12). These are different roads. They meet at Madrid. So they don't meet on the road. They both arrive at Madrid and fight there. So it's a village battle. My troops get the defense bonus. So I should be okay.

Let's also consider that I have marching troops already: 2 spearmen from Barcelona to Teruel (arrives in 1 turn), 4 spearmen, 1 knight from Barcelona to Teruel (arrives in 2 turns). These are on their way. I don't need to do anything for them.

Now, let's plan the attacks:
- Teruel -> Toledo: send 10 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. (all available)
- Pamplona -> Burgos: send 5 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knight. (all available)
- Zaragoza -> Madrid: send 17 spearman, 3 knight. (all available)
- Valencia -> Murcia: send 4 spearman, 2 knight. (all available)

But wait, if I send all troops from Teruel, Pamplona, Zaragoza, and Valencia, those villages will be left with 0 troops (except the ones that arrive from marches). Is that wise?
- Teruel: will receive 2 spearmen from Barcelona in 1 turn, and 4 spearmen, 1 knight in 2 turns. So it will have some troops soon. Also, I'm building 1 knight there this turn, so next turn it will have 1 knight plus the arrivals.
- Pamplona: I'm not building there (0 resources). It will have 0 troops after I send them. But it's a border village. If I attack Burgos and win, Burgos becomes mine, and Pamplona is no longer a border? Actually, Pamplona connects to Burgos (14), Zaragoza (17), Huesca (20). If I take Burgos, then Burgos is mine, and Pamplona's border is now Burgos (mine) and maybe others. But if I leave Pamplona empty, it could be attacked from Burgos? But Burgos is neutral, so no enemy there. After I take Burgos, it's mine. So Pamplona becomes interior? Not necessarily, because there might be other neutrals or enemies beyond Burgos. Burgos connects to 10 (Vigo), 12 (Madrid), 19 (Pamplona). So if I take Burgos, Pamplona's neighbors are Burgos (mine), Zaragoza (mine), Huesca (mine). So it becomes interior. So it's safe to leave it empty temporarily.
- Zaragoza: after sending all troops, it will have 0. But I'm building 1 knight there this turn, so next turn it will have 1 knight. Also, it's interior, connected to Madrid, Teruel, Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona, Girona. All are mine except Madrid (which will be defended) and maybe Burgos after I take it. So it's safe.
- Valencia: after sending all, 0 troops. Building 1 knight this turn. Interior, safe.
- Madrid: after receiving 20 troops, it will have a garrison. I'm also building 2 spearman there this turn, so next turn it will have those plus the arrivals.

So it seems okay to send all available troops from those villages.

But wait, I need to check the travel times. The report gives march distances:
- Teruel to Madrid? Not directly. Teruel connects to 8, 16, 17, 18. Madrid is 12. So no direct road. So I can't send from Teruel to Madrid.
- Pamplona to Madrid? Pamplona connects to 14, 17, 20. No direct to Madrid.
- Valencia to Madrid? Valencia connects to 13, 15, 18. No direct.
So only Zaragoza can send to Madrid.

Now, what about the attack on Cordoba? I planned to reinforce Murcia from Valencia. But if I send all troops from Valencia, Murcia will have 5 (original) + 6 (from Valencia) = 11 troops. But they arrive in 1 turn? The distance from Valencia to Murcia: the report doesn't specify, but since they are connected, it's probably 1 turn. Let's assume 1 turn. So next turn, Murcia will have 11 troops. Then I can attack Cordoba. But wait, Cordoba is neutral and might have gained troops? "Neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type." Cordoba has 5 spearmen, and it was 10 defense 5 turns ago, now 13. So it might gain 1 troop every 5 turns. It's been 5 turns since the last report? The report says "was 10, 5 turns ago". So it gained 3 defense? Actually, 5 spearmen have defense 10, plus location bonus? The effective defense is 13. So the 5 spearmen have defense 10, location bonus makes it 13? Or it gained troops? It says "garrison: 5 spearmen | effective defense: 13 (was 10, 5 turns ago)". So the garrison is still 5 spearmen, but the effective defense increased from 10 to 13. That means the location bonus increased? Or the village itself got stronger? The rule says "Neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type." So if it gained 1 troop, it would have 6 spearmen. But the report says garrison: 5 spearmen. So maybe it hasn't gained troops yet, but the defense increased due to something else? Or maybe the "effective defense" includes some other bonus. I'll just take the numbers as given.

Anyway, I need to decide on the exact orders.

Let's summarize the orders:

Builds:
- Barcelona: 1 knight
- Tarragona: 1 knight
- Girona: 1 knight
- Castellon: 1 knight
- Zaragoza: 1 knight
- Huesca: 1 knight
- Valencia: 1 knight
- Teruel: 1 knight
- Madrid: 2 spearman
- Murcia: (none, no resources)
- Pamplona: (none, no resources)

Movements:
- Teruel -> Toledo: 10 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight (attack)
- Pamplona -> Burgos: 5 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knight (attack)
- Zaragoza -> Madrid: 17 spearman, 3 knight (reinforce/defend)
- Valencia -> Murcia: 4 spearman, 2 knight (reinforce)

Wait, I should also consider sending troops from other villages to reinforce the ones I'm emptying. For example, Barcelona is sending 2 spearmen to Teruel (already marching) and has 2 spearmen at home. I'm building 1 knight there. I could send the 2 spearmen somewhere? But they are at home. I could send them to Teruel or Zaragoza? But Teruel is already getting reinforcements from Barcelona's marches. I could send the 2 spearmen from Barcelona to Zaragoza to help defend? But Zaragoza is interior, and I'm sending its troops to Madrid. So Zaragoza will be empty. I could send the 2 spearmen from Barcelona to Zaragoza to garrison it. But the distance: Barcelona to Zaragoza? Barcelona (22) connects to 21 (Tarragona) and 23 (Girona). Not directly to Zaragoza. To get to Zaragoza, they would have to go through Tarragona or Girona, which takes time. So not in 1 turn.
What about Tarragona? It has 2 spearmen. It connects to 17 (Zaragoza), 18 (Castellon), 22 (Barcelona). So Tarragona can send to Zaragoza directly! The distance? "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" for Tarragona. So Tarragona to Teruel is 2 slow turns. Tarragona to Zaragoza is probably 1 turn? Let's check the road: [21] Tarragona: [17], [18], [22]. So it connects to Zaragoza (17). The distance is not given, but since it's a direct connection, it's likely 1 turn. So I could send the 2 spearmen from Tarragona to Zaragoza to reinforce it after I send Zaragoza's troops to Madrid. That way, Zaragoza won't be completely empty. But wait, I'm building 1 knight in Zaragoza this turn, so next turn it will have 1 knight. If I send 2 spearmen from Tarragona, they will arrive in 1 turn, so next turn Zaragoza will have 1 knight + 2 spearmen. That's better.
Similarly, Girona (23) connects to 20 (Huesca), 22 (Barcelona). Not directly to Zaragoza. But it can send to Huesca or Barcelona.
Castellon (18) connects to 13 (Teruel), 16 (Valencia), 21 (Tarragona). Can send to Teruel or Valencia.
Huesca (20) connects to 17 (Zaragoza), 19 (Pamplona), 23 (Girona). Can send to Zaragoza or Pamplona.
So I have options to reinforce my villages after they send troops.

Let's think about the overall plan. I need to capture 7 more villages to reach 18. Currently I have 11. The villages I can see that are not mine: Salamanca (enemy), Toledo (enemy), Burgos (neutral), Cordoba (neutral). That's 4. If I capture all 4, I have 15. I still need 3 more from the unexplored area. The unexplored villages are: Badajoz (4), Porto (6), Vigo (10), Coimbra (3), Sevilha (9), Faro (5), Santarem (1), Lisboa (0), Evora (2). Some of these might be enemy, some neutral. To win by holding 18, I need to capture at least 3 of them, assuming I take all 4 available. But I also need to hold them for 2 consecutive turns. So I need to expand quickly.
Alternatively, I could win by eliminating every enemy village. The enemy currently has Salamanca and Toledo, and possibly others in the unexplored area. If I can take Salamanca and Toledo, and then explore and take the rest, I win. But the enemy capital is Lisboa, which might have a huge garrison. The prompt says "The enemy capital is the hardest single target on the map; taking it is NOT required to win." So I don't need to take Lisboa. But I do need to take all enemy villages. So I need to find and destroy all enemy-held villages.

Given the map, the enemy likely holds villages in the unexplored area. The road network shows connections. The enemy capital Lisboa (0) connects to Santarem (1) and Evora (2). Santarem connects to Coimbra (3) and Badajoz (4). Badajoz connects to Salamanca (7), Toledo (8), Sevilha (9), Faro (5), Evora (2)? Actually, [4] Badajoz: [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. So Badajoz connects to Salamanca (7) and Toledo (8). So the enemy might have armies coming from Badajoz or other places.
But I don't see those villages yet. I need to explore by sending armies.

For now, my immediate actions:
1. Defend Madrid by sending all troops from Zaragoza.
2. Attack Toledo from Teruel.
3. Attack Burgos from Pamplona.
4. Reinforce Murcia from Valencia to prepare for Cordoba.
5. Build troops in all able villages.

I should also consider sending troops from rear villages to the front to reinforce after the battles. For example, after I attack Toledo, Teruel will be empty. I have marching troops from Barcelona to Teruel (2 spearmen in 1 turn, 4 spearmen + 1 knight in 2 turns). Also, I can send troops from Castellon to Teruel? Castellon connects to Teruel (13). The distance: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Castellon? Actually, the report says for Castellon: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So Castellon to Teruel takes 2 slow turns. So if I send from Castellon, it takes 2 turns. Not immediate.
What about from Valencia to Teruel? Valencia connects to Teruel (13). "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Valencia. So Valencia to Teruel is 1 turn. But I'm sending Valencia's troops to Murcia. So I can't send them to Teruel.
I could send troops from Barcelona to Teruel? Already marching.
From Tarragona to Teruel? Tarragona connects to Zaragoza (17) and Castellon (18) and Barcelona (22). Not directly to Teruel. So it would take 2 turns via Zaragoza.
So Teruel will rely on the marching troops from Barcelona and the build I do there.

Similarly, after I attack Burgos from Pamplona, Pamplona will be empty. I can reinforce it from Huesca or Zaragoza. Huesca connects to Pamplona (19). "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Huesca. So Huesca to Pamplona is probably 1 or 2 turns. I can send troops from Huesca to Pamplona to garrison it. Huesca has 6 troops (4 spearman, 2 knight). I'm not sending them anywhere yet. I could send them to Pamplona to reinforce after the attack. But if I send them now, they will arrive in 1 turn, just after the attack on Burgos. That would leave Pamplona with some troops. But wait, if I send them now, they will march and arrive next turn. Meanwhile, my attack on Burgos from Pamplona is this turn. The troops from Huesca would leave Pamplona? No, they are in Huesca. They march to Pamplona. So they arrive at Pamplona next turn. That's fine. But I need to consider that Pamplona might be attacked? It's not on the enemy's radar yet. So I can send them later. But to be safe, I can send them now.
Actually, I should keep some troops in Huesca for defense? Huesca is interior, so it's safe. I can send all 6 troops from Huesca to Pamplona. That way, after the attack on Burgos, Pamplona will have reinforcements. But wait, the attack on Burgos is from Pamplona. I'm sending all 10 troops from Pamplona to attack Burgos. So Pamplona will have 0 troops after they leave. If I send troops from Huesca to Pamplona, they will arrive next turn. So Pamplona will have 6 troops next turn. That's good.
But what about Huesca? It will be empty. I'm building 1 knight there this turn, so next turn it will have 1 knight. Also, it's interior, so no immediate threat.
What about Zaragoza? After sending all troops to Madrid, it will be empty. I'm building 1 knight there. I can also send troops from Tarragona or Huesca to Zaragoza. T
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
REFORCO [7] Salamanca dono A: 4S+3A+1K
REFORCO [4] Badajoz dono A: 6S+3A+2K
REFORCO [6] Porto dono A: 7S+2A
COMBATE [19] Pamplona: atacante B Fatk=9 (ef 14) Fdef=10 (ef 13) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~4
COMBATE [15] Murcia: atacante B Fatk=14 (ef 21) Fdef=10 (ef 13) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~4
COMBATE [7] Salamanca: atacante B Fatk=6 (ef 6) Fdef=32 (ef 40) vant=0 -> vence defensor | baixas~2
REFORCO [19] Pamplona dono B: 1A+4K
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 8S+1K
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 2S+2K
REFORCO [20] Huesca dono B: 2S+2K
REFORCO [16] Valencia dono B: 2S+2K
placar: A 11 ald/tropas 74 | B 11 ald/tropas 70 | neutras 2 | transito 12 (A 10 | B 2)

########## TURNO 15 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4339 | resposta 11589 | raciocinio 8228 | finish stop | ms 150118
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 7, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 8, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 9, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 10, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 12, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 12, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 10, \"toId\": 14, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 16, \"archer\": 4, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 9, \"toId\": 11, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 8, \"toId\": 11, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 5, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 4, \"toId\": 8, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 10, \"archer\": 5, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 7, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 8, \"archer\": 5, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 3, \"toId\": 7, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"This turn we focus on capturing Burgos to expand north and reinforcing our border villages against enemy counterattacks. We sent our full Vigo garrison to take Burgos, while Salamanca reinforces Madrid, Badajoz reinforces Toledo, and Sevilha/Toledo reinforce Cordoba for the push on Murcia. We must keep building troops to sustain these offensives and watch for enemy movements on our borders. Do not leave Madrid or Toledo under-defended.\",\n  \"statement\": \"Our armies are on the move! We have launched a major offensive from Vigo to capture the neutral village of Burgos, opening the path north. At the same time, we are shoring up our defenses: Salamanca is sending reinforcements to Madrid, Badajoz is bolstering Toledo, and we are preparing the assault on Murcia by reinforcing Cordoba. We are building troops across our empire to ensure we have the strength to push into enemy territory and secure our dominance!\"\n}"
raciocinio: Thinking Process:

1.  **Analyze the Request:**
    *   Role: King A.
    *   Goal: Hold at least 18 of 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.
    *   Current count: Hold 13 of 24.
    *   Input data: Current state of your villages, visible villages, road network, armies on march, last turn events, and the note from last turn.
    *   Output format: A single JSON object with fields: `build`, `movements`, `plan`, `statement`.

2.  **Analyze the Game State (Turn 15):**
    *   **My Villages (13):**
        *   [0] Lisboa (Capital): 12 troops (4 spear, 7 archer, 1 knight). Def 36.
        *   [1] Santarem: 6 troops (4 spear, 2 archer). Def 15.
        *   [2] Evora: 13 troops (10 spear, 3 archer). Def 33.
        *   [3] Coimbra: 4 troops (4 spear). Def 10. (4 spearmen marching to [7] Salamanca).
        *   [4] Badajoz: 27 troops (18 spear, 9 archer). Def 68.
        *   [5] Faro: 8 troops (8 spear). Def 20.
        *   [6] Porto: 4 troops (3 spear, 1 archer). Def 10.
        *   [7] Salamanca: 29 troops (12 spear, 14 archer, 3 knight). Def 73.
        *   [8] Toledo: 12 troops (10 spear, 2 archer). Def 30. Border with [13] Teruel (enemy).
        *   [9] Sevilha: 4 troops (2 spear, 2 archer). Def 10. (4 spearmen marching to [4] Badajoz).
        *   [10] Vigo: 20 troops (16 spear, 4 archer). Def 50.
        *   [11] Cordoba: 3 troops (2 archer, 1 knight). Def 8. Border with [15] Murcia (enemy).
        *   [12] Madrid: 10 troops (8 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight). Def 25. Border with [17] Zaragoza (enemy) and [14] Burgos (neutral).
    *   **Visible Enemy/Neutral Villages:**
        *   [13] Teruel (Enemy): 12 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight. Def 43. March from [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 med / 1 fast.
        *   [14] Burgos (Neutral): 6 spear. Def 15. March from [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 med / 1 fast.
        *   [17] Zaragoza (Enemy): 17 spear, 3 knight. Def 50. March from [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 med / 1 fast.
        *   [15] Murcia (Enemy): 4 spear, 1 knight. Def 13. March from [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 med / 1 fast.
    *   **Unexplored:**
        *   [16] Valencia, [18] Castellon, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona (Enemy capital), [23] Girona.
    *   **Marching Armies:**
        *   Mine: 4 spear [9]->[4] (arrives in 1 turn), 4 spear [3]->[7] (arrives in 1 turn).
        *   Enemy: marching toward [13] Teruel, arrives in 1 turn.
    *   **Economy/Resources:**
        *   Each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron.
        *   Costs: spearman (15w, 0i), archer (20w, 10i), knight (30w, 30i).
        *   Cap per village: 300 troops.
        *   Check resources per village to see what can be built:
            *   [0] Lisboa: wood 40, iron 140. Can build knights (30w, 30i -> 1 knight, wood 10, iron 110 left; maybe more if we had more wood, but wood is 40. 1 knight needs 30 wood. Archer needs 20 wood, 10 iron. Spear needs 15 wood).
                *   Lisboa wood 40, iron 140.
                *   Can build: 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 2 spears (30 wood) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 spear (15 wood -> total 45 wood, too much).
                *   Let's check max archers: 40 wood / 20 = 2 archers. Iron: 140 / 10 = 14. So 2 archers.
                *   Let's check max spears: 40 wood / 15 = 2 spears. Iron: 0. So 2 spears.
                *   Let's check knight + spear: 30w+15w = 45w (too much).
                *   Let's check knight + archer: 30w+20w = 50w (too much).
                *   So max is 2 archers or 2 spears or 1 knight (leaves 10 wood, can't build spear). Let's build 2 archers or 1 knight + ... actually, 1 knight (30w, 30i) leaves 10 wood, 110 iron. No other troop can be built with 10 wood.
                *   So build 2 archers or 2 spears. Archers are better (attack 2, def 2, costs 20w, 10i). Let's build 2 archers.
            *   [1] Santarem: wood 30, iron 170.
                *   Can build: 1 knight (30w, 30i) or 1 archer (20w, 10i) + 1 spear (15w -> total 35w, too much).
                *   So 1 knight (30w, 30i) or 1 archer (20w, 10i) or 2 spears (30w, 0i).
                *   Knight is expensive but high attack. Let's look at overall strategy.
            *   [2] Evora: wood 30, iron 200.
                *   Can build: 1 knight (30w, 30i) or 2 spears (30w) or 1 archer (20w, 10i).
                *   Let's build 1 knight or 2 spears.
            *   [3] Coimbra: wood 30, iron 170.
                *   Can build: 1 knight (30w, 30i) or 2 spears (30w).
            *   [4] Badajoz: wood 40, iron 140.
                *   Can build: 2 archers (40w, 20i) or 2 spears (30w) or 1 knight (30w, 30i).
                *   Let's build 2 archers.
            *   [5] Faro: wood 30, iron 170.
                *   Can build: 1 knight (30w, 30i) or 2 spears (30w).
            *   [6] Porto: wood 40, iron 140.
                *   Can build: 2 archers (40w, 20i) or 2 spears.
            *   [7] Salamanca: wood 30, iron 50.
                *   Can build: 1 knight (30w, 30i) or 1 archer (20w, 10i) or 2 spears (30w).
                *   Let's build 1 knight or 1 archer.
            *   [8] Toledo: wood 30, iron 90.
                *   Can build: 1 knight (30w, 30i) or 1 archer (20w, 10i) or 2 spears (30w).
            *   [9] Sevilha: wood 30, iron 90.
                *   Can build: 1 knight or 1 archer or 2 spears.
            *   [10] Vigo: wood 30, iron 90.
                *   Can build: 1 knight or 1 archer or 2 spears.
            *   [11] Cordoba: wood 0, iron 0. (Cannot build anything, 0 resources).
            *   [12] Madrid: wood 60, iron 40.
                *   Can build: 2 archers (40w, 20i) or 3 spears (45w) or 1 knight (30w, 30i) + 1 spear (15w -> total 45w, 30i) or 1 knight + 1 archer (50w, 40i).
                *   Let's build 1 knight + 1 archer (50w, 40i) or 2 archers + 1 spear (40w+15w=55w, 20i). Let's do 1 knight and 1 archer if possible: 30w+20w=50w, 30i+10i=40i. Yes, wood 60, iron 40 allows 1 knight (30w, 30i) and 1 archer (20w, 10i). Total: 50 wood, 40 iron. Perfect!

3.  **Evaluate Strategic Situation:**
    *   I hold 13 villages. I need 18 to win (75% of 24).
    *   Enemy has: [13] Teruel, [17] Zaragoza, [15] Murcia, and the capital [22] Barcelona, plus unexplored ones [16] Valencia, [18] Castellon, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [23] Girona.
    *   Wait, how many villages total? 24 (indices 0 to 23).
    *   I have 13. Enemy has at least 4 (13, 15, 17, 22) + some unexplored (16, 18, 19, 20, 21, 23 -> 6 unexplored). Total enemy + neutral = 24 - 13 = 11.
    *   Neutral: [14] Burgos.
    *   So enemy has 10 villages (13, 15, 17, 22, and 16, 18, 19, 20, 21, 23).
    *   To win, I need 18 villages. That means I need to capture 5 more villages (since 13 + 5 = 18).
    *   The visible targets are:
        *   [14] Burgos (neutral, 6 spear, def 15). Easy pick if I march from [12] Madrid or [10] Vigo.
        *   [13] Teruel (enemy, 12 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight, def 43). Tougher, but I can attack from [8] Toledo.
        *   [15] Murcia (enemy, 4 spear, 1 knight, def 13). Easy pick from [11] Cordoba.
        *   [17] Zaragoza (enemy, 17 spear, 3 knight, def 50). Tougher, attack from [12] Madrid.
    *   Let's look at the road connections:
        *   [12] Madrid connects to [14] Burgos and [17] Zaragoza.
        *   [8] Toledo connects to [13] Teruel.
        *   [11] Cordoba connects to [15] Murcia.
    *   Let's check my current troops and marching:
        *   4 spear [9]->[4] (arrives in 1 turn).
        *   4 spear [3]->[7] (arrives in 1 turn).
        *   Enemy army marching toward [13] Teruel, arrives in 1 turn. (This means they are reinforcing Teruel).
    *   Let's plan the next moves:
        *   I need to capture Burgos [14] to get my count to 14, and it opens the path north to Pamplona etc.
        *   I need to capture Murcia [15] to get to Valencia etc.
        *   I need to capture Teruel [13] or Zaragoza [17] to push into the enemy heartland.
        *   Let's look at the enemy capital [22] Barcelona. Taking it is NOT required, but eliminating every enemy village OR holding 18 for 2 turns.
        *   Capturing Burgos [14] is very viable. It has 6 spearmen, def 15.
            *   I can attack from [12] Madrid. Madrid has 10 troops (8 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight).
            *   Or from [10] Vigo (20 troops).
            *   Let's send a strong force from [12] Madrid to [14] Burgos.
            *   Wait, Madrid is a border village with [17] Zaragoza and [14] Burgos. If I send all troops from Madrid to Burgos, Madrid will be undefended if Zaragoza attacks. But Zaragoza is far and has 17 spear, 3 knight. I should leave some defense or just take the risk, or send reinforcements to Madrid first.
            *   Actually, let's look at the march distance: Madrid to Burgos is 1 slow / 1 med / 1 fast turn.
            *   Let's send troops from [12] Madrid to [14] Burgos.
                *   Madrid has: 8 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight.
                *   Let's send all of them: 8 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight.
                *   Attack power: spear 8*1=8, archer 1*2=2, knight 1*4=4. Total attack = 14.
                *   Counter: Most numerous is spearman (8). Enemy has only spearman (6). Spearman vs Spearman -> no counter bonus (or rather, same type, no counter). Wait, counter triangle: spear counters knight, archer counters spear, knight counters archer. Since both are mostly spear, no counter bonus.
                *   Defender defense: Burgos has 6 spear. Def bonus in village: defense counts x1.25. Effective defense is already given as 15.
                *   My attack is 14, defender defense is 15. Defender wins (tie favors defender, and 15 > 14).
                *   So I need more troops. I can reinforce Madrid first, or send from Vigo.
                *   Vigo has 16 spear, 4 archer. March from Vigo to Burgos: Vigo -> [6] Porto -> [7] Salamanca -> [12] Madrid -> [14] Burgos? No, road network:
                    *   [10] Vigo connects to [6] Porto and [14] Burgos!
                    *   Let's check road network: `[10] Vigo (yours): [6], [14]`.
                    *   Ah! Vigo connects directly to [14] Burgos!
                    *   March from [10] Vigo to [14] Burgos: "march from [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" - wait, the text says:
                        *   `[14] Burgos | NEUTRAL ... march from [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns`
                        *   Does it say march from [10] Vigo? No, but the road network says `[10] Vigo: [6], [14]`. So Vigo connects to Burgos.
                        *   Let's calculate march time from Vigo to Burgos. If Madrid to Burgos is 1 fast turn, Vigo to Burgos might be longer or shorter. But Vigo has 20 troops (16 spear, 4 archer).
                        *   Let's send troops from Vigo to Burgos.
                        *   Wait, can I send from Madrid and Vigo simultaneously? Yes, but they fight alone. I need one strong enough to beat def 15.
                        *   Let's look at Burgos defense: 15.
                        *   If I send from Madrid: 8 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight. Attack = 8*1 + 1*2 + 1*4 = 14. Not enough.
                        *   If I send from Vigo: 16 spear, 4 archer. Attack = 16*1 + 4*2 = 24. Defender defense = 15. 24 > 15, I win!
                        *   Let's check counter: My army is mostly spear (16 spear, 4 archer). Enemy is 6 spear. Spear vs Spear, no counter.
                        *   So attack 24 vs defense 15. I should win easily.
                        *   Let's send all from Vigo to Burgos: 16 spear, 4 archer.
                        *   Wait, if I send all from Vigo, Vigo is left with 0 troops. Is that safe? Vigo is interior, no enemy border. Safe.
                        *   What about Madrid? Madrid is border with Zaragoza. I should reinforce Madrid or leave it. Madrid has 10 troops. Zaragoza has 17 spear, 3 knight (def 50). Madrid def is 25. If Zaragoza attacks, Madrid might fall. But I can send reinforcements to Madrid from Salamanca [7] or Toledo [8].
                        *   Let's look at Salamanca: 29 troops (12 spear, 14 archer, 3 knight). Salamanca connects to [12] Madrid.
                        *   Let's send some troops from Salamanca to Madrid to defend it, or just keep them there.
                        *   Actually, let's look at the marching troops: 4 spear [3]->[7] is arriving this turn. So Salamanca will have 29 + 4 = 33 troops.
                        *   Let's send some troops from Salamanca to Madrid.
                        *   Salamanca to Madrid: 1 slow / 1 med / 1 fast turn.
                        *   Let's send 10 spear, 5 archer, 2 knight from Salamanca to Madrid.
                        *   Wait, I need to write the orders for this turn.

    *   Let's look at other fronts:
        *   Cordoba [11] has 3 troops (2 archer, 1 knight). Murcia [15] has 4 spear, 1 knight (def 13).
        *   I can attack Murcia from Cordoba.
        *   Cordoba has 2 archer, 1 knight. Attack = 2*2 + 1*4 = 8. Defender defense = 13. 8 < 13, I lose.
        *   I need to reinforce Cordoba first.
        *   Who connects to Cordoba? `[11] Cordoba (yours): [8], [9], [15]`.
        *   So Toledo [8] or Sevilha [9] can reinforce Cordoba.
        *   Sevilha has 4 troops (2 spear, 2 archer). Toledo has 12 troops (10 spear, 2 archer).
        *   Let's send troops from Toledo to Cordoba, or from Sevilha to Cordoba.
        *   Toledo to Cordoba: `[8] Toledo: [4], [11], [12], [13]`. So Toledo connects to Cordoba.
        *   Let's send some troops from Toledo to Cordoba to prepare for the attack on Murcia.
        *   Or send from Sevilha [9] to Cordoba [11]. Sevilha has 2 spear, 2 archer. Let's send them to Cordoba.
        *   Wait, Sevilha already has 4 spear marching to [4] Badajoz.
        *   Let's look at the marching troops: 4 spear [9]->[4] arrives in 1 turn.
        *   Let's send the remaining 2 spear, 2 archer from Sevilha to Cordoba.
        *   And send some from Toledo to Cordoba. Toledo has 10 spear, 2 archer. Let's send 5 spear, 2 archer to Cordoba.
        *   Then Cordoba will have 3 (existing) + 2 (from Sevilha) + 7 (from Toledo) = 12 troops. Enough to beat Murcia (def 13).
        *   Wait, if I attack Murcia this turn, the troops from Sevilha and Toledo won't arrive in time if I order the attack now.
        *   March time: Toledo to Cordoba is 1 slow / 1 med / 1 fast turn? Let's check road network: `[8] Toledo: [4], [11], [12], [13]`. Yes, direct connection.
        *   If I send them this turn, they arrive next turn. So I can attack Murcia next turn.
        *   Let's order the reinforcements now.

    *   Let's look at Teruel [13]:
        *   Enemy has 12 spear, 2 archer, 3 knight. Def 43.
        *   I have Toledo [8] with 12 troops (10 spear, 2 archer). Attack = 10*1 + 2*2 = 14. Not enough.
        *   I need to reinforce Toledo first.
        *   Who connects to Toledo? `[8] Toledo: [4], [11], [12], [13]`.
        *   Badajoz [4] connects to Toledo. Badajoz has 27 troops (18 spear, 9 archer).
        *   Let's send some troops from Badajoz to Toledo.
        *   Badajoz to Toledo: 1 slow / 1 med / 1 fast turn.
        *   Let's send 10 spear, 5 archer from Badajoz to Toledo.
        *   Also, Madrid [12] connects to Toledo. Madrid has 10 troops. Let's send some from Madrid to Toledo? No, Madrid needs defense for Zaragoza.
        *   Let's send from Badajoz to Toledo.

    *   Let's look at Burgos [14] attack:
        *   I decided to send from Vigo [10] to Burgos [14].
        *   Vigo has 16 spear, 4 archer. Let's send all of them: 16 spear, 4 archer.
        *   March time: Vigo to Burgos. Road network: `[10] Vigo: [6], [14]`. So direct road.
        *   Let's assume it takes 1 or 2 turns. I'll send them.

    *   Let's look at building orders:
        *   I need to build troops to replenish the ones I send, and to grow my army.
        *   Let's build in all villages that can afford it.
        *   [0] Lisboa: 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
        *   [1] Santarem: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 spears. Let's build 2 spears (30 wood) to keep it simple, or 1 knight for power. Let's build 1 knight.
        *   [2] Evora: 2 spears (30 wood).
        *   [3] Coimbra: 2 spears (30 wood).
        *   [4] Badajoz: 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
        *   [5] Faro: 2 spears (30 wood).
        *   [6] Porto: 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
        *   [7] Salamanca: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
        *   [8] Toledo: 2 spears (30 wood).
        *   [9] Sevilha: 2 spears (30 wood).
        *   [10] Vigo: 2 spears (30 wood).
        *   [11] Cordoba: 0 resources, cannot build.
        *   [12] Madrid: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Total 50 wood, 40 iron. Madrid has 60 wood, 40 iron. Perfect.

    *   Let's refine the movement orders:
        *   **Attack Burgos [14]:** Send from [10] Vigo: 16 spear, 4 archer.
        *   **Reinforce Cordoba [11]:** Send from [9] Sevilha: 2 spear, 2 archer (all available). Send from [8] Toledo: 5 spear, 2 archer (leaving 5 spear in Toledo).
        *   **Reinforce Toledo [8]:** Send from [4] Badajoz: 10 spear, 5 archer (leaving 8 spear, 4 archer in Badajoz).
        *   **Reinforce Madrid [12]:** Send from [7] Salamanca: 8 spear, 5 archer, 2 knight (leaving 4 spear, 9 archer, 1 knight in Salamanca). Salamanca will get 4 spear from Coimbra this turn, so it will have 33 troops before sending. Sending 15 troops leaves 18, which is a good garrison.
        *   Wait, let's check if I should send from Salamanca to Madrid. Madrid is border with Zaragoza (def 50). Madrid currently has 10 troops (def 25). If Zaragoza attacks, Madrid will fall unless reinforced. So reinforcing Madrid is crucial.
        *   Let's send a strong force from Salamanca to Madrid: 8 spear, 5 archer, 2 knight.
        *   Let's check Salamanca's troops: 12 spear, 14 archer, 3 knight.
        *   If I send 8 spear, 5 archer, 2 knight, I have 4 spear, 9 archer, 1 knight left. Plus the 4 spear arriving from Coimbra -> 8 spear, 9 archer, 1 knight. Good defense for Salamanca.
        *   Let's check Coimbra [3]: has 4 spear, and 4 spear marching to Salamanca. So after marching, Coimbra has 0 troops. I should build in Coimbra (2 spears).
        *   Let's check Sevilha [9]: has 2 spear, 2 archer, and 4 spear marching to Badajoz. So after marching, Sevilha has 2 spear, 2 archer. If I send all of them to Cordoba, Sevilha has 0. I should build in Sevilha (2 spears).
        *   Let's check Vigo [10]: has 16 spear, 4 archer. If I send all to Burgos, Vigo has 0. I should build in Vigo (2 spears).
        *   Let's check Badajoz [4]: has 18 spear, 9 archer. 4 spear arriving from Sevilha -> 22 spear, 9 archer. If I send 10 spear, 5 archer to Toledo, I have 12 spear, 4 archer left. Plus building 2 archers -> 12 spear, 6 archer. Good.
        *   Let's check Toledo [8]: has 10 spear, 2 archer. If I send 5 spear, 2 archer to Cordoba, I have 5 spear left. Plus building 2 spears -> 7 spear. Good.
        *   Let's check Madrid [12]: has 8 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight. If I send some to somewhere? No, I'm reinforcing Madrid, not sending from it. But wait, Madrid connects to Burgos and Zaragoza. I should keep some troops in Madrid to defend it, and maybe attack Zaragoza later. For now, just defend.
        *   Wait, can I attack Zaragoza from Madrid? Zaragoza has def 50. Madrid has 10 troops (def 25). Not enough. I need to reinforce Madrid first.

    *   Let's double check the enemy capital and other unexplored villages.
        *   The enemy capital is Barcelona [22]. I don't see it yet.
        *   To reach Barcelona, I need to go through Tarragona [21] or Girona [23].
        *   To reach Tarragona, I need to go through Zaragoza [17] or Castellon [18].
        *   So capturing Zaragoza [17] is key to opening the path to Barcelona.
        *   To capture Zaragoza, I need a massive army at Madrid.
        *   So reinforcing Madrid is the top priority for the northern front.
        *   For the southern front, capturing Murcia [15] opens the path to Valencia [16] and Castellon [18], which also leads to Barcelona.
        *   So capturing Murcia is also important.
        *   Let's focus on:
            1. Capture Burgos [14] (from Vigo) -> gets me 14 villages.
            2. Reinforce Madrid [12] (from Salamanca) -> prepare for Zaragoza.
            3. Reinforce Toledo [8] (from Badajoz) -> prepare for Teruel.
            4. Reinforce Cordoba [11] (from Sevilha and Toledo) -> prepare for Murcia.
            5. Build troops everywhere to maintain the flow.

    *   Let's write down the exact troop counts and ensure I don't exceed available troops.
        *   **Vigo [10] to Burgos [14]:**
            *   Available: 16 spear, 4 archer.
            *   Send: 16 spear, 4 archer.
        *   **Sevilha [9] to Cordoba [11]:**
            *   Available: 2 spear, 2 archer.
            *   Send: 2 spear, 2 archer.
        *   **Toledo [8] to Cordoba [11]:**
            *   Available: 10 spear, 2 archer.
            *   Send: 5 spear, 2 archer. (Leaves 5 spear, 0 archer).
        *   **Badajoz [4] to Toledo [8]:**
            *   Available: 18 spear, 9 archer (plus 4 spear arriving from Sevilha, but those are not "available to send now" because they are marching. Wait, the report says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 18 spearman, 9 archer". The 4 spear from Sevilha are marching and will arrive next turn, so they are not in the "available to send now" list. I must only send what is listed as "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW").
            *   So available: 18 spear, 9 archer.
            *   Send: 10 spear, 5 archer. (Leaves 8 spear, 4 archer).
        *   **Salamanca [7] to Madrid [12]:**
            *   Available: 12 spear, 14 archer, 3 knight.
            *   Send: 8 spear, 5 archer, 2 knight. (Leaves 4 spear, 9 archer, 1 knight).
        *   Are there any other movements?
            *   What about Coimbra [3]? It has 4 spear marching to Salamanca. No other troops available to send (4 spear, but they are already marching). Wait, the report says: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. already marching out (NOT available): 4 spearmen".
            *   So I can send the 4 spearman from Coimbra to somewhere else, or keep them. Let's send them to Salamanca? No, they are already marching to Salamanca ("already marching out (NOT available): 4 spearmen"). So I cannot change that march. I can only order new marches from Coimbra's available troops (4 spear).
            *   Let's send the 4 spear from Coimbra to Salamanca to reinforce it further, or to Porto, or just keep them. Coimbra is interior, no immediate threat. Let's send them to Salamanca to help defend the capital region (Salamanca is very strong, but more troops don't hurt). Or send them to Madrid? Coimbra to Madrid: `[3] Coimbra: [1], [6], [7]`. No direct road to Madrid. Coimbra -> Porto -> Vigo -> Burgos? No, Coimbra -> Salamanca -> Madrid. So Coimbra to Madrid takes 2 turns (via Salamanca). Better to send to Salamanca, then from Salamanca to Madrid next turn.
            *   Let's send the 4 spear from Coimbra to Salamanca.

    *   Let's review the build orders:
        *   [0] Lisboa: 2 archers (cost 40 wood, 20 iron). Wood 40, iron 140. OK.
        *   [1] Santarem: 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Wood 30, iron 170. OK.
        *   [2] Evora: 2 spears (cost 30 wood). Wood 30, iron 200. OK.
        *   [3] Coimbra: 2 spears (cost 30 wood). Wood 30, iron 170. OK.
        *   [4] Badajoz: 2 archers (cost 40 wood, 20 iron). Wood 40, iron 140. OK.
        *   [5] Faro: 2 spears (cost 30 wood). Wood 30, iron 170. OK.
        *   [6] Porto: 2 archers (cost 40 wood, 20 iron). Wood 40, iron 140. OK.
        *   [7] Salamanca: 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Wood 30, iron 50. OK.
        *   [8] Toledo: 2 spears (cost 30 wood). Wood 30, iron 90. OK.
        *   [9] Sevilha: 2 spears (cost 30 wood). Wood 30, iron 90. OK.
        *   [10] Vigo: 2 spears (cost 30 wood). Wood 30, iron 90. OK.
        *   [11] Cordoba: wood 0, iron 0. Cannot build.
        *   [12] Madrid: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Wood 60, iron 40. Total cost: 50 wood, 40 iron. OK.

    *   Let's double check if I can build more in Madrid:
        *   Wood 60, iron 40.
        *   1 knight (30w, 30i) + 1 archer (20w, 10i) = 50w, 40i. Leaves 10 wood, 0 iron.
        *   Can I build a spear instead of archer? 1 knight (30w, 30i) + 1 spear (15w, 0i) = 45w, 30i. Leaves 15 wood, 10 iron. This is also good, but archer is better combat-wise (attack 2 vs 1). Let's stick to 1 knight and 1 archer.

    *   Let's check the "plan" and "statement" requirements:
        *   "plan": NOTE TO YOUR NEXT TURN, 2 to 4 lines. Write what you are trying to do, what you must not forget, and what you decided NOT to do.
        *   "statement": 2 to 4 lines telling the audience what you did THIS turn. It may have emotion. This text never comes back to you.
        *   Language: ENGLISH.

    *   Let's draft the "plan":
        *   "This turn we focus on capturing Burgos to expand north and reinforcing our border villages against enemy counterattacks. We sent our full Vigo garrison to take Burgos, while Salamanca reinforces Madrid, Badajoz reinforces Toledo, and Sevilha/Toledo reinforce Cordoba for the push on Murcia. We must keep building troops to sustain these offensives and watch for enemy movements on our borders. Do not leave Madrid or Toledo under-defended."

    *   Let's draft the "statement":
        *   "Our armies are on the move! We have launched a major offensive from Vigo to capture the neutral village of Burgos, opening the path north. At the same time, we are shoring up our defenses: Salamanca is sending reinforcements to Madrid, Badajoz is bolstering Toledo, and we are preparing the assault on Murcia by reinforcing Cordoba. We are building troops across our empire to ensure we have the strength to push into enemy territory and secure our dominance!"

    *   Let's verify the JSON structure:
        ```json
        {
          "build": [
            {"villageId": 0, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
            {"villageId": 1, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
            {"villageId": 2, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
            {"villageId": 3, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
            {"villageId": 4, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
            {"villageId": 5, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
            {"villageId": 6, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
            {"villageId": 7, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
            {"villageId": 8, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
            {"villageId": 9, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
            {"villageId": 10, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
            {"villageId": 12, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
            {"villageId": 12, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}
          ],
          "movements": [
            {"fromId": 10, "toId": 14, "troops": {"spearman": 16, "archer": 4, "knight": 0}},
            {"fromId": 9, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 2, "knight": 0}},
            {"fromId": 8, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 5, "archer": 2, "knight": 0}},
            {"fromId": 4, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 10, "archer": 5, "knight": 0}},
            {"fromId": 7, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 8, "archer": 5, "knight": 2}},
            {"fromId": 3, "toId": 7, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}}
          ],
          "plan": "This turn we focus on capturing Burgos to expand north and reinforcing our border villages against enemy counterattacks. We sent our full Vigo garrison to take Burgos, while Salamanca reinforces Madrid, Badajoz reinforces Toledo, and Sevilha/Toledo reinforce Cordoba for the push on Murcia. We must keep building troops to sustain these offensives and watch for enemy movements on our borders. Do not leave Madrid or Toledo under-defended.",
          "statement": "Our armies are on the move! We have launched a major offensive from Vigo to capture the neutral village of Burgos, opening the path north. At the same time, we are shoring up our defenses: Salamanca is sending reinforcements to Madrid, Badajoz is bolstering Toledo, and we are preparing the assault on Murcia by reinforcing Cordoba. We are building troops across our empire to ensure we have the strength to push into enemy territory and secure our dominance!"
        }
        ```

    *   Let's double check the troop counts in movements:
        *   Vigo [10] to Burgos [14]: 16 spear, 4 archer. Vigo has 16 spear, 4 archer. Correct.
        *   Sevilha [9] to Cordoba [11]: 2 spear, 2 archer. Sevilha has 2 spear, 2 archer available. Correct.
        *   Toledo [8] to Cordoba [11]: 5 spear, 2 archer. Toledo has 10 spear, 2 archer. Sending 5 spear, 2 archer leaves 5 spear. Correct.
        *   Badajoz [4] to Toledo [8]: 10 spear, 5 archer. Badajoz has 18 spear, 9 archer. Sending 10 spear, 5 archer leaves 8 spear, 4 archer. Correct.
        *   Salamanca [7] to Madrid [12]: 8 spear, 5 archer, 2 knight. Salamanca has 12 spear, 14 archer, 3 knight. Sending 8 spear, 5 archer, 2 knight leaves 4 spear, 9 archer, 1 knight. Correct.
        *   Coimbra [3] to Salamanca [7]: 4 spear. Coimbra has 4 spear available. Correct.

    *   Let's check if there are any constraints I missed:
        *   "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."
            *   Lisboa: wood 40, iron 140. 2 archers cost 40 wood, 20 iron. Yes.
            *   Santarem: wood 30, iron 170. 1 knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Yes.
            *   Evora: wood 30, iron 200. 2 spears cost 30 wood. Yes.
            *   Coimbra: wood 30, iron 170. 2 spears cost 30 wood. Yes.
            *   Badajoz: wood 40, iron 140. 2 archers cost 40 wood, 20 iron. Yes.
            *   Faro: wood 30, iron 170. 2 spears cost 30 wood. Yes.
            *   Porto: wood 40, iron 140. 2 archers cost 40 wood, 20 iron. Yes.
            *   Salamanca: wood 30, iron 50. 1 knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Yes.
            *   Toledo: wood 30, iron 90. 2 spears cost 30 wood. Yes.
            *   Sevilha: wood 30, iron 90. 2 spears cost 30 wood. Yes.
            *   Vigo: wood 30, iron 90. 2 spears cost 30 wood. Yes.
            *   Madrid: wood 60, iron 40. 1 knight (30w, 30i) + 1 archer (20w, 10i) = 50w, 40i. Yes.
        *   "Cap per village: when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building". None of my villages are near 300.
        *   "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
            *   I am sending from Sevilha and Toledo to Cordoba. They will arrive at different times or fight separately if they arrive on the same turn. But since I'm just reinforcing, they will just join the garrison. If I attack Murcia next turn, I will send a single stack from Cordoba. So this is fine.
        *   "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination."
            *   Vigo to Burgos: Vigo -> [14] Burgos. Burgos is neutral, so they will stop and fight there. Correct.
            *   Sevilha to Cordoba: Sevilha -> [11] Cordoba (mine). They will join the garrison. Correct.
            *   Toledo to Cordoba: Toledo -> [11] Cordoba (mine). Join garrison. Correct.
            *   Badajoz to Toledo: Badajoz -> [8] Toledo (mine). Join garrison. Correct.
            *   Salamanca to Madrid: Salamanca -> [12] Madrid (mine). Join garrison. Correct.
            *   Coimbra to Salamanca: Coimbra -> [7] Salamanca (mine). Join garrison. Correct.
        *   "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." Yes, I am doing this.

    *   Let's check the enemy capital and unexplored villages.
        *   I don't have enough info about them, but my plan is to secure the borders first (Burgos, Murcia, Teruel, Zaragoza) and then push inward.
        *   The plan and statement look solid and符合 all rules.

    *   Let's format the JSON carefully. No trailing commas, correct quotes, correct types.
    *   The prompt says: "Reply with ONE valid JSON object and nothing else - no text before or after it."
    *   I will output only the JSON.

ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"arqueiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":10,"destinoId":14,"tropas":{"lanceiro":16,"arqueiro":4,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":9,"destinoId":11,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":8,"destinoId":11,"tropas":{"lanceiro":5,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":4,"destinoId":8,"tropas":{"lanceiro":10,"arqueiro":5,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":7,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":8,"arqueiro":5,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":3,"destinoId":7,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}}]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [4]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [6]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [6]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [8]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [8]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [10]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [10]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [12]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [12]
ACEITO envio [10]->[14]: 16S+4A (alvo neutra lanceiro)
ACEITO envio [9]->[11]: 2S+2A
ACEITO envio [8]->[11]: 5S+2A
ACEITO envio [4]->[8]: 10S+5A
ACEITO envio [7]->[12]: 8S+5A+2K
ACEITO envio [3]->[7]: 4S
plano (volta no proximo prompt): This turn we focus on capturing Burgos to expand north and reinforcing our border villages against enemy counterattacks. We sent our full Vigo garrison to take Burgos, while Salamanca reinforces Madrid, Badajoz reinforces Toledo, and Sevilha/Toledo reinforce Cordoba for the push on Murcia. We must keep building troops to sustain these offensives and watch for enemy movements on our borders. Do not leave Madrid or Toledo under-defended.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): Our armies are on the move! We have launched a major offensive from Vigo to capture the neutral village of Burgos, opening the path north. At the same time, we are shoring up our defenses: Salamanca is sending reinforcements to Madrid, Badajoz is bolstering Toledo, and we are preparing the assault on Murcia by reinforcing Cordoba. We are building troops across our empire to ensure we have the strength to push into enemy territory and secure our dominance!
########## TURNO 15 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4396 | resposta 15295 | raciocinio 11188 | finish stop | ms 203316
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 15, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 17, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 17, \"knight\": 3}},\n    {\"fromId\": 19, \"toId\": 14, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 5, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 4}},\n    {\"fromId\": 16, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 18, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 20, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 21, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Our campaign focuses on a multi-front offensive to expand our territory and secure key victories. This turn, we launch decisive attacks on Madrid from Zaragoza and the neutral Burgos from Pamplona, aiming to conquer both and increase our village count to 12. Simultaneously, we reinforce our eastern front by sending troops from Valencia and Castellon to Teruel, preparing for a massive push on Toledo next turn. We also move troops from Huesca and Tarragona to Zaragoza to secure our capital's border after the Madrid assault. We will continue building knights in all major villages to maintain our offensive momentum.\",\n  \"statement\": \"This turn, we struck hard on multiple fronts! From Zaragoza, our elite forces marched on Madrid and crushed the enemy garrison, reclaiming the city. In the north, Pamplona's army overwhelmed the neutral forces at Burgos, expanding our territory. While our main armies advanced, we quietly reinforced Teruel with troops from Valencia and Castellon, setting up a devastating blow against Toledo next turn. We also secured our rear by sending reinforcements to Zaragoza. The Kingdom of B is on the rise!\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B in a strategy game.
Let's analyze the current state of the game.
We need to output a JSON object with fields: "build", "movements", "plan", "statement".

Let's look at the current situation:
We have 10 villages. We need 18 of 24 (75%) to win, or eliminate all enemy villages.
Currently we hold 10 of 24.
The enemy is King A. Their capital is Lisboa [0], which is not required to win, but taking it is hard.
Our capital is Barcelona [22].
We have 72 soldiers at home (54 spearman, 3 archer, 15 knight) + 5 marching.
The armies on the march:
- 4 spearmen, 1 knight: [22] -> [13], arrives in 1 turn. (So they will arrive at Teruel this turn).

Let's look at our villages and resources:
- Barcelona [22]: wood 60, iron 120. Troops: 2 spearman. Marching out: 4 spearmen, 1 knight (arriving at [13] next turn).
- Tarragona [21]: wood 60, iron 110. Troops: 2 spearman.
- Girona [23]: wood 60, iron 110. Troops: 2 spearman.
- Castellon [18]: wood 60, iron 120. Troops: 2 spearman.
- Zaragoza [17]: wood 60, iron 60. Troops: 20 (17 spearman, 3 knight). Nearest border: [12] Madrid (enemy).
- Huesca [20]: wood 60, iron 110. Troops: 6 (4 spearman, 2 knight).
- Valencia [16]: wood 60, iron 80. Troops: 6 (4 spearman, 2 knight).
- Teruel [13]: wood 60, iron 100. Troops: 17 (12 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight). Border with [8] Toledo (enemy).
- Murcia [15]: wood 30, iron 20. Troops: 5 (4 spearman, 1 knight). Border with [11] Cordoba (enemy).
- Pamplona [19]: wood 30, iron 20. Troops: 10 (5 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knight). Border with [14] Burgos (neutral).

Let's look at the enemy villages we can see:
- [12] Madrid: enemy, garrison 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Effective defense 25. March from [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [8] Toledo: enemy, garrison 10 spearman, 2 archers. Effective defense 30. March from [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [11] Cordoba: enemy, garrison 2 archers, 1 knight. Effective defense 8. March from [15] Murcia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [14] Burgos: neutral, garrison 6 spearmen. Effective defense 15. March from [19] Pamplona: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [7] Salamanca: enemy (last seen). March from [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns.

Let's check the road network:
- [17] Zaragoza connects to: [12], [13], [19], [20], [21].
- [13] Teruel connects to: [8], [16], [17], [18].
- [15] Murcia connects to: [11], [16].
- [19] Pamplona connects to: [14], [17], [20].

Let's think about our strategy.
We currently have 10 villages. We need 18 to win.
The enemy has villages: [12] Madrid, [8] Toledo, [11] Cordoba, [7] Salamanca, [0] Lisboa, [1] Santarem, [2] Evora, [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz, [5] Faro, [6] Porto, [9] Sevilha, [10] Vigo.
Wait, the total number of villages on the map is 24 (indices 0 to 23).
Our villages: 10 (indices 13, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23).
Neutral villages: [14] Burgos. Are there other neutrals? The unexplored ones are [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto, [10] Vigo, [3] Coimbra, [9] Sevilha, [5] Faro, [1] Santarem, [0] Lisboa, [2] Evora. Some of these might be enemy or neutral, but the map has 24 villages in total.
If we conquer enemy villages, we get them.
Let's see what we can attack this turn.
We can attack:
- [12] Madrid from [17] Zaragoza. Madrid has defense 25. We have 17 spearman, 3 knight in Zaragoza. If we send all, we have 17 spearman (attack 1 each = 17) + 3 knight (attack 4 each = 12). Total attack = 29. But spearman is slow, knight is fast. Mixed army marches at slowest speed (slow).
Wait, if we attack Madrid, the enemy might defend or attack us. But combat is simultaneous.
Let's look at the troops we can send from Zaragoza: 17 spearman, 3 knight.
If we send them to Madrid, they will take 1 slow turn (since march from [17] to [12] is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn).
Wait, march time: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means if the army has slow troops, it takes 1 turn? Or does it mean the travel time is 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast? Usually it means 1 turn for slow, so 1 turn overall if mixed (since mixed is slowest). Let's check: "march from [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". This means 1 turn for any speed, or 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast. So it takes 1 turn to march.
Wait, what about Teruel [13] to Toledo [8]? "march from [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". Also 1 turn.
Murcia [15] to Cordoba [11]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. 1 turn.
Pamplona [19] to Burgos [14]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. 1 turn.

Let's look at the enemy's possible moves:
Last turn, King A attacked [12] Madrid (conquered it) and [11] Cordoba (conquered it).
Wait! Last turn, King A attacked YOUR [12] Madrid and conquered it! And King A attacked the neutral village [11] Cordoba and conquered it!
So Madrid and Cordoba are now enemy villages! That explains why they are listed as ENEMY (King A).
And Toledo [8] is also enemy.
So the enemy has Madrid, Toledo, Cordoba.
Let's look at the enemy's troops:
Madrid: 8 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight. Defense 25.
Toledo: 10 spearmen, 2 archers. Defense 30.
Cordoba: 2 archers, 1 knight. Defense 8.
Salamanca: 6 spearmen, 8 archers, 1 knight (last seen).

We need to build troops and attack.
Let's look at our resources and what we can build.
Build costs:
spearman: 15 wood + 0 iron.
archer: 20 wood + 10 iron.
knight: 30 wood + 30 iron.
Each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn.
Let's check the wood and iron of our villages:
- Barcelona [22]: wood 60, iron 120. Can build:
  - spearman: needs 15 wood. We have 60 wood. Can build up to 4 spearman (60/15 = 4).
  - archer: needs 20 wood + 10 iron. We have 60 wood, 120 iron. Can build up to 3 archers (limited by wood 60/20 = 3, iron 120/10 = 12).
  - knight: needs 30 wood + 30 iron. We have 60 wood, 120 iron. Can build up to 2 knights (limited by wood 60/30 = 2, iron 120/30 = 4).
- Tarragona [21]: wood 60, iron 110. Same as Barcelona, can build up to 4 spearman, 3 archers, 2 knights.
- Girona [23]: wood 60, iron 110. Same.
- Castellon [18]: wood 60, iron 120. Same.
- Zaragoza [17]: wood 60, iron 60. Can build:
  - spearman: 60/15 = 4.
  - archer: 60/20 = 3 wood, 60/10 = 6 iron. So 3 archers.
  - knight: 60/30 = 2 wood, 60/30 = 2 iron. So 2 knights.
- Huesca [20]: wood 60, iron 110. Same as Tarragona.
- Valencia [16]: wood 60, iron 80. Can build:
  - spearman: 4.
  - archer: 3 wood, 8 iron. So 3 archers.
  - knight: 2 wood, 2 iron (80/30 = 2). So 2 knights.
- Teruel [13]: wood 60, iron 100. Can build:
  - spearman: 4.
  - archer: 3 wood, 10 iron. So 3 archers.
  - knight: 2 wood, 3 iron (100/30 = 3). So 2 knights.
- Murcia [15]: wood 30, iron 20. Can build:
  - spearman: 30/15 = 2.
  - archer: 30/20 = 1 wood, 20/10 = 2 iron. So 1 archer.
  - knight: 30/30 = 1 wood, 20/30 = 0 iron. So 0 knights (needs 30 iron, only has 20).
- Pamplona [19]: wood 30, iron 20. Same as Murcia: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight.

Let's think about where to build and where to attack.
Our goal is to hold 18 villages or eliminate enemy villages.
Currently we have 10. The enemy has at least: Madrid, Toledo, Cordoba, Salamanca, and the capital Lisboa, plus others. Total enemy villages is probably around 13-14.
If we conquer Madrid, Toledo, Cordoba, we get 13 villages. We need 18, so we need to conquer more.
Let's look at the fronts:
Zaragoza [17] faces Madrid [12]. Madrid has 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight (defense 25).
Teruel [13] faces Toledo [8]. Toledo has 10 spearman, 2 archers (defense 30).
Murcia [15] faces Cordoba [11]. Cordoba has 2 archers, 1 knight (defense 8).
Pamplona [19] faces Burgos [14] (neutral). Burgos has 6 spearmen (defense 15).

Let's look at the troops we have at the front:
Zaragoza [17]: 17 spearman, 3 knight. Total attack if all sent: 17*1 + 3*4 = 29.
Madrid defense is 25. Since we are attacking, our attack is 29, their defense is 25. 29 > 25, so we would win if we send all. But wait, is there a counter bonus?
Our army: 17 spearman, 3 knight. Most numerous is spearman.
Enemy army: 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous is spearman.
Spearman vs spearman: no counter bonus (spearman counters knight, archer counters spearman, knight counters archer).
Wait, if we send 17 spearman and 3 knight, the most numerous is spearman. Enemy's most numerous is spearman. No counter bonus.
What if we send some archers? We don't have archers in Zaragoza (only 0 archers available).
Wait, we have 4 spearmen and 1 knight marching from Barcelona [22] to Teruel [13]. They will arrive at Teruel this turn.
So Teruel will have: 12 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight + 4 spearman, 1 knight = 16 spearman, 2 archer, 4 knight.
Toledo [8] has 10 spearman, 2 archers. Defense 30.
If we attack Toledo from Teruel with all troops: 16 spearman (attack 16) + 2 archer (attack 4) + 4 knight (attack 16). Total attack = 36.
Enemy defense is 30. 36 > 30, so we would win.
But wait, what is the counter matchup?
Our army: 16 spearman, 2 archer, 4 knight. Most numerous is spearman.
Enemy army: 10 spearman, 2 archers. Most numerous is spearman.
No counter bonus.
What if we send archers and knights? We have 2 archers and 4 knights. If we send only archers and knights, the most numerous would be knight (4) or archer (2). But we have 16 spearmans, so spearman is still the most numerous unless we don't send them. But we want to win with maximum force.

Let's look at Murcia [15] attacking Cordoba [11].
Murcia has 4 spearman, 1 knight. Cordoba has 2 archers, 1 knight. Defense 8.
If we send all from Murcia: 4 spearman (attack 4) + 1 knight (attack 4) = 8 attack. Defense is 8. Tie favors defender! So we would lose or tie. We need more troops.
Can we send troops from Valencia [16] to Murcia [15]?
Valencia is connected to Murcia [15] via road: [16] Valencia connects to [13], [15], [18]. Yes, [16] connects to [15]!
Let's check the road network: "[15] Murcia (yours): [11], [16]" and "[16] Valencia (yours): [13], [15], [18]". Yes, they are connected!
So we can send troops from Valencia [16] to Murcia [15] to reinforce it.
Valencia has 4 spearman, 2 knight. If we send them to Murcia, Murcia will have 4+4=8 spearman, 1+2=3 knight. Total attack: 8*1 + 3*4 = 20. Cordoba defense is 8. 20 > 8, easy win.
Wait, can we send troops from Valencia to Cordoba directly? No, we must march to Murcia first, then attack Cordoba. Or we can march from Valencia to Murcia, and from Murcia to Cordoba in the same turn? No, "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So if we send from Valencia to Cordoba, they will stop at Murcia (which is ours) and then... wait, Murcia is ours, so they pass through it? "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there... The same rule protects your INTERIOR villages (no enemy neighbour): every road into one of them passes through another of your villages, where an enemy army stops and fights."
But for our own troops: "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements."
If we send from Valencia [16] to Cordoba [11], the path is [16] -> [15] -> [11]. Since [15] is ours, do they stop there? "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". Since [15] is ours, they don't stop to fight, but do they stop to join the garrison? "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." If we order them to go to [11] Cordoba, they will march [16] -> [15] -> [11]. Since [15] is ours, they pass through it? Or do they stop at [15] because it's a village? "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there... You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." This implies if we target [11], they march to [11] and fight there. But wait, the travel time from [16] to [11] via [15] would be the sum of [16] to [15] and [15] to [11].
Let's check the distances:
[16] to [15]: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" - wait, that's for Valencia to Teruel. What about Valencia to Murcia?
Let's look at the road network:
[15] Murcia: [11], [16]. So [16] is directly connected to [15].
[11] Cordoba: [8], [9], [15]. So [15] is directly connected to [11].
So the path is [16] -> [15] -> [11].
If we send from [16] to [11], the distance is 2 steps. It would take 2 turns.
If we send from [16] to [15], it takes 1 turn. Then next turn we can send from [15] to [11].
It is safer to send from [16] to [15] this turn, so they arrive next turn, and then next turn we can attack [11] from [15] with the combined forces. Or we can send from [15] to [11] this turn, and from [16] to [15] this turn, so they arrive at [15] next turn, and then we attack [11] the turn after.
Wait, can we send from [15] to [11] this turn? Yes, Murcia has 4 spearman, 1 knight. If we send them to [11] this turn, they will arrive next turn. And we send from [16] to [15] this turn, they arrive next turn. So next turn [15] has the reinforcements, and the attack on [11] arrives next turn? No, if we send from [15] to [11] this turn, they march and arrive next turn. The reinforcements from [16] to [15] also arrive next turn. So they don't combine for the attack on [11] unless we send the attack next turn.
Actually, if we send from [16] to [11] directly, they will march [16] -> [15] -> [11]. Since [15] is ours, they pass through it and arrive at [11] in 2 turns. But wait, "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if we send from [15] to [11] (arrives in 1 turn) and from [16] to [11] (arrives in 2 turns), they arrive at different turns.
If we send from [16] to [15] (arrives in 1 turn) and from [15] to [11] (arrives in 1 turn), they still don't add up because they are sent from different villages (one from [15] this turn, one from [16] this turn but arriving at [15] next turn, so they can be sent from [15] next turn).
Wait, if we send from [16] to [15] this turn, they arrive at [15] next turn. Then next turn we can send them from [15] to [11] along with the troops already at [15]. That way they add up!
So the best way is:
This turn:
- Send from [16] Valencia to [15] Murcia: 4 spearman, 2 knight. (They will arrive at [15] next turn).
- Send from [15] Murcia to [11] Cordoba: 4 spearman, 1 knight. (They will arrive at [11] next turn).
Next turn:
- At [15], we will have the original 4 spearman, 1 knight (which we sent to [11] this turn, so they are marching) + the 4 spearman, 2 knight arriving from [16]. So we will have 4 spearman, 2 knight at [15] next turn.
- Then next turn we can send those 4 spearman, 2 knight from [15] to [11] to fight alongside the first batch? No, "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." But if they are sent from the SAME village [15] in the same turn, they do add up!
So if we wait one turn, we can send a larger army from [15] to [11] next turn.
But wait, if we send from [15] to [11] this turn, they arrive next turn and fight. If we don't send anything this turn, the enemy might do something. But Cordoba is already enemy, they might attack us or just sit there.
Actually, Cordoba has only 2 archers, 1 knight (defense 8). Our 4 spearman, 1 knight has attack 8. Tie goes to defender, so we might lose. If we send more, we win.
Let's look at the other fronts.
Zaragoza [17] to Madrid [12].
Zaragoza has 17 spearman, 3 knight. Madrid has defense 25.
If we send all 20 troops from Zaragoza to Madrid, they will arrive next turn and fight. Attack is 29, defense is 25. We win.
But wait, what about our other villages? If we send all troops from Zaragoza, Zaragoza will have 0 troops. Is that safe?
Zaragoza is a border village with Madrid. If we leave it empty, and the enemy attacks it? The enemy is in Madrid, they could attack Zaragoza. But Madrid's troops are 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. If they attack Zaragoza, they would need to march to Zaragoza. But we are attacking Madrid, so maybe they are defending Madrid. Combat is simultaneous, so they might attack Zaragoza while we attack Madrid.
If they attack Zaragoza, Zaragoza has defense 50 (effective defense 50!). That is very high! "effective defense (location bonus included): 50". So even with 0 troops, the village defense is 50. The enemy would need a huge army to take it, and they would lose a lot. So leaving Zaragoza empty is probably fine for one turn, but we should leave some troops if possible, or build more.
Wait, can we build troops in Zaragoza this turn?
Zaragoza has wood 60, iron 60. We can build 4 spearman, or 3 archers, or 2 knights.
If we build 4 spearman, they will be ready next turn. But we can only send troops that are already at home. "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 17 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight". The newly built troops are not available to send this turn, they will be available next turn.
So if we build 4 spearman in Zaragoza, they will be at home next turn, and we can send them next turn.
What about Teruel [13]?
Teruel has 12 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. Plus 4 spearman, 1 knight arriving from Barcelona this turn.
So Teruel will have 16 spearman, 2 archer, 4 knight next turn.
Toledo [8] has defense 30.
If we send all from Teruel to Toledo, attack is 36, defense is 30. We win.
But if we send all, Teruel will be empty. Teruel's effective defense is 43. So it's quite safe.
What about Pamplona [19] to Burgos [14] (neutral)?
Burgos has 6 spearmen, defense 15.
Pamplona has 5 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knight. Attack if all sent: 5*1 + 1*2 + 4*4 = 23. Defense is 15. 23 > 15, we win.
If we conquer Burgos, we get a village! That would bring our total to 11 villages.
And Burgos is neutral, so no enemy counter-attack from there (unless they march from elsewhere, but Burgos is connected to [10] Vigo, [12] Madrid, [19] Pamplona. Madrid is enemy, so they could attack Burgos from Madrid, but Madrid is already attacked by us).
Let's check the connections of Burgos [14]: [10], [12], [19].
If we take Burgos, it will be our village. It borders Madrid [12] and Vigo [10].
Taking Burgos is a good move to expand our territory.

Let's look at the overall plan.
We want to conquer:
1. Madrid [12] from Zaragoza [17].
2. Toledo [8] from Teruel [13].
3. Cordoba [11] from Murcia [15] (or Valencia [16] reinforcing).
4. Burgos [14] from Pamplona [19].

If we do all four attacks this turn, we could conquer 4 villages!
Let's check if we have enough troops to do all four attacks simultaneously.
- Zaragoza [17] -> Madrid [12]: send 17 spearman, 3 knight. (Leaves 0 troops in Zaragoza).
- Teruel [13] -> Toledo [8]: send 12 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. (The 4 spearman, 1 knight from Barcelona are arriving this turn, so they are not in Teruel yet at the start of the turn. Wait! "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now. Nothing you order this turn is visible to them before it happens."
The snapshot shows Teruel has 12 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. The 4 spearman, 1 knight are marching and "arrives in 1 turn". This means they arrive at the END of the turn, or during the turn? "arrives in 1 turn" means they arrive after the turn's movements, so they are not available for ordering this turn. They will be available next turn.
So from Teruel, we can only send the 12 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight.
Attack: 12*1 + 2*2 + 3*4 = 12 + 4 + 12 = 28.
Toledo defense is 30. 28 < 30, so we would lose!
Ah! If we send only 12 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight, our attack is 28, which is less than Toledo's defense of 30. We would lose!
Wait, can we send some troops from another village to Teruel this turn?
Teruel is connected to [8], [16], [17], [18].
[16] Valencia is connected to [13] Teruel. We can send troops from Valencia [16] to Teruel [13] this turn. They will arrive next turn, so they won't help this turn's attack on Toledo.
[18] Castellon is connected to [13] Teruel. We can send troops from Castellon [18] to Teruel [13] this turn. They arrive next turn.
[17] Zaragoza is connected to [13] Teruel. We can send troops from Zaragoza to Teruel this turn. They arrive next turn.
So we cannot reinforce Teruel for this turn's attack on Toledo.
Wait, what if we don't attack Toledo this turn, but instead build troops in Teruel and attack next turn?
Or, what if we send some troops from Teruel to Toledo, but not all, and keep some for defense? But we still lose because 28 < 30.
Wait, is there a counter bonus?
Toledo has 10 spearman, 2 archers. Most numerous is spearman.
If we send from Teruel: 12 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. Most numerous is spearman. No counter bonus.
What if we send only archers and knights? We have 2 archers and 3 knights. Most numerous would be knight (3) vs spearman (10). Knight counters archer, but enemy has spearman as most numerous. So no counter bonus.
What if we send only knights? 3 knights vs 10 spearman. Knight does not counter spearman. Spearman counters knight! So if we send only knights, the enemy's most numerous is spearman, which counters our knights. The enemy gets a 1.5x bonus to their whole army! That would be terrible.
So we cannot win against Toledo with the current troops in Teruel.
Wait, what if we send troops from Valencia [16] to Teruel [13] this turn, and they arrive next turn, and we also send the Barcelona troops (which arrive this turn) next turn?
Next turn, Teruel will have: 12 (original) + 4 (from Barcelona) + 4 (from Valencia) = 20 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight + 2 knight (from Valencia) = 20 spearman, 2 archer, 5 knight.
Then we can attack Toledo next turn with a much larger army.
But what do we do this turn with Teruel's troops? We can just leave them there, or send some to Zaragoza? No, we want to keep them in Teruel to defend or prepare for next turn's attack.
Wait, can we attack Madrid from Zaragoza this turn?
Zaragoza has 17 spearman, 3 knight. Attack = 29. Madrid defense = 25. 29 > 25, we win!
Let's double check the counter bonus for Madrid attack:
Madrid has 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous is spearman.
Our army from Zaragoza: 17 spearman, 3 knight. Most numerous is spearman.
No counter bonus. Attack 29 vs defense 25. We win!
What about Murcia [15] to Cordoba [11]?
Murcia has 4 spearman, 1 knight. Attack = 8. Cordoba defense = 8. Tie goes to defender, so we lose.
If we send from Valencia [16] to Murcia [15] this turn, they arrive next turn. So they can't help this turn.
What if we send from Valencia [16] to Cordoba [11] directly?
The path is [16] -> [15] -> [11]. It takes 2 turns. So they would arrive in 2 turns.
If we send from Murcia [15] to Cordoba [11] this turn, they arrive next turn. But we lose because 8 vs 8 tie.
So we shouldn't attack Cordoba this turn. We should wait for reinforcements from Valencia [16] to Murcia [15], and then attack next turn.
What about Pamplona [19] to Burgos [14]?
Pamplona has 5 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knight. Attack = 5 + 2 + 16 = 23. Burgos defense = 15. 23 > 15, we win!
Let's check counter bonus:
Burgos has 6 spearmen. Most numerous is spearman.
Our army: 5 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knight. Most numerous is spearman (5) vs knight (4). Spearman is most numerous. No counter bonus.
So we win 23 vs 15.
If we conquer Burgos, we get a village.

Let's review the attacks we can do this turn:
1. Zaragoza [17] -> Madrid [12]: send 17 spearman, 3 knight. (Win)
2. Pamplona [19] -> Burgos [14]: send 5 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knight. (Win)
3. Teruel [13] -> do nothing (or build troops). We can't win against Toledo yet.
4. Murcia [15] -> do nothing. We can't win against Cordoba yet.
Wait, can we send troops from Zaragoza to Teruel to help against Toledo next turn?
Zaragoza has 17 spearman, 3 knight. If we send some to Teruel, they will arrive next turn.
But we need to attack Madrid this turn. If we send some from Zaragoza to Teruel, we have fewer troops to attack Madrid.
Let's see: Madrid defense is 25. If we send 10 spearman, 3 knight from Zaragoza, attack is 10 + 12 = 22 < 25, we lose.
If we send 12 spearman, 3 knight, attack is 12 + 12 = 24 < 25, we lose.
If we send 13 spearman, 3 knight, attack is 13 + 12 = 25. Tie goes to defender, so we lose.
So we need at least 14 spearman, 3 knight (attack 26) or 17 spearman, 2 knight (attack 21 < 25) or 17 spearman, 3 knight (attack 29).
Basically, we need almost all troops from Zaragoza to take Madrid.
So we cannot send troops from Zaragoza to Teruel this turn if we want to take Madrid.
But we can send troops from other villages to Teruel to prepare for next turn's attack on Toledo.
Which villages can reach Teruel?
- Barcelona [22] is already sending 4 spearman, 1 knight (arrives this turn).
- Valencia [16] can send troops to Teruel [13]. Valencia has 4 spearman, 2 knight. If we send them to Teruel, they arrive next turn.
- Castellon [18] can send troops to Teruel [13]. Castellon has 2 spearman. We can send them to Teruel, they arrive next turn.
- Huesca [20] is connected to [17] Zaragoza, not directly to [13] Teruel. Let's check: [20] Huesca connects to [17], [19], [23]. So Huesca cannot reach Teruel directly without going through Zaragoza, which would take 2 turns.
- Tarragona [21] connects to [17], [18], [22]. To reach Teruel, it would go [21] -> [18] -> [13] or [21] -> [17] -> [13]. That's 2 turns.
- Girona [23] connects to [20], [22]. To reach Teruel, it would take many turns.

So this turn, we can send:
- From Valencia [16] to Teruel [13]: 4 spearman, 2 knight. (Arrives next turn).
- From Castellon [18] to Teruel [13]: 2 spearman. (Arrives next turn).
- From Barcelona [22] to Teruel [13]: already marching, 4 spearman, 1 knight (arrives this turn).
So next turn, Teruel will have:
Original: 12 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight.
Arriving this turn: 4 spearman, 1 knight.
Arriving next turn: 4 spearman, 2 knight (from Valencia), 2 spearman (from Castellon).
Total next turn: 12 + 4 + 4 + 2 = 22 spearman, 2 archer, 3 + 1 + 2 = 6 knight.
That is a huge army! Attack would be 22*1 + 2*2 + 6*4 = 22 + 4 + 24 = 50. Toledo defense is 30. We would crush them!
And we can also build troops in Teruel this turn.
Teruel has wood 60, iron 100. We can build 4 spearman, 3 archers, 2 knights.
If we build 4 spearman, they will be available next turn.
If we build 3 archers, they will be available next turn.
If we build 2 knights, they will be available next turn.
Let's see what is most useful. Knights have high attack (4) and cost 30 wood + 30 iron. Archers have attack 2 and cost 20 wood + 10 iron. Spearman have attack 1 and cost 15 wood.
To maximize attack power, knights are best (4 attack for 30 wood + 30 iron, which is 1 attack per 7.5 wood + 7.5 iron). Archers are 2 attack for 20 wood + 10 iron (1 attack per 10 wood + 5 iron). Spearman are 1 attack for 15 wood.
But we also need to consider the counter bonus.
If we have a lot of spearman, they are vulnerable to archers. Toledo has 10 spearman, 2 archers. If we attack with mostly spearman, the enemy's archers will counter our spearman if archer becomes the most numerous? No, enemy has 10 spearman and 2 archers, so spearman is most numerous. But if we have a mix, we should have some archers to counter their spearman if we can make archer our most numerous. But we will have 22 spearman, so spearman will be most numerous anyway.
Actually, having more knights is good because they are fast and have high attack, but they are vulnerable to spearman if spearman is most numerous. But since our spearman count is very high (22), spearman will be our most numerous type, so our knights are safe from being countered (the counter triangle is based on the MOST NUMEROUS type of each army. If our most numerous is spearman, and enemy's most numerous is spearman, there is no counter bonus for either side. So our knights just act as normal troops with attack 4).
So building knights is very efficient for pure attack power.
Let's build 2 knights in Teruel [13] this turn. Cost: 60 wood, 60 iron. Teruel has 60 wood, 100 iron. So we can build 2 knights.
We can also build 4 spearman in Teruel? We only have 60 wood. If we build 2 knights, we use 60 wood, so we have 0 wood left for spearman. So we can only build 2 knights.
What about other villages?
We should build troops in all our villages to grow our army.
Let's check the resources of our villages and build the maximum possible troops.
- Barcelona [22]: wood 60, iron 120. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) or 4 spearman (60 wood) or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 2 knights (high attack) or 4 spearman? We need troops for the front. Barcelona is interior, but we can send them to the front. Let's build 4 spearman or 2 knights. Knights are better for attack, but they cost iron. We have plenty of iron. Let's build 2 knights.
Wait, Barcelona is already sending 4 spearman, 1 knight. If we build 2 knights, they will be at home next turn. We can send them to Teruel or Zaragoza next turn.
- Tarragona [21]: wood 60, iron 110. Build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
- Girona [23]: wood 60, iron 110. Build 2 knights.
- Castellon [18]: wood 60, iron 120. Build 2 knights. (We are also sending 2 spearman to Teruel this turn).
- Zaragoza [17]: wood 60, iron 60. Build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Or 4 spearman? Zaragoza is sending almost all troops to Madrid. If we build 2 knights, they will be at home next turn to defend Zaragoza. That is very good because Zaragoza will be empty after we attack Madrid. So building 2 knights in Zaragoza is a great idea.
- Huesca [20]: wood 60, iron 110. Build 2 knights.
- Valencia [16]: wood 60, iron 80. Build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). (We are also sending 4 spearman, 2 knight to Teruel this turn). Wait, Valencia has 4 spearman, 2 knight at home. If we send 4 spearman, 2 knight to Teruel, Valencia will have 0 troops. But we can build 2 knights this turn, so next turn Valencia will have 2 knights.
- Teruel [13]: wood 60, iron 100. Build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
- Murcia [15]: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Let's build 2 spearman.
- Pamplona [19]: wood 30, iron 20. Build 2 spearman. (We are sending all troops to Burgos, so Pamplona will be empty. Building 2 spearman gives us a small garrison for next turn).

Let's review the movements:
1. Zaragoza [17] -> Madrid [12]: send 17 spearman, 3 knight. (Attack 29 vs defense 25, we win).
2. Pamplona [19] -> Burgos [14]: send 5 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knight. (Attack 23 vs defense 15, we win).
3. Valencia [16] -> Teruel [13]: send 4 spearman, 2 knight. (Reinforce Teruel for next turn).
4. Castellon [18] -> Teruel [13]: send 2 spearman. (Reinforce Teruel).
5. Barcelona [22] -> Teruel [13]: already marching (4 spearman, 1 knight), arrives this turn. We don't need to order it again.

Wait, is there any other movement we should do?
What about Murcia [15]? We decided not to attack Cordoba this turn because we would lose. But should we send some troops from Murcia to somewhere else? No, keep them in Murcia to defend, or we can send them to Valencia? No, Valencia is sending troops to Teruel, so Valencia will be empty. But Murcia is connected to Valencia [16] and Cordoba [11]. If we send from Murcia to Valencia, they will arrive next turn. But Valencia is sending troops to Teruel, so Valencia will be empty. If we send Murcia troops to Valencia, they can defend Valencia. But Valencia is interior (no enemy border). "INTERIOR (no enemy border)" - wait, Valencia is listed as INTERIOR. So it doesn't need defense from enemy because no enemy can reach it without passing through another of our villages. So we don't need to defend Valencia.
What about Huesca [20]? It is interior, nearest front is Zaragoza. We can send troops from Huesca to Zaragoza to defend Zaragoza after we leave it!
Huesca has 4 spearman, 2 knight. If we send them to Zaragoza, they will arrive next turn (since march from Huesca to Zaragoza is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns). This is excellent because Zaragoza will be empty after we attack Madrid, and Huesca can reinforce it!
Let's check the march distance from Huesca [20] to Zaragoza [17]: "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". Yes, 1 turn!
So we can send 4 spearman, 2 knight from Huesca [20] to Zaragoza [17] this turn. They will arrive next turn, just in time to defend Zaragoza if the enemy attacks it.
This is a very smart move.

Let's check if we can send troops from Tarragona [21] or Girona [23] to Zaragoza or Teruel.
Tarragona [21] to Zaragoza [17]: "[21] Tarragona ... from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". Yes, 1 turn!
So we can send troops from Tarragona to Zaragoza as well.
Tarragona has 2 spearman. We can send them to Zaragoza.
Girona [23] to Zaragoza: "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So 2 turns. We can send them, but they will take 2 turns. Better to send them to Tarragona or keep them.
Actually, we have many interior villages with 2 spearman each: Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Castellon.
Castellon is sending 2 spearman to Teruel.
Tarragona can send 2 spearman to Zaragoza.
Barcelona is already sending 4 spearman, 1 knight to Teruel (arrives this turn). We can also send the newly built troops next turn.

Let's summarize the movements for this turn:
- Zaragoza [17] -> Madrid [12]: 17 spearman, 3 knight.
- Pamplona [19] -> Burgos [14]: 5 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knight.
- Valencia [16] -> Teruel [13]: 4 spearman, 2 knight.
- Castellon [18] -> Teruel [13]: 2 spearman.
- Huesca [20] -> Zaragoza [17]: 4 spearman, 2 knight.
- Tarragona [21] -> Zaragoza [17]: 2 spearman.

Let's check if we have enough troops for these movements:
- Zaragoza [17]: has 17 spearman, 3 knight. Sending 17 spearman, 3 knight. Valid.
- Pamplona [19]: has 5 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knight. Sending 5 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knight. Valid.
- Valencia [16]: has 4 spearman, 2 knight. Sending 4 spearman, 2 knight. Valid.
- Castellon [18]: has 2 spearman. Sending 2 spearman. Valid.
- Huesca [20]: has 4 spearman, 2 knight. Sending 4 spearman, 2 knight. Valid.
- Tarragona [21]: has 2 spearman. Sending 2 spearman. Valid.

This leaves:
- Zaragoza [17]: 0 troops (but we build 2 knights this turn, so next turn it will have 2 knights, plus reinforcements from Huesca and Tarragona arriving next turn).
- Pamplona [19]: 0 troops (but we build 2 spearman this turn, so next turn it will have 2 spearman).
- Valencia [16]: 0 troops (but we build 2 knights this turn, so next turn it will have 2 knights).
- Castellon [18]: 0 troops (but we build 2 knights this turn, so next turn it will have 2 knights).
- Huesca [20]: 0 troops (but we build 2 knights this turn, so next turn it will have 2 knights).
- Tarragona [21]: 0 troops (but we build 2 knights this turn, so next turn it will have 2 knights).
- Teruel [13]: we keep the 12 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. (Plus we build 2 knights this turn, so next turn it will have 12 spearman, 2 archer, 5 knight, plus the marching troops arriving).
- Murcia [15]: we keep 4 spearman, 1 knight. (Plus we build 2 spearman this turn).
- Barcelona [22]: we keep 2 spearman. (Plus we build 2 knights this turn, and the 4 spearman, 1 knight that were marching are now at Teruel).

This is a very solid set of moves!
Let's double check the combat outcomes:
1. Zaragoza [17] -> Madrid [12]:
Our troops: 17 spearman, 3 knight.
Attack: 17*1 + 3*4 = 29.
Enemy troops: 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
Defense: 25 (effective defense already includes location bonus).
Most numerous: spearman vs spearman. No counter bonus.
29 > 25. We win! Madrid is conquered.
The loser (enemy) is destroyed entirely. The winner (us) loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types.
Loser's effective force: 25. Half is 12.5, so we lose troops worth 12.5.
Our army size was 29. We lose about 43% of our troops. But since we conquer the village, the surviving troops stay there as the new garrison. So Madrid will have some troops left.

2. Pamplona [19] -> Burgos [14]:
Our troops: 5 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knight.
Attack: 5*1 + 1*2 + 4*4 = 23.
Enemy troops: 6 spearmen.
Defense: 15 (effective defense).
Most numerous: spearman vs spearman. No counter bonus.
23 > 15. We win! Burgos is conquered.
Loser's effective force: 15. Half is 7.5. We lose troops worth 7.5.
Our army size was 23. We lose about 32% of our troops. Survivors stay in Burgos.

3. Valencia [16] -> Teruel [13], Castellon [18] -> Teruel [13], Barcelona [22] -> Teruel [13]:
These are reinforcements, no combat.

4. Huesca [20] -> Zaragoza [17], Tarragona [21] -> Zaragoza [17]:
These are reinforcements, no combat.

Let's check if there are any other attacks we should consider.
What about Salamanca [7]? It is enemy, but we don't have a direct border with it. Zaragoza is connected to Madrid [12], and Madrid is connected to Salamanca [7]. So we can't attack Salamanca directly yet. We need to take Madrid first, then from Madrid we can attack Salamanca.

Let's write down the build orders:
- Barcelona [22]: build 2 knights. (Cost: 60 wood, 60 iron. We have 60 wood, 120 iron). Valid.
- Tarragona [21]: build 2 knights. (Cost: 60 wood, 60 iron. We have 60 wood, 110 iron). Valid.
- Girona [23]: build 2 knights. (Cost: 60 wood, 60 iron. We have 60 wood, 110 iron). Valid.
- Castellon [18]: build 2 knights. (Cost: 60 wood, 60 iron. We have 60 wood, 120 iron). Valid.
- Zaragoza [17]: build 2 knights. (Cost: 60 wood, 60 iron. We have 60 wood, 60 iron). Valid.
- Huesca [20]: build 2 knights. (Cost: 60 wood, 60 iron. We have 60 wood, 110 iron). Valid.
- Valencia [16]: build 2 knights. (Cost: 60 wood, 60 iron. We have 60 wood, 80 iron). Valid.
- Teruel [13]: build 2 knights. (Cost: 60 wood, 60 iron. We have 60 wood, 100 iron). Valid.
- Murcia [15]: build 2 spearman. (Cost: 30 wood, 0 iron. We have 30 wood, 20 iron). Valid.
- Pamplona [19]: build 2 spearman. (Cost: 30 wood, 0 iron. We have 30 wood, 20 iron). Valid.

Wait, can we build archers instead of knights in some villages?
Knights are more expensive but have higher attack. Since we are focusing on offensive pushes, knights are great. But we also need to consider iron production.
Each village produces 20 iron per turn. If we build 2 knights, we use 60 iron. But we also produce 20 iron, so net change is -40 iron. Over time, iron will accumulate if we don't spend it, but we are spending it to build knights.
Let's check the iron stockpiles:
- Barcelona: 120 iron. Build 2 knights -> uses 60 iron, +20 production = 80 iron next turn.
- Tarragona: 110 iron. Build 2 knights -> uses 60 iron, +20 production = 70 iron next turn.
- Girona: 110 iron. Build 2 knights -> uses 60 iron, +20 production = 70 iron next turn.
- Castellon: 120 iron. Build 2 knights -> uses 60 iron, +20 production = 80 iron next turn.
- Zaragoza: 60 iron. Build 2 knights -> uses 60 iron, +20 production = 20 iron next turn.
- Huesca: 110 iron. Build 2 knights -> uses 60 iron, +20 production = 70 iron next turn.
- Valencia: 80 iron. Build 2 knights -> uses 60 iron, +20 production = 40 iron next turn.
- Teruel: 100 iron. Build 2 knights -> uses 60 iron, +20 production = 60 iron next turn.
- Murcia: 20 iron. Build 2 spearman -> uses 0 iron, +20 production = 40 iron next turn.
- Pamplona: 20 iron. Build 2 spearman -> uses 0 iron, +20 production = 40 iron next turn.

This is very sustainable. We are using up some of our iron stockpile, but we are building a lot of knights which are the best troops.

Let's write the "plan" and "statement".

"plan":
Our campaign focuses on a multi-front offensive to expand our territory and secure key victories.
This turn, we launch decisive attacks on Madrid from Zaragoza and the neutral Burgos from Pamplona, aiming to conquer both and increase our village count to 12.
Simultaneously, we reinforce our eastern front by sending troops from Valencia and Castellon to Teruel, preparing for a massive push on Toledo next turn.
We also move troops from Huesca and Tarragona to Zaragoza to secure our capital's border after the Madrid assault.
We will continue building knights in all major villages to maintain our offensive momentum.

"statement":
This turn, we struck hard on multiple fronts! From Zaragoza, our elite forces marched on Madrid and crushed the enemy garrison, reclaiming the city. In the north, Pamplona's army overwhelmed the neutral forces at Burgos, expanding our territory. While our main armies advanced, we quietly reinforced Teruel with troops from Valencia and Castellon, setting up a devastating blow against Toledo next turn. We also secured our rear by sending reinforcements to Zaragoza. The Kingdom of B is on the rise!

Let's double check the JSON format.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 13, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 15, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 19, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 17, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 17, "knight": 3}},
    {"fromId": 19, "toId": 14, "troops": {"spearman": 5, "archer": 1, "knight": 4}},
    {"fromId": 16, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 18, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 2}},
    {"fromId": 20, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 21, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 2}}
  ],
  "plan": "...",
  "statement": "..."
}

Let's verify the village IDs and troop counts.
Villages:
Barcelona: 22
Tarragona: 21
Girona: 23
Castellon: 18
Zaragoza: 17
Huesca: 20
Valencia: 16
Teruel: 13
Murcia: 15
Pamplona: 19

Enemy villages:
Madrid: 12
Toledo: 8
Cordoba: 11
Salamanca: 7

Neutral:
Burgos: 14

Let's check the build quantities and types.
Barcelona [22]: wood 60, iron 120. Can build 2 knights (needs 60 wood, 60 iron). Yes.
Tarragona [21]: wood 60, iron 110. Can build 2 knights (needs 60 wood, 60 iron). Yes.
Girona [23]: wood 60, iron 110. Can build 2 knights (needs 60 wood, 60 iron). Yes.
Castellon [18]: wood 60, iron 120. Can build 2 knights (needs 60 wood, 60 iron). Yes.
Zaragoza [17]: wood 60, iron 60. Can build 2 knights (needs 60 wood, 60 iron). Yes.
Huesca [20]: wood 60, iron 110. Can build 2 knights (needs 60 wood, 60 iron). Yes.
Valencia [16]: wood 60, iron 80. Can build 2 knights (needs 60 wood, 60 iron). Yes.
Teruel [13]: wood 60, iron 100. Can build 2 knights (needs 60 wood, 60 iron). Yes.
Murcia [15]: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 2 spearman (needs 30 wood, 0 iron). Yes.
Pamplona [19]: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 2 spearman (needs 30 wood, 0 iron). Yes.

Let's check the movements:
Zaragoza [17] to Madrid [12]: 17 spearman, 3 knight.
Zaragoza has 17 spearman, 3 knight available. Yes.
Pamplona [19] to Burgos [14]: 5 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knight.
Pamplona has 5 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knight available. Yes.
Valencia [16] to Teruel [13]: 4 spearman, 2 knight.
Valencia has 4 spearman, 2 knight available. Yes.
Castellon [18] to Teruel [13]: 2 spearman.
Castellon has 2 spearman available. Yes.
Huesca [20] to Zaragoza [17]: 4 spearman, 2 knight.
Huesca has 4 spearman, 2 knight available. Yes.
Tarragona [21] to Zaragoza [17]: 2 spearman.
Tarragona has 2 spearman available. Yes.

Everything looks perfectly valid and highly strategic.
The plan is to conquer Madrid and Burgos this turn, while setting up a massive invasion of Toledo next turn by reinforcing Teruel. We also secure our borders by sending reinforcements to Zaragoza.

Let's write the final JSON.

ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":17,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":17,"cavaleiro":3}},{"origemId":19,"destinoId":14,"tropas":{"lanceiro":5,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":4}},{"origemId":16,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":18,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2}},{"origemId":20,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":21,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [18]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [18]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [17]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [17]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [20]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [20]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [16]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [16]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [13]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [13]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [15]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [15]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO envio [17]->[12]: 17S+3K
ACEITO envio [19]->[14]: 5S+1A+4K (alvo neutra lanceiro)
ACEITO envio [16]->[13]: 4S+2K
ACEITO envio [18]->[13]: 2S
ACEITO envio [20]->[17]: 4S+2K
ACEITO envio [21]->[17]: 2S
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Our campaign focuses on a multi-front offensive to expand our territory and secure key victories. This turn, we launch decisive attacks on Madrid from Zaragoza and the neutral Burgos from Pamplona, aiming to conquer both and increase our village count to 12. Simultaneously, we reinforce our eastern front by sending troops from Valencia and Castellon to Teruel, preparing for a massive push on Toledo next turn. We also move troops from Huesca and Tarragona to Zaragoza to secure our capital's border after the Madrid assault. We will continue building knights in all major villages to maintain our 
depoimento (so tela/narracao): This turn, we struck hard on multiple fronts! From Zaragoza, our elite forces marched on Madrid and crushed the enemy garrison, reclaiming the city. In the north, Pamplona's army overwhelmed the neutral forces at Burgos, expanding our territory. While our main armies advanced, we quietly reinforced Teruel with troops from Valencia and Castellon, setting up a devastating blow against Toledo next turn. We also secured our rear by sending reinforcements to Zaragoza. The Kingdom of B is on the rise!
REFORCO [13] Teruel dono B: 2S
COMBATE [12] Madrid: atacante A Fatk=14 (ef 14) Fdef=0 (ef 0) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~0
REFORCO [7] Salamanca dono A: 4S+3A+1K
REFORCO [7] Salamanca dono A: 2S+3A
REFORCO [4] Badajoz dono A: 4S+4A
COMBATE [11] Cordoba: atacante A Fatk=14 (ef 21) Fdef=10 (ef 13) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~4
REFORCO [8] Toledo dono A: 4S
REFORCO [10] Vigo dono A: 10S+2A
REFORCO [4] Badajoz dono A: 6S+4A
placar: A 13 ald/tropas 87 | B 10 ald/tropas 26 | neutras 1 | transito 15 (A 8 | B 7)

########## TURNO 16 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3564 | resposta 2023 | raciocinio 2023 | finish content_filter | ms 38038
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: The user is playing a strategy game as King A, with the goal of holding at least 18 of 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns or eliminating every enemy village. Currently holding 14 of 24. The game uses simultaneous orders, with the current state being Turn 16.

Let me analyze the current state:

**My Villages (14):**
- Lisboa (0): Capital, 14/300 troops, wood 30, iron 140, defense 42. Available: 4 spearman, 9 archer, 1 knight.
- Santarem (1): 7/300, wood 30, iron 160, defense 18. Available: 4 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight.
- Evora (2): 15/300, wood 30, iron 220, defense 38. Available: 12 spearman, 3 archer, 0 knight.
- Coimbra (3): 2/300, wood 30, iron 190, defense 5. Available: 2 spearman. Marching out: 4 spearmen.
- Badajoz (4): 18/300, wood 30, iron 140, defense 45. Available: 12 spearman, 6 archer, 0 knight.
- Faro (5): 10/300, wood 30, iron 190, defense 25. Available: 10 spearman.
- Porto (6): 6/300, wood 30, iron 140, defense 15. Available: 3 spearman, 3 archer, 0 knight.
- Salamanca (7): 19/300, wood 30, iron 40, defense 48. Available: 8 spearman, 9 archer, 2 knight.
- Toledo (8): 22/300, wood 30, iron 110, defense 55. Available: 17 spearman, 5 archer, 0 knight. Border with enemy [13].
- Vigo (10): 2/300, wood 30, iron 110, defense 5. Available: 2 spearman.
- Sevilha (9): 2/300, wood 30, iron 110, defense 5. Available: 2 spearman.
- Cordoba (11): 14/300, wood 30, iron 20, defense 35. Available: 7 spearman, 6 archer, 1 knight. Border with enemy [15].
- Madrid (12): 21/300, wood 40, iron 20, defense 53. Available: 12 spearman, 6 archer, 3 knight. Border with enemy [17].
- Burgos (14): 13/300, wood 0, iron 0, defense 33. Available: 10 spearman, 3 archer, 0 knight. Border with enemy [19].

**Enemy Villages (visible):**
- Teruel (13): 20 spearman, 2 archer, 8 knights, defense 75. Enemy King B.
- Zaragoza (17): 6 spearman, 4 knights, defense 25. Enemy King B.
- Murcia (15): 6 spearman, 1 knight, defense 18. Enemy King B.
- Pamplona (19): 2 spearman, defense 5. Enemy King B.

**Unexplored:**
- Valencia (16), Castellon (18), Huesca (20), Tarragona (21), Barcelona (22 - enemy capital), Girona (23).

**Road Network:**
Key connections:
- Toledo (8) connects to Teruel (13), Cordoba (11), Madrid (12), Badajoz (4).
- Madrid (12) connects to Zaragoza (17), Burgos (14), Salamanca (7), Toledo (8).
- Cordoba (11) connects to Murcia (15), Toledo (8), Sevilha (9).
- Burgos (14) connects to Pamplona (19), Vigo (10), Madrid (12).
- Teruel (13) connects to Valencia (16), Castellon (18), Zaragoza (17), Toledo (8).
- Zaragoza (17) connects to Huesca (20), Tarragona (21), Pamplona (19), Teruel (13), Madrid (12).
- Barcelona (22) connects to Tarragona (21), Girona (23).

**Armies on March:**
- My 4 spearmen from Coimbra (3) to Salamanca (7), arriving in 1 turn.
- Enemy army marching toward Teruel (13), arriving in 1 turn.

**Last Turn Events:**
- Enemy reinforcements arrived at Teruel, Zaragoza.
- Enemy attacked Madrid: DEFEAT (so they lost).
- Enemy attacked Burgos: VICTORY, conquered (but I see Burgos is now mine? Wait, the report says "You attacked [14] Burgos: VICTORY, conquered". So I took Burgos last turn. And enemy attacked Burgos and got victory? That seems contradictory. Let me re-read: "King B attacked [14] Burgos: VICTORY, conquered" - but then "You attacked [14] Burgos: VICTORY, conquered". Hmm, maybe the order of events is confusing. The current state shows Burgos as mine with 13 troops. So I control it now. The enemy attack might have been before my attack, or the report is listing events in some order. Actually, it says "King B attacked [14] Burgos: VICTORY, conquered" but then "You attacked [14] Burgos: VICTORY, conquered". This might mean the enemy took it first, then I took it back? But the current state shows it as mine. Let me assume it's mine now.

Wait, the report says "Burgos | BORDER with [19] (enemy)" and it's listed under MY VILLAGES. So yes, I own it.

**Strategy Considerations:**
- I need 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns to win. I have 14 now.
- Enemy villages visible: Teruel, Zaragoza, Murcia, Pamplona. Unexplored: Valencia, Castellon, Huesca, Tarragona, Barcelona, Girona. So enemy has at least 10 villages (4 visible + 6 unexplored). Total map is 24 villages. I have 14, enemy has 10? But some might be neutral? The report says "Neutral villages harden with time" but I don't see any neutral villages listed. All unexplored ones might be enemy or neutral. But the enemy capital is Barcelona.

- To win by holding 75%, I need 18 of 24. I have 14, so I need 4 more.
- To win by eliminating every enemy village, I need to take all enemy villages.

The enemy seems to have a strong army at Teruel (20 spearman, 2 archer, 8 knights = 30 troops, defense 75). My border villages:
- Toledo (8): 22 troops, defense 55, border with Teruel.
- Madrid (12): 21 troops, defense 53, border with Zaragoza.
- Cordoba (11): 14 troops, defense 35, border with Murcia.
- Burgos (14): 13 troops, defense 33, border with Pamplona.

My available troops to send:
- From Toledo: 17 spearman, 5 archer, 0 knight (attack power 27)
- From Madrid: 12 spearman, 6 archer, 3 knight (attack power 36)
- From Cordoba: 7 spearman, 6 archer, 1 knight (attack power 23)
- From Burgos: 10 spearman, 3 archer, 0 knight (attack power 16)

I also have interior villages that can send troops to reinforce border villages.

Let me check the march distances:
- Toledo to Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So 1 turn for knights, 1 for archers, 1 for spearmen? Wait, "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means it takes 1 turn for slow troops, 1 for medium, 1 for fast? That seems odd. Usually it's like "3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" meaning 3 turns for spearmen, 2 for archers, 1 for knights. But here it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" which means all take 1 turn. So it's a 1-turn march.

Similarly, Madrid to Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Cordoba to Murcia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Burgos to Pamplona: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

So all my border villages are 1 turn away from their adjacent enemy villages.

**Combat Calculations:**
When attacking, my troops count their ATTACK; defender counts DEFENSE. Counter triangle bonus: spearman counters knight (x1.5), archer counters spearman (x1.5), knight counters archer (x1.5). The most numerous type sets the counter matchup.

Attack values: spearman 1, archer 2, knight 4.
Defense values: spearman 2, archer 2, knight 2.

Effective defense in report already includes location bonus. For villages, defense is x1.25; for castles (capitals), x1.5. In open field, no bonus.

For attacking Teruel (defense 75):
- If I send from Toledo: 17 spearman, 5 archer, 0 knight. Most numerous is spearman (17). Enemy has 20 spearman, 2 archer, 8 knights. Most numerous is spearman (20). Spearman vs spearman: no counter bonus (spearman counters knight, not spearman). So my attack power = 17*1 + 5*2 + 0*4 = 17 + 10 = 27. Enemy defense = 75 (already includes bonus). 27 vs 75: I lose badly.

- If I send from Madrid: 12 spearman, 6 archer, 3 knight. Most numerous spearman (12). Attack = 12*1 + 6*2 + 3*4 = 12 + 12 + 12 = 36. vs 75: still bad.

- If I send from multiple villages? But troops from different villages fight alone, one at a time. So I can't combine them for one attack.

So attacking Teruel directly with these forces is suicide. I need to build up more troops or attack easier targets.

Let's look at easier targets:
- Zaragoza (17): defense 25, garrison 6 spearman, 4 knights. Attack from Madrid: 12 spearman, 6 archer, 3 knight. Attack power = 12*1 + 6*2 + 3*4 = 12+12+12=36. Most numerous spearman (12). Enemy most numerous spearman (6) or knight (4)? 6 spearman, 4 knights: most numerous is spearman. Spearman vs spearman: no counter. So 36 vs 25: I win? But wait, defense 25 is effective defense including bonus. So my attack 36 vs defense 25: I win. But I take losses. The winner takes losses against the loser's effective force. Los
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
########## TURNO 16 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3974 | resposta 8852 | raciocinio 8852 | finish content_filter | ms 151270
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B and provide a JSON response with my orders for the next turn.

First, let's analyze the current state of the game.
- My goal: Hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.
- I currently hold 10 of 24 villages.
- I have 10 villages: Barcelona (22), Tarragona (21), Girona (23), Castellon (18), Zaragoza (17), Huesca (20), Valencia (16), Teruel (13), Murcia (15), Pamplona (19).
- Total troops at home: 65 soldiers (38 spearman, 2 archer, 25 knight) + 2 marching.
- Enemy is King A.
- Enemy villages visible: Madrid (12), Burgos (14), Toledo (8), Cordoba (11). Also Salamanca (7) is known but out of sight. Enemy capital is Lisboa (0), unknown garrison.
- Neutral/unexplored villages: Badajoz (4), Porto (6), Vigo (10), Coimbra (3), Sevilha (9), Faro (5), Santarem (1), Lisboa (0), Evora (2).

Let's look at the front line and available troops:
- Zaragoza (17): 10 troops (6 spearman, 0 archer, 4 knight). Faces Madrid (12) (def 53).
- Teruel (13): 30 troops (20 spearman, 2 archer, 8 knight). Faces Toledo (8) (def 55).
- Murcia (15): 7 troops (6 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight). Faces Cordoba (11) (def 35).
- Pamplona (19): 2 troops (2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight). Faces Burgos (14) (def 33).

Let's check the resources and what can be built:
- Barcelona (22): wood 30, iron 80. Troops: 4/300. Can build knights (30 wood, 30 iron) or archers (20 wood, 10 iron) or spearmen (15 wood). Since iron is 80, can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) or 1 knight and some archers. Let's see: 30 wood, 80 iron.
  - Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> wood 0, iron 50.
  - Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> wood 10, iron 70.
  - Or 2 archers (40 wood - no, only 30 wood).
  - Let's check max builds: 1 knight (30w, 30i) leaves 0w, 50i. Or 1 archer (20w, 10i) leaves 10w, 70i. Or 2 spearmen (30w, 0i) leaves 0w, 80i.
  - Knights are great, but let's check other villages.
- Tarragona (21): wood 30, iron 70. Troops: 2/300. Can build 1 knight (30w, 30i) -> wood 0, iron 40. Or 1 archer (20w, 10i) -> wood 10, iron 60. Or 2 spearmen (30w).
- Girona (23): wood 30, iron 70. Troops: 4/300. Same as Tarragona.
- Castellon (18): wood 30, iron 80. Troops: 2/300. Same as Barcelona. 2 spearmen already marching out (to Teruel, arrives in 1 turn).
- Zaragoza (17): wood 30, iron 20. Troops: 10/300. Can build 1 archer (20w, 10i) -> wood 10, iron 10. Or 2 spearmen (30w).
- Huesca (20): wood 30, iron 70. Troops: 2/300. Can build 1 knight or 1 archer or 2 spearmen.
- Valencia (16): wood 30, iron 40. Troops: 2/300. Can build 1 knight (30w, 30i) -> wood 0, iron 10. Or 1 archer (20w, 10i) -> wood 10, iron 30. Or 2 spearmen.
- Teruel (13): wood 30, iron 60. Troops: 30/300. Can build 2 archers (40w - no, only 30 wood). Can build 1 knight (30w, 30i) -> wood 0, iron 30. Or 1 archer (20w, 10i) -> wood 10, iron 50. Or 2 spearmen.
- Murcia (15): wood 30, iron 40. Troops: 7/300. Same as Valencia.
- Pamplona (19): wood 30, iron 40. Troops: 2/300. Same as Valencia.

Let's look at the strategic situation:
- Last turn, I attacked Madrid with 17 spearmen, 3 knights and lost. My army was destroyed, defenders lost 6 troops (6 left). So Madrid has 12 spearmen, 6 archers, 3 knights, minus 6 troops. The report says Madrid garrison: 12 spearmen, 6 archers, 3 knights, effective defense 53. Wait, the report says "garrison: 12 spearmen, 6 archers, 3 knights". Is this the CURRENT garrison or the one before? The report says "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE ... [12] Madrid | ENEMY | garrison: 12 spearmen, 6 archers, 3 knights | effective defense: 53". This is the current state.
- I also attacked Burgos and won, but then King A attacked Burgos and took it from me! "King A attacked YOUR [14] Burgos ... the village FELL. Your garrison was destroyed." So Burgos is now enemy again, or maybe neutral? The report says "Burgos | ENEMY (King A) | garrison: 10 spearmen, 3 archers". So it's enemy again.
- I need to hold 18 villages to win. I have 10. I need to conquer 8 more.
- The enemy has Madrid, Toledo, Cordoba, Burgos, Salamanca, and likely Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, Faro, Sevilha, Badajoz, Porto, Coimbra, Vigo. Wait, how many villages total? 24.
- Let's count them:
  - My villages (10): 13, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23.
  - Visible enemy (4): 8, 11, 12, 14.
  - Known enemy (1): 7.
  - Unexplored (9): 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 9, 10.
  - Total: 10 + 4 + 1 + 9 = 24.
- The unexplored ones are likely enemy or neutral. "Neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type." Are there neutral villages? The prompt says "eliminate every enemy village" or "hold 18 of 24". It doesn't mention neutral villages as enemies, but they might be neutral. Let's assume they are neutral or enemy.

Let's plan my campaign:
- I need to conquer villages. My borders are:
  - Zaragoza (17) -> Madrid (12)
  - Teruel (13) -> Toledo (8)
  - Murcia (15) -> Cordoba (11)
  - Pamplona (19) -> Burgos (14)
- I also have roads to other villages:
  - Zaragoza (17) -> Huesca (20), Tarragona (21), Girona (23), Barcelona (22), Pamplona (19), Teruel (13), Valencia (16), Castellon (18).
  - From Zaragoza, I can reach Madrid (12).
  - From Teruel (13), I can reach Valencia (16), Castellon (18), Zaragoza (17), Toledo (8).
  - From Murcia (15), I can reach Cordoba (11), Valencia (16).
  - From Pamplona (19), I can reach Burgos (14), Zaragoza (17), Huesca (20).
- Let's look at the road network for unexplored villages:
  - [4] Badajoz: [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. It connects to Salamanca (7), Toledo (8), Sevilha (9), Faro (5), Santarem (1).
  - [6] Porto: [3], [7], [10]. Connects to Coimbra (3), Salamanca (7), Vigo (10).
  - [10] Vigo: [6], [14]. Connects to Porto (6), Burgos (14).
  - [3] Coimbra: [1], [6], [7]. Connects to Santarem (1), Porto (6), Salamanca (7).
  - [9] Sevilha: [4], [5], [11]. Connects to Badajoz (4), Faro (5), Cordoba (11).
  - [5] Faro: [2], [4], [9]. Connects to Evora (2), Badajoz (4), Sevilha (9).
  - [1] Santarem: [0], [3], [4]. Connects to Lisboa (0), Coimbra (3), Badajoz (4).
  - [0] Lisboa: [1], [2]. Capital.
  - [2] Evora: [0], [5]. Capital connection.

So the unexplored villages are in the south/west, connected to my front villages via Salamanca (7), Toledo (8), Cordoba (11), Burgos (14).
To reach them, I need to conquer Madrid, Toledo, Cordoba, Burgos, or Salamanca.
Salamanca (7) is connected to Zaragoza (17) via Madrid (12)? No, Salamanca is [3], [4], [6], [7]. Madrid is [7], [8], [14], [17]. So Salamanca is connected to Madrid (12).
Wait, the road network says:
[7] Salamanca: [3], [4], [6], [12]. Yes, connected to Madrid (12).
[12] Madrid: [7], [8], [14], [17]. Connected to Salamanca (7), Toledo (8), Burgos (14), Zaragoza (17).
So to reach Salamanca, I must go through Madrid (12) or Toledo (8) or Burgos (14).
To reach Badajoz (4), I need Salamanca (7), Toledo (8), Sevilha (9), Faro (5), Santarem (1).
To reach Sevilha (9), I need Badajoz (4), Faro (5), Cordoba (11). So from Cordoba (11) I can reach Sevilha (9).
To reach Porto (6), Vigo (10), Coimbra (3), I need Salamanca (7) or Burgos (14) (Vigo connects to Burgos).

So my immediate fronts are:
- Madrid (12) from Zaragoza (17). Madrid has def 53, garrison 12 spearmen, 6 archers, 3 knights.
- Toledo (8) from Teruel (13). Toledo has def 55, garrison 17 spearmen, 5 archers.
- Cordoba (11) from Murcia (15). Cordoba has def 35, garrison 7 spearmen, 6 archers, 1 knight.
- Burgos (14) from Pamplona (19). Burgos has def 33, garrison 10 spearmen, 3 archers.

Cordoba (def 35) and Burgos (def 33) seem weaker than Madrid (def 53) and Toledo (def 55).
However, my troops in Murcia (15) are only 7 (6 spearman, 1 knight). Pamplona (19) has only 2 spearman.
I need to reinforce these fronts.
I can send troops from my rear villages to the front villages, and then attack.
Let's see the march times:
- From Barcelona (22) to Zaragoza (17): 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- From Tarragona (21) to Zaragoza (17): 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- From Girona (23) to Zaragoza (17): 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- From Huesca (20) to Zaragoza (17): 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- From Valencia (16) to Teruel (13): 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- From Castellon (18) to Teruel (13): 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns (and 2 spearmen already marching there).

Let's check the available troops to send:
- Barcelona (22): 4 troops (2 spearman, 2 knight). Can send to Zaragoza (17) or Girona (23) etc. But Zaragoza is the front. Let's send the 2 knights to Zaragoza. Knights are fast, so 1 fast turn. Wait, if I send 2 knights, they march at fast speed. From Barcelona to Zaragoza is 1 fast turn? The report says: "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So knights take 1 turn.
- Tarragona (21): 2 troops (2 knight). Can send to Zaragoza (17). March: 1 fast turn.
- Girona (23): 4 troops (2 spearman, 2 knight). Can send to Zaragoza (17). March: 1 fast turn for knights, 2 slow for spearmen. If mixed, slowest speed. So sending knights is faster. Let's send 2 knights to Zaragoza.
- Huesca (20): 2 troops (2 knight). Can send to Zaragoza (17). March: 1 fast turn.
- Valencia (16): 2 troops (2 knight). Can send to Teruel (13). March: 1 fast turn.
- Castellon (18): 2 troops (2 knight). Can send to Teruel (13). March: 1 fast turn. (Also 2 spearmen already marching to Teruel).

Wait, if I send all these knights to Zaragoza and Teruel, I will have:
- Zaragoza: 4 (home) + 2 (Barcelona) + 2 (Tarragona) + 2 (Girona) + 2 (Huesca) = 12 knights? No, Zaragoza has 4 knights at home. So 4 + 2 + 2 + 2 + 2 = 12 knights. Plus 6 spearmen at home. Total 18 troops.
- Teruel: 8 (home) + 2 (Valencia) + 2 (Castellon) + 2 (Castellon marching) = 14 knights? Teruel has 8 knights at home. So 8 + 2 + 2 + 2 (spearmen) = 12 knights and 2 spearmen. Plus 20 spearmen and 2 archers at home. Total 34 troops.

But wait, I need to attack!
If I send troops this turn, they will arrive next turn (since knights take 1 turn).
Then next turn, I can attack.
Let's look at the attacks I can launch this turn:
- Can I attack this turn? Yes, I can order movements to enemy villages.
- If I attack this turn, the troops that start marching this turn will fight. Troops that are at home now can be sent.
- Zaragoza has 6 spearman, 4 knight. I can send them to attack Madrid (12).
- Teruel has 20 spearman, 2 archer, 8 knight. I can send them to attack Toledo (8).
- Murcia has 6 spearman, 1 knight. I can send them to attack Cordoba (11).
- Pamplona has 2 spearman. I can send them to attack Burgos (14).

Let's calculate the effective force for these attacks:
Combat rules:
- Attack: troops count their ATTACK. Defender counts DEFENSE.
- Counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counts spearman; knight counts archer. Most numerous type sets the counter. Ties break in order spearman, archer, knight.
- Counter multiplies WHOLE army's force by 1.5.
- Defender gets location bonus: village x1.25, castle x1.5. The effective defense in the report ALREADY includes the location bonus. Use them directly.
- The side with HIGHER effective force wins. Tie favors defender.
- Loser destroyed entirely. Winner loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types.

Let's calculate the force of my attackers:
1. Attack Madrid (12) from Zaragoza (17):
   - Troops: 6 spearman (attack 1), 4 knight (attack 4).
   - Most numerous type: spearman (6 vs 4). So spearman is most numerous.
   - Spearman counters knight? Wait, "spearman counters knight; archer counts spearman; knight counts archer."
     - If spearman is most numerous, does it counter knight? Yes, spearman counters knight. So the counter is active!
     - Counter multiplies WHOLE army's force by 1.5.
   - Base force: 6 * 1 (spearman attack) + 4 * 4 (knight attack) = 6 + 16 = 22.
   - With counter: 22 * 1.5 = 33.
   - Madrid effective defense: 53.
   - 33 vs 53: I lose. My army is destroyed. Defenders lose half of 33 = 16.5, spread over types. Since I have 6 spearman and 4 knight, the loss is spread. But I lose everything anyway.
   - So attacking Madrid now with 6 spearman and 4 knight is a suicide.

2. Attack Toledo (8) from Teruel (13):
   - Troops: 20 spearman, 2 archer, 8 knight.
   - Most numerous: spearman (20). Spearman counters knight. Counter is active!
   - Base force: 20 * 1 + 2 * 2 + 8 * 4 = 20 + 4 + 32 = 56.
   - With counter: 56 * 1.5 = 84.
   - Toledo effective defense: 55.
   - 84 vs 55: I win!
   - Defender (Toledo) loses half of my effective force? No, "The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the LOSER's effective force".
     - Loser's effective force is Toledo's defense, which is 55. Wait, the rule says: "The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself."
     - So winner loses half of 55 = 27.5, spread over its troop types.
     - My troops: 20 spearman (cost 15w), 2 archer (cost 20w, 10i), 8 knight (cost 30w, 30i).
     - How is the loss spread? "spread over its troop types". Usually, it's proportional to their value or count. Let's assume it takes from the cheapest or proportionally. But the key is I win and conquer Toledo!
     - Wait, if I send all 30 troops from Teruel, I leave Teruel empty. But I conquer Toledo. The surviving attackers stay there as its new garrison.
     - Is it worth it? Toledo is a village. If I conquer it, I get a new village. But I lose half of my army.
     - Let's check if I can reinforce Teruel first. If I send troops from Valencia and Castellon to Teruel, they arrive next turn. So I can attack next turn with more troops, or attack this turn with what I have.
     - If I attack this turn, I use the 30 troops at Teruel. I win, lose some, and Toledo becomes mine.
     - Let's check the other fronts.

3. Attack Cordoba (11) from Murcia (15):
   - Troops: 6 spearman, 1 knight.
   - Most numerous: spearman (6 vs 1). Spearman counters knight. Counter active!
   - Base force: 6 * 1 + 1 * 4 = 10.
   - With counter: 10 * 1.5 = 15.
   - Cordoba effective defense: 35.
   - 15 vs 35: I lose. Army destroyed.

4. Attack Burgos (14) from Pamplona (19):
   - Troops: 2 spearman.
   - Base force: 2 * 1 = 2.
   - Burgos effective defense: 33.
   - 2 vs 33: I lose.

So the only viable attack this turn is Toledo from Teruel.
But wait, if I attack Toledo, I leave Teruel with 0 troops. Is Teruel safe?
Teruel is bordered by Toledo (8), Valencia (16), Zaragoza (17), Castellon (18).
If I conquer Toledo, the enemy might attack Teruel from Toledo? No, they would need to march from Toledo to Teruel. But they just lost Toledo, so they might not have troops there.
However, Zaragoza is my border village, and Madrid is enemy. If I leave Teruel empty, can the enemy attack it from Valencia? Valencia is mine. From Castellon? Mine. From Zaragoza? Mine. So Teruel is only accessible from Toledo (which I will conquer) or my villages. So it's safe from immediate enemy attack unless they march from Toledo. But they can't march from Toledo if I conquer it and leave my troops there.
Wait, if I attack Toledo, my troops march from Teruel to Toledo. They fight, win, and stay in Toledo. So Toledo becomes mine, and Teruel is empty.
Is there any enemy army marching towards Teruel? "ARMIES ON THE MARCH: ENEMY: none sighted". So no.
But what about the other fronts? Madrid, Cordoba, Burgos are still enemy. They might attack Zaragoza, Murcia, Pamplona.
Zaragoza has 10 troops (6 spearman, 4 knight). Effective defense 25.
Madrid has 12 spearmen, 6 archers, 3 knights. If they attack Zaragoza:
- Enemy troops: 12 spearman, 6 archer, 3 knight.
- Most numerous: spearman (12). Spearman counters knight. Counter active!
- Enemy base force: 12 * 1 + 6 * 2 + 3 * 4 = 12 + 12 + 12 = 36.
- With counter: 36 * 1.5 = 54.
- Zaragoza defense: 25 (effective defense includes location bonus).
- 54 vs 25: Enemy wins. Zaragoza falls!
So if the enemy attacks Zaragoza, I lose it.
Can I reinforce Zaragoza? I can send troops from Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Huesca to Zaragoza. They will arrive next turn. But the enemy attacks this turn, so reinforcements won't arrive in time to defend Zaragoza if the enemy attacks this turn.
Wait, the enemy writes their orders at the same time as me. So if I send reinforcements, they arrive next turn. If the enemy attacks Zaragoza this turn, they use the current garrison (10 troops).
So I need to decide: do I defend Zaragoza by sending its current troops somewhere else, or leave them to defend?
If I leave them, they defend Zaragoza. Effective force of defenders:
- Zaragoza garrison: 6 spearman, 4 knight. Defender counts defense.
- Wait, how is defender force calculated? "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs."
- So defender force = sum of DEFENSE of troops.
- Spearman defense 2, Knight defense 2.
- Defender force: 6 * 2 + 4 * 2 = 12 + 8 = 20.
- Location bonus: Zaragoza is a village? "effective defense (location bonus included): 25". Wait, the report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 25". Does this mean the defense of the troops plus location bonus is 25?
- Let's read carefully: "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again."
- But that's for the village's defense. What about the troops inside?
- "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs."
- "Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital)."
- So the defender's troops' defense is multiplied by 1.25 (village) or 1.5 (castle).
- Let's calculate Zaragoza's defender force:
  - Troops: 6 spearman (def 2), 4 knight (def 2).
  - Total base defense: 6*2 + 4*2 = 20.
  - Village bonus: x1.25. So 20 * 1.25 = 25.
  - This matches the "effective defense: 25" in the report! So the report's effective defense is the total defense of the current garrison including location bonus.
  - So if the enemy attacks, they face effective defense 25.
  - Enemy attack force: 54 (as calculated above).
  - 54 vs 25: Enemy wins easily. Zaragoza falls.
- What if I send the troops from Zaragoza to attack Madrid? Then Zaragoza is empty. If the enemy attacks an empty village, do they conquer it? Yes, an empty village has no defense, so they conquer it.
- What if I send some troops to reinforce Zaragoza from rear villages? They won't arrive in time.
- So Zaragoza is likely lost if the enemy attacks it. But do they have to attack it? They might attack elsewhere.
- Let's look at the enemy's possible moves. They have Madrid (12), Toledo (8), Cordoba (11), Burgos (14).
- From Madrid, they can attack Zaragoza (17) or Salamanca (7) or Burgos (14) or Toledo (8).
- From Toledo, they can attack Teruel (13) or Madrid (12) or Cordoba (11) or Badajoz (4).
- From Cordoba, they can attack Murcia (15) or Toledo (8) or Sevilha (9).
- From Burgos, they can attack Pamplona (19) or Madrid (12) or Vigo (10).

If I attack Toledo from Teruel, I send all 30 troops. Teruel becomes empty.
Then the enemy could attack Teruel from Toledo? But I will conquer Toledo, so my troops will be in Toledo. They can't attack Toledo if it's mine and I just conquered it (unless they attack it the same turn? No, orders are simultaneous. If I attack Toledo and they attack Teruel, they march to Teruel and fight my empty village? No, "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". If Teruel is mine, and they march from Toledo to Teruel, but Toledo is enemy at the start of the turn. If they march from Toledo to Teruel, they start at Toledo, march to Teruel. Since Teruel is mine, they attack it. But my troops left Teruel to attack Toledo. So Teruel is empty. They would conquer Teruel.
But wait, can they march from Toledo to Teruel? The road is [8] Toledo to [13] Teruel. Yes, they are connected.
So if I attack Toledo with all troops from Teruel, and the enemy attacks Teruel from Toledo with some troops, they will meet in the middle? No, they march along the road. If they both start at the same time, they might meet on the road.
"Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there: head-on, or when one catches up with the other on the same stretch of road. It is an open-field battle: BOTH armies count their ATTACK, and neither gets a location bonus; a tie is decided by chance."
So if my troops march from Teruel to Toledo, and enemy troops march from Toledo to Teruel, they meet on the road.
My troops: 20 spearman, 2 archer, 8 knight. Force: 56 * 1.5 = 84 (spearman counters knight).
Enemy troops: say, 10 spearman, 5 archer. Force: 10*1 + 5*2 = 20. No counter (most numerous spearman, but no knight to counter? Spearman counters knight, but there are no knights. So no counter bonus? "spearman counters knight; archer counts spearman; knight counts archer." If there are no knights, spearman doesn't counter anything. So no bonus).
So my force is much higher. I would win the road battle, and then continue marching to Toledo, conquering it. The enemy would be destroyed.
So attacking Toledo is a good move.

But what about the other fronts?
I need to hold 18 villages. I have 10. If I conquer Toledo, I have 11. I need 7 more.
I should try to conquer Cordoba and Burgos as well, but my troops there are too weak.
I need to reinforce Murcia and Pamplona.
How can I reinforce them?
- Murcia (15) is connected to Valencia (16) and Cordoba (11). I can send troops from Valencia to Murcia. Valencia has 2 knights. March: 1 fast turn. So they arrive next turn.
- Pamplona (19) is connected to Zaragoza (17), Huesca (20), Burgos (14). I can send troops from Zaragoza or Huesca to Pamplona.
  - From Zaragoza to Pamplona: 1 fast turn for knights.
  - From Huesca to Pamplona: 1 fast turn for knights.
- But if I send troops from Zaragoza, Zaragoza becomes weaker.

Let's look at the big picture. I need to build up my army.
Every turn, each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron.
I can build troops.
Let's decide on builds for this turn:
- Barcelona (22): wood 30, iron 80. Can build 1 knight (30w, 30i). Leaves 0w, 50i.
- Tarragona (21): wood 30, iron 70. Can build 1 knight (30w, 30i). Leaves 0w, 40i.
- Girona (23): wood 30, iron 70. Can build 1 knight (30w, 30i). Leaves 0w, 40i.
- Castellon (18): wood 30, iron 80. Can build 1 knight (30w, 30i). Leaves 0w, 50i. (Also 2 spearmen marching).
- Zaragoza (17): wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20w, 10i). Leaves 10w, 10i. Or 2 spearmen (30w). Let's build 2 spearmen to reinforce the front.
- Huesca (20): wood 30, iron 70. Can build 1 knight (30w, 30i). Leaves 0w, 40i.
- Valencia (16): wood 30, iron 40. Can build 1 knight (30w, 30i). Leaves 0w, 10i.
- Teruel (13): wood 30, iron 60. Can build 1 knight (30w, 30i). Leaves 0w, 30i. Or 1 archer (20w, 10i). Let's build 1 knight.
- Murcia (15): wood 30, iron 40. Can build 1 knight (30w, 30i). Leaves 0w, 10i.
- Pamplona (19): wood 30, iron 40. Can build 1 knight (30w, 30i). Leaves 0w, 10i.

Wait, if I build knights everywhere, I spend all my wood. Is that good?
Knights are expensive but powerful. I have 25 knights already. Building more knights is good for offensive power.
But I need wood for spearmen too. Spearmen are cheaper (15 wood).
Let's see what I need. I need to attack Toledo, Madrid, Cordoba, Burgos.
To attack Madrid, I need to counter their archers? Madrid has 12 spearmen, 6 archers, 3 knights.
If I attack with mostly knights, my most numerous type might be knight. Knight counters archer. So if I have more knights than spearmen and archers, knight is most numerous, and counters archer.
Madrid has 6 archers. If I have many knights, I counter their archers.
Let's check: if I attack Madrid with 10 knights and 5 spearmen.
Most numerous: knight (10). Knight counters archer. Counter active!
Base force: 10 * 4 + 5 * 1 = 45.
With counter: 45 * 1.5 = 67.5.
Madrid defense: 53. I win!
So knights are very effective against Madrid because they counter archers, and Madrid has archers.
Toledo has 17 spearmen, 5 archers. Most numerous spearman. If I attack with mostly knights, my most numerous might be knight (if I have more knights than spearmen). Knight counters archer. But Toledo has only 5 archers. Still, counter is active.
If I attack with mostly spearmen, spearman counters knight. Toledo has no knights! So no counter. But my spearmen still count attack 1.
Let's compare:
Attack Toledo with 20 spearmen, 8 knights. Most numerous spearman. Spearman counters knight. Counter active!
Base force: 20*1 + 8*4 = 52. With counter: 78. Toledo defense 55. Win.
Attack Toledo with 8 knights, 20 spearmen. Same.
So the counter is active as long as the most numerous type counters something in the enemy army.
"spearman counters knight; archer counts spearman; knight counts archer."
If enemy has knights, and I have mostly spearmen, I counter their knights.
If enemy has archers, and I have mostly knights, I counter their archers.
If enemy has spearmen, and I have mostly archers, I counter their spearmen.
So I should tailor my army composition to the enemy's army.
Madrid: 12 spearmen, 6 archers, 3 knights. Enemy has archers and knights. If I use knights, I counter archers. If I use spearmen, I counter knights. If I use archers, I counter spearmen.
Since Madrid has more spearmen (12) than archers (6) or knights (3), the most numerous type in Madrid is spearman.
If I attack with archers, my most numerous type (archers) counters their most numerous type (spearmen). This is good!
But I don't have many archers. I have 2 archers total.
So I should use knights or spearmen.
If I use knights, I counter their archers. If I use spearmen, I counter their knights.
Since Madrid has 6 archers and 3 knights, countering archers (with knights) might be better because there are more archers to counter? The counter bonus applies to my whole army, not just against the countered type. So it doesn't matter how many of the countered type there are; the bonus is always 1.5x.
So I just need to make sure my most numerous type counters ANY type present in the enemy army.
Enemy has spearmen, archers, knights.
- If my most numerous is spearman: counters knight. Knight is present. Bonus active.
- If my most numerous is archer: counters spearman. Spearman is present. Bonus active.
- If my most numerous is knight: counters archer. Archer is present. Bonus active.
So ANY type I have most of will give a bonus, because the enemy has all three types!
This is great. So I can use any mix, as long as one type is clearly the majority.

Let's look at my current troops and what I can build.
I need to launch a successful attack on Toledo this turn.
Troops at Teruel: 20 spearman, 2 archer, 8 knight.
Most numerous: spearman (20). Enemy Toledo has 17 spearmen, 5 archers. No knights.
Wait, Toledo has NO knights!
"spearman counters knight; archer counts spearman; knight counts archer."
If my most numerous is spearman, does it counter anything in Toledo? Toledo has no knights. So spearman does NOT counter anything!
If my most numerous is archer, it counters spearman. Toledo has spearmen. So archer would give a bonus.
But I only have 2 archers. So archer cannot be most numerous.
If my most numerous is knight, it counters archer. Toledo has archers. So knight would give a bonus.
But I have 8 knights and 20 spearmen. So spearman is most numerous.
Since spearman is most numerous, and Toledo has no knights, there is NO counter bonus!
Let's recalculate the force without counter:
Base force: 20 * 1 (spearman) + 2 * 2 (archer) + 8 * 4 (knight) = 20 + 4 + 32 = 56.
Toledo defense: 55.
56 vs 55: I win! But barely. And since there is no counter, it's just 56 vs 55.
If I lose, my army is destroyed. If I win, I lose half of 55 = 27.5 troops.
Is there a way to get a counter bonus?
If I send more knights than spearmen, knight becomes most numerous. Knight counters archer (Toledo has archers). Then I get 1.5x bonus.
But I have 20 spearmen and 8 knights. To make knights most numerous, I need more than 20 knights. I don't have that many.
What if I send only knights and archers? I only have 8 knights and 2 archers. If I send 8 knights and 2 archers, knight is most numerous (8). Knight counters archer. Bonus active!
Base force: 8 * 4 + 2 * 2 = 36.
With counter: 36 * 1.5 = 54.
Toledo defense: 55.
54 vs 55: I lose! Tie favors defender, but 54 < 55, so I lose outright.
What if I send all 30 troops? Spearman is most numerous (20). No counter. Force 56. Win.
What if I send 20 spearmen and 8 knights? Same, force 56. Win.
So sending all 30 troops is the best way to win, even without counter.
But wait, if I send all 30 troops, I leave Teruel empty. Is that okay?
Yes, because I conquer Toledo, and my surviving troops stay there as garrison.
But I will lose half of the enemy's effective force (55) = 27.5 troops.
My troops: 20 spearman, 2 archer, 8 knight.
Loss is spread over types. So I might lose, say, 15 spearmen, 1 archer, 4 knights. Leaving 5 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knights in Toledo.
That's a decent garrison.

But can I reinforce Teruel first?
If I send troops from Valencia (2 knights) and Castellon (2 knights, 2 spearmen marching) to Teruel, they arrive next turn.
Then next turn, Teruel will have more troops, and I can attack Toledo with even more troops.
But if I wait, the enemy might reinforce Toledo. "Neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type." Toledo is enemy, not neutral. But the enemy can build reinforcements.
The report says: "A reinforcement of King A (10 spearmen, 5 archers) arrived at [8] Toledo". So they are reinforcing their villages.
If I wait, Toledo might get stronger.
So attacking now is probably better.

Let's check the other option: attack Madrid from Zaragoza.
Zaragoza has 6 spearman, 4 knight.
If I send them to attack Madrid:
Madrid has 12 spearmen, 6 archers, 3 knights.
My troops: 6 spearman, 4 knight. Most numerous spearman (6). Spearman counters knight (Madrid has knights). Counter active!
Base force: 6*1 + 4*4 = 22.
With counter: 22 * 1.5 = 33.
Madrid defense: 53.
33 vs 53: I lose. Army destroyed.
So I cannot attack Madrid successfully this turn.
What if I reinforce Zaragoza first?
I can send troops from Barcelona (2 knight), Tarragona (2 knight), Girona (2 spearman, 2 knight), Huesca (2 knight) to Zaragoza.
They arrive next turn.
Next turn, Zaragoza will have: 6 spearman, 4 knight (home) + 2 (Barcelona) + 2 (Tarragona) + 2 spearman, 2 knight (Girona) + 2 knight (Huesca) = 6 spearman + 2 spearman = 8 spearman, and 4 + 2 + 2 + 2 + 2 = 12 knights.
Total: 8 spearman, 12 knights.
Most numerous: knight (12). Knight counters archer (Madrid has archers). Counter active!
Base force: 8 * 1 + 12 * 4 = 8 + 48 = 56.
With counter: 56 * 1.5 = 84.
Madrid defense: 53.
84 vs 53: I win easily!
So if I reinforce Zaragoza this turn, I can attack Madrid next turn and win.
This seems like a solid plan: reinforce Zaragoza, then attack Madrid next turn.

What about Teruel?
If I don't attack Toledo this turn, the enemy might attack Teruel from Toledo.
Toledo has 17 spearmen, 5 archers. Effective defense 55. But that's defense. Their attack force:
Troops: 17 spearman, 5 archers. Most numerous spearman. No knights, so no counter.
Attack force: 17 * 1 + 5 * 2 = 27.
Teruel defense: effective defense 75! (Wait, Teruel effective defense is 75? Yes, "effective defense (location bonus included): 75". That's huge! It's a castle? "a village with a bigger defense bonus" - maybe it's a capital or castle. The prompt says "The enemy capital is the hardest single target... a capital is a village with a bigger defense bonus." Teruel is my village, maybe it's a capital? No, Barcelona is my capital. But Teruel has defense 75, which is very high. So it's probably a castle or something.)
If Teruel defense is 75, and enemy attack force is 27, they will definitely lose if they attack.
So Teruel is very safe.
What about Zaragoza? Defense 25. Enemy attack force from Madrid: 12 spearmen, 6 archers, 3 knights.
Most numerous spearman (12). Spearman counters knight. Counter active!
Attack force: 12*1 + 6*2 + 3*4 = 12 + 12 + 12 = 36. With counter: 36 * 1.5 = 54.
Zaragoza defense: 25.
54 vs 25: Enemy wins. So Zaragoza is NOT safe.
If I leave Zaragoza with only 10 troops, and the enemy attacks, I lose Zaragoza.
So I should either:
- Send reinforcements to Zaragoza to increase its defense. But reinforcements won't arrive in time to defend against an attack this turn. They arrive next turn.
- Or, I can send the troops from Zaragoza to attack Madrid, leaving Zaragoza empty. If the enemy attacks an empty village, they conquer it. So that's bad.
- Or, I can do nothing with Zaragoza's troops, and hope the enemy doesn't attack Zaragoza. But the enemy is smart (or random). I shouldn't rely on hope.
- Or, I can send some troops from Zaragoza to Pamplona or elsewhere, and leave the rest to defend. But that only reduces my defense.
Actually, if the enemy attacks Zaragoza, they win. But do they have to attack Zaragoza? They might attack elsewhere.
Let's look at the enemy's other options:
- Attack Burgos (14) from Madrid? Burgos is enemy, so they wouldn't attack themselves.
- Attack Salamanca (7) from Madrid? Salamanca is enemy.
- Attack Toledo (8) from Madrid? Toledo is enemy.
So from Madrid, the only valid attack target for the enemy is Zaragoza (17).
From Toledo (8), the enemy can attack Teruel (13) or Badajoz (4) (neutral) or Cordoba (11) (enemy) or Madrid (12) (enemy). So only Teruel or Badajoz. But Teruel defense is 75, so they probably won't attack it. Badajoz is neutral, they might attack it to expand.
From Cordoba (11), they can attack Murcia (15) or Sevilha (9) (neutral) or Toledo (8) (enemy). So Murcia or Sevilha. Murcia defense is 18. Enemy attack force from Cordoba: 7 spearmen, 6 archers, 1 knight.
Most numerous spearman (7). Spearman counters knight. Counter active!
Base force: 7*1 + 6*2 + 1*4 = 7 + 12 + 4 = 23. With counter: 23 * 1.5 = 34.5.
Murcia defense: 18.
34.5 vs 18: Enemy wins. So Murcia is in danger!
From Burgos (14), they can attack Pamplona (19) or Vigo (10) (neutral) or Madrid (12) (enemy). So Pamplona or Vigo. Pamplona defense is 5. Enemy attack force from Burgos: 10 spearmen, 3 archers.
Most numerous spearman. No knights, so no counter.
Attack force: 10*1 + 3*2 = 16.
Pamplona defense: 5.
16 vs 5: Enemy wins. Pamplona is in danger!

So the enemy has good targets: Zaragoza, Murcia, Pamplona.
I cannot defend all of them this turn because reinforcements take 1 turn to arrive.
But I can reinforce them for next turn.
And I can attack Toledo now to gain a village.
Wait, if I attack Toledo now, I use all troops from Teruel. Teruel becomes empty.
But Teruel defense is 75, so if it's empty, does it have defense? An empty village has no troops
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
REFORCO [13] Teruel dono B: 4S+1K
COMBATE [12] Madrid: atacante B Fatk=29 (ef 29) Fdef=24 (ef 30) vant=0 -> vence defensor | baixas~12
COMBATE [14] Burgos: atacante B Fatk=23 (ef 23) Fdef=12 (ef 15) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~8
REFORCO [13] Teruel dono B: 4S+2K
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 4S+2K
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 2S
REFORCO [4] Badajoz dono A: 4S
REFORCO [7] Salamanca dono A: 4S
COMBATE [14] Burgos: atacante A Fatk=24 (ef 24) Fdef=14 (ef 18) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~9
REFORCO [11] Cordoba dono A: 2S+2A
REFORCO [11] Cordoba dono A: 5S+2A
REFORCO [8] Toledo dono A: 10S+5A
REFORCO [12] Madrid dono A: 8S+5A+2K
placar: A 14 ald/tropas 165 | B 10 ald/tropas 65 | neutras 0 | transito 2 (A 1 | B 1)

########## TURNO 17 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4036 | resposta 11930 | raciocinio 8186 | finish stop | ms 158674
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 7, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 8, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 9, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 10, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 11, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 12, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 14, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 14, \"toId\": 19, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 10}},\n    {\"fromId\": 11, \"toId\": 15, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 7, \"archer\": 6, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 12, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 10, \"archer\": 5, \"knight\": 2}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Capture Pamplona, Murcia, and Zaragoza to reach 17 villages. Next turn, inspect newly visible Valencia, Huesca, and Tarragona, then capture one to hit 18. Focus on archer production to maintain offensive pressure.\",\n  \"statement\": \"Ordered a triple attack on Pamplona, Murcia, and Zaragoza. My armies are marching to overwhelm the enemy's defenses and expand my territory to 17 villages.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The goal is to win by holding at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminating every enemy village. Currently holding 14 of 24.

Let's analyze the map and resources.
My villages:
[0] Lisboa (capital): 14 troops (4 spear, 9 archer, 1 knight). Wood 60, Iron 160.
[1] Santarem: 7 troops (4 spear, 2 archer, 1 knight). Wood 60, Iron 180.
[2] Evora: 15 troops (12 spear, 3 archer). Wood 60, Iron 240.
[3] Coimbra: 2 troops (2 spear). Wood 60, Iron 210.
[4] Badajoz: 18 troops (12 spear, 6 archer). Wood 60, Iron 160.
[5] Faro: 10 troops (10 spear). Wood 60, Iron 210.
[6] Porto: 6 troops (3 spear, 3 archer). Wood 60, Iron 160.
[7] Salamanca: 23 troops (12 spear, 9 archer, 2 knight). Wood 60, Iron 60.
[8] Toledo: 22 troops (17 spear, 5 archer). Wood 60, Iron 130.
[10] Vigo: 2 troops (2 spear). Wood 60, Iron 130.
[9] Sevilha: 2 troops (2 spear). Wood 60, Iron 130.
[11] Cordoba: 14 troops (7 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight). Wood 60, Iron 40.
[12] Madrid: 21 troops (12 spear, 6 archer, 3 knight). Wood 70, Iron 40.
[14] Burgos: 13 troops (10 spear, 3 archer). Wood 30, Iron 20.

Enemy villages visible:
[13] Teruel: 22 spear, 2 archer, 8 knight. Def 80.
[17] Zaragoza: 6 spear, 4 knight. Def 25.
[15] Murcia: 6 spear, 1 knight. Def 18.
[19] Pamplona: 2 spear. Def 5.

Unexplored:
[16] Valencia, [18] Castellon, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona (capital), [23] Girona.

Let's look at the road network.
My border villages:
[8] Toledo borders [13] Teruel (enemy).
[11] Cordoba borders [15] Murcia (enemy).
[12] Madrid borders [17] Zaragoza (enemy).
[14] Burgos borders [19] Pamplona (enemy).

The enemy capital is [22] Barcelona. It's connected to [21] Tarragona and [23] Girona.
[21] Tarragona is connected to [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [22] Barcelona.
[18] Castellon is connected to [13] Teruel, [16] Valencia, [21] Tarragona.
[16] Valencia is connected to [13] Teruel, [15] Murcia, [18] Castellon.
[20] Huesca is connected to [17] Zaragoza, [19] Pamplona, [23] Girona.
[23] Girona is connected to [20] Huesca, [22] Barcelona.

To reach the enemy capital, I need to go through the road network.
Path to Barcelona: from Madrid [12] -> Zaragoza [17] -> Tarragona [21] -> Barcelona [22].
Or from Toledo [8] -> Teruel [13] -> Castellon [18] -> Tarragona [21] -> Barcelona [22].
Or from Cordoba [11] -> Murcia [15] -> Valencia [16] -> Castellon [18] -> Tarragona [21] -> Barcelona [22].
Or from Burgos [14] -> Pamplona [19] -> Huesca [20] -> Girona [23] -> Barcelona [22].

Let's look at the immediate threats and opportunities.
The enemy has:
[13] Teruel: 22 spear, 2 archer, 8 knight. Def 80. This is a very strong fortress.
[17] Zaragoza: 6 spear, 4 knight. Def 25.
[15] Murcia: 6 spear, 1 knight. Def 18.
[19] Pamplona: 2 spear. Def 5.

I need to capture more villages to reach 18.
Currently I have 14. I need 4 more villages.
The villages I can see are [13], [17], [15], [19].
The unexplored ones are [16], [18], [20], [21], [22], [23]. Some of these might be neutral or enemy.
Wait, the prompt says "eliminate every enemy village" or "hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages".
The enemy has [13], [17], [15], [19] and likely [16], [18], [20], [21], [22], [23].
If I capture [19] Pamplona (def 5), [15] Murcia (def 18), [17] Zaragoza (def 25), that's 3 more, bringing me to 17. I need one more, maybe [13] Teruel or one of the unexplored ones.
Wait, are there neutral villages? The prompt says "Neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type."
Are any of the unexplored ones neutral? The prompt says "THE ENEMY CAPITAL - its garrison is unknown to you" for [22] Barcelona. It doesn't say the others are enemy, but they are likely under King B since they are in the unexplored section and the road network connects to enemy territories.
Let's check the road network.
[16] Valencia: [13], [15], [18]. Since [13] and [15] are enemy, [16] is likely enemy or neutral.
[18] Castellon: [13], [16], [21].
[20] Huesca: [17], [19], [23].
[21] Tarragona: [17], [18], [22].
[23] Girona: [20], [22].

Let's plan the attacks.
First, let's look at the easiest target: [19] Pamplona (def 5, 2 spear).
I can attack from [14] Burgos.
Burgos has 10 spear, 3 archer. Def 33.
If I send 10 spear from Burgos to Pamplona:
Travel time: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn. So 1 turn for knights, 2 for archers, 3 for spearmen? Wait, "march from [14] Burgos: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". This means 1 turn for slow (spearman), 1 turn for medium (archer), 1 turn for fast (knight)? No, "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast. Wait, "march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns". So for Burgos to Pamplona, it's 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. That means 1 turn for all types!
Let's check the distance. [14] Burgos to [19] Pamplona is 1 step. So 1 turn.
Pamplona has 2 spear. Def 5.
If I send 10 spear from Burgos:
Attack: 10 spear. Attack value of spear is 1. Total attack = 10.
Defense: 2 spear. Defense value of spear is 2. Location bonus: village. Defense counts x1.25.
Effective defense is 5 (already includes bonus).
Wait, the prompt says "effective defense (location bonus included): 5".
So effective defense is 5.
My attack is 10. I win easily.
But wait, "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER."
Effective force for attacker: Attack sum. Spear attack is 1. 10 spear = 10.
Effective defense is 5. 10 > 5, I win.
Losses: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
Attrition is against the loser's effective force. So I lose some troops.
Let's calculate losses. "attrition against the loser's effective force". Usually, the loser's effective force is the damage they deal.
If I attack with 10 spear (attack 10) against def 5.
The loser's effective force is 5. So I lose 5 troops? Or is it proportional?
"The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
Let's assume I lose some spear.
If I send 10 spear, I might lose 5, leaving 5. Still enough to hold the village? No, the troops march and fight, then the winner occupies the village. If I lose 5, 5 spear remain in Pamplona.
Wait, if I attack Pamplona, I need to occupy it. The garrison will be the surviving troops.
Let's look at other targets.
[15] Murcia: def 18. 6 spear, 1 knight.
I can attack from [11] Cordoba.
Cordoba has 7 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight.
If I send 7 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight:
Attack: spear 7*1=7, archer 6*2=12, knight 1*4=4. Total attack = 23.
Most numerous type: spear (7) vs archer (6) vs knight (1). Most numerous is spear.
Counter triangle: spear counters knight. But the defender has 6 spear, 1 knight. Most numerous is spear.
My most numerous is spear. Spear vs spear: no counter.
Wait, "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
My army: 7 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous: spear.
Defender: 6 spear, 1 knight. Most numerous: spear.
Spear vs spear: no counter.
So no bonus.
My attack = 23. Defender defense = 18.
I win. Losses will be against 18.
If I send 7 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight, I might lose a lot.
Maybe just send 7 spear and 6 archer? Attack = 7 + 12 = 19. Still > 18.
What about [17] Zaragoza: def 25. 6 spear, 4 knight.
Attack from [12] Madrid.
Madrid has 12 spear, 6 archer, 3 knight.
If I send 12 spear, 6 archer, 3 knight:
Attack: 12*1 + 6*2 + 3*4 = 12 + 12 + 12 = 36.
Most numerous: spear (12).
Defender: 6 spear, 4 knight. Most numerous: spear (6).
Spear vs spear: no counter.
Attack 36 vs def 25. Win.
But losses against 25 will be high.

Let's think about the overall strategy.
I need 4 more villages.
Pamplona [19] is the easiest (def 5).
Murcia [15] is next (def 18).
Zaragoza [17] is def 25.
Teruel [13] is def 80. Very hard.
If I capture Pamplona, Murcia, Zaragoza, that's 3 villages. I need 1 more.
Maybe one of the unexplored ones is neutral or weak?
Or maybe I can capture Teruel if I gather enough forces?
Wait, the enemy capital is Barcelona [22]. If I capture it, I might win by eliminating every enemy village? No, "taking it is NOT required to win". But eliminating every enemy village is a win condition.
If I capture all enemy villages, I win.
The enemy villages are: [13] Teruel, [17] Zaragoza, [15] Murcia, [19] Pamplona, and likely [16], [18], [20], [21], [22], [23].
That's 10 enemy villages. I need to capture all of them to eliminate every enemy village.
But holding 18 of 24 is easier. There are 24 villages total.
I have 14. The enemy has 10 (assuming all unexplored are enemy).
If I capture 4 enemy villages, I will have 18, and the enemy will have 6.
So I don't need to capture all of them, just 4.
Let's target [19] Pamplona, [15] Murcia, [17] Zaragoza, and maybe [16] Valencia or [18] Castellon if they are weak, or just [13] Teruel if I can.
Wait, if I capture [19], [15], [17], I have 17. I need one more.
Can I capture [13] Teruel?
Teruel has def 80. 22 spear, 2 archer, 8 knight.
To attack Teruel, I need to send troops from [8] Toledo.
Toledo has 17 spear, 5 archer. Attack = 17*1 + 5*2 = 27. Def 80. Not enough.
I can reinforce Toledo from other villages.
But troops from different villages fight alone. "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So I can only send one army from Toledo at a time? No, I can send one army from Toledo, and another from Madrid, but they will fight sequentially, not together.
Wait, "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
This means if I send from Toledo and Madrid to Teruel, they will arrive and fight one after the other. The first one will fight the garrison, then the second one will fight the remaining garrison (or the first one if it won).
Actually, if I send from Toledo to Teruel, it fights Teruel. If I send from Madrid to Teruel, it also fights Teruel. But they don't combine.
So to capture a village, I need a single send that can beat the defense.
Or I can send multiple sends over multiple turns, wearing down the defense.
But the enemy also builds troops every turn.
Let's look at the enemy's building capacity.
Teruel has 22 spear, 2 archer, 8 knight. It can build more.
But if I attack it repeatedly, I might wear it down.
However, I need to hold 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns.
If I capture 4 villages, I have 18. I need to hold them for 2 turns.
So I need to capture them and then defend them.
Let's focus on the easy ones first.

Plan for this turn:
1. Attack [19] Pamplona from [14] Burgos.
Send 10 spear from Burgos to Pamplona.
Travel time: 1 turn.
Pamplona def: 5. 2 spear.
Attack: 10 spear = 10.
Defense: 5.
Win. Losses: attrition against 5. Probably lose 5 spear.
Remaining: 5 spear in Pamplona.
Wait, if I lose 5 spear, I have 5 left. Pamplona will have 5 spear.
Is it worth it? Yes, I get a new village.
Burgos will have 0 spear left. But Burgos is not a border village except for Pamplona. If I lose all spear in Burgos, its defense drops.
But Burgos has 3 archer. Def 33.
Let's check if I should send all 10 spear or fewer.
If I send 6 spear: attack 6 > def 5. Win. Losses against 5. Might lose 5, leaving 1. Not good.
If I send 10 spear: attack 10. Losses against 5. Might lose 5, leaving 5.
Let's send 10 spear from Burgos to Pamplona.

2. Attack [15] Murcia from [11] Cordoba.
Cordoba has 7 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight.
Murcia def: 18. 6 spear, 1 knight.
If I send 7 spear, 6 archer:
Attack: 7*1 + 6*2 = 19.
Defense: 18.
Win. Losses against 18. Might lose a lot.
Maybe send 7 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight?
Attack: 7 + 12 + 4 = 23.
Losses against 18.
Let's send 7 spear, 6 archer from Cordoba to Murcia.
Wait, Cordoba has 1 knight too. Should I send it?
Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Cordoba has iron 40. It can build more.
But sending the knight increases attack to 23, reducing losses?
Actually, losses are "attrition against the loser's effective force". The loser's effective force is 18.
So my losses will be around 18, regardless of my attack size, as long as I win.
Wait, if my attack is 19 and def is 18, I win by 1. Losses might be high.
If my attack is 23 and def is 18, I win by 5. Losses might be slightly lower?
Usually, losses are proportional to the enemy's defense.
Let's send 7 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight from Cordoba to Murcia.
Attack: 23. Def: 18. Win.

3. Attack [17] Zaragoza from [12] Madrid.
Madrid has 12 spear, 6 archer, 3 knight.
Zaragoza def: 25. 6 spear, 4 knight.
If I send 12 spear, 6 archer, 3 knight:
Attack: 12 + 12 + 12 = 36.
Def: 25.
Win.
But Madrid is a border village with Zaragoza. If I empty it, it's undefended.
But I need to capture Zaragoza.
Let's send 12 spear, 6 archer, 3 knight from Madrid to Zaragoza.
Wait, Madrid has 21 troops. If I send all, Madrid is empty.
But Madrid produces resources. It can build more.
Let's check the resource production.
Each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn.
Madrid has wood 70, iron 40.
It can build troops.
If I send all troops, Madrid will be empty this turn, but next turn it can build.
But I need to hold Madrid. If the enemy attacks it, I'm in trouble.
Who can attack Madrid? Zaragoza [17] or Burgos [14] or Salamanca [7] or Toledo [8].
Zaragoza is being attacked by me, so it might not attack.
But if I capture Zaragoza, it becomes mine.
Let's send 12 spear, 6 archer, 3 knight from Madrid to Zaragoza.

Wait, can I do all three attacks in one turn?
Orders are simultaneous. Yes, I can send multiple armies.
Let's check the travel times.
Burgos to Pamplona: 1 turn.
Cordoba to Murcia: 1 turn.
Madrid to Zaragoza: 1 turn.
All arrive next turn.
So next turn, I will have captured 3 villages: Pamplona, Murcia, Zaragoza.
That brings my total to 17 villages.
I need one more.
Can I attack Teruel [13] from Toledo [8]?
Toledo has 17 spear, 5 archer. Attack = 27. Def = 80. Not enough.
Can I attack Valencia [16] or Castellon [18]?
I don't know their defenses. They are unexplored.
But I can see them if I send troops near them.
Wait, "You see: your own villages, every village directly connected to one of yours by road, and the destination of each army you have on the march."
If I capture Pamplona, Murcia, Zaragoza, I will see their neighbors.
Pamplona [19] connects to [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza, [20] Huesca.
If I capture Pamplona, I will see Huesca [20].
Murcia [15] connects to [11] Cordoba, [16] Valencia.
If I capture Murcia, I will see Valencia [16].
Zaragoza [17] connects to [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona.
If I capture Zaragoza, I will see Huesca [20] and Tarragona [21].
So next turn, I will see Valencia, Huesca, Tarragona.
Then I can decide the next attack.

Let's refine the troop sends.
For Pamplona [19]:
From Burgos [14]: send 10 spear.
Burgos has 10 spear, 3 archer. Wood 30, Iron 20.
Cost of 10 spear: 10 * 15 wood = 150 wood. But Burgos only has 30 wood!
Ah! "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."
But I'm sending existing troops, not building new ones!
"AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 10 spearman, 3 archer, 0 knight"
So I can send up to 10 spear. I don't need to pay for them, they are already built.
So sending 10 spear is fine.

For Murcia [15]:
From Cordoba [11]: send 7 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight.
Cordoba has 7 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight. So I can send all of them.
But Cordoba's defense will drop to 0.
Cordoba is a border village with Murcia. If I capture Murcia, Cordoba is safe from that side.
But Cordoba also connects to [8] Toledo and [9] Sevilha. Sevilha is mine, Toledo is mine.
So Cordoba is relatively safe.
Let's send 7 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight from Cordoba to Murcia.

For Zaragoza [17]:
From Madrid [12]: send 12 spear, 6 archer, 3 knight.
Madrid has 12 spear, 6 archer, 3 knight. Send all.
Madrid connects to [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza.
If I capture Zaragoza, Madrid is safe from Zaragoza.
But Madrid is a key hub. If I empty it, it's vulnerable.
However, I need to capture Zaragoza.
Maybe I should keep some troops in Madrid?
If I send 10 spear, 5 archer, 2 knight:
Attack: 10 + 10 + 8 = 28. Def: 25. Win.
Losses against 25.
Let's send 10 spear, 5 archer, 2 knight from Madrid to Zaragoza.
Keep 2 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight in Madrid for defense.
Madrid def is 53. With 2 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight, def drops but still decent.
Wait, effective defense is 53 with 21 troops. If I leave 4 troops, def will be lower.
But it's better than 0.

Let's check the attack power of 10 spear, 5 archer, 2 knight:
Attack: 10*1 + 5*2 + 2*4 = 10 + 10 + 8 = 28.
Defender: 6 spear, 4 knight. Def 25.
Most numerous: spear (6) vs spear (10). No counter.
28 > 25. Win.
Losses: attrition against 25. I might lose 10-15 troops.
But I have 28 attack, so I should win.

What about building troops this turn?
I have resources. I should build troops to reinforce my villages.
Let's look at my villages and their resources.
[0] Lisboa: wood 60, iron 160. Can build archers (20 wood, 10 iron) or knights (30 wood, 30 iron).
Lisboa has 14 troops. Cap is 300. It can build.
Let's build some archers in Lisboa.
Iron 160. Can build 16 archers (160 wood, but only 60 wood).
Wait, Lisboa has wood 60. It can build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron).
Or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
Let's build 3 archers in Lisboa.
Cost: 60 wood, 30 iron. Lisboa will have wood 0, iron 130.
Wait, Lisboa produces 30 wood per turn. So next turn it will have 30 wood.
Let's build 2 archers: 40 wood, 20 iron. Lisboa wood 20, iron 140.
Let's build 3 archers.

[1] Santarem: wood 60, iron 180. Can build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron).
[2] Evora: wood 60, iron 240. Can build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron).
[4] Badajoz: wood 60, iron 160. Can build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron).
[5] Faro: wood 60, iron 210. Can build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron).
[6] Porto: wood 60, iron 160. Can build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron).
[7] Salamanca: wood 60, iron 60. Can build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
Let's build 3 archers in Salamanca.
[8] Toledo: wood 60, iron 130. Can build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron).
[11] Cordoba: wood 60, iron 40. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
[12] Madrid: wood 70, iron 40. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
[14] Burgos: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spear (30 wood, 0 iron).
Let's build 2 spear in Burgos. Cost 30 wood.

Wait, I need to prioritize building troops where they are needed.
Since I'm sending troops from Cordoba, Madrid, Burgos, they will be empty or low.
I should build troops in those villages to replenish them.
But building takes 1 turn. The troops will be ready next turn.
If I send troops this turn, they arrive next turn. The new troops built this turn will be ready next turn too.
So I can build in the villages I'm sending from, to have troops next turn.
Let's build in Cordoba, Madrid, Burgos.
Cordoba: sending 7 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight. It has 0 left.
It has wood 60, iron 40.
Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) and 1 spear (15 wood).
Or 3 spear (45 wood).
Let's build 3 spear in Cordoba. Cost 45 wood. Cordoba wood 15, iron 40.
Madrid: sending 10 spear, 5 archer, 2 knight. It has 2 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight left.
Madrid has wood 70, iron 40.
Can build 3 spear (45 wood) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
Let's build 3 spear in Madrid. Cost 45 wood. Madrid wood 25, iron 40.
Burgos: sending 10 spear. It has 0 spear, 3 archer left.
Burgos has wood 30, iron 20.
Can build 2 spear (30 wood). Cost 30 wood. Burgos wood 0, iron 20.

Also, I should build in other villages to grow my army.
Lisboa: build 3 archers.
Santarem: build 3 archers.
Evora: build 3 archers.
Badajoz: build 3 archers.
Faro: build 3 archers.
Porto: build 3 archers.
Salamanca: build 3 archers.
Toledo: build 3 archers.
Sevilha: wood 60, iron 130. Build 3 archers.
Vigo: wood 60, iron 130. Build 3 archers.

Let's list the builds:
[0] Lisboa: 3 archer
[1] Santarem: 3 archer
[2] Evora: 3 archer
[4] Badajoz: 3 archer
[5] Faro: 3 archer
[6] Porto: 3 archer
[7] Salamanca: 3 archer
[8] Toledo: 3 archer
[9] Sevilha: 3 archer
[10] Vigo: 3 archer
[11] Cordoba: 3 spearman
[12] Madrid: 3 spearman
[14] Burgos: 2 spearman

Wait, can I build knights? Knights are more expensive but stronger.
But I need iron. Lisboa has 160 iron. It can build 5 knights (150 wood, 150 iron). But Lisboa only has 60 wood.
So I can only build 2 knights in Lisboa (60 wood, 60 iron).
Let's stick to archers and spearmen for now, as they are cheaper and I need numbers.

Let's double check the movements.
Movement 1: from [14] Burgos to [19] Pamplona.
Troops: 10 spearman.
Travel time: 1 turn.
Pamplona def: 5. 2 spear.
Attack: 10. Win.

Movement 2: from [11] Cordoba to [15] Murcia.
Troops: 7 spearman, 6 archer, 1 knight.
Travel time: 1 turn.
Murcia def: 18. 6 spear, 1 knight.
Attack: 7*1 + 6*2 + 1*4 = 23. Win.

Movement 3: from [12] Madrid to [17] Zaragoza.
Troops: 10 spearman, 5 archer, 2 knight.
Travel time: 1 turn.
Zaragoza def: 25. 6 spear, 4 knight.
Attack: 10*1 + 5*2 + 2*4 = 28. Win.

Wait, is there any enemy army on the march?
"ENEMY (only what your watchmen can see): - none sighted"
So no enemy armies are marching. My attacks should be unopposed this turn.

Let's check if I should attack Teruel [13] instead of Zaragoza?
Teruel def is 80. My attack from Madrid is 28. Not enough.
What if I send from Toledo [8] to Teruel [13]?
Toledo has 17 spear, 5 archer. Attack = 17 + 10 = 27. Still not enough.
So I can't capture Teruel yet.

What about Valencia [16]? I can't see it, so I don't know its defense.
But I can attack it if I capture Murcia [15] first, then from Murcia I can see Valencia.
Wait, if I capture Murcia this turn, next turn I can attack Valencia from Murcia or Cordoba.
So the plan is:
Turn 18: Capture Pamplona, Murcia, Zaragoza. Total villages = 17.
Turn 19: See Valencia, Huesca, Tarragona. Capture one of them to reach 18.
Turn 20: Hold 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns? No, I need to hold them for 2 consecutive turns.
If I capture the 18th village on Turn 19, I hold 18 on Turn 19 and Turn 20. That's 2 consecutive turns!
Wait, "hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns".
If I capture the 18th on Turn 19, I hold 18 at the end of Turn 19.
Then on Turn 20, I still hold 18. That's 2 consecutive turns (Turn 19 and Turn 20).
So I need to capture the 18th village on Turn 19.
This means on Turn 18, I need to capture 3 villages (bringing total to 17).
Then on Turn 19, I capture 1 more (bringing total to 18).
Then on Turn 20, I just need to survive and hold 18.
So the plan is solid.

Let's review the troop counts and resources.
Burgos: 10 spear, 3 archer. Send 10 spear. OK.
Cordoba: 7 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight. Send all. OK.
Madrid: 12 spear, 6 archer, 3 knight. Send 10 spear, 5 archer, 2 knight. OK.
Leaves 2 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight in Madrid.

Builds:
[0] Lisboa: 3 archer (cost 60 wood, 30 iron). Lisboa has 60 wood, 160 iron. OK.
[1] Santarem: 3 archer (cost 60 wood, 30 iron). Santarem has 60 wood, 180 iron. OK.
[2] Evora: 3 archer (cost 60 wood, 30 iron). Evora has 60 wood, 240 iron. OK.
[4] Badajoz: 3 archer (cost 60 wood, 30 iron). Badajoz has 60 wood, 160 iron. OK.
[5] Faro: 3 archer (cost 60 wood, 30 iron). Faro has 60 wood, 210 iron. OK.
[6] Porto: 3 archer (cost 60 wood, 30 iron). Porto has 60 wood, 160 iron. OK.
[7] Salamanca: 3 archer (cost 60 wood, 30 iron). Salamanca has 60 wood, 60 iron. OK.
[8] Toledo: 3 archer (cost 60 wood, 30 iron). Toledo has 60 wood, 130 iron. OK.
[9] Sevilha: 3 archer (cost 60 wood, 30 iron). Sevilha has 60 wood, 130 iron. OK.
[10] Vigo: 3 archer (cost 60 wood, 30 iron). Vigo has 60 wood, 130 iron. OK.
[11] Cordoba: 3 spearman (cost 45 wood). Cordoba has 60 wood, 40 iron. OK.
[12] Madrid: 3 spearman (cost 45 wood). Madrid has 70 wood, 40 iron. OK.
[14] Burgos: 2 spearman (cost 30 wood). Burgos has 30 wood, 20 iron. OK.

Wait, Cordoba has iron 40. If I build 3 spearman, cost is 45 wood, 0 iron. Cordoba wood 15, iron 40.
Next turn, Cordoba produces 30 wood, 20 iron. Wood 45, iron 60. It can build more.
Madrid has wood 70, iron 40. Build 3 spearman: cost 45 wood. Wood 25, iron 40.
Next turn, wood 55, iron 60.

Let's check if I should build knights in Lisboa.
Lisboa has wood 60, iron 160.
If I build 2 knights: cost 60 wood, 60 iron. Wood 0, iron 100.
Knights are fast and strong. But I need wood for other things.
Let's stick to archers for Lisboa. 3 archers: cost 60 wood, 30 iron. Wood 0, iron 130.
Actually, Lisboa is the capital. It should have strong defense.
But archers are fine.

Let's check the "plan" and "statement".
Plan: I am attacking Pamplona, Murcia, and Zaragoza this turn to bring my total to 17 villages. Next turn, I will assess the newly visible villages (Valencia, Huesca, Tarragona) and capture one more to reach 18. I must ensure my border villages are defended and resources are stockpiled.
Statement: I have ordered a massive three-pronged assault on the enemy's western flank. Burgos, Cordoba, and Madrid have sent their entire strike forces to capture Pamplona, Murcia, and Zaragoza respectively. My interior villages are busy building archers to replenish my ranks and prepare for the next phase of the campaign.

Let's double check the JSON format.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 4, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 5, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 6, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 7, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 8, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 9, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 10, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 11, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 12, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 14, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 14, "toId": 19, "troops": {"spearman": 10}},
    {"fromId": 11, "toId": 15, "troops": {"spearman": 7, "archer": 6, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 12, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 10, "archer": 5, "knight": 2}}
  ],
  "plan": "Capture Pamplona, Murcia, and Zaragoza to reach 17 villages. Next turn, inspect newly visible Valencia, Huesca, and Tarragona, then capture one to hit 18. Focus on archer production to maintain offensive pressure.",
  "statement": "Ordered a triple attack on Pamplona, Murcia, and Zaragoza. My armies are marching to overwhelm the enemy's defenses and expand my territory to 17 villages."
}

Wait, let's check the travel time for Cordoba to Murcia.
"march from [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
So 1 turn for all types.
Madrid to Zaragoza:
"march from [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
So 1 turn.
Burgos to Pamplona:
"march from [14] Burgos: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
So 1 turn.
All arrive next turn.

Let's check if there are any other villages I can see.
"VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE (4) - sorted by march distance from your nearest ==="
[13] Teruel, [17] Zaragoza, [15] Murcia, [19] Pamplona.
These are the only enemy villages I can see.
The unexplored ones are [16], [18], [20], [21], [22], [23].
After capturing [19], [15], [17], I will see [20] Huesca, [16] Valencia, [21] Tarragona.
That's 3 new villages. One of them might be the 18th.

Let's review the build list.
Is there any village I missed?
[3] Coimbra: wood 60, iron 210. Can build 3 archers.
[13] Teruel is enemy, not mine.
So I should add Coimbra to builds.
[3] Coimbra: 3 archer.

Let's list all my villages:
[0] Lisboa
[1] Santarem
[2] Evora
[3] Coimbra
[4] Badajoz
[5] Faro
[6] Porto
[7] Salamanca
[8] Toledo
[9] Sevilha
[10] Vigo
[11] Cordoba
[12] Madrid
[14] Burgos

Total 14 villages.
Builds for all except those sending troops (Cordoba, Madrid, Burgos) which build spearman.
Wait, Cordoba, Madrid, Burgos are building spearman.
The others build archer.
Let's check Coimbra: wood 60, iron 210. Build 3 archer. OK.
Sevilha: wood 60, iron 130. Build 3 archer. OK.
Vigo: wood 60, iron 130. Build 3 archer. OK.

Let's verify the wood and iron for each build.
[0] Lisboa: wood 60, iron 160. 3 archer -> wood 0, iron 130. OK.
[1] Santarem: wood 60, iron 180. 3 archer -> wood 0, iron 150. OK.
[2] Evora: wood 60, iron 240. 3 archer -> wood 0, iron 210. OK.
[3] Coimbra: wood 60, iron 210. 3 archer -> wood 0, iron 180. OK.
[4] Badajoz: wood 60, iron 160. 3 archer -> wood 0, iron 130. OK.
[5] Faro: wood 60, iron 210. 3 archer -> wood 0, iron 180. OK.
[6] Porto: wood 60, iron 160. 3 archer -> wood 0, iron 130. OK.
[7] Salamanca: wood 60, iron 60. 3 archer -> wood 0, iron 30. OK.
[8] Toledo: wood 60, iron 130. 3 archer -> wood 0, iron 100. OK.
[9] Sevilha: wood 60, iron 130. 3 archer -> wood 0, iron 100. OK.
[10] Vigo: wood 60, iron 130. 3 archer -> wood 0, iron 100. OK.
[11] Cordoba: wood 60, iron 40. 3 spearman -> wood 15, iron 40. OK.
[12] Madrid: wood 70, iron 40. 3 spearman -> wood 25, iron 40. OK.
[14] Burgos: wood 30, iron 20. 2 spearman -> wood 0, iron 20. OK.

Looks good.

Let's double check the movements.
From [14] Burgos to [19] Pamplona: 10 spearman.
From [11] Cordoba to [15] Murcia: 7 spearman, 6 archer, 1 knight.
From [12] Madrid to [17] Zaragoza: 10 spearman, 5 archer, 2 knight.

Wait, Madrid has 12 spearman, 6 archer, 3 knight.
If I send 10 spearman, 5 archer, 2 knight, I leave 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
Is that enough to defend Madrid?
Madrid effective defense is 53 with 21 troops.
If I leave 4 troops, the defense will drop significantly.
But Madrid is connected to Salamanca [7], Toledo [8], Burgos [14], Zaragoza [17].
Salamanca has 23 troops. Toledo has 22 troops. Burgos has 3 troops.
If the enemy attacks Madrid from Zaragoza, they would need to go through Madrid.
But I am attacking Zaragoza, so the enemy there might not attack.
If the enemy attacks from Teruel [13] -> Toledo [8] -> Madrid [12], they would have to capture Toledo first.
So Madrid is relatively safe for now.
Leaving 4 troops is better than 0.

What about Cordoba?
Cordoba has 7 spearman, 6 archer, 1 knight. Send all. Leaves 0.
Cordoba connects to Toledo [8], Sevilha [9], Murcia [15].
If I capture Murcia, Cordoba is safe from that side.
Toledo and Sevilha are mine.
So Cordoba is safe.

What about Burgos?
Burgos has 10 spearman, 3 archer. Send 10 spearman. Leaves 3 archer.
Burgos connects to Vigo [10], Madrid [12], Pamplona [19].
If I capture Pamplona, Burgos is safe from that side.
Vigo and Madrid are mine.
So Burgos is safe.

Everything seems consistent.

Let's write the final JSON.
I will include all builds and movements.
The plan and statement are written.

One more check: "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."
All builds are within the current resources.
"Cap per village: when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building"
None of my villages are near 300. Max is 23 in Salamanca.
So no cap issues.

"Each troop type has a speed: spearman (slow), archer (medium), knight (fast). A MIXED army marches at the speed of its SLOWEST troop."
My movements have mixed armies.
Burgos to Pamplona: 10 spearman. Speed slow. Travel time 1 turn.
Cordoba to Murcia: 7 spearman, 6 archer, 1 knight. Slowest is spearman. Travel time 1 turn.
Madrid to Zaragoza: 10 spearman, 5 archer, 2 knight. Slowest is spearman. Travel time 1 turn.
All good.

"Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now."
So the enemy might also be attacking.
But I have no information about enemy movements. I will proceed with my plan.

Final check of the JSON structure.
{
  "build": [ {"villageId": <id>, "type": <type>, "quantity": <qty>} ],
  "movements": [ {"fromId": <id>, "toId": <id>, "troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}} ],
  "plan": "<text>",
  "statement": "<text>"
}
Looks correct.
I will output only the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":14,"destinoId":19,"tropas":{"lanceiro":10}},{"origemId":11,"destinoId":15,"tropas":{"lanceiro":7,"arqueiro":6,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":12,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":10,"arqueiro":5,"cavaleiro":2}}]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [0]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [1]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [2]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [3]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [3]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [3]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [4]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [4]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [4]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [5]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [6]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [6]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [6]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [7]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [7]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [7]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [8]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [8]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [8]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [9]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [9]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [9]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [10]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [10]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [10]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [12]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [12]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [12]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [14]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [14]
ACEITO envio [14]->[19]: 10S
ACEITO envio [11]->[15]: 7S+6A+1K
ACEITO envio [12]->[17]: 10S+5A+2K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Capture Pamplona, Murcia, and Zaragoza to reach 17 villages. Next turn, inspect newly visible Valencia, Huesca, and Tarragona, then capture one to hit 18. Focus on archer production to maintain offensive pressure.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): Ordered a triple attack on Pamplona, Murcia, and Zaragoza. My armies are marching to overwhelm the enemy's defenses and expand my territory to 17 villages.
########## TURNO 17 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4268 | resposta 13045 | raciocinio 9162 | finish stop | ms 164596
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 15, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 22, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 21, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 23, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 20, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 19, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 18, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 16, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 2}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Concentrate all forces on the Zaragoza and Teruel fronts. This turn, build maximum knights in all villages and march all available troops to the front lines. Next turn, launch a coordinated assault on Madrid from Zaragoza and Toledo from Teruel. After capturing these, push west to Salamanca and south to Cordoba, aiming to secure 18 villages for the win.\",\n  \"statement\": \"Reinforcing the front lines with all available knights and spearmen. Building troops in every village to fuel the campaign. Preparing for a massive push on Madrid and Toledo next turn.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B and provide a JSON response with build orders, movement orders, a plan, and a statement.

Let's analyze the current state:
- I hold 10 of 24 villages. I need 18 (75%) for 2 consecutive turns to win, or eliminate every enemy village.
- Enemy capital is [0] Lisboa, but taking it is NOT required.
- My capital is [22] Barcelona.
- Enemy is King A.
- My villages:
  - [22] Barcelona (capital): 4 troops (2 spear, 2 knight). Wood 60, Iron 100.
  - [21] Tarragona: 2 troops (2 knight). Wood 60, Iron 90.
  - [23] Girona: 4 troops (2 spear, 2 knight). Wood 60, Iron 90.
  - [18] Castellon: 2 troops (2 knight). Wood 60, Iron 100.
  - [17] Zaragoza: 10 troops (6 spear, 4 knight). Wood 60, Iron 40.
  - [20] Huesca: 2 troops (2 knight). Wood 60, Iron 90.
  - [16] Valencia: 2 troops (2 knight). Wood 60, Iron 60.
  - [13] Teruel: 32 troops (22 spear, 2 archer, 8 knight). Wood 60, Iron 80.
  - [15] Murcia: 7 troops (6 spear, 1 knight). Wood 60, Iron 60.
  - [19] Pamplona: 2 troops (2 spear). Wood 60, Iron 60.

Enemy villages visible:
- [12] Madrid: 12 spear, 6 archer, 3 knight. Def 53.
- [14] Burgos: 10 spear, 3 archer. Def 33.
- [8] Toledo: 17 spear, 5 archer. Def 55.
- [11] Cordoba: 7 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight. Def 35.

Road network:
- [17] Zaragoza connects to [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona.
- [13] Teruel connects to [8] Toledo, [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon.
- [15] Murcia connects to [11] Cordoba, [16] Valencia.
- [19] Pamplona connects to [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza, [20] Huesca.

Let's look at the fronts:
- Zaragoza faces Madrid (def 53). Zaragoza has 10 troops (6 spear, 4 knight).
- Teruel faces Toledo (def 55). Teruel has 32 troops (22 spear, 2 archer, 8 knight).
- Murcia faces Cordoba (def 35). Murcia has 7 troops (6 spear, 1 knight).
- Pamplona faces Burgos (def 33). Pamplona has 2 troops (2 spear).

Let's think about strategy.
I need to capture more villages. The enemy villages are Madrid, Toledo, Cordoba, Burgos, and some unexplored ones (Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, Coimbra, Badajoz, Faro, Sevilha, Porto, Vigo, Salamanca).
I have a large army in Teruel (32 troops). Toledo has 55 defense. If I attack Toledo with all 32 troops, I have 22 spear (attack 1 each = 22), 2 archer (attack 2 each = 4), 8 knight (attack 4 each = 32). Total attack = 58.
Wait, combat rules:
"The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
In my army: 22 spear, 2 archer, 8 knight. Most numerous is spearman.
Enemy in Toledo: 17 spear, 5 archer. Most numerous is spearman.
Spearman vs spearman: no counter bonus.
My attack power: 22*1 + 2*2 + 8*4 = 22 + 4 + 32 = 58.
Toledo defense: 17 spear (def 2 each = 34), 5 archer (def 2 each = 10). Total defense = 44. But effective defense is 55 (including location bonus).
Wait, effective defense is 55.
If I attack, my force is 58, defender is 55. I win, but I lose troops worth half of the loser's effective force.
Loser's effective force is 55. Winner loses troops worth 27.5, spread over troop types.
But wait, if I attack, I lose troops. If I defend, I have the location bonus.
Actually, Teruel has 32 troops. I can send some to attack, but I should also defend.
Wait, orders are simultaneous. If I send troops from Teruel to attack Toledo, they will march and fight. March from Teruel to Toledo is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So they arrive next turn? Or in 1 turn?
"march from [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
This means if I send knights, they take 1 turn. If I send spearmen, they take 1 slow turn (which is 1 turn? Or is it measured in turns where slow=2, medium=1, fast=0.5? No, "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" usually means 1 turn for slow, 1 turn for medium, 1 turn for fast, or maybe the numbers are the actual turn counts. Let's assume it takes 1 turn for all, or maybe 2 turns for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast. The text says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns", which probably means 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast, or it's a shorthand. Let's assume they arrive next turn if I send them now).

Let's look at the resources and builds.
I have wood and iron in each village.
Teruel: wood 60, iron 80. Can build archers (20 wood, 10 iron) or knights (30 wood, 30 iron) or spearmen (15 wood, 0 iron).
Cap per village: 300 troops. Teruel has 32, so plenty of room.
Let's build some troops.
Teruel has 60 wood, 80 iron.
Can build 3 knights (90 wood - wait, only 60 wood. So 2 knights: 60 wood, 60 iron. Leaves 20 iron).
Or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron. Leaves 50 iron).
Or 4 spearmen (60 wood, 0 iron. Leaves 80 iron).
Let's build 2 knights and 2 archers? 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) + 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) = 100 wood (not enough).
Let's build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) in Teruel. Leaves 0 wood, 20 iron.
Or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) in Teruel. Leaves 0 wood, 50 iron.
Or 4 spearmen (60 wood, 0 iron) in Teruel. Leaves 0 wood, 80 iron.
Let's build 2 knights in Teruel.
Zaragoza: wood 60, iron 40. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron - not enough iron). Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Leaves 20 wood, 20 iron.
Let's build 2 archers in Zaragoza.
Barcelona: wood 60, iron 100. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Leaves 0 wood, 40 iron.
Let's build 2 knights in Barcelona.
Girona: wood 60, iron 90. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Leaves 0 wood, 30 iron.
Let's build 2 knights in Girona.
Castellon: wood 60, iron 100. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Leaves 0 wood, 40 iron.
Let's build 2 knights in Castellon.
Valencia: wood 60, iron 60. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Leaves 0 wood, 0 iron.
Let's build 2 knights in Valencia.
Murcia: wood 60, iron 60. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Leaves 0 wood, 0 iron.
Let's build 2 knights in Murcia.
Pamplona: wood 60, iron 60. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Leaves 0 wood, 0 iron.
Let's build 2 knights in Pamplona.
Tarragona: wood 60, iron 90. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Leaves 0 wood, 30 iron.
Let's build 2 knights in Tarragona.
Huesca: wood 60, iron 90. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Leaves 0 wood, 30 iron.
Let's build 2 knights in Huesca.

Wait, I should focus on a specific front.
The front with the most troops is Teruel (32) facing Toledo (55 def).
If I attack Toledo, I can win but lose troops.
What about Madrid? Zaragoza has 10 troops, Madrid has 53 def.
What about Cordoba? Murcia has 7 troops, Cordoba has 35 def.
What about Burgos? Pamplona has 2 troops, Burgos has 33 def.
I need to consolidate my forces.
Let's send troops from rear villages to the front.
From Barcelona (4), Tarragona (2), Girona (4), Castellon (2), Huesca (2), Valencia (2) to Zaragoza or Teruel.
Zaragoza is the main hub for Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Huesca.
Teruel is the hub for Castellon, Valencia.
Let's send:
- From Barcelona: 2 spear, 2 knight to Zaragoza. (March: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Wait, Barcelona to Zaragoza goes through Tarragona? No, road network: Barcelona [22] connects to [21] Tarragona and [23] Girona. Tarragona [21] connects to [17] Zaragoza and [18] Castellon. So Barcelona to Zaragoza goes through Tarragona. But Tarragona is mine, so they pass freely. March time: Barcelona to Tarragona is 1 turn, Tarragona to Zaragoza is 1 turn. Total 2 turns? The report says "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So it takes 2 turns for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast. If I send knights, they take 1 turn. If I send spearmen, they take 2 turns.)
Let's send knights from Barcelona to Zaragoza (1 turn).
From Girona to Zaragoza: Girona [23] connects to [20] Huesca and [22] Barcelona. Huesca [20] connects to [17] Zaragoza. So Girona to Zaragoza goes through Huesca. March time: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Send knights (1 turn).
From Tarragona to Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Send knights (1 turn).
From Huesca to Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Send knights (1 turn).
From Castellon to Teruel: Castellon [18] connects to [13] Teruel and [16] Valencia and [21] Tarragona. So Castellon to Teruel is direct. March time: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Send knights (1 turn).
From Valencia to Teruel: Valencia [16] connects to [13] Teruel, [15] Murcia, [18] Castellon. Direct to Teruel. March time: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Send knights (1 turn).

Let's plan the attacks.
I want to attack Madrid from Zaragoza, and Toledo from Teruel.
If I attack Madrid with Zaragoza's troops + reinforcements, I might win.
Madrid def: 53. Zaragoza has 10 troops (6 spear, 4 knight). Attack = 6*1 + 4*4 = 22. Not enough.
If I reinforce Zaragoza with knights from Barcelona, Girona, Tarragona, Huesca:
Barcelona: 2 knight
Girona: 2 knight
Tarragona: 2 knight
Huesca: 2 knight
Total 8 knight arriving at Zaragoza. But they take 1 turn to arrive. So next turn Zaragoza will have 10 + 8 = 18 troops (6 spear, 12 knight). Attack = 6*1 + 12*4 = 54. Still less than 53? Wait, 54 > 53, so I win!
But wait, if I send them, they arrive next turn. Then I can attack the turn after.
Actually, I can order the attack this turn? No, orders are simultaneous. If I order the march this turn, they arrive next turn. Then I can order the attack next turn.
But wait, I can order the attack this turn if the troops are already there. They are not.
So this turn, I should just march reinforcements to the front lines, and maybe attack weaker targets or build.
Can I attack Cordoba with Murcia? Murcia has 7 troops (6 spear, 1 knight). Attack = 6*1 + 1*4 = 10. Cordoba def = 35. No.
Can I attack Burgos with Pamplona? Pamplona has 2 spear. Attack = 2. Burgos def = 33. No.

Let's look at the unexplored villages. I don't know their garrisons, but I can try to find them.
Salamanca [7] is known from before: 6 spear, 8 archer, 1 knight. Def was 13, now probably higher. March from Zaragoza: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns.
Wait, Salamanca is connected to Madrid [12] and Badajoz [4] and Coimbra [3] and Porto [6].
If I take Madrid, I can attack Salamanca.

Let's focus on the immediate moves.
This turn (Turn 17):
Builds:
- Teruel: 2 knights (cost 60 wood, 60 iron). Teruel has 60 wood, 80 iron. Leaves 0 wood, 20 iron.
- Zaragoza: 2 archers (cost 40 wood, 20 iron). Zaragoza has 60 wood, 40 iron. Leaves 20 wood, 20 iron.
- Barcelona: 2 knights (cost 60 wood, 60 iron). Barcelona has 60 wood, 100 iron. Leaves 0 wood, 40 iron.
- Girona: 2 knights (cost 60 wood, 60 iron). Girona has 60 wood, 90 iron. Leaves 0 wood, 30 iron.
- Castellon: 2 knights (cost 60 wood, 60 iron). Castellon has 60 wood, 100 iron. Leaves 0 wood, 40 iron.
- Valencia: 2 knights (cost 60 wood, 60 iron). Valencia has 60 wood, 60 iron. Leaves 0 wood, 0 iron.
- Murcia: 2 knights (cost 60 wood, 60 iron). Murcia has 60 wood, 60 iron. Leaves 0 wood, 0 iron.
- Pamplona: 2 knights (cost 60 wood, 60 iron). Pamplona has 60 wood, 60 iron. Leaves 0 wood, 0 iron.
- Tarragona: 2 knights (cost 60 wood, 60 iron). Tarragona has 60 wood, 90 iron. Leaves 0 wood, 30 iron.
- Huesca: 2 knights (cost 60 wood, 60 iron). Huesca has 60 wood, 90 iron. Leaves 0 wood, 30 iron.

Movements:
- From Barcelona: 2 knights to Zaragoza.
- From Girona: 2 knights to Zaragoza.
- From Tarragona: 2 knights to Zaragoza.
- From Huesca: 2 knights to Zaragoza.
- From Castellon: 2 knights to Teruel.
- From Valencia: 2 knights to Teruel.
- From Pamplona: 2 knights to Zaragoza? Pamplona connects to Zaragoza via [19] Pamplona - [17] Zaragoza. Yes, direct road. March time: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Send 2 knights.
- From Murcia: 2 knights to Teruel? Murcia connects to Teruel via [16] Valencia. Valencia is mine. March time: Murcia to Valencia is 1 turn, Valencia to Teruel is 1 turn. Total 2 turns for slow, 1 for fast. Send 2 knights to Teruel via Valencia? Or just send to Valencia to reinforce, then to Teruel. Let's send to Valencia first, or directly to Teruel. The rules say "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". Since Valencia is mine, they pass through. So I can order from Murcia to Teruel directly. March time: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Send 2 knights.

Wait, if I send all my knights to Zaragoza and Teruel, I will have no defenders in the rear villages. But the rear villages are interior, so enemies can only reach them after taking the border villages. It's safe to send reinforcements to the front.

Let's calculate the arriving troops:
To Zaragoza:
- From Barcelona: 2 knights (1 turn)
- From Girona: 2 knights (1 turn)
- From Tarragona: 2 knights (1 turn)
- From Huesca: 2 knights (1 turn)
- From Pamplona: 2 knights (1 turn)
Total 10 knights arriving at Zaragoza next turn.
Zaragoza currently has 6 spear, 4 knight. Next turn it will have 6 spear, 14 knight. Plus the 2 archers I'm building there. Total 6 spear, 2 archer, 14 knight.
Attack power: 6*1 + 2*2 + 14*4 = 6 + 4 + 56 = 66. Madrid def is 53. I can easily take Madrid!

To Teruel:
- From Castellon: 2 knights (1 turn)
- From Valencia: 2 knights (1 turn)
- From Murcia: 2 knights (2 turns? Wait, Murcia to Teruel via Valencia. If knights, they take 1 turn per leg? "march from [15] Murcia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" - wait, the report says "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Valencia. For Murcia, it says "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" ? No, the report says for Murcia: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" - wait, let me check the text.
Ah, the text says:
"[15] Murcia ... from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" - wait, no, the text for Murcia doesn't have that line. Let me read carefully.
"[15] Murcia | BORDER with [11] (enemy) | wood 60 (+30/turn) | iron 60 (+20/turn) | effective defense (location bonus included): 18 | troops at home: 7 / 300
    AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 6 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight (attack power if all sent: 10)"
It doesn't list the march times for Murcia. But Valencia says: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". Castellon says: "from here to your nearest border village [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".
So Murcia to Teruel would go through Valencia. Valencia to Teruel is 1 turn. Murcia to Valencia is probably 1 turn. So 2 turns for slow, 1 for fast.
If I send knights from Murcia to Teruel, they take 1 turn? No, if it's 2 legs, and each leg takes 1 turn for knights, then 2 turns. But the report says "march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns" as an example. This suggests the numbers are the actual turn counts. So if it says "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns", it means 2 turns for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast.
So from Castellon to Teruel: knights take 1 turn.
From Valencia to Teruel: knights take 1 turn.
From Murcia to Teruel: probably 2 turns for knights if it goes through Valencia. But I don't have the exact march time for Murcia to Teruel. I'll just send from Valencia and Castellon.

Let's refine the movements:
- Barcelona: 2 knights to Zaragoza
- Girona: 2 knights to Zaragoza
- Tarragona: 2 knights to Zaragoza
- Huesca: 2 knights to Zaragoza
- Pamplona: 2 knights to Zaragoza
- Castellon: 2 knights to Teruel
- Valencia: 2 knights to Teruel
- Zaragoza: 6 spear, 4 knight to Madrid? Wait, if I attack Madrid this turn, the reinforcements won't arrive yet. I should wait until next turn to attack Madrid, so the reinforcements are there.
But can I attack something else this turn?
What about Teruel attacking Toledo? Teruel has 32 troops. Attack = 58. Toledo def = 55. I win, but lose troops.
If I attack Toledo this turn, I lose troops. Then next turn I might not have enough to hold it or attack further.
It's better to reinforce first, then attack next turn.
Wait, if I don't attack this turn, the enemy might attack me.
The enemy has no armies on the march. But they might attack my border villages.
Zaragoza has 10 troops. If enemy attacks Madrid? No, Madrid is enemy. Enemy could attack Zaragoza from Madrid. Madrid has 12 spear, 6 archer, 3 knight. Attack = 12*1 + 6*2 + 3*4 = 12 + 12 + 12 = 36. Zaragoza def = 25 (effective). If enemy attacks Zaragoza, they lose. But they might.
Teruel has 32 troops, def 80. Toledo has 17 spear, 5 archer. Attack = 17 + 10 = 27. Teruel def 80. Enemy won't attack.
Murcia has 7 troops, def 18. Cordoba has 7 spear, 6 archer, 1 knight. Attack = 7 + 12 + 4 = 23. Murcia def 18. Enemy might attack and win?
If enemy attacks Murcia, they have 23 attack, Murcia has 18 def (effective). Wait, defense counts x1.25 in a village. The effective defense already includes the bonus. So Murcia's effective defense is 18. Enemy attack is 23. Enemy wins, takes Murcia.
To prevent this, I should reinforce Murcia or abandon it. But I can send knights from Valencia to Murcia instead of Teruel.
Let's send Valencia's 2 knights to Murcia. Murcia will have 7 + 2 = 9 troops. Def might increase slightly.
Actually, if I send knights to Murcia, they arrive next turn. This turn, Murcia has 7 troops. If enemy attacks this turn, they use the current garrison.
Can I send troops from Teruel to Murcia? Teruel to Murcia goes through Valencia. March time: 2 turns for slow, 1 for fast. So knights from Teruel to Murcia take 2 turns.
What if I send Teruel's troops to attack Cordoba? No, they would stop at Valencia? No, Valencia is mine, so they pass through. But it takes time.
Let's just reinforce the front lines and prepare for a big push next turn.

Let's check the build orders again.
I have 10 villages. Each produces 30 wood, 20 iron.
Total wood: 300. Total iron: 200.
I can build a lot of knights. Each knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron.
With 300 wood, I can build 10 knights. With 200 iron, I can build 6 knights (need 180 iron).
So I can build 6 knights total this turn, distributed among my villages.
Let's build 2 knights in Teruel (60 wood, 60 iron).
2 knights in Barcelona (60 wood, 60 iron).
2 knights in Zaragoza? Zaragoza has 40 iron, so only 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
Let's build 1 knight and 1 archer in Zaragoza? 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 50 wood, 40 iron. Zaragoza has 60 wood, 40 iron. Perfect.
Let's build 2 knights in Girona (60 wood, 60 iron).
2 knights in Castellon (60 wood, 60 iron).
Wait, that's 2 (Teruel) + 2 (Barcelona) + 1 (Zaragoza) + 2 (Girona) + 2 (Castellon) = 9 knights. But I only have 200 iron. 9 knights = 270 iron. Not enough.
Let's calculate iron:
Teruel: 80 iron -> 2 knights (60 iron)
Barcelona: 100 iron -> 2 knights (60 iron)
Girona: 90 iron -> 2 knights (60 iron)
Castellon: 100 iron -> 2 knights (60 iron)
Total iron needed: 240. I have 80+100+90+100 = 370 iron. So I can build 2 knights in each of these 4 villages. That's 8 knights, needing 240 iron. I have 370, so yes.
Wood needed: 8 * 30 = 240 wood. I have 60*4 = 240 wood. Perfect.
So build 2 knights in Teruel, Barcelona, Girona, Castellon.
What about the other villages?
Tarragona: 60 wood, 90 iron. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
Huesca: 60 wood, 90 iron. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
Valencia: 60 wood, 60 iron. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
Murcia: 60 wood, 60 iron. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
Pamplona: 60 wood, 60 iron. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
Zaragoza: 60 wood, 40 iron. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 50 wood, 40 iron.
Total knights: 8 (from first 4) + 2*4 (from Tarragona, Huesca, Valencia, Murcia, Pamplona - wait, that's 5 villages. 5 * 2 = 10 knights) + 1 (Zaragoza) = 19 knights.
Total iron needed: 19 * 30 = 570 iron. But I only have 370 + 90 + 90 + 60 + 60 + 60 + 40 = 770 iron? Wait, each village produces 20 iron per turn. The report says "wood 60 (+30/turn) | iron 100 (+20/turn)". This means they have 60 wood and 100 iron in storage, and produce 30 wood and 20 iron per turn.
So the storage is what I can spend.
Total storage wood: 10 villages * 60 = 600 wood.
Total storage iron: 10 villages * varying amounts. Let's sum:
Barcelona: 100
Tarragona: 90
Girona: 90
Castellon: 100
Zaragoza: 40
Huesca: 90
Valencia: 60
Teruel: 80
Murcia: 60
Pamplona: 60
Total iron: 100+90+90+100+40+90+60+80+60+60 = 770 iron.
Total wood: 10 * 60 = 600 wood.
I can build at most 600/30 = 20 knights from wood, and 770/30 = 25 knights from iron. So wood is the limit. I can build 20 knights total.
But I also want to build archers or spearmen?
Let's build knights everywhere possible.
Villages with >= 60 wood and >= 30 iron can build 2 knights.
All my villages have 60 wood.
Iron:
Barcelona: 100 -> 2 knights (60 iron)
Tarragona: 90 -> 2 knights (60 iron)
Girona: 90 -> 2 knights (60 iron)
Castellon: 100 -> 2 knights (60 iron)
Zaragoza: 40 -> 1 knight (30 iron)
Huesca: 90 -> 2 knights (60 iron)
Valencia: 60 -> 2 knights (60 iron)
Teruel: 80 -> 2 knights (60 iron)
Murcia: 60 -> 2 knights (60 iron)
Pamplona: 60 -> 2 knights (60 iron)
Total knights: 2*9 + 1 = 19 knights.
Wood needed: 19 * 30 = 570 wood. I have 600. Leaves 30 wood.
Iron needed: 19 * 30 = 570 iron. I have 770. Leaves 200 iron.
In Zaragoza, after 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron), I have 30 wood, 10 iron. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Leaves 10 wood, 0 iron.
Or 2 spearmen (30 wood, 0 iron). Leaves 0 wood, 10 iron.
Let's build 2 spearmen in Zaragoza. Cost 30 wood, 0 iron.
Total builds:
- Barcelona: 2 knights
- Tarragona: 2 knights
- Girona: 2 knights
- Castellon: 2 knights
- Zaragoza: 1 knight, 2 spearmen
- Huesca: 2 knights
- Valencia: 2 knights
- Teruel: 2 knights
- Murcia: 2 knights
- Pamplona: 2 knights

Wait, Zaragoza has 60 wood. 1 knight = 30 wood. 2 spearmen = 30 wood. Total 60 wood. Perfect.
Zaragoza iron: 40. 1 knight = 30 iron. Leaves 10 iron. 2 spearmen = 0 iron. Perfect.

Let's double check the troop counts and available to send.
The report says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" for each village. This is the troops currently at home.
If I build new troops, they are ready in 1 turn. So they won't be available to send THIS turn, but next turn.
So my movements this turn can only use the troops already there.
Let's list the troops available to send now:
- Barcelona: 2 spear, 2 knight
- Tarragona: 2 knight
- Girona: 2 spear, 2 knight
- Castellon: 2 knight
- Zaragoza: 6 spear, 4 knight
- Huesca: 2 knight
- Valencia: 2 knight
- Teruel: 22 spear, 2 archer, 8 knight
- Murcia: 6 spear, 1 knight
- Pamplona: 2 spear

I want to send reinforcements to Zaragoza and Teruel.
From Barcelona: send 2 knight to Zaragoza.
From Tarragona: send 2 knight to Zaragoza.
From Girona: send 2 knight to Zaragoza.
From Huesca: send 2 knight to Zaragoza.
From Pamplona: send 2 spear to Zaragoza? Or 2 knight? Pamplona has 2 spear, 0 knight. Send 2 spear to Zaragoza.
From Castellon: send 2 knight to Teruel.
From Valencia: send 2 knight to Teruel.
From Murcia: send 1 knight to Teruel? Or keep it for defense. Murcia is a border village. Let's keep the 1 knight there, and send the 6 spear? Spear are slow, might not arrive in time. Let's just send the 1 knight to Teruel via Valencia. March time: 2 turns for slow, 1 for fast. So 1 knight takes 1 turn? Wait, if it's 2 legs, and each leg takes 1 turn for knights, then 2 turns. But the report says "march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns" as an example. This suggests the numbers are the actual turn counts. So if it says "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns", it means 2 turns for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast.
So from Castellon to Teruel: knights take 1 turn.
From Valencia to Teruel: knights take 1 turn.
From Murcia to Teruel: probably 2 turns for knights if it goes through Valencia. But I don't have the exact march time for Murcia to Teruel. I'll just send from Valencia and Castellon.

Let's refine the movements:
- Barcelona: 2 knights to Zaragoza
- Girona: 2 knights to Zaragoza
- Tarragona: 2 knights to Zaragoza
- Huesca: 2 knights to Zaragoza
- Pamplona: 2 spearmen to Zaragoza
- Castellon: 2 knights to Teruel
- Valencia: 2 knights to Teruel
- Zaragoza: keep all 10 troops for defense? Or send some to attack Madrid?
If I send Zaragoza's troops to attack Madrid, they will march 1 turn and fight next turn. But the reinforcements from Barcelona etc. also march 1 turn and arrive next turn. If I order the attack from Zaragoza this turn, the troops that leave Zaragoza will be the ones that were there at the start of the turn. The reinforcements arrive at the same time? No, orders are simultaneous. If I order a march from Zaragoza to Madrid, and a march from Barcelona to Zaragoza, the troops from Barcelona arrive at Zaragoza at the end of the turn? Or during the turn?
"Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now. Nothing you order this turn is visible to them before it happens."
"An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there"
"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
This means if I send Zaragoza's troops to Madrid, they fight alone. The reinforcements from Barcelona arrive at Zaragoza after Zaragoza's troops have left? Or they arrive at Zaragoza and then can't join the attack because the attack already happened?
Actually, if I send Zaragoza's troops to Madrid, they leave Zaragoza. Then the reinforcements arrive at Zaragoza. They don't join the attack on Madrid because the attack is already underway.
So it's better to NOT attack this turn, but wait for the reinforcements to arrive at Zaragoza, then attack next turn.
But what if the enemy attacks Madrid? No, Madrid is enemy, they won't attack themselves.
What if the enemy attacks Zaragoza? If I keep Zaragoza's troops there, they defend. If I send them to Madrid, Zaragoza is empty and the enemy can take it.
So I should keep Zaragoza's troops in Zaragoza for defense, and send reinforcements.
Same for Teruel: keep troops in Teruel for defense, send reinforcements from rear.

Let's check if I can attack any enemy village this turn with a good chance of winning without too many losses.
Cordoba: def 35. Murcia has 6 spear, 1 knight. Attack = 6 + 4 = 10. Not enough.
Burgos: def 33. Pamplona has 2 spear. Attack = 2. Not enough.
Madrid: def 53. Zaragoza has 6 spear, 4 knight. Attack = 6 + 16 = 22. Not enough.
Toledo: def 55. Teruel has 22 spear, 2 archer, 8 knight. Attack = 22 + 4 + 32 = 58. Enough to win, but I'll lose troops.
If I attack Toledo with all 32 troops, I win. Loser's effective force is 55. Winner loses troops worth 27.5, spread over troop types.
My troops: 22 spear, 2 archer, 8 knight.
Loser's force: 55. I lose 27.5 worth of troops.
How is it spread? "spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself."
Usually, it loses proportionally. So I might lose ~10 spear, ~1 archer, ~4 knight. Leaving me with ~12 spear, ~1 archer, ~4 knight. That's a significant loss.
And then Toledo will have my garrison. But I need to hold it.
If I don't attack, I just reinforce.
Let's wait and attack next turn when I have more troops.

So this turn is purely reinforcement and building.
Let's write down the exact orders.

Builds:
- Barcelona: 2 knights
- Tarragona: 2 knights
- Girona: 2 knights
- Castellon: 2 knights
- Zaragoza: 1 knight, 2 spearmen
- Huesca: 2 knights
- Valencia: 2 knights
- Teruel: 2 knights
- Murcia: 2 knights
- Pamplona: 2 knights

Movements:
- Barcelona: 2 knights to Zaragoza
- Tarragona: 2 knights to Zaragoza
- Girona: 2 knights to Zaragoza
- Huesca: 2 knights to Zaragoza
- Pamplona: 2 spearmen to Zaragoza
- Castellon: 2 knights to Teruel
- Valencia: 2 knights to Teruel

Wait, Pamplona has 2 spearmen. If I send them to Zaragoza, they take 1 slow turn (which is 1 turn? Or 2?). The report says "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Pamplona? No, Pamplona says "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" - wait, let me check the text for Pamplona.
"[19] Pamplona | BORDER with [14] (enemy) | wood 60 (+30/turn) | iron 60 (+20/turn) | effective defense (location bonus included): 5 | troops at home: 2 / 300
    AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight (attack power if all sent: 2)"
It doesn't list march times. But Zaragoza is connected to Pamplona. So march time is probably 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
If I send spearmen, they take 1 slow turn. If it's 1 turn, they arrive next turn.
Let's send them.

What about Murcia? Murcia has 6 spear, 1 knight. Should I send the 1 knight to Teruel? Or keep it for defense?
Murcia's effective defense is 18. Cordoba's attack is 23. If enemy attacks Murcia, they win. If I send the knight away, Murcia has 6 spear, def maybe 12? Even worse.
So I should keep the knight in Murcia for defense.
What about the 6 spear? Send them to Teruel? They are slow, might take 2 turns. Not very useful.
Let's just keep them in Murcia.

Let's review the plan and statement.
Plan: I need to capture 8 more villages to reach 18.
The enemy villages I can see are Madrid, Toledo, Cordoba, Burgos. That's 4. Plus Salamanca (known), and 9 unexplored. Total enemy villages = 14? Wait, total map has 24 villages. I have 10. Enemy has 14.
To win by eliminating enemy villages, I need to take all 14. That's a lot.
To win by holding 18 for 2 turns, I need to take 8 enemy villages.
If I take Madrid, Toledo, Cordoba, Burgos, Salamanca, that's 5. I need 3 more from the unexplored area.
The unexplored area has Lisboa (capital), Santarem, Evora, Coimbra, Badajoz, Faro, Sevilha, Porto, Vigo. That's 9.
So I need to push through Madrid to the west, and through Toledo to the south/east.
My plan: Concentrate forces at Zaragoza and Teruel. Next turn, attack Madrid from Zaragoza and Toledo from Teruel. Then push west to Salamanca, and south to Cordoba.
Statement: "Reinforcing the front lines. Sending all available knights to Zaragoza and Teruel to prepare for a massive assault on Madrid and Toledo next turn. Building troops in every village to maximize our war machine."

Let's double check the JSON format.
{
  "build": [ {"villageId": <id>, "type": <"spearman" | "archer" | "knight">, "quantity": <n>} ],
  "movements": [ {"fromId": <id>, "toId": <id>, "troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}} ],
  "plan": "<string>",
  "statement": "<string>"
}

Let's fill the build array.
I need to specify each build order.
villageId 22 (Barcelona): 2 knights
villageId 21 (Tarragona): 2 knights
villageId 23 (Girona): 2 knights
villageId 18 (Castellon): 2 knights
villageId 17 (Zaragoza): 1 knight, 2 spearmen
villageId 20 (Huesca): 2 knights
villageId 16 (Valencia): 2 knights
villageId 13 (Teruel): 2 knights
villageId 15 (Murcia): 2 knights
villageId 19 (Pamplona): 2 knights

Wait, can I build 2 spearmen in Zaragoza? Yes, cost 30 wood, 0 iron. Zaragoza has 60 wood, 40 iron. 1 knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Total 60 wood, 30 iron. Leaves 30 wood, 10 iron. 2 spearmen cost 30 wood, 0 iron. Total 90 wood? No, 30 (knight) + 30 (spear) = 60 wood. Perfect.
Wait, 1 knight = 30 wood. 2 spearmen = 30 wood. Total 60 wood. Yes.
Iron: 1 knight = 30 iron. 2 spearmen = 0 iron. Total 30 iron. Zaragoza has 40 iron. Leaves 10 iron. Yes.

Let's write the build array:
[
  {"villageId": 22, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 21, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 23, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 18, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 17, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
  {"villageId": 17, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 20, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 16, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 13, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 15, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 19, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2}
]

Movements array:
[
  {"fromId": 22, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}},
  {"fromId": 21, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}},
  {"fromId": 23, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}},
  {"fromId": 20, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}},
  {"fromId": 19, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
  {"fromId": 18, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}},
  {"fromId": 16, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}}
]

Wait, Pamplona [19] has 2 spearmen. I'm sending them to Zaragoza [17].
Castellon [18] has 2 knights. Sending to Teruel [13].
Valencia [16] has 2 knights. Sending to Teruel [13].

Let's check if I should send anything from Murcia [15]. It has 6 spear, 1 knight. If I send the 1 knight to Teruel, Murcia's defense drops. But maybe I can send the 6 spear to Teruel? They are slow, might not arrive in time to help, but they will eventually arrive. However, sending them leaves Murcia almost empty. I'll keep them for now.

Let's review the plan text.
"plan": "Concentrate all forces on the Zaragoza and Teruel fronts. This turn, build maximum knights in all villages and march all available troops to the front lines. Next turn, launch a coordinated assault on Madrid from Zaragoza and Toledo from Teruel. After capturing these, push west to Salamanca and south to Cordoba, aiming to secure 18 villages for the win."

Statement text:
"statement": "Reinforcing the front lines with all available knights and spearmen. Building troops in every village to fuel the campaign. Preparing for a massive push on Madrid and Toledo next turn."

Let's check the constraints.
"Write them in ENGLISH, every turn, even if your note from last turn is in another language."
"2 to 6 lines (anything past 600 characters is cut off)."
"2 to 4 lines telling the audience what you did THIS turn."

Plan: 4 lines. Good.
Statement: 3 lines. Good.

Let's double check the village IDs and troop types.
IDs: 22, 21, 23, 18, 17, 20, 16, 13, 15, 19. All are my villages.
Types: "spearman", "archer", "knight". Correct.

Let's verify the resources for builds again.
Barcelona: wood 60, iron 100. 2 knights = 60 wood, 60 iron. OK.
Tarragona: wood 60, iron 90. 2 knights = 60 wood, 60 iron. OK.
Girona: wood 60, iron 90. 2 knights = 60 wood, 60 iron. OK.
Castellon: wood 60, iron 100. 2 knights = 60 wood, 60 iron. OK.
Zaragoza: wood 60, iron 40. 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 2 spearmen (30 wood, 0 iron) = 60 wood, 30 iron. OK.
Huesca: wood 60, iron 90. 2 knights = 60 wood, 60 iron. OK.
Valencia: wood 60, iron 60. 2 knights = 60 wood, 60 iron. OK.
Teruel: wood 60, iron 80. 2 knights = 60 wood, 60 iron. OK.
Murcia: wood 60, iron 60. 2 knights = 60 wood, 60 iron. OK.
Pamplona: wood 60, iron 60. 2 knights = 60 wood, 60 iron. OK.

All builds are valid.

Let's verify the movements.
Barcelona to Zaragoza: road exists? Barcelona [22] - Tarragona [21] - Zaragoza [17]. Yes, Tarragona is mine, so they pass through.
Tarragona to Zaragoza: direct road [21] - [17]. Yes.
Girona to Zaragoza: Girona [23] - Huesca [20] - Zaragoza [17]. Yes, Huesca is mine.
Huesca to Zaragoza: direct road [20] - [17]. Yes.
Pamplona to Zaragoza: direct road [19] - [17]. Yes.
Castellon to Teruel: direct road [18] - [13]. Yes.
Valencia to Teruel: direct road [16] - [13]. Yes.

All movements are valid.

Let's check if I have enough troops to send.
Barcelona: 2 spear, 2 knight. Sending 2 knight. OK.
Tarragona: 2 knight. Sending 2 knight. OK.
Girona: 2 spear, 2 knight. Sending 2 knight. OK.
Huesca: 2 knight. Sending 2 knight. OK.
Pamplona: 2 spear. Sending 2 spear. OK.
Castellon: 2 knight. Sending 2 knight. OK.
Valencia: 2 knight. Sending 2 knight. OK.

Everything seems correct.

One final check on the JSON format.
It must be ONE valid JSON object and nothing else.
No text before or after it.

Let's write the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"cavaleiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":22,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":21,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":23,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":20,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":19,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":18,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":16,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":2}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [18]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [18]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [20]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [20]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [16]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [16]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [13]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [13]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [15]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [15]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [19]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [19]
ACEITO envio [22]->[17]: 2K
ACEITO envio [21]->[17]: 2K
ACEITO envio [23]->[17]: 2K
ACEITO envio [20]->[17]: 2K
ACEITO envio [19]->[17]: 2S
ACEITO envio [18]->[13]: 2K
ACEITO envio [16]->[13]: 2K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Concentrate all forces on the Zaragoza and Teruel fronts. This turn, build maximum knights in all villages and march all available troops to the front lines. Next turn, launch a coordinated assault on Madrid from Zaragoza and Toledo from Teruel. After capturing these, push west to Salamanca and south to Cordoba, aiming to secure 18 villages for the win.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): Reinforcing the front lines with all available knights and spearmen. Building troops in every village to fuel the campaign. Preparing for a massive push on Madrid and Toledo next turn.
REFORCO [13] Teruel dono B: 2S
REFORCO [7] Salamanca dono A: 4S
placar: A 14 ald/tropas 128 | B 10 ald/tropas 53 | neutras 0 | transito 10 (A 3 | B 7)

########## TURNO 18 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3599 | resposta 15810 | raciocinio 15810 | finish content_filter | ms 223014
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: We are King A. We need to hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. Currently hold 16 of 24. We need to capture 2 more villages to reach 18, but we must hold them for 2 consecutive turns to win. Alternatively, eliminate every enemy village. The enemy capital is Barcelona (22), but taking it is not required to win.

We have 16 villages. The enemy has villages: 13 Teruel, 17 Zaragoza, 16 Valencia, 20 Huesca, and the unexplored ones: 18 Castellon, 21 Tarragona, 22 Barcelona, 23 Girona. So enemy has at least 8 villages (if all unexplored are enemy). We need to capture 2 more to reach 18, but we must hold them for 2 consecutive turns. Alternatively, we could eliminate all enemy villages, but that might be harder.

Our current note: "Capture Pamplona, Murcia, and Zaragoza to reach 17 villages. Next turn, inspect newly visible Valencia, Huesca, and Tarragona, then capture one to hit 18. Focus on archer production to maintain offensive pressure."

But from the report, we already captured Pamplona (19) and Murcia (15) last turn? Actually, the report says: "You attacked [19] Pamplona: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 2 troops)" and "You attacked [15] Murcia: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 6 troops)". So we now own 19 and 15. That means we now have 16 villages? Wait, we started with 16, and we captured 2, so we should have 18? But the report says "You currently hold 16 of 24." That is confusing. Let's check the list of YOUR VILLAGES: it includes [0] to [19] but with some numbers missing? Let's list the IDs in YOUR VILLAGES: 0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,10,9,11,12,14,15,19. That's 16 villages. So we have 16. But we captured 19 and 15 last turn? Actually, 15 and 19 are listed as YOUR VILLAGES. So they are already ours. The report says we attacked and conquered them last turn. So they were already added to our list. But the total is still 16? Wait, we must have lost some? Or maybe the count is from before? The report says "You currently hold 16 of 24." That is the current state. So we have 16 villages. We need 18. So we need to capture 2 more.

The note says "Capture Pamplona, Murcia, and Zaragoza to reach 17 villages." But we already have Pamplona and Murcia. So we need to capture Zaragoza? But we attacked Zaragoza and were defeated. So we need to try again.

But the note also says "Next turn, inspect newly visible Valencia, Huesca, and Tarragona, then capture one to hit 18." So we need to capture one of those to reach 18. But we also need to hold them for 2 consecutive turns. So we need to capture two villages and hold them for two turns. Alternatively, we could capture one and hold it, then capture another, but they must be held for 2 consecutive turns each? The win condition: "hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village." So we need to have 18 villages at the end of two consecutive turns. That means if we capture 2 this turn, we will have 18, but we need to hold them for 2 consecutive turns. So we need to capture 2 this turn, then next turn we still have 18, and then we win. Or we could capture 1 this turn (to reach 17), then next turn capture another to reach 18, but then we need to hold 18 for two turns? Actually, "for 2 consecutive turns" means you must have at least 18 villages at the end of turn N and at the end of turn N+1. So if we reach 18 this turn, we need to hold it next turn. If we reach 17 this turn, we need to reach 18 next turn and then hold it the turn after. So it's better to capture as many as possible now.

We have 16. We need 2 more. Which villages can we attack? We can see enemy villages: 13 Teruel, 17 Zaragoza, 16 Valencia, 20 Huesca. Also unexplored: 18 Castellon, 21 Tarragona, 22 Barcelona, 23 Girona. We can attack any of these if we have a path. But we must march along roads.

Let's check our villages and their available troops.

We need to build troops and send them. We have many resources. Let's list each village's production and stock, and what we can build.

We need to consider the enemy's strength. The enemy has been reinforcing Zaragoza with knights. Teruel has a large garrison: 22 spearmen, 2 archers, 14 knights, effective defense 95. That's very strong. Zaragoza has 5 spearmen, 8 knights, defense 33. Valencia has 2 knights, defense 5. Huesca has 2 knights, defense 5.

So Valencia and Huesca are weak. We can attack them. But we need to reach them.

From our villages:
- To attack Valencia (16): we can send from Murcia (15) or Cordoba (11) or from other villages? Road: [15] Murcia connects to [16] Valencia. Also [11] Cordoba connects to [15] Murcia, but to reach Valencia we need to go through Murcia? Actually, [11] Cordoba connects to [15] Murcia and [8] Toledo, etc. But we can send from Murcia directly to Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So we can send from Murcia. Murcia has 8 troops at home: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. Attack power if all sent: 14. That might be enough against Valencia's defense of 5? But we need to consider the battle. Valencia has 2 knights, defense 5. If we send all from Murcia, we have 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. The most numerous type is spearman (4), so counter matchup: spearman vs knight? Actually, spearman counters knight, so we get 1.5x bonus. But the defender is knights? Wait, the garrison is 2 knights. The most numerous type in the garrison is knight (2). So the counter matchup: our most numerous is spearman, which counters knight, so we get 1.5x. Our attack power: spearman attack 1 each, archer attack 2 each, knight attack 4. Total attack = 4*1 + 3*2 + 1*4 = 4+6+4=14. With 1.5x bonus = 21 effective attack. Defender defense: knights defense 2 each, but in a village defense counts x1.25? The effective defense is already given as 5, which includes location bonus. So we have 21 attack vs 5 defense. We should win easily. But we also need to consider that the enemy might send reinforcements? But orders are simultaneous, so the enemy might not defend. However, we should also consider that we might lose troops. But it's a safe attack.

Similarly, Huesca (20) has 2 knights, defense 5. We can attack from Pamplona (19): 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Pamplona has 8 troops: 8 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. Attack power if all sent: 8*1=8. With counter? Our most numerous is spearman, enemy is knight, so spearman counters knight, 1.5x bonus = 12 attack vs 5 defense. Should win.

But we also have Zaragoza (17) with defense 33. We could attack from Madrid (12) or Pamplona (19) or Toledo (8)? Madrid has 7 troops: 5 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Attack power: 5*1 + 1*2 + 1*4 = 11. With counter? Enemy garrison: 5 spearmen, 8 knights. Most numerous is knight. Our most numerous is spearman (5), which counters knight, so 1.5x bonus = 16.5 effective attack vs 33 defense. Not enough. We would lose. So we need more troops.

We could send from multiple villages? But troops from different villages fight separately. So we need to send a strong army from one village. We could build more troops in Madrid or Toledo and then send.

Toledo (8) has 25 troops: 17 spearman, 8 archer, 0 knight. Attack power: 17*1 + 8*2 = 33. With counter? Enemy most numerous is knight (8), our most numerous is spearman (17), so counter bonus 1.5x = 49.5 effective attack vs 33 defense. That should win. But we need to consider that the enemy might have reinforcements? The report says enemy army marching toward Zaragoza arrives in 1 turn. That might be a reinforcement. But we are attacking now, so the reinforcement might arrive after? Actually, the enemy army is marching toward Zaragoza, so it might be an enemy army moving to reinforce Zaragoza. But since orders are simultaneous, if we attack Zaragoza, the enemy army might also arrive and fight? The rules: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there" and "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there". If we send from Toledo to Zaragoza, and the enemy army is marching toward Zaragoza, they might meet on the road? But the enemy army is marching toward Zaragoza, so it is already on the road? The report says "enemy army marching toward [17] Zaragoza, arrives in 1 turn". That means it is currently on the road and will arrive next turn. If we attack Zaragoza this turn, our army will march and arrive in 1 turn (since from Toledo to Zaragoza is 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns? Actually, from Toledo to Zaragoza: we need to check the road. Toledo (8) connects to [13] Teruel, [12] Madrid, [11] Cordoba, [4] Badajoz. To reach Zaragoza (17), we need to go through Madrid? Road: [8] Toledo connects to [12] Madrid, and [12] Madrid connects to [17] Zaragoza. So from Toledo to Zaragoza is via Madrid. But the distance: from Toledo to Madrid is 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns? Actually, the report says for Toledo: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" but that's for Lisboa. For Toledo itself, we need to see the march distance to Zaragoza. The report doesn't give the distance from Toledo to Zaragoza directly. But we can infer: Toledo to Madrid is 1 turn? Actually, the road network: [8] Toledo connects to [12] Madrid. The distance in turns depends on the speed. We need to know the travel time. The report gives travel times from each village to its nearest border village. For Toledo, it says "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" but that's for Lisboa. For Toledo itself, it doesn't give a distance to Madrid. But we can assume that adjacent villages on the road network are 1 turn apart for fast, maybe 2 for medium, 3 for slow? Actually, the report says "march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns" for some villages. So distances vary. We need to check the road network and estimate. But we can also see that from Madrid to Zaragoza is 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns (as given in the report for Madrid: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" but that's for Porto? Actually, for Madrid it says: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" is for Porto? Let's read carefully:

The report lists for each village: "from here to your nearest border village [x]: ...". For Madrid, it says: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" but that's for Porto? Actually, look at the entry for Porto: "[6] Porto ... from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So Porto to Madrid is 2 slow/2 medium/1 fast. For Madrid itself, it doesn't give a distance to a border village because Madrid is a border village? It says "Madrid | BORDER with [17] (enemy)". So Madrid is on the border. The distance from Madrid to Zaragoza is not given, but since they are connected directly, it might be 1 turn for fast, 2 for medium, 3 for slow? But the report for Madrid doesn't list a march distance because it's the village itself. We need to infer from the "march from [x]" in the visible enemy villages. For Teruel: "march from [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So Toledo to Teruel is 1 turn for all speeds? That seems odd. Actually, it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" meaning it takes 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast? That would mean the distance is 1 for all, but that can't be because slow troops take longer. Usually, the numbers mean: if you send slow troops, it takes X turns; medium takes Y turns; fast takes Z turns. So for Toledo to Teruel, it's 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns, meaning all take 1 turn? That would imply the distance is 1, so even slow troops take 1 turn. But then why differentiate? Maybe it's a very short distance. For Zaragoza from Madrid: "march from [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So Madrid to Zaragoza is also 1 turn for all. So if we send from Toledo to Zaragoza, we have to go Toledo -> Madrid -> Zaragoza. That would be 1 turn from Toledo to Madrid, then 1 turn from Madrid to Zaragoza, so total 2 turns for fast? But the report says for Teruel from Toledo: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. That suggests Toledo to Teruel is directly connected? But according to the road network, Toledo connects to Madrid, and Madrid connects to Zaragoza, and Zaragoza connects to Teruel. So Toledo to Teruel would be Toledo->Madrid->Zaragoza->Teruel, which is 3 edges. But the report says 1 turn? That doesn't make sense. Let's re-read the road network:

[8] Toledo: [4], [11], [12], [13]
So Toledo connects to 13 Teruel directly? Yes! [8] Toledo connects to [13] Teruel. So there is a direct road from Toledo to Teruel. That's why it's 1 turn. So Toledo to Teruel is 1 edge. Then Teruel to Zaragoza: [13] Teruel connects to [17] Zaragoza. So Toledo to Zaragoza would be Toledo->Teruel->Zaragoza, 2 edges. But the report for Zaragoza says "march from [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So Madrid to Zaragoza is 1 edge. And Toledo to Madrid is 1 edge? [8] Toledo connects to [12] Madrid. So Toledo to Madrid is 1 edge. So Toledo to Zaragoza via Madrid is 2 edges. But we could also go Toledo->Teruel->Zaragoza, which is also 2 edges. So the distance from Toledo to Zaragoza is 2 edges. What is the travel time? It depends on the troops. If we send fast troops (knights), they might take 2 turns? But the report gives times for specific routes. We need to know the travel time from Toledo to Zaragoza. It is not given directly. But we can estimate: each edge might be 1 turn for fast, 2 for medium, 3 for slow? But the given examples: "march from [8] Toledo: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" for Lisboa to Toledo? Actually, that's from Lisboa to Toledo: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns". So Lisboa to Toledo is 3 edges? Lisboa (0) connects to [1] Santarem and [2] Evora. To get to Toledo, we need to go through other villages. So the distance in edges is not simply the number of connections. The travel time is measured along the roads. So we need to use the given travel times for the routes we plan to use.

For attacking Zaragoza, we can send from Madrid (12) because it's 1 turn away. Or from Toledo (8) via Madrid? But if we send from Toledo, the army will march along the road. It will go from Toledo to Madrid (1 edge), then from Madrid to Zaragoza (1 edge). But will it stop at Madrid? Madrid is our village, so it will pass through. So the total travel time would be the sum of the times for each edge. But we don't know the time for Toledo->Madrid. However, we can send from Madrid directly, which is 1 turn. So it's better to send from Madrid if we want to reach Zaragoza quickly. But Madrid has only 7 troops. We can build more in Madrid and then send. Or we can send from Toledo, but it will take longer. Since the enemy is reinforcing Zaragoza, we might want to attack quickly. But the enemy reinforcement is arriving this turn? The report says: "enemy army marching toward [17] Zaragoza, arrives in 1 turn". That means the enemy army will arrive at Zaragoza next turn. If we attack this turn, our army will arrive next turn (if we send from Madrid, it takes 1 turn). So both will arrive at the same time? The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if the enemy reinforcement arrives at Zaragoza, it will join the garrison. But if our army arrives, it will fight the garrison. The order of battles? It says "each send fights alone, one at a time." But it doesn't specify the order. Probably the defender fights first? Actually, when an army arrives at a village, it fights the garrison. If multiple armies arrive, they fight sequentially. But the enemy reinforcement is an army marching, so it will arrive and join the garrison before our attack? Or simultaneously? The rules: "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." So the enemy reinforcement was ordered last turn? Actually, the report says "enemy army marching toward [17] Zaragoza, arrives in 1 turn". That means it was ordered in a previous turn and is arriving next turn. So it is already on the march. When we write our orders, we see that army. If we attack Zaragoza, our army will march and arrive in 1 turn. The enemy army will also arrive in 1 turn. What happens? The rules: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So the enemy army is marching to Zaragoza, which is an enemy village, so it will arrive and reinforce. Our army is marching to Zaragoza, which is an enemy village, so it will arrive and fight. But which happens first? The rules don't specify the order of arrival. However, it says "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if both our army and the enemy reinforcement arrive at Zaragoza on the same turn, they might fight each other? But the enemy reinforcement is not "sent from a village" in the same sense; it's already on the march. Actually, the reinforcement is an army that was sent from some enemy village. It will arrive at Zaragoza and become part of the garrison. Our army arrives and fights the garrison. But if they arrive on the same turn, does the reinforcement join the garrison before our attack? The rules don't explicitly say. In many such games, the garrison is updated first, then attackers fight. But we should be cautious. The note says we attacked Zaragoza last turn and were defeated. So we need a stronger army.

Given the complexity, maybe it's easier to attack the weak villages: Valencia and Huesca. They have very low defense. We can capture them this turn. If we capture both, we will have 18 villages. Then we need to hold them for 2 consecutive turns. So we need to capture Valencia and Huesca this turn. Then next turn we must defend them from enemy counterattacks? But the enemy might attack our newly captured villages. We need to ensure we can hold them.

Let's check if we can capture both Valencia and Huesca this turn.

Valencia (16): defense 5. We can attack from Murcia (15). Murcia has 8 troops: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. Attack power 14, with counter 21 vs 5 defense. Should win. But we need to consider if the enemy will send reinforcements to Valencia? The enemy might have ordered troops to move, but we don't see any enemy armies marching toward Valencia. The only visible enemy army is marching toward Zaragoza. So Valencia might be safe.

Huesca (20): defense 5. We can attack from Pamplona (19). Pamplona has 8 troops: 8 spearman. Attack power 8, with counter 12 vs 5 defense. Should win. But Pamplona is also a border village with enemy? It says "BORDER with [17], [20] (enemy)". So Pamplona is adjacent to Huesca and Zaragoza. So we can attack Huesca from Pamplona.

But we also need to consider that if we send all troops from Murcia and Pamplona, those villages will have no garrison left. The enemy might attack them? Murcia is not on the border? It says "INTERIOR (no enemy border)" for Murcia? Actually, Murcia is listed as "BORDER with [16] (enemy)"? Wait, check: [15] Murcia: "BORDER with [16] (enemy)". So Murcia is a border village, adjacent to Valencia. If we send all troops from Murcia to Valencia, Murcia will be empty. The enemy could attack Murcia from Valencia? But Valencia is enemy, and they could send troops from Valencia to attack Murcia. But we don't see any enemy armies marching toward Murcia. However, the enemy might order an attack on Murcia this turn. Since orders are simultaneous, we don't know. But if we leave Murcia empty, and the enemy attacks it, we might lose it. But the enemy might not have enough troops there. Valencia has only 2 knights. They could attack Murcia, but they would need to send troops. The enemy might be focusing on other things.

Similarly, Pamplona is border with Zaragoza and Huesca. If we send all troops from Pamplona to Huesca, Pamplona will be empty. The enemy could attack Pamplona from Zaragoza or Huesca. Zaragoza has 5 spearmen, 8 knights. They could send some to attack Pamplona. That would be dangerous.

So we might want to leave some troops in those villages for defense. Or we could send reinforcements from other villages to support the attacks, but that would take time.

Alternatively, we could attack Zaragoza with a strong army from Toledo or Madrid, and also attack Valencia and Huesca. But we need to balance.

Let's think about the win condition: we need 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns. If we capture Valencia and Huesca this turn, we will have 18. But we must hold them next turn. So we need to ensure they are not recaptured. We could send reinforcements to them after capture? But we can only send troops that exist now. We can build troops this turn and send them to arrive after we capture? Actually, if we capture this turn, the villages become ours. Next turn, we can send reinforcements from other villages to help defend. But the enemy might attack them next turn. So we need to have enough troops in them to defend, or we need to reinforce them before the enemy attacks.

Since the enemy is active, they might attack our border villages. We should also consider that the enemy might attack our other villages. We need to defend our territory.

Let's list all our villages and their current troops, and what we can build.

We have resources: each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn. They also have some stock. Let's list each village's wood and iron, and what they can build.

We need to decide on builds and movements.

First, let's identify which villages are on the border and might be attacked. Our border villages: Toledo (8) borders Teruel (13) enemy. Madrid (12) borders Zaragoza (17) enemy. Murcia (15) borders Valencia (16) enemy. Pamplona (19) borders Zaragoza (17) and Huesca (20) enemy. Also, we have Burgos (14) which is interior? It says "INTERIOR (no enemy border)". So only those four are border villages.

The enemy might attack these border villages. We should ensure they have enough troops to defend, or we should reinforce them.

But our goal is to capture more villages. We need to capture 2 more. The easiest are Valencia and Huesca because they are weak. But we need to reach them.

Let's check the travel times and distances.

From Murcia (15) to Valencia (16): 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So if we send troops from Murcia, they will arrive in 1 turn (since all speeds take 1 turn? Actually, it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns", meaning regardless of speed, it takes 1 turn? That would mean the distance is 1, so even slow troops take 1 turn. That seems odd but maybe it's a very short distance. We'll assume it takes 1 turn for any troops.

From Pamplona (19) to Huesca (20): "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So if we send slow troops (spearman), it takes 2 turns; medium (archer) takes 1 turn; fast (knight) takes 1 turn. So if we send from Pamplona, we should send archers or knights to arrive in 1 turn, or we can send spearmen but they take 2 turns. But we want to capture quickly. If we send archers, they arrive in 1 turn. Pamplona has only spearman (8). So we cannot send archers from Pamplona because it has none. We could build archers in Pamplona? Pamplona has wood 30, iron 20. It can build archers: cost 20 wood + 10 iron. It has 30 wood and 20 iron, so it can build 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron) and have leftover. But it would take 1 turn to build. So if we build an archer this turn, it will be ready next turn, and then we can send it? But if we send it next turn, it will arrive in 1 turn (medium speed), so it would arrive on turn 20? Actually, we are on turn 18. If we build this turn, it will be ready at the end of turn 18? The rules: "ready in 1 turn." So if we order a build, it will be available for movement on the next turn? Typically, builds take 1 turn, so they are ready for the next turn's orders. So if we build an archer in Pamplona on turn 18, it will be available to send on turn 19, and it will arrive on turn 20 (if it takes 1 turn to march). But we want to capture Huesca this turn? We can send the spearman now, but they take 2 turns to arrive, so they would arrive on turn 20. That might be okay if we can capture then. But we need to hold 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns. If we capture Valencia this turn (arrive turn 19) and Huesca on turn 20, then on turn 20 we would have 18 villages? But we need to hold them for 2 consecutive turns. If we capture Valencia on turn 19, we have 17 villages at the end of turn 19? Actually, we currently have 16. If we capture Valencia on turn 19, we have 17 at the end of turn 19. Then on turn 20 we capture Huesca, we have 18 at the end of turn 20. Then we need to hold 18 for turn 21 as well? The win condition: "hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns". So if we have 18 at the end of turn 20 and turn 21, we win. So we could capture them on different turns as long as we have 18 for two consecutive turns. But we must also consider that we might lose some villages in between. So it's safer to capture both this turn if possible.

But from Pamplona, we only have spearman. They take 2 turns to reach Huesca. So if we send them now, they arrive on turn 20. Meanwhile, Huesca might be reinforced by the enemy? The enemy might send troops to Huesca. But we don't see any enemy armies marching toward Huesca. So it might be safe.

Alternatively, we could send troops from another village to Huesca. Which other villages can reach Huesca? Road: [20] Huesca connects to [17] Zaragoza, [19] Pamplona, [23] Girona. So only through Pamplona or Zaragoza or Girona. Since Zaragoza is enemy, we must go through Pamplona. So we can only send from Pamplona or from villages behind Pamplona. But any army marching to Huesca must go through Pamplona. So if we send from, say, Burgos (14) to Pamplona (19) and then to Huesca, they would stop at Pamplona if it's ours? Actually, if we send from Burgos to Huesca, the army will march along the road: Burgos -> ... -> Pamplona -> Huesca. Since Pamplona is our village, they will pass through and continue to Huesca. But the travel time would be longer. So it's better to send from Pamplona directly.

So for Huesca, we can either send spearman now (arrive turn 20) or build archers/knights in Pamplona and send them later. But we might want to capture it quickly.

For Valencia, from Murcia, we can send any troops and they arrive in 1 turn (turn 19). So we can capture Valencia on turn 19.

What about Zaragoza? It has defense 33. We could attack it from Madrid or Toledo. Madrid has 7 troops, attack 11, not enough. Toledo has 25 troops, attack 33, with counter 49.5 vs 33 defense. That should win. But we need to consider the enemy reinforcement arriving. The enemy army marching toward Zaragoza arrives in 1 turn. That army is likely knights (since it says "A reinforcement of King B (2 knights) arrived at [17] Zaragoza" multiple times). So the garrison will increase. If we attack from Toledo, our army will take some time. From Toledo to Zaragoza: we need to go Toledo -> Madrid -> Zaragoza, or Toledo -> Teruel -> Zaragoza. Which is faster? The report gives march distances: from Toledo to Teruel is 1 turn. From Teruel to Zaragoza is 1 turn? Actually, Teruel connects to Zaragoza. So Toledo -> Teruel -> Zaragoza is 2 turns. From Toledo to Madrid is 1 turn? We don't have the exact time, but likely 1 turn. Then Madrid to Zaragoza is 1 turn. So either way, 2 turns. So if we send from Toledo now, they will arrive on turn 20. The enemy reinforcement arrives on turn 19. So on turn 19, the garrison will be stronger. On turn 20, our army arrives and fights the reinforced garrison. That might be tough.

Alternatively, we could send from Madrid if we build more troops there. Madrid has 7 troops. We can build more in Madrid. Madrid has wood 55, iron 60. It can build knights (30 wood, 30 iron) or archers (20 wood, 10 iron) or spearmen (15 wood, 0 iron). It can build 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron) and have leftover, or multiple archers. But it takes 1 turn to build. So if we build this turn, they will be ready next turn. Then we could send them from Madrid to Zaragoza on turn 19, arriving turn 20. But we could also send the existing troops from Madrid now? They would arrive turn 19. But they are too weak.

Maybe we should focus on capturing Valencia and Huesca first, and then next turn capture Zaragoza or other villages. But we need to hold 18 for two turns. If we capture Valencia and Huesca, we have 18. But we must ensure they are not recaptured. The enemy might attack them. Valencia is weak initially, but after we capture it, it will have our troops. If we send all from Murcia to Valencia, Murcia becomes empty. The enemy could attack Murcia from Valencia? But if we capture Valencia, our troops will be there. The enemy could attack Valencia from Castellon (18) or Teruel (13)? Road: Valencia connects to Teruel (13), Murcia (15), Castellon (18). So the enemy could attack Valencia from Teruel or Castellon. Teruel has a large garrison (22 spearmen, 2 archers, 14 knights). They could send troops to attack Valencia. If they do, our troops in Valencia (the ones we sent from Murcia) would fight. But we sent 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. That's not a huge force. If the enemy attacks with a large force, we might lose Valencia. So we need to reinforce Valencia or ensure the enemy doesn't attack it.

Similarly, Huesca: after we capture it, the enemy could attack from Zaragoza or Girona. Zaragoza has troops. They might attack Huesca.

So we need to consider the enemy's possible moves. Since we don't know the enemy's orders, we must prepare for the worst.

Maybe we should attack Zaragoza first to weaken the enemy, and then capture the others. But Zaragoza is strong.

Let's think about the overall situation. We have 16 villages. The enemy has at least 8 villages (13,17,16,20,18,21,22,23). We need 18 to win. If we can capture and hold 2 enemy villages, we win. But we must also prevent the enemy from capturing ours. Our border villages are vulnerable if we send troops away.

We have many troops at home in interior villages. We can reinforce our border villages.

Let's list all our villages with their available troops and resources, and decide on a strategy.

Strategy: Capture Valencia and Huesca this turn, but leave some troops in Murcia and Pamplona for defense, or reinforce them from other villages. Also, build troops in our villages to prepare for next turn's defense or further attacks.

But we need to specify builds and movements for this turn.

Let's calculate what we can build and send.

First, let's list each village's current stock and production.

Village [0] Lisboa: wood 30, iron 150. Produces +30 wood, +20 iron. Troops at home: 17 (10 spearman? Wait, the report says: "troops at home: 17 / 300" and "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 4 spearman, 12 archer, 1 knight". So it has 4 spearman, 12 archer, 1 knight available? But total is 17? 4+12+1=17. But it says "102 spearman, 77 archer, 6 knight" total across all villages. So Lisboa has 4 spearman, 12 archer, 1 knight. But wait, the report says "troops at home: 17 / 300" and then "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 4 spearman, 12 archer, 1 knight". So that's what we can send from Lisboa. But we can also build more. Lisboa has wood 30, iron 150. It can build: spearman costs 15 wood, 0 iron. It can build 2 spearman (30 wood) but iron is 150, so it can also build archers (20 wood, 10 iron) or knights (30 wood, 30 iron). With 30 wood, it can build 2 spearmen (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood) leaving 10 wood, or 1 knight (30 wood) but no wood left. But it also produces resources this turn? The resources listed are the current stock. They will produce more this turn, but we can only order builds based on current stock? The rules: "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." So we must use the current stock, not future production. So Lisboa has wood 30, iron 150. It can build:
- spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron -> can build 2 (30 wood)
- archer: 20 wood, 10 iron -> can build 1 (20 wood, 10 iron) with 10 wood left, but can't build another because need 20 wood.
- knight: 30 wood, 30 iron -> can build 1 (30 wood, 30 iron) with 120 iron left.
So we can build 2 spearmen, or 1 archer, or 1 knight. But we also have to consider the cap: 300 troops at home. Lisboa has 17, so plenty of room.

But we might want to build archers or knights because they are stronger. However, Lisboa is interior and not immediately threatened. We might want to build troops to send to the border.

Let's go through all villages and note what we can build.

We'll list each village with its wood, iron, and current troops available to send (not the total at home, but the number we can send now? Actually, "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" seems to be the number of troops of each type that are currently at home and can be sent. But we can also choose to send fewer than that. We can also build new troops this turn, and those will be available to send next turn? Actually, if we build this turn, they will be ready next turn, so we cannot send them this turn. So for this turn's movements, we can only send the troops that are already available (the ones listed as AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW). But wait, the report says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 4 spearman, 12 archer, 1 knight" for Lisboa. That implies those are the troops we can order to move this turn. But we also have the option to build new troops this turn, but they won't be available for movement this turn. So our movements this turn can only use the troops listed as AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW. However, we can also send troops from villages that are not listed with "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW"? Actually, every village has an "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" line. For some, it's listed; for others, it might be implied. Let's check: for Toledo, it says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 17 spearman, 8 archer, 0 knight". So we can send those. So for each village, we can send the listed troops. But we can also choose to send fewer.

So for this turn's orders, we can only move the troops that are already built and listed. We cannot move troops we build this turn because they will be ready next turn. So our movements are limited to the existing available troops.

But we can also build troops this turn to reinforce for next turn.

So let's list the available troops for each village that we might want to send from:

- [0] Lisboa: 4 spearman, 12 archer, 1 knight (total 17)
- [1] Santarem: 4 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight (10)
- [2] Evora: 12 spearman, 6 archer, 0 knight (18)
- [3] Coimbra: 2 spearman, 3 archer, 0 knight (5)
- [4] Badajoz: 12 spearman, 9 archer, 0 knight (21)
- [5] Faro: 10 spearman, 3 archer, 0 knight (13)
- [6] Porto: 3 spearman, 6 archer, 0 knight (9)
- [7] Salamanca: 12 spearman, 12 archer, 2 knight (26)
- [8] Toledo: 17 spearman, 8 archer, 0 knight (25)
- [10] Vigo: 2 spearman, 3 archer, 0 knight (5)
- [9] Sevilha: 2 spearman, 3 archer, 0 knight (5)
- [11] Cordoba: 3 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight (3)
- [12] Madrid: 5 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight (7)
- [14] Burgos: 2 spearman, 3 archer, 0 knight (5)
- [15] Murcia: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight (8)
- [19] Pamplona: 8 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight (8)

Total available to send: sum of these? But we don't have to send all.

Now, which villages are on the border? Toledo (8) borders Teruel (13). Madrid (12) borders Zaragoza (17). Murcia (15) borders Valencia (16). Pamplona (19) borders Zaragoza (17) and Huesca (20).

We want to capture Valencia and Huesca. To capture Valencia, we can send from Murcia. Murcia has 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. If we send all, they will arrive in 1 turn. But if we send all, Murcia will have 0 troops left. That leaves Murcia vulnerable. But Murcia is a border village; the enemy could attack it from Valencia? But if we capture Valencia, it becomes ours, so the enemy can't attack from there. However, the enemy might attack Murcia from Teruel? Road: Murcia connects to [11] Cordoba and [16] Valencia. Teruel connects to [13] Teruel? Actually, Teruel connects to [8] Toledo, [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon. So Teruel does not connect directly to Murcia. To attack Murcia, the enemy would have to go through Valencia or Cordoba. If we capture Valencia, that path is blocked. So Murcia might be safe if we capture Valencia. But what if the enemy attacks Murcia from Cordoba? Cordoba is ours, so they can't. So Murcia is only accessible via Valencia or from the south? Actually, road: [15] Murcia connects to [11] Cordoba (ours) and [16] Valencia (enemy). So the only enemy access to Murcia is through Valencia. So if we capture Valencia, Murcia is safe from that direction. However, the enemy could also attack Murcia from Castellon? Castellon connects to [13] Teruel, [16] Valencia, [21] Tarragona. So not directly to Murcia. So Murcia is only reachable via Valencia. So if we capture Valencia, we secure Murcia. But if we leave Murcia empty, and we capture Valencia, then Valencia will have our troops (the ones we sent). But if we send all from Murcia to Valencia, then Murcia is empty, but it's interior? Actually, Murcia is listed as "BORDER with [16] (enemy)". So it's on the border. But if we capture Valencia, the border moves, and Murcia becomes interior? Not necessarily, because the enemy still has Teruel, which is adjacent to Valencia. But Murcia is only adjacent to Valencia and Cordoba. So after capturing Valencia, Murcia is no longer on the border because its only neighbor that was enemy is now ours. So it becomes interior. So it's okay to leave it empty temporarily? But the enemy could attack Valencia from Teruel, and if they defeat our troops in Valencia, they could then attack Murcia. But we can reinforce.

Similarly, Pamplona: it borders Zaragoza and Huesca. If we capture Huesca, Pamplona's border with Huesca becomes ours, but it still borders Zaragoza. So Pamplona remains a border village. If we send all troops from Pamplona to Huesca, Pamplona becomes empty, and the enemy could attack it from Zaragoza. That is risky. So we should leave some troops in Pamplona for defense, or reinforce it.

Let's consider sending only part of the troops from Murcia and Pamplona.

For Valencia: defense 5. We need enough attack to win. If we send 2 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight from Murcia? That's 2*1 + 3*2 + 1*4 = 2+6+4=12 attack. With counter? Enemy garrison: 2 knights. Our most numerous: archer (3) vs knight? Archer does not counter knight; knight counters archer? Actually, the counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. So if our most numerous is archer, and enemy is knight, then knight counters archer, so we do NOT get a bonus; the enemy might get a bonus? The rule: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So it's the attacker who gets the bonus if their most numerous type counters the enemy's most numerous type. So if our most numerous is archer and enemy is knight, knight does not counter archer; actually, knight counters archer? Wait: "knight counters archer" means knight is strong against archer? But the rule says: "spearman counters knight; archer counts spearman; knight counters archer." So the counter relationship is: spearman > knight, knight > archer, archer > spearman. So if attacker's most numerous is archer, and defender's most numerous is knight, then archer does not counter knight (since knight counters archer). So no bonus. If attacker's most numerous is spearman, and defender's most numerous is knight, then spearman counters knight, so attacker gets 1.5x. If attacker's most numerous is knight, and defender's most numerous is archer, then knight counters archer, attacker gets 1.5x. So for attacking Valencia (enemy knights), we want our most numerous to be spearman to get the bonus. If we send a mix where spearman is the most numerous, we get the bonus. In Murcia, we have 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. So spearman is most numerous (4). So we get the bonus. If we send only 2 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight, then archer is most numerous (3), so no bonus. So to maximize attack, we should keep spearman as the most numerous. So we could send all 4 spearman, and then some archers and knight. But if we send all 4 spearman, we have 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. Spearman most numerous, bonus 1.5x. Attack = 4*1 + 3*2 + 1*4 = 4+6+4=14, with bonus = 21. Defense 5, easy win.

If we want to leave some troops in Murcia, we could send 3 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight? Then spearman most numerous (3), attack = 3*1 + 2*2 = 7, with bonus = 10.5 vs 5 defense, still win. But we might want to keep the knight for later.

But we also need to consider that the enemy might send reinforcements to Valencia. The report doesn't show any enemy armies marching toward Valencia. But the enemy could order an attack from Teruel or Castellon. Since orders are simultaneous, we don't know. If the enemy sends troops from Teruel to Valencia, they would meet our troops on the road? Actually, if we attack Valencia from Murcia, our troops will be on the road from Murcia to Valencia. If the enemy sends troops from Teruel to Valencia, they would be on the road from Teruel to Valencia. These roads might intersect? Road: Murcia-Valencia and Teruel-Valencia both lead to Valencia, but they are different roads. The rules: "Armies on different roads never meet, even where the roads look close on the map." So they would both arrive at Valencia and fight separately? The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if both our army and an enemy army arrive at Valencia on the same turn, they would fight each other? But the enemy army is attacking, so they would fight the garrison? Actually, if the enemy sends troops to Valencia, they are attacking their own village? No, Valencia is enemy, so they would be reinforcing it. So if we attack Valencia, and the enemy also sends reinforcements to Valencia, both armies will arrive at Valencia. The rules say each send fights alone. So our army would fight the garrison (which might be reinforced by the enemy's reinforcement if it arrives first). But the order of battles is unclear. Typically, the defender's reinforcements arrive and join the garrison before the attacker arrives? Or they all arrive at the same time and fight in some order. The rules: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So if an army is marching to a village, it stops there and fights. If multiple armies arrive at the same village on the same turn, they fight one at a time. But which order? It doesn't specify. In many games, the attacker goes first, or the defender's reinforcements arrive first. We should assume the worst: that the enemy reinforcement arrives and joins the garrison before our attack. So if the enemy sends troops to Valencia, the garrison will be stronger when we arrive.

But we don't know if the enemy will do that. We have to make a decision.

Given that Valencia is very weak (2 knights, defense 5), even if the enemy sends a few reinforcements, we might still win. But we should be cautious.

For Huesca: defense 5, 2 knights. We can send from Pamplona. Pamplona has 8 spearman. If we send all 8, spearman most numerous, attack = 8*1 = 8, with bonus 1.5x = 12 vs 5 defense, win. But if we send all, Pamplona is empty. Pamplona borders Zaragoza (enemy) and Huesca (enemy). If we capture Huesca, then Pamplona only borders Zaragoza. The enemy could attack Pamplona from Zaragoza. Zaragoza has 5 spearmen, 8 knights (and possibly reinforcements). They could send some troops to attack Pamplona. If Pamplona is empty, they would take it. So we should leave some troops in Pamplona for defense. How many? We could send 6 spearman to Huesca, leaving 2 spearman in Pamplona. Attack = 6*1 = 6, with bonus = 9 vs 5 defense, still win. Or send 4 spearman: attack 4*1.5=6 vs 5, win. So we can send 4 spearman and leave 4. That might be safer.

But we also need to consider that the enemy might attack Pamplona this turn. If we leave 4 spearman, they can defend. Pamplona's effective defense is 20 (as listed). With 4 spearman, defense is higher? The effective defense given is 20, which includes the location bonus and the troops? Actually, the report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 20" for Pamplona. That is the defense value used in combat. It already includes the troops? Wait, the report says: "effective defense (location bonus included): 20 | troops at home: 8 / 300". So the effective defense is calculated based on the troops at home? Or is it the defense of the village without troops? The note says: "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again." It doesn't say whether it includes the troops. But typically, the effective defense is the defense of the garrison plus location bonus. Since it lists troops at home separately, the effective defense likely includes those troops. So Pamplona with 8 spearman has effective defense 20. If we send some away, the defense will decrease. So we need to decide how many to leave to maintain a decent defense.

Let's check the effective defense of other villages. For example, Toledo: effective defense 63 with 25 troops. Madrid: 18 with 7 troops. So the defense value seems to scale with the number of troops. So if we remove troops, the defense drops. So we need to balance.

Maybe we should not send all troops from border villages. Instead, we could send reinforcements from interior villages to the border, and then from the border to attack. But that takes time.

Another idea: Attack Zaragoza from Toledo or Madrid to relieve pressure on other borders. If we can defeat the enemy at Zaragoza, we capture it and then we have a strong position. But Zaragoza is strong.

Let's calculate the enemy's possible moves. The enemy is King B. They have villages: 13 Teruel (strong), 17 Zaragoza (medium), 16 Valencia (weak), 20 Huesca (weak), and unexplored 18,21,22,23. The enemy capital is Barcelona (22). The enemy might be focusing on reinforcing Zaragoza, as we saw multiple knight reinforcements arrive there. They might be preparing for an attack on our territory. Or they might be defending.

We need to capture 2 villages. The easiest are Valencia and Huesca. But we must also ensure we don't lose our own. Our border villages might be attacked. We should check which of our villages are most likely to be attacked. The enemy can attack:
- Toledo from Teruel
- Madrid from Zaragoza
- Murcia from Valencia (but if we attack Valencia, we might capture it, so that threat disappears)
- Pamplona from Zaragoza or Huesca

If we do nothing, the enemy might attack these. We should reinforce our border villages.

Let's see the current troop counts in our border villages:
- Toledo: 25 troops (17 spearman, 8 archer). Effective defense 63. That's strong.
- Madrid: 7 troops (5 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight). Effective defense 18. That's weak.
- Murcia: 8 troops (4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight). Effective defense? Not given for Murcia? Wait, the report lists effective defense for each village. For Murcia: "effective defense (location bonus included): 20". So defense 20 with 8 troops.
- Pamplona: 8 troops, defense 20.

So Madrid is the weakest border defense. The enemy might attack Madrid from Zaragoza. Zaragoza has 5 spearmen, 8 knights (defense 33). They could send some of those to attack Madrid. If they attack Madrid, our 7 troops might not hold. We should reinforce Madrid.

We can send troops from interior villages to Madrid. For example, from Salamanca (7) which has 26 troops, or from Toledo (8) which has 25, or from Burgos (14) which has 5. Salamanca to Madrid: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" (from Salamanca: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"). So we can send from Salamanca to Madrid in 1 turn. If we send now, they arrive next turn. But the enemy might attack Madrid this turn. If we send reinforcements, they will arrive next turn, but the enemy attack might also arrive next turn? If the enemy attacks Madrid from Zaragoza, it takes 1 turn (since Madrid to Zaragoza is 1 turn). So both would arrive next turn. The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So our reinforcements from Salamanca would arrive at Madrid and join the garrison? Actually, if we send troops to a village we own, they "join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So they would arrive and reinforce the garrison before any attack? But if the enemy army also arrives at Madrid on the same turn, what happens? The enemy army is attacking, so it would fight the garrison. The garrison includes the new reinforcements? The rules don't specify the order. Typically, the reinforcements arrive and then the attackers fight. But it's ambiguous. We should assume that if we send reinforcements to a village that is attacked on the same turn, the reinforcements might arrive in time to defend. But we can't be sure.

To be safe, we should reinforce Madrid now so that it has more troops for defense this turn? But we can only send troops that are available now. If we send from Salamanca now, they will march and arrive next turn. But the enemy might attack Madrid this turn? The enemy's orders are simultaneous. If the enemy decides to attack Madrid this turn, they will send troops from Zaragoza. Those troops will arrive next turn (since it takes 1 turn). So the attack happens next turn. Our reinforcements from Salamanca also arrive next turn. So they would both be there next turn. So it's fine.

But what if the enemy attacks Madrid this turn by sending troops that are already on the march? The report says there is an enemy army marching toward Zaragoza, arriving in 1 turn. That army is going to Zaragoza, not Madrid. So no enemy army is currently marching toward Madrid. So if the enemy wants to attack Madrid, they must order it this turn. So the attack will happen next turn. Our reinforcements will also arrive next turn. So we can reinforce Madrid in time.

So we should send reinforcements to Madrid to prepare for a possible enemy attack. Also, we might want to attack Zaragoza from Madrid? But Madrid's troops are weak. We could send troops from Salamanca to Madrid, and then from Madrid to Zaragoza? But they would have to stop at Madrid first? Actually, if we send from Salamanca to Zaragoza, the army will march along the road: Salamanca -> ... -> Madrid -> Zaragoza. Since Madrid is ours, it will pass through and continue to Zaragoza. But the travel time: Salamanca to Madrid is 1 turn, Madrid to Zaragoza is 1 turn, so total 2 turns. So if we send from Salamanca to Zaragoza now, they arrive on turn 20. Alternatively, we could send from Salamanca to Madrid (reinforce), and then next turn send from Madrid to Zaragoza. That might be better because we can assess the situation next turn.

But we need to capture villages this turn to reach 18. If we wait, we might not win.

Let's consider capturing Valencia and Huesca this turn. We can do that by sending troops from Murcia and Pamplona. But we must also reinforce Madrid and maybe other borders.

We have many troops in interior villages that can be sent to reinforce. Let's plan movements:

1. Attack Valencia (16) from Murcia (15). Send all troops from Murcia? Or send a strong force but leave some for defense? Since Murcia becomes interior after capturing Valencia, we might not need to leave troops. But if the enemy attacks Murcia from Cordoba? Cordoba is ours. So no threat. However, if we capture Valencia, the enemy could attack Valencia from Teruel. If they do, our troops in Valencia will fight. We sent 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. That's a decent force. If the enemy sends a larger force, we might lose Valencia. But we can reinforce Valencia next turn from other villages. So it's probably okay to send all from Murcia.

2. Attack Huesca (20) from Pamplona (19). Send some troops, but leave some in Pamplona for defense against Zaragoza. Pamplona has 8 spearman. Send 4 spearman to Huesca, leave 4 spearman in Pamplona. Attack with 4 spearman: attack 4, with bonus (spearman vs knight) = 6 vs defense 5, win. We should also consider building archers or knights in Pamplona for future, but we can only build this turn for next turn.

3. Reinforce Madrid (12). Madrid has 7 troops, defense 18. It might be attacked from Zaragoza. Send troops from Salamanca (7) to Madrid. Salamanca has 26 troops (12 spearman, 12 archer, 2 knight). We can send a mix. Send, say, 6 spearman, 6 archer, 1 knight? That would leave Salamanca with 6 spearman, 6 archer, 1 knight. But we need to consider travel time: Salamanca to Madrid is 1 turn. So they arrive next turn. That will increase Madrid's defense.

4. What about Toledo? Toledo is strong, but it borders Teruel which has a huge garrison. The enemy could attack Toledo from Teruel. We might want to reinforce Toledo or even attack Teruel. But Teruel is very strong (defense 95). We could attack Teruel from Toledo? Toledo has 25 troops, attack 33, with counter? Teruel garrison: 22 spearmen, 2 archer, 14 knights. Most numerous is spearman (22). Our most numerous if we send all from Toledo is spearman (17). Spearman vs spearman: no counter bonus. So our attack is 33, no bonus. Defense 95. We would lose badly. So we cannot attack Teruel yet. We need to build more troops or use knights to get a counter? If we send knights, they counter archers? But the enemy most numerous is spearman, so knights would not counter spearman; actually, spearman counters knight, so if we send knights, they are countered by the enemy's spearman. So no bonus. Archers counter spearman? Archer counters spearman? The triangle: archer counters spearman. So if we send archers as most numerous, they would counter the enemy's spearman and get 1.5x bonus. But Toledo has 8 archer, 17 spearman. If we send only archers, we could send 8 archers, attack = 8*2 = 16, with bonus = 24, still vs 95 defense, not enough. So Teruel is too strong.

So we should focus on the weak villages.

What about the unexplored villages? We can see them if we send troops to them? Actually, we can only see villages connected to our villages or where our armies are. We might want to send an army to explore the unexplored ones. But we don't know their strength. The enemy capital Barcelona is there. We don't need to take it to win.

Maybe we should also consider capturing Zaragoza if we can. But we need a strong army. We could build knights in Toledo or Madrid and then attack. But it takes time.

Let's think about the turn order. We are on turn 18. We need to win as soon as possible. The enemy is reinforcing Zaragoza, so it might become stronger. We should capture Valencia and Huesca now, and then next turn, if we hold 18, we win. But we must hold them for 2 consecutive turns. If we capture them this turn, they become ours at the end of this turn? Actually, the battles happen during the turn. The report says "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" includes attacks and conquests. So if we order an attack this turn, the result will be known next turn. So if we attack Valencia and Huesca this turn, we will find out next turn if we won. If we win, we will own them next turn. Then we need to own them for one more turn to have 2 consecutive turns? Wait: "hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages for 2 consecutive turns". If we capture them this turn, they become ours at the end of this turn (turn 18). So at the end of turn 18, we have 18 villages? Actually, we currently have 16. If we capture 2, we have 18 at the end of turn 18. Then at the end of turn 19, if we still have them, that's 2 consecutive turns (18 and 19). So we would win at the end of turn 19? Or do we need to have them for the entire duration of two turns? Usually, it means at the end of two consecutive turns. So if we have 18 at the end of turn 18 and turn 19, we win. So we need to survive turn 19 with our 18 villages.

So if we capture Valencia and Huesca this turn, we need to defend them next turn. The enemy might try to recapture them. We need to ensure we can hold.

Alternatively, we could capture only one this turn, and then next turn capture another, but then we need to hold for two turns after that. It might be slower.

Let's check if we can capture both Valencia and Huesca this turn with the available troops.

For Valencia: send from Murcia: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. That's all troops from Murcia. Murcia becomes empty. But as argued, after capturing Valencia, Murcia is interior and safe. However, if the enemy attacks Valencia next turn from Teruel, our troops there will fight. We sent 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. That's a total of 8 troops. Their attack power if defending? Defense in a village: defense counts x1.25. The effective defense of Valencia after we capture it will depend on the troops we put there. The report gave effective defense for enemy villages including their garrison. For Valencia, it was 5 with 2 knights. After we capture it, our troops will be the garrison. We need to calculate the new effective defense. But we don't need to calculate exactly; we just need to know if it can hold against a possible enemy attack. The enemy might send troops from Teruel. Teruel has 22 spearmen, 2 archers, 14 knights. They could send a large force. But they would have to march. From Teruel to Valencia: "march from [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" is for Teruel? Actually, the report says for Teruel: "march from [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That's from Toledo to Teruel. From Teruel to Valencia: road: [13] Teruel connects to [16] Valencia. So it's 1 turn? Probably 1 turn. So if the enemy attacks Valencia from Teruel next turn, they will arrive next turn. Our troops are already there. So we will defend. With 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight, our defense in a village: each troop type has defense: spearman defense 2, archer defense 2, knight defense 2. So total defense = (4+3+1)*2 = 16. In a village, defense counts x1.25, so effective defense = 20. Against an attack from Teruel, the enemy might send, say, 10 spearmen? Their attack would be 10*1 = 10, with counter? If they send spearmen, they counter knights? But we have only 1 knight, so our most numerous is spearman (4). Enemy most numerous if they send spearmen is spearman. Spearman vs spearman: no counter. So their attack 10 vs our defense 20? Actually, the combat: attacker counts ATTACK, defender counts DEFENSE. The effective defense is 20. So they need attack > 20 to win. 10 is not enough. So we would win. But if they send knights, they counter archers? Our most numerous is spearman (4), so knights would not get a counter bonus against spearman? Actually, knight counters archer, but our most numerous is spearman, so no bonus. Knight attack 4 each. If they send 6 knights, attack = 24, which is > 20, so they could win. But they might not send that many. Teruel has 14 knights, so they could send up to 14. But they might not send all. We don't know the enemy's orders. So there is a risk.

To mitigate, we could send reinforcements to Valencia after capturing it. But we can only send troops that are available now. We could send troops from another village to Valencia, but they would have to go through Murcia? Road to Valencia: from our territory, we can go through Murcia (15) or from Castellon? Castellon is enemy. So any reinforcements to Valencia must go through Murcia. If Murcia is empty, we can still send troops from, say, Cordoba (11) to Murcia, and then from Murcia to Valencia? But they would stop at Murcia? Actually, if we send from Cordoba to Valencia, the army will march: Cordoba -> Murcia -> Valencia. Since Murcia is ours (even if empty), they will pass through and continue to Valencia. But the travel time: Cordoba to Murcia is 1 turn? Cordoba connects to Murcia: [11] Cordoba connects to [15] Murcia. So 1 turn. Then Murcia to Valencia is 1 turn. So total 2 turns. So if we send from Cordoba now, they would arrive on turn 20. That would reinforce Valencia for the defense on turn 20? But the enemy attack might happen on turn 19. So we need reinforcements to arrive by turn 19 to help defend if attacked on turn 19. If we send from Cordoba now, they arrive turn 20, too late for turn 19 defense. If we send from a village closer? The closest village to Valencia is Murcia, but we are emptying it. We could leave some troops in Murcia and send fewer to Valencia. But then our attack on Valencia might be weaker. Let's see if we can win with fewer troops.

If we send 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight from Murcia (total 6), attack = 3*1 + 2*2 + 1*4 = 3+4+4=11, with bonus (spearman most numerous) = 16.5 vs defense 5, still win. Then leave 1 spearman and 1 archer in Murcia? Murcia has 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. So we could send 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight, leaving 1 spearman, 1 archer in Murcia. That gives Murcia a small garrison. Then if the enemy attacks Murcia? But Murcia is only accessible via Valencia, so if we capture Valencia, Murcia is safe. But if we leave troops in Murcia, they can also reinforce Valencia later? Actually, they are in Murcia, not Valencia. But they could be sent to Valencia next turn. So that's better.

For Huesca: send from Pamplona. Pamplona has 8 spearman. Send 4 spearman, leave 4. That gives Huesca 4 spearman, attack 4*1.5=6 vs defense 5, win. Leave 4 in Pamplona for defense against Zaragoza.

Now, we also need to consider building troops for future. We have many resources. We should build troops in our villages to prepare for the next turn's defense or further attacks. Especially, we should build archers and knights because they are more powerful, and we have iron. But we also need wood. Let's check each village's ability to build.

We should focus on building in villages that are on the border or that will be attacking. For example, we can build in Murcia to reinforce after the attack? But Murcia will have leftover troops. We can build in Pamplona. We can build in Madrid or Toledo to prepare for an attack on Zaragoza.

But we must be careful not to exceed the cap of 30
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
########## TURNO 18 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3754 | resposta 5289 | raciocinio 5289 | finish content_filter | ms 82907
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B in a turn-based strategy game. I need to analyze the current state, make decisions for builds and movements, and provide a plan and statement.

Current state:
- I hold 8 of 24 villages (need 18 for 75% to win, or eliminate all enemy villages).
- Enemy is King A, holding villages like Madrid, Murcia, Pamplona, Toledo, Burgos, Salamanca, Cordoba, and the capital Lisboa plus others unexplored.
- My villages: Barcelona (22), Tarragona (21), Girona (23), Castellon (18), Zaragoza (17), Huesca (20), Valencia (16), Teruel (13).
- Total troops at home: 67 (31 spearman, 2 archer, 34 knight) + 2 marching (2 spearmen from [19] to [17]).
- Enemy capital is Lisboa [0], but taking it is not required.
- My capital is Barcelona [22], losing it doesn't lose the game.

Recent events:
- I lost Pamplona [19] and Murcia [15] to enemy attacks.
- My attack on Zaragoza [17] was repelled, I lost 8 troops, 13 left.
- Reinforcements arrived at Zaragoza and Teruel.

Current troop positions:
- Zaragoza [17]: 13 troops (5 spearman, 8 knight) - border with Madrid [12] and Pamplona [19].
- Huesca [20]: 2 troops (2 knight) - border with Pamplona [19].
- Valencia [16]: 2 troops (2 knight) - border with Murcia [15].
- Teruel [13]: 38 troops (22 spearman, 2 archer, 14 knight) - border with Toledo [8].
- Barcelona [22]: 4 troops (4 spearman? Wait, it says 4 / 300, available: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight. So at home: 2 spearman, 2 knight? No, "troops at home: 4 / 300" and available to send: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight. That means 4 troops total, 2 spearman and 2 knight. But the total says 31 spearman, 2 archer, 34 knight. Let's sum up:
  - Barcelona: 2 spearman, 2 knight = 4
  - Tarragona: 2 knight = 2
  - Girona: 2 spearman, 2 knight = 4
  - Castellon: 2 knight = 2
  - Zaragoza: 5 spearman, 8 knight = 13
  - Huesca: 2 knight = 2
  - Valencia: 2 knight = 2
  - Teruel: 22 spearman, 2 archer, 14 knight = 38
  Total: spearman = 2+2+2+5+22 = 31; archer = 2; knight = 2+2+2+2+8+2+2+14 = 34. Matches.
- Marching: 2 spearmen from [19] to [17] (arriving in 1 turn). Since [19] was lost, these were sent before and are still marching? The report says "2 spearmen: [19] -> [17], arrives in 1 turn". They are on the road, will arrive at Zaragoza next turn.

Enemy villages I can see:
- Madrid [12]: defense 18, garrison 5 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. March from Zaragoza: 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn.
- Murcia [15]: defense 20, garrison 4 spearman, 3 archers, 1 knight. March from Valencia: 1 turn.
- Pamplona [19]: defense 20, garrison 8 spearmen. March from Zaragoza: 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast turns.
- Toledo [8]: defense 63, garrison 17 spearman, 8 archers. March from Teruel: 1 turn.

Known from before:
- Burgos [14]: enemy, last seen 10 spearmen, 3 archers. March from Zaragoza: 2 turns.
- Salamanca [7]: enemy, last seen 6 spearman, 8 archers, 1 knight. March from Zaragoza: 2 turns.
- Cordoba [11]: enemy, last seen 7 spearman, 6 archers, 1 knight. March from Valencia: 2 turns.

Unexplored: Badajoz, Porto, Vigo, Coimbra, Sevilha, Faro, Santarem, Lisboa, Evora.

Road network:
- My interior villages connect to front villages.
- Zaragoza connects to Madrid, Teruel, Pamplona, Huesca, Tarragona.
- Teruel connects to Toledo, Valencia, Zaragoza, Castellon.
- Valencia connects to Murcia, Teruel, Castellon.
- Huesca connects to Pamplona, Zaragoza, Girona.

Economy:
- Each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn.
- Costs: spearman 15 wood, archer 20 wood + 10 iron, knight 30 wood + 30 iron.
- Cap: 300 troops per village.
- Resources are per village. Let's check each village's resources:
  - Barcelona: wood 30, iron 60. Can build: spearman (needs 15 wood), archer (20 wood, 10 iron), knight (30 wood, 30 iron). With 30 wood and 60 iron, can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and have 0 wood, 30 iron left. Or 2 spearmen (30 wood) and 0 iron left. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood) needs 35 wood, not enough. So max 1 knight or 2 spearmen or 1 archer + something? Actually, 20 wood + 10 iron for archer, leaves 10 wood, 50 iron. Then 10 wood not enough for spearman (15). So 1 archer only. Or 2 spearmen. Or 1 knight. Let's calculate best use.
  - Tarragona: wood 30, iron 50. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 0 wood, 20 iron. Or 2 spearmen (30 wood). Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman? 20+15=35 wood >30. So 1 archer + 0 spearman, or 2 spearmen, or 1 knight.
  - Girona: wood 30, iron 50. Same as Tarragona.
  - Castellon: wood 30, iron 60. Same as Barcelona.
  - Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 30. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) exactly. Or 2 spearmen (30 wood). Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaves 10 wood, 20 iron, can't build another.
  - Huesca: wood 30, iron 50. Same as Tarragona.
  - Valencia: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 2 spearmen (30 wood). Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaves 10 wood, 10 iron. Or 1 knight? 30 wood, 30 iron - not enough iron. So max 2 spearmen or 1 archer.
  - Teruel: wood 30, iron 40. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 0 wood, 10 iron. Or 2 spearmen (30 wood). Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaves 10 wood, 30 iron, can't build another.

I need to decide on a strategy. The plan from last turn was to concentrate on Zaragoza and Teruel fronts, launch coordinated assaults on Madrid and Toledo. That still makes sense. I need to rebuild my army.

Goal: Hold 18 villages. I currently have 8. I need to capture 10 more. The enemy has many villages. I need to expand.

Enemy villages I can see: Madrid, Murcia, Pamplona, Toledo. Also Burgos, Salamanca, Cordoba known. Unexplored: 9 villages including Lisboa.

I need to assess the enemy strength. Madrid has defense 18, small garrison. Toledo has defense 63, large garrison. Pamplona defense 20, 8 spearmen. Murcia defense 20, 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight.

My strongest front is Teruel with 38 troops. Toledo has 63 defense, but my 38 troops might be able to attack it? Let's calculate effective force.

Combat rules:
- Attack: sum of attack values. Spearman 1, archer 2, knight 4.
- Defense: sum of defense values. Spearman 2, archer 2, knight 2. In village: defense x1.25, castle x1.5.
- Counter triangle: most numerous type sets matchup. If I have more knights than others, and enemy has archers, I get 1.5x bonus.
- Effective force = attack * counter bonus.
- Defender effective defense = defense * location bonus (already included in the report's "effective defense" numbers).
- Winner: higher effective force. Tie favors defender.
- Loser destroyed entirely. Winner loses half of loser's effective force.

To attack Madrid [12]: defense 18. My troops from Zaragoza: 5 spearman, 8 knight = attack: 5*1 + 8*4 = 5+32=37. Most numerous: knight (8 vs 5). Enemy garrison: 5 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous: spearman (5). Knight vs spearman? Knight is not strong against spearman. Spearman counters knight? Wait: "spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archers." So if my most numerous is knight, and enemy most numerous is spearman, then spearman counters knight. That means the enemy gets the counter bonus? Or does the counter bonus apply to the one who has the counter? "Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5". So if enemy most numerous is spearman, and I am knight, spearman counters knight, so enemy gets 1.5x bonus to their defense? Wait, the rule says: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archers. Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5. The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup."

So for an attack: my army's most numerous type vs enemy army's most numerous type. If my type counters theirs, I get 1.5x attack. If their type counters mine, they get 1.5x defense? The rule says "Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5". It doesn't specify attacker or defender, just "your whole army's force". So if I am attacking, my force is my attack, their force is their defense. If I have the counter, my attack gets 1.5x. If they have the counter, their defense gets 1.5x.

In this case: my most numerous is knight. Enemy most numerous is spearman. Spearman counters knight. So enemy has the counter. Their defense gets 1.5x. My attack is 37. Their effective defense is already 18 (includes location bonus). Does the counter multiply the effective defense or the base? The rule says "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again." But the counter bonus is separate. So I think we apply counter to the effective defense? Or to the base defense then location bonus? The rule says "effective defense (location bonus included)". The counter is a separate multiplier. I'll assume it multiplies the effective defense. So enemy defense becomes 18 * 1.5 = 27. My attack 37 vs 27, I win. But wait, the rule says "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins." So I need to compare my attack (possibly with counter) vs their defense (possibly with counter). If I have counter, my attack * 1.5. If they have counter, their defense * 1.5. If both have counter? The rule says "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight." So if both have same count, it's a tie, and the order determines who gets the counter? Actually, "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So if both have knight as most numerous, it's a tie, and the tiebreaker says spearman, archer, knight. That means if both have knight, the tiebreaker doesn't give counter to either? Or it says ties break in that order, meaning if both have same count, the one with the higher in the order gets the counter? That doesn't make sense. Let's re-read: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." I think it means if there's a tie for most numerous in an army, the type that is higher in the order (spearman > archer > knight) is considered the most numerous. But for the matchup, we compare the most numerous types. If my most numerous is knight and enemy's is spearman, spearman counters knight, so enemy gets counter. If both are knight, no one counters (knight doesn't counter knight). So no bonus.

So for Madrid: my attack 37, enemy defense 18 * 1.5 = 27. I win. But I need to consider losses. "The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types." Loser is defender, effective force = 27. Half = 13.5, rounded? Probably 13 or 14. I lose troops worth that much. My army has 5 spearman (attack 5) and 8 knight (attack 32). Total attack 37. The loss is spread over troop types. How is it spread? "spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself." It says "worth HALF of the loser's effective force". So I lose troops whose total attack value equals about 13.5. Since spearman have attack 1 and knight attack 4, I might lose some of each. The exact mechanism might be: the loser's effective force is 27, half is 13.5. The winner loses troops with total attack equal to that? Or total "force"? The rule says "loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force". I think it means the winner's losses have an effective force equal to half the loser's effective force. But what is the effective force of the winner's troops? Probably their attack value. So I lose troops whose total attack equals ~13.5. That could be 3 knights (12) and 2 spearmen (2) = 14, or 1 knight and many spearmen. It's not specified exactly, but I can assume I'll lose some troops.

But wait, I'm attacking Madrid from Zaragoza. I have 13 troops there. I can send all 13. But I also have the 2 spearmen arriving from Pamplona. They will arrive this turn? The report says "2 spearmen: [19] -> [17], arrives in 1 turn". That means at the start of turn 18, they are marching and will arrive at the end of turn 18? Or they arrive at the beginning of turn 19? The turn is 18 now. "arrives in 1 turn" means they arrive next turn, so I can use them for orders this turn? No, orders are simultaneous. The snapshot is now. The 2 spearmen are on the march, not yet at Zaragoza. They will arrive after this turn's orders are executed. So I cannot order them from Zaragoza this turn. They will join Zaragoza after the turn.

So from Zaragoza I have 13 troops. I can send them to Madrid. March time: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn. Mixed army: slowest is spearman (slow). So it takes 1 slow turn? Wait, "march from [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means if I send only fast troops, it takes 1 fast turn. If I send slow, it takes 1 slow turn. But what is the difference in real turns? The report gives the time per speed. Usually, a slow turn might be 2x a fast turn? But it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That suggests the distance is such that it takes 1 turn if you are fast, 1 turn if medium, 1 turn if slow? That doesn't make sense. Let's read carefully: "march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns". So for Madrid from Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. That means it takes 1 turn regardless of speed? That seems odd. Maybe it's 1 turn for all, meaning the distance is very short. So I can reach Madrid in 1 turn.

But wait: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So if I order troops from Zaragoza to Madrid, they will go directly to Madrid because it's the first enemy village on the road? The road from Zaragoza to Madrid is direct. So they arrive and fight.

I should also consider other fronts. Teruel has 38 troops. Toledo has defense 63. My attack: 22 spearman (22) + 2 archer (4) + 14 knight (56) = 82 attack. Most numerous: spearman (22). Enemy most numerous: spearman (17). Spearman vs spearman: no counter. So attack 82 vs defense 63. I win. But I'll lose troops.

What about other villages? I need to capture villages to reach 18. I have 8. I need 10 more. Madrid, Murcia, Pamplona, Toledo are enemy. If I take Madrid, that's 9. Then I can push to Salamanca or Burgos. If I take Toledo, that's 9, then push to Cordoba or Badajoz.

I should coordinate. But I also need to defend my own villages. The enemy might attack me. Last turn they attacked Pamplona, Murcia, and Zaragoza. They might attack again.

I need to decide on builds and movements.

Builds: I have resources. I should build troops to reinforce my front villages. The most expensive and powerful is knight. I should build knights where I have iron. Let's check each village's capacity and resources.

Barcelona: wood 30, iron 60. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Leaves 0 wood, 30 iron. Or 2 spearmen. Or 1 archer. Knight is best for attack power. But I need to send them to the front. Barcelona is interior, nearest front is Zaragoza. March from Barcelona to Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So if I build knights in Barcelona, they take 1 fast turn to reach Zaragoza? Wait, "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means if I send knights (fast), it takes 1 fast turn. If I send spearmen (slow), it takes 2 slow turns. So 1 turn for knights. So I can build knights in Barcelona and send them to Zaragoza, they'll arrive next turn? Actually, if I build and send in the same turn, the march time is 1 fast turn, so they arrive at the end of the next turn? The rules: "Marching takes turns, and during those turns the enemy keeps building and moving." So if I order a build and a movement in the same turn, the troops are built and then march? Or they march starting next turn? Usually, builds are ready in 1 turn, meaning they are available at the end of the turn. Then they can be sent next turn. But the report says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight". That means those troops are already built and can be sent this turn. If I order a build, they will be ready next turn. So I can't send them this turn. So I should build troops that will be ready for next turn's movements.

But I need to decide what to build and where.

Let's list all my villages and what they can build now (this turn) and what they will produce next turn.

Current resources:
- Barcelona: wood 30, iron 60. Can build: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> next turn ready.
- Tarragona: wood 30, iron 50. Can build: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> next turn.
- Girona: wood 30, iron 50. Can build: 1 knight.
- Castellon: wood 30, iron 60. Can build: 1 knight.
- Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 30. Can build: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) exactly. Or 2 spearmen (30 wood). Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + nothing else.
- Huesca: wood 30, iron 50. Can build: 1 knight.
- Valencia: wood 30, iron 20. Can build: 2 spearmen (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Cannot build knight (needs 30 iron).
- Teruel: wood 30, iron 40. Can build: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 spearmen.

I should prioritize knights because they have high attack and speed. But I need to consider the cap of 300 per village. None are near cap.

I should also consider that I need to defend my villages. The enemy might attack my border villages. I should leave some troops in defense. But the effective defense of my villages is already high because of the location bonus? Let's check:
- Zaragoza: effective defense 33 (with 13 troops). If I send all, defense becomes lower? The defense value is based on troops at home. If I send them away, the defense drops. So I should leave some for defense.
- Teruel: defense 95 with 38 troops. That's very high. I can send some and leave a few.
- Valencia: defense 5 with 2 troops. If I send them, defense becomes 0? Actually, defense is based on troops. If I send all, the village has no troops, defense is 0? But the effective defense includes location bonus. The location bonus is x1.25 for village, x1.5 for castle. But if there are no troops, defense is 0. So I should always leave some troops for defense, or the village will fall easily.

But wait: "Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital)." So the troops' defense is multiplied. If I have 2 knights, defense = 2 * 2 = 4, times 1.25 = 5. That matches Valencia's defense 5. If I send them, defense 0.

So I need to balance sending troops and leaving defenders.

Let's think about the enemy's next move. They attacked last turn from multiple directions. They have troops in Madrid, Toledo, Pamplona, Murcia, etc. They might attack my border villages: Zaragoza, Huesca, Valencia, Teruel. I need to ensure these are strong enough to hold.

Zaragoza has 13 troops, defense 33. That's decent. But if I send them all to attack Madrid, Zaragoza will have 0 troops, defense 0. Then if the enemy attacks Zaragoza, it falls. So I should leave some troops in Zaragoza. How many? The enemy in Pamplona has 8 spearmen. If they attack Zaragoza, their attack: 8 spearman = 8. Zaragoza defense with 0 troops = 0. So it would fall. So I must leave enough to defend.

What is the enemy's strength in Pamplona? 8 spearmen, defense 20. They could attack Zaragoza. March from Pamplona to Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So it takes 1 fast turn? Actually, "march from [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Pamplona. So from Pamplona to Zaragoza is the same distance. So it takes 1 fast turn for knights, 2 slow for spearmen. If they send spearmen, it takes 2 slow turns. That means 2 turns. So I have time.

But I need to decide on a plan.

My plan should be to capture Madrid and Toledo to expand. But I need to do it without losing my border villages.

I have 2 spearmen marching to Zaragoza. They will arrive next turn. So Zaragoza will have 15 troops next turn if I don't build there.

Let's consider building in Zaragoza. It has wood 30, iron 30. Can build 1 knight. That would add a knight to Zaragoza next turn. But if I build, I use resources. I could also build spearmen.

I think I should focus on building knights in all villages that can afford them, and send them to the front. But I need to leave defenders.

Let's calculate the optimal use of resources.

First, I need to decide which villages to send troops to where. I want to attack Madrid and Toledo.

For Madrid: I need to attack from Zaragoza. I should send a mix of troops. I have 5 spearman, 8 knight in Zaragoza. If I send all, attack 37. But I should leave some for defense. Let's say I leave 2 spearman and 2 knight? That would reduce attack. If I leave 2 spearman and 2 knight, I send 3 spearman and 6 knight. Attack: 3*1 + 6*4 = 27. Enemy defense 18 * 1.5 = 27. Tie? Tie favors defender. So I would lose. Not good. I need more attack. If I leave only 1 spearman and 1 knight, send
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 2K
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 2K
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 2K
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 2K
REFORCO [13] Teruel dono B: 2K
REFORCO [13] Teruel dono B: 2K
COMBATE [19] Pamplona: atacante A Fatk=10 (ef 15) Fdef=4 (ef 5) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~2
COMBATE [15] Murcia: atacante A Fatk=23 (ef 23) Fdef=18 (ef 23) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~11
COMBATE [17] Zaragoza: atacante A Fatk=28 (ef 42) Fdef=42 (ef 53) vant=1 -> vence defensor | baixas~17
placar: A 16 ald/tropas 185 | B 8 ald/tropas 67 | neutras 0 | transito 1 (A 0 | B 1)

########## TURNO 19 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4252 | resposta 5593 | raciocinio 4338 | finish stop | ms 70809
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 7, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 8, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 12, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 5},\n    {\"villageId\": 15, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 15, \"toId\": 16, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 19, \"toId\": 20, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 8, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 7, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Focus on capturing the weakly defended enemy villages Valencia [16] and Huesca [20] to reach the 18-village threshold. Send spearmen from Murcia and Pamplona, as spearmen counter the knights garrisoning those villages. Reinforce Madrid from Salamanca to protect the border against Zaragoza. Build additional spearmen in border villages to replenish losses and maintain defensive strength. Avoid attacking heavily fortified targets like Teruel and Zaragoza for now. Monitor for enemy army movements and be ready to defend.\",\n  \"statement\": \"I am launching a targeted offensive against the enemy's weakest outposts: Valencia and Huesca. With these captures, I will hold 18 villages and secure the 75% control needed for victory. My spearmen are marching now, and I am reinforcing Madrid to guard against counterattacks. The enemy capital may be formidable, but I will win by expanding my territory steadily.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A in a strategy game. I need to analyze the current state and provide a JSON response with build orders, movement orders, a plan note, and a statement for the audience.

Current state:
- I hold 16 of 24 villages (need 18 for 75% for 2 consecutive turns to win, or eliminate all enemy villages).
- Enemy capital is Barcelona [22], but not required to win.
- Enemy villages seen: [13] Teruel, [17] Zaragoza, [16] Valencia, [20] Huesca.
- Unexplored enemy villages: [18] Castellon, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona, [23] Girona.
- My villages: 16 total.
- I have 185 soldiers at home (102 spearman, 77 archer, 6 knight).
- Enemy has strong garrisons, especially Teruel (22 spearmen, 2 archers, 14 knights, defense 95).
- My border villages: [8] Toledo borders [13] Teruel, [12] Madrid borders [17] Zaragoza, [15] Murcia borders [16] Valencia, [19] Pamplona borders [17] Zaragoza and [20] Huesca.
- Enemy villages [16] Valencia and [20] Huesca have very low defense (5), just 2 knights each. These are easy targets.
- I need to expand and capture more villages to reach 18.
- I have 8 unexplored villages, some are enemy.
- Resources: Each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn.
- I need to build troops to attack.

Strategy:
- Target easy villages first: [16] Valencia (defense 5) and [20] Huesca (defense 5).
- To reach [16] Valencia, I can send from [15] Murcia (1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn).
- To reach [20] Huesca, I can send from [19] Pamplona (2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns).
- I should also reinforce border villages and build more troops.
- I need to consider the counter triangle: spearman counters knight, archer counters spearman, knight counters archer.
- Valencia and Huesca have only knights (2 knights). To counter knights, I should send spearmen. Spearmen counter knights (1.5x bonus). So sending spearmen is good.
- However, spearmen are slow. March time: from Murcia to Valencia is 1 slow turn (so 1 turn). From Pamplona to Huesca is 2 slow turns.
- I should send spearmen from Murcia to Valencia and from Pamplona to Huesca.
- I also need to defend my own villages and maybe build more troops.
- Let's check troop availability:
  - [15] Murcia: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. Send 4 spearman to [16] Valencia.
  - [19] Pamplona: 8 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. Send 8 spearman to [20] Huesca.
- But wait, I need to consider that the enemy might also send troops. The enemy is King B.
- I should also build troops to replenish and grow my army.
- Let's check resources and builds:
  - [15] Murcia: wood 60, iron 40. Can build spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) -> 4 spearman would cost 60 wood, but I only have 60 wood. Actually, spearman costs 15 wood + 0 iron. So 4 spearman cost 60 wood. I have 60 wood, so I can build 4 spearman. But I also want to send them. If I build and send in the same turn, the troops are built and then sent? The rules say: "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." and "Each troop type has a speed... Marching takes turns". So I can build and send in the same turn? Usually in these games, you build and then they are available to send. But the report says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" which means troops already built. If I build, they will be available next turn? The rules say "ready in 1 turn". So if I order a build, they will be ready next turn. I cannot send them this turn if they are not built yet. The "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" are the troops already in the village. So I can only send what is available now.
  - So from [15] Murcia, I can send 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. I'll send the 4 spearman to [16] Valencia.
  - From [19] Pamplona, I can send 8 spearman to [20] Huesca.
- I should also build more troops to increase my army. Let's build spearman in villages with wood.
  - [15] Murcia: wood 60, iron 40. Build 4 spearman (cost 60 wood). But if I send the 4 spearman, I will have 0 left. Building more would take a turn. I can build 4 spearman to have them next turn.
  - [19] Pamplona: wood 60, iron 40. Build 4 spearman (cost 60 wood).
  - Other villages: [8] Toledo has 17 spearman, 8 archer. I could send some to reinforce or attack. But Teruel is very strong (defense 95). Maybe I should attack Zaragoza [17] from Madrid [12] or Pamplona [19]. Zaragoza has 7 spearmen, 8 knights, defense 38. I can send from Madrid: 5 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. That's not enough. From Pamplona: 8 spearman. Maybe combine? But troops from different villages don't add up. So I need to send a strong army from one village.
  - I could send from Salamanca [7] to Madrid [12] to reinforce, then from Madrid to Zaragoza. But that takes time.
  - Alternatively, I can focus on the easy villages first: Valencia and Huesca. Capturing them will give me 2 more villages (total 18) and resources.
  - Let's check if I can capture Valencia with 4 spearman. Valencia has 2 knights, defense 5. My 4 spearman: attack power? Spearman attack 1 each, so total attack 4. But counter: spearman vs knight is 1.5x bonus. So effective attack = 4 * 1.5 = 6? Wait, the counter triangle: "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." The "force" is probably the total attack? The rules: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup". My army is all spearman (4), so most numerous is spearman. Enemy is all knights (2), so most numerous is knight. Spearman counters knight, so my force is multiplied by 1.5. So my effective attack = 4 * 1.5 = 6. Enemy defense is 5 (effective defense already includes location bonus). So I win with 6 > 5. But the winner takes losses. I will lose some troops. The rules: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So I will lose some spearman. Probably 1 or 2. But I should win.
  - Similarly, Huesca: 8 spearman vs 2 knights. Attack = 8 * 1.5 = 12 > 5. Easy win.
- So my plan: Send 4 spearman from Murcia to Valencia, and 8 spearman from Pamplona to Huesca. Also build more spearman in those villages to replenish.
- I should also consider building archers or knights? Archers cost 20 wood + 10 iron. Knights cost 30 wood + 30 iron. I have iron in some villages. But spearmen are cheap and effective against knights.
- I need to reach 18 villages. Currently 16. Capturing Valencia and Huesca gives 18. But I need to hold them for 2 consecutive turns? The win condition: "hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village." So if I capture them, I hold 18, but I need to hold them for 2 consecutive turns. That means I need to capture them and then hold them for another turn. Or I can capture more to be safe.
- Also, the enemy might attack my villages. I should defend.
- Let's check my border villages: Toledo, Madrid, Murcia, Pamplona. They have some troops.
- I should also send reinforcements to Madrid from Salamanca or Toledo to protect against Zaragoza.
- But for now, let's focus on the easy captures.
- I will order:
  - Build: in Murcia, build 4 spearman (cost 60 wood). In Pamplona, build 4 spearman (cost 60 wood). In other villages, maybe build more? Let's check resources.
    - [8] Toledo: wood 60, iron 140. Can build 4 spearman (60 wood) or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). I'll build 4 spearman to replenish.
    - [12] Madrid: wood 85, iron 80. Build 5 spearman (75 wood) or 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron). I'll build 5 spearman.
    - [7] Salamanca: wood 60, iron 70. Build 4 spearman.
    - [0] Lisboa: wood 60, iron 170. Build 4 spearman.
    - etc. But I need to be careful not to overbuild. I have 185 troops now, but I'm sending 12 away. I should build to maintain my army.
  - Movements:
    - From [15] Murcia to [16] Valencia: 4 spearman.
    - From [19] Pamplona to [20] Huesca: 8 spearman.
    - Maybe also send from [12] Madrid to [17] Zaragoza? But Zaragoza has defense 38, my troops from Madrid are 5 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Attack: spearman 5, archer 1, knight 1. Most numerous: spearman (5). Enemy: spearman 7, knights 8. Most numerous: knights (8). So enemy most numerous is knight, mine is spearman. Spearman counters knight, so my force is multiplied by 1.5? Wait, the counter is based on the most numerous type of each army. My most numerous is spearman, enemy most numerous is knight. Spearman counters knight, so I get the bonus. My effective attack: spearman attack 1 * 5 = 5, archer attack 2 * 1 = 2, knight attack 4 * 1 = 4. Total attack = 11. With counter bonus? The rule: "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." Does it multiply the whole force or just the counter type? It says "multiplies your force by 1.5". Probably the total effective force. So 11 * 1.5 = 16.5. Enemy defense: effective defense 38. So I lose. Not good.
    - So I shouldn't attack Zaragoza yet.
  - I could send from [8] Toledo to [13] Teruel? Teruel defense 95, too strong.
  - So focus on Valencia and Huesca.
- I also need to consider that the enemy might send troops to attack me. But I have no sight of enemy armies on march.
- Let's write the plan and statement.

Plan: "Focus on capturing easy enemy villages Valencia [16] and Huesca [20] to reach 18 villages. Send spearmen from Murcia and Pamplona. Build more spearmen in border villages to replenish and defend. Avoid attacking strongholds like Teruel and Zaragoza for now. Watch for enemy movements."

Statement: "I am sending my forces to capture the weakly defended enemy villages of Valencia and Huesca. With these captures, I will hold 18 villages and be on my way to victory. I am also building more troops to secure my borders."

Now, let's format the JSON.

Builds:
- Village 15 (Murcia): build 4 spearman.
- Village 19 (Pamplona): build 4 spearman.
- Village 8 (Toledo): build 4 spearman.
- Village 12 (Madrid): build 5 spearman.
- Village 7 (Salamanca): build 4 spearman.
- Maybe others? I need to check if I have enough wood. Each village has 60 wood usually, except Madrid has 85. So I can build 4 spearman in most. But I also need to consider that I might want to save wood for other things. But spearman are cheap and useful.

Actually, I should only build what I can afford and what makes sense. I don't need to build in every village. I'll build in the ones that are sending troops or are border.

Movements:
- from 15 to 16: 4 spearman.
- from 19 to 20: 8 spearman.

I should also consider sending reinforcements to Madrid or Toledo to defend against possible attacks. But I don't know if the enemy will attack. I can send from Salamanca to Madrid: Salamanca has 12 spearman, 12 archer, 2 knight. I could send some to Madrid to reinforce. Madrid has 7 troops. If I send 5 spearman from Salamanca to Madrid, it takes 1 slow turn (1 turn). That would help defend. But I also need to build in Salamanca. Let's send 5 spearman from Salamanca to Madrid.

Also, from Toledo to somewhere? Toledo borders Teruel, which is strong. I could send from Toledo to Madrid to reinforce? Toledo to Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns? The report says: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" for Lisboa. For Toledo itself, it says: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo" - that's itself. Actually, the report says for each village: "from here to your nearest border village [X]". For Toledo, it says "[8] Toledo" which is itself, so that's 0. But I need to check the road network. Toledo connects to [4], [11], [12], [13]. So from Toledo to Madrid [12] is a road. The march time is not given for Toledo to Madrid, but from the road network, they are connected. I can estimate: from Salamanca to Madrid is 1 slow turn. From Toledo to Madrid is probably similar. But I don't have the exact time. The report gives march times from each village to its nearest border village. For Toledo, its nearest border village is itself? Actually, Toledo is a border village. So the march time to itself is 0. But to other villages, I need to calculate. The rules say: "Travel time is measured along the roads". I don't have a full table, but I can infer from the given data. For example, from Lisboa to Toledo: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. From Santarem to Toledo: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. So the distance is measured in turns for each speed. I can assume that from Toledo to Madrid is similar to from Salamanca to Madrid? Salamanca to Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns (from the report for Salamanca: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"). For Toledo, it doesn't give a march time to Madrid because Madrid is not its nearest border village? Actually, Toledo's nearest border village is [13] Teruel? The report says: "[8] Toledo | BORDER with [13] (enemy) | ... from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" - that's confusing. It says "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo" which is itself. So maybe the march time is to the nearest border village that is not itself? Actually, reading carefully: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 3 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns" - that is for Lisboa [0] to Toledo [8]. For Toledo [8], it says "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo" which is probably a typo and should be something else. But since Toledo is a border village, its nearest border village is itself, so the time is 0. But I need to know the time to Madrid. I can look at the road network: Toledo connects to Madrid [12]. The distance is probably 1 or 2 turns. I can check from other villages: Badajoz to Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So Toledo to Madrid might be similar. But I don't want to send troops without knowing the time. I can send from Salamanca to Madrid because I know the time: 1 slow turn. So I'll do that.

Let's refine movements:
- From [7] Salamanca to [12] Madrid: send 5 spearman (to reinforce Madrid).
- From [15] Murcia to [16] Valencia: 4 spearman.
- From [19] Pamplona to [20] Huesca: 8 spearman.

Builds:
- [15] Murcia: build 4 spearman (to replace sent).
- [19] Pamplona: build 4 spearman.
- [7] Salamanca: build 5 spearman (to replace sent).
- [12] Madrid: build 5 spearman (to reinforce).
- [8] Toledo: build 4 spearman (to reinforce).
- Maybe [0] Lisboa: build 4 spearman as reserve.

But I need to check wood: each village has 60 wood (except Madrid 85, Cordoba 75). Building 4 spearman costs 60 wood, so I can only build 4 if I have 60. Madrid has 85, so I can build 5 (75 wood). Cordoba has 75, so I can build 5 (75 wood). But Cordoba is interior, not border. I might not need to build there immediately.

I'll build in border villages and those sending troops.

Let's list all my villages and their wood:
[0] Lisboa: 60 -> build 4 spearman
[1] Santarem: 60 -> build 4 spearman
[2] Evora: 60 -> build 4 spearman
[3] Coimbra: 60 -> build 4 spearman
[4] Badajoz: 60 -> build 4 spearman
[5] Faro: 60 -> build 4 spearman
[6] Porto: 60 -> build 4 spearman
[7] Salamanca: 60 -> build 4 spearman (but I'm sending 5, so I need to build 5? I only have 60 wood, so I can only build 4. I can send 4 instead of 5.)
[8] Toledo: 60 -> build 4 spearman
[9] Sevilha: 60 -> build 4 spearman
[10] Vigo: 60 -> build 4 spearman
[11] Cordoba: 75 -> build 5 spearman
[12] Madrid: 85 -> build 5 spearman
[14] Burgos: 60 -> build 4 spearman
[15] Murcia: 60 -> build 4 spearman
[19] Pamplona: 60 -> build 4 spearman

But I don't need to build in all of them. I'll build in the ones that are active or border.

I'll build in:
- [7] Salamanca: 4 spearman (since I'm sending 4 to Madrid)
- [8] Toledo: 4 spearman
- [12] Madrid: 5 spearman
- [15] Murcia: 4 spearman
- [19] Pamplona: 4 spearman

That's 21 spearman built. My current army is 185. I'm sending 4+8+4=16 spearman. So I'll have 185 - 16 + 21 = 190 next turn. That's fine.

I should also consider building archers or knights? I have iron. But spearmen are good against knights, and the enemy seems to have many knights (Teruel has 14 knights, Zaragoza 8, Valencia 2, Huesca 2). So spearmen are effective.

Now, let's write the JSON.

Note: The "build" field expects a list of objects with villageId, type, quantity. The "movements" field expects a list with fromId, toId, troops (object with spearman, archer, knight).

I need to make sure I only send troops that are available. The report says "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" for each village. I'll double-check:
- [15] Murcia: 4 spearman, 3 archer, 1 knight. I'll send 4 spearman.
- [19] Pamplona: 8 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. I'll send 8 spearman.
- [7] Salamanca: 12 spearman, 12 archer, 2 knight. I'll send 4 spearman to Madrid.

That's all.

Now, plan and statement.

Plan: "Capture Valencia and Huesca to reach 18 villages. Send spearmen from Murcia and Pamplona. Reinforce Madrid from Salamanca. Build more spearmen in border villages. Avoid attacking strong enemy fortifications. Watch for enemy movements."

Statement: "I am sending my forces to capture the weakly defended enemy villages of Valencia and Huesca. These captures will bring me to 18 villages, meeting the victory condition. I am also reinforcing my borders and building more troops to prepare for further expansion."

Let's format the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":15,"destinoId":16,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":19,"destinoId":20,"tropas":{"lanceiro":8,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":7,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [8]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [8]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [8]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [8]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [12]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [12]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [12]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [12]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [12]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [15]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [15]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [15]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [15]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO envio [15]->[16]: 4S
ACEITO envio [19]->[20]: 8S
ACEITO envio [7]->[12]: 4S
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Focus on capturing the weakly defended enemy villages Valencia [16] and Huesca [20] to reach the 18-village threshold. Send spearmen from Murcia and Pamplona, as spearmen counter the knights garrisoning those villages. Reinforce Madrid from Salamanca to protect the border against Zaragoza. Build additional spearmen in border villages to replenish losses and maintain defensive strength. Avoid attacking heavily fortified targets like Teruel and Zaragoza for now. Monitor for enemy army movements and be ready to defend.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): I am launching a targeted offensive against the enemy's weakest outposts: Valencia and Huesca. With these captures, I will hold 18 villages and secure the 75% control needed for victory. My spearmen are marching now, and I am reinforcing Madrid to guard against counterattacks. The enemy capital may be formidable, but I will win by expanding my territory steadily.
########## TURNO 19 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4155 | resposta 12589 | raciocinio 9227 | finish stop | ms 150780
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 17, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 5, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 6}},\n    {\"fromId\": 13, \"toId\": 8, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 22, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 14}},\n    {\"fromId\": 18, \"toId\": 16, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 23, \"toId\": 20, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 2}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"My campaign focuses on breaking the enemy's western and central fronts simultaneously. This turn, I launch a decisive double strike: Zaragoza captures Madrid, opening the path to the west, while Teruel destroys Toledo, securing my southern flank and opening the route to Badajoz and Cordoba. In parallel, I reinforce my border villages of Valencia and Huesca to deter enemy counter-attacks, and continue building knights in all my villages to maintain momentum. Next turn, I will push west from Madrid towards Salamanca and Burgos, and south from Toledo to clear the remaining enemy villages.\",\n  \"statement\": \"Order the armies of Zaragoza and Teruel to strike Madrid and Toledo. The enemy's defenses at Madrid are weak, and Toledo, though heavily fortified, must fall to my superior numbers. Simultaneously, knights from Girona and Castellon march to Huesca and Valencia to strengthen our borders. All villages are set to produce knights, ensuring our cavalry remains dominant. The road to Lisbon begins with these victories!\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B and provide orders for the current turn (Turn 19) in a JSON format, along with a "plan" and a "statement".

Let's analyze the state of the game:
- I hold 8 of 24 villages (need 18 for 2 consecutive turns to win, or eliminate all enemy villages).
- Enemy is King A.
- My villages:
  - Barcelona [22]: 4 troops (2 spearman, 2 knight). Capital.
  - Tarragona [21]: 2 troops (2 knight).
  - Girona [23]: 4 troops (2 spearman, 2 knight).
  - Castellon [18]: 2 troops (2 knight).
  - Zaragoza [17]: 15 troops (7 spearman, 8 knight). Border.
  - Huesca [20]: 2 troops (2 knight). Border.
  - Valencia [16]: 2 troops (2 knight). Border.
  - Teruel [13]: 38 troops (22 spearman, 2 archer, 14 knight). Border. Effective defense 95.
- Enemy villages visible:
  - Madrid [12]: 5 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Def 18.
  - Murcia [15]: 4 spearman, 3 archers, 1 knight. Def 20.
  - Pamplona [19]: 8 spearman. Def 20.
  - Toledo [8]: 17 spearman, 8 archers. Def 63.
- Known from before:
  - Burgos [14]: enemy, 10 spearman, 3 archers.
  - Salamanca [7]: enemy, 6 spearman, 8 archers, 1 knight.
  - Cordoba [11]: enemy, 7 spearman, 6 archers, 1 knight.
- Unexplored: Lisboa [0] (enemy capital), Santarem [1], Evora [2], Coimbra [3], Badajoz [4], Porto [6], Vigo [10], Sevilha [9], Faro [5].

Let's look at the troop counts and resources:
My total troops at home: 69 (33 spearman, 2 archer, 34 knight).
Available to send:
- Zaragoza [17]: 7 spearman, 8 knight. (Attack power 39).
- Teruel [13]: 22 spearman, 2 archer, 14 knight. (Attack power 82).
- Barcelona [22]: 2 spearman, 2 knight.
- Tarragona [21]: 2 knight.
- Girona [23]: 2 spearman, 2 knight.
- Castellon [18]: 2 knight.
- Huesca [20]: 2 knight.
- Valencia [16]: 2 knight.

Let's look at the economy:
Each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron.
Costs:
- spearman: 15 wood
- archer: 20 wood, 10 iron
- knight: 30 wood, 30 iron

Let's check the resource stockpiles of my villages:
- Barcelona: wood 60, iron 80. Can build knights (30 wood, 30 iron). Can build archers (20 wood, 10 iron). Can build spearmen (15 wood).
- Tarragona: wood 60, iron 70.
- Girona: wood 60, iron 70.
- Castellon: wood 60, iron 80.
- Zaragoza: wood 60, iron 50. Can build knights (needs 30 wood, 30 iron). 2 knights would cost 60 wood, 60 iron (not enough iron). 1 knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Can build archers (20 wood, 10 iron).
- Huesca: wood 60, iron 70.
- Valencia: wood 60, iron 40. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or archers/spearmen.
- Teruel: wood 60, iron 60. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) or 1 knight and some archers/spearmen.

Wait, the prompt says: "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."
Let's calculate builds for each village:
- Barcelona [22]: wood 60, iron 80.
  - Knights: 30 wood, 30 iron. Max 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Remaining: 0 wood, 20 iron.
  - Archers: 20 wood, 10 iron.
  - Spearmen: 15 wood.
  Let's build 2 knights.
- Tarragona [21]: wood 60, iron 70.
  - 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
- Girona [23]: wood 60, iron 70.
  - 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
- Castellon [18]: wood 60, iron 80.
  - 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
- Zaragoza [17]: wood 60, iron 50.
  - 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: 30 wood, 20 iron.
  - 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) - wait, 30 wood is not enough for 2 archers. 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Remaining: 10 wood, 10 iron.
  - Or 2 spearmen (30 wood). Remaining: 0 wood, 50 iron.
  Let's build 1 knight, 1 archer, 1 spearman? 30+20+15 = 65 wood (not enough).
  Let's build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 2 spearmen (30 wood) -> total 60 wood, 30 iron. Yes!
- Huesca [20]: wood 60, iron 70.
  - 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
- Valencia [16]: wood 60, iron 40.
  - 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: 30 wood, 10 iron.
  - 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Remaining: 10 wood, 0 iron.
  - Total: 1 knight, 1 archer (50 wood, 40 iron). Yes!
- Teruel [13]: wood 60, iron 60.
  - 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).

Let's look at the strategic situation.
I need to capture more villages. I have 8, need 18.
The enemy has: Madrid [12], Murcia [15], Pamplona [19], Toledo [8], Burgos [14], Salamanca [7], Cordoba [11], Lisboa [0], Santarem [1], Evora [2], Coimbra [3], Badajoz [4], Porto [6], Vigo [10], Sevilha [9], Faro [5]. That's 16 enemy villages. Total 24.
My villages: 8.
Enemy villages: 16.
Neutral villages: 0? Wait, the prompt says "neutral villages harden with time", but the list of unexplored might contain some neutral ones, or maybe they are all enemy. The prompt says "The enemy capital is the hardest single target on the map; taking it is NOT required to win. The same holds for YOUR capital...".
Let's look at the map.
My front line:
- Zaragoza [17] faces Madrid [12] and Pamplona [19].
- Huesca [20] faces Pamplona [19].
- Valencia [16] faces Murcia [15].
- Teruel [13] faces Toledo [8].

Toledo [8] has a huge defense (63) and 25 troops (17 spearman, 8 archer).
Madrid [12] has defense 18 and 7 troops.
Pamplona [19] has defense 20 and 8 spearmen.
Murcia [15] has defense 20 and 8 troops.

If I attack Madrid [12] from Zaragoza [17]:
Zaragoza has 7 spearman, 8 knight. Attack power: 7*1 + 8*4 = 39. Most numerous: tie between spearman and knight? Wait, "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight". So spearman is most numerous. No counter bonus.
If I send all 15 troops: 7 spearman, 8 knight.
Enemy Madrid: 5 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous: spearman. No counter bonus.
Effective force attacker: 39.
Effective force defender: 5*2 + 1*2 + 1*2 = 14? Wait, defense values: spearman 2, archer 2, knight 2. Location bonus included in effective defense is 18.
So defender effective force = 18.
Attacker effective force = 39. Attacker wins.
But wait, "The LOSER is destroyed entirely - this includes an attacker that fails against a village. The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself."
Loser effective force = 18. Winner loses half of 18 = 9 effective force.
How is it spread over troop types? "that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself."
Wait, "spread over its troop types". Usually, it means the loser's troops are killed, and the winner loses half the value of the loser's troops.
Loser is defender, so defender's troops are destroyed. Winner loses half of loser's effective force in troops. Loser's effective force is 18. Half is 9. Winner loses troops worth 9 attack power? Or defense power?
"The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types"
If loser's effective force is 18, half is 9. The winner loses some troops. Since the loser had 5 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight, the winner might lose some of those types? No, "spread over its troop types" means the winner's own troop types.
Actually, the exact mechanics of loss distribution can be complex, but the main point is: I will win Madrid [12] if I attack with all 15 troops from Zaragoza.
But wait, if I attack Madrid, what about Pamplona [19]? Pamplona is also connected to Zaragoza. If I attack Madrid, can the enemy attack Zaragoza? Yes, the enemy can attack Zaragoza from Madrid or Pamplona. But if I conquer Madrid, the enemy in Madrid is destroyed.
Wait, "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination."
If I order Zaragoza -> Madrid, it's 1 fast turn. So it arrives and fights on turn 20.
Let's check the march distance: "march from [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So knights arrive in 1 turn, spearmen in 1 slow turn? Wait, "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast? No, usually it's "X slow / Y medium / Z fast turns", meaning X turns for slow troops, Y for medium, Z for fast. Here it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns", so all take 1 turn.
Wait, "march from [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Pamplona. So Pamplona is 2 turns for spearmen, 1 turn for knights/archers.

Let's look at Teruel [13] -> Toledo [8]: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".
Teruel has 38 troops (22 spearman, 2 archer, 14 knight). Attack power: 22*1 + 2*2 + 14*4 = 22 + 4 + 56 = 82.
Toledo has 17 spearman, 8 archer. Def 63.
If I attack with all 38 troops: attack power 82. Defender effective defense 63. Attacker wins.
But Toledo is the enemy capital? No, Lisboa [0] is the enemy capital. Toledo is just a village with high defense.
Wait, "The enemy capital is the hardest single target on the map; taking it is NOT required to win." So Toledo is not the capital, but it has 63 defense.
If I attack Toledo, I will win but lose some troops.

Let's think about the best move this turn.
I want to capture Madrid [12] and maybe Murcia [15] or Pamplona [19].
If I attack Madrid from Zaragoza with 7 spearman, 8 knight:
Attack power = 39. Madrid defense = 18. Win.
If I attack Pamplona from Zaragoza with 7 spearman, 8 knight:
Pamplona has 8 spearman, def 20. Attack power 39 > 20. Win.
If I attack Murcia from Valencia with 2 knight:
Attack power = 8. Murcia def 20. Lose!
If I attack Pamplona from Huesca with 2 knight:
Attack power = 8. Pamplona def 20. Lose.
If I attack Toledo from Teruel with 22 spearman, 2 archer, 14 knight:
Attack power = 82. Toledo def 63. Win.

Let's look at the map connectivity.
If I take Madrid [12], I open the path to Salamanca [7], Burgos [14], and further west.
If I take Pamplona [19], I open the path to Burgos [14].
If I take Murcia [15], I open the path to Cordoba [11].
If I take Toledo [8], I open the path to Badajoz [4], Cordoba [11], Madrid [12].

Let's look at the "FRONT MAP" again.
Zaragoza [17] faces Madrid [12] and Pamplona [19].
Teruel [13] faces Toledo [8].
Valencia [16] faces Murcia [15].
Huesca [20] faces Pamplona [19].

I should launch multiple attacks to expand my territory.
Let's attack Madrid [12] from Zaragoza [17] with 7 spearman, 8 knight.
Let's attack Toledo [8] from Teruel [13] with 22 spearman, 2 archer, 14 knight.
Wait, if I attack Toledo, I leave Teruel almost empty (only 0 troops left? 38 - 38 = 0). But Teruel has defense 95, so it's safe for now unless the enemy attacks it. But the enemy in Toledo is destroyed if I attack it, so they can't attack Teruel from Toledo. The only other enemy near Teruel is Murcia [15] or Cordoba [11]. But Murcia is far, and Cordoba is behind Murcia.
Wait, if I attack Toledo, the army from Teruel marches to Toledo. It takes 1 turn. On turn 20, it arrives and fights. The enemy in Toledo is destroyed. The surviving attackers stay in Toledo as the new garrison.
So Toledo becomes mine!
What about Madrid? Army from Zaragoza marches to Madrid. Takes 1 turn. Arrives on turn 20, fights, wins, Madrid becomes mine.
What about Pamplona? If I don't attack it, the enemy in Pamplona can attack Zaragoza or Huesca.
Pamplona has 8 spearmen. Zaragoza has 15 troops. Huesca has 2 troops.
If Pamplona attacks Zaragoza: Pamplona is 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns from Zaragoza. So knights from Pamplona would take 1 turn, spearmen 2 turns.
If Pamplona attacks Huesca: Huesca is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns from Pamplona.
But the enemy writes their orders at the same time as me, over the same snapshot. So they don't know I am attacking Madrid or Toledo.
However, if I attack Madrid, the enemy in Madrid is occupied and cannot attack. But the enemy in Pamplona can still attack Zaragoza or Huesca.
To secure my northern flank, maybe I should attack Pamplona from Zaragoza instead of Madrid?
If I attack Pamplona from Zaragoza: march is 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So knights take 1 turn, spearmen 2 turns.
Wait, if I send 7 spearman, 8 knight to Pamplona, the spearman take 2 turns, knights take 1 turn. They arrive at different times?
"A MIXED army marches at the speed of its SLOWEST troop."
So the whole army takes 2 turns (slow speed) to reach Pamplona!
If it takes 2 turns, the enemy has 1 turn to react or reinforce.
If I attack Madrid, it takes 1 turn for all troops (since it's 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns). So the whole army arrives in 1 turn.
Attacking Madrid is faster and easier (def 18 vs def 20).
But if I attack Madrid, Pamplona is still there. The enemy in Pamplona can attack Zaragoza.
Let's check the march distance from Pamplona to Zaragoza: "march from [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Pamplona. So from Pamplona to Zaragoza is the same: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
If the enemy in Pamplona (8 spearmen) attacks Zaragoza, they take 2 turns to arrive (since they are all spearmen, slow speed).
So they would arrive on turn 21.
My attack on Madrid arrives on turn 20. So I conquer Madrid on turn 20. The enemy in Madrid is gone.
On turn 20, the enemy in Pamplona might have ordered an attack on Zaragoza. It arrives on turn 21.
On turn 20, I can reinforce Zaragoza from Barcelona or Tarragona.
Barcelona to Zaragoza: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So knights take 1 turn, spearmen 2 turns.
Tarragona to Zaragoza: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So all take 1 turn.
So I can send troops from Tarragona to Zaragoza to defend it.
Tarragona has 2 knight. I can send them to Zaragoza. They arrive in 1 turn (on turn 20).
Zaragoza already has 15 troops. If I send 2 knight, it will have 17 troops.
But wait, if I attack Madrid with 7 spearman, 8 knight, Zaragoza is left with 0 troops!
Ah! "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 7 spearman, 0 archer, 8 knight".
If I send all of them, Zaragoza has 0 troops at home.
If the enemy attacks Zaragoza with 8 spearmen, and Zaragoza has 0 troops, the enemy will conquer Zaragoza!
Wait, "effective defense (location bonus included): 38". But with 0 troops, the defense is just the village wall? No, "effective defense" is the defense of the troops at home plus the location bonus.
If there are 0 troops, the effective defense is just the location bonus?
Let's check the formula: "effective defense (location bonus included): 38 | troops at home: 15".
If troops at home are 15 (7 spearman, 8 knight), their defense is 7*2 + 8*2 = 30. Location bonus is 8? 30 + 8 = 38.
If troops at home are 0, defense is just the location bonus, which is probably around 8 or 10.
8 spearmen have attack power 8. They would easily conquer Zaragoza if it has 0 troops.
So I should NOT send all troops from Zaragoza if I want to defend it.
But wait, if I conquer Madrid, the surviving attackers stay there as the new garrison.
"The side with the HIGHER effective force wins... The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force... A defender that holds its village loses troops the same way."
If I attack Madrid with 15 troops (attack 39), Madrid defender has 18 effective defense.
I win. Loser (Madrid) is destroyed entirely. Winner (my army) loses troops worth half of 18 = 9 effective force.
How many troops do I lose?
Loser had 5 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Effective defense 18.
Half of 18 is 9.
My army had 7 spearman, 8 knight. Attack power 39.
I lose some troops. Let's say I lose 3 spearman and 1 knight (attack power 3 + 4 = 7, or defense power 6 + 2 = 8).
So I might have 4 spearman, 7 knight left.
These surviving attackers stay in Madrid as the new garrison.
So Madrid will have some troops, and Zaragoza will have 0 troops.
If Zaragoza has 0 troops, and the enemy attacks it from Pamplona (8 spearmen), Zaragoza will fall.
So I need to leave some troops in Zaragoza, or reinforce it.
If I leave 2 spearman, 2 knight in Zaragoza, and send 5 spearman, 6 knight to Madrid.
Attack power of 5 spearman, 6 knight = 5 + 24 = 29.
Madrid defense = 18. Still win.
Zaragoza left with 2 spearman, 2 knight (defense 8). Enemy 8 spearmen (attack 8).
If enemy attacks Zaragoza: attacker attack 8, defender defense 8 + location bonus (let's say 8) = 16. Defender wins!
So leaving 2 spearman, 2 knight in Zaragoza is enough to defend it against 8 spearmen from Pamplona.
But wait, can I attack Madrid from Zaragoza and also attack Pamplona from Huesca?
Huesca has 2 knight. Attack power 8. Pamplona def 20. Lose.
What if I send troops from Barcelona to Huesca to reinforce it, then attack Pamplona?
Barcelona to Huesca: Barcelona -> Girona -> Huesca? No, road network:
Barcelona [22] is connected to Tarragona [21] and Girona [23].
Girona [23] is connected to Huesca [20].
So Barcelona -> Girona -> Huesca.
March distance: Barcelona to Girona is 1 turn? Let's check "from here to your nearest border village [20] Huesca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Girona.
Barcelona to Girona: "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Barcelona. Wait, Barcelona to Zaragoza is via Tarragona.
Let's look at the road network:
[22] Barcelona - [21], [23]
[21] Tarragona - [17], [18], [22]
[23] Girona - [20], [22]
[20] Huesca - [17], [19], [23]
So Barcelona to Huesca: [22] -> [23] -> [20]. 2 steps.
Barcelona to Zaragoza: [22] -> [21] -> [17]. 2 steps.
March distances:
Barcelona to Zaragoza: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So knights take 1 turn, spearmen 2 turns.
Barcelona to Girona: probably 1 turn.
Girona to Huesca: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".
So Barcelona to Huesca would take 2 turns for slow, 2 turns for medium, 2 turns for fast? Or 1+1=2 turns for fast.
If I send troops from Barcelona to Huesca, they take 2 turns to arrive. Too slow to help this turn.

Let's focus on the immediate turn.
I want to capture Madrid [12] and Toledo [8].
To capture Madrid, I need to send troops from Zaragoza.
To capture Toledo, I need to send troops from Teruel.
Let's calculate the exact troop sends.

For Madrid [12]:
From Zaragoza [17], I have 7 spearman, 8 knight.
If I send 5 spearman, 6 knight:
Attack power = 5*1 + 6*4 = 29.
Madrid defense = 18.
Winner loses half of 18 = 9 effective force.
My army loses some troops, say 2 spearman, 2 knight (defense 4+4=8). Remaining: 3 spearman, 4 knight.
These 7 troops stay in Madrid.
Zaragoza is left with 2 spearman, 2 knight.
Zaragoza defense: 2*2 + 2*2 = 8 + location bonus (8) = 16.
Enemy in Pamplona has 8 spearmen (attack 8). If they attack Zaragoza, they lose.
What if the enemy in Pamplona attacks Huesca?
Huesca has 2 knight (defense 4 + location bonus). Pamplona 8 spearmen (attack 8). Huesca would fall.
But Huesca is not critical yet.

For Toledo [8]:
From Teruel [13], I have 22 spearman, 2 archer, 14 knight.
Toledo defense = 63.
If I send all 38 troops: attack power = 22 + 4 + 56 = 82.
Winner loses half of 63 = 31.5 effective force.
My army loses a lot of troops, but Toledo is conquered.
Teruel is left with 0 troops. But Teruel has defense 95 (with 38 troops). With 0 troops, defense is just location bonus (maybe 15-20). Is it safe?
The only enemy near Teruel is Toledo (which is destroyed) and Murcia [15] / Cordoba [11].
Murcia is connected to Valencia [16] and Cordoba [11]. Not directly to Teruel.
Cordoba [11] is connected to Toledo [8], Murcia [15], Sevilha [9]. Not directly to Teruel.
So Teruel is safe from immediate attack because no enemy village is directly connected to Teruel except Toledo [8] (which I am destroying) and Valencia [16] (mine), Castellon [18] (mine), Zaragoza [17] (mine).
Wait, road network for Teruel [13]: [8], [16], [17], [18].
All of these are either mine or Toledo (enemy).
So if I destroy Toledo, Teruel is completely surrounded by my villages!
Thus, leaving Teruel with 0 troops is perfectly safe.
So I can send all 38 troops from Teruel to Toledo.

Let's check if I can build any troops this turn.
My villages:
- Barcelona [22]: wood 60, iron 80. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
- Tarragona [21]: wood 60, iron 70. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
- Girona [23]: wood 60, iron 70. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
- Castellon [18]: wood 60, iron 80. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
- Zaragoza [17]: wood 60, iron 50. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron), 2 spearmen (30 wood). Total 60 wood, 30 iron.
- Huesca [20]: wood 60, iron 70. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
- Valencia [16]: wood 60, iron 40. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron), 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Total 50 wood, 40 iron.
- Teruel [13]: wood 60, iron 60. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).

Let's build knights everywhere to increase my mobile force.
Wait, the cap per village is 300 troops. Currently I have very few troops at home (max 38 in Teruel).
So building knights is good.
Let's write down the build orders:
- Barcelona [22]: 2 knights
- Tarragona [21]: 2 knights
- Girona [23]: 2 knights
- Castellon [18]: 2 knights
- Zaragoza [17]: 1 knight, 2 spearmen (or just 1 knight, 1 archer? 1 knight 30w 30i, 1 archer 20w 10i. Total 50w 40i. I have 60w 50i. So 1 knight, 1 archer, 1 spearman? 30+20+15 = 65w (not enough). So 1 knight, 1 archer is good. Or 1 knight, 2 spearmen (30+30=60w, 30i). Let's do 1 knight, 2 spearmen to have more troops for defense).
- Huesca [20]: 2 knights
- Valencia [16]: 1 knight, 1 archer
- Teruel [13]: 2 knights

Let's double check the resources for Zaragoza:
wood 60, iron 50.
1 knight: 30 wood, 30 iron.
2 spearmen: 30 wood, 0 iron.
Total: 60 wood, 30 iron. Fits perfectly.

Valencia: wood 60, iron 40.
1 knight: 30 wood, 30 iron.
1 archer: 20 wood, 10 iron.
Total: 50 wood, 40 iron. Fits perfectly.

Teruel: wood 60, iron 60.
2 knights: 60 wood, 60 iron. Fits perfectly.

Now, movements:
1. Zaragoza [17] -> Madrid [12]: 5 spearman, 6 knight.
2. Teruel [13] -> Toledo [8]: 22 spearman, 2 archer, 14 knight.

Wait, should I also attack Pamplona [19]?
If I attack Pamplona from Zaragoza, I need to split my forces.
If I split: some to Madrid, some to Pamplona.
Madrid is 1 turn away, Pamplona is 2 turns away (for spearmen).
If I send 5 spearman, 6 knight to Madrid, and 2 spearman, 2 knight to Pamplona.
Zaragoza is left with 0 spearman, 0 knight.
Then Zaragoza has 0 troops. Enemy from Pamplona (8 spearmen) can attack Zaragoza and conquer it.
So I should not split to attack Pamplona this turn unless I leave enough defense in Zaragoza.
If I leave 2 spearman, 2 knight in Zaragoza, I can only send 5 spearman, 6 knight.
Can I send 5 spearman, 6 knight to Madrid, and 0 to Pamplona? Yes.
What if I send 2 spearman, 2 knight to Pamplona? They would take 2 turns to arrive (since mixed army, slowest is spearman).
But then Zaragoza has 0 troops. Enemy attacks Zaragoza, conquers it.
So I should NOT attack Pamplona this turn. Focus on Madrid and Toledo.

Let's check if I should send any reinforcements to my other villages.
Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Castellon, Huesca, Valencia are all interior or rear.
Huesca and Valencia are border, but they face Pamplona and Murcia respectively.
Huesca has 2 knight. Murcia has 8 troops (def 20). Valencia has 2 knight. Murcia def 20.
If the enemy attacks Valencia from Murcia: Murcia has 4 spearman, 3 archers, 1 knight. Attack power = 4*1 + 3*2 + 1*4 = 14. Most numerous: spearman (4). No counter.
Valencia has 2 knight (defense 4 + location bonus). Effective defense is 5.
Attacker attack 14 > defender defense 5. Valencia would fall.
So I should reinforce Valencia or Huesca?
But I don't have troops nearby to send quickly.
Castellon is near Valencia: Castellon -> Valencia is 1 turn.
Castellon has 2 knight. I can send them to Valencia to reinforce.
If I send 2 knight from Castellon to Valencia, Valencia will have 4 knight.
Defense of 4 knight = 8 + location bonus (say 5) = 13.
Murcia attack = 14. Still close, but better.
Let's send 2 knight from Castellon [18] to Valencia [16].
Wait, Castellon is also a border village? No, Castellon is INTERIOR. "nearest front village [16] Valencia".
So Castellon is safe. Sending its troops to Valencia is fine.
What about Girona -> Huesca?
Girona has 2 spearman, 2 knight. Huesca has 2 knight.
If I send 2 knight from Girona to Huesca, Huesca has 4 knight.
Pamplona has 8 spearmen (attack 8). Huesca defense with 4 knight = 8 + location bonus. easily holds.
Let's send 2 knight from Girona [23] to Huesca [20].
Wait, Girona to Huesca is 1 turn.
Let's check the march distance: "from here to your nearest border village [20] Huesca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Girona.
So knights take 1 turn.
This is a good defensive move.

Let's review the movements:
1. Zaragoza [17] -> Madrid [12]: 5 spearman, 6 knight.
2. Teruel [13] -> Toledo [8]: 22 spearman, 2 archer, 14 knight.
3. Castellon [18] -> Valencia [16]: 2 knight.
4. Girona [23] -> Huesca [20]: 2 knight.

Wait, if I send 2 knight from Castellon to Valencia, Castellon has 0 troops. But Castellon is interior, so it's safe.
If I send 2 knight from Girona to Huesca, Girona has 2 spearman left. Safe.

Let's check if I can send troops from Barcelona or Tarragona to Zaragoza to reinforce it, since Zaragoza will have only 2 spearman, 2 knight after sending 5 spearman, 6 knight to Madrid.
Zaragoza defense with 2 spearman, 2 knight = 8 + location bonus (8) = 16.
Enemy in Pamplona has 8 spearmen (attack 8). If they attack Zaragoza, they lose.
But what if the enemy in Madrid (before I attack) attacks Zaragoza? They can't, Madrid is 1 turn away, but they are the defender. They can only attack if they order it. But they are in Madrid, they can attack Zaragoza.
If Madrid attacks Zaragoza: Madrid has 5 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Attack power = 5 + 2 + 4 = 11.
Zaragoza defense with 2 spearman, 2 knight = 8 + 8 = 16. Defender wins.
So Zaragoza is safe even with 2 spearman, 2 knight.
So I don't need to reinforce it this turn.

Let's double check the troop counts for the attacks.
Zaragoza has 7 spearman, 8 knight.
I send 5 spearman, 6 knight to Madrid.
Remaining in Zaragoza: 2 spearman, 2 knight.
Teruel has 22 spearman, 2 archer, 14 knight.
I send all 38 to Toledo.
Remaining in Teruel: 0.

Let's calculate the battle of Madrid:
Attacker: 5 spearman, 6 knight. Attack power = 5*1 + 6*4 = 29.
Most numerous: knight (6). Knight counters archer. Enemy has 1 archer. But the counter rule says: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
Attacker most numerous: knight. Defender most numerous: spearman (5).
Knight vs spearman: knight does not counter spearman. Spearman counters knight? No, "spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer."
So knight vs spearman: no counter.
Attacker most numerous: knight. Defender most numerous: spearman. No counter bonus.
Effective force attacker = 29.
Defender: 5 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Effective defense = 18 (given in report).
Attacker wins (29 > 18).
Winner loses half of loser's effective force = 9.
Loser (Madrid) is destroyed.
Winner loses some troops. Let's say 2 spearman, 1 knight (defense 4+2=6, or attack 2+4=6). Remaining: 3 spearman, 5 knight.
These stay in Madrid.

Battle of Toledo:
Attacker: 22 spearman, 2 archer, 14 knight. Attack power = 22 + 4 + 56 = 82.
Most numerous: spearman (22). Defender most numerous: spearman (17).
Spearman vs spearman: no counter.
Effective force attacker = 82.
Defender: 17 spearman, 8 archer. Effective defense = 63 (given in report).
Attacker wins (82 > 63).
Winner loses half of loser's effective force = 31.5.
Loser (Toledo) is destroyed.
Winner loses a significant number of troops, but Toledo is conquered.
Remaining troops in Toledo: maybe 12 spearman, 1 archer, 10 knight? Enough to hold.

Let's check the build orders again.
Can I build anything in Madrid or Toledo this turn? No, they are enemy villages, I can only build in my own.
My villages:
Barcelona [22]: build 2 knights.
Tarragona [21]: build 2 knights.
Girona [23]: build 2 knights.
Castellon [18]: build 2 knights. (Wait, I am sending 2 knights from Castellon to Valencia. So Castellon will have 0 knights at home, but I build 2 new ones. They will arrive next turn. The build happens this turn, so next turn Castellon has 2 knights. The sent ones arrive this turn? No, Castellon -> Valencia is 1 turn. So the sent ones arrive on turn 20. The built ones will be ready on turn 20 as well. So on turn 20, Castellon has 2 knights, Valencia has 2 (original) + 2 (sent) = 4 knights. This is perfect.)
Zaragoza [17]: build 1 knight, 2 spearmen.
Huesca [20]: build 2 knights. (I am sending 2 knights from Girona to Huesca. Huesca originally has 2 knights. After receiving, it has 4. Then I build 2 more, so next turn it has 6).
Valencia [16]: build 1 knight, 1 archer.
Teruel [13]: build 2 knights. (I am sending all troops to Toledo. So Teruel will have 0 troops this turn, but I build 2 knights. Next turn Teruel has 2 knights).

Let's verify the resources for Castellon:
wood 60, iron 80.
2 knights: 60 wood, 60 iron. Fits.

Girona:
wood 60, iron 70.
2 knights: 60 wood, 60 iron. Fits.

Huesca:
wood 60, iron 70.
2 knights: 60 wood, 60 iron. Fits.

Valencia:
wood 60, iron 40.
1 knight (30w, 30i), 1 archer (20w, 10i). Total 50w, 40i. Fits.

Zaragoza:
wood 60, iron 50.
1 knight (30w, 30i), 2 spearmen (30w, 0i). Total 60w, 30i. Fits.

Teruel:
wood 60, iron 60.
2 knights (60w, 60i). Fits.

Barcelona:
wood 60, iron 80.
2 knights (60w, 60i). Fits.

Tarragona:
wood 60, iron 70.
2 knights (60w, 60i). Fits.

Everything looks solid.

Let's write the "plan" and "statement".

Plan:
"My campaign focuses on breaking the enemy's western and central fronts simultaneously. This turn, I launch a decisive double strike: Zaragoza captures Madrid, opening the path to the west, while Teruel destroys Toledo, securing my southern flank and opening the route to Badajoz and Cordoba. In parallel, I reinforce my border villages of Valencia and Huesca to deter enemy counter-attacks, and continue building knights in all my villages to maintain momentum. Next turn, I will push west from Madrid towards Salamanca and Burgos, and south from Toledo to clear the remaining enemy villages."

Statement:
"Order the armies of Zaragoza and Teruel to strike Madrid and Toledo. The enemy's defenses at Madrid are weak, and Toledo, though heavily fortified, must fall to my superior numbers. Simultaneously, knights from Girona and Castellon march to Huesca and Valencia to strengthen our borders. All villages are set to produce knights, ensuring our cavalry remains dominant. The road to Lisbon begins with these victories!"

Let's check the JSON format.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 13, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 17, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 5, "knight": 6}},
    {"fromId": 13, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 22, "archer": 2, "knight": 14}},
    {"fromId": 18, "toId": 16, "troops": {"knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 23, "toId": 20, "troops": {"knight": 2}}
  ],
  "plan": "...",
  "statement": "..."
}

Wait, the prompt says: "Use only ids that appear in the report above."
IDs of my villages: 22, 21, 23, 18, 17, 20, 16, 13.
IDs of enemy villages: 12, 15, 19, 8, 14, 7, 11, 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 10, 9, 5.
My movements:
17 -> 12 (Madrid)
13 -> 8 (Toledo)
18 -> 16 (Valencia)
23 -> 20 (Huesca)
All valid.

Let's double check the troop counts for movements.
Zaragoza [17] has 7 spearman, 8 knight. I send 5 spearman, 6 knight. Valid.
Teruel [13] has 22 spearman, 2 archer, 14 knight. I send 22 spearman, 2 archer, 14 knight. Valid.
Castellon [18] has 2 knight. I send 2 knight. Valid.
Girona [23] has 2 spearman, 2 knight. I send 2 knight. Valid.

Let's check if I should send archers from Teruel to Toledo. Yes, I included them.
Let's check if I should build archers in Valencia. Yes, 1 archer.
Let's check if I should build spearmen in Zaragoza. Yes, 2 spearmen.

Is there any other village I can build in?
Barcelona: 2 knights.
Tarragona: 2 knights.
Girona: 2 knights.
Castellon: 2 knights.
Zaragoza: 1 knight, 2 spearmen.
Huesca: 2 knights.
Valencia: 1 knight, 1 archer.
Teruel: 2 knights.
Total builds: 15 knights, 3 spearmen, 1 archer.
This is a good mix.

Let's review the "plan" text length. "2 to 6 lines (anything past 600 characters is cut off)."
My plan text:
"My campaign focuses on breaking the enemy's western and central fronts simultaneously. This turn, I launch a decisive double strike: Zaragoza captures Madrid, opening the path to the west, while Teruel destroys Toledo, securing my southern flank and opening the route to Badajoz and Cordoba. In parallel, I reinforce my border villages of Valencia and Huesca to deter enemy counter-attacks, and continue building knights in all my villages to maintain momentum. Next turn, I will push west from Madrid towards Salamanca and Burgos, and south from Toledo to clear the remaining enemy villages."
This is about 4 lines, well under 600 characters.

Statement text:
"Order the armies of Zaragoza and Teruel to strike Madrid and Toledo. The enemy's defenses at Madrid are weak, and Toledo, though heavily fortified, must fall to my superior numbers. Simultaneously, knights from Girona and Castellon march to Huesca and Valencia to strengthen our borders. All villages are set to produce knights, ensuring our cavalry remains dominant. The road to Lisbon begins with these victories!"
This is 4 lines.

Let's do a final sanity check on the JSON structure.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 13, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 17, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 5, "archer": 0, "knight": 6}},
    {"fromId": 13, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 22, "archer": 2, "knight": 14}},
    {"fromId": 18, "toId": 16, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 23, "toId": 20, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}}
  ],
  "plan": "My campaign focuses on breaking the enemy's western and central fronts simultaneously. This turn, I launch a decisive double strike: Zaragoza captures Madrid, opening the path to the west, while Teruel destroys Toledo, securing my southern flank and opening the route to Badajoz and Cordoba. In parallel, I reinforce my border villages of Valencia and Huesca to deter enemy counter-attacks, and continue building knights in all my villages to maintain momentum. Next turn, I will push west from Madrid towards Salamanca and Burgos, and south from Toledo to clear the remaining enemy villages.",
  "statement": "Order the armies of Zaragoza and Teruel to strike Madrid and Toledo. The enemy's defenses at Madrid are weak, and Toledo, though heavily fortified, must fall to my superior numbers. Simultaneously, knights from Girona and Castellon march to Huesca and Valencia to strengthen our borders. All villages are set to produce knights, ensuring our cavalry remains dominant. The road to Lisbon begins with these victories!"
}

Wait, the prompt says: "troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}. I should include all three keys even if 0, or just the non-zero ones? The example says: "troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}. It's safer to include all three.
Let's adjust the movements JSON to include all three keys.

"movements": [
    {"fromId": 17, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 5, "archer": 0, "knight": 6}},
    {"fromId": 13, "toId": 8, "troops": {"spearman": 22, "archer": 2, "knight": 14}},
    {"fromId": 18, "toId": 16, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 23, "toId": 20, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}}
]

Looks perfect. I will output only the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"cavaleiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":17,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":5,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":6}},{"origemId":13,"destinoId":8,"tropas":{"lanceiro":22,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":14}},{"origemId":18,"destinoId":16,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":23,"destinoId":20,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":2}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [18]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [18]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [20]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [20]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [16]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [16]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [13]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [13]
ACEITO envio [17]->[12]: 5S+6K
ACEITO envio [13]->[8]: 22S+2A+14K
ACEITO envio [18]->[16]: 2K
ACEITO envio [23]->[20]: 2K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): My campaign focuses on breaking the enemy's western and central fronts simultaneously. This turn, I launch a decisive double strike: Zaragoza captures Madrid, opening the path to the west, while Teruel destroys Toledo, securing my southern flank and opening the route to Badajoz and Cordoba. In parallel, I reinforce my border villages of Valencia and Huesca to deter enemy counter-attacks, and continue building knights in all my villages to maintain momentum. Next turn, I will push west from Madrid towards Salamanca and Burgos, and south from Toledo to clear the remaining enemy villages.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): Order the armies of Zaragoza and Teruel to strike Madrid and Toledo. The enemy's defenses at Madrid are weak, and Toledo, though heavily fortified, must fall to my superior numbers. Simultaneously, knights from Girona and Castellon march to Huesca and Valencia to strengthen our borders. All villages are set to produce knights, ensuring our cavalry remains dominant. The road to Lisbon begins with these victories!
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 2S
placar: A 16 ald/tropas 169 | B 8 ald/tropas 16 | neutras 0 | transito 7 (A 3 | B 4)

########## TURNO 20 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4504 | resposta 15086 | raciocinio 11303 | finish stop | ms 186171
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 11, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 7},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 15, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 12, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 6}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 15, \"toId\": 16, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 7, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 12, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 9, \"toId\": 11, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 0}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Focus on capturing Valencia and Zaragoza to reach the 18-village threshold. Send all available troops from Murcia to Valencia. Send archers from Salamanca to Zaragoza to counter the enemy spearmen. Reinforce border villages Cordoba and Pamplona with troops from Sevilha and by building spearmen. Accept the loss of the 8 spearmen marching to Huesca as they cannot win alone.\",\n  \"statement\": \"I am launching a coordinated attack on Valencia and Zaragoza. My troops in Murcia are striking Valencia, while archers from Salamanca march on Zaragoza. The 8 spearmen heading to Huesca are a sacrifice to weaken the enemy garrison. I am reinforcing my border villages to prevent enemy counterattacks and building spearmen to replenish my forces.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A and provide a JSON response with orders for the next turn, along with a plan and a statement.

Let's analyze the current state:
- I hold 15 of 24 villages. I need 18 to win (75% for 2 consecutive turns), or eliminate every enemy village.
- Enemy capital is Barcelona [22], but taking it is NOT required to win.
- Enemy villages visible:
  - [8] Toledo: 12 spearmen, 1 archer, 8 knights, defense 53.
  - [17] Zaragoza: 4 spearmen, 3 knights, defense 18.
  - [16] Valencia: 1 archer, 4 knights, defense 13.
  - [20] Huesca: 6 knights, defense 15.
  - [13] Teruel (last seen): 22 spearmen, 2 archers, 14 knights.
- My villages:
  - [0] Lisboa: 17/300, 4 spear, 12 archer, 1 knight.
  - [1] Santarem: 10/300, 4 spear, 5 archer, 1 knight.
  - [2] Evora: 18/300, 12 spear, 6 archer.
  - [3] Coimbra: 5/300, 2 spear, 3 archer.
  - [4] Badajoz: 21/300, 12 spear, 9 archer.
  - [5] Faro: 13/300, 10 spear, 3 archer.
  - [6] Porto: 9/300, 3 spear, 6 archer.
  - [7] Salamanca: 26/300, 12 spear, 12 archer, 2 knight.
  - [10] Vigo: 5/300, 2 spear, 3 archer.
  - [9] Sevilha: 5/300, 2 spear, 3 archer.
  - [11] Cordoba: 3/300, 3 spear.
  - [12] Madrid: 13/300, 11 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight.
  - [14] Burgos: 5/300, 2 spear, 3 archer.
  - [15] Murcia: 8/300, 4 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight.
  - [19] Pamplona: 4/300, 4 spear. (8 spearmen already marching out to [20] Huesca).

Let's look at the marches:
- 8 spearmen from [19] Pamplona to [20] Huesca, arrives in 1 turn (this turn).
- Enemy has no sighted armies on the march.

Let's evaluate the targets:
- [16] Valencia: defense 13, garrison 1 archer, 4 knights. March from [15] Murcia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [20] Huesca: defense 15, garrison 6 knights. March from [19] Pamplona: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns (but 8 spearmen are already marching there, arriving in 1 turn).
- [17] Zaragoza: defense 18, garrison 4 spearmen, 3 knights. March from [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [8] Toledo: defense 53, heavily fortified.

Let's check the counter triangle:
- Spearman counters knight.
- Archer counters spearman.
- Knight counters archer.

If I attack [16] Valencia with spearmen, they counter the knights (4 knights, 1 archer).
If I attack [20] Huesca with spearmen, they counter the knights (6 knights).
If I attack [17] Zaragoza with archers, they counter the spearmen (4 spearmen, 3 knights).

Let's look at my available troops near the targets:
- [15] Murcia: 4 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight. Can send to [16] Valencia (1 turn).
- [19] Pamplona: 4 spear available, 8 spear already marching to [20] Huesca.
- [12] Madrid: 11 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight. Can send to [17] Zaragoza (1 turn) or [8] Toledo (1 turn).
- [7] Salamanca: 12 spear, 12 archer, 2 knight. Can send to [12] Madrid (1 turn) or [4] Badajoz (1 turn).

Let's think about the plan:
- I need to capture [16] Valencia, [20] Huesca, and [17] Zaragoza to get to 18 villages.
- Currently, I have 15. Capturing 3 more gets me to 18.
- Let's check the enemy villages: [8] Toledo, [17] Zaragoza, [16] Valencia, [20] Huesca, [13] Teruel, [22] Barcelona, [23] Girona, [21] Tarragona, [18] Castellon. Total enemy villages: 9. If I capture 3, I have 18, enemy has 6.
- Let's focus on the weak ones: [16] Valencia, [20] Huesca, [17] Zaragoza.
- [16] Valencia has 1 archer, 4 knights. Defense 13. If I send 4 spear from [15] Murcia, they will fight the garrison. But wait, the garrison is 1 archer, 4 knights. My 4 spearmen have attack 4, defense 8. The enemy has 4 knights (attack 16, defense 8) and 1 archer (attack 2, defense 2). The most numerous type is knight (4) vs spearman (4). Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight -> spearman wins the tie, so the counter matchup is spearman vs knight. Spearman counters knight, so my force is multiplied by 1.5. Effective attack: 4 * 1.5 = 6. Enemy defense: 8 (knights) + 2 (archer) = 10? No, the most numerous type sets the counter matchup. The defender's most numerous type is knight (4). The attacker's most numerous type is spearman (4). Spearman counters knight, so attacker gets 1.5x. Attacker attack: 4 * 1.5 = 6. Defender defense: 4 * 2 (knight defense) + 1 * 2 (archer defense) = 10. Wait, the rules say: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
Attacker: 4 spearman. Most numerous: spearman.
Defender: 4 knights, 1 archer. Most numerous: knight.
Spearman counters knight. Attacker gets 1.5x bonus.
Attacker effective force: 4 * 1 (attack) * 1.5 = 6.
Defender effective force: 4 * 2 (defense) + 1 * 2 (defense) = 10.
Defender wins (10 vs 6). So sending 4 spearmen from Murcia is not enough.

Let's calculate more carefully.
If I send more troops.
From [15] Murcia, I have 4 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight.
If I send all: 4 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight.
Attacker most numerous: spearman (4) or archer (3). Spearman is most numerous.
Defender most numerous: knight (4).
Spearman counters knight. Attacker gets 1.5x.
Attacker attack: 4 spear (1) + 3 archer (2) + 1 knight (4) = 4 + 6 + 4 = 14. With 1.5x bonus on spearman? No, "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." Does it multiply the whole force or just the spearman? "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." Usually it means the total attack power is multiplied by 1.5, or maybe the spearman attack? Let's assume the total attack power is multiplied by 1.5, or the spearman part. Let's re-read: "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." It says "your force", which likely means the total attack value. Let's assume total attack * 1.5.
Total attack: 4*1 + 3*2 + 1*4 = 14. With 1.5x: 21.
Defender defense: 4 knights (4*2=8) + 1 archer (1*2=2) = 10. Plus location bonus? "effective defense (location bonus included): 13". The report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 13". So I should use 13 directly.
Attacker effective force: 21. Defender effective force: 13. Attacker wins.
But wait, "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER."
So 21 vs 13, attacker wins.
But the attacker also takes losses. "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
So if I send all from Murcia, I win but take losses.

Let's look at [20] Huesca: defense 15, garrison 6 knights.
I have 8 spearmen already marching from [19] Pamplona, arriving this turn.
If I also send 4 spearmen from [19] Pamplona (available: 4 spear), total 12 spearmen.
Attacker: 12 spearman. Most numerous: spearman.
Defender: 6 knights. Most numerous: knight.
Spearman counters knight. Attacker gets 1.5x.
Attacker attack: 12 * 1 = 12. With 1.5x: 18.
Defender defense: 15 (effective defense included).
18 vs 15, attacker wins.

Let's look at [17] Zaragoza: defense 18, garrison 4 spearmen, 3 knights.
If I send from [12] Madrid: 11 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight.
Attacker most numerous: spearman (11).
Defender most numerous: spearman (4).
Spearman vs spearman: no counter. Attacker attack: 11*1 + 1*2 + 1*4 = 17.
Defender defense: 4 spear (4*2=8) + 3 knight (3*2=6) = 14. Effective defense: 18.
17 vs 18, defender wins.

If I send archers instead? From [7] Salamanca: 12 archers.
Attacker: 12 archers. Most numerous: archer.
Defender: 4 spear, 3 knight. Most numerous: spearman (4).
Archer counters spearman. Attacker gets 1.5x.
Attacker attack: 12 * 2 = 24. With 1.5x: 36.
Defender defense: 18.
36 vs 18, attacker wins easily.
But Salamanca is 1 turn away from Madrid, and Madrid is 1 turn away from Zaragoza. So it takes 2 turns to reach Zaragoza from Salamanca.
Wait, "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Salamanca.
And "march from [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Zaragoza.
So Salamanca to Madrid is 1 turn, Madrid to Zaragoza is 1 turn. Total 2 turns.
Can I send from Madrid directly? Madrid has 11 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight. Not enough archers.

What about sending archers from Salamanca to Madrid, and then from Madrid to Zaragoza? That takes 2 turns.
Or I can send from Salamanca to Madrid to reinforce Madrid, and then send Madrid's troops to Zaragoza.
But I need to decide what to do this turn.

Let's look at the goal: hold 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.
Currently I hold 15. I need 3 more.
The easiest targets are [16] Valencia, [20] Huesca, [17] Zaragoza.
[16] Valencia: I can attack from [15] Murcia (1 turn). I have 4 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight. If I send all, I win but take losses.
[20] Huesca: 8 spearmen already marching from [19] Pamplona. I can send 4 more spearmen from [19] Pamplona. Total 12 spearmen. Win against 15 defense.
[17] Zaragoza: I need to send archers. Salamanca has 12 archers. I can send them to Madrid (1 turn), then next turn to Zaragoza (1 turn). Or I can send them directly to Zaragoza? No, "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". The path from Salamanca to Zaragoza goes through Madrid (which is mine). So they will stop at Madrid, join the garrison, and then I can send them from Madrid to Zaragoza next turn. Wait, "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So if I send from Salamanca to Madrid, they arrive at Madrid and join the garrison. Then next turn I can send them from Madrid to Zaragoza.
But wait, can I send from Salamanca directly to Zaragoza? The road network: Salamanca [7] is connected to Madrid [12]. Madrid [12] is connected to Zaragoza [17]. So the path is Salamanca -> Madrid -> Zaragoza. Since Madrid is mine, they will stop there? "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". Madrid is mine, so they don't stop there unless I order them to. Wait, "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." If I order them to go to Zaragoza, they will march Salamanca -> Madrid -> Zaragoza. Do they stop at Madrid? "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". Madrid is mine, so they don't stop. They just pass through? Or do they stop at the first non-owned village, which is Zaragoza? The rule says "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So if the path is Salamanca -> Madrid -> Zaragoza, Madrid is mine, so the first non-owned village is Zaragoza. They will march all the way to Zaragoza and fight there.
Let's check the march time: Salamanca to Madrid is 1 turn, Madrid to Zaragoza is 1 turn. So Salamanca to Zaragoza takes 2 turns.
If I send 12 archers from Salamanca to Zaragoza, they will take 2 turns to arrive.
But wait, the report says "march from [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Zaragoza. And "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Salamanca. So total 2 turns.

Let's think about the immediate threats.
- [19] Pamplona is bordering [17] Zaragoza and [20] Huesca. I have 8 spearmen marching to [20] Huesca. If I send 4 more spearmen from Pamplona to Huesca, I will have 12 spearmen arriving this turn (the 8) and next turn (the 4)? No, the 8 are already marching, arriving in 1 turn (this turn). The 4 would take 2 turns (Pamplona to Huesca is 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns). Wait, "march from [19] Pamplona: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Huesca. So the 8 spearmen arriving this turn must have been sent last turn. If I send 4 more now, they take 2 slow turns (so 2 turns).
- [15] Murcia is bordering [16] Valencia. March from Murcia to Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So if I send troops now, they arrive next turn.
- [12] Madrid is bordering [8] Toledo and [17] Zaragoza. March from Madrid to Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

Let's check the enemy's possible moves.
- Enemy has [8] Toledo (defense 53), [17] Zaragoza (defense 18), [16] Valencia (defense 13), [20] Huesca (defense 15), [13] Teruel (last seen: 22 spear, 2 archer, 14 knight).
- Enemy might attack my border villages: [4] Badajoz (borders [8] Toledo), [11] Cordoba (borders [8] Toledo), [12] Madrid (borders [8] Toledo, [17] Zaragoza), [15] Murcia (borders [16] Valencia), [19] Pamplona (borders [17] Zaragoza, [20] Huesca).
- My border villages' defense:
  - [4] Badajoz: 53
  - [11] Cordoba: 8
  - [12] Madrid: 33
  - [15] Murcia: 20
  - [19] Pamplona: 10
- [11] Cordoba (defense 8) and [19] Pamplona (defense 10) are very weak. I should reinforce them or capture nearby enemy villages to reduce pressure.
- [11] Cordoba is connected to [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia. I can reinforce from [9] Sevilha (2 spear, 3 archer) or [15] Murcia (4 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight).
- [19] Pamplona is connected to [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza, [20] Huesca. I can reinforce from [14] Burgos (2 spear, 3 archer).

Let's plan the builds:
- I have 15 villages. Each produces 30 wood, 20 iron.
- Total resources: 15 * 30 = 450 wood, 15 * 20 = 300 iron. But resources are per village.
- Let's check which villages can build what:
  - [0] Lisboa: wood 90, iron 190. Can build knights (30 wood, 30 iron). 90/30 = 3 knights. But cap is 300 troops, currently 17. So can build up to 283 troops. But I need iron for archers/knights. Let's build archers or knights.
  - [1] Santarem: wood 90, iron 210. Can build 3 knights or 4 archers (20 wood, 10 iron).
  - [2] Evora: wood 90, iron 270. Can build 3 knights or 4 archers.
  - [3] Coimbra: wood 90, iron 240. Can build 3 knights or 4 archers.
  - [4] Badajoz: wood 90, iron 190. Can build 3 knights or 4 archers.
  - [5] Faro: wood 90, iron 240. Can build 3 knights or 4 archers.
  - [6] Porto: wood 90, iron 190. Can build 3 knights or 4 archers.
  - [7] Salamanca: wood 30, iron 90. Can build 1 knight or 2 archers.
  - [10] Vigo: wood 90, iron 160. Can build 3 knights or 4 archers.
  - [9] Sevilha: wood 90, iron 160. Can build 3 knights or 4 archers.
  - [11] Cordoba: wood 105, iron 100. Can build 3 knights or 5 archers.
  - [12] Madrid: wood 40, iron 100. Can build 1 knight or 2 archers.
  - [14] Burgos: wood 90, iron 80. Can build 2 archers (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 knights (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 80/30 = 2 knights.
  - [15] Murcia: wood 30, iron 60. Can build 1 knight or 2 archers.
  - [19] Pamplona: wood 30, iron 60. Can build 1 knight or 2 archers.

I should build spearmen (15 wood, 0 iron) as they are cheap and counter knights. Many villages have wood but no iron? No, they all have iron. But spearmen don't need iron. Let's build spearmen in villages that have wood and need troops.
- [11] Cordoba: wood 105, iron 100. Can build 7 spearmen (15 wood each). Currently 3 troops. Defense 8. Needs troops.
- [12] Madrid: wood 40, iron 100. Can build 2 spearmen (15 wood each). Currently 13 troops. Defense 33.
- [15] Murcia: wood 30, iron 60. Can build 2 spearmen. Currently 8 troops. Defense 20.
- [19] Pamplona: wood 30, iron 60. Can build 2 spearmen. Currently 4 troops. Defense 10.
- [4] Badajoz: wood 90, iron 190. Can build 6 spearmen. Currently 21 troops. Defense 53.
- [7] Salamanca: wood 30, iron 90. Can build 2 spearmen. Currently 26 troops. Defense 65.

Let's focus on reinforcing the weak border villages: [11] Cordoba, [19] Pamplona, [15] Murcia.
And building troops for attacks.

Let's decide on the moves:
1. Attack [16] Valencia from [15] Murcia. Send 4 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight (all available). This will take 1 turn. Expected win, but losses. Wait, if I send all from Murcia, Murcia will be empty. Is that safe? Murcia borders [16] Valencia. If I empty Murcia, and the enemy attacks Murcia from Valencia? But Valencia is enemy, so they would have to march to Murcia. But if I capture Valencia, it becomes mine. If I attack Valencia, the enemy garrison will fight. If I win, I capture Valencia. But during the march, the enemy might attack Murcia? The enemy writes orders simultaneously. If they attack Murcia, my empty Murcia might fall. But Murcia has defense 20. If I send all troops, defense becomes 0? No, the garrison is the troops at home. If I send all, garrison is 0, but the village still has its walls? "effective defense (location bonus included): 20". This is the defense with the current troops. If I send all troops, the defense drops to 0 or just the location bonus? The report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 20 | troops at home: 8". The defense value is likely calculated from the troops and the location. If troops are 0, defense is just the location bonus (maybe 5 or 10). So it's risky to empty a border village.
Instead, I can send only part of Murcia's troops. E.g., 4 spear, 0 archer, 0 knight. Attack: 4 spear. Defender: 4 knights, 1 archer. Most numerous: knight (4) vs spearman (4). Tie breaks to spearman. Spearman counters knight. Attacker attack: 4 * 1.5 = 6. Defender defense: 13. Defender wins. So I need more troops.
What if I send 4 spear, 3 archer? Attack: 4 spear (4) + 3 archer (6) = 10. Most numerous: spearman (4). Counter: spearman vs knight. 1.5x. Total attack: 10 * 1.5 = 15. Defender defense: 13. Attacker wins (15 vs 13).
So I can send 4 spear, 3 archer from Murcia. Leave 1 knight for defense.
Or send 4 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight. Attack: 14 * 1.5 = 21. Win with more margin.
But if I send all, Murcia has 0 troops. If enemy attacks Murcia, it falls.
Let's check if enemy is likely to attack Murcia. Enemy has [16] Valencia (1 archer, 4 knights). They could send troops to Murcia. But they just lost an attack on Madrid, and Toledo was conquered by King B? Wait, "King B attacked [8] Toledo: VICTORY, conquered". So King B conquered Toledo? But Toledo was already King B's village! "King B attacked [8] Toledo: VICTORY, conquered". Maybe it was a neutral village that King B conquered? No, the report says "[8] Toledo | ENEMY (King B)". So it was already King B's. Maybe King B attacked it to reinforce it? Or maybe it was a different village? The report says "King B attacked [8] Toledo: VICTORY, conquered". This is confusing. Maybe it was a battle against another enemy? Or maybe the report means King B's forces attacked and conquered it from someone else? But it says ENEMY (King B). Let's ignore the confusing part and focus on the current state.

Let's look at [20] Huesca: 8 spearmen already marching from [19] Pamplona, arriving this turn. I can send 4 more spearmen from Pamplona. But Pamplona only has 4 spearmen available. If I send them, Pamplona is empty. Pamplona borders [17] Zaragoza and [20] Huesca. If I send 4 to Huesca, and 8 are already there, total 12. But Pamplona is empty. Enemy from Zaragoza (4 spear, 3 knight) or Huesca (6 knights) could attack Pamplona. Pamplona defense is 10. If empty, it's very weak.
So maybe I should reinforce Pamplona instead of sending troops from it.
I can send troops from [14] Burgos to Pamplona. Burgos has 2 spear, 3 archer. March from Burgos to Pamplona: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns (via [12] Madrid? No, road: [14] Burgos: [10], [12], [19]. So Burgos -> [12] Madrid -> [19] Pamplona. That's 2 turns. Or Burgos -> [10] Vigo -> [6] Porto -> [3] Coimbra -> [1] Santarem -> [0] Lisboa... no, the road is [14] Burgos: [10], [12], [19]. So Burgos to Pamplona is via [12] Madrid. 2 turns.
What about [12] Madrid to Pamplona? Madrid is connected to [7], [8], [14], [17]. Not directly to [19]. So Madrid to Pamplona is via [17] Zaragoza (enemy) or [14] Burgos. So Madrid -> [14] Burgos -> [19] Pamplona. 2 turns.
So reinforcing Pamplona takes time.

Let's think about the overall strategy.
I need 3 more villages: [16] Valencia, [20] Huesca, [17] Zaragoza.
If I capture all three, I have 18.
To capture [16] Valencia: attack from [15] Murcia (1 turn). Need 4 spear, 3 archer (or more).
To capture [20] Huesca: 8 spearmen already marching. Need 4 more spearmen from Pamplona (arrives in 2 turns). Or I can send archers from somewhere else? Huesca has 6 knights. Archers don't counter knights. Knights counter archers. So spearmen are best.
To capture [17] Zaragoza: need archers to counter the spearmen. Send 12 archers from [7] Salamanca to [17] Zaragoza (2 turns). Or send from [12] Madrid? Madrid has only 1 archer.
So the plan:
- This turn:
  - Send 4 spear, 3 archer from [15] Murcia to [16] Valencia.
  - Send 4 spear from [19] Pamplona to [20] Huesca (arrives in 2 turns, total 12 spearmen).
  - Send 12 archers from [7] Salamanca to [17] Zaragoza (arrives in 2 turns).
  - Build spearmen in border villages to replenish.
Wait, if I send all archers from Salamanca, Salamanca's defense drops from 65 to 33 (12 archers, 12 spear, 2 knight -> 12 spear, 2 knight). Still decent.
But Salamanca is interior, no enemy border. So it's safe to send troops from it.
Let's check the march from Salamanca to Zaragoza. Road: [7] Salamanca: [3], [4], [6], [12]. [12] Madrid: [7], [8], [14], [17]. So Salamanca -> Madrid -> Zaragoza. Madrid is mine. So the army will march to Madrid (1 turn), then from Madrid to Zaragoza (1 turn). Total 2 turns.
But wait, "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". Madrid is mine, so they don't stop. They just pass through and arrive at Zaragoza in 2 turns.
Is that correct? "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." This implies that if you send to your own village, they stop there. If you send to an enemy village, they march until they hit an enemy village. So Salamanca -> Madrid -> Zaragoza. Madrid is mine, Zaragoza is enemy. So they march to Zaragoza and fight there. The travel time is the sum of the road segments: Salamanca to Madrid (1 turn) + Madrid to Zaragoza (1 turn) = 2 turns.
Yes.

Let's check if I can send from Madrid directly to Zaragoza this turn. Madrid has 11 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight. If I send them, attack: 11 spear (11) + 1 archer (2) + 1 knight (4) = 17. Defender: 4 spear, 3 knight. Most numerous: spearman (11) vs spearman (4). No counter. Attack 17 vs defense 18. Defender wins. So I can't send Madrid's troops alone.
I need archers. Salamanca has 12 archers. If I send them to Madrid, they arrive next turn. Then next turn I can send them from Madrid to Zaragoza. That takes 2 turns total from Salamanca, but 1 turn to reach Madrid, then I have to issue a new order from Madrid to Zaragoza.
If I send them directly to Zaragoza, they take 2 turns, but I don't have to issue an intermediate order. However, the order is simultaneous. If I order Salamanca -> Zaragoza, they will march Salamanca -> Madrid -> Zaragoza. On arrival at Madrid, do they stop? No, because the destination is Zaragoza. They just pass through Madrid. So they arrive at Zaragoza in 2 turns. This is more efficient.

Let's calculate the effective force for Zaragoza with 12 archers from Salamanca.
Attacker: 12 archers. Most numerous: archer.
Defender: 4 spear, 3 knight. Most numerous: spearman (4).
Archer counters spearman. Attacker gets 1.5x.
Attacker attack: 12 * 2 = 24. With 1.5x: 36.
Defender defense: 18 (effective defense included).
36 vs 18. Attacker wins.
Losses: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
Attacker effective force: 36. Defender: 18. Attacker takes losses proportional to defender's force? "attrition against the loser's effective force". So attacker loses some troops. But since 36 > 18, attacker wins and captures the village.

Let's check the other attacks:
[16] Valencia from [15] Murcia: send 4 spear, 3 archer.
Attacker: 4 spear, 3 archer. Most numerous: spearman (4).
Defender: 4 knights, 1 archer. Most numerous: knight (4).
Spearman counters knight. Attacker gets 1.5x.
Attacker attack: 4*1 + 3*2 = 10. With 1.5x: 15.
Defender defense: 13.
15 vs 13. Attacker wins.
Losses: attacker 15 vs defender 13. Attacker takes some losses.

[20] Huesca from [19] Pamplona: 8 spearmen already marching, arriving this turn. Send 4 more spearmen from Pamplona (arrives in 2 turns).
Wait, the 8 spearmen are already on the march, arriving in 1 turn (this turn). So this turn, they will arrive and fight? No, "arrives in 1 turn" means they arrive at the end of this turn, or the beginning of next turn? Usually "arrives in 1 turn" means they arrive next turn. But the report says "already marching out (NOT available): 8 spearmen" and "arrives in 1 turn". So they will arrive at the start of the next turn (turn 21). So this turn (turn 20), they are still marching. I can send 4 more spearmen from Pamplona to Huesca. They will take 2 turns (slow). So they arrive on turn 22.
But wait, if the 8 spearmen arrive on turn 21, they will fight the garrison of Huesca on turn 21? Or do they just arrive and join the garrison if it's mine? But Huesca is enemy. So they will fight on arrival.
The rules: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So the 8 spearmen will arrive at Huesca and fight the garrison (6 knights).
Attacker: 8 spearmen. Most numerous: spearman.
Defender: 6 knights. Most numerous: knight.
Spearman counters knight. Attacker gets 1.5x.
Attacker attack: 8 * 1 = 8. With 1.5x: 12.
Defender defense: 15.
12 vs 15. Defender wins! So the 8 spearmen alone will lose to Huesca.
I need more spearmen to arrive with them, or send more now.
If I send 4 more spearmen from Pamplona now, they take 2 turns. The 8 arrive on turn 21, the 4 arrive on turn 22. They fight separately! "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So the 8 spearmen will fight on turn 21 alone, and lose (12 vs 15).
Then on turn 22, the 4 spearmen arrive and fight the remaining garrison (if any). But the 8 spearmen were destroyed.
So sending 4 more spearmen from Pamplona is useless if they arrive later.
I need to send reinforcements that arrive at the same time, or send a larger force from the start.
But the 8 spearmen are already on the march. I can't change them.
Can I send troops from somewhere else to arrive at the same time as the 8 spearmen?
The 8 spearmen are from Pamplona, arriving in 1 turn. So they were sent on turn 19 from Pamplona.
To arrive at the same time, I need to send troops from a village that is 1 turn away from Huesca.
Which villages are 1 turn away from Huesca?
Road network: [20] Huesca: [17], [19], [23].
[19] Pamplona is 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So 1 turn for fast, 2 for slow.
[17] Zaragoza is enemy, can't send from there.
[23] Girona is enemy/unknown.
So only Pamplona can reach Huesca in 1 turn (fast troops). But I only have spearmen (slow) in Pamplona. So it takes 2 turns for spearmen.
Wait, the report says "march from [19] Pamplona: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So spearmen take 2 turns. The 8 spearmen were sent on turn 19, so they arrive on turn 21. That's 2 turns! But the report says "arrives in 1 turn". Ah, "already marching out (NOT available): 8 spearmen" and "arrives in 1 turn". This means they were sent on turn 19, and on turn 20 they are still marching, arriving on turn 21. So the travel time is 2 turns, but they have 1 turn left.
So if I send 4 spearmen from Pamplona now (turn 20), they will take 2 turns, arriving on turn 22.
The 8 spearmen arrive on turn 21 and fight alone. They lose.
So I should not send more to Huesca if they can't arrive together.
Instead, I should cancel the attack on Huesca? I can't cancel, they are already marching.
Maybe I can send knights from somewhere to reinforce Pamplona or attack Zaragoza?
Wait, if the 8 spearmen arrive on turn 21 and lose, that's a waste. But maybe I can send troops from Pamplona to Huesca that are faster? I don't have knights in Pamplona. I have 4 spearmen.
What if I send archers from somewhere else to Huesca? Archers are medium speed. From Pamplona, archers take 1 turn. But I don't have archers in Pamplona.
Can I send archers from [17] Zaragoza? No, it's enemy.
Can I send from [12] Madrid? Madrid to Huesca: Madrid -> [17] Zaragoza -> [20] Huesca. 2 turns.
So I can't reinforce the 8 spearmen in time.
Maybe the 8 spearmen will win if the garrison is smaller? The garrison is 6 knights, defense 15. 8 spearmen attack 12. They lose.
But wait, "effective defense (location bonus included): 15 (stable for 5 turns)". The garrison is 6 knights. If I attack with 8 spearmen, they lose.
What if I send 4 spearmen from Pamplona to Huesca, and they arrive on turn 22, but the 8 spearmen lose on turn 21. Then on turn 22, the 4 spearmen arrive and fight the remaining garrison (if any). But the 8 spearmen were destroyed.
So it's a bad move.
Maybe I should send the 4 spearmen from Pamplona to [17] Zaragoza instead? Zaragoza has 4 spear, 3 knight, defense 18.
4 spearmen attack: 4 * 1 = 4. Most numerous: spearman (4) vs spearman (4). No counter. Attack 4 vs defense 18. Lose.
So that's also bad.

Let's rethink. The 8 spearmen marching to Huesca are a sunk cost. I can't change them. I should focus on attacks that I can win.
Attacks I can win this turn:
1. [16] Valencia from [15] Murcia: send 4 spear, 3 archer (or all 8 troops). Win.
2. [17] Zaragoza from [12] Madrid: send 11 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight. Attack 17 vs defense 18. Lose. So no.
3. [17] Zaragoza from [7] Salamanca: send 12 archers. Takes 2 turns. Win on arrival.
4. [8] Toledo from [4] Badajoz: send 12 spear, 9 archer. Attack: 12 spear (12) + 9 archer (18) = 30. Most numerous: spearman (12) vs enemy: 12 spear, 1 archer, 8 knight. Most numerous: spearman (12). No counter. Attack 30 vs defense 53. Lose.
5. [20] Huesca from [19] Pamplona: 8 spearmen already marching. They will lose on turn 21.

So the only viable attack this turn is [16] Valencia from [15] Murcia.
And I can start the march for [17] Zaragoza from Salamanca (12 archers, 2 turns).
And I can start the march for [20] Huesca? But the 8 spearmen will lose. Maybe I can send knights from somewhere to Huesca to arrive later? But Huesca will be reinforced by the enemy? "Neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type." Huesca is enemy, not neutral. So it doesn't harden. But the enemy can reinforce it.
The enemy just reinforced Valencia (2 knights) and Huesca (2 knights). So they are active.

Let's look at the enemy's possible moves:
- They might attack my border villages.
- My weakest border villages: [11] Cordoba (defense 8), [19] Pamplona (defense 10), [15] Murcia (defense 20).
- If I send all troops from Murcia to Valencia, Murcia's defense drops. But if I capture Valencia, it becomes mine, and I can leave a garrison there.
- If I send 4 spear, 3 archer from Murcia, I leave 1 knight. Defense with 1 knight: knight defense 2, location bonus? Effective defense was 20 with 8 troops. With 1 knight, it's much lower.
- Maybe I should reinforce Murcia instead of attacking? But I need to capture villages to win.
- Let's check if I can reinforce Cordoba. Cordoba has 3 spear. I can send 2 spear, 3 archer from [9] Sevilha to Cordoba. Sevilha to Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So 1 turn. Cordoba is connected to [8] Toledo (enemy), [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia. So Sevilha -> Cordoba is 1 turn.
- I can also build spearmen in Cordoba. Cordoba has wood 105, iron 100. Can build 7 spearmen. But cap is 300, currently 3. So can build 7. But building takes 1 turn, and they are available next turn.
- I can build spearmen in Pamplona: wood 30, iron 60. Can build 2 spearmen. Available next turn.

Let's plan the builds:
- Build 7 spearmen in [11] Cordoba (cost 105 wood, 0 iron). Cordoba will have 10 troops.
- Build 2 spearmen in [19] Pamplona (cost 30 wood, 0 iron). Pamplona will have 6 troops (plus 8 marching out, but they are leaving).
- Build 2 spearmen in [15] Murcia (cost 30 wood, 0 iron). Murcia will have 10 troops.
- Build 2 spearmen in [12] Madrid (cost 30 wood, 0 iron). Madrid will have 15 troops.
- Build 6 spearmen in [4] Badajoz (cost 90 wood, 0 iron). Badajoz will have 27 troops.

Let's check wood and iron for these builds:
- [11] Cordoba: wood 105. 7 spearmen = 105 wood. OK.
- [19] Pamplona: wood 30. 2 spearmen = 30 wood. OK.
- [15] Murcia: wood 30. 2 spearmen = 30 wood. OK.
- [12] Madrid: wood 40. 2 spearmen = 30 wood. OK.
- [4] Badajoz: wood 90. 6 spearmen = 90 wood. OK.

Total wood used: 105 + 30 + 30 + 30 + 90 = 285. I have enough wood in those villages.
Iron used: 0. OK.

Now movements:
- [15] Murcia -> [16] Valencia: send 4 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight (all available). Wait, if I build 2 spearmen in Murcia, they won't be available this turn. The build order is for next turn. So the available troops are still 4 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight. I can send them all.
- [7] Salamanca -> [17] Zaragoza: send 12 archers. Salamanca has 12 archers, 12 spear, 2 knight. Send 12 archers. Leave 12 spear, 2 knight. Defense drops from 65 to maybe 40? Still safe.
- [9] Sevilha -> [11] Cordoba: send 2 spear, 3 archer. Reinforce Cordoba. Sevilha has 2 spear, 3 archer. Send all. Sevilha becomes empty, but it's interior, no enemy border. Safe.
- [19] Pamplona -> [20] Huesca: the 8 spearmen are already marching. I can't send more from Pamplona because I only have 4 spearmen, and if I send them, they arrive later and are useless. But I can send the 4 spearmen to [17] Zaragoza? No, they would lose. Maybe send them to [14] Burgos to reinforce? No, Burgos is mine.
What about sending the 4 spearmen from Pamplona to [19] Pamplona itself? No, they are already there.
Maybe I should send the 4 spearmen from Pamplona to [20] Huesca anyway, hoping the 8 spearmen win? But they won't.
Let's recalculate the 8 spearmen vs 6 knights.
Attacker: 8 spearmen. Attack: 8. Counter: spearman vs knight (since defender has 6 knights, most numerous is knight). Spearman counters knight, so 1.5x. Effective attack: 12.
Defender: 6 knights. Defense: 6 * 2 = 12. Location bonus: effective defense is 15. So defender effective force: 15.
12 vs 15. Defender wins. "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER." So defender wins.
The 8 spearmen are destroyed.
So sending 4 more is pointless.
What if I send knights from somewhere to Huesca? I don't have many knights. [0] Lisboa has 1 knight. [1] Santarem has 1 knight. [7] Salamanca has 2 knights. But they are far.
Maybe I should just accept the loss of the 8 spearmen and focus on Valencia and Zaragoza.
If I capture Valencia and Zaragoza, I have 17 villages. I still need 1 more. Huesca is the 3rd. But if the 8 spearmen lose, Huesca remains enemy. I need another way to capture Huesca.
Maybe I can attack Huesca from [19] Pamplona with a larger force next turn. I can build 2 spearmen in Pamplona this turn, and next turn send 4 spear (2 built + 2 remaining? Wait, I have 4 spear available now. If I build 2, next turn I have 6 spear. But I also have the 4 spear available now. So next turn I can send 6 spear from Pamplona to Huesca. 6 spear vs 6 knights. Attack: 6 * 1.5 = 9. Defense: 15. Lose.
I need archers or knights to counter the knights? No, spearmen counter knights. But I need more spearmen.
To win against Huesca (defense 15), I need effective attack > 15.
With spearmen: attack * 1.5 > 15 => attack > 10. So I need more than 10 spearmen. 11 spearmen attack = 11 * 1.5 = 16.5 > 15. Win.
So I need 11 spearmen to attack Huesca.
Pamplona can only hold 300 troops. I can build many spearmen there. But it takes time.
Alternatively, I can attack Huesca from [17] Zaragoza after capturing it. But Zaragoza is enemy.

Let's focus on the immediate turn.
Orders for turn 20:
Builds:
- [11] Cordoba: build 7 spearmen.
- [19] Pamplona: build 2 spearmen.
- [15] Murcia: build 2 spearmen.
- [12] Madrid: build 2 spearmen.
- [4] Badajoz: build 6 spearmen.

Movements:
- [15] Murcia -> [16] Valencia: send 4 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight.
- [7] Salamanca -> [17] Zaragoza: send 12 archers.
- [9] Sevilha -> [11] Cordoba: send 2 spear, 3 archer.
- [19] Pamplona -> [20] Huesca: the 8 spearmen are already marching. I can't stop them. Should I send the 4 spearmen from Pamplona to somewhere else? Maybe to [14] Burgos to reinforce? Or just keep them in Pamplona for defense.
Let's send the 4 spearmen from Pamplona to [17] Zaragoza? No, they would fight alone and lose.
What about sending them to [19] Pamplona? No, they are already there.
Maybe send them to [15] Murcia to reinforce after the attack? But Murcia will be empty after sending to Valencia. So send 4 spear from Pamplona to Murcia? Pamplona -> [14] Burgos -> [12] Madrid -> ... no, road: [19] Pamplona: [14], [17], [20]. [14] Burgos: [10], [12], [19]. So Pamplona -> Burgos -> Vigo -> Porto -> Coimbra -> Santarem -> Lisboa... not to Murcia.
Pamplona to Murcia: Pamplona -> [17] Zaragoza -> [8] Toledo -> [11] Cordoba -> [15] Murcia. That's 4 turns, and passes through enemy villages. So no.
So the 4 spearmen in Pamplona are best kept for defense of Pamplona, or sent to [20] Huesca to arrive later. But if they arrive later, they fight alone and lose. So keep them in Pamplona.

Wait, what if I send the 4 spearmen from Pamplona to [20] Huesca, and they arrive on turn 22. By then, the 8 spearmen have lost on turn 21, but maybe the enemy took losses too? The 8 spearmen attack 12 vs defense 15. Defender wins, but "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So the defender (Huesca) takes losses proportional to the attacker's effective force (12). So Huesca's defense drops from 15 to maybe 15 - 12 = 3? No, attrition is not necessarily subtraction. "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." This means the winner loses some troops, but not necessarily the whole army. The loser is destroyed entirely. "The losing army is destroyed entirely; the winner takes losses and keeps marching." So the 8 spearmen are destroyed. Huesca's garrison takes losses but survives. The effective defense might drop from 15 to something lower, maybe 10 or 8.
Then on turn 22, the 4 spearmen arrive. Attack: 4 * 1.5 = 6. If Huesca's defense is now 8, they still lose. If it's 5, they win.
But this is too uncertain. Better to keep the 4 spearmen in Pamplona for now.

Let's check if I can send troops from [12] Madrid to [17] Zaragoza. Madrid has 11 spear, 1 archer, 1 knight. If I send them, they lose (17 vs 18). So no.
What about sending from [7] Salamanca to [12] Madrid to reinforce? Salamanca has 12 spear, 12 archer, 2 knight. I can send 12 archers to Zaragoza as planned. I can also send some spearmen to Madrid? But Madrid is interior-ish, borders Toledo and Zaragoza. If I send spearmen to Madrid, they can reinforce Madrid. But Madrid already has 13 troops. I can send 12 spear from Salamanca to Madrid. Then Madrid has 24 troops. But I need archers for Zaragoza.
Let's stick to the plan: send 12 archers from Salamanca to Zaragoza.

What about [4] Badajoz? It borders [8] Toledo. Toledo has defense 53. I can't attack it yet. But I can reinforce Badajoz. Badajoz has 21 troops. I can build 6 spearmen there. And I can send troops from [1] Santarem or [2] Evora to Badajoz? But they are interior.

Let's review the plan and statement.
Plan: Focus on capturing Valencia and Zaragoza to reach the 18-village threshold. Send all available troops from Murcia to Valencia. Send archers from Salamanca to Zaragoza to counter the enemy spearmen. Reinforce border villages Cordoba and Pamplona with troops from Sevilha and by building spearmen. Accept the loss of the 8 spearmen marching to Huesca as they cannot win alone. Build spearmen in multiple villages to replenish losses and maintain defensive strength.

Statement: I am sending my forces to attack the weakly defended Valencia and Zaragoza. The 8 spearmen marching to Huesca are a sacrifice to weaken the enemy garrison. I am reinforcing my border villages to prevent enemy counterattacks. I will build spearmen in my villages to maintain my army's strength.

Let's double check the JSON format.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 11, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 7},
    {"villageId": 19, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 15, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 12, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 4, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 6}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 15, "toId": 16, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 3, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 7, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 12, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 9, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 3, "knight": 0}}
  ],
  "plan": "Focus on capturing Valencia and Zaragoza to reach the 18-village threshold. Send all available troops from Murcia to Valencia. Send archers from Salamanca to Zaragoza to counter the enemy spearmen. Reinforce border villages Cordoba and Pamplona with troops from Sevilha and by building spearmen. Accept the loss of the 8 spearmen marching to Huesca as they cannot win alone.",
  "statement": "I am launching a coordinated attack on Valencia and Zaragoza. My troops in Murcia are striking Valencia, while archers from Salamanca march on Zaragoza. The 8 spearmen heading to Huesca are a sacrifice to weaken the enemy garrison. I am reinforcing my border villages to prevent enemy counterattacks and building spearmen to replenish my forces."
}

Wait, I need to check if sending 4 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight from Murcia is valid. Murcia has 4 spear, 3 archer, 1 knight. Yes.
Salamanca has 12 archers. Yes.
Sevilha has 2 spear, 3 archer. Yes.

Let's check the build quantities and resources:
- [11] Cordoba: wood 105, iron 100. 7 spearmen = 105 wood, 0 iron. OK.
- [19] Pamplona: wood 30, iron 60. 2 spearmen = 30 wood, 0 iron. OK.
- [15] Murcia: wood 30, iron 60. 2 spearmen = 30 wood, 0 iron. OK.
- [12] Madrid: wood 40, iron 100. 2 spearmen = 30 wood, 0 iron. OK.
- [4] Badajoz: wood 90, iron 190. 6 spearmen = 90 wood, 0 iron. OK.

Are there any other builds I should consider?
- Knights are expensive (30 wood, 30 iron) but fast and strong. I have iron in many villages. But spearmen are cheaper and counter knights. Since the enemy has many knights (Toledo, Valencia, Huesca), spearmen are valuable.
- Archers cost 20 wood, 10 iron. I can build archers in villages with iron. But I need wood for spearmen. Let's stick to spearmen for now.

Let's check if I should send the 4 spearmen from Pamplona to Huesca anyway. The plan says "Accept the loss of the 8 spearmen marching to Huesca as they cannot win alone." But if I send the 4 spearmen, they will arrive on turn 22 and might finish off the weakened Huesca. But they will fight alone on turn 22. If Huesca's defense drops to 5 after the 8 spearmen fight, the 4 spearmen (attack 6) might win. But it's risky. Better to keep them in Pamplona for defense.
Actually, if I send them, they at least have a chance. If I keep them, they do nothing. But sending them leaves Pamplona empty. Pamplona is a border village. If the enemy attacks Pamplona, it falls. So keeping them for defense is better.

What about the 8 spearmen? They are already marching. I can't change their order. They will arrive at Huesca and fight. I have to accept the result.

Let's review the rules for building: "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."
Cordoba: wood 105. 7 spearmen = 105 wood. Can pay now.
Pamplona: wood 30. 2 spearmen = 30 wood. Can pay now.
Murcia: wood 30. 2 spearmen = 30 wood. Can pay now.
Madrid: wood 40. 2 spearmen = 30 wood. Can pay now.
Badajoz: wood 90. 6 spearmen = 90 wood. Can pay now.

All good.

Let's check the movements again.
Murcia to Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So spearmen take 1 turn, archers 1 turn, knights 1 turn. They all arrive next turn.
Salamanca to Zaragoza: Salamanca -> Madrid -> Zaragoza. 1 turn to Madrid, 1 turn to Zaragoza. Total 2 turns. Archers are medium speed, so they take 2 turns? Wait, "march from [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Zaragoza. And Salamanca to Madrid is "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So archers (medium) take 1 turn per segment. Total 2 turns.
Sevilha to Cordoba: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So 1 turn.

Everything seems correct.

Let's write the final JSON.
I need to make sure the JSON is valid and nothing else is written.

One more thing: the plan says "Accept the loss of the 8 spearmen marching to Huesca as they cannot win alone." But I didn't send them, they were already sent. So it's fine.

Let's check if there are any other villages I can see or attack.
[13] Teruel is last seen, but out of sight now. I can't attack it because I don't see its current state.
[18] Castellon, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona, [23] Girona are unexplored. I can't attack them.

So the moves are limited to what I can see.

I think the plan is solid. Let's output the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":15,"destinoId":16,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":7,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":12,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":9,"destinoId":11,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":0}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [15]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [15]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [12]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [12]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO envio [15]->[16]: 4S+3A+1K
ACEITO envio [7]->[17]: 12A
ACEITO envio [9]->[11]: 2S+3A
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Focus on capturing Valencia and Zaragoza to reach the 18-village threshold. Send all available troops from Murcia to Valencia. Send archers from Salamanca to Zaragoza to counter the enemy spearmen. Reinforce border villages Cordoba and Pamplona with troops from Sevilha and by building spearmen. Accept the loss of the 8 spearmen marching to Huesca as they cannot win alone.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): I am launching a coordinated attack on Valencia and Zaragoza. My troops in Murcia are striking Valencia, while archers from Salamanca march on Zaragoza. The 8 spearmen heading to Huesca are a sacrifice to weaken the enemy garrison. I am reinforcing my border villages to prevent enemy counterattacks and building spearmen to replenish my forces.
########## TURNO 20 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3903 | resposta 7842 | raciocinio 7842 | finish content_filter | ms 118468
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B in a strategy game. I need to analyze the current state and provide a JSON response with my orders (builds, movements), a plan for the next several turns, and a statement for the audience.

Let me understand the current situation:
- I hold 9 of 24 villages (need 18 for 2 consecutive turns to win, or eliminate all enemy villages)
- Enemy is King A
- My villages: Barcelona (22), Tarragona (21), Girona (23), Castellon (18), Zaragoza (17), Huesca (20), Valencia (16), Teruel (13), Toledo (8)
- Enemy villages I can see: Madrid (12), Murcia (15), Pamplona (19), Cordoba (11), Badajoz (4)
- Enemy capital: Lisboa (0) - unknown garrison
- Unexplored: Porto (6), Vigo (10), Coimbra (3), Sevilha (9), Faro (5), Santarem (1), Evora (2)

Current resources and troops:
- Barcelona: wood 30, iron 40, 6 troops (2 spearman, 0 archer, 4 knight)
- Tarragona: wood 30, iron 30, 4 troops (0 spearman, 0 archer, 4 knight)
- Girona: wood 30, iron 30, 4 troops (2 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight)
- Castellon: wood 30, iron 40, 2 troops (0 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight)
- Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 40, 7 troops (4 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight)
- Huesca: wood 30, iron 30, 6 troops (0 spearman, 0 archer, 6 knight)
- Valencia: wood 40, iron 20, 5 troops (0 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knight)
- Teruel: wood 30, iron 20, 2 troops (0 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight)
- Toledo: wood 30, iron 160, 21 troops (12 spearman, 1 archer, 8 knight)

Wait, let me check the available troops to send:
- Barcelona: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 4 knight (attack power 18)
- Tarragona: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 4 knight (attack power 16)
- Girona: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight (attack power 10)
- Castellon: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight (attack power 8)
- Zaragoza: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight (attack power 16)
- Huesca: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 6 knight (attack power 24)
- Valencia: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knight (attack power 18)
- Teruel: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight (attack power 8)
- Toledo: 12 spearman, 1 archer, 8 knight (attack power 46)

Wait, the numbers don't match the troops at home. Let me re-read:
- Barcelona: troops at home: 6 / 300, AVAILABLE TO SEND: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 4 knight. That's 6 total. OK.
- Tarragona: 4 / 300, AVAILABLE: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 4 knight. 4 total.
- Girona: 4 / 300, AVAILABLE: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight. 4 total.
- Castellon: 2 / 300, AVAILABLE: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight. 2 total.
- Zaragoza: 7 / 300, AVAILABLE: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight. 7 total.
- Huesca: 6 / 300, AVAILABLE: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 6 knight. 6 total.
- Valencia: 5 / 300, AVAILABLE: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knight. 5 total.
- Teruel: 2 / 300, AVAILABLE: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight. 2 total.
- Toledo: 21 / 300, AVAILABLE: 12 spearman, 1 archer, 8 knight. 21 total.

OK, so the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" is what I can send this turn. I can also build new troops.

Let me think about the strategy. I need to capture more villages. I currently have 9, need 18. That's a lot.

Looking at the map:
- My western front: Zaragoza faces Madrid (12) and Pamplona (19). Huesca faces Pamplona (19). Toledo faces Badajoz (4), Cordoba (11), Madrid (12). Valencia faces Murcia (15).
- Enemy villages: Madrid (12), Murcia (15), Pamplona (19), Cordoba (11), Badajoz (4), and unknown ones: Burgos (14), Salamanca (7), Porto (6), Vigo (10), Coimbra (3), Sevilha (9), Faro (5), Santarem (1), Evora (2), Lisboa (0).

Wait, the enemy capital is Lisboa (0). The enemy has many villages.

I need to capture villages. Let me think about which ones are easiest:
- Pamplona (19): defense 10, garrison 4 spearmen. Easy target.
- Cordoba (11): defense 8, garrison 3 spearmen. Easy.
- Madrid (12): defense 33, garrison 11 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight. Harder.
- Murcia (15): defense 20, garrison 4 spearmen, 3 archers, 1 knight. Moderate.
- Badajoz (4): defense 53, garrison 12 spearmen, 9 archers. Very hard.

I should attack easy ones first to build momentum. Pamplona and Cordoba are weak.

But wait, I need to consider the enemy's next move too. The enemy is marching toward Huesca (arrives in 1 turn). That's an attack on my village.

Let me think about what to do:

1. Defend Huesca: The enemy is attacking Huesca. I have 6 knights there (attack 24 if all sent, but they're defending). Actually, I don't need to send troops to defend - they're already there. But I could send reinforcements from nearby villages.

2. Build troops: I should build more troops to increase my army. Let me check resources:
- Barcelona: wood 30, iron 40. Can build knights (30 wood, 30 iron) - 1 knight. Or archers (20 wood, 10 iron) - 1 archer, 2 archers? 20*2=40 wood > 30, so only 1 archer. Or spearmen (15 wood, 0 iron) - 2 spearmen.
- Tarragona: wood 30, iron 30. Can build 1 knight, or 1 archer, or 2 spearmen.
- Girona: wood 30, iron 30. Same.
- Castellon: wood 30, iron 40. Can build 1 knight, or 1 archer, or 2 spearmen.
- Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 40. Can build 1 knight, or 1 archer, or 2 spearmen.
- Huesca: wood 30, iron 30. Can build 1 knight, or 1 archer, or 2 spearmen.
- Valencia: wood 40, iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron), or 2 spearmen (30 wood, 0 iron), or... knight needs 30 wood + 30 iron, iron only 20, so no knights.
- Teruel: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron), or 2 spearmen (30 wood, 0 iron).
- Toledo: wood 30, iron 160. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron), or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron), or 2 spearmen (30 wood, 0 iron).

I should build troops to reinforce my villages. But I also need to attack.

Let me plan attacks:
- Attack Pamplona (19) from Zaragoza and/or Huesca. Pamplona has defense 10, 4 spearmen.
- Attack Cordoba (11) from Toledo. Cordoba has defense 8, 3 spearmen.
- Maybe attack Madrid (12) from Zaragoza or Toledo.

But I need to be careful about the enemy's counter-attacks.

Let me calculate attack forces:
If I attack Pamplona from Zaragoza with 4 spearman + 3 knight:
- My army: 4 spearman (attack 1 each = 4), 3 knight (attack 4 each = 12). Total attack = 16.
- Most numerous type: spearman (4) vs knight (3). Spearman is most numerous. Counter: spearman counters knight, so if enemy has knights, I get 1.5x bonus. But enemy has only spearmen (4), so no counter bonus for me.
- Wait, the counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5. The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup.
- My most numerous: spearman (4). Enemy most numerous: spearman (4). Spearman vs spearman - no counter bonus.
- Effective force = 16.
- Enemy defense: 10 (effective defense includes location bonus). Wait, the report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 10". So I use 10 directly.
- My force 16 vs defense 10. I win. But I lose troops worth half of loser's effective force. The loser is the defender, effective force = 10 (defense). Wait, the rules say: "The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types". So I lose troops worth half of 10 = 5 effective force. How is that spread? It says "that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself." I need to figure out how many troops I lose.

Actually, the combat rules are a bit vague on how losses are calculated. Let me re-read:
"The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER.
The LOSER is destroyed entirely - this includes an attacker that fails against a village. The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself."

So if I attack with effective force 16 vs defense 10, I win. The loser (defender) is destroyed entirely. I lose troops worth half of the loser's effective force = 5. How is that spread over troop types? It says "spread over its troop types" - meaning my troop types? Probably means I lose some of each type proportionally? Or maybe it means the loser's effective force is spread over their troop types, and I lose troops matching that? This is confusing.

Let me look at the example from last turn:
"You attacked [12] Madrid with 5 spearmen, 6 knights (effective force 29 vs its defense 60): DEFEAT. Your whole army was destroyed; the defenders lost 3 troops (13 left)."
So when attacker loses, whole army is destroyed. Defender loses some troops.

"You attacked [8] Toledo with 22 spearmen, 2 archers, 14 knights (effective force 82 vs its defense 73): VICTORY, conquered. You lost 17 troops; 21 troops stay there as its new garrison."
So attacker won, lost 17 troops out of 38. The loser's effective force was 73. Half of 73 = 36.5. But I lost 17 troops. How does that map? Maybe the loss is calculated differently.

Actually, maybe the "effective force" of the loser is the sum of their attack/defense values, and the winner loses troops whose total attack/defense equals half of that. But 17 troops with mixed types... Let me check: 22 spearmen (attack 1, defense 2), 2 archers (attack 2, defense 2), 14 knights (attack 4, defense 2). Total attack = 22*1 + 2*2 + 14*4 = 22+4+56 = 82. Total defense = 22*2 + 2*2 + 14*2 = 44+4+28 = 76. Hmm.

Maybe the loss is simply half the number of troops? 38 troops, half is 19, but lost 17. Close but not exact.

Or maybe the loss is calculated based on the effective force ratio. Let me not overthink this. The key point is: I need to win battles with minimal losses.

For now, let me focus on the strategy.

My plan:
- Capture Pamplona (19) from Zaragoza and/or Huesca. It's weak (defense 10, 4 spearmen).
- Capture Cordoba (11) from Toledo. It's weak (defense 8, 3 spearmen).
- Capture Madrid (12) from Zaragoza or Toledo. It's medium (defense 33).
- Capture Murcia (15) from Valencia. It's medium (defense 20).
- Then push further into enemy territory.

But I need to defend my villages too. The enemy is attacking Huesca. I should reinforce Huesca.

Let me think about the enemy's move. The enemy is marching toward Huesca with an unknown force (arrives in 1 turn). I need to make sure Huesca can defend itself. Currently Huesca has 6 knights (defense 2 each, but in a village defense counts x1.25). Wait, the effective defense is already given as 15. That includes the location bonus. So Huesca's defense is 15. If the enemy attacks with enough force, they could take it.

I should send reinforcements to Huesca from nearby villages. Tarragona has 4 knights, Girona has 2 spearman + 2 knight, Barcelona has 2 spearman + 4 knight. But travel times: from Tarragona to Huesca via Zaragoza? Let me check the road network:
- Tarragona (21) connects to Zaragoza (17), Castellon (18), Barcelona (22).
- Huesca (20) connects to Zaragoza (17), Pamplona (19), Girona (23).
- So from Tarragona to Huesca: Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> Huesca. That's 2 fast turns? Wait, the report says "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Tarragona. And Zaragoza to Huesca is... let me check. Zaragoza connects to Madrid (12), Teruel (13), Pamplona (19), Huesca (20), Tarragona (21). So Zaragoza to Huesca is 1 fast turn? Actually, the report doesn't give the distance from Zaragoza to Huesca directly. But since both are connected, and the report says "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Huesca? Wait, Huesca says "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? No, Huesca says "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? Let me re-read:

Huesca: "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" - wait, that's not in the report. Let me check again:

The report says:
- Barcelona: "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
- Tarragona: "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
- Girona: "from here to your nearest border village [20] Huesca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
- Castellon: "from here to your nearest border village [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
- Teruel: "from here to your nearest border village [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"

So for Huesca, it doesn't say the distance to Zaragoza. But from the road network, Huesca connects to Zaragoza. The distance is probably 1 fast turn since they are directly connected.

Actually, looking at the road network, Huesca (20) connects to Zaragoza (17), Pamplona (19), Girona (23). So from Tarragona to Huesca would be Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> Huesca. That's 2 fast turns? Or maybe 1 fast turn from Tarragona to Zaragoza and 1 fast turn from Zaragoza to Huesca, total 2 fast turns.

But I need to consider that the enemy is attacking Huesca this turn. If I send reinforcements from Tarragona, they won't arrive in time to help with the defense this turn. They would arrive next turn or later. So maybe I should just rely on Huesca's existing garrison.

Alternatively, I could send troops from Huesca to attack somewhere else, but that would weaken its defense. Better to keep them there.

Let me think about attacks I can launch this turn:

1. Attack Pamplona (19) from Zaragoza:
- Zaragoza has 4 spearman, 3 knight available.
- Attack force: 4 spearman (attack 4), 3 knight (attack 12). Total 16.
- Enemy defense: 10. I win.
- But wait, the enemy might also send reinforcements to Pamplona. But since orders are simultaneous, I don't know what they're doing.
- Losses: I'd lose some troops. Half of 10 = 5 effective force. My troops have total attack 16. I'd lose about 5/16 of my army? That's about 3 troops? Hard to say exactly.

2. Attack Cordoba (11) from Toledo:
- Toledo has 12 spearman, 1 archer, 8 knight available.
- Attack force: 12*1 + 1*2 + 8*4 = 12+2+32 = 46.
- Enemy defense: 8. Easy win.
- Losses: half of 8 = 4 effective force. Very small losses.

3. Attack Madrid (12) from Zaragoza or Toledo:
- Madrid defense 33. Need a big army.
- From Zaragoza: 4 spearman, 3 knight = 16 attack. Not enough.
- From Toledo: 12 spearman, 1 archer, 8 knight = 46 attack. Enough.
- But if I send from Toledo, Toledo's defense becomes weak. Toledo is my capital? No, Barcelona is my capital. Toledo is just a village.
- Actually, Toledo has 21 troops. If I send 12 spearman, 1 archer, 8 knight, that's all of them. Toledo would be empty. But it's an interior village? No, Toledo is a border village facing Badajoz, Cordoba, Madrid. If I empty it, it could be attacked.
- Better to send a smaller force to Madrid, or attack from multiple villages.

4. Attack Murcia (15) from Valencia:
- Valencia has 0 spearman, 1 archer, 4 knight = attack 2+16 = 18.
- Murcia defense 20. 18 < 20, so I'd lose. Not enough.

5. Attack Badajoz (4) from Toledo:
- Badajoz defense 53. Need huge army. Not ready.

So my best moves this turn:
- Attack Cordoba from Toledo with a strong force.
- Attack Pamplona from Zaragoza with a decent force.
- Maybe attack Madrid from Zaragoza with some troops, but not enough.

But I also need to consider that the enemy might attack my villages. The enemy is attacking Huesca. They might also attack other villages.

Let me think about building troops:
I should build more troops to replace losses and grow my army. Let me build knights where possible, as they are the strongest.

Build orders:
- Barcelona: build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) - has 30 wood, 40 iron. OK.
- Tarragona: build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) - has 30 wood, 30 iron. OK.
- Girona: build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) - has 30 wood, 30 iron. OK.
- Castellon: build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) - has 30 wood, 40 iron. OK.
- Zaragoza: build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) - has 30 wood, 40 iron. OK.
- Huesca: build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) - has 30 wood, 30 iron. OK.
- Valencia: cannot build knight (needs 30 iron, has 20). Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) - has 40 wood, 20 iron. OK.
- Teruel: build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) - has 30 wood, 20 iron. OK.
- Toledo: build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) - has 30 wood, 160 iron. OK.

That's a lot of knights. But I need to be careful about the cap of 300 troops per village. None are near that.

Now, let me think about the campaign plan.

My campaign:
- Immediate: Attack Cordoba (weak, defense 8) from Toledo to secure the southern route. Attack Pamplona (weak, defense 10) from Zaragoza to secure the northern route.
- Then: Use captured villages as staging points. Push towards Madrid, Murcia, Badajoz.
- Long term: Capture enough villages to reach 18. The enemy has many villages in the west (Porto, Vigo, Coimbra, etc.) and south (Sevilha, Faro, etc.). I need to explore and capture them.

But I also need to defend my villages. The enemy is attacking Huesca. I should reinforce Huesca from Girona or Tarragona? But travel time might be too long.

Actually, let me reconsider. The enemy army is marching toward Huesca and arrives in 1 turn. That means they will attack Huesca this turn. I can't reinforce Huesca this turn because any troops I send would take at least 1 turn to arrive. So Huesca must defend itself with its current garrison (6 knights, effective defense 15). If the enemy has more than 15 effective force, they'll take Huesca. I don't know the enemy's force, but I can hope it's not too strong.

Alternatively, I could order Huesca to send troops to attack somewhere else, but that would leave it defenseless. Better to keep them there.

Wait, I could send troops from Huesca to attack Pamplona? But Pamplona is an enemy village. If I attack it, my troops would leave Huesca and march to Pamplona. But the enemy is attacking Huesca at the same time. If my troops leave, Huesca has no defense. That's risky.

Let me think about the enemy's possible moves. The enemy might:
- Attack Huesca (already marching)
- Attack other villages: Zaragoza, Valencia, Toledo, etc.
- Reinforce their own villages.

I don't know, but I should be prepared.

Let me decide on my orders:

Builds:
- Build knights in as many villages as possible to increase my army.
- Specifically: Barcelona (1 knight), Tarragona (1 knight), Girona (1 knight), Castellon (1 knight), Zaragoza (1 knight), Huesca (1 knight), Toledo (1 knight). Valencia (1 archer), Teruel (1 archer).

Movements:
- Attack Cordoba from Toledo: send 12 spearman, 1 archer, 8 knight? That's all troops. Maybe send a smaller force to keep some in Toledo. Let's send 10 spearman, 1 archer, 6 knight (attack 10+2+24=36). That's enough vs defense 8. Keep 2 spearman, 2 knight in Toledo for defense.
- Attack Pamplona from Zaragoza: send 4 spearman, 3 knight (all available). Attack 16 vs defense 10. Win.
- Attack Madrid from Zaragoza? No, Zaragoza troops are going to Pamplona. Maybe from Toledo? But Toledo is attacking Cordoba.
- Reinforce Huesca? Can't in time.
- Maybe send troops from Barcelona to reinforce Zaragoza? Barcelona to Zaragoza is 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. That's 1 fast turn. So they'd arrive next turn. But Zaragoza is sending troops to Pamplona, so it might be empty. Better to keep them in Barcelona for now.

Wait, I should also consider that the enemy might attack my villages after I capture theirs. For example, if I take Cordoba, the enemy might attack Toledo in response. But since orders are simultaneous, they can't react to my attack this turn. Next turn, they might attack Toledo. So I should leave some troops in Toledo for defense.

Let me refine:
- Toledo: send 8 spearman, 1 archer, 6 knight to attack Cordoba. Keep 4 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight in Toledo. Attack power: 8*1 + 1*2 + 6*4 = 8+2+24 = 34. vs defense 8. Easy win.
- Zaragoza: send 4 spearman, 3 knight to attack Pamplona. Attack 16 vs defense 10. Win.
- Valencia: maybe attack Murcia? But 1 archer + 4 knight = 18 vs defense 20. Not enough. Better to keep them and build more.
- Huesca: keep all 6 knight for defense.
- Other villages: keep troops for defense, send reinforcements later.

But wait, I also need to consider that I can send troops from multiple villages to attack the same target. However, the rules say: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So I can't combine forces from different villages for a single attack. Each attack is separate.

So I can only attack one target per village. But I can attack the same target from multiple villages, and they'll fight separately. That's not efficient.

Let me focus on the most impactful attacks:
1. Take Cordoba (defense 8) from Toledo. This opens the route to Badajoz and the south.
2. Take Pamplona (defense 10) from Zaragoza. This opens the route to Burgos and the north.
3. Take Madrid (defense 33) from Zaragoza or Toledo. Need a big force.

But if I send all of Zaragoza to Pamplona, Zaragoza is empty. Then Madrid could attack Zaragoza. But Madrid is an enemy village, so they'd have to march to Zaragoza. That takes time.

Actually, let me check the road network: Madrid (12) connects to Salamanca (7), Burgos (14), Toledo (8), Zaragoza (17). So from Madrid to Zaragoza is 1 fast turn? Probably. If Madrid is empty, they could attack Zaragoza next turn. But I'll have troops there from other villages.

Let me also think about building troops in the villages I capture. When I capture Cordoba, it will have some troops (the survivors from my attack). I can then build more there.

OK, let me write the plan and statement.

Plan: Focus on capturing weak enemy villages to expand my territory. Attack Cordoba from Toledo and Pamplona from Zaragoza this turn. Then use these as staging points to attack Badajoz, Madrid, and Burgos. Build knights in all villages to maintain momentum. Defend Huesca and other border villages against enemy counter-attacks.

Statement: I launch a double attack on Cordoba and Pamplona, aiming to break the enemy's flanks. My Toledo army strikes south while Zaragoza hits north. I'm building knights across my realm to keep the pressure on. The enemy is attacking Huesca, but I hope my garrison holds.

Now let me format the JSON.

Builds:
- Barcelona: 1 knight
- Tarragona: 1 knight
- Girona: 1 knight
- Castellon: 1 knight
- Zaragoza: 1 knight
- Huesca: 1 knight
- Valencia: 1 archer
- Teruel: 1 archer
- Toledo: 1 knight

Movements:
- From Toledo to Cordoba (11): 8 spearman, 1 archer, 6 knight
- From Zaragoza to Pamplona (19): 4 spearman, 3 knight

Wait, I need to check if I have enough resources to build and send. The build happens first, then the movement? Or simultaneous? The rules say orders are simultaneous. So I can build and send in the same turn. The troops I build this turn can't be sent this turn because they take 1 turn to build. So the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" is what I can send this turn. The builds will be ready next turn.

So my movements use the currently available troops. My builds will add to next turn's available troops.

Let me double-check the available troops:
- Toledo: 12 spearman, 1 archer, 8 knight. I'm sending 8 spearman, 1 archer, 6 knight. That leaves 4 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight. OK.
- Zaragoza: 4 spearman, 3 knight. I'm sending all. OK.

Now, let me also consider if I should send reinforcements to Huesca. The enemy is attacking Huesca. If I send troops from Girona to Huesca, they'd take 1 fast turn (Girona to Huesca is directly connected). So they'd arrive next turn, after the enemy attack. That might be too late. But if the enemy takes Huesca, my troops would be marching into an enemy village. Actually, the rules say: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there." So if I send from Girona to Huesca, and Huesca falls to the enemy, my troops would stop at Huesca and fight there. That could be useful to retake it. But it's risky.

Alternatively, I could send troops from Girona to Zaragoza to reinforce my western front. But travel time: Girona to Huesca to Zaragoza? Or Girona to Zaragoza directly? The road network shows Girona (23) connects to Huesca (20) and Barcelona (22). Not directly to Zaragoza. So Girona to Zaragoza would be Girona -> Huesca -> Zaragoza. That's 2 fast turns.

I think I'll keep my troops in their villages for now and focus on attacking.

Wait, I should also consider that the enemy might attack my interior villages. But the rules say: "The same rule protects your INTERIOR villages (no enemy neighbour): every road into one of them passes through another of your villages, where an enemy army stops and fights." So interior villages are safe as long as I hold the border villages.

My interior villages: Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Castellon, Teruel. They are safe as long as I hold Zaragoza, Huesca, Valencia, and Toledo.

But if the enemy takes Huesca, then Girona becomes a border village. So I need to defend Huesca.

Let me check if I can reinforce Huesca from Girona. Girona has 2 spearman, 2 knight. If I send them to Huesca, they'd arrive next turn. But Huesca might fall this turn. If it falls, my troops would fight at Huesca next turn. That could help retake it. But if Huesca holds, my troops reinforce it. Either way, sending from Girona to Huesca seems good.

But wait, if I send from Girona to Huesca, Girona becomes empty. Then if the enemy takes Huesca, they could attack Girona next turn? But Girona is interior, so the enemy would have to go through Huesca to reach Girona. If they take Huesca, they'd stop there, so Girona is still safe for one more turn.

Actually, the rule says: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So if the enemy takes Huesca, they'd be at Huesca. To attack Girona, they'd need to march from Huesca to Girona, which takes another turn. So Girona is safe for now.

But if I empty Girona, and the enemy somehow gets to Girona (unlikely), it would be undefended. I think it's better to keep some troops in Girona for now.

Let me reconsider. Maybe I should send 1 spearman and 1 knight from Girona to Huesca, keeping 1 spearman and 1 knight in Girona. That way Girona still has some defense.

But the movement rules say I can only send whole troops? No, I can send any number. The JSON allows specifying quantities.

Actually, let me simplify. I'll send all available troops from Girona to Huesca as reinforcements. Girona has 2 spearman, 2 knight. I'll send them all. Girona will be empty, but it's interior and safe for now.

Similarly, I could send from Tarragona to Zaragoza? Tarragona has 4 knight. Zaragoza is sending all troops to Pamplona, so it'll be empty. If the enemy attacks Zaragoza next turn, it would fall. So I should reinforce Zaragoza. But Tarragona to Zaragoza is 1 fast turn, so they'd arrive next turn. That's good.

Let me plan:
- From Tarragona to Zaragoza: send 4 knight. They'll arrive next turn, reinforcing Zaragoza after it (hopefully) takes Pamplona.
- From Girona to Huesca: send 2 spearman, 2 knight. They'll arrive next turn, reinforcing Huesca after the enemy attack.
- From Barcelona to Zaragoza? Barcelona has 2 spearman, 4 knight. But travel time is 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns = 1 fast turn? Actually, the report says "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" which means 2 turns for slow troops, 1 for medium, 1 for fast. Since I'm sending knights (fast), it takes 1 turn. So they'd arrive next turn too. But I already have Tarragona sending 4 knight. Maybe I don't need more.

Wait, if Zaragoza sends all troops to Pamplona, it'll be empty after the attack. The survivors from the attack will stay at Pamplona as garrison. So Zaragoza will be empty. Then if the enemy attacks Zaragoza next turn, it would fall. So I need to reinforce Zaragoza. Tarragona sending 4 knight is good. Maybe also from Barcelona?

But let's not overcomplicate. I'll send from Tarragona to Zaragoza, and from Girona to Huesca.

What about Valencia? It faces Murcia. I could attack Murcia, but my force (18) is less than defense (20). I'd lose. Better to keep them and build more. Or I could send some to reinforce other villages.

What about Teruel? It has 2 knight. I could send them to Valencia to reinforce. But travel time: Teruel to Valencia is 1 fast turn. They'd arrive next turn. That could help Valencia's defense or future attack.

Let me also consider attacking from Teruel. Teruel connects to Valencia (16), Zaragoza (17), Castellon (18), Toledo (8). So I could attack Madrid from Teruel? No, Teruel doesn't connect to Madrid. It connects to Zaragoza, which connects to Madrid. So to attack Madrid, I'd need to go through Zaragoza. But if Zaragoza is empty, my troops would stop there and fight? Actually, if I send from Teruel to Madrid, they'd march Teruel -> Zaragoza -> Madrid. But Zaragoza is my village, so they'd pass through it. Wait, the rule says: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there." Since Zaragoza is mine, they'd pass through it. So they could reach Madrid. But if Zaragoza is under attack, they might stop there? The rule says they stop at the first village that is not yours. If Zaragoza is mine, they continue. But if the enemy has taken Zaragoza, they'd stop there.

This is getting complex. Let me focus on the immediate attacks and reinforcements.

Final decision:

Builds:
- Barcelona: 1 knight
- Tarragona: 1 knight
- Girona: 1 knight
- Castellon: 1 knight
- Zaragoza: 1 knight
- Huesca: 1 knight
- Valencia: 1 archer
- Teruel: 1 archer
- Toledo: 1 knight

Movements:
- From Toledo to Cordoba (11): 8 spearman, 1 archer, 6 knight (attack Cordoba)
- From Zaragoza to Pamplona (19): 4 spearman, 3 knight (attack Pamplona)
- From Tarragona to Zaragoza (17): 4 knight (reinforce Zaragoza)
- From Girona to Huesca (20): 2 spearman, 2 knight (reinforce Huesca)
- From Teruel to Valencia (16): 2 knight (reinforce Valencia)

Wait, Teruel has 2 knight available. I'm sending them to Valencia. That leaves Teruel empty. But Teruel is interior, so it's safe.

Let me check if I have enough resources for all these builds. Each village produces resources per turn, and I'm using their current stock to build. The builds happen this turn, and the troops will be available next turn.

Let me verify each build:
- Barcelona: wood 30, iron 40. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. OK. After build: wood 0, iron 10.
- Tarragona: wood 30, iron 30. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. OK. After: wood 0, iron 0.
- Girona: wood 30, iron 30. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. OK. After: wood 0, iron 0.
- Castellon: wood 30, iron 40. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. OK. After: wood 0, iron 10.
- Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 40. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. OK. After: wood 0, iron 10.
- Huesca: wood 30, iron 30. Knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. OK. After: wood 0, iron 0.
- Valencia: wood 40, iron 20. Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. OK. After: wood 20, iron 10.
- Teruel:
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
COMBATE [16] Valencia: atacante A Fatk=4 (ef 6) Fdef=8 (ef 10) vant=1 -> vence defensor | baixas~2
REFORCO [12] Madrid dono A: 4S
COMBATE [12] Madrid: atacante B Fatk=29 (ef 29) Fdef=32 (ef 60) vant=-1 -> vence defensor | baixas~8
COMBATE [8] Toledo: atacante B Fatk=82 (ef 82) Fdef=58 (ef 73) vant=0 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~36
REFORCO [16] Valencia dono B: 2K
REFORCO [20] Huesca dono B: 2K
placar: A 15 ald/tropas 137 | B 9 ald/tropas 57 | neutras 0 | transito 4 (A 4 | B 0)

########## TURNO 21 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4533 | resposta 13864 | raciocinio 10193 | finish stop | ms 179564
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 12, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 11, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 16, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 15, \"toId\": 16, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Focus on capturing [13] Teruel and [17] Zaragoza next turn to reach 18 villages. Send troops from [16] Valencia to [13] Teruel, and reinforce [16] Valencia with spearmen from [15] Murcia. Build spearmen in border villages [19] Pamplona, [11] Cordoba, and [16] Valencia. The 12 archers marching to [17] Zaragoza should capture it. Do not engage [8] Toledo.\",\n  \"statement\": \"I am ordering the garrison of Valencia to attack Teruel, while sending the Murcia spearmen to reinforce Valencia. My border villages are being fortified with new spearmen and knights to prepare for enemy counterattacks. The archers marching to Zaragoza are expected to capture it. Capturing Teruel and Zaragoza will bring me to 18 villages, putting me on the path to victory.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A in a strategy game. I need to analyze the current state of the game (Turn 21), make decisions on builds and movements, and output a JSON object with the required fields.

Let's analyze the game state:
- Goal: Hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.
- Currently hold 16 of 24 villages.
- Enemy capital is Barcelona [22], but taking it is NOT required to win.
- Enemy is King B.

My villages (16):
[0] Lisboa (Capital): 17 troops (105 spearman, 56 archer, 6 knight total in my villages, but at home: 17). Wait, the summary says "TOTAL: 167 soldiers at home (105 spearman, 56 archer, 6 knight) + 12 marching".
Let's look at the available troops at each village:
[0] Lisboa: 4 spearman, 12 archer, 1 knight (attack power 32)
[1] Santarem: 4 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight (attack power 18)
[2] Evora: 12 spearman, 6 archer, 0 knight (attack power 24)
[3] Coimbra: 2 spearman, 3 archer, 0 knight (attack power 8)
[4] Badajoz: 18 spearman, 9 archer, 0 knight (attack power 36). Border with [8] Toledo (enemy).
[5] Faro: 10 spearman, 3 archer, 0 knight (attack power 16)
[6] Porto: 3 spearman, 6 archer, 0 knight (attack power 15)
[7] Salamanca: 12 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight (attack power 20). Already marching out: 12 archers to [17] Zaragoza, arrives in 1 turn.
[10] Vigo: 2 spearman, 3 archer, 0 knight (attack power 8)
[9] Sevilha: 0 troops.
[11] Cordoba: 12 spearman, 3 archer, 0 knight (attack power 18). Border with [8] Toledo.
[12] Madrid: 13 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight (attack power 19). Border with [8] Toledo, [17] Zaragoza.
[14] Burgos: 2 spearman, 3 archer, 0 knight (attack power 8)
[16] Valencia: 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight (attack power 11). Border with [13] Teruel, [18] Castellon.
[15] Murcia: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight (attack power 2)
[19] Pamplona: 6 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight (attack power 6). Border with [17] Zaragoza, [20] Huesca.

Enemy villages visible:
[8] Toledo: 12 spearmen, 1 archer, 8 knights. Effective defense 53.
[13] Teruel: 2 knights. Effective defense 5.
[17] Zaragoza: 4 spearmen, 3 knights. Effective defense 18.
[18] Castellon: 2 knights. Effective defense 5.
[20] Huesca: 4 knights. Effective defense 10.

Unexplored:
[21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona (Enemy Capital), [23] Girona.

Road network:
My border villages and their connections:
[4] Badajoz connects to [8] Toledo (enemy).
[11] Cordoba connects to [8] Toledo (enemy).
[12] Madrid connects to [8] Toledo, [17] Zaragoza (enemy).
[16] Valencia connects to [13] Teruel, [18] Castellon (enemy).
[19] Pamplona connects to [17] Zaragoza, [20] Huesca (enemy).

Let's check the enemy villages I can attack:
- [8] Toledo: Strong (defense 53, 12 spear, 1 arch, 8 knight). Difficult to take directly now, but maybe we can weaken it or surround it.
- [13] Teruel: Weak (defense 5, 2 knights). March from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [17] Zaragoza: Medium (defense 18, 4 spear, 3 knight). March from [12] Madrid or [19] Pamplona. My 12 archers from [7] Salamanca are arriving at [17] Zaragoza in 1 turn.
- [18] Castellon: Weak (defense 5, 2 knights). March from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [20] Huesca: Medium (defense 10, 4 knights). March from [19] Pamplona: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. I attacked here last turn and was defeated.

Let's look at the win condition: hold 18 villages. I currently hold 16. I need 2 more.
The enemy holds: [8] Toledo, [13] Teruel, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [20] Huesca, and the unexplored [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona, [23] Girona. Total enemy villages = 8 (if we count the unexplored ones).
Total villages on the map = 24.
My villages = 16.
Enemy villages = 8 (5 visible + 3 unexplored).
If I capture 2 enemy villages, I will have 18.
Which ones are the easiest?
[13] Teruel (defense 5, 2 knights)
[18] Castellon (defense 5, 2 knights)
These are very weak. If I capture them, I'll have 18 villages.
Wait, if I capture [13] Teruel and [18] Castellon, I'll have 18 villages. But I need to hold them for 2 consecutive turns to win, or just hold 18? "hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns".
So I need to capture them and hold them.

Let's look at the troops available to attack [13] Teruel and [18] Castellon.
They are both connected to [16] Valencia.
[16] Valencia has: 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight (attack power 11).
Wait, can I send troops from other villages to [16] Valencia to reinforce it, and then attack [13] and [18]?
Yes, I can send troops to [16] Valencia from [15] Murcia (1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns).
[15] Murcia has 2 spearman.
I can also build troops in my villages.
Let's check resources:
[0] Lisboa: wood 120, iron 210. Can build knights (30 wood, 30 iron) or archers (20 wood, 10 iron) or spearmen (15 wood, 0 iron).
[1] Santarem: wood 120, iron 230.
[2] Evora: wood 120, iron 290.
[3] Coimbra: wood 120, iron 260.
[4] Badajoz: wood 30, iron 210. Can build 2 spearmen (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
[5] Faro: wood 120, iron 260.
[6] Porto: wood 120, iron 210.
[7] Salamanca: wood 60, iron 110. (12 archers marching out, so they are not at home, but resources are still there? "Resources belong to EACH village... a village pays for its own builds from its own stock." The resources listed are the current stock. So Salamanca has 60 wood, 110 iron.)
[10] Vigo: wood 120, iron 180.
[9] Sevilha: wood 120, iron 180. 0 troops.
[11] Cordoba: wood 30, iron 120. Can build 2 spearmen (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
[12] Madrid: wood 40, iron 120. Can build 2 spearmen (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
[14] Burgos: wood 120, iron 100.
[16] Valencia: wood 70, iron 40. Can build 2 spearmen (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
[15] Murcia: wood 30, iron 80. Can build 2 spearmen (30 wood).
[19] Pamplona: wood 30, iron 80. Can build 2 spearmen (30 wood).

Let's plan the attacks.
Target 1: [13] Teruel. Defense 5 (2 knights).
Target 2: [18] Castellon. Defense 5 (2 knights).
To attack them, I need to send troops from [16] Valencia.
But [16] Valencia only has 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight.
If I send all of them to [13] Teruel, they will fight the 2 knights.
Let's calculate the battle at [13] Teruel:
My troops: 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight.
Enemy troops: 2 knights.
Most numerous type: Spearman (3) vs Knight (2). No counter bonus (spearman counters knight, but spearman is not the most numerous enemy type? Wait, "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
My most numerous: spearman (3).
Enemy most numerous: knight (2).
Spearman counters knight. So I get a 1.5x multiplier!
My attack power: Spearman attack 1 * 3 = 3. Archer attack 2 * 2 = 4. Knight attack 4 * 1 = 4. Total attack = 11.
With counter bonus: 11 * 1.5 = 16.5.
Enemy defense: Knight defense 2 * 2 = 4. Location bonus: village defense x1.25. Effective defense is already given as 5.
Wait, the rules say: "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again."
So enemy effective defense is 5.
My effective attack is 16.5.
I win easily.
What about losses?
"The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
Loser's effective force is 5.
My effective force is 16.5.
Attrition is usually proportional. I should lose some troops, but probably not many.
Wait, can I send more troops to [16] Valencia to make it even stronger and capture both [13] and [18] in the same turn?
If I send troops from [15] Murcia (2 spearman) to [16] Valencia, they will arrive in 1 turn (1 slow turn).
Then next turn, I can attack [13] and [18] with more troops.
But I need to issue orders for this turn.
Let's look at the movements I can make this turn.
I can send troops from [15] Murcia to [16] Valencia.
[15] Murcia has 2 spearman. I can send them to [16] Valencia.
I can also build troops in [16] Valencia. It has 70 wood, 40 iron. I can build 2 spearmen (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
Let's build 2 spearmen in [16] Valencia. Cost: 30 wood. Remaining wood: 40.
Or build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining wood: 40, iron: 10.
Let's build 1 knight in [16] Valencia.
Wait, if I build 1 knight, I have 3 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knights at [16] Valencia.
And I can send the 2 spearman from [15] Murcia to [16] Valencia. They will arrive next turn.
But I want to attack [13] Teruel and [18] Castellon THIS turn? No, orders are simultaneous. If I order an attack from [16] Valencia to [13] Teruel, the troops march for 1 turn (1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns). They will arrive next turn.
Wait, "march from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to [13] Teruel.
So if I order the attack this turn, the troops start marching and arrive next turn.
During this turn, the enemy will also make their orders.
So I should send troops from [16] Valencia to [13] Teruel and [18] Castellon this turn.
Let's see how many troops I can send from [16] Valencia.
Available: 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight.
If I send them all to [13] Teruel, I leave [16] Valencia empty. But [16] Valencia is my village, so it will still be mine. But if the enemy attacks it, it will have no garrison.
Wait, [16] Valencia is bordered by [13] Teruel, [18] Castellon, [15] Murcia. The enemy can only attack it from [13] or [18].
If I send all troops to [13], [18] might be attacked? No, the enemy can only attack my villages. [18] is enemy.
So I can send all troops from [16] Valencia to [13] Teruel.
Let's split them or send them all to one?
If I send all to [13] Teruel, I capture it. Then next turn I can attack [18] Castellon from [13] or [16].
But I need to capture 2 villages. Can I attack both [13] and [18] from [16] Valencia in the same turn?
"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
But I can send from [16] Valencia to [13] Teruel, and from [16] Valencia to [18] Castellon?
Wait, can a village send troops to two different targets in the same turn?
"Each village you hold produces resources every turn... Only order a build the village can pay for now."
Usually, a village can send multiple armies in a turn, or just one?
The rules don't explicitly say a village can only send one army. But "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up... each send fights alone". This implies a village can send multiple sends, or maybe just one?
Actually, in these types of games, a village can usually only send one army per turn, or you can split the garrison into multiple armies.
Let's assume I can split the garrison of [16] Valencia into two armies: one to [13] Teruel, one to [18] Castellon.
If I send 2 spearman, 1 archer to [13] Teruel, and 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight to [18] Castellon.
Let's calculate the battles:
[13] Teruel: 2 spearman, 1 archer. Attack = 2*1 + 2 = 4. Enemy: 2 knights. Defense = 4. Location bonus included in defense 5.
My attack 4 vs defense 5. I lose.
So I shouldn't split. I should send a strong army to one, and maybe reinforce [16] Valencia first.
Let's reinforce [16] Valencia.
I can send troops from [15] Murcia (2 spearman) to [16] Valencia.
And I can build troops in [16] Valencia.
Let's build 2 spearmen in [16] Valencia. Cost 30 wood.
Then [16] Valencia will have 5 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight.
Then I can send them all to [13] Teruel next turn.
But I need to capture 2 villages. If I only attack one per turn, it will take 2 turns to capture them, and then I need to hold them for 2 consecutive turns. That's 4 turns total.
Can I capture both in one turn?
If I send from [16] Valencia to [13] Teruel, and from [15] Murcia to [18] Castellon?
Wait, [15] Murcia is connected to [11] Cordoba, [16] Valencia. It is NOT connected to [18] Castellon.
Road network:
[15] Murcia: [11], [16]
[16] Valencia: [13], [15], [18]
So to reach [18] Castellon, I must go through [16] Valencia.
So I can only attack [18] from [16] Valencia.
Can I send from [16] Valencia to [13] and [18] in the same turn?
If I split the troops, the armies are weaker.
Let's look at the enemy's other villages.
[17] Zaragoza: defense 18 (4 spear, 3 knight).
My 12 archers from [7] Salamanca are arriving at [17] Zaragoza this turn.
If they arrive, they will reinforce the attack or defend?
"already marching out (NOT available): 12 archers... from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
Wait, the 12 archers are marching from [7] Salamanca to [17] Zaragoza. They arrive in 1 turn.
So next turn, they will be at [17] Zaragoza? No, they are marching TO [17] Zaragoza. [17] is an enemy village.
"An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination."
So the 12 archers will arrive at [17] Zaragoza and attack it!
Wait, if they are already ordered to attack [17] Zaragoza, they will arrive next turn and fight the garrison.
Let's check the path from [7] Salamanca to [17] Zaragoza.
[7] Salamanca connects to [3], [4], [6], [12].
[12] Madrid connects to [7], [8], [14], [17].
So the path is [7] -> [12] -> [17].
Is [12] Madrid my village? Yes, [12] Madrid is mine.
So the army marches [7] -> [12] -> [17].
Since [12] is mine, they pass through it. They stop at [17] which is enemy.
So they will attack [17] Zaragoza next turn.
The garrison of [17] Zaragoza is 4 spearmen, 3 knights. Defense 18.
My 12 archers: attack 2 * 12 = 24.
Enemy defense: 4 spear (def 2) + 3 knight (def 2) = 14. Location bonus included in 18.
My attack 24 vs defense 18. I should win.
But archers counter spearmen? No, archer counters spearman. So if my most numerous is archer (12) and enemy most numerous is spearman (4), I get 1.5x multiplier!
24 * 1.5 = 36 attack.
Enemy defense 18.
I win easily.
So [17] Zaragoza will likely fall next turn if the 12 archers arrive alone.
Wait, if [17] Zaragoza falls, I capture it. That's 1 village.
Then I need 1 more village to reach 18.
If I also attack [13] Teruel or [18] Castellon, I can get 2 villages this turn (well, the attacks resolve next turn).
Let's plan the attacks for next turn (the orders I make now):
1. The 12 archers are already marching to [17] Zaragoza. They will arrive next turn.
2. I can send troops from [16] Valencia to [13] Teruel.
3. I can send troops from [16] Valencia to [18] Castellon.
But I need to have enough troops in [16] Valencia.
Currently [16] Valencia has 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight.
If I send them all to [13] Teruel, I capture [13].
If I send them all to [18] Castellon, I capture [18].
Can I send some to [13] and some to [18]?
Let's see if I can split them to capture both.
To capture [13] Teruel (2 knights, defense 5):
If I send 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
Attack: 2*1 + 2 + 4 = 8. Most numerous: spearman (2) vs knight (2). Tie breaks spearman, archer, knight. So spearman is most numerous. Spearman counters knight. 1.5x multiplier.
8 * 1.5 = 12 attack vs defense 5. Win.
To capture [18] Castellon (2 knights, defense 5):
If I send 1 spearman, 1 archer.
Attack: 1 + 2 = 3. Most numerous: tie spearman/archer. Tie breaks spearman. Spearman counters knight. 1.5x multiplier.
3 * 1.5 = 4.5 attack vs defense 5. Lose.
So I cannot split the current troops of [16] Valencia to capture both.
I need to reinforce [16] Valencia first.
How can I reinforce [16] Valencia?
I can send troops from [15] Murcia (2 spearman) to [16] Valencia. They will arrive next turn.
But if I send them to [16] Valencia, they won't be attacking [13] or [18] this turn.
Wait, if I send them to [16] Valencia, they arrive next turn. Then next turn I can attack.
But I need to capture villages. The attacks I order NOW will resolve NEXT turn.
So if I order:
- Send 2 spearman from [15] Murcia to [16] Valencia. They arrive next turn.
- Send the 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight from [16] Valencia to [13] Teruel. They arrive next turn and attack [13].
Then next turn, [16] Valencia will have the 2 spearman from Murcia, plus any new builds.
And [13] Teruel will be attacked by the 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight.
What about [18] Castellon? I can attack it the turn after next.
But I also have the 12 archers attacking [17] Zaragoza next turn.
So next turn, I capture [17] Zaragoza and [13] Teruel. That's 2 villages!
Then I will have 18 villages!
Wait, if I capture [17] and [13] next turn, I will have 18 villages.
But I need to hold them for 2 consecutive turns.
If I capture them next turn (Turn 22), I hold 18 villages in Turn 22.
Then in Turn 23, I still hold them. That's 2 consecutive turns! I win in Turn 23.
So capturing [17] and [13] next turn is a great plan.
Let's verify the troops for [13] Teruel.
[16] Valencia has 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight.
If I send them all to [13] Teruel:
Attack: 3*1 + 2*2 + 1*4 = 11.
Most numerous: spearman (3). Enemy: knight (2). Spearman counters knight. 1.5x multiplier.
11 * 1.5 = 16.5 attack.
Enemy defense: 5.
Win.
What about losses?
Enemy effective force is 5.
My effective force is 16.5.
Attrition: I lose some troops, but probably not all.
Let's check if I can send more troops to [13] Teruel from somewhere else.
[13] Teruel is connected to [8] Toledo, [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon.
Can I send troops from [12] Madrid to [17] Zaragoza, and then from [17] to [13]? No, I can only march along roads, and I can't pass through enemy villages.
So I can only attack [13] from [16] Valencia (since [8] Toledo is enemy, [17] Zaragoza is enemy, [18] Castellon is enemy).
So [16] Valencia is the only source for [13] Teruel.
What about [18] Castellon? Connected to [13], [16], [21]. So only [16] Valencia can attack it.
What about [17] Zaragoza? Connected to [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona.
I can attack [17] Zaragoza from [12] Madrid, [19] Pamplona, and the marching 12 archers from [7] Salamanca.
The 12 archers are already marching.
Can I send more troops from [12] Madrid or [19] Pamplona to [17] Zaragoza?
[12] Madrid has 13 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
[19] Pamplona has 6 spearman.
If I send them to [17] Zaragoza, I can help capture it faster/with fewer losses.
But the 12 archers alone should win against the 4 spearman, 3 knight.
Let's calculate the 12 archers vs [17] Zaragoza:
My troops: 12 archers. Attack = 24.
Enemy: 4 spearman, 3 knight. Defense = 4*2 + 3*2 = 14. Location bonus included in 18.
Most numerous: archer (12) vs spearman (4). Archer counters spearman. 1.5x multiplier.
24 * 1.5 = 36 attack vs defense 18.
Win.
Losses: Enemy effective force 18. My effective force 36.
I might lose some archers, but not all 12.
So I don't need to send more to [17] Zaragoza.
But I can send troops from [12] Madrid to reinforce [12] Madrid itself? No, it's my village.
I can send troops from [12] Madrid to [8] Toledo? [8] is enemy, but connected to [12].
If I attack [8] Toledo, it has defense 53. That's too strong.
I can send troops from [12] Madrid to [14] Burgos (mine) or [7] Salamanca (mine).
Let's look at the overall troop distribution.
I need to make sure my border villages are strong enough to defend against enemy counterattacks.
The enemy might attack my border villages: [4] Badajoz, [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [16] Valencia, [19] Pamplona.
If I send all troops from [16] Valencia to [13] Teruel, [16] Valencia will be empty.
But [16] Valencia is connected to [15] Murcia (mine). So the enemy can only attack it from [13] or [18] (both enemy). If I capture [13], it becomes mine, so the enemy can attack [16] from [13].
But if I capture [13], I will station troops there.
Wait, when I capture a village, do the surviving troops stay there as garrison?
"The winner also takes losses... The losing army is destroyed entirely; the winner takes losses and keeps marching."
Ah! "keeps marching". This means the winning army continues to the destination they were ordered to!
Wait, if I order an attack on [13] Teruel, and I win, the surviving troops keep marching. But [13] is the destination. Do they stop there and become the garrison?
"An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there... The winner also takes losses... and keeps marching."
If the destination is the enemy village, and they win, do they occupy it?
Usually, in these games, if you attack and win, the village becomes yours, and the troops stay there as garrison.
Let's assume the troops stay in the captured village.
If they stay, then capturing [13] Teruel will put my troops there.
But I sent all troops from [16] Valencia. So [16] Valencia will be empty.
Is that a problem? [16] Valencia is bordered by [15] Murcia (mine), [13] (captured, mine), [18] (enemy).
If the enemy attacks [16] Valencia from [18] Castellon, they will find it empty. But if it's empty, they just capture it?
Wait, if a village has 0 troops, can the enemy capture it?
"effective defense (location bonus included): 15 | troops at home: 6 / 300" for [16] Valencia.
If I send all 6 troops, it has 0 troops. Defense would be just the location bonus?
Actually, the effective defense is calculated based on troops. If 0 troops, defense is 0? Or does the village have some default defense?
"effective defense (location bonus included): 15" is for the current 6 troops.
If I send them away, the defense will drop.
So I should leave some troops in [16] Valencia, or reinforce it.
I can send the 2 spearman from [15] Murcia to [16] Valencia. They will arrive next turn.
But this turn, [16] Valencia will have 0 troops if I send them all.
To prevent this, I can leave 1 spearman in [16] Valencia, and send 2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight to [13] Teruel.
Let's calculate 2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight vs 2 knights:
Attack: 2*1 + 2*2 + 1*4 = 10.
Most numerous: spearman (2) vs knight (2). Tie breaks spearman. Spearman counters knight. 1.5x multiplier.
10 * 1.5 = 15 attack vs defense 5. Win.
So I can leave 1 spearman in [16] Valencia, and send the rest to [13] Teruel.
This is safer.

Let's check the other border village: [19] Pamplona.
It has 6 spearman. It borders [17] Zaragoza and [20] Huesca.
If I don't send troops from [19] Pamplona, it has 6 spearman.
The enemy might attack it. 6 spearman vs enemy troops.
I can build more troops in [19] Pamplona. It has 30 wood, 80 iron. I can build 2 spearmen (30 wood).
Let's build 2 spearmen in [19] Pamplona. Then it will have 8 spearman.
What about [12] Madrid? It has 13 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. It borders [8] Toledo, [17] Zaragoza.
I can build troops there. Wood 40, iron 120. I can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 spearmen (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
Let's build 1 knight in [12] Madrid. Cost 30 wood, 30 iron.
Then [12] Madrid will have 13 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knights.
What about [4] Badajoz? It has 18 spearman, 9 archer. Wood 30, iron 210. I can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
Let's build 1 archer in [4] Badajoz.
What about [11] Cordoba? It has 12 spearman, 3 archer. Wood 30, iron 120. I can build 2 spearmen (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
Let's build 2 spearmen in [11] Cordoba.

Let's review the builds I can make:
- [16] Valencia: build 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood). It has 70 wood, 40 iron. After build: 5 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight.
Then I send 2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight to [13] Teruel. Leaving 3 spearman in [16] Valencia.
Wait, if I build 2 spearmen, I have 5 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight.
I send 2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight to [13] Teruel. Leaving 3 spearman in [16] Valencia.
That's even better!
Let's check the cost: 2 spearmen = 30 wood. [16] Valencia has 70 wood. OK.
- [15] Murcia: send 2 spearman to [16] Valencia. They will arrive next turn, reinforcing [16] Valencia to 5 spearman.
- [19] Pamplona: build 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood). It has 30 wood. OK.
- [12] Madrid: build 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). It has 40 wood, 120 iron. OK.
- [4] Badajoz: build 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron). It has 30 wood, 210 iron. OK.
- [11] Cordoba: build 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood). It has 30 wood, 120 iron. OK.

Let's check if I have enough resources and if the builds are valid.
[16] Valencia: wood 70, iron 40. Build 2 spearmen (30 wood). Remaining: 40 wood, 40 iron.
[19] Pamplona: wood 30, iron 80. Build 2 spearmen (30 wood). Remaining: 0 wood, 80 iron.
[12] Madrid: wood 40, iron 120. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: 10 wood, 90 iron.
[4] Badajoz: wood 30, iron 210. Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Remaining: 10 wood, 200 iron.
[11] Cordoba: wood 30, iron 120. Build 2 spearmen (30 wood). Remaining: 0 wood, 120 iron.

Are there any other builds?
What about [0] Lisboa? It has 120 wood, 210 iron. I can build knights or archers.
But I have enough troops for now. I should focus on the border villages.
Let's check the movements:
- From [16] Valencia to [13] Teruel: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight.
Wait, if I build 2 spearmen, [16] Valencia has 5 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight.
I send 2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. Leaving 3 spearman.
- From [15] Murcia to [16] Valencia: 2 spearman.
- The 12 archers from [7] Salamanca are already marching to [17] Zaragoza. I don't need to order them again.
Wait, the report says: "already marching out (NOT available): 12 archers". So they are already on their way. I don't need to issue a movement order for them.

Let's double check the road network and travel times.
[16] Valencia to [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
My army has spearman (slow), archer (medium), knight (fast). Mixed army marches at the speed of its slowest troop: slow.
So it takes 1 slow turn. Since the report says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns", it means 1 turn for slow troops, 1 turn for medium, 1 turn for fast. So they all arrive in 1 turn.
[15] Murcia to [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. 2 spearmen (slow) take 1 turn.

Let's check if I should send troops to [18] Castellon as well.
If I capture [13] Teruel and [17] Zaragoza, I get 2 villages, reaching 18.
Do I need to capture [18] Castellon? No, 18 is enough.
But capturing [18] would make it safer.
However, I don't have enough troops to capture both [13] and [18] this turn without leaving [16] Valencia very weak.
If I capture [13] and [17], I have 18 villages.
Let's verify the village count.
Currently I have 16.
If I capture [13] Teruel and [17] Zaragoza, I have 18.
The enemy will have: [8] Toledo, [18] Castellon, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona, [23] Girona. Total 6.
16 + 2 = 18. 18 + 6 = 24. Correct.
So capturing [13] and [17] is sufficient.

Let's check if the enemy can counterattack and take back [13] or [17] immediately.
If I capture [13] next turn, it becomes mine. The enemy can attack it from [8] Toledo, [17] Zaragoza (if they still hold it), [18] Castellon.
But [17] Zaragoza will also be captured by me next turn. So the enemy can only attack [13] from [8] Toledo and [18] Castellon.
[8] Toledo has 12 spear, 1 arch, 8 knight. They might send a army to [13].
But [13] will have my troops as garrison. How many?
The troops I send to [13] are 2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight.
After the battle, some will be lost. Let's estimate losses.
My effective attack: 15. Enemy effective defense: 5.
Attrition: I lose some troops. Maybe 1 or 2.
So the garrison might be 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
That's not very strong, but it's something.
Can I send more troops to [13] next turn?
Yes, I can build more in [16] Valencia and send them to [13] after it's captured.
But for now, capturing it is the priority.

Let's check the plan from last turn:
"Focus on capturing Valencia and Zaragoza to reach the 18-village threshold. Send all available troops from Murcia to Valencia. Send archers from Salamanca to Zaragoza to counter the enemy spearmen. Reinforce border villages Cordoba and Pamplona with troops from Sevilha and by building spearmen. Accept the loss of the 8 spearmen marching to Huesca as they cannot win alone."
This plan is still valid. I am focusing on capturing [13] Teruel (which is near Valencia) and [17] Zaragoza.
Wait, the note says "capturing Valencia and Zaragoza". But Valencia is already mine ([16] Valencia). It probably meant Teruel and Zaragoza.
Yes, [13] Teruel is the one near Valencia.

Let's write down the exact orders.

Builds:
- [16] Valencia: build 2 spearmen.
- [19] Pamplona: build 2 spearmen.
- [12] Madrid: build 1 knight.
- [4] Badajoz: build 1 archer.
- [11] Cordoba: build 2 spearmen.

Movements:
- From [16] Valencia to [13] Teruel: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight.
- From [15] Murcia to [16] Valencia: 2 spearman.

Wait, can I send troops from [12] Madrid to [17] Zaragoza?
The 12 archers are already marching to [17] Zaragoza.
If I also send troops from [12] Madrid to [17] Zaragoza, they will arrive next turn and fight together? No, "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So if I send from [12] Madrid, they will fight a separate battle.
But the 12 archers should win alone. So I don't need to send from [12] Madrid.
Actually, I can send the 1 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight from [12] Madrid to [17] Zaragoza to help?
But [12] Madrid is a border village. If I empty it, it might be attacked from [8] Toledo.
[8] Toledo is strong. The enemy might attack [12] Madrid.
So I should keep troops in [12] Madrid.
I will just build 1 knight there and keep the rest.

Let's check if I should send troops from [19] Pamplona to [17] Zaragoza.
[19] Pamplona has 6 spearman. If I send them to [17] Zaragoza, they can help.
But [19] Pamplona is also a border village, bordering [20] Huesca.
If I empty it, the enemy from [20] Huesca could attack it.
[20] Huesca has 4 knights.
If I leave 6 spearman in [19] Pamplona, it can defend against 4 knights.
Spearman counters knight. 6 spearman vs 4 knights.
Attack: 6. Defense: 8. With counter: 6 * 1.5 = 9 vs 8. Win.
So 6 spearman can defend [19] Pamplona against [20] Huesca.
So I should keep them there.

What about [4] Badajoz? It borders [8] Toledo. It has 18 spearman, 9 archer. Very strong. I don't need to send them anywhere.

Let's review the JSON format.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 19, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 12, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 4, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 11, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 16, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 2, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 15, "toId": 16, "troops": {"spearman": 2}}
  ],
  "plan": "...",
  "statement": "..."
}

Let's check the village IDs in the report:
[0] Lisboa
[1] Santarem
[2] Evora
[3] Coimbra
[4] Badajoz
[5] Faro
[6] Porto
[7] Salamanca
[8] Toledo (enemy)
[9] Sevilha
[10] Vigo
[11] Cordoba
[12] Madrid
[13] Teruel (enemy)
[14] Burgos
[15] Murcia
[16] Valencia
[17] Zaragoza (enemy)
[18] Castellon (enemy)
[19] Pamplona
[20] Huesca (enemy)

IDs match.

Let's double check the troops available for movement from [16] Valencia.
Report says: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight (attack power if all sent: 11)"
If I build 2 spearmen, I will have 5 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight.
I am sending 2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight.
This leaves 3 spearman in [16] Valencia.
Is this allowed? Yes, I am sending a subset of the available troops.

Let's double check the troops available for movement from [15] Murcia.
Report says: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight (attack power if all sent: 2)"
I am sending 2 spearman. This leaves 0.
Is this allowed? Yes.

Let's double check the builds.
[16] Valencia: wood 70, iron 40. Build 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood). OK.
[19] Pamplona: wood 30, iron 80. Build 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood). OK.
[12] Madrid: wood 40, iron 120. Build 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). OK.
[4] Badajoz: wood 30, iron 210. Build 1 archer (cost 20 wood, 10 iron). OK.
[11] Cordoba: wood 30, iron 120. Build 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood). OK.

Wait, [11] Cordoba has wood 30. Build 2 spearmen costs 30 wood. Remaining wood 0. OK.
[4] Badajoz has wood 30. Build 1 archer costs 20 wood. Remaining wood 10. OK.
[12] Madrid has wood 40. Build 1 knight costs 30 wood. Remaining wood 10. OK.
[19] Pamplona has wood 30. Build 2 spearmen costs 30 wood. Remaining wood 0. OK.
[16] Valencia has wood 70. Build 2 spearmen costs 30 wood. Remaining wood 40. OK.

Are there any other villages I should build in?
[0] Lisboa has 120 wood, 210 iron. I can build knights. But I don't need them immediately.
[2] Evora has 120 wood, 290 iron. Same.
[5] Faro has 120 wood, 260 iron. Same.
[6] Porto has 120 wood, 210 iron. Same.
[7] Salamanca has 60 wood, 110 iron. But 12 archers are marching out. I can build more archers or spearmen.
Let's build 2 spearmen in [7] Salamanca? Cost 30 wood. It has 60 wood.
Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
Actually, Salamanca is interior, no enemy border. So I don't need to rush.
But building troops is always good.
Let's build 2 spearmen in [7] Salamanca. Cost 30 wood.
And 2 spearmen in [10] Vigo? Wood 120, iron 180. Interior.
And 2 spearmen in [14] Burgos? Wood 120, iron 100. Interior.
But I should focus on the most critical ones first.
The border villages are [4] Badajoz, [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [16] Valencia, [19] Pamplona.
I have already planned builds for all of them.
Let's add builds for some interior villages to keep the army growing.
[0] Lisboa: build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). It has 120 wood, 210 iron.
[2] Evora: build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). It has 120 wood, 290 iron.
But knights are expensive and I might need wood/iron for other things.
Actually, resources are per village. So using them in Lisboa and Evora is fine.
But I don't want to overcomplicate the build list. The current builds are good.

Let's write the plan and statement.

Plan:
"Capture Teruel and Zaragoza to reach 18 villages. Send all available troops from Valencia to Teruel. Send spearmen from Murcia to Valencia to reinforce it. Build spearmen in border villages Pamplona, Cordoba, and Valencia to strengthen defenses. The archers marching to Zaragoza should capture it. Do not attack Toledo yet as it is too strong."

Statement:
"This turn, I am focusing on capturing Teruel and Zaragoza to secure the 18-village threshold. I have ordered the garrison of Valencia to march on Teruel, while sending reinforcements from Murcia. My border villages are being fortified with new spearmen and knights to withstand any enemy counterattacks. The archers from Salamanca are poised to take Zaragoza. With these two captures, I will reach the majority needed to win."

Let's check the character limits.
"plan": 2 to 4 lines, past 600 characters is cut off.
"statement": 2 to 4 lines.

Let's refine the plan to be concise and useful.
"Focus on capturing [13] Teruel and [17] Zaragoza next turn to reach 18 villages. Send troops from [16] Valencia to [13] Teruel, and reinforce [16] Valencia with spearmen from [15] Murcia. Build spearmen in border villages [19] Pamplona, [11] Cordoba, and [16] Valencia. The 12 archers marching to [17] Zaragoza should capture it. Do not engage [8] Toledo."

Statement:
"I am ordering the garrison of Valencia to attack Teruel, while sending the Murcia spearmen to reinforce Valencia. My border villages are being fortified with new spearmen and knights to prepare for enemy counterattacks. The archers marching to Zaragoza are expected to capture it. Capturing Teruel and Zaragoza will bring me to 18 villages, putting me on the path to victory."

Let's double check the JSON structure.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 19, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 12, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 4, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 11, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 16, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 2, "knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 15, "toId": 16, "troops": {"spearman": 2}}
  ],
  "plan": "Focus on capturing [13] Teruel and [17] Zaragoza next turn to reach 18 villages. Send troops from [16] Valencia to [13] Teruel, and reinforce [16] Valencia with spearmen from [15] Murcia. Build spearmen in border villages [19] Pamplona, [11] Cordoba, and [16] Valencia. The 12 archers marching to [17] Zaragoza should capture it. Do not engage [8] Toledo.",
  "statement": "I am ordering the garrison of Valencia to attack Teruel, while sending the Murcia spearmen to reinforce Valencia. My border villages are being fortified with new spearmen and knights to prepare for enemy counterattacks. The archers marching to Zaragoza are expected to capture it. Capturing Teruel and Zaragoza will bring me to 18 villages, putting me on the path to victory."
}

Wait, I should check if I can build in [7] Salamanca.
[7] Salamanca has 60 wood, 110 iron. 12 archers are marching out.
I can build 2 spearmen (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
Let's add {"villageId": 7, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2} to builds.
And maybe {"villageId": 0, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1} to Lisboa.
But the current list is already quite long and covers the essential border villages.
Let's stick to the essential ones to avoid errors.

Let's review the combat rules again to ensure my attack on [13] Teruel is correct.
My troops: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight.
Enemy: 2 knights.
Most numerous type: Spearman (2) vs Knight (2). Tie breaks in the order spearman, archer, knight. So spearman is the most numerous type.
Spearman counters knight. Multiplier 1.5x.
My attack: spearman 1*2 = 2. archer 2*2 = 4. knight 4*1 = 4. Total = 10.
With multiplier: 10 * 1.5 = 15.
Enemy defense: knight 2*2 = 4. Location bonus included in effective defense 5.
My attack 15 vs defense 5. Win.
Losses: My effective force 15, enemy effective force 5.
Attrition is usually (enemy force / my force) * my troops or something similar.
I should lose some troops, but the village will be captured.
The surviving troops will be the garrison.
This is correct.

Let's review the movement from [15] Murcia to [16] Valencia.
[15] Murcia has 2 spearman. I send them to [16] Valencia.
Travel time: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Spearman is slow, so 1 turn.
They will arrive next turn.
This is correct.

Let's review the build in [16] Valencia.
Build 2 spearmen. Cost 30 wood.
[16] Valencia has 70 wood. After build, 40 wood.
Troops at home before build: 3 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight.
After build: 5 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight.
I send 2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight.
Remaining: 3 spearman.
This is correct.

Let's review the build in [19] Pamplona.
Build 2 spearmen. Cost 30 wood.
[19] Pamplona has 30 wood. After build, 0 wood.
Troops at home before build: 6 spearman.
After build: 8 spearman.
I don't send any.
Remaining: 8 spearman.
This is correct.

Let's review the build in [12] Madrid.
Build 1 knight. Cost 30 wood, 30 iron.
[12] Madrid has 40 wood, 120 iron. After build, 10 wood, 90 iron.
Troops at home before build: 13 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
After build: 13 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knights.
I don't send any.
Remaining: 13 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knights.
This is correct.

Let's review the build in [4] Badajoz.
Build 1 archer. Cost 20 wood, 10 iron.
[4] Badajoz has 30 wood, 210 iron. After build, 10 wood, 200 iron.
Troops at home before build: 18 spearman, 9 archer.
After build: 18 spearman, 10 archer.
I don't send any.
Remaining: 18 spearman, 10 archer.
This is correct.

Let's review the build in [11] Cordoba.
Build 2 spearmen. Cost 30 wood.
[11] Cordoba has 30 wood, 120 iron. After build, 0 wood, 120 iron.
Troops at home before build: 12 spearman, 3 archer.
After build: 14 spearman, 3 archer.
I don't send any.
Remaining: 14 spearman, 3 archer.
This is correct.

Everything seems solid.
The plan is to capture Teruel and Zaragoza to reach 18 villages.
The movements and builds support this plan.
The JSON is valid.
I will output the JSON now.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":16,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":15,"destinoId":16,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [12]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO envio [16]->[13]: 2S+2A+1K
ACEITO envio [15]->[16]: 2S
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Focus on capturing [13] Teruel and [17] Zaragoza next turn to reach 18 villages. Send troops from [16] Valencia to [13] Teruel, and reinforce [16] Valencia with spearmen from [15] Murcia. Build spearmen in border villages [19] Pamplona, [11] Cordoba, and [16] Valencia. The 12 archers marching to [17] Zaragoza should capture it. Do not engage [8] Toledo.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): I am ordering the garrison of Valencia to attack Teruel, while sending the Murcia spearmen to reinforce Valencia. My border villages are being fortified with new spearmen and knights to prepare for enemy counterattacks. The archers marching to Zaragoza are expected to capture it. Capturing Teruel and Zaragoza will bring me to 18 villages, putting me on the path to victory.
########## TURNO 21 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4376 | resposta 7313 | raciocinio 4672 | finish stop | ms 89194
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 8, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 21, \"toId\": 18, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 4}},\n    {\"fromId\": 22, \"toId\": 21, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 20, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 4}},\n    {\"fromId\": 23, \"toId\": 20, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 13, \"toId\": 18, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 2}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Focus on the northern front to capture Valencia and Pamplona. Reinforce Castellon and Zaragoza with knights from Tarragona, Barcelona, Huesca, Girona, and Teruel. Build knights in all northern villages to maintain momentum. Next turn, attack Valencia with the gathered knights. Hold Zaragoza against the incoming enemy army.\",\n  \"statement\": \"I am moving my knight reserves to the northern front to crush the enemy's weak points. Tarragona's knights march to Castellon, Barcelona reinforces Tarragona, while Huesca and Girona send knights to Zaragoza to secure it against the enemy's approaching army. All northern villages are building knights to swell our ranks.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The task is to play as King B, holding 8 of 24 villages, needing 18 for 2 consecutive turns or eliminate all enemy villages.
Current turn is 21.
Let's analyze the state:
My villages:
- [22] Barcelona (Capital): 6 troops (6 spearman? No, "6 / 300", "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 4 knight". Total troops at home: 6 spearman, 0 archer, 4 knight? Wait, the text says: "TOTAL: 50 soldiers at home (20 spearman, 1 archer, 29 knight) + 0 marching".
Let's look at the available troops per village:
[22] Barcelona: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 4 knight. (Total 6)
[21] Tarragona: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 4 knight. (Total 4)
[23] Girona: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight. (Total 4)
[18] Castellon: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight. (Total 2)
[17] Zaragoza: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight. (Total 7)
[20] Huesca: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 4 knight. (Total 4)
[13] Teruel: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight. (Total 2)
[8] Toledo: 12 spearman, 1 archer, 8 knight. (Total 21)
Total at home: 2+0+4 (Barcelona) + 4 (Tarragona) + 4 (Girona) + 2 (Castellon) + 7 (Zaragoza) + 4 (Huesca) + 2 (Teruel) + 21 (Toledo) = 50.
Let's check the types:
spearman: 2 (Barcelona) + 0 + 2 (Girona) + 0 + 4 (Zaragoza) + 0 + 0 + 12 (Toledo) = 20 spearman.
archer: 0 + 0 + 0 + 0 + 0 + 0 + 0 + 1 (Toledo) = 1 archer.
knight: 4 (Barcelona) + 4 (Tarragona) + 2 (Girona) + 2 (Castellon) + 3 (Zaragoza) + 4 (Huesca) + 2 (Teruel) + 8 (Toledo) = 29 knight.
Matches the total!

Enemy villages visible:
[16] Valencia (enemy): 3 spearmen, 2 archers, 1 knight, defense 15.
[12] Madrid (enemy): 13 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight, defense 38.
[19] Pamplona (enemy): 6 spearmen, defense 15.
[11] Cordoba (enemy): 12 spearmen, 3 archers, defense 38.
[4] Badajoz (enemy): 18 spearmen, 9 archers, defense 68.

Enemy capital: [0] Lisboa (unexplored).

Let's look at the front line:
- [18] Castellon (yours, 2 knights) faces [16] Valencia (enemy, defense 15).
- [17] Zaragoza (yours, 4 spearman, 3 knight) faces [12] Madrid (defense 38), [19] Pamplona (defense 15).
- [20] Huesca (yours, 4 knights) faces [19] Pamplona (defense 15).
- [13] Teruel (yours, 2 knights) faces [16] Valencia (defense 15).
- [8] Toledo (yours, 12 spearman, 1 archer, 8 knight, defense 53) faces [4] Badajoz (defense 68), [11] Cordoba (defense 38), [12] Madrid (defense 38).

Let's look at the road connections:
[18] Castellon connects to [13], [16], [21].
[17] Zaragoza connects to [12], [13], [19], [20], [21].
[20] Huesca connects to [17], [19], [23].
[13] Teruel connects to [8], [16], [17], [18].
[8] Toledo connects to [4], [11], [12], [13].

Enemy army marching toward [17] Zaragoza arrives in 1 turn.
What is the enemy army marching toward Zaragoza? We don't know the composition, but it's arriving in 1 turn.

Let's plan the moves.
We need to capture villages. We currently have 8. We need 18.
The enemy has: [16] Valencia, [12] Madrid, [19] Pamplona, [11] Cordoba, [4] Badajoz, [15] Murcia, [14] Burgos, [7] Salamanca, and probably [0] Lisboa, [1] Santarem, [2] Evora, [3] Coimbra, [5] Faro, [6] Porto, [9] Sevilha, [10] Vigo. Total 16 enemy villages (since total is 24, we have 8, so 16 enemy).
We need to conquer 10 more villages, or reduce enemy to 0 (which means conquering all 16).
Since holding 18 for 2 consecutive turns is easier, we should try to expand.
Let's look at the weak spots:
[16] Valencia has defense 15, garrison: 3 spearmen, 2 archers, 1 knight.
[19] Pamplona has defense 15, garrison: 6 spearmen.
We can attack [16] Valencia from [18] Castellon or [13] Teruel.
We can attack [19] Pamplona from [17] Zaragoza or [20] Huesca.
Let's look at our troops.
In [18] Castellon: 2 knight. Attack value of 2 knights: 2 * 4 = 8. Defense of Valencia is 15. If we attack with 2 knights, we have 8 attack vs 15 defense. We will lose. We need more troops.
We can send troops from Barcelona [22] to Castellon [18] (2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns) or Tarragona [21] to Castellon [18] (1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns).
Wait, march times:
From [22] Barcelona to [18] Castellon: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
From [21] Tarragona to [18] Castellon: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
From [23] Girona to [20] Huesca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
From [17] Zaragoza to [20] Huesca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

Let's check the troop types and counters.
Knight: attack 4, defense 2, speed fast. Cost 30 wood, 30 iron.
Archer: attack 2, defense 2, speed medium. Cost 20 wood, 10 iron.
Spearman: attack 1, defense 2, speed slow. Cost 15 wood, 0 iron.

Let's look at the resources:
Barcelona: wood 60, iron 60.
Tarragona: wood 60, iron 50.
Girona: wood 60, iron 50.
Castellon: wood 60, iron 60.
Zaragoza: wood 60, iron 60.
Huesca: wood 60, iron 50.
Teruel: wood 60, iron 40.
Toledo: wood 60, iron 180.

We can build troops!
Each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn.
Wait, the resources are per village, and they pay for their own builds.
Let's see what we can build this turn:
Barcelona: wood 60, iron 60.
Can build:
- Spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron. Can build up to 4 (60/15). But cap is 300, currently 6. So we can build 4 spearman (cost 60 wood, 0 iron).
- Archer: 20 wood, 10 iron. Can build up to 3 (60 wood, 30 iron) or 6 (120 wood, 60 iron - but we only have 60 wood). So max 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron).
- Knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
Let's build knights in Barcelona: 2 knights (cost 60 wood, 60 iron).

Tarragona: wood 60, iron 50.
Can build:
- Spearman: 4 (60 wood, 0 iron).
- Archer: 2 (40 wood, 20 iron).
- Knight: 1 (30 wood, 30 iron).
Let's build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and maybe some spearmen? Or just 1 knight.

Girona: wood 60, iron 50.
Can build:
- Knight: 1 (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Spearman: 4 (60 wood).
Let's build 1 knight.

Castellon: wood 60, iron 60.
Can build:
- Knight: 2 (60 wood, 60 iron).
Let's build 2 knights.

Zaragoza: wood 60, iron 60.
Can build:
- Knight: 2 (60 wood, 60 iron).
Let's build 2 knights.

Huesca: wood 60, iron 50.
Can build:
- Knight: 1 (30 wood, 30 iron).
Let's build 1 knight.

Teruel: wood 60, iron 40.
Can build:
- Knight: 1 (30 wood, 30 iron).
Let's build 1 knight.

Toledo: wood 60, iron 180.
Can build:
- Knight: 2 (60 wood, 60 iron).
- Archer: 3 (60 wood, 30 iron).
- Spearman: 4 (60 wood).
Let's build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and maybe some archers? Toledo has 1 archer, 8 knight, 12 spearman.
Let's build 2 knights.

Wait, we need to defend and attack.
Let's look at the enemy army marching towards Zaragoza. It arrives in 1 turn. If we don't defend Zaragoza, it might take it or we might repel it. Zaragoza has 7 troops (4 spearman, 3 knight). Defense is 18.
If we send reinforcements to Zaragoza, we can make it stronger.
But we also want to attack.
Let's look at the attack on [16] Valencia.
Valencia has defense 15. Garrison: 3 spearmen, 2 archers, 1 knight.
If we attack Valencia from Castellon [18] or Teruel [13].
Castellon has 2 knights. If we send them, attack is 8. Not enough.
If we send troops from Tarragona [21] to Castellon [18], they arrive in 1 fast turn (or 1 medium, 1 slow).
Wait, march times:
"from here to your nearest border village [18] Castellon: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Barcelona.
"from here to your nearest border village [18] Castellon: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Tarragona.
So if we send from Tarragona to Castellon, they arrive in 1 turn (if knights, fast).
If we send knights from Tarragona (4 knights) to Castellon, they arrive in 1 turn. Then next turn we can attack Valencia.
But we need to build first.
Let's look at the build options.
We can build knights in almost all villages.
Let's write down the build orders:
Barcelona: 2 knights (cost 60 wood, 60 iron).
Tarragona: 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron).
Girona: 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron).
Castellon: 2 knights (cost 60 wood, 60 iron).
Zaragoza: 2 knights (cost 60 wood, 60 iron).
Huesca: 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron).
Teruel: 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron).
Toledo: 2 knights (cost 60 wood, 60 iron).
Total knights built: 2+1+1+2+2+1+1+2 = 12 knights.
This will cost:
Barcelona: 60 wood, 60 iron.
Tarragona: 30 wood, 30 iron.
Girona: 30 wood, 30 iron.
Castellon: 60 wood, 60 iron.
Zaragoza: 60 wood, 60 iron.
Huesca: 30 wood, 30 iron.
Teruel: 30 wood, 30 iron.
Toledo: 60 wood, 60 iron.
Total wood: 60+30+30+60+60+30+30+60 = 360 wood. But each village only has 60 wood! So we can't build all of them if we use all wood.
Ah, each village has its own wood.
Barcelona has 60 wood. 2 knights cost 60 wood. So 0 wood left.
Tarragona has 60 wood. 1 knight costs 30 wood. 30 wood left. We can also build 2 spearmen (30 wood).
Girona has 60 wood. 1 knight costs 30 wood. 30 wood left.
Castellon has 60 wood. 2 knights cost 60 wood.
Zaragoza has 60 wood. 2 knights cost 60 wood.
Huesca has 60 wood. 1 knight costs 30 wood. 30 wood left.
Teruel has 60 wood. 1 knight costs 30 wood. 30 wood left.
Toledo has 60 wood. 2 knights cost 60 wood.
This is perfectly balanced! Each village uses exactly its wood (or leaves 30).
Let's check iron:
Barcelona: 60 iron. 2 knights cost 60 iron. OK.
Tarragona: 50 iron. 1 knight costs 30 iron. 20 iron left.
Girona: 50 iron. 1 knight costs 30 iron. 20 iron left.
Castellon: 60 iron. 2 knights cost 60 iron. OK.
Zaragoza: 60 iron. 2 knights cost 60 iron. OK.
Huesca: 50 iron. 1 knight costs 30 iron. 20 iron left.
Teruel: 40 iron. 1 knight costs 30 iron. 10 iron left.
Toledo: 180 iron. 2 knights cost 60 iron. 120 iron left.
This is very feasible!

Let's think about movements.
We want to attack [16] Valencia and [19] Pamplona.
Valencia is connected to [18] Castellon and [13] Teruel.
Pamplona is connected to [17] Zaragoza and [20] Huesca.
If we send troops from Tarragona [21] to Castellon [18], they arrive in 1 turn.
If we send troops from Barcelona [22] to Tarragona [21], they arrive in 1 turn (or 2).
Wait, Tarragona is our village. We can send troops from Barcelona to Tarragona to reinforce it, then from Tarragona to Castellon.
But we can also send directly from Barcelona to Castellon (2 turns).
Let's look at the march times:
Barcelona to Castellon: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Tarragona to Castellon: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
So if we send knights from Tarragona to Castellon, they arrive in 1 fast turn.
Let's send the 4 knights from Tarragona to Castellon.
And send 2 knights from Barcelona to Tarragona (to replace them).
Wait, Barcelona to Tarragona: road is [22] Barcelona - [21] Tarragona. March time: 1 turn.
Let's check the road network:
[21] Tarragona: [17], [18], [22].
[22] Barcelona: [21], [23].
So Barcelona to Tarragona is 1 step.
Let's send 2 knights from Barcelona to Tarragona.
And send 4 knights from Tarragona to Castellon.
Then Castellon will have its own 2 knights + 4 from Tarragona = 6 knights.
Plus we build 2 knights in Castellon this turn, so next turn it will have 8 knights.
With 8 knights, attack is 32. Valencia defense is 15. We can easily take it!
Wait, what about the enemy army marching towards Zaragoza?
Zaragoza has 4 spearman, 3 knight. Defense 18.
If we build 2 knights in Zaragoza, it will have 4 spearman, 5 knight.
We can also send reinforcements to Zaragoza.
From Huesca [20] to Zaragoza [17]: 1 turn.
Huesca has 4 knights. We can send them to Zaragoza.
But Huesca faces [19] Pamplona. If we send them, Huesca will be empty.
But Zaragoza is closer to the enemy army.
Let's send 4 knights from Huesca to Zaragoza.
And build 1 knight in Huesca.
And send 2 knights from Girona [23] to Huesca [20] (1 turn).
Girona to Huesca: [23] Girona - [20] Huesca. 1 turn.
So Girona sends 2 knights to Huesca.
Huesca sends 4 knights to Zaragoza.
Zaragoza will have 4 spearman, 3 knight + 4 knight = 4 spearman, 7 knight. Defense 18 + troops.
This is a solid defense.

Let's look at the southern front: Toledo [8].
Toledo has 12 spearman, 1 archer, 8 knight. Defense 53.
It faces [4] Badajoz (defense 68), [11] Cordoba (defense 38), [12] Madrid (defense 38).
We can attack [11] Cordoba or [12] Madrid.
But they have strong garrisons.
Cordoba: 12 spearmen, 3 archers, defense 38.
Madrid: 13 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight, defense 38.
If we attack Cordoba from Toledo, we need a good army.
Toledo has 21 troops. If we send them, attack power:
12 spearman (12) + 1 archer (2) + 8 knight (32) = 46 attack.
Defense of Cordoba is 38.
But wait, the counter triangle:
Most numerous type in our army: spearman (12).
Most numerous type in enemy army: spearman (12).
So spearman vs spearman. No counter bonus.
Effective force: 46 vs 38. We win, but we lose troops.
If we want to attack, we should use knights mostly, or archers if they have spearmen.
Enemy has 12 spearmen, 3 archers. Most numerous is spearman.
If we send knights, most numerous in our army would be knights (if we send more knights than spearmen).
But we have 12 spearmen in Toledo. If we send all, spearman is most numerous.
If we send only knights and archers, we can control the counter.
But we need to build up first.

Let's focus on the northern front first, as the enemy there is weaker (Valencia defense 15, Pamplona defense 15).
Let's plan the moves for this turn:
Builds:
- Barcelona: 2 knights
- Tarragona: 1 knight
- Girona: 1 knight
- Castellon: 2 knights
- Zaragoza: 2 knights
- Huesca: 1 knight
- Teruel: 1 knight
- Toledo: 2 knights

Movements:
- From Tarragona [21] to Castellon [18]: 4 knights.
- From Barcelona [22] to Tarragona [21]: 2 knights.
- From Huesca [20] to Zaragoza [17]: 4 knights.
- From Girona [23] to Huesca [20]: 2 knights.
- From Teruel [13] to Castellon [18]: 2 knights? Teruel has 2 knights. If we send them to Castellon, Castellon gets even more knights.
Let's check Teruel to Castellon: [13] Teruel - [18] Castellon. 1 turn.
If we send 2 knights from Teruel to Castellon, Castellon will have 2 (own) + 4 (from Tarragona) + 2 (from Teruel) = 8 knights, plus 2 built = 10 knights.
But Teruel will be empty. Teruel faces Valencia too.
If we take Valencia, Teruel is safe.
Let's send 2 knights from Teruel to Castellon.
And build 1 knight in Teruel.
So next turn Teruel has 1 knight.

Let's check the march times and arrival.
All these marches are 1 turn (fast).
So they will arrive next turn (turn 22).
Then on turn 22 we can attack Valencia from Castellon with 10 knights (attack 40) vs defense 15. Easy win.
And Zaragoza will have 4 spearman, 3 knight + 4 knight = 11 troops, defense 18. It can hold against the enemy army marching there.

Let's double check the troop counts and available to send:
Barcelona: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 4 knight.
We build 2 knights. Total 6 knights.
We send 2 knights to Tarragona. 4 knights left.
Tarragona: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 4 knight.
We build 1 knight. Total 5 knights.
We send 4 knights to Castellon. 1 knight left.
Girona: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight.
We build 1 knight. Total 3 knights.
We send 2 knights to Huesca. 1 knight left.
Castellon: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight.
We build 2 knights. Total 4 knights.
We receive 4 from Tarragona, 2 from Teruel. Total 10 knights.
Zaragoza: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight.
We build 2 knights. Total 5 knights.
We receive 4 from Huesca. Total 9 knights (and 4 spearman).
Huesca: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 4 knight.
We build 1 knight. Total 5 knights.
We send 4 to Zaragoza. 1 knight left.
We receive 2 from Girona. Total 3 knights.
Teruel: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight.
We build 1 knight. Total 3 knights.
We send 2 to Castellon. 1 knight left.
Toledo: 12 spearman, 1 archer, 8 knight.
We build 2 knights. Total 10 knights.

This looks very solid.
Let's write the plan and statement.

Plan:
"Focus on the northern front to capture Valencia and Pamplona. Reinforce Castellon and Zaragoza with knights from Tarragona, Barcelona, Huesca, Girona, and Teruel. Build knights in all northern villages to maintain momentum. Next turn, attack Valencia with the gathered knights. Hold Zaragoza against the incoming enemy army."

Statement:
"I am moving my knight reserves to the northern front to crush the enemy's weak points. Tarragona's knights march to Castellon, Barcelona reinforces Tarragona, while Huesca and Girona send knights to Zaragoza to secure it against the enemy's approaching army. All northern villages are building knights to swell our ranks."

Let's check the JSON format.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 13, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 8, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 21, "toId": 18, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 4}},
    {"fromId": 22, "toId": 21, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 20, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 4}},
    {"fromId": 23, "toId": 20, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 13, "toId": 18, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 2}}
  ],
  "plan": "...",
  "statement": "..."
}

Let's verify the village IDs:
Barcelona: 22
Tarragona: 21
Girona: 23
Castellon: 18
Zaragoza: 17
Huesca: 20
Teruel: 13
Toledo: 8
All IDs are correct.

Let's verify the troop counts for movements:
Tarragona has 4 knights. Sending 4 to Castellon. OK.
Barcelona has 4 knights. Sending 2 to Tarragona. OK.
Huesca has 4 knights. Sending 4 to Zaragoza. OK.
Girona has 2 knights. Sending 2 to Huesca. OK.
Teruel has 2 knights. Sending 2 to Castellon. OK.

Let's verify the builds:
Barcelona: 2 knights. Cost 60 wood, 60 iron. Has 60 wood, 60 iron. OK.
Tarragona: 1 knight. Cost 30 wood, 30 iron. Has 60 wood, 50 iron. OK.
Girona: 1 knight. Cost 30 wood, 30 iron. Has 60 wood, 50 iron. OK.
Castellon: 2 knights. Cost 60 wood, 60 iron. Has 60 wood, 60 iron. OK.
Zaragoza: 2 knights. Cost 60 wood, 60 iron. Has 60 wood, 60 iron. OK.
Huesca: 1 knight. Cost 30 wood, 30 iron. Has 60 wood, 50 iron. OK.
Teruel: 1 knight. Cost 30 wood, 30 iron. Has 60 wood, 40 iron. OK.
Toledo: 2 knights. Cost 60 wood, 60 iron. Has 60 wood, 180 iron. OK.

Everything is perfectly valid and within the rules.
The plan is to attack Valencia next turn.
I will output the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"cavaleiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":21,"destinoId":18,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":4}},{"origemId":22,"destinoId":21,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":20,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":4}},{"origemId":23,"destinoId":20,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":13,"destinoId":18,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":2}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [18]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [18]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [17]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [17]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [20]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [13]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [8]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [8]
ACEITO envio [21]->[18]: 4K
ACEITO envio [22]->[21]: 2K
ACEITO envio [20]->[17]: 4K
ACEITO envio [23]->[20]: 2K
ACEITO envio [13]->[18]: 2K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Focus on the northern front to capture Valencia and Pamplona. Reinforce Castellon and Zaragoza with knights from Tarragona, Barcelona, Huesca, Girona, and Teruel. Build knights in all northern villages to maintain momentum. Next turn, attack Valencia with the gathered knights. Hold Zaragoza against the incoming enemy army.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): I am moving my knight reserves to the northern front to crush the enemy's weak points. Tarragona's knights march to Castellon, Barcelona reinforces Tarragona, while Huesca and Girona send knights to Zaragoza to secure it against the enemy's approaching army. All northern villages are building knights to swell our ranks.
COMBATE [20] Huesca: atacante A Fatk=8 (ef 12) Fdef=12 (ef 15) vant=1 -> vence defensor | baixas~5
COMBATE [16] Valencia: atacante A Fatk=14 (ef 21) Fdef=10 (ef 13) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~4
REFORCO [11] Cordoba dono A: 2S+3A
placar: A 16 ald/tropas 160 | B 8 ald/tropas 36 | neutras 0 | transito 8 (A 3 | B 5)

########## TURNO 22 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4635 | resposta 36999 | raciocinio 31366 | finish stop | ms 523900
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 10},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 10},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 10},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 10},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 10},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 10},\n    {\"villageId\": 7, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 6},\n    {\"villageId\": 9, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 10},\n    {\"villageId\": 10, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 10},\n    {\"villageId\": 11, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 12, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 14, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 10},\n    {\"villageId\": 15, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 12, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 12, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 7, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 12, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 19, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 8, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 14, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 3, \"knight\": 0}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Zaragoza should be captured next turn. Immediately send reinforcements from Madrid to Zaragoza and from interior villages to Madrid to hold the line. Continue building spearman. Watch for enemy counterattacks from Huesca or Tarragona. Do not attack Toledo yet.\",\n  \"statement\": \"This turn I launched a strong assault on Zaragoza from Madrid, reinforced Madrid with troops from Salamanca and Burgos, and sent a follow-up force from Pamplona. I built spearman in all my villages to rebuild my army. My goal is to capture Zaragoza and hold it to reach 18 villages.\"\n}"
raciocinio: We need to analyze the current state and decide on orders for this turn. The user is King A, holding 17 villages out of 24. Need to hold at least 18 for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate all enemy villages. Currently 17, so need to capture one more village (or more) to reach 18, and hold them for two turns in a row. Also, we need to consider building and movement.

The enemy is King B, with villages: [8] Toledo, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [20] Huesca, and the capital [22] Barcelona (unexplored), plus [21] Tarragona (unexplored) and [23] Girona (unexplored). So total enemy villages: at least 6 (8,17,18,20,22,23) but we only see 4. The map has 24 villages total. We have 17, so enemy has 7? Actually 24 total, we have 17, so enemy has 7. But we only see 4 enemy villages (8,17,18,20). The unexplored ones (21,22,23) are enemy, and maybe one more? Wait, list: we have 17 villages listed, plus 4 we can see (8,17,18,20) and 3 unexplored (21,22,23). That totals 24. So enemy has 7 villages: 8,17,18,20,21,22,23. But we only see 4; the others are unexplored.

Our goal: capture at least one more village to reach 18, and hold for two consecutive turns. Or we could try to eliminate all enemy villages, but that's harder. So focus on capturing one more village. Which enemy village can we capture? We need to attack an enemy village and win. We have several border villages: Badajoz (4) borders Toledo (8); Cordoba (11) borders Toledo (8); Teruel (13) borders Toledo (8), Zaragoza (17), Castellon (18); Madrid (12) borders Toledo (8), Zaragoza (17); Valencia (16) borders Castellon (18); Pamplona (19) borders Zaragoza (17), Huesca (20). Also, we have interior villages that can send troops to border villages.

We need to plan attacks. But we must consider that the enemy also moves and builds. We need to hold the captured village for two turns. So if we capture a village this turn, we need to defend it next turn, and then we win at the end of next turn if we still hold 18.

We need to choose a target that we can defeat with available troops. Let's look at enemy garrisons:

[8] Toledo: 12 spearmen, 1 archer, 10 knights. Effective defense 58. This is a strong garrison. We have troops in Badajoz (4): 18 spearman, 10 archer, 0 knight; attack power 38. Cordoba (11): 14 spearman, 3 archer, 0 knight; attack power 20. Madrid (12): 13 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight; attack power 23. Teruel (13): 2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight; attack power 10. Total attack power from all border villages near Toledo: 38+20+23+10 = 91, but we can only send from each village separately, they don't combine. Also, we can send from interior villages to reinforce border villages, but they take time. For example, from Lisboa (0) to Badajoz (4): 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So if we send now, they arrive in 1-2 turns, not immediately. So we cannot use them this turn for an attack on Toledo unless we send them earlier. Currently no armies marching. So we can only use troops currently at the border villages.

To capture Toledo, we need to send an army from one of our villages to Toledo. The attack power must exceed Toledo's effective defense (58). But note: when attacking, we count our attack, defender counts defense with location bonus already included. So we need effective attack > 58. Our attack power from Badajoz is 38 (18 spearman, 10 archer). Spearman attack 1, archer attack 2, so 18*1 + 10*2 = 18+20=38. That's less than 58. From Madrid: 13 spearman (13) + 1 archer (2) + 2 knight (8) = 23. From Cordoba: 14 spearman (14) + 3 archer (6) = 20. From Teruel: 2 spearman (2) + 2 archer (4) + 1 knight (4) = 10. None alone can beat 58. Could we send from multiple villages? They fight separately, so we'd need each to win, but they attack one at a time? Actually, "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if we send from Badajoz and Madrid to Toledo, they arrive same turn? But they fight separately. The first send fights the garrison, if it wins, it takes losses and then the second send fights the remaining garrison? Or do they both fight the original garrison? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So if we send from Badajoz to Toledo, it fights Toledo. If we also send from Madrid to Toledo, it also fights Toledo. But they are separate armies; they don't combine. The order of fights might be arbitrary, but likely the first to arrive fights first. However, if both arrive on the same turn, they might fight sequentially? The rule says "each send fights alone, one at a time." So we could potentially wear down the garrison with multiple waves. But the garrison will also have its own troops, and after each fight, the winner takes losses. So if we send a small army, it might lose and be destroyed. If we send a large army, it might win but take losses, then the garrison is reduced, and the next army might win. But we need to consider that the enemy might also send reinforcements? The enemy might not send any this turn, but we don't know. Also, the enemy capital is not required to win.

Let's look at other targets: [17] Zaragoza: garrison 3 spearmen, 7 knights. Effective defense 25. We have Madrid (12) with attack 23, Teruel (13) with attack 10, Pamplona (19) with attack 8 (8 spearman). Madrid is close (1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn). Attack 23 vs defense 25: we need to consider counter. Zaragoza has 3 spearmen, 7 knights. Most numerous type is knight (7). Knight counters archer, but we are sending spearman? Actually, we need to decide what troops to send. If we send from Madrid: 13 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. Our most numerous is spearman (13). Spearman counters knight? Wait, counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. So if our most numerous is spearman, and enemy most numerous is knight, then we have the counter bonus (spearman vs knight) so our force is multiplied by 1.5. But careful: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So our army: 13 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight -> most numerous spearman. Enemy: 3 spearman, 7 knight -> most numerous knight. Spearman counters knight, so we get 1.5x bonus. Our effective attack: base attack sum = 13*1 + 1*2 + 2*4 = 13+2+8=23. With bonus: 23 * 1.5 = 34.5. Enemy defense: 25 (already includes location bonus). So we win (34.5 > 25). But we also need to consider that the defender gets a tie advantage? "A tie favors the DEFENDER." Not a tie here. So we would win. However, we take losses: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So our army would suffer losses. But we might still capture the village. However, we need to hold it for two turns. After capture, the village becomes ours, and we can use its resources and build troops. But the enemy might try to retake it. We need to reinforce it.

But note: we attacked Zaragoza last turn and were defeated. The note says: "You attacked [17] Zaragoza: DEFEAT (your army was lost)". So last turn we sent an army and lost. Now the garrison is still 3 spearmen, 7 knights? It was reinforced: "A reinforcement of King B (4 knights) arrived at [17] Zaragoza". So the garrison might have increased? The report says garrison: 3 spearmen, 7 knights. That's what we see now. So it's 10 total. Effective defense 25. So it's not huge.

If we attack from Madrid with all available troops (13 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight), we have attack 23, with counter 34.5, we win. But we might take losses. How many losses? The attrition is against the loser's effective force. The loser is the defender (Zaragoza). Their effective force is their defense? Actually, "attrition against the loser's effective force" means the winner loses troops equal to some proportion of the loser's effective force? The rules don't specify exactly, but typically in these games, losses are a fraction. We might lose some troops. But we have more troops at Madrid to reinforce? Actually, Madrid has 16 troops total, we send all 16? The available to send: 13 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. That's all of them. If we send all, Madrid becomes empty? But we can leave some to defend Madrid? The rule: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" lists the troops we can send from that village. We can choose to send fewer. But if we send all, the village's garrison becomes 0, but it's our village, so it's defended by its own troops? Actually, if we send all troops away, the village is left with 0 troops. But it's still ours; the enemy would need to attack it to capture. But if we leave it undefended, the enemy could attack it from Toledo or Zaragoza. However, the enemy might not attack it immediately. But it's risky. We might want to keep some troops in Madrid for defense. But Madrid is a border village with enemy neighbors. Its effective defense is 40 (with location bonus). If we leave some troops, they add to defense. Currently it has 16 troops. If we send, say, 10 spearman and 1 archer, we keep 3 spearman and 1 knight? But we need to decide.

Alternatively, we could attack a different village. [18] Castellon: garrison 10 knights, effective defense 25. We have Valencia (16) with 5 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight; attack power 5. Teruel (13) with attack 10. Valencia is 1 turn away. Attack 5 vs defense 25, no chance. Teruel attack 10 vs 25, no. So Castellon is too strong.

[20] Huesca: garrison 3 knights, effective defense 8. We have Pamplona (19) with 8 spearman, attack 8. Pamplona to Huesca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So troops from Pamplona would take 1-2 turns to arrive. Not immediate. But we could send them now, and they arrive in 1 turn (fast) or 2 (slow). But we need to capture a village this turn to reach 18? Actually, we need to hold 18 for two consecutive turns. If we capture a village this turn, we will have 18 at the end of this turn. Then next turn we need to hold it (i.e., not lose it) to have 18 for two consecutive turns. So capturing this turn is good. But we can also capture a village that we can reach this turn? The movement takes turns. If we send troops now, they arrive on a future turn. For example, if we send from Pamplona to Huesca, they take 1 fast turn? Actually, "march from [19] Pamplona: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So if we send knights (fast), they arrive in 1 turn? Wait, the report says "march from [19] Pamplona: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means to reach Huesca, it takes 2 turns for slow troops, 1 for medium, 1 for fast? Actually, it says "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So fast troops take 1 turn, medium 1 turn? That seems odd: usually fast is fewer turns. So 2 slow, 1 medium, 1 fast. So if we send only knights (fast), they arrive in 1 turn. If we send mixed, slowest determines. So we could send knights from somewhere to Huesca in 1 turn. But we don't have knights at Pamplona (only spearman). So if we send spearman (slow), they take 2 turns. So they wouldn't arrive this turn. So to capture this turn, we need to attack a village that is 1 turn away with our fastest troops, or we need to send from a village that is already 1 turn away? Actually, the march time is the number of turns until arrival. If we order now, they arrive after that many turns. So if it says "1 fast turn", they arrive next turn. If it says "1 slow turn", they also arrive next turn? Wait, "slow" means the troop type is slow, so the march takes more turns. The report gives the march time from a specific village to a target. For example, from Badajoz to Toledo: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means if you send slow troops, it takes 1 turn? That can't be right: usually slow takes longer. Let's read carefully: "march from [4] Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That suggests that regardless of troop type, the march takes 1 turn? That seems like the distance is 1 turn for all? But then why list different speeds? Actually, the rule: "Each troop type has a speed: spearman (slow), archer (medium), knight (fast). A MIXED army marches at the speed of its SLOWEST troop. The report shows travel time per speed (e.g. 'march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns')." So the report gives the number of turns for each speed. For Badajoz to Toledo, it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That means the distance is such that even slow troops can make it in 1 turn. So it's a very short distance. For Pamplona to Huesca: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So slow troops take 2 turns, medium and fast take 1 turn. So if we send only archers or knights, they arrive in 1 turn. If we send spearmen, they take 2 turns. So we could send archers or knights from somewhere to Huesca in 1 turn. But we don't have many archers or knights at Pamplona. Pamplona has 8 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight. So if we send them, they are slow, take 2 turns. So they won't arrive this turn. So we cannot capture Huesca this turn from Pamplona.

What about Zaragoza? From Madrid: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So all troops take 1 turn. So if we send from Madrid now, they arrive next turn. That means they won't arrive this turn; they arrive next turn. Wait, the turn structure: we are at the start of turn 22? The report says "TURN 22". We are writing orders for turn 22. The armies we send now will march and arrive at the beginning of turn 23? Or do they arrive during turn 22? The rules: "Marching takes turns, and during those turns the enemy keeps building and moving." So if we send an army with 1 turn march time, it arrives at the next turn. So if we want to capture a village this turn (turn 22), we need to send an army that has 0 turns? That's impossible. Actually, we can only send armies that are already in position? But the report says we have no armies on the march. So any attack we launch now will arrive next turn at the earliest. So we cannot capture a village this turn; we can only capture next turn. But the victory condition: "hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns". So if we capture a village next turn, we will have 18 at the start of that turn? Actually, we hold villages continuously. If we capture a village next turn, then at the end of next turn we will have held it for 1 turn? The phrasing "for 2 consecutive turns" likely means that at the end of two turns in a row, you hold at least 18. So if we capture a village on turn 23, then at the end of turn 23 we have 18, and if we still hold it at the end of turn 24, that's two consecutive turns. So we need to plan to capture a village on turn 23 and hold it on turn 24.

But wait: the note from last turn says: "Focus on capturing [13] Teruel and [17] Zaragoza next turn to reach 18 villages." That was the plan for last turn (turn 21). We executed orders for turn 21? The report says "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" includes "You attacked [17] Zaragoza: DEFEAT" and "You attacked [13] Teruel: VICTORY, conquered". So on turn 21, we attacked Zaragoza and lost, and attacked Teruel and won. So we conquered Teruel on turn 21. That means we now hold Teruel (it was previously enemy? Actually, Teruel was listed as "BORDER with [8], [17] +1 (enemy)"? Wait, in the "YOUR VILLAGES" list, Teruel is [13] and it says "BORDER with [8], [17] +1 (enemy)". That suggests it's our village? But it was listed under YOUR VILLAGES. Actually, the list "YOUR VILLAGES (17)" includes [13] Teruel. So we already hold it. The note says "You attacked [13] Teruel: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 0 troops)". So we conquered it last turn? But it's already in our list. That means we captured it last turn, and it's now ours. So we have 17 villages. We need 18. So we need to capture one more.

The note from last turn also said: "The 12 archers marching to [17] Zaragoza should capture it." But that attack failed. So we lost those archers? The report says "You attacked [17] Zaragoza: DEFEAT (your army was lost)". So we sent 12 archers and they were destroyed. So we lost those troops. Our current troops at home: we have 175 soldiers at home. That's after losses.

Now, we need to plan for turn 22. We can build troops and send them. Since any attack we send now will arrive next turn (turn 23), we can capture a village on turn 23. Then we need to hold it on turn 24 to get the two consecutive turns. But we also need to consider that the enemy might attack us and take back a village, reducing us to 17. So we need to defend our villages as well.

We should choose a target that we can capture with the troops we can send this turn, arriving next turn, and then we need to reinforce it to hold against enemy counterattack.

Let's evaluate possible attacks:

Target [17] Zaragoza: garrison 3 spearmen, 7 knights, defense 25. We can send from Madrid (12) with 13 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. Attack 23, with counter (spearman vs knight) 1.5x = 34.5 > 25. We win, but take losses. How many losses? The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." The loser's effective force is their defense? Or their attack? In defense, they use defense. The attrition might be a fraction of the loser's effective force. Typically in these games, losses are something like: you lose troops equal to (loser's effective force / your effective force) * your troops? Not sure. But we can estimate. Since we have 16 troops, we might lose some. But we can also send reinforcements from other villages to Madrid after the battle? Or we can send from other villages directly to Zaragoza? But they fight separately. If we send from Madrid and from Pamplona? Pamplona to Zaragoza: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? Actually, road network: Pamplona [19] connects to [17] Zaragoza and [20] Huesca. So march from Pamplona to Zaragoza: likely 1 or 2 turns. The report doesn't give march times for all pairs, only from our villages to nearest border. But we can infer from road network. Pamplona to Zaragoza: they are connected directly? Road: [19] Pamplona: [14], [17], [20]. So yes, direct road. Distance? Not given, but we can guess it's similar to other distances. From Pamplona to Huesca is "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast". So to Zaragoza might be similar. If we send from Pamplona, it might take 1-2 turns. If we send only knights (fast) it's 1 turn, but we have no knights there. So spearman take 2 turns. So they would arrive later. Not good for simultaneous arrival.

We could send from Madrid and from Teruel? Teruel to Zaragoza: road [13] Teruel connects to [17] Zaragoza. March time? Not given, but likely 1 turn? Teruel is border with Zaragoza. From Teruel, we have 2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. Attack 10. If we send all, they arrive in 1 turn (maybe). But they fight separately. If Madrid arrives first and wins, it might reduce the garrison, then Teruel arrives and fights the reduced garrison? But the order of arrival: if both take 1 turn, they arrive same turn. The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So they fight sequentially. The order might be determined by something. If Madrid fights first, it might win and take losses, then the garrison is replaced? Actually, when you capture a village, the garrison becomes yours? No, if you attack and win, you capture the village? The rule: "The winner also takes losses... The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER." It doesn't explicitly say you capture the village if you attack. But typically, if you attack an enemy village and win, you capture it. The note says "You attacked [13] Teruel: VICTORY, conquered". So yes, attacking an enemy village can conquer it. So if we send multiple armies, the first one to fight might conquer the village, and then the second one arrives and finds it's now ours? Or does it fight the new garrison? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". If the village becomes ours before the second army arrives, then the second army would not stop there; it would pass through? But they arrive on the same turn. The timing might be: all marches are resolved simultaneously? The rules say "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." So the orders are based on the current state. Then all moves and battles happen. If two of our armies target the same village, they both fight the original garrison? Or the first one captures it, and the second one then fights the new garrison (which might be the first army's remnants)? This is ambiguous. To be safe, we should probably send one main attack and reinforce it with troops from other villages to the same target, but they would fight separately. Better to send a single army that is strong enough to win and hold against counterattack.

Alternatively, we could attack [20] Huesca. It has only 3 knights, defense 8. We can send from Pamplona (19) with 8 spearman. Attack 8. Enemy most numerous is knight (3). Spearman counters knight, so 1.5x bonus: 8 * 1.5 = 12 > 8. We win. But march time: from Pamplona to Huesca is "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast". If we send spearman (slow), it takes 2 turns. So they arrive on turn 24. That's too late if we want to capture on turn 23. If we send from somewhere else? We have no other village close to Huesca. Zaragoza is enemy, so we can't send from there. So Huesca is not reachable in 1 turn with our current troops.

What about [18] Castellon? Garrison 10 knights, defense 25. We have Valencia (16) with 5 spearman (attack 5). Teruel (13) with attack 10. Neither is strong enough. We could send from Valencia and Teruel? They would fight separately. Valencia attack 5 vs 25, loses. Teruel attack 10 vs 25, loses. So no.

What about [8] Toledo? Defense 58. Too strong.

What about capturing an unexplored village? We don't know their garrisons. But we can see the road network. The unexplored villages are [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona (enemy capital), [23] Girona. We can see them from our villages? We can see villages directly connected by road to our villages. Our villages that connect to unexplored: [17] Zaragoza is enemy, so we can't see from there. [13] Teruel connects to [18] Castellon and [17] Zaragoza, not to unexplored. [19] Pamplona connects to [17] and [20], not unexplored. [16] Valencia connects to [13], [15], [18]. [12] Madrid connects to [7], [8], [14], [17]. [11] Cordoba connects to [8], [9], [15]. So we don't have any road connection to unexplored villages from our own villages. So we cannot see them, and we cannot attack them directly because we don't know where they are? Actually, we know their locations from the road network, but we can't send troops to them without passing through enemy villages? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination. You cannot march past an enemy or neutral village to hit one behind it." So to reach Tarragona [21], we would need to go through Zaragoza [17] or Castellon [18] or Barcelona [22]. Since those are enemy, we would have to fight them first. So we can't bypass them. So we must capture border villages first.

So the most feasible target is Zaragoza [17]. We can send from Madrid (12) and possibly from Teruel (13) and Pamplona (19) if they arrive at the same time? But we need to consider that if we send from multiple villages, they fight separately. If we send from Madrid with all troops, we might win but take losses. Then Zaragoza becomes ours. But then we need to hold it. The enemy might try to retake it. They can send troops from Toledo (8) or from other enemy villages. Toledo is connected to Zaragoza via [12] Madrid? Actually, road: [8] Toledo connects to [4], [11], [12], [13]. So from Toledo to Zaragoza, they would go through Madrid or Teruel? Actually, Toledo to Zaragoza: they are not directly connected. The road network: [8] Toledo: [4], [11], [12], [13]. [17] Zaragoza: [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]. So Toledo and Zaragoza are connected via [12] Madrid or [13] Teruel. Since Madrid and Teruel are our villages, the enemy would have to go through them to reach Zaragoza. That means if we hold Madrid and Teruel with troops, the enemy cannot easily reinforce Zaragoza. But they could also come from other enemy villages like [18] Castellon? Castellon connects to [13] Teruel and [21] Tarragona. So from Castellon to Zaragoza, they would go through Teruel or Tarragona. Tarragona is enemy, so they could go Castellon -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza? Road: [18] Castellon: [13], [16], [21]. [21] Tarragona: [17], [18], [22]. So Castellon to Tarragona to Zaragoza is possible, but Tarragona is enemy, so they can move through it. But they would need to have troops there. So Zaragoza could be attacked from multiple directions.

But we also need to consider that we currently hold 17 villages. We need to reach 18 and hold for two turns. If we capture Zaragoza on turn 23 (by sending troops now that arrive next turn), then at the start of turn 23 we still have 17, at the end of turn 23 we have 18 (if the battle is won). Then on turn 24, we need to defend it. If we lose it on turn 24, we go back to 17. So we need to reinforce Zaragoza after capturing it. We can build troops in Zaragoza after we capture it? Yes, once it's ours, we can build troops there using its resources. But it takes a turn to build. So if we capture it on turn 23, we can build troops on turn 23 (the same turn we capture? Actually, building happens during the turn. The orders are simultaneous. So on turn 23, we can give build orders for Zaragoza, and they will be ready at the end of turn 23? Or at the start of turn 24? The rule: "ready in 1 turn." So if we order a build on turn 23, it's ready on turn 24. So on turn 24, we have troops to defend. But the enemy might attack on turn 23? The enemy moves simultaneously. They might attack Zaragoza on turn 23 with troops they send now. So we need to consider that the enemy might also send troops to Zaragoza. We don't know their orders. But we can assume they will try to defend their territory. They might send troops from Toledo or other places to reinforce Zaragoza or attack our villages.

We need to decide on a strategy. Let's list our available resources and troops.

Our villages and what we can send:

We need to choose which villages to send from and what to build.

First, we need to ensure we have enough troops to capture Zaragoza. Let's calculate the exact attack power we can send from Madrid. Madrid has 16 troops: 13 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. If we send all, attack = 13*1 + 1*2 + 2*4 = 13+2+8 = 23. With counter bonus (spearman most numerous vs knight most numerous): 23 * 1.5 = 34.5. Enemy defense 25. So we win. But we take losses. How many? The attrition rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." The loser's effective force is their defense? Or their attack? In defense, they use defense. The effective defense is 25. The attrition might be: you lose a number of troops equal to a fraction of the enemy's effective force. Typically in these games, losses are calculated as: your losses = (enemy effective force / your effective force) * your troops? Or maybe a fixed ratio. Since it's not specified, we can assume we will lose some troops but not all. In the previous attack on Zaragoza, we sent 12 archers and lost. That was probably because our attack was lower than defense. Now with the counter bonus, we should win. But we might lose, say, half our force? We need to have enough troops left to hold the village against enemy counterattack. If we send all 16 from Madrid, Madrid becomes empty. That might be okay if the enemy doesn't attack Madrid. But Madrid is a border village; if we leave it empty, the enemy could attack it from Toledo. Toledo has 12 spearman, 1 archer, 10 knights. If they send from Toledo to Madrid, they could capture Madrid. That would reduce our village count. So we should probably keep some troops in Madrid for defense. We can send, say, 10 spearman and 1 archer and 1 knight? But we need to maximize attack power while leaving a garrison. Let's see Madrid's defense: effective defense 40 (with location bonus). If we leave, say, 3 spearman and 1 knight, their defense contribution: spearman defense 2, knight defense 2. So 3*2 + 1*2 = 8. But the location bonus is already included in the 40? Wait, the effective defense is given as 40, which includes the location bonus. The base defense of troops is their defense value. The location bonus multiplies the defense. The report says: "effective defense (location bonus included): 40". So that 40 is the final defense number used in combat. It is calculated from the troops in the village and the location bonus. Currently Madrid has 16 troops: 13 spearman (def 2 each), 1 archer (def 2), 2 knight (def 2). Total base defense = (13+1+2)*2 = 32. Location bonus: "defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle". Madrid is a village? It says "BORDER with [8], [17] (enemy)". It's a village, so x1.25. 32 * 1.25 = 40. That matches. So if we leave some troops, the effective defense will be lower. If we leave 3 spearman and 1 knight: base defense = (3+1)*2 = 8, effective = 8 * 1.25 = 10. That's much lower. So we need to leave enough to defend against enemy attack. What is the enemy's attack from Toledo? Toledo has 12 spearman (att 1), 1 archer (att 2), 10 knights (att 4). Total attack = 12*1 + 1*2 + 10*4 = 12+2+40 = 54. If they attack Madrid, they would have the counter bonus? Their most numerous is knight (10), so if we have spearman, they might get counter? Actually, counter is based on the most numerous type of each army. If we defend with spearman, and they attack with knights, knight is most numerous for them, spearman most numerous for us. Spearman counters knight, so we get the bonus? Wait, the counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. So if attacker has most numerous knight, and defender has most numerous spearman, then the defender has the counter? The rule: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So the bonus applies to the side that has the counter. It doesn't say only attacker can get it. It says "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." So both sides can potentially get the bonus if their most numerous type counters the opponent's most numerous type. But wait: "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)." So for each army, we determine its most numerous type. Then we compare: if army A's most numerous counters army B's most numerous, then army A gets 1.5x. If both counter each other? That's impossible because the triangle is cyclic. So only one side gets the bonus. In this case, if attacker is knights (most numerous knight) and defender is spearman (most numerous spearman), then spearman counters knight, so defender gets 1.5x bonus to their defense. So our defense would be multiplied. That would help. But if we leave only 3 spearman and 1 knight, our most numerous is spearman (3). Enemy most numerous is knight (10). So we get the counter bonus: our defense 10 * 1.5 = 15. Their attack 54. They win easily. So we need a larger garrison to defend Madrid. If we leave, say, 10 spearman and 1 knight: base defense = (10+1)*2 = 22, effective = 22 * 1.25 = 27.5, with counter bonus? Our most numerous spearman (10) vs their knight (10) - tie? Tie break: "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight". So if tie, the order is spearman, archer, knight. So spearman wins tie? That means our most numerous is spearman, theirs is knight. Spearman counters knight, so we get bonus. So defense = 27.5 * 1.5 = 41.25. Their attack 54. Still they win. If we leave all 16, our defense is 40 with no bonus? Wait, if we leave all 16, our most numerous is spearman (13), theirs is knight (10). We get counter bonus: 40 * 1.5 = 60. Their attack 54, so we win and they lose. So if we leave all troops, Madrid can defend against Toledo. But if we send some away, we reduce defense. So we need to balance sending enough to capture Zaragoza while leaving enough in Madrid to defend against counterattack. But note: the enemy might not attack Madrid this turn. They might instead reinforce Zaragoza. We don't know.

Alternatively, we could send troops from multiple villages to Zaragoza, but they fight separately. If we send from Madrid and from Teruel, they both attack Zaragoza. The first one might win and capture it, then the second one might fight the new garrison (which would be the first army's remnants). That could be a way to overwhelm the garrison. But the order of fights is unclear. To be safe, we could send a single strong army from one village, and then send reinforcements from other villages to that same village after it's captured? But reinforcements take time to arrive. If we send from Madrid now, they arrive next turn. If we also send from Teruel now to Zaragoza, they also arrive next turn. They would both fight on the same turn. The rule says they fight one at a time. So if Madrid fights first and wins, it captures Zaragoza. Then Teruel's army arrives and finds Zaragoza is now ours. Do they stop and join the garrison? The rule: "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So if Zaragoza becomes ours before Teruel's army arrives, they would just join the garrison. But if they arrive on the same turn, the timing might be: all marches are resolved, then battles occur. If both armies are ordered to Zaragoza, they both march and arrive at the same time. At that time, Zaragoza is still enemy (since the battle hasn't happened yet). So both armies would fight the enemy garrison. They fight sequentially. The first fight uses the original garrison. If the first army wins, it captures the village. Then the second army fights? But the village is now ours. Does the second army still fight? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". At the moment they arrive, if the village is now ours (after the first fight), then it is ours, so they would not stop; they would continue? But they were ordered to Zaragoza, which is now ours, so they would join the garrison. But the rule says "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This implies that if multiple sends target an enemy village, they each fight the enemy garrison separately, not combining. So the first send fights the full garrison, the second send fights the full garrison? Or the remnants? It says "each send fights alone", meaning they don't combine forces. But if the first send wins and captures the village, the second send would then be attacking a village that is now ours? That would be friendly fire? The rule doesn't cover this well. To avoid confusion, it's probably better to send one main attack and not send multiple to the same target simultaneously unless we intend to overwhelm it with sequential fights.

Given the ambiguity, I think the safest is to send a single army from one village that is strong enough to capture the village, and then use other villages to send reinforcements to that village after it's captured (i.e., order them to go to that village, but they will arrive later and join the garrison). But since we can only give orders now, we can order reinforcements from other villages to go to Zaragoza, but they will arrive on different turns. For example, if we send from Madrid now (arrives turn 23), and from Teruel now (also arrives turn 23 if it's 1 turn away), they both arrive turn 23. To have them arrive on different turns, we could send from a village that is farther. But we need to plan.

Let's check march times from other villages to Zaragoza:
- From Madrid: 1 turn (all speeds same? Actually, report says "march from [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Zaragoza? Wait, the report gives march times from Madrid to its nearest border village, which is [17] Zaragoza? Actually, it says "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for [7] Salamanca. But for Madrid itself, it says "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza"? No, the report for each village gives march times to the nearest border village. For Madrid, it says: "[12] Madrid | BORDER with [8], [17] (enemy) | ... from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? Actually, the text says: "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" is not explicitly written for Madrid. Let's read the Madrid entry: "[12] Madrid | BORDER with [8], [17] (enemy) | wood 40 (+30/turn) | iron 110 (+20/turn) | effective defense (location bonus included): 40 | troops at home: 16 / 300 ... from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? Actually, the text says: "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" is probably implied. But the report format: for interior villages, it says "from here to your nearest border village [X]: ...". For border villages, it might not say that. Madrid is a border village, so it might not have that line. Let's check the actual text: "[12] Madrid | BORDER with [8], [17] (enemy) | wood 40 (+30/turn) | iron 110 (+20/turn) | effective defense (location bonus included): 40 | troops at home: 16 / 300
    AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 13 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight (attack power if all sent: 23)
    from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" - wait, I don't see that in the user's message. Let's re-read the user's message carefully. The user's message has for each village a block. For Madrid, it says:
"[12] Madrid | BORDER with [8], [17] (enemy) | wood 40 (+30/turn) | iron 110 (+20/turn) | effective defense (location bonus included): 40 | troops at home: 16 / 300
    AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 13 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight (attack power if all sent: 23)
    from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
Actually, looking back: the user's message has for [12] Madrid: "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? Let's check the original text. I'll scroll up. The user's message says:
"[12] Madrid | BORDER with [8], [17] (enemy) | wood 40 (+30/turn) | iron 110 (+20/turn) | effective defense (location bonus included): 40 | troops at home: 16 / 300
    AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 13 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight (attack power if all sent: 23)
    from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
Yes, it does have that line. So from Madrid to Zaragoza is 1 turn for all speeds. So troops from Madrid arrive next turn.

For Teruel [13]: it says "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? Actually, Teruel's block: "[13] Teruel | BORDER with [8], [17] +1 (enemy) | ... from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? Let's check: the user's message for Teruel: "[13] Teruel | BORDER with [8], [17] +1 (enemy) | wood 60 (+30/turn) | iron 30 (+20/turn) | effective defense (location bonus included): 13 | troops at home: 5 / 300
    AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight (attack power if all sent: 10)
    from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? Actually, it says "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? I don't see that line for Teruel. Let's read the Teruel block carefully: "[13] Teruel | BORDER with [8], [17] +1 (enemy) | wood 60 (+30/turn) | iron 30 (+20/turn) | effective defense (location bonus included): 13 | troops at home: 5 / 300
    AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight (attack power if all sent: 10)
    from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" - wait, the user's message might have it. Let's look at the original: after "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight (attack power if all sent: 10)" it says "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? Actually, I think it says that. Let's assume it's similar. So Teruel to Zaragoza is also 1 turn.

For Pamplona [19]: "[19] Pamplona | BORDER with [17], [20] (enemy) | wood 30 (+30/turn) | iron 100 (+20/turn) | effective defense (location bonus included): 20 | troops at home: 8 / 300
    AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 8 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight (attack power if all sent: 8)
    from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? Actually, it says "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? The user's message for Pamplona: "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? Let's check: it says "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? I see in the text: "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? Actually, the user's message says: "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Pamplona? Let's read: "[19] Pamplona | BORDER with [17], [20] (enemy) | ... from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? I think it says that. But wait, the report says "march from [19] Pamplona: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Huesca? Actually, in the "VILLAGES YOU CAN SEE" section, for [20] Huesca it says "march from [19] Pamplona: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So Pamplona to Huesca is 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. To Zaragoza, it might be similar. The Pamplona block might say "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" or maybe 1? Let's assume it's 2 slow, 1 medium, 1 fast. So spearman take 2 turns, archers and knights take 1 turn. But Pamplona has only spearman, so they take 2 turns.

So if we want to capture Zaragoza on turn 23, we can send from Madrid and/or Teruel (both 1 turn). From Pamplona, spearman take 2 turns, so they'd arrive on turn 24. So we could send from Pamplona now as reinforcements to arrive later.

Now, we need to decide on builds. We have resources. Each village produces resources per turn. We can build troops in any of our villages, as long as they can pay for them from their own stock. We need to check resources and cap.

Let's list our villages with their wood and iron, and what they can build.

We want to increase our troop count, especially spearman and archers, since we have few knights. Knights are expensive (30 wood, 30 iron). We might want to build more spearman for defense and attack, as they are cheap and counter knights.

We also need to consider that we lost 12 archers last turn. Our total troops at home: 175 (111 spearman, 57 archer, 7 knight). That's a lot. We can build more.

Let's check each village's resources and current troops:

[0] Lisboa: wood 150, iron 230. Troops: 17 (4 spear, 12 arch, 1 knight). Can build: spearman costs 15 wood, 0 iron; archer 20 wood, 10 iron; knight 30 wood, 30 iron. With 150 wood and 230 iron, we can build many. But cap is 300 troops at home. Currently 17, so plenty of room. We can build, say, archers or spearman. But Lisboa is interior, not border. We might want to build troops there and then send them to border villages. But sending takes time. We can build now and send next turn.

[1] Santarem: wood 150, iron 250. Troops 10 (4 spear, 5 arch, 1 knight). Can build.

[2] Evora: wood 150, iron 310. Troops 18 (12 spear, 6 arch, 0 knight). Can build.

[3] Coimbra: wood 150, iron 280. Troops 5 (2 spear, 3 arch, 0 knight).

[4] Badajoz: wood 40, iron 220. Troops 28 (18 spear, 10 arch, 0 knight). Border with Toledo. Resources: wood 40, iron 220. Can build spearman (15 wood) - can build 2 (30 wood) leaving 10 wood. Can build archer (20 wood, 10 iron) - can build 2 (40 wood, 20 iron) but wood insufficient? 40 wood, so can build 2 archers (40 wood) but then wood 0. Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaves 20 wood. Or knight (30 wood, 30 iron) - can build 1 (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 10 wood, 190 iron. But we might want to build spearman to reinforce. Badajoz is a key border village. We should probably build spearman there.

[5] Faro: wood 150, iron 280. Troops 13 (10 spear, 3 arch, 0 knight). Interior.

[6] Porto: wood 150, iron 230. Troops 9 (3 spear, 6 arch, 0 knight). Interior.

[7] Salamanca: wood 90, iron 130. Troops 14 (12 spear, 0 arch, 2 knight). Interior. Can build spearman (15 wood) - can build 6 (90 wood) but wood only 90, so 6 spearman uses 90 wood, 0 iron. Or archer (20 wood, 10 iron) - can build 4 (80 wood, 40 iron). Or knight (30 wood, 30 iron) - can build 3 (90 wood, 90 iron) but wood 90, iron 130, so 3 knights uses 90 wood, 90 iron, leaves 0 wood, 40 iron. But we have 2 knights already. Might want more spearman.

[8] Toledo: enemy.

[9] Sevilha: wood 150, iron 200. Troops 0. Interior. Can build anything. But it's 0 troops, so we might want to build spearman to send to border.

[10] Vigo: wood 150, iron 200. Troops 5 (2 spear, 3 arch, 0 knight). Interior.

[11] Cordoba: wood 30, iron 140. Troops 17 (14 spear, 3 arch, 0 knight). Border with Toledo. Resources: wood 30, iron 140. Can build spearman: 15 wood, so can build 2 (30 wood). Or archer: 20 wood, 10 iron - can build 1 (20 wood, 10 iron) leaves 10 wood. Or knight: 30 wood, 30 iron - wood insufficient. So we can build 2 spearman or 1 archer.

[12] Madrid: wood 40, iron 110. Troops 16 (13 spear, 1 arch, 2 knight). Border. Resources: wood 40, iron 110. Can build spearman: 2 (30 wood) leaves 10 wood. Or archer: 1 (20 wood, 10 iron) leaves 20 wood. Or knight: 1 (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 10 wood, 80 iron. We might want to build spearman or knight.

[13] Teruel: wood 60, iron 30. Troops 5 (2 spear, 2 arch, 1 knight). Border. Resources: wood 60, iron 30. Can build spearman: 4 (60 wood) uses all wood. Or archer: 3 (60 wood, 30 iron) uses all. Or knight: 2 (60 wood, 60 iron) but iron only 30, so 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 30 wood, 0 iron. So we can build 1 knight or 4 spearman or 3 archers.

[14] Burgos: wood 150, iron 120. Troops 5 (2 spear, 3 arch, 0 knight). Interior.

[15] Murcia: wood 60, iron 100. Troops 0. Interior. Can build.

[16] Valencia: wood 70, iron 60. Troops 5 (5 spear, 0 arch, 0 knight). Border with Castellon. Resources: wood 70, iron 60. Can build spearman: 4 (60 wood) leaves 10 wood. Or archer: 3 (60 wood, 30 iron) leaves 10 wood, 30 iron. Or knight: 2 (60 wood, 60 iron) uses all. But we have 5 spearman already. Might want to build archers or knights for counter.

[17] Zaragoza: enemy.

[18] Castellon: enemy.

[19] Pamplona: wood 30, iron 100. Troops 8 (8 spear, 0 arch, 0 knight). Border. Resources: wood 30, iron 100. Can build spearman: 2 (30 wood) uses all wood. Or archer: 1 (20 wood, 10 iron) leaves 10 wood. Or knight: 1 (30 wood, 30 iron) uses all wood, leaves 70 iron. So we can build 2 spearman or 1 archer or 1 knight.

[20] Huesca: enemy.

[21] Tarragona: unexplored.
[22] Barcelona: unexplored.
[23] Girona: unexplored.

Now, we need to decide on a strategy. The note from last turn said: "Focus on capturing [13] Teruel and [17] Zaragoza next turn to reach 18 villages. Send troops from [16] Valencia to [13] Teruel, and reinforce [16] Valencia with spearmen from [15] Murcia. Build spearmen in border villages [19] Pamplona, [11] Cordoba, and [16] Valencia. The 12 archers marching to [17] Zaragoza should capture it. Do not engage [8] Toledo."

But that was for last turn. We already conquered Teruel, and we lost the attack on Zaragoza. So we need a new plan.

Current situation: We have 17 villages. We need one more. Zaragoza is the most accessible. Let's plan to capture Zaragoza this turn (by sending troops that arrive next turn). We need to send a strong army from one of our villages. Madrid is the closest with 1 turn march and has 16 troops. If we send all 16, we have attack 23, with counter 34.5, which beats defense 25. But we need to consider losses. After winning, we will take losses. How many? Let's estimate. The rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." The loser's effective force is their defense, 25. Our effective force is 34.5. The ratio might be something like: our losses = (enemy effective force / our effective force) * our troops? Or maybe a fixed number. In many games, losses are a percentage. Since it's not specified, we can assume we'll lose some troops but not all. For example, if we lose (25/34.5) * 16 ≈ 11.6 troops. So we might lose around 12 troops, leaving us with 4. That's not many to hold the village. But we can also send reinforcements from other villages to Zaragoza after it's captured. For instance, we can send troops from Teruel to Zaragoza? Teruel is 1 turn away. If we send from Teruel now, they arrive next turn. If we send them to Zaragoza, they will fight on the same turn as Madrid? Or if we order them to go to Zaragoza after it's captured? But we have to give orders now. We can order Teruel to go to Zaragoza. They will arrive next turn. If Madrid captures Zaragoza, then Teruel's army will arrive and join the garrison. But the rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if both arrive at an enemy village, they fight separately. But if the first one captures it, the second one might not fight? The rule says "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". If the village becomes ours before the second army arrives, then it is ours, so the second army would not stop; they would join the garrison. But do they arrive at the same time? The turn structure: all orders are simultaneous. So both armies start marching at the same time, both have 1 turn march, so they both arrive at the start of the next turn? Or at the end of the turn? Typically, they arrive at the beginning of the next turn, then battles are resolved. If multiple armies arrive at the same village, the first one to fight might capture it, and then the second one arrives and finds it friendly. But the rule explicitly says: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This suggests that even if they arrive at the same time, they are treated as separate attacks. So if we send from Madrid and Teruel to Zaragoza, both will attack the enemy garrison. The first attack will be resolved, and if it wins, it captures the village. Then the second attack will be resolved against... what? The original garrison? Or the new garrison? The rule doesn't specify. This is a critical ambiguity. To be safe, we should probably send only one attacking army, and send reinforcements to a village we already own, not to the enemy village. For example, we could send troops from Teruel to Madrid (which is ours) to reinforce Madrid, and then from Madrid send troops to Zaragoza. But that would take extra turns. Alternatively, we could send from Madrid to Zaragoza, and from Teruel to Madrid (to arrive later) to rebuild Madrid's garrison. That way, Madrid doesn't stay empty.

Let's think about the sequence:
Turn 22 (now): We give orders.
- Build troops in various villages.
- Send armies.
Turn 23: Armies arrive, battles happen. We resolve.
Turn 24: We need to hold 18 villages.

If we send from Madrid to Zaragoza now, they arrive turn 23. If we also send from Teruel to Madrid now, they arrive turn 23 (if 1 turn). Then on turn 23, Madrid gets reinforcements from Teruel, so its garrison is replenished. Meanwhile, Madrid's original troops (or some of them) march to Zaragoza and fight. But careful: if we send troops from Madrid, we are taking them from Madrid's garrison. If we send all 16, Madrid becomes empty. Then on turn 23, Teruel's army arrives at Madrid and joins the garrison. So Madrid is not empty at the end of turn 23. But during turn 23, before reinforcements arrive, Madrid is empty? The order of events: all marches happen simultaneously. So the troops from Madrid leave at the start of turn 23? Actually, the orders are for turn 22. The troops start marching and arrive at the start of turn 23. At the start of turn 23, the troops from Teruel arrive at Madrid, and the troops from Madrid arrive at Zaragoza. So at the start of turn 23, Madrid's garrison is whatever was left plus the arriving troops. If we send all 16 from Madrid, Madrid's garrison becomes 0 at the start of turn 23 (since they left), but then Teruel's troops arrive and add to it. So effectively, Madrid's garrison at the start of turn 23 is the Teruel troops. That works.

But we also need to consider that the enemy might attack Madrid on turn 23. If they do, they will face the Teruel reinforcements (plus any we left). So we should leave some troops in Madrid as well, or send enough from Teruel to defend.

What can we send from Teruel? Teruel has 5 troops: 2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight. Attack power 10. If we send all to Madrid, they arrive in 1 turn? Teruel to Madrid: road connection? Teruel [13] connects to [8] Toledo, [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon. Not directly to Madrid. To go from Teruel to Madrid, they would have to go through Zaragoza? Or through Toledo? Road: [13] Teruel: [8], [16], [17], [18]. [12] Madrid: [7], [8], [14], [17]. So Teruel to Madrid can go via [8] Toledo (enemy) or [17] Zaragoza (enemy). Since they are enemy, the army would stop at the first enemy village. So if we send from Teruel to Madrid, they would have to go through either Toledo or Zaragoza. They would stop and fight there. So we cannot send reinforcements from Teruel to Madrid directly without fighting through enemy territory. That's a problem. So we cannot easily reinforce Madrid from Teruel. We need to check road connections carefully.

Road network:
[12] Madrid connects to [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza.
[13] Teruel connects to [8] Toledo, [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon.
So to go from Teruel to Madrid, the shortest path is Teruel -> [8] Toledo -> Madrid, or Teruel -> [17] Zaragoza -> Madrid. Both go through enemy villages. So they would stop at Toledo or Zaragoza and fight. So we cannot send troops from Teruel to Madrid without attacking those villages. So that's not a simple reinforcement.

What about from other villages to Madrid? Salamanca [7] connects to [12] Madrid directly. Salamanca is ours. So we can send from Salamanca to Madrid. Salamanca has 14 troops: 12 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight. Attack power 20. March time: from Salamanca to Madrid: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" as per the report? The report for Salamanca says: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So yes, 1 turn. So we can send from Salamanca to Madrid to reinforce it. But if we send from Madrid to Zaragoza, we reduce Madrid's garrison. We can reinforce Madrid from Salamanca. But Salamanca is interior; we might want to keep its troops for other purposes.

Alternatively, we could send the attack on Zaragoza from a different village that has a stronger garrison or that can spare troops without leaving a hole. For example, we could send from Badajoz? Badajoz to Zaragoza: road? Badajoz [4] connects to [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. To reach Zaragoza, they'd have to go through [8] Toledo or [12] Madrid? Actually, Badajoz to Zaragoza: Badajoz -> [8] Toledo -> [12] Madrid -> [17] Zaragoza, or Badajoz -> [7] Salamanca -> [12] Madrid -> [17] Zaragoza. So they'd have to go through Madrid or Toledo. So they'd stop at the first enemy village. So Badajoz cannot directly attack Zaragoza without first capturing Toledo or Madrid. So Madrid is the only village that directly borders Zaragoza and can attack it without passing through other enemy villages? Actually, Madrid borders Zaragoza directly. Teruel also borders Zaragoza directly. Pamplona borders Zaragoza directly. So those three can attack Zaragoza directly. Valencia does not border Zaragoza; it borders Castellon.

So we have three villages that can attack Zaragoza: Madrid, Teruel, Pamplona. Madrid is the strongest. Teruel is weak. Pamplona has 8 spearman, but they take 2 turns to arrive (if spearman). So they would arrive on turn 24. That could be a follow-up reinforcement.

So the plan: Send from Madrid to Zaragoza. Send from Pamplona to Zaragoza (they will arrive later). Send from Salamanca to Madrid to reinforce Madrid after it sends troops. Also build troops in various places.

But we need to decide exactly how many troops to send from Madrid. If we send all 16, we have high attack but Madrid becomes empty. Then Salamanca can send some troops to Madrid to refill it. But Salamanca has 14 troops. If we send, say, 10 from Salamanca to Madrid, Salamanca is left with 4. That might be okay. But we also need to consider that the enemy might attack Madrid. If Madrid is empty at the start of turn 23, and the enemy attacks it from Toledo, they would face 0 troops and win, capturing Madrid. That would be bad. But if Salamanca's troops arrive at Madrid on turn 23, they would be there to defend. The timing: all marches take 1 turn. So if we order Salamanca to Madrid now, they arrive at the start of turn 23. If we order Madrid to Zaragoza now, they leave Madrid at the start of turn 23? Actually, the troops are present in Madrid until they march. The orders are simultaneous. So at the start of turn 23, the troops from Madrid are still in Madrid? Or do they march at the beginning of the turn? Typically, in these games, when you issue a move order, the troops leave the source village and arrive at the destination after the travel time. During the turn they are in transit, they are not in either village. So at the start of turn 23, the troops from Madrid are no longer in Madrid; they are on the road. The troops from Salamanca arrive at Madrid at the start of turn 23. So Madrid's garrison at the start of turn 23 is the Salamanca troops. So if the enemy attacks Madrid on turn 23, they will fight the Salamanca troops. So we need enough Salamanca troops to defend Madrid.

What is the enemy's possible attack on Madrid? They could send from Toledo. Toledo has 23 troops (12 spear, 1 arch, 10 knight). Attack power 54. If they send all, they would attack Madrid. Madrid's defense with Salamanca troops: Salamanca has 12 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight. If we send all 14, attack power 20? Wait, for defense, we use defense values. Spearman defense 2, knight defense 2. So base defense = (12+2)*2 = 28. Location bonus x1.25 = 35. Counter: our most numerous spearman (12) vs their most numerous knight (10) -> we get counter bonus: 35 * 1.5 = 52.5. Their attack 54. So they would win (54 > 52.5), but close. They would take losses, we would lose. If we send only some from Salamanca, defense is lower. So we might need to leave some troops in Madrid as well. But if we send all from Madrid, we have no troops left in Madrid. So we must rely on Salamanca. To have a better defense, we could leave some troops in Madrid. For example, send only 12 from Madrid, keep 4. Then Madrid has 4 troops plus Salamanca's 14 = 18 troops. Defense would be higher. But we need to calculate attack power for Zaragoza.

Let's calculate the attack power we need to capture Zaragoza. Zaragoza defense 25. Our attack from Madrid: if we send 12 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight? That's 15 troops? Actually, Madrid has 13 spear, 1 arch, 2 knight. If we send 12 spear, 1 arch, 2 knight, attack = 12*1 + 1*2 + 2*4 = 12+2+8 = 22. With counter (spearman most numerous vs knight): 22 * 1.5 = 33 > 25. So that works. If we send fewer, say 10 spear, 1 arch, 2 knight: attack = 10+2+8=20, *1.5=30 >25. Even 8 spear, 1 arch, 2 knight: 8+2+8=18, *1.5=27 >25. So we have flexibility. We can leave up to 5 spearman in Madrid and still have enough attack. Let's find the minimum we can send and still win. We need effective attack > 25. With counter, we need base attack > 16.67. So base attack at least 17. If we send x spearman, y archer, z knight, with x+y+z = n. Most numerous type must be spearman to get counter (since enemy most numerous is knight). If we send more knights than spearman, then our most numerous would be knight, and knight does not counter knight (knight counters archer). So we would not get the bonus. So we must ensure spearman are the most numerous in our attacking army. So we need x > y and x > z. Since we have only 1 archer and 2 knights, as long as we send at least 3 spearman, spearman are most numerous. So we can send as few as 3 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight? That gives attack = 3+2+8=13, *1.5=19.5 < 25. Not enough. We need base attack at least 17. With 3 spear, 1 arch, 2 knight = 13. 4 spear, 1 arch, 2 knight = 4+2+8=14, *1.5=21 <25. 5 spear, 1 arch, 2 knight = 5+2+8=15, *1.5=22.5 <25. 6 spear, 1 arch, 2 knight = 6+2+8=16, *1.5=24 <25. 7 spear, 1 arch, 2 knight = 7+2+8=17, *1.5=25.5 >25. So we need at least 7 spearman, plus the 1 archer and 2 knights, total 10 troops. That gives attack 25.5, which beats 25. But note: "A tie favors the DEFENDER." So 25.5 is not a tie; it's a win. So we can send 7 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight from Madrid, and leave 6 spearman in Madrid. That leaves Madrid with 6 spearman. Then we can also send reinforcements from Salamanca to Madrid. Salamanca has 12 spearman, 2 knight. We can send, say, 10 spearman to Madrid, leaving 2 spearman and 2 knight in Salamanca. Then Madrid would have 6 + 10 = 16 spearman, plus maybe the archer and knights? But we sent the archer and knights to Zaragoza. So Madrid would have 16 spearman. Defense: base = 16*2 = 32, effective = 32*1.25 = 40, with counter (spearman vs knight if enemy attacks with knights) = 40*1.5 = 60. That's good against Toledo's attack 54. So Madrid can defend.

But wait: if we send from Salamanca to Madrid, they take 1 turn. They arrive at the start of turn 23. At that time, the troops from Madrid have left. So Madrid's garrison at the start of turn 23 is the 6 spearman we left, plus the 10 from Salamanca, total 16. That works.

Now, what about the archer and knights from Madrid? We send them to Zaragoza. They arrive turn 23. We also need to consider that after capturing Zaragoza, we will have some troops there. The attacking army will take losses. We estimated we might lose some. With attack 25.5 vs defense 25, the margin is small. Losses might be significant. We might end up with only a few troops in Zaragoza. We need to reinforce Zaragoza to hold it. We can send reinforcements from other villages to Zaragoza after it's captured. But we can only send orders now. We can send troops from Pamplona to Zaragoza. Pamplona has 8 spearman. They take 2 turns to arrive (since spearman are slow). So they would arrive at the start of turn 24. That's good: they arrive after we capture it, and they join the garrison. We can also send from Teruel to Zaragoza? Teruel has 5 troops. If we send them to Zaragoza, they take 1 turn, arrive turn 23. But if they arrive turn 23, they might fight on the same turn as Madrid? That could be problematic as discussed. But if we send them to Zaragoza, and Madrid also attacks, they might both fight. To avoid that, we could send Teruel's troops to a different village, or not send them. Alternatively, we could send Teruel's troops to Madrid? But as we saw, Teruel cannot reach Madrid without going through enemy territory. So Teruel can only go to enemy villages or to Valencia (which is ours). Teruel connects to Valencia [16] directly? Road: [13] Teruel: [8], [16], [17], [18]. So Teruel to Valencia is a direct road to a friendly village. So we could send Teruel's troops to Valencia to reinforce it. That might be useful if we plan to attack Castellon later. But for now, we need to capture Zaragoza.

What about sending from Cordoba or other interior villages to border villages? We can send from Sevilha [9] to Cordoba [11] or Badajoz [4]? Sevilha connects to [4], [5], [11]. So we can send to Badajoz or Cordoba to reinforce them. But Badajoz and Cordoba border Toledo, not Zaragoza. They could be used to attack Toledo later, but that's too strong.

We also need to build troops. We should build spearman in as many villages as possible, especially border villages, to increase our overall strength. We have resources. Let's plan builds:

We want to increase our troop count. We have 175 troops now. We need to build more to replace losses and to have enough to hold multiple fronts.

Let's list builds we can do this turn, considering each village's resources and cap (300). We can build in any village we own.

We should prioritize building spearman because they are cheap and counter knights. Also, we might want to build some archers for versatility, and knights for speed and attack power.

But we need to be mindful of wood and iron. Each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn. So villages with low resources can still build if they have enough stock. We should check each village's stock and what they can build.

Let's go through each village and decide what to build, if anything.

[0] Lisboa: wood 150, iron 230. Troops 17. Can build many. We might want to build archers or spearman. Since it's interior, we can build and then send to border next turn. Let's build, say, 10 archers? Archer costs 20 wood, 10 iron. 10 archers = 200 wood, 10 iron. Wood 150 insufficient. So max archers: 7 (140 wood, 70 iron). Or spearman: 15 wood each, can build 10 (150 wood). Or knights: 30 wood, 30 iron, can build 5 (150 wood, 150 iron). We might want to build a mix. Since we need spearman for counter, let's build spearman. But Lisboa already has 4 spear, 12 arch, 1 knight. It has a lot of archers. We might want to balance. Let's build 10 spearman? That uses 150 wood. Then wood becomes 0. Iron remains 230. Or we could build 5 spearman (75 wood) and 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) etc. We need to decide based on what we plan to send. Since Lisboa is interior, we can send troops to Santarem or Evora next turn to forward them. But we can also build directly in border villages. It might be more efficient to build in border villages directly, since they have lower resource stocks but can still build. Let's check border villages' resources: Badajoz has 40 wood, 220 iron. Cordoba has 30 wood, 140 iron. Madrid has 40 wood, 110 iron. Teruel has 60 wood, 30 iron. Valencia has 70 wood, 60 iron. Pamplona has 30 wood, 100 iron. These border villages have limited wood, so they can only build a few spearman or archers. But they produce 30 wood per turn, so they can accumulate. We should build in border villages to reinforce them directly, saving travel time.

Let's plan builds for each border village:

- Badajoz [4]: wood 40, iron 220. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) leaving 10 wood, or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 20 wood, or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 10 wood, 190 iron. Since Badajoz already has 18 spear, 10 arch, it's strong. We might want to build more spearman to replace losses if we send some? But we aren't sending from Badajoz this turn. We could build 2 spearman to increase garrison.

- Cordoba [11]: wood 30, iron 140. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Already has 14 spear, 3 arch. Build 2 spearman.

- Madrid [12]: wood 40, iron 110. We plan to send 7 spear, 1 arch, 2 knight to Zaragoza, leaving 6 spear. We might want to build more to replenish. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) leaving 10 wood, or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaving 20 wood, or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 10 wood, 80 iron. Since we are sending away troops, we should build to replace. Let's build 2 spearman and maybe 1 archer? But wood is limited. 2 spearman = 30 wood, leaves 10 wood. Then we have 10 wood, can't build another spearman (needs 15). Could build an archer with 20 wood? We only have 10 left. So we can only build 2 spearman. Or we could build 1 knight (30 wood) and 0 spearman? That uses 30 wood, leaves 10 wood. Knight costs 30 iron, we have 110 iron. So 1 knight is possible. But we might want more spearman. Let's build 2 spearman.

- Teruel [13]: wood 60, iron 30. We might send its troops somewhere or keep them. We can build 4 spearman (60 wood) or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaving 30 wood. Since Teruel has 5 troops, we might want to build more to defend its border. Let's build 4 spearman? That uses all wood. Then Teruel would have 2 existing spear + 4 = 6 spear, plus 2 arch, 1 knight. That's decent.

- Valencia [16]: wood 70, iron 60. Has 5 spear. Can build 4 spearman (60 wood) leaving 10 wood, or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) leaving 10 wood, 30 iron, or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Since Valencia borders Castellon (10 knights), we might want to build spearman to counter knights? Actually, if we attack Castellon, we'd want spearman? But spearman counter knight, so if we attack with spearman, we get bonus against knights. But Castellon has 10 knights, defense 25. To attack Castellon, we'd need more troops. For now, let's build 4 spearman to reinforce.

- Pamplona [19]: wood 30, iron 100. Has 8 spear. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). We plan to send the 8 spear to Zaragoza (they take 2 turns). So Pamplona will be left with 0 troops if we send all. We might want to build troops to leave in Pamplona for defense. Pamplona borders Zaragoza and Huesca. If we send all 8 spear, Pamplona becomes empty. The enemy could attack Pamplona from Huesca or Zaragoza. Huesca has 3 knights, defense 8. If we leave 0, they could capture it. So we should either not send all from Pamplona, or build troops to replace. We can build 2 spearman this turn. If we build 2 spearman, they will be ready at the start of turn 23? Actually, building takes 1 turn. If we order build now, they are ready at the start of turn 23. So if we send the 8 spear now, they leave at the start of turn 23? Actually, they march. The build order: we can order build for turn 22, and the troops are ready at the end of turn 22? Or at the start of turn 23? The rule: "ready in 1 turn." Typically, if you build in turn N, they are available at turn N+1. So if we build now (turn 22), they are ready at the start of turn 23. So on turn 23, Pamplona will have the newly built troops. If we send the 8 spear on turn 22, they march and arrive at Zaragoza on turn 24 (since 2 turns). So on turn 23, Pamplona's garrison will be the newly built 2 spearman. That's better than 0. So we can send all 8 spear from Pamplona, and build 2 spearman to leave. That gives Pamplona a small garrison.

Now, interior villages: we can also build to later send to border. But we need to consider travel time. If we build in an interior village this turn, they are ready next turn. Then we can send them the turn after. So they won't arrive at the front until turn 24 or later. That might be too late for the critical attack on Zaragoza (which happens turn 23). So we should focus on building in villages that are already at the front, or that can send troops directly to the front next turn.

We also need to consider that we might want to attack Zaragoza from multiple angles to ensure capture and have enough troops to hold. Perhaps we should send a larger army from Madrid, and also send from Teruel to Zaragoza? But as discussed, sending from both might cause them to fight separately. However, if we send from Teruel to Zaragoza, and they arrive turn 23, and Madrid also arrives turn 23, the order of fights might be: first Madrid fights, wins, captures. Then Teruel arrives and finds it friendly, so they join. That would be ideal. But the rule says "each send fights alone, one at a time." It doesn't specify the order. It might be that both are considered to attack simultaneously, and the defender fights both? That would be bad. To avoid risk, we could send from Teruel to a different target, or send them to Madrid? But they can't reach Madrid. What if we send Teruel's troops to Zaragoza, but we also send Madrid's troops to Zaragoza? If the game treats them as separate attacks, the first one might lose, and the second one might also lose if the garrison is still full. But if the first one wins, the second one might not have to fight. I think it's safer to send only one attacking army from one village, and send reinforcements from other villages to that same village but they will arrive later and join the garrison. Since we can't control the order, we should avoid sending multiple armies to the same enemy village on the same turn. So I will only send from Madrid to Zaragoza. From Pamplona, we send to Zaragoza but they take 2 turns, so they arrive later and will join the garrison after it's captured. That's good. From Teruel, we could send to Valencia (friendly) to reinforce it, or we could send to Zaragoza but with a delay? If we send from Teruel to Zaragoza, they take 1 turn, so they'd arrive same turn as Madrid. To avoid that, we could send them to a different village, or not send them. Alternatively, we could send Teruel's troops to Madrid? But as we saw, they can't go directly. They could go to Valencia, and from Valencia to Madrid? That would take multiple turns. Not useful.

So let's decide: Send from Madrid to Zaragoza: 7 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight (total 10). Leave 6 spearman in Madrid.
Send from Salamanca to Madrid: 10 spearman (to reinforce Madrid). Leave 2 spearman, 2 knight in Salamanca? Salamanca has 12 spear, 2 knight. If we send 10 spear, we have 2 spear, 2 knight left. That's okay.
Send from Pamplona to Zaragoza: 8 spearman (all). They take 2 turns, arrive turn 24.
Build in Madrid: 2 spearman (using 30 wood, leaves 10 wood). So Madrid will have 6 left + 2 built = 8 spearman at end of turn? Actually, build order: we build now, they are ready at start of turn 23. But the troops we send leave at start of turn 23. So the new builds are available to send? No, they are built during turn 22 and ready at turn 23. They cannot be sent on turn 22 because they are building. So on turn 23, Madrid will have the 6 spearman we left, plus the 2 newly built, plus the 10 from Salamanca arriving, total 18 spearman. But wait: the 10 from Salamanca arrive at start of turn 23. The 2 built are ready at start of turn 23. The 6 left are there at start of turn 23 (since we didn't send them). So Madrid's garrison at start of turn 23 is 6 + 2 + 10 = 18 spearman. That's good.

But we also need to consider resources: Madrid has wood 40, iron 110. Building 2 spearman costs 30 wood, so wood becomes 10. Iron: spearman cost 0 iron, so iron remains 110. Next turn, Madrid will produce 30 wood, so wood 40, and can build more.

Now, what about other villages? We should also build in other border villages to prepare for future attacks or to defend.

Let's list builds for each village, considering we want to maximize our strength.

We also need to consider that we might want to attack other enemy villages to reach 18 faster? But we only need one more. Zaragoza is the best candidate.

But wait: we already have 17 villages. If we capture Zaragoza, we will have 18. But we need to hold it for two consecutive turns. If we capture it on turn 23, we have 18 at the end of turn 23. On turn 24, we must still hold it. The enemy might try to retake it. They could send troops from Toledo or from other places. But to reach Zaragoza, they would have to go through Madrid or Teruel or Pamplona, which are our villages. If we have strong garrisons in those, they will have to fight through them. Actually, the enemy can move through enemy villages? They can move from Toledo to Zaragoza via Madrid? But Madrid is ours, so they would have to attack Madrid to get to Zaragoza. If they attack Madrid and win, they could then move to Zaragoza? But armies stop at the first enemy village. So if they go from Toledo to Madrid, they fight Madrid. If they win, they capture Madrid, then they can continue to Zaragoza? But they would have to spend turns. So it's unlikely they can retake Zaragoza quickly if we hold Madrid and Teruel.

But we also need to consider that the enemy might have troops in Zaragoza already? We are attacking it, so after we capture it, it will have our troops. The enemy could send reinforcements to Zaragoza from other enemy villages that are connected directly? Zaragoza is connected to [12] Madrid (ours), [13] Teruel (ours), [19] Pamplona (ours), [20] Huesca (enemy), [21] Tarragona (enemy). So the enemy can send troops from Huesca or Tarragona to Zaragoza without passing through our villages. Huesca has 3 knights. Tarragona is unexplored, but it's enemy. So the enemy could reinforce Zaragoza from Huesca or Tarragona. If they send from Huesca to Zaragoza, they would arrive and fight our troops in Zaragoza. So we need a strong garrison in Zaragoza to defend against that. Our attacking army from Madrid will be weakened after capturing it. We need to reinforce it quickly. Pamplona's 8 spearman arrive on turn 24. That might help. But on turn 23, after the battle, Zaragoza will have whatever troops survived from the Madrid army. If we send 10 troops and lose, say, 5, we have 5 left. That might not be enough to defend against Huesca's 3 knights. Huesca's attack: 3 knights, attack 12. If Zaragoza has 5 spearman, defense: base 5*2=10, location bonus x1.25? Zaragoza is a village? It was enemy, now captured. It should have the same location bonus as a village? Probably x1.25. So effective defense = 10 * 1.25 = 12.5. Counter: if attacker is knights (most numerous) and defender is spearman, defender gets counter bonus: 12.5 * 1.5 = 18.75. Attack 12, so defender wins. So 5 spearman might be enough to defend against 3 knights. But if the enemy sends more from Tarragona or elsewhere, it could be overwhelmed. So we should try to send more troops to Zaragoza.

Can we send more from Madrid? If we send more from Madrid, we leave less in Madrid, making Madrid vulnerable. But we can reinforce Madrid from Salamanca and other interior villages. Let's see if we can send a larger force from Madrid. Madrid has 16 troops. We could send, say, 12 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight (total 15). Attack = 12+2+8=22, *1.5=33 >25. Leave 1 spearman in Madrid. Then reinforce Madrid from Salamanca: send 14 from Salamanca? Salamanca has 14 troops (12 spear, 2 knight). If we send all 14, Madrid gets 1+14=15 spearman. Defense: base 15*2=30, effective 30*1.25=37.5, with counter vs knights: 37.5*1.5=56.25 > 54 (Toledo attack). So Madrid can still defend. But Salamanca becomes empty. Salamanca is interior, but it borders Madrid and others. If it's empty, the enemy could attack it? But Salamanca is not bordering any enemy village directly? Road: Salamanca [7] connects to [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz, [6] Porto, [12] Madrid. No direct enemy connection. So it's safe from direct attack. The enemy would have to go through Madrid or another our village to reach it. So leaving Salamanca empty might be okay. But we also have Coimbra, Porto, etc. They are interior. We could send from other interior villages to Salamanca to refill it, but that takes time.

Let's consider the overall troop balance. We have many interior villages with troops that can be moved to the front. We can send them to border villages over the next turns. For this turn, we need to decide on orders.

I think a good plan is:
- Attack Zaragoza from Madrid with a strong force, leaving a minimal garrison in Madrid, and reinforce Madrid from Salamanca.
- Also send from Pamplona to Zaragoza as a second wave (arrives later).
- Build troops in border villages to replenish and increase strength.
- Possibly send from other interior villages to border villages to prepare for future.

But we also need to consider that we might want to attack other villages to secure more territory. However, capturing Zaragoza should be our main goal this turn.

Let's calculate exactly what to send from Madrid. We want to maximize attack while leaving enough in Madrid to defend with Salamanca's help. Let's set a condition: Madrid's garrison at the start of turn 23 (after Salamanca arrives) should be at least, say, 15 spearman to defend against Toledo. Actually, we calculated with 15 spearman, defense 56.25 > 54. So 15 is safe. With 14, defense = 14*2=28, effective 28*1.25=35, *1.5=52.5 < 54, so they would lose. So we need at least 15 spearman in Madrid at the start of turn 23. Madrid currently has 13 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. If we send some, we leave some. Salamanca can send spearman. Salamanca has 12 spearman, 2 knight. We can send all 12 spearman from Salamanca, leaving the 2 knight. Then Madrid will have (left spear) + 12 + (built spear). We plan to build 2 spearman in Madrid. So total spear in Madrid = (left spear) + 12 + 2 = (left spear) + 14. To have at least 15, we need left spear >= 1. So we can send all but 1 spearman from Madrid. That means we send 12 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight? That's 15 troops. Attack = 12+2+8=22, *1.5=33. That's good. Leave 1 spearman in Madrid. Then Madrid garrison at start of turn 23: 1 (left) + 12 (from Salamanca) + 2 (built) = 15 spearman. Perfect.

But wait: Salamanca has 12 spearman. If we send all 12, Salamanca is left with 2 knight. That's fine. But we also need to consider that Salamanca might want to build troops. Salamanca has wood 90, iron 130. We can build there. If we send all spearman, we might want to build more spearman in Salamanca for future. But we can build this turn: Salamanca can build, say, 6 spearman (90 wood) or other. If we build 6 spearman, they are ready at start of turn 23. But if we send the existing 12 spearman on turn 22, they leave at start of turn 23. The new builds arrive at start of turn 23. So Salamanca's garrison at start of turn 23 would be the 2 knight + 6 new spearman = 8 troops. That's okay. But we need to send orders: we can both build and send from Salamanca. The troops we send are the ones available at the time of sending? The rule: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" lists the troops we can send. That is based on current garrison. We can send any of them. If we build new troops, they are not available to send this turn because they are building. So we can send the existing 12 spearman, and build new ones for next turn.

So from Salamanca: send 12 spearman to Madrid. Build: we have wood 90, iron 130. We can build 6 spearman (90 wood) or 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) or 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron). Since we need spearman for defense, let's build 6 spearman? But wait, if we send all spearman, we might want to build more spearman to have them for future. But Salamanca is interior; we can build spearman there and then send them to Madrid next turn. So building 6 spearman is good. But we also might want to build knights? Knights are useful for fast attacks. But we have few iron in some places. Salamanca has 130 iron, so it can build 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron) leaving 0 wood, 40 iron. Or 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) leaving 10 wood, 90 iron. I think building spearman is safer because they are cheap and counter knights. Let's build 6 spearman.

Now, what about other villages? We need to consider the whole picture. We also have Pamplona: send 8 spearman to Zaragoza (they take 2 turns). Build in Pamplona: wood 30, iron 100. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Since we are sending all spearman, we should build something to leave in Pamplona. Let's build 2 spearman. Then Pamplona will have 2 spearman at start of turn 23 (the new builds), plus the 2 knight? No, Pamplona has 0 knights, 0 archers. So only 2 spearman. That's a small garrison, but better than 0. Pamplona borders Huesca (3 knights) and Zaragoza (after capture). With 2 spearman, defense: base 2*2=4, effective 4*1.25=5, with counter? If attacked by knights, defender gets counter: 5*1.5=7.5. Huesca attack 3 knights = 12. So they would lose. So 2 spearman is not enough to defend Pamplona if Huesca attacks. But maybe the enemy won't attack Pamplona this turn. We could instead not send all from Pamplona, or send from somewhere else to reinforce Pamplona. But Pamplona is far from our other villages. We could send from Burgos [14] to Pamplona? Burgos connects to [10] Vigo, [12] Madrid, [19] Pamplona. So Burgos to Pamplona is direct. Burgos has 5 troops (2 spear, 3 arch). We could send them to Pamplona to reinforce. But they would take time. Let's check march time from Burgos to Pamplona. The report for Burgos says: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". It doesn't give to Pamplona. But since they are connected, the distance might be similar. Let's assume it's 1 or 2 turns. We could send from Burgos to Pamplona. But we need to decide.

Alternatively, we could send from Pamplona to Zaragoza only 6 spearman, leaving 2 to defend. But then the attack on Zaragoza from Pamplona would be weaker. Pamplona's attack would be 6 spearman = attack 6, with counter (spearman vs knight) = 9. That's not enough to capture Zaragoza (defense 25). So Pamplona cannot capture Zaragoza alone; it's just a reinforcement. So we want to send as many as possible from Pamplona to Zaragoza to reinforce after capture, but we need to leave some to defend Pamplona. We can build 2 spearman, so if we send 6, leave 2, then Pamplona has 2 at start of turn 23, plus the 2 built? Actually, if we send 6, we leave 2. Then we build 2, so total 4 at start of turn 23? Wait, the build is for turn 22, ready turn 23. The send happens turn 22, troops leave at start of turn 23. So at start of turn 23, the troops we left (2) are there, plus the newly built (2) = 4. That's better. But then we only send 6 to Zaragoza. They take 2 turns, arrive turn 24. So on turn 24, Zaragoza gets 6 spearman. That's a decent reinforcement.

Let's check Pamplona's resources: wood 30, iron 100. If we build 2 spearman, wood becomes 0. We could also build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) instead of 2 spearman, but then we have 0 spearman left if we send all 8. Actually, if we send 8, leave 0, build 1 knight, then Pamplona has 1 knight. That's not great against knights. Spearman are better for defense against knights. So build 2 spearman.

Now, what about Teruel? Teruel has 5 troops. We could send them to Valencia to reinforce, or send them to Zaragoza? If we send to Zaragoza, they arrive turn 23, same time as Madrid. That might cause multiple attacks. But maybe we can send them to Zaragoza and hope they fight after Madrid? Or we could send them to Madrid? They can't reach Madrid directly. They could go to Valencia, and then from Valencia to Madrid? That would take 2 turns. Not useful for this turn. Let's send Teruel's troops to Valencia to reinforce it. Valencia is a border village with Castellon. We might want to attack Castellon later. For now, reinforcing Valencia is good. Teruel to Valencia: road direct? Teruel [13] connects to [16] Valencia. So yes. March time: not given, but likely 1 turn? Since Teruel is border, and Valencia is ours. Let's check the report for Teruel: it says "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That's to Zaragoza. To Valencia, it might be similar. Let's assume 1 turn. So if we send from Teruel to Valencia now, they arrive turn 23. Valencia currently has 5 spearman. We can build there too. Let's plan: send from Teruel to Valencia: all 5 troops? Teruel has 2 spear, 2 arch, 1 knight. Attack power 10. If we send all, Teruel becomes empty. But Teruel is a border village with enemy neighbors: Toledo, Zaragoza, Castellon. If we empty it, the enemy could attack it. We should leave some troops in Teruel for defense. Teruel's effective defense is 13 (with location bonus). That's low. If we leave, say, 1 spearman, defense becomes even lower. We might want to build in Teruel to increase its garrison. Let's build in Teruel: wood 60, iron 30. We can build 4 spearman (60 wood) or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). If we build 4 spearman, they are ready turn 23. If we send all current troops, Teruel will have only the 4 new spearman at start of turn 23. That's 4 spearman, defense: base 4*2=8, effective 8*1.25=10, with counter vs knights? If attacked by knights, counter bonus: 10*1.5=15. That might hold against small attacks. But we might want to keep some of the current troops. Let's send from Teruel to Valencia: maybe just the 2 archer and 1 knight? Or send 2 spearman? We need to decide.

Actually, we might not need to send from Teruel at all. We can just build in Teruel and leave its troops there to defend. Since we are focusing on Zaragoza, Teruel is not directly involved in the attack (except as a neighboring village that the enemy might use to reinforce Zaragoza? Actually, Teruel is ours, so the enemy cannot march through it. So Teruel acts as a barrier. So we should keep a decent garrison there to prevent enemy from moving from Toledo to Zaragoza via Teruel? Wait, the enemy can only move along roads. If Teruel is ours, the enemy cannot march through it. So if we hold Teruel, the enemy cannot use the road from Toledo to Zaragoza via Teruel. They would have to go via Madrid or via Castellon->Tarragona->Zaragoza. So holding Teruel with even a small force blocks that route. So we should leave enough in Teruel to defend it against attack. What could attack Teruel? Toledo could attack Teruel via road [8] Toledo to [13] Teruel. Or Castellon could attack via [18] to [13]. Or Zaragoza could attack via [17] to [13]. So Teruel is exposed. Its current defense is 13. That's low. We should build more spearman there to increase defense. Let's build 4 spearman in Teruel. And we can leave its current troops there. So we don't send any from Teruel. That strengthens Teruel's defense.

Now, Valencia: we might want to build there to prepare for attacking Castellon or defending. Valencia has wood 70, iron 60. Current troops: 5 spearman. We can build 4 spearman (60 wood) or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Since Valencia borders Castellon (10 knights), we might want to build spearman to counter knights if we attack. But for now, let's build 4 spearman to reinforce. Then Valencia will have 9 spearman. That's a good garrison.

Now, other border villages: Badajoz and Cordoba border Toledo. We might want to build there to prepare for a future attack on Toledo, but Toledo is strong. For now, we just need to hold them. Badajoz has 28 troops, Cordoba 17. They are decent. We can build more there. Badajoz: wood 40, iron 220. Build 2 spearman (30 wood). Cordoba: wood 30, iron 140. Build 2 spearman (30 wood). That increases their garrisons.

Interior villages: we can build troops and then next turn send them to border. But we need to decide which interior villages to build in and where to send them later. For now, we can build in all villages that have resources and capacity. But we must not exceed the cap of 300 troops per village. Most interior villages have low troop counts, so cap is not an issue.

Let's list all villages and propose builds:

[0] Lisboa: wood 150, iron 230, troops 17. Build: let's build 10 spearman? 10*15=150 wood. Or we could build a mix. Since Lisboa has many archers already (12), we might want to build spearman to balance. Build 10 spearman. (wood 0, iron 230). Or build 5 spearman (75 wood) and 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) leaving 15 wood, 200 iron. I think building 10 spearman is fine. But we also might want knights. Knights cost 30 wood, 30 iron. We could build 5 knights (150 wood, 150 iron). But we already have 7 knights total. We might want more knights for fast attacks. However, knights are expensive. Let's build 10 spearman for now. They can be sent to Santarem or Evora next turn.

[1] Santarem: wood 150, iron 250, troops 10. Build: 10 spearman (150 wood) or mix. Let's build 10 spearman.

[2] Evora: wood 150, iron 310, troops 18. Build: 10 spearman (150 wood) or 5 spearman and 3 archers, etc. Build 10 spearman.

[3] Coimbra: wood 150, iron 280, troops 5. Build: 10 spearman (150 wood).

[5] Faro: wood 150, iron 280, troops 13. Build: 10 spearman.

[6] Porto: wood 150, iron 230, troops 9. Build: 10 spearman.

[7] Salamanca: we already plan to send 12 spearman to Madrid, and build 6 spearman. But Salamanca has wood 90, iron 130. If we build 6 spearman, wood becomes 0. We also need to consider that we are sending 12 spearman. Those 12 are already there. So after sending, Salamanca will have 0 spearman, 2 knight. Then the 6 built arrive turn 23. So Salamanca's garrison at turn 23 will be 2 knight + 6 spearman = 8. That's okay. But we might want to build more later. For now, build 6 spearman.

[9] Sevilha: wood 150, iron 200, troops 0. Build: 10 spearman (150 wood). Or we could build knights? Since it's 0 troops, we need to build something to have a garrison. Build 10 spearman.

[10] Vigo: wood 150, iron 200, troops 5. Build: 10 spearman (150 wood).

[14] Burgos: wood 150, iron 120, troops 5. Build: 10 spearman (150 wood) or 4 archers? Burgos has 2 spear, 3 arch. We might want to balance. Build 10 spearman? But iron 120, so we could build 4 archers (80 wood, 40 iron) and 4 spearman (60 wood) total 140 wood, 40 iron. Let's just build 10 spearman for simplicity, using 150 wood.

[15] Murcia: wood 60, iron 100, troops 0. Build: 4 spearman (60 wood) or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Build 4 spearman.

[16] Valencia: wood 70, iron 60, troops 5. Build: 4 spearman (60 wood) leaving 10 wood. Or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 4 spearman.

[19] Pamplona: wood 30, iron 100, troops 8. We plan to send 8 spearman, build 2 spearman. So build 2 spearman (30 wood).

[11] Cordoba: wood 30, iron 140, troops 17. Build 2 spearman (30 wood).

[12] Madrid: wood 40, iron 110, troops 16. Build 2 spearman (30 wood). We also send 12 spear, 1 arch, 2 knight to Zaragoza, leave 1 spear. Wait, we need to recalc: Madrid has 13 spear, 1 arch, 2 knight. If we send 12 spear, 1 arch, 2 knight, we leave 1 spear. Then we build 2 spear, so at turn 23, Madrid has 1+2=3 spear plus the arriving 12 from Salamanca = 15 spear. But wait: the 1 archer and 2 knights are sent, so they are not in Madrid. So Madrid's garrison at turn 23 is 15 spear. That's fine.

[13] Teruel: wood 60, iron 30, troops 5. Build 4 spearman (60 wood). We don't send any troops from Teruel. So Teruel's garrison at turn 23: current 5 (2 spear, 2 arch, 1 knight) + 4 new spear = 9 troops (6 spear, 2 arch, 1 knight). That's a good defense.

[4] Badajoz: wood 40, iron 220, troops 28. Build 2 spearman (30 wood). Or 1 archer? Let's build 2 spearman.

Now, we also need to consider sending troops from interior villages to border villages to prepare for future. But we have to be careful about travel time. If we send from interior now, they arrive at border on turn 23 or later. That could be useful to have troops in position for the next turn. For example, we could send from Lisboa to Badajoz? Lisboa to Badajoz: road? Lisboa [0] connects to [1] Santarem and [2] Evora. To get to Badajoz, they'd go through Santarem? Actually, Badajoz [4] connects to [1] Santarem, [5] Faro, [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo, [9] Sevilha. So from Lisboa to Badajoz: Lisboa -> Santarem -> Badajoz. That's two roads. March time: from Lisboa to Santarem is? The report for Lisboa says: "from here to your nearest border village [4] Badajoz: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So Lisboa to Badajoz takes 2 turns for slow, 1 for medium/fast. So if we send from Lisboa now, they'd arrive at Badajoz on turn 24 if fast, or turn 23 if medium? Actually, 1 medium turn means they arrive next turn (turn 23) if we send archers. So we could send archers from Lisboa to Badajoz to reinforce. But Badajoz already has 28 troops. We might not need them there. We could send to other border villages that are more critical, like Madrid or Pamplona. But Madrid is getting reinforced from Salamanca. Pamplona is far; from Lisboa to Pamplona would take many turns.

We should focus on ensuring our critical border villages are strong. The most critical is Madrid, because it's the springboard for Zaragoza and also defends against Toledo. We are reinforcing it from Salamanca. We could also send from other interior villages to Madrid? For example, from Burgos to Madrid: Burgos [14] connects to [12] Madrid directly. March time: Burgos to Madrid: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" as per report? The report for Burgos says: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So we can send from Burgos to Madrid in 1 turn. Burgos has 5 troops (2 spear, 3 arch). We could send them to Madrid to reinforce. But if we send them, Burgos becomes empty. Burgos is interior, but it borders Madrid and Pamplona and Vigo. If it's empty, it might be vulnerable if the enemy reaches it. But the enemy would have to go through Madrid or Pamplona to get to Burgos. So it's relatively safe. We could send Burgos's troops to Madrid to add to the defense. But Madrid is already getting 12 from Salamanca, and we left 1, built 2, so 15 spear. Adding Burgos's 2 spear and 3 arch would make it 17 spear, 3 arch. That's even better. But we need to consider that we might want to keep some troops in Burgos to prevent it from being completely empty. However, Burgos produces resources and can build more. If we send all 5, Burgos has 0. Next turn we can build there. That's probably fine.

Similarly, we could send from Vigo to Burgos? Or from Porto to Salamanca? We need to think about the overall flow. Since we are focusing on the Zaragoza front, we should move troops towards Madrid and Pamplona.

Let's decide on movements. We have already decided:
- From Madrid to Zaragoza: 12 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight.
- From Salamanca to Madrid: 12 spearman.
- From Pamplona to Zaragoza: 8 spearman (all).
- From Teruel: no movement (stay and build).
- From other villages: we could send reinforcements to Madrid or Pamplona or Zaragoza. But Zaragoza is enemy, so we can only send to our own villages. After capture, we can send to Zaragoza. But for now, we can send to Madrid to build up the garrison that will then move to Zaragoza next turn? Actually, if we send to Madrid now, they arrive turn 23. They could then be sent to Zaragoza on turn 23, arriving turn 24. That could be a second wave. So we can send from interior villages to Madrid now, and then next turn send them from Madrid to Zaragoza. That would reinforce Zaragoza on turn 24. That's a good plan.

So let's send from some interior villages to Madrid:
- From Burgos [14] to Madrid [12]: send all 5 troops? Burgos has 2 spear, 3 arch. Send them. March time: 1 turn (fast? Actually, mixed army: slowest is spearman (slow)? Wait, Burgos has 2 spear (slow), 3 arch (medium). Mixed army marches at speed of slowest: slow. So march time: from Burgos to Madrid: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". For slow, it takes 1 turn? Actually, the report says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" meaning the distance is such that slow troops take 1 turn, medium 1, fast 1? That seems all 1. So even slow troops take 1 turn. So they arrive turn 23. Good.
- From Vigo [10] to Madrid? Vigo connects to [6] Porto and [14] Burgos. To get to Madrid, they'd go through Burgos or Porto -> Salamanca -> Madrid. That's multiple turns. Not good.
- From Porto [6] to Salamanca [7]? Porto connects to [3] Coimbra, [7] Salamanca, [10] Vigo. So Porto to Salamanca is direct. March time: not given, but likely 1 or 2 turns. We could send from Porto to Salamanca to reinforce Salamanca, and then from Salamanca to Madrid. But Salamanca is already sending troops to Madrid. We could send from Porto to Salamanca to refill Salamanca after it sends. But that would take time. Let's keep it simple.

We also need to consider Coimbra [3], which is connected to Santarem and Porto and Salamanca. We could send from Coimbra to Salamanca? Coimbra to Salamanca: road? Coimbra [3] connects to [1] Santarem, [6] Porto, [7] Salamanca. So direct to Salamanca. March time: probably 1-2 turns. We could send Coimbra's troops to Salamanca to reinforce. Coimbra has 5 troops (2 spear, 3 arch). If we send them to Salamanca now, they arrive turn 23 or 24. Salamanca is sending 12 spear to Madrid. So Salamanca will be low on troops. Sending Coimbra's troops to Salamanca would help maintain its garrison.

But we need to be careful not to overcomplicate. The game allows many orders. We can send from multiple villages.

Let's list all movements we want to make:

1. Madrid -> Zaragoza: 12 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight.
2. Salamanca -> Madrid: 12 spearman.
3. Pamplona -> Zaragoza: 8 spearman.
4. Burgos -> Madrid: 2 spearman, 3 archer (all troops). (to reinforce Madrid further)
5. Coimbra -> Salamanca: 2 spearman, 3 archer (all troops). (to reinforce Salamanca after it sends)
6. Maybe send from other interior villages to border? For example, from Lisboa to Santarem? But Santarem is interior and not a border. We might want to send from Lisboa to Badajoz? But Badajoz is already strong. Let's see if we need to reinforce Badajoz. Badajoz borders Toledo. Toledo might attack Badajoz. Badajoz has 28 troops, defense 70. That's very high. So it's safe. Cordoba has 17 troops, defense 43. That's decent. So we don't need to reinforce them immediately.

We also need to consider that we are sending a lot of troops to Madrid and Zaragoza. After turn 23, Madrid will have: 1 (left) + 12 (from Salamanca) + 2 (built) + 2 (from Burgos) + 3 arch = 20 troops? Wait, Burgos sends 2 spear, 3 arch. So Madrid gets 2 spear, 3 arch. So total Madrid garrison at turn 23: spear: 1+12+2+2 = 17 spear? Actually, 1 left + 12 from Salamanca + 2 built + 2 from Burgos = 17 spear. Plus 3 arch from Burgos. So 20 troops. That's excellent.

Salamanca after sending 12 spear: it has 2 knight left. Then Coimbra sends 2 spear, 3 arch to Salamanca, arriving turn 23 (if 1 turn). So Salamanca garrison at turn 23: 2 knight + 2 spear + 3 arch = 7 troops. Plus we built 6 spearman there, so total 13? Wait, the 6 built are ready turn 23. So Salamanca at turn 23: 2 knight (original) + 2 spear (from Coimbra) + 3 arch (from Coimbra) + 6 spear (built) = 2 knight, 8 spear, 3 arch = 13 troops. That's good.

Burgos after sending all: 0 troops. But we can build there. We planned to build 10 spearman in Burgos? Actually, we said build 10 spearman in Burgos. But if we send all current troops, Burgos will have 0 at start of turn 23, but the 10 built are ready turn 23. So Burgos garrison at turn 23: 10 spearman. That's fine.

Coimbra after sending all: 0 troops. We planned to build 10 spearman in Coimbra. So at turn 23, Coimbra has 10 spearman.

Now, what about other interior villages? We can build in them and leave them. They will have their new builds at turn 23.

We also need to consider that we might want to send troops to Zaragoza after it's captured. We already have Pamplona sending 8 spearman (arrive turn 24). We could also send from Madrid to Zaragoza on turn 23? But we can only give orders now for turn 22. For turn 23, we will give orders next turn. So we can plan to send from Madrid to Zaragoza on turn 23, using the troops that arrive at Madrid. But we need to wait for the next turn to issue those orders.

Now, let's double-check the rules on sending troops to an enemy village: we must specify the destination. We are sending to [17] Zaragoza, which is enemy. That's allowed.

Now, let's verify the march times for all our movements:
- Madrid to Zaragoza: 1 turn (all speeds same). So troops arrive at start of turn 23.
- Salamanca to Madrid: report says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So 1 turn. Arrive turn 23.
- Pamplona to Zaragoza: report says "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". We are sending spearman (slow), so 2 turns. Arrive turn 24.
- Burgos to Madrid: report for Burgos says "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So 1 turn. Arrive turn 23.
- Coimbra to Salamanca: need to determine march time. Coimbra to Salamanca: road distance? Not given directly. But we can infer from the report for Coimbra: it says "from here to your nearest border village [4] Badajoz: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That's to Badajoz. To Salamanca might be different. Let's look at the road network: Coimbra [3] connects to [1] Santarem, [6] Porto, [7] Salamanca. So it's directly connected to Salamanca. The distance might be similar to other 1-turn marches? We need to be careful. If we send from Coimbra to Salamanca, and it takes 2 turns, they would arrive turn 24, which is later. That's still okay; they would reinforce Salamanca later. But we need to know the exact time to report correctly. The problem says we must use the march times from the report. The report only gives march times from each village to its nearest border village. For Coimbra, the nearest border village is Badajoz [4], with time "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That suggests the distance to Badajoz is 2 slow turns. To Salamanca, it might be different. Since Salamanca is not a border village for Coimbra? Actually, Salamanca is our village, but it's not a border? Salamanca is interior, but it borders Madrid? Actually, Salamanca is interior (no enemy border). So for Coimbra, the nearest border village is Badajoz. The march time to Salamanca is not given. We should only use the march times provided. The report gives march times only for the purpose of reaching the nearest border village. For other destinations, we might need to estimate or use the road network. The rules say: "The report shows travel time per speed (e.g. 'march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns')." So for each village, the report gives the time to its nearest border village. For interior villages, it gives the time to the nearest border. For border villages, it might give time to the nearest enemy village? Actually, for Madrid, it says "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So that's the time to that specific border. For Salamanca, it says "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So we have times to specific targets. For Coimbra, the nearest border is Badajoz, time given. For Salamanca, the nearest border is Madrid. For Coimbra to Salamanca, we don't have a direct time. We could assume the distance is the same as to Badajoz? But Salamanca might be closer or farther. Since we don't have the time, we should probably not order a movement that we can't time accurately. The safe approach is to only use movements where the march time is explicitly given in the report. The report gives march times for each village to its nearest border village. So we can send from a village to its nearest border village, and we know the time. For example, from Coimbra, we can send to Badajoz (nearest border) with time 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. From Salamanca, we can send to Madrid (nearest border) with time 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. From Burgos, we can send to Madrid (nearest border) with time 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. From Pamplona, we can send to Zaragoza (nearest border) with time 2 slow/1 medium/1 fast. From Madrid, we can send to Zaragoza (nearest border) with time 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast. From Teruel, we can send to Zaragoza (nearest border) with time 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast? Actually, Teruel's nearest border is Zaragoza? It says "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So we can send from Teruel to Zaragoza. But we decided not to, to avoid multiple attacks. But we could send from Teruel to Zaragoza as well, since it's given. But we need to be careful.

What about sending from Coimbra to Salamanca? Not given. So we should avoid that. Instead, we can send from Coimbra to its nearest border, Badajoz. But Badajoz is already strong. Or we can just not send from Coimbra, and leave its troops there, building more. Since Coimbra is interior, it's safe. We can just build there and not send. That's simpler.

Similarly, for other interior villages, we can just build and not send, unless we have a specific march time to a border.

So let's revise movements to only those with known march times:

- Madrid to Zaragoza: time given (1 turn).
- Salamanca to Madrid: time given (1 turn).
- Pamplona to Zaragoza: time given (2 slow, etc.).
- Burgos to Madrid: time given (1 turn).
- Teruel to Zaragoza: time given (1 turn). We could send from Teruel to Zaragoza, but as discussed, that might cause multiple attacks. However, if we send from Teruel and Madrid, they both arrive turn 23. The rule says they fight one at a time. If Madrid fights first and wins, Teruel's army might then fight the new garrison? Or they might both fight the original garrison? The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This implies that the first send fights the original garrison. If it wins, it captures the village. Then the second send arrives and... what? The village is now ours. Does the second send still fight? The rule says "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". If the village is now ours, it is ours, so the second send would not stop; they would join the garrison. But the rule also says "each send fights alone, one at a time" when they arrive at the same target. This might mean that even if the village is captured by the first send, the second send still fights? Unclear. To be safe, we should avoid sending two armies to the same enemy village on the same turn. So we will not send from Teruel to Zaragoza. We will keep Teruel's troops in Teruel and build there.

What about sending from Valencia to Castellon? That's an enemy village, but we don't have the march time given for Valencia to Castellon? Actually, Valencia's nearest border is Castellon [18]. The report for Valencia says: "from here to your nearest border village [18] Castellon: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? Let's check the user's message for Valencia: "[16] Valencia | BORDER with [18] (enemy) | wood 70 (+30/turn) | iron 60 (+20/turn) | effective defense (location bonus included): 13 | troops at home: 5 / 300
    AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 5 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight (attack power if all sent: 5)
    from here to your nearest border village [18] Castellon: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? Actually, the text says: "from here to your nearest border village [18] Castellon: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? I think it does. So we could send from Valencia to Castellon. But Castellon has 10 knights, defense 25. Our attack 5 is too weak. So we shouldn't.

What about sending from Cordoba to Toledo? Cordoba's nearest border is Toledo [8]. The report for Cordoba says: "from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? Actually, Cordoba: "[11] Cordoba | BORDER with [8] (enemy) | ... from here to your nearest border village [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"? I think so. But Toledo is strong. We could send a small army to distract, but we don't need to.

So the only attack we are launching is on Zaragoza from Madrid. We also send reinforcements from Pamplona (arrive later) and from Burgos to Madrid (to reinforce Madrid). We also send from Salamanca to Madrid.

Now, we need to consider that we are moving a lot of troops from interior to Madrid. This leaves interior villages weak. But they can build back. Also, we need to ensure that we don't violate the cap of 300 troops per village. None of our villages are near 300, so fine.

Now, let's finalize the build orders. We should build in every village to maximize growth, but we need to be mindful of resources. We can only order builds that the village can pay for NOW. So we must check each village's wood and iron.

Let's list each village's current resources and what we can build. We'll decide a build order for each.

We want to prioritize spearman because they are cheap and effective. We'll build spearman wherever possible, and maybe some archers or knights where we have excess iron.

Here is a plan:

[0] Lisboa: wood 150, iron 230. Build 10 spearman (150 wood). Wood becomes 0.
[1] Santarem: wood 150, iron 250. Build 10 spearman (150 wood). Wood 0.
[2] Evora: wood 150, iron 310. Build 10 spearman (150 wood). Wood 0.
[3] Coimbra: wood 150, iron 280. Build 10 spearman (150 wood). Wood 0.
[4] Badajoz: wood 40, iron 220. Build 2 spearman (30 wood). Wood 10 left. Or build 1 archer? Let's build 2 spearman.
[5] Faro: wood 150, iron 280. Build 10 spearman (150 wood). Wood 0.
[6] Porto: wood 150, iron 230. Build 10 spearman (150 wood). Wood 0.
[7] Salamanca: wood 90, iron 130. We are sending 12 spearman. We can build: 6 spearman (90 wood) uses all wood. Or 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron). Since we need spearman for defense, build 6 spearman. Wood 0, iron 130 left.
[9] Sevilha: wood 150, iron 200. Build 10 spearman (150 wood). Wood 0.
[10] Vigo: wood 150, iron 200. Build 10 spearman (150 wood). Wood 0.
[11] Cordoba: wood 30, iron 140. Build 2 spearman (30 wood). Wood 0.
[12] Madrid: wood 40, iron 110. Build 2 spearman (30 wood). Wood 10 left. (We could also build 1 archer? But wood only 10 left after 2 spearman. So just 2 spearman.)
[13] Teruel: wood 60, iron 30. Build 4 spearman (60 wood). Wood 0.
[14] Burgos: wood 150, iron 120. Build 10 spearman (150 wood). Wood 0. (We are sending all current troops, so we need to rebuild. 10 spearman is good.)
[15] Murcia: wood 60, iron 100. Build 4 spearman (60 wood). Wood 0.
[16] Valencia: wood 70, iron 60. Build 4 spearman (60 wood). Wood 10 left. (Or 3 archers? Let's do 4 spearman.)
[19] Pamplona: wood 30, iron 100. Build 2 spearman (30 wood). Wood 0.

We also have [8] enemy, etc.

Now, we need to check if any village has enough resources for the builds we ordered. We must ensure that the village can pay for the build from its own stock. The stock is the current wood and iron. For example, Lisboa has 150 wood, so 10 spearman cost 150 wood, exactly. So wood becomes 0. That's fine. For Madrid, wood 40, 2 spearman cost 30, wood becomes 10. Fine.

But we also need to consider that some villages are sending troops. The resources are not affected by sending troops; only building costs resources. So we can build even if we send troops away.

Now, let's list the movements clearly with troop counts.

Movements:
1. From [12] Madrid to [17] Zaragoza: spearman: 12, archer: 1, knight: 2. (Total 15)
2. From [7] Salamanca to [12] Madrid: spearman: 12. (We send only spearman, leave the 2 knights in Salamanca)
3. From [19] Pamplona to [17] Zaragoza: spearman: 8. (All spearman)
4. From [14] Burgos to [12] Madrid: spearman: 2, archer: 3. (All troops)

Wait, we also need to consider if we should send from other interior villages to Madrid or other borders. For example, from [6] Porto to [7] Salamanca? Not given. From [3] Coimbra to [7] Salamanca? Not given. So we'll stick with these.

But we also have [1] Santarem, [2] Evora, etc. They can send to nearby villages if we have march times. For Santarem, nearest border is Badajoz [4] with time "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So we could send from Santarem to Badajoz to reinforce. Badajoz is already strong, but we could send some. However, we might want to keep troops in Santarem for now. Let's not overextend.

We also need to consider that we are sending a lot of troops to Madrid. Madrid's cap is 300, currently 16, so plenty of room.

Now, let's double-check the attack on Zaragoza. We are sending 12 spear, 1 arch, 2 knight. Attack power: 12*1 + 1*2 + 2*4 = 12+2+8 = 22. Counter: most numerous in our army is spearman (12). Enemy most numerous is knight (7). Spearman counters knight, so we get 1.5x bonus. Effective attack = 22 * 1.5 = 33. Enemy defense = 25 (effective, includes location bonus). So we win. Losses: we don't know exact, but we will have some troops left. After battle, our troops will be reduced. The surviving troops will be in Zaragoza. We need to ensure we have enough to defend. With 15 troops, we might lose, say, 5-10. We'll have 5-10 left. That might be okay if we get reinforcements soon. Pamplona's 8 spear arrive turn 24. Also, next turn (turn 23) we can send more from Madrid to Zaragoza. Madrid will have a large garrison (around 20), so we can send some to Zaragoza on turn 23 to arrive turn 24. That would reinforce further.

Now, we need to write the plan and statement.

Plan: We need to write a note to our next turn. It should summarize what we are doing and what to do next.

Statement: A short text for the audience about what we did this turn.

Let's draft the plan:
"Focus on capturing Zaragoza to reach 18 villages. Send strong army from Madrid to Zaragoza. Reinforce Madrid with troops from Salamanca and Burgos. Send reinforcements from Pamplona to Zaragoza (arrive later). Build spearman in all villages to rebuild strength. Next turn, after capturing Zaragoza, send additional reinforcements from Madrid to Zaragoza to hold it, and continue building. Be careful not to overextend; keep interior villages garrisoned."

But we need to be concise, 2-4 lines.

Statement: "This turn, I ordered a strong assault on Zaragoza from Madrid, reinforced Madrid with troops from Salamanca and Burgos, and sent a later reinforcement from Pamplona. I also built spearman in every village to replenish our forces. My goal is to capture Zaragoza and hold it to reach the 18-village threshold."

Now, we need to format the JSON.

The JSON should have:
"build": [ list of build orders ]
"movements": [ list of movement orders ]
"plan": "text"
"statement": "text"

We need to use the correct village IDs.

Let's list all build orders. We have many villages. We'll list each.

Build orders:
[0] Lisboa: spearman: 10
[1] Santarem: spearman: 10
[2] Evora: spearman: 10
[3] Coimbra: spearman: 10
[4] Badajoz: spearman: 2
[5] Faro: spearman: 10
[6] Porto: spearman: 10
[7] Salamanca: spearman: 6
[9] Sevilha: spearman: 10
[10] Vigo: spearman: 10
[11] Cordoba: spearman: 2
[12] Madrid: spearman: 2
[13] Teruel: spearman: 4
[14] Burgos: spearman: 10
[15] Murcia: spearman: 4
[16] Valencia: spearman: 4
[19] Pamplona: spearman: 2

We also have [8] enemy, etc. Not building there.

Check if we missed any of our villages: [0] to [19] except enemy ones. We have [0],[1],[2],[3],[4],[5],[6],[7],[9],[10],[11],[12],[13],[14],[15],[16],[19]. That's 17 villages. We have builds for all except maybe we didn't list [15] Murcia? We did. [15] Murcia: spearman 4. [9] Sevilha: 10. [10] Vigo: 10. [14] Burgos: 10. All covered.

Now movements:
1. from 12 to 17: spearman 12, archer 1, knight 2.
2. from 7 to 12: spearman 12.
3. from 19 to 17: spearman 8.
4. from 14 to 12: spearman 2, archer 3.

We need to ensure that the villages have these troops available. Let's verify:

Madrid [12]: available: 13 spear, 1 arch, 2 knight. We send 12 spear, 1 arch, 2 knight. That leaves 1 spear. Correct.
Salamanca [7]: available: 12 spear, 0 arch, 2 knight. We send 12 spear. Leaves 2 knight. Correct.
Pamplona [19]: available: 8 spear, 0 arch, 0 knight. We send 8 spear. Leaves 0. Correct.
Burgos [14]: available: 2 spear, 3 arch, 0 knight. We send 2 spear, 3 arch. Leaves 0. Correct.

Now, we need to consider if we should send any troops to other villages. For example, we might want to send from Lisboa to somewhere, but we don't have march time. We can just leave them.

Now, let's write the plan and statement.

Plan: "Next turn, Zaragoza should be captured. Immediately after, send reinforcements from Madrid to Zaragoza to hold it. Also send from other interior villages to Madrid to maintain its garrison. Continue building spearman. Watch for enemy counterattacks from Huesca or Tarragona on Zaragoza. Do not attack Toledo yet."

Statement: "I launched a major attack on Zaragoza from Madrid, reinforced Madrid with troops from Salamanca and Burgos, and sent a follow-up force from Pamplona. I built spearman in all my villages to rebuild my army. My goal is to capture Zaragoza and hold it to reach 18 villages."

Now, we need to output only the JSON. Let's construct it.

We must be careful with the JSON format. The example shows:
{
  "build": [ {"villageId": <id>, "type": <"spearman" | "archer" | "knight">, "quantity": <n>} ],
  "movements": [ {"fromId": <id>, "toId": <id>, "troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}} ],
  "plan": "<text>",
  "statement": "<text>"
}

We need to list each build as a separate object. We can combine builds of the same type in the same village? The example shows one object per build with quantity. So we should have one object per village per type. But we can have multiple objects for the same village if we build different types. In our case, we are only building spearman in each village, so one object per village.

Let's list all build objects:

[0] Lisboa: villageId 0, type spearman, quantity 10
[1] Santarem: 1, spearman, 10
[2] Evora: 2, spearman, 10
[3] Coimbra: 3, spearman, 10
[4] Badajoz: 4, spearman, 2
[5] Faro: 5, spearman, 10
[6] Porto: 6, spearman, 10
[7] Salamanca: 7, spearman, 6
[9] Sevilha: 9, spearman, 10
[10] Vigo: 10, spearman, 10
[11] Cordoba: 11, spearman, 2
[12] Madrid: 12, spearman, 2
[13] Teruel: 13, spearman, 4
[14] Burgos: 14, spearman, 10
[15] Murcia: 15, spearman, 4
[16] Valencia: 16, spearman, 4
[19] Pamplona: 19, spearman, 2

That's 17 builds.

Movements:
1. fromId 12, toId 17, troops: spearman 12, archer 1, knight 2
2. fromId 7, toId 12, troops: spearman 12, archer 0, knight 0
3. fromId 19, toId 17, troops: spearman 8, archer 0, knight 0
4. fromId 14, toId 12, troops: spearman 2, archer 3, knight 0

We need to include all troop types even if 0? The example shows "troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}. So we should include all three with numbers, including 0.

Now, plan and statement strings.

Let's write them.

Plan: "Next turn, capture Zaragoza and send reinforcements from Madrid to hold it. Continue building spearman. Watch for enemy counterattacks from Huesca or Tarragona. Do not attack Toledo yet."

Statement: "I ordered a strong assault on Zaragoza from Madrid, reinforced Madrid with troops from Salamanca and Burgos, and sent a follow-up force from Pamplona. I built spearman in all my villages to rebuild my army. My goal is to capture Zaragoza and hold it to reach 18 villages."

We need to ensure the plan is 2-4 lines. It can be a single string with line breaks? The instruction says "2 to 4 lines". We can use newline characters. But in JSON, we can include \n. Let's write it as a single string with periods, or with actual newlines. The example doesn't show newlines. We'll just write it as a short paragraph.

Let's make sure the plan is useful: "Zaragoza should be captured next turn. Immediately send reinforcements from Madrid to Zaragoza to hold it. Also send from other interior villages to Madrid to maintain its garrison. Continue building spearman. Watch for enemy counterattacks from Huesca or Tarragona. Do not attack Toledo yet."

That's more than 4 lines if we break. We can condense: "Zaragoza will be captured next turn. Send reinforcements from Madrid to Zaragoza and from interior to Madrid to hold. Continue building spearman. Watch for enemy counterattacks from Huesca/Tarragona. Do not attack Toledo."

Statement: "This turn I launched a strong assault on Zaragoza from Madrid, reinforced Madrid with troops from Salamanca and Burgos, and sent a follow-up from Pamplona. I built spearman in all villages to rebuild my army. Goal: capture Zaragoza and hold it to reach 18 villages."

Now, we need to output only the JSON. Let's construct it carefully.

We must use double quotes for strings. The JSON should be valid.

Let's write the JSON object.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":12,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":12,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":7,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":12,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":19,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":8,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":14,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":3,"cavaleiro":0}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [10]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [10]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [10]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [10]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [10]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [10]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [10]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [10]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [10]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [10]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [12]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [12]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [13]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [13]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [13]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [13]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [14]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [14]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [14]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [14]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [14]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [14]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [14]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [14]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [14]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [14]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [15]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [15]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [15]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [15]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO envio [12]->[17]: 12S+1A+2K
ACEITO envio [7]->[12]: 12S
ACEITO envio [19]->[17]: 8S
ACEITO envio [14]->[12]: 2S+3A
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Zaragoza should be captured next turn. Immediately send reinforcements from Madrid to Zaragoza and from interior villages to Madrid to hold the line. Continue building spearman. Watch for enemy counterattacks from Huesca or Tarragona. Do not attack Toledo yet.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): This turn I launched a strong assault on Zaragoza from Madrid, reinforced Madrid with troops from Salamanca and Burgos, and sent a follow-up force from Pamplona. I built spearman in all my villages to rebuild my army. My goal is to capture Zaragoza and hold it to reach 18 villages.
########## TURNO 22 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4503 | resposta 11356 | raciocinio 8285 | finish stop | ms 146393
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 8, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 18, \"toId\": 16, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 10}},\n    {\"fromId\": 8, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 10}},\n    {\"fromId\": 21, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 3}},\n    {\"fromId\": 22, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 4}},\n    {\"fromId\": 20, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 3}},\n    {\"fromId\": 23, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Launch a decisive double attack on Valencia and Teruel with knights to secure new territories. Simultaneously, funnel all available knights from the rear into Zaragoza to create an unbreakable defensive bulwark. Build knights and spearmen across all villages to replenish losses and maintain momentum for the next phase of the campaign.\",\n  \"statement\": \"I have ordered a simultaneous assault on Valencia and Teruel with my elite knights, while funneling every available reinforcement into Zaragoza to secure our northern front. This bold strike aims to shatter the enemy's defenses and expand our territory.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B in a strategy game. I need to analyze the current state and provide orders in a JSON format.

Let's understand the state:
- Turn 22.
- I hold 7 of 24 villages (need 18 for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate all enemy villages).
- Enemy is King A.
- My villages:
  - [22] Barcelona: 6 troops (2 spearman, 0 archer, 4 knight). Wood 30, Iron 20.
  - [21] Tarragona: 3 troops (0 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight). Wood 60, Iron 40.
  - [23] Girona: 3 troops (2 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight). Wood 60, Iron 40.
  - [18] Castellon: 10 troops (0 spearman, 0 archer, 10 knight). Wood 30, Iron 20.
  - [17] Zaragoza: 10 troops (3 spearman, 0 archer, 7 knight). Wood 30, Iron 20.
  - [20] Huesca: 3 troops (0 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight). Wood 60, Iron 40.
  - [8] Toledo: 23 troops (12 spearman, 1 archer, 10 knight). Wood 30, Iron 140.

Wait, the prompt says "TOTAL: 58 soldiers at home (19 spearman, 1 archer, 38 knight) + 0 marching". Let's sum the available troops.
Barcelona: 2 spear, 4 knight (6)
Tarragona: 3 knight (3)
Girona: 2 spear, 1 knight (3)
Castellon: 10 knight (10)
Zaragoza: 3 spear, 7 knight (10)
Huesca: 3 knight (3)
Toledo: 12 spear, 1 archer, 10 knight (23)
Total: 6+3+3+10+10+3+23 = 58. Correct.

Enemy villages I can see:
- [16] Valencia: 5 spearmen, defense 13. March from Castellon: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [13] Teruel: 2 spearmen, 2 archers, 1 knight, defense 13. March from Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. (Wait, Teruel is enemy now? "King A attacked YOUR [13] Teruel with 2 spearmen, 2 archers, 1 knight ... the village FELL. Your garrison (1 knight) was destroyed." Yes, Teruel is now enemy).
- [12] Madrid: 13 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights, defense 40. March from Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [19] Pamplona: 8 spearmen, defense 20. March from Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [11] Cordoba: 14 spearmen, 3 archers, defense 43. March from Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [4] Badajoz: 18 spearmen, 10 archers, defense 70. March from Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

Let's check the road network and distances.
Castellon to Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Zaragoza to Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Zaragoza to Pamplona: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Toledo to Teruel: wait, Toledo is [8], Teruel is [13]. Road: [8] - [13]. March from Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Toledo to Cordoba: [8] - [11]. 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Toledo to Badajoz: [8] - [4]. 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

Let's look at the campaign plan from last turn:
"Focus on the northern front to capture Valencia and Pamplona. Reinforce Castellon and Zaragoza with knights from Tarragona, Barcelona, Huesca, Girona, and Teruel. Build knights in all northern villages to maintain momentum. Next turn, attack Valencia with the gathered knights. Hold Zaragoza against the incoming enemy army."

Wait, Teruel fell. So the northern front is a bit exposed, but Castellon and Zaragoza are still mine.
Let's see the troop movements I can make.
I need to capture villages to reach 18. Currently I have 7.
Enemy has many villages. Let's count them.
Total 24. I have 7. Enemy has 17.
Enemy villages seen: [16] Valencia, [13] Teruel, [12] Madrid, [19] Pamplona, [11] Cordoba, [4] Badajoz.
Known from before: [15] Murcia, [14] Burgos, [7] Salamanca.
Unexplored: [6] Porto, [10] Vigo, [3] Coimbra, [9] Sevilha, [5] Faro, [1] Santarem, [0] Lisboa (capital), [2] Evora.
Total enemy: 6 + 3 + 8 = 17. Correct.

My plan should be to attack weak enemy villages.
Valencia has 5 spearmen, defense 13.
Teruel has 2 spearmen, 2 archers, 1 knight, defense 13.
Pamplona has 8 spearmen, defense 20.
Madrid has 13 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights, defense 40.
Cordoba has 14 spearmen, 3 archers, defense 43.
Badajoz has 18 spearmen, 10 archers, defense 70.

Valencia is the weakest. It has 5 spearmen, defense 13.
If I attack Valencia from Castellon with 10 knights:
Castellon has 10 knights. Attack power of 10 knights is 40.
Wait, combat rules:
Knight: attack 4, defense 2, speed fast.
Effective defense of Valencia is 13 (location bonus included).
If I attack with 10 knights, my attack power is 10 * 4 = 40.
Counter triangle: knight counters archer. But Valencia has only spearmen. Spearman counters knight. So I have the counter? No, spearman counters knight, so the defender has the counter against me! "spearman counters knight". If the most numerous type in Valencia is spearman (5), and in my army is knight (10), the counter is spearman vs knight, which means the defender gets the bonus? "Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5". Wait, who is "your"? "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs. Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counts spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5 (every troop in it, not only the countering type). The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
So if I attack with knights, and defender has spearmen, the defender has the counter (spearman counters knight). So the defender's force is multiplied by 1.5.
Let's calculate the effective force.
Attacker: 10 knights. Attack = 10 * 4 = 40.
Defender: 5 spearmen. Defense = 5 * 2 = 10. But effective defense is 13 (location bonus included). So defender's force is 13.
Counter: Defender has spearman (5), attacker has knight (10). Spearman counters knight. So defender gets 1.5x multiplier.
Defender effective force = 13 * 1.5 = 19.5.
Attacker effective force = 40.
Attacker wins. Loser is defender (Valencia). Defender is destroyed entirely.
Winner loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types.
Loser's effective force is 19.5. Half is 9.75.
So I lose troops worth 9.75 of my force. My force is 40. I lose about 24% of my troops.
How are they spread? "spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself."
Since I only have knights, I lose some knights. 9.75 / 4 (attack of knight) = ~2.4 knights. So I lose 2 or 3 knights.
This seems like a good attack. Valencia is weak and I can take it.

What about Teruel? It has 2 spearmen, 2 archers, 1 knight. Defense 13.
If I attack from Toledo: Toledo has 12 spearman, 1 archer, 10 knight.
If I send a mixed army, it marches at the speed of the slowest.
If I send only knights from Castellon? Castellon to Teruel: road is [18] - [13]. Castellon is [18], Teruel is [13]. Yes, they are connected.
March from Castellon to Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So 1 turn for knights.
If I send 10 knights from Castellon to Teruel:
Teruel has 2 spearmen, 2 archers, 1 knight. Defense 13.
Most numerous type in Teruel: spearman and archer tie (2 each). Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So spearman is the most numerous type.
My army: 10 knights.
Counter: spearman counts knight. Defender has counter. Defender force = 13 * 1.5 = 19.5.
My force = 40. I win, lose ~2-3 knights.
But wait, if I attack Valencia and Teruel in the same turn, I need to split my forces.
Castellon has 10 knights. I can send some to Valencia, some to Teruel.
Or I can send all to Valencia, and then next turn to Teruel.
Wait, if I take Valencia, I get a village. That's +1.
If I take Teruel, that's +1.
Let's look at the map. Valencia is [16], Teruel is [13].
If I take Valencia, I connect Castellon to Murcia [15].
If I take Teruel, I connect Castellon to Zaragoza and Toledo directly (it's already connected via roads, but it's a village).
Actually, Teruel is a border village for Castellon and Zaragoza.
Let's check the enemy's moves last turn:
"King A attacked YOUR [17] Zaragoza with 12 archers ... REPELLED"
"King A attacked YOUR [13] Teruel with 2 spearmen, 2 archers, 1 knight ... the village FELL."
So the enemy is active in the north.
I should reinforce Zaragoza. It has 10 troops. It was attacked by 12 archers and repelled, but I lost 3 troops (6 left? No, "You lost 3 troops (6 left)" - wait, the text says "YOUR [17] Zaragoza ... troops at home: 10 / 300". So it has 10 now. The "6 left" might be from a previous fight or a typo in the report. I will trust the "troops at home: 10").
Zaragoza faces Madrid [12] (defense 40), Teruel [13] (defense 13), Pamplona [19] (defense 20).
If I want to secure Zaragoza, I should send troops there.
From where? Barcelona [22] has 2 spearman, 4 knight. Tarragona [21] has 3 knight. Girona [23] has 2 spearman, 1 knight.
Roads: Barcelona [22] - Tarragona [21] - Castellon [18] - Teruel [13] - Zaragoza [17].
Wait, Tarragona [21] connects to Zaragoza [17] directly? Road: [21] Tarragona: [17], [18], [22]. Yes! Tarragona connects to Zaragoza.
So I can send troops from Tarragona to Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
From Barcelona [22] to Zaragoza [17]: [22] - [21] - [17]. 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
From Girona [23] to Zaragoza [17]: [23] - [20] - [17]. 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
From Huesca [20] to Zaragoza [17]: [20] - [17]. 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

Let's think about building troops.
Each village produces resources.
Barcelona: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 2 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron - wait, iron is 20, so cannot build knight).
Wait, "Each village you hold produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn." But the report says:
Barcelona: wood 30 (+30/turn) | iron 20 (+20/turn). This means it has 30 wood and 20 iron in stock, and produces 30 and 20 per turn.
So Barcelona has 30 wood, 20 iron. It can build:
- spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron. Can build 2 (30 wood).
- archer: 20 wood, 10 iron. Can build 1 (20 wood, 10 iron).
- knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. Cannot build (needs 30 iron, has 20).
Tarragona: wood 60, iron 40. Can build knights! 30 wood, 30 iron. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron - wait, iron is 40, so can build 1 knight, has 10 iron left).
Girona: wood 60, iron 40. Can build 1 knight.
Castellon: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 2 spearman or 1 archer.
Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 20. Can build 2 spearman or 1 archer.
Huesca: wood 60, iron 40. Can build 1 knight.
Toledo: wood 30, iron 140. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and has lots of iron. Can also build archers (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 1 archer (20 wood), or spearman (15 wood) -> 2 spearman.

Let's plan the builds.
I want to build knights because they are fast and powerful.
Tarragona: build 1 knight (costs 30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: 30 wood, 10 iron.
Girona: build 1 knight (costs 30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: 30 wood, 10 iron.
Huesca: build 1 knight (costs 30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: 30 wood, 10 iron.
Toledo: build 1 knight (costs 30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: 0 wood, 110 iron.
Barcelona: build 2 spearman (costs 30 wood). Remaining: 0 wood, 20 iron.
Castellon: build 2 spearman (costs 30 wood). Remaining: 0 wood, 20 iron.
Zaragoza: build 2 spearman (costs 30 wood). Remaining: 0 wood, 20 iron.

Wait, do I need spearman? Spearman are cheap and good for defense, but I need to attack.
Let's look at the attacks.
I want to attack Valencia [16] from Castellon [18].
Castellon has 10 knights. If I send them to Valencia, I win.
But I also want to reinforce Zaragoza.
Zaragoza has 10 troops (3 spearman, 7 knight). It was attacked last turn. It might be attacked again.
I can send knights from Tarragona, Barcelona, Huesca, Girona to Zaragoza.
Let's send:
Tarragona: 3 knights to Zaragoza.
Barcelona: 4 knights to Zaragoza.
Huesca: 3 knights to Zaragoza.
Girona: 1 knight to Zaragoza.
Wait, if I send all of them, Zaragoza will have a huge army.
But they take time to arrive.
Tarragona to Zaragoza: 1 fast turn.
Barcelona to Zaragoza: 2 fast turns (via Tarragona).
Huesca to Zaragoza: 1 fast turn.
Girona to Zaragoza: 2 fast turns (via Huesca).
If I send them now, they will arrive in 1 or 2 turns.
Meanwhile, Castellon can attack Valencia.
Let's check the march times.
Castellon to Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So knights take 1 turn.
If I order the attack on Valencia now, the knights will arrive next turn and fight.
Wait, "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now."
So if I order Castellon to attack Valencia, they march for 1 turn and fight at the start of turn 23? Or do they fight on turn 22?
"Marching takes turns, and during those turns the enemy keeps building and moving. The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival."
Usually, if march time is 1 fast turn, they arrive and fight on the next turn.
Let's check the report: "march from [18] Castellon: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". This means 1 turn for knights.
So if I order now, they arrive on turn 23 and fight.
What will Valencia's defense be on turn 23? It might have reinforcements.
"Neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type." Valencia is enemy, not neutral. But the enemy can build reinforcements.
Enemy has 5 spearmen at Valencia. They might build more.
But I should attack now before they reinforce.

Let's decide on the movements.
Attack Valencia: from Castellon [18] to Valencia [16]. Send 10 knights.
Wait, Castellon has 10 knights. If I send all 10, Castellon is left with 0. Is that safe?
Castellon faces Teruel [13] (enemy) and Valencia [16] (enemy). If I take Valencia, Castellon's border shifts. But Teruel is still enemy.
If Castellon has 0 troops, and enemy attacks Teruel, they could march to Castellon.
But Teruel has 2 spearmen, 2 archers, 1 knight. They might not attack.
To be safe, I can leave some troops or build more.
Castellon can build 2 spearman this turn. So next turn it will have 2 spearman.
But I need troops to attack Valencia. 10 knights is the max I have there.
Let's send 10 knights from Castellon to Valencia.
Reinforce Zaragoza:
Zaragoza is a key border village. It faces Madrid, Teruel, Pamplona.
I should send troops from rear villages to Zaragoza.
Tarragona [21] has 3 knights. Send all 3 to Zaragoza [17].
Barcelona [22] has 4 knights, 2 spearman. Send 4 knights to Zaragoza? Or send them to Castellon first, then to Zaragoza?
Road: Barcelona [22] - Tarragona [21] - Castellon [18] - Teruel [13] - Zaragoza [17].
Wait, Tarragona connects to Zaragoza directly: [21] Tarragona: [17], [18], [22].
So Barcelona to Zaragoza is [22] - [21] - [17]. 2 fast turns.
If I send from Barcelona to Zaragoza, they will pass through Tarragona. But Tarragona is mine, so they pass freely.
Let's send 4 knights from Barcelona [22] to Zaragoza [17].
Girona [23] has 1 knight, 2 spearman. Send 1 knight to Zaragoza? Road: [23] - [20] - [17]. 2 fast turns.
Huesca [20] has 3 knights. Send 3 knights to Zaragoza [17]. Road: [20] - [17]. 1 fast turn.
Wait, if I send all these knights to Zaragoza, Zaragoza will have 10 + 3 + 4 + 1 + 3 = 21 knights by turn 24. That's a massive army.
But I also need to attack other places.
Toledo [8] has 12 spearman, 1 archer, 10 knight.
Toledo faces Badajoz [4] (defense 70), Cordoba [11] (defense 43), Madrid [12] (defense 40), Teruel [13] (defense 13).
Teruel is weak (defense 13). I can attack Teruel from Toledo.
Toledo to Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
If I send 10 knights from Toledo to Teruel:
Teruel has 2 spearmen, 2 archers, 1 knight. Defense 13.
My 10 knights have attack 40. Defender force 13 * 1.5 = 19.5. I win.
But wait, if I attack Teruel from Toledo, and also Valencia from Castellon, that's two fronts.
Let's see if I have enough troops.
Toledo has 10 knights. I can send them to Teruel.
But Toledo also needs defense. It has 12 spearman, 1 archer. If I send the 10 knights, it has 12 spearman, 1 archer left. That's okay.
What about Cordoba and Badajoz? They are strong. I shouldn't attack them yet.
So sending Toledo's knights to Teruel is a good move.
Let's check the road: Toledo [8] to Teruel [13]. Road: [8] - [13]. Yes, 1 fast turn.

Let's review the attacks:
1. Castellon [18] -> Valencia [16]: 10 knights.
2. Toledo [8] -> Teruel [13]: 10 knights.
Reinforcements:
3. Tarragona [21] -> Zaragoza [17]: 3 knights.
4. Barcelona [22] -> Zaragoza [17]: 4 knights.
5. Huesca [20] -> Zaragoza [17]: 3 knights.
6. Girona [23] -> Zaragoza [17]: 1 knight.

Wait, if I send all these, my rear villages will be empty.
Barcelona: 0 troops left (sent 4 knights, 2 spearman? No, I only sent 4 knights. It has 2 spearman left).
Tarragona: 0 troops left.
Girona: 2 spearman left.
Huesca: 0 troops left.
Castellon: 0 troops left (sent 10 knights).
Toledo: 12 spearman, 1 archer left.
Zaragoza: will receive lots of troops.

Is it safe to leave Castellon empty? If enemy attacks Castellon, they will find 0 troops (but I build 2 spearman this turn, so next turn it has 2 spearman).
Wait, if I build 2 spearman in Castellon, they will be there next turn.
But the attack on Valencia happens next turn. The troops march this turn, arrive next turn, fight, and if they win, they stay in Valencia. So Castellon will have 0 troops until the build completes.
Actually, the build happens "ready in 1 turn". So if I order the build now, they are ready at the end of the turn or start of next turn?
"ready in 1 turn" means they are available next turn.
So next turn, Castellon will have 2 spearman (if I build them) and the knights will be in Valencia.
If the enemy attacks Castellon next turn, they will face 2 spearman.
But the enemy is King A. Where are their armies?
Last turn: King A attacked Zaragoza with 12 archers (destroyed). King A attacked Teruel with 2 spearmen, 2 archers, 1 knight (took it).
So the enemy army in the north was mostly destroyed in the Zaragoza attack, and the Teruel army took the village.
So the enemy might not have a big army left to attack Castellon immediately.
Also, the enemy has to deal with my attacks on Valencia and Teruel.

Let's calculate the resources and builds.
I need to build troops to replace the ones I send and to grow my army.
Builds:
- Barcelona [22]: build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood). Available: 2 spearman.
- Tarragona [21]: build 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Available: 1 knight.
- Girona [23]: build 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Available: 1 knight.
- Castellon [18]: build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood). Available: 2 spearman.
- Zaragoza [17]: build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood). Available: 2 spearman.
- Huesca [20]: build 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Available: 1 knight.
- Toledo [8]: build 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Available: 1 knight.

Wait, if I build 2 spearman in Castellon, I have 2 spearman to send or keep.
But I am sending all 10 knights from Castellon. So Castellon will have 2 spearman next turn.
Should I send the 2 spearman to Zaragoza to reinforce?
Road from Castellon to Zaragoza: [18] - [13] - [17]. 2 slow turns.
If I send them, they take 2 turns.
Or I can keep them in Castellon for defense.
Let's keep them in Castellon for now.

Let's check the build costs and resources.
Barcelona: wood 30, iron 20. Build 2 spearman (30 wood). OK.
Tarragona: wood 60, iron 40. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). OK.
Girona: wood 60, iron 40. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). OK.
Castellon: wood 30, iron 20. Build 2 spearman (30 wood). OK.
Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 20. Build 2 spearman (30 wood). OK.
Huesca: wood 60, iron 40. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). OK.
Toledo: wood 30, iron 140. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). OK.

Total wood used: 30 + 30 + 30 + 30 + 30 + 30 + 30 = 210.
Total iron used: 30 + 30 + 30 + 30 + 30 = 150.
My total resources:
Barcelona: 30/20
Tarragona: 60/40
Girona: 60/40
Castellon: 30/20
Zaragoza: 30/20
Huesca: 60/40
Toledo: 30/140
Total wood: 300. Total iron: 320.
Builds use 210 wood, 150 iron. This is within limits because each village pays from its own stock.
Let's verify each village's stock:
Barcelona: 30 wood -> 0 wood. 20 iron -> 20 iron. (Builds 2 spearman)
Tarragona: 60 wood -> 30 wood. 40 iron -> 10 iron. (Builds 1 knight)
Girona: 60 wood -> 30 wood. 40 iron -> 10 iron. (Builds 1 knight)
Castellon: 30 wood -> 0 wood. 20 iron -> 20 iron. (Builds 2 spearman)
Zaragoza: 30 wood -> 0 wood. 20 iron -> 20 iron. (Builds 2 spearman)
Huesca: 60 wood -> 30 wood. 40 iron -> 10 iron. (Builds 1 knight)
Toledo: 30 wood -> 0 wood. 140 iron -> 110 iron. (Builds 1 knight)
All builds are affordable.

Let's double check the movements.
I want to attack Valencia [16] from Castellon [18].
Troops: 10 knights.
Wait, Castellon has 10 knights. If I send all 10, attack power is 40.
Valencia has 5 spearmen, defense 13.
Is it a guaranteed win?
Attacker force: 40.
Defender force: 13.
Counter: Defender has spearmen (most numerous). Attacker has knights. Spearman counts knight. Defender gets 1.5x.
Defender effective force: 13 * 1.5 = 19.5.
Attacker effective force: 40.
Attacker wins.
Losses: Loser is defender. Loser effective force 19.5. Winner loses half of loser's effective force = 9.75.
Winner force is 40. Losses are spread over troop types. I only have knights. So I lose 9.75 / 4 = 2.4 knights. Round to 2 or 3 knights.
So I will have 7 or 8 knights left. They will stay in Valencia as garrison.
This is a good outcome. I take Valencia, lose ~2 knights.

Attack Teruel [13] from Toledo [8].
Troops: 10 knights.
Teruel has 2 spearmen, 2 archers, 1 knight. Defense 13.
Most numerous type: spearman and archer tie (2). Tie breaks spearman, archer, knight. So spearman is most numerous.
Counter: spearman counts knight. Defender gets 1.5x.
Defender effective force: 13 * 1.5 = 19.5.
Attacker force: 40.
Attacker wins. Losses: ~2-3 knights.
I take Teruel, lose ~2 knights.
Wait, if I attack Teruel from Toledo, and Castellon is also connected to Teruel.
If I take Teruel, it becomes mine. Then Castellon and Toledo are connected through Teruel.
But if I attack from Toledo, the troops march from Toledo to Teruel.
Is there any enemy army on the road? No.
So this is fine.

Reinforce Zaragoza [17]:
From Tarragona [21]: 3 knights. March time: 1 fast turn.
From Barcelona [22]: 4 knights. March time: 2 fast turns (via Tarragona).
From Huesca [20]: 3 knights. March time: 1 fast turn.
From Girona [23]: 1 knight. March time: 2 fast turns (via Huesca).
Total knights arriving: 3 + 4 + 3 + 1 = 11 knights.
Zaragoza already has 10 troops (3 spearman, 7 knight).
So Zaragoza will have a huge army.
Wait, if I send 4 knights from Barcelona, they march via Tarragona. Tarragona is mine, so they pass freely.
But Tarragona is also sending 3 knights. They march together? "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
But they are going to a village I already own (Zaragoza). "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements."
So they don't fight, they just join. The rule about fighting alone applies to attacks on enemy villages. For reinforcements, they just add up.
Wait, "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This is under COMBAT RULES or MOVEMENT RULES?
It's under MOVEMENT RULES: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
But then it says: "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements."
So if they are going to my own village, they join. The "fight alone" rule is for attacks on enemy villages.
So Zaragoza will get 11 knights + 3 spearman + 7 knight = 21 troops.

Let's check if I should send spearman from somewhere.
Barcelona has 2 spearman. I can send them to Zaragoza.
Road: Barcelona [22] -> Tarragona [21] -> Zaragoza [17]. 2 slow turns.
If I send them, they take 2 turns.
Castellon will have 2 spearman (after build). I can send them to Zaragoza: [18] -> [13] -> [17]. 2 slow turns.
But I want to keep some defense in Castellon.
Let's just send the knights for now. Knights are more valuable.

Let's review the plan.
Plan text: "Capture Valencia and Teruel to expand my territory. Reinforce Zaragoza heavily to defend against enemy counterattacks. Build knights in all northern villages to maintain momentum. Next turn, attack Valencia with the gathered knights. Hold Zaragoza against the incoming enemy army."
Wait, the plan should be updated.
Current plan: "Attack Valencia from Castellon and Teruel from Toledo with knights. Send all available knights from the rear to Zaragoza to create an unbreakable defense. Build knights and spearmen in all villages to replenish forces."

Let's write the JSON.
build:
- villageId: 22, type: spearman, quantity: 2
- villageId: 21, type: knight, quantity: 1
- villageId: 23, type: knight, quantity: 1
- villageId: 18, type: spearman, quantity: 2
- villageId: 17, type: spearman, quantity: 2
- villageId: 20, type: knight, quantity: 1
- villageId: 8, type: knight, quantity: 1

movements:
- fromId: 18, toId: 16, troops: { spearman: 0, archer: 0, knight: 10 }
- fromId: 8, toId: 13, troops: { spearman: 0, archer: 0, knight: 10 }
- fromId: 21, toId: 17, troops: { spearman: 0, archer: 0, knight: 3 }
- fromId: 22, toId: 17, troops: { spearman: 0, archer: 0, knight: 4 }
- fromId: 20, toId: 17, troops: { spearman: 0, archer: 0, knight: 3 }
- fromId: 23, toId: 17, troops: { spearman: 0, archer: 0, knight: 1 }

Wait, Barcelona has 4 knights. I am sending 4 knights.
Tarragona has 3 knights. I am sending 3 knights.
Huesca has 3 knights. I am sending 3 knights.
Girona has 1 knight. I am sending 1 knight.
Castellon has 10 knights. I am sending 10 knights.
Toledo has 10 knights. I am sending 10 knights.
This leaves my rear villages with 0 knights, but they are building more.
Is it okay to send all knights? Yes, because I need a decisive victory.
Let's check if I have enough troops to defend if the enemy attacks my rear villages.
Rear villages: Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Huesca.
They are interior (no enemy border). "An interior village can only be attacked after the enemy has taken one of your villages next to it, which can happen earlier in the same turn."
So the enemy cannot reach Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Huesca without going through my border villages (Castellon, Zaragoza, Toledo).
So they are safe for now.
Castellon and Toledo will have some spearman (2 each) after build.
Zaragoza will have a massive army.
So the defense is solid.

Let's double check the march times and paths.
Castellon [18] to Valencia [16]: road [18] - [16]. 1 fast turn.
Toledo [8] to Teruel [13]: road [8] - [13]. 1 fast turn.
Tarragona [21] to Zaragoza [17]: road [21] - [17]. 1 fast turn.
Barcelona [22] to Zaragoza [17]: road [22] - [21] - [17]. 2 fast turns.
Huesca [20] to Zaragoza [17]: road [20] - [17]. 1 fast turn.
Girona [23] to Zaragoza [17]: road [23] - [20] - [17]. 2 fast turns.
All paths are clear (passing through my own villages).

Wait, what about the enemy capital [0] Lisboa?
"The enemy capital is the hardest single target on the map; taking it is NOT required to win."
I don't need to take it. I just need 18 villages.
Currently I have 7. If I take Valencia and Teruel, I will have 9.
I need 9 more.
Next targets could be Pamplona [19], Cordoba [11], Madrid [12], Murcia [15], Burgos [14], Salamanca [7].
Pamplona has 8 spearmen, defense 20.
Cordoba has 14 spearmen, 3 archers, defense 43.
Madrid has 13 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights, defense 40.
Murcia was last seen with 4 spearmen, 3 archers, 1 knight.
Burgos was last seen with 10 spearmen, 3 archers.
Salamanca was last seen with 6 spearmen, 8 archers, 1 knight.
So Valencia and Teruel are the weakest visible ones.
Taking them is the right move.

Let's check the "plan" text.
"Attack Valencia from Castellon and Teruel from Toledo with knights. Send all available knights from the rear to Zaragoza to create an unbreakable defense. Build knights and spearmen in all villages to replenish forces."
This is 2 lines, concise.

Let's check the "statement" text.
"I have launched a double-pronged attack on Valencia and Teruel with my elite knights, while reinforcing Zaragoza to the hilt. My army is now poised to shatter the enemy's northern front."
This is 2 lines, fits the requirement.

Let's verify the JSON format.
{
  "build": [ {"villageId": 22, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}, ... ],
  "movements": [ {"fromId": 18, "toId": 16, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 10}}, ... ],
  "plan": "...",
  "statement": "..."
}

Let's check the village IDs.
My villages: 22, 21, 23, 18, 17, 20, 8.
Enemy villages: 16, 13, 12, 19, 11, 4.
IDs are correct.

Let's check the troop counts in movements.
Castellon to Valencia: 10 knights. Castellon has 10 knights. OK.
Toledo to Teruel: 10 knights. Toledo has 10 knights. OK.
Tarragona to Zaragoza: 3 knights. Tarragona has 3 knights. OK.
Barcelona to Zaragoza: 4 knights. Barcelona has 4 knights. OK.
Huesca to Zaragoza: 3 knights. Huesca has 3 knights. OK.
Girona to Zaragoza: 1 knight. Girona has 1 knight. OK.

Wait, Barcelona has "2 spearman, 0 archer, 4 knight". I am sending 4 knights. So 0 knights left. OK.
Tarragona has "0 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight". I am sending 3 knights. OK.
Girona has "2 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight". I am sending 1 knight. OK.
Huesca has "0 spearman, 0 archer, 3 knight". I am sending 3 knights. OK.
Castellon has "0 spearman, 0 archer, 10 knight". I am sending 10 knights. OK.
Toledo has "12 spearman, 1 archer, 10 knight". I am sending 10 knights. OK.

Everything matches perfectly.

Let's do a quick sanity check on the combat math for Valencia.
Valencia: 5 spearmen. Defense 13.
My army: 10 knights. Attack 40.
Counter: spearman counts knight. Defender has 5 spearmen, I have 10 knights. Most numerous: defender spearmen (5), attacker knight (10). Counter is spearman vs knight -> defender gets 1.5x.
Defender force = 13 * 1.5 = 19.5.
Attacker force = 40.
Attacker wins.
Losses: defender loses all 5 spearmen. Attacker loses half of defender's effective force = 9.75. Spread over knight type. 9.75 / 4 = 2.43 knights. So I lose 2 or 3 knights.
Result: Valencia is captured. I have 7 or 8 knights left as garrison.
This is a solid win.

For Teruel:
Teruel: 2 spearmen, 2 archers, 1 knight. Defense 13.
My army: 10 knights. Attack 40.
Most numerous: defender has 2 spearmen, 2 archers. Tie breaks spearman. So spearman is most numerous.
Counter: spearman counts knight. Defender gets 1.5x.
Defender force = 13 * 1.5 = 19.5.
Attacker force = 40.
Attacker wins.
Losses: defender loses all. Attacker loses ~2-3 knights.
Result: Teruel is captured. I have 7 or 8 knights left as garrison.
This is also a solid win.

What about Zaragoza defense?
Zaragoza currently has 3 spearman, 7 knight. Effective defense 25.
Reinforcements arriving: 11 knights.
Total defense will be much higher.
If enemy attacks, they will face a huge army.
Even if they attack with a big army, they will likely be repelled.
The plan is sound.

Let's write the final JSON.
I will use the exact field names.
"build", "movements", "plan", "statement".
No extra text.

One detail: "from here to your nearest border village [18] Castellon: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" - this is for Barcelona. But I am sending from Barcelona to Zaragoza, which is 2 fast turns.
The march times in the report are for the road network.
Barcelona [22] to Zaragoza [17]: [22] - [21] - [17].
[21] Tarragona is 1 fast turn from [22] Barcelona? "march from [18] Castellon: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Tarragona. Wait, the report says:
"[21] Tarragona ... march from [18] Castellon: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
"[22] Barcelona ... from here to your nearest border village [18] Castellon: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
So Barcelona to Castellon is 2 fast turns.
Castellon to Zaragoza is [18] - [13] - [17]. 2 fast turns?
Wait, the report says:
"[17] Zaragoza ... from here to your nearest border village [20] Huesca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
"[18] Castellon ... from here to your nearest border village [18] Castellon: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" (for Barcelona).
Actually, the road network is:
[21] Tarragona: [17], [18], [22].
So Tarragona to Zaragoza is direct: [21] - [17]. 1 fast turn.
Barcelona to Zaragoza is [22] - [21] - [17]. 2 fast turns.
This matches my previous calculation.

Everything seems correct. I will output the JSON.

ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"cavaleiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":18,"destinoId":16,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":10}},{"origemId":8,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":10}},{"origemId":21,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":3}},{"origemId":22,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":4}},{"origemId":20,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":3}},{"origemId":23,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [20]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [8]
ACEITO envio [18]->[16]: 10K
ACEITO envio [8]->[13]: 10K
ACEITO envio [21]->[17]: 3K
ACEITO envio [22]->[17]: 4K
ACEITO envio [20]->[17]: 3K
ACEITO envio [23]->[17]: 1K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Launch a decisive double attack on Valencia and Teruel with knights to secure new territories. Simultaneously, funnel all available knights from the rear into Zaragoza to create an unbreakable defensive bulwark. Build knights and spearmen across all villages to replenish losses and maintain momentum for the next phase of the campaign.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): I have ordered a simultaneous assault on Valencia and Teruel with my elite knights, while funneling every available reinforcement into Zaragoza to secure our northern front. This bold strike aims to shatter the enemy's defenses and expand our territory.
COMBATE [17] Zaragoza: atacante A Fatk=24 (ef 24) Fdef=18 (ef 34) vant=-1 -> vence defensor | baixas~6
COMBATE [13] Teruel: atacante A Fatk=10 (ef 15) Fdef=2 (ef 3) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~1
REFORCO [16] Valencia dono A: 2S
REFORCO [18] Castellon dono B: 4K
REFORCO [21] Tarragona dono B: 2K
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono B: 4K
REFORCO [20] Huesca dono B: 2K
REFORCO [18] Castellon dono B: 2K
placar: A 17 ald/tropas 135 | B 7 ald/tropas 27 | neutras 0 | transito 10 (A 4 | B 6)

########## TURNO 23 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3680 | resposta 13357 | raciocinio 13357 | finish content_filter | ms 205524
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: We are King A. We need to analyze the state of the game.

Current state:
- We hold 16 villages, need 18 for 2 consecutive turns to win (or eliminate all enemy villages). We need to expand.
- Enemy capital is Barcelona (22), unknown garrison. Other enemy villages: Toledo (8), Teruel (13), Valencia (16), Huesca (20), Tarragona (21), Castellon (18) (last seen 22: 10 knights).
- Enemy seems to have been attacking and conquering some of our border villages? Actually, the log says "King B attacked [16] Valencia: VICTORY, conquered" and "King B attacked [13] Teruel: VICTORY, conquered". But [16] and [13] are listed as ENEMY (King B). So they were already enemy? The log says they were conquered by King B. So they were previously ours or neutral? But now they are enemy. We lost them.
- We have 16 villages, we need to get to 18. We need to conquer enemy villages.
- Our available troops and resources: we have many spearman, some archer, few knights. We can build more.
- Enemy villages we can see: Toledo (8) with 12 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight, defense 35. Teruel (13) with 6 knights, defense 15. Valencia (16) with 6 knights, defense 15. Huesca (20) with 1 knight, defense 3. Tarragona (21) with 1 knight, defense 3.
- We have armies marching: 8 spearmen from [19] Pamplona to [17] Zaragoza, arriving in 1 turn. So they will arrive next turn.
- Our note from last turn: "Zaragoza should be captured next turn. Immediately send reinforcements from Madrid to Zaragoza and from interior villages to Madrid to hold the line. Continue building spearman. Watch for enemy counterattacks from Huesca or Tarragona. Do not attack Toledo yet."

We need to decide on builds and movements.

Let's look at the map:
Our villages: 0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7,9,10,11,12,14,15,17,19. (16 total)
Enemy villages: 8,13,16,18,20,21,22 (7 total, but 18 is last seen, might be enemy still). Plus maybe some unexplored? 22,23 unexplored.

We need to conquer 2 enemy villages to reach 18. But we also need to hold them for 2 consecutive turns. So we need to attack and defend.

The enemy has been attacking our border villages? The log says King B attacked [16] Valencia, [13] Teruel, [17] Zaragoza multiple times. But [17] Zaragoza is ours, and we successfully defended (we conquered it last turn? The log says "You attacked [17] Zaragoza: VICTORY, conquered" and "King B attacked [17] Zaragoza: DEFEAT" multiple times). So we are holding Zaragoza.

Now we need to plan. The note says to send reinforcements from Madrid to Zaragoza and from interior to Madrid. But we need to check if we have troops to send.

Let's check available troops at each village:
[0] Lisboa: 14s, 12a, 1k
[1] Santarem: 14s, 5a, 1k
[2] Evora: 22s, 6a, 0k
[3] Coimbra: 12s, 3a, 0k
[4] Badajoz: 20s, 10a, 0k
[5] Faro: 20s, 3a, 0k
[6] Porto: 13s, 6a, 0k
[7] Salamanca: 6s, 0a, 2k
[10] Vigo: 12s, 3a, 0k
[9] Sevilha: 10s, 0a, 0k
[11] Cordoba: 16s, 3a, 0k
[12] Madrid: 17s, 3a, 0k
[14] Burgos: 10s, 0a, 0k
[17] Zaragoza: 3s, 1a, 1k (5 total at home, but we have 8 marching in)
[15] Murcia: 4s, 0a, 0k
[19] Pamplona: 2s, 0a, 0k (8 marching out)

We need to reinforce Zaragoza because it's a border village and enemy might attack again. Also we need to consider attacking enemy villages to expand.

Possible targets:
- Huesca (20): 1 knight, defense 3. Easy to conquer. It's connected to Zaragoza (17) and Pamplona (19). From Zaragoza, march time: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn. So we can send troops from Zaragoza or Pamplona.
- Tarragona (21): 1 knight, defense 3. Connected to Zaragoza (17) and Castellon (18) and Barcelona (22). From Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.
- Teruel (13): 6 knights, defense 15. Connected to Toledo (8), Valencia (16), Zaragoza (17), Castellon (18). From Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- Valencia (16): 6 knights, defense 15. Connected to Teruel (13), Murcia (15), Castellon (18). From Murcia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.
- Toledo (8): 12s, 1a, 1k, defense 35. Connected to Badajoz (4), Cordoba (11), Madrid (12), Teruel (13). From Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn. From Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn? Actually road network: [8] Toledo: [4], [11], [12], [13]. So from Badajoz (4) and Madrid (12) both 1 turn? The report says "march from [4] Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So it's close. But Toledo has a decent garrison.

We need to decide which to attack. The note says "Do not attack Toledo yet." So maybe we should attack Huesca or Tarragona first.

But we also need to consider the enemy capital Barcelona. It's not required to win, but it might be heavily defended.

We need to hold 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns. If we conquer Huesca and Tarragona, we would have 18. But we need to hold them. The enemy might counterattack.

Let's think about troop movements. We have 8 spearmen marching from Pamplona to Zaragoza, arriving next turn. They will join Zaragoza's garrison. So Zaragoza will have more troops.

We can send troops from Zaragoza to attack Huesca or Tarragona. But if we send all troops, Zaragoza might be left weak. We can also send from Pamplona, but Pamplona has only 2 spearman.

We can build more troops. We need to check resources. Each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. We have many villages, so we can build.

Let's calculate resources for builds:
- Spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron. We can build many.
- Archer: 20 wood, 10 iron.
- Knight: 30 wood, 30 iron.

We should build spearman because they are cheap and we have many. We can also build some archers or knights if needed.

But we need to decide on a strategy. The note says to send reinforcements from Madrid to Zaragoza and from interior to Madrid. But we need to check if Madrid has enough troops to send. Madrid has 17s, 3a, 0k. If we send them, Madrid will be empty. But Madrid is a border village with enemy Toledo. If we empty Madrid, enemy might attack it. However, the enemy might be focused on other areas.

We can also send from other interior villages to Madrid to reinforce it. For example, from Burgos (14) which has 10s, or from Salamanca (7) which has 6s, 2k, or from Porto (6) etc.

But we need to be careful: the enemy is King B. They have been attacking our villages. They might attack Madrid or Badajoz or Cordoba.

Let's look at the enemy's possible moves. They have villages: Toledo, Teruel, Valencia, Huesca, Tarragona, Castellon, Barcelona. They might attack our border villages: Badajoz (4) from Toledo (8)? Actually Badajoz is connected to Toledo. Cordoba (11) is connected to Toledo. Madrid (12) is connected to Toledo. Zaragoza (17) is connected to Teruel, Huesca, Tarragona. Murcia (15) is connected to Valencia. Pamplona (19) is connected to Huesca.

So our border villages are: Badajoz, Cordoba, Madrid, Zaragoza, Murcia, Pamplona. Some of them are interior? The report says: Badajoz is BORDER with [8] (enemy). Cordoba is BORDER with [8]. Madrid is BORDER with [8]. Zaragoza is BORDER with [13], [20] +1 (enemy). Murcia is BORDER with [16]. Pamplona is BORDER with [20].

So we have many border villages. We need to defend them.

The enemy has been attacking Zaragoza multiple times and failing. They might try other borders.

We need to decide on builds and movements for this turn.

Let's consider the plan:
- We want to conquer Huesca (20) and Tarragona (21) to reach 18 villages. They are weak (1 knight each, defense 3). We can attack them from Zaragoza.
- But we need to hold Zaragoza. So we should send reinforcements to Zaragoza first.
- We can send troops from Madrid to Zaragoza. Madrid is close: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn? Actually from Madrid to Zaragoza: road network: [12] Madrid: [7], [8], [14], [17]. So Madrid connects to Zaragoza directly? Yes, [17] Zaragoza: [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]. So Madrid to Zaragoza is 1 turn? The report doesn't give march time from Madrid to Zaragoza, but it says from Madrid to nearest border village [12] Madrid is itself. Actually we need to check: from [12] Madrid to [17] Zaragoza: they are connected directly. The speed: we don't know the distance, but it's likely 1 turn for fast, maybe 2 for slow? The report says from Zaragoza to Madrid? Not given. But we can infer from the fact that from Madrid to Badajoz is 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast? Actually the report says from [0] Lisboa to [4] Badajoz: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So distances vary. We need to check the road network: Madrid to Zaragoza is a direct road. We can assume it's similar to other 1-turn marches? But we should be careful. The report gives march times from some villages. For example, from [17] Zaragoza to [20] Huesca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So Zaragoza to Huesca is 1 turn. From [17] Zaragoza to [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So distances are not all 1 turn.

We need to know the march time from Madrid to Zaragoza. It's not explicitly stated, but we can look at the road network: Madrid [12] connects to [7], [8], [14], [17]. Zaragoza [17] connects to [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]. So they are directly connected. The distance is likely 1 turn for fast, maybe 2 for slow? But we can't be sure. However, we can send troops from other villages too.

We also have 8 spearmen marching from Pamplona to Zaragoza, arriving next turn. So Zaragoza will get +8 spearman.

We can send troops from Zaragoza to Huesca or Tarragona. But if we send all, Zaragoza might be weak. We can send some from Zaragoza and some from Pamplona? But Pamplona has only 2 spearman.

We can also build troops in Zaragoza to reinforce it. Zaragoza has 5 troops at home, but we can build more. It has wood 30, iron 40. It can build spearman (15 wood) or archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or knight (30 wood, 30 iron). It has 30 wood, so it can build 2 spearman (30 wood) but iron is 40, so it can also build archers. But we need to decide.

Let's think about the enemy's next move. They might attack Zaragoza again. They have been sending multiple attacks. They might have accumulated troops somewhere. We don't see enemy armies on the march. So they might be building up.

We need to strengthen Zaragoza. We can send reinforcements from nearby villages: Madrid, Burgos, Salamanca? But Burgos and Salamanca are interior. Madrid is border but close.

We can send from Madrid: 17s, 3a, 0k. If we send them to Zaragoza, Madrid will be empty. But Madrid is connected to Toledo (enemy). If Toledo attacks Madrid, they might conquer it. Toledo has 12s, 1a, 1k, defense 35. If we leave Madrid empty, it could fall. So we should leave some troops in Madrid or reinforce it from elsewhere.

We can send from interior villages to Madrid: for example, from Burgos (14) which has 10s, or from Salamanca (7) which has 6s, 2k, or from Porto (6) etc. But they take time to arrive.

We need to plan movements and builds.

Let's list our available actions:

Builds:
We can build troops in our villages. We should build spearman because they are cheap and effective against knights (counter). But we also need archers if enemy has many spearman? Actually enemy has spearman in Toledo, but also knights in Teruel, Valencia, etc. Spearman counters knight. So building spearman is good.

We can build in multiple villages. Each village can build up to its cap (300 troops). We have many villages with low troop counts, so we can build.

We should build in our border villages to quickly reinforce them. For example, build in Zaragoza, Madrid, Badajoz, Cordoba, Murcia, Pamplona.

But we also need to consider resources. Each village has its own resources. We need to check if they can afford builds.

Let's check resources for each village:
[0] Lisboa: wood 30, iron 250. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). But it's interior, not urgent.
[1] Santarem: wood 30, iron 270. Can build 2 spearman.
[2] Evora: wood 30, iron 330. Can build 2 spearman.
[3] Coimbra: wood 30, iron 300. Can build 2 spearman.
[4] Badajoz: wood 40, iron 240. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). It has 40 wood, so can build 2 spearman (30) or 1 spearman + 1 archer? Actually 15+20=35 wood, so yes. Or 1 knight (30 wood). It's border with Toledo.
[5] Faro: wood 30, iron 300. Can build 2 spearman.
[6] Porto: wood 30, iron 250. Can build 2 spearman.
[7] Salamanca: wood 30, iron 150. Can build 2 spearman.
[10] Vigo: wood 30, iron 220. Can build 2 spearman.
[9] Sevilha: wood 30, iron 220. Can build 2 spearman.
[11] Cordoba: wood 30, iron 160. Can build 2 spearman.
[12] Madrid: wood 40, iron 130. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Border with Toledo.
[14] Burgos: wood 30, iron 140. Can build 2 spearman.
[17] Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 40. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Border with multiple.
[15] Murcia: wood 30, iron 120. Can build 2 spearman.
[19] Pamplona: wood 30, iron 120. Can build 2 spearman.

We should build spearman in border villages to have quick reinforcements. But we also need to consider that building takes 1 turn, so they will be ready next turn.

Movements:
We need to send reinforcements to Zaragoza. The note says from Madrid to Zaragoza and from interior to Madrid. But we need to decide exactly.

We have 8 spearmen arriving at Zaragoza from Pamplona next turn. So Zaragoza will have 5+8=13 spearman? Actually Zaragoza has 3s, 1a, 1k at home. The 8 spearmen are marching. So after arrival, Zaragoza will have 11s, 1a, 1k? Wait: 3s + 8s = 11s, plus 1a, 1k. Total 13 troops. But the report says "troops at home: 5 / 300" for Zaragoza. The marching 8 are not at home yet. So after arrival, home will be 13.

We can send more from other villages. For example, from Madrid: send some spearman. But if we send all 17s, Madrid will be empty. We should leave some for defense. Maybe send 10s from Madrid to Zaragoza? But we need to consider march time. If we send from Madrid to Zaragoza, they will arrive in some turns. We need to know the time. It's not given, but we can estimate. Since Madrid and Zaragoza are connected directly, and from Zaragoza to Huesca is 1 turn, maybe Madrid to Zaragoza is also 1 turn? Or maybe longer. We can look at other distances: from [4] Badajoz to [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So Badajoz to Toledo is 1 turn. Madrid to Toledo is also 1 turn? Actually Madrid is connected to Toledo. So Madrid to Zaragoza might be similar. But we can't be sure. We can send troops and they will arrive in time.

We also need to consider that the enemy might attack Madrid. If we empty Madrid, it might fall. So we should reinforce Madrid from interior. For example, from Burgos (14) which has 10s, we can send to Madrid. Burgos to Madrid: road network: [14] Burgos: [10], [12], [19]. So Burgos connects directly to Madrid. March time? Not given, but likely 1 turn? Actually from Burgos to Madrid: we can check from [14] Burgos to [12] Madrid: it's a direct road. The report says from [14] Burgos to nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So it's 1 turn! So we can send from Burgos to Madrid quickly.

Similarly, from Salamanca (7) to Madrid: [7] Salamanca: [3], [4], [6], [12]. So Salamanca to Madrid is direct. The report says from [7] Salamanca to nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So also 1 turn.

So we can easily send reinforcements from interior to Madrid.

Now, what about attacking? We want to conquer Huesca and Tarragona. They are weak. We can attack them from Zaragoza. But we need to have enough troops to take them and hold them.

Let's calculate the battle for Huesca (20):
Enemy garrison: 1 knight, defense 3 (effective defense including location bonus). So they have 1 knight with defense 3? Actually effective defense is 3. That's very low. We can attack with any force. But we need to consider that the enemy might reinforce. However, we can send a small force.

But we need to consider that we are attacking from Zaragoza. Zaragoza to Huesca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So if we send troops from Zaragoza, they will arrive in 1 turn (if fast) or 2 (if slow). We can send spearman (slow) so they take 2 turns? Actually "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means if we send slow troops, it takes 1 turn? Wait, the notation: "march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns". That means if you send slow troops, it takes 5 turns; medium takes 3; fast takes 2. So for Huesca: "march from [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means it takes 1 turn regardless of speed? That seems odd. Maybe it's 1 turn for all? Actually it says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" which might mean it takes 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast. So it's a 1-turn march for any speed. That would mean the distance is very short. But then why specify different speeds? Possibly it's a typo or it means the number of turns is the same for all speeds because the distance is short. We'll assume it takes 1 turn for any troops.

So we can send troops from Zaragoza to Huesca and they will arrive next turn? Actually if we order now, they march and arrive in 1 turn, so on turn 24 they arrive. But we need to consider that the enemy might also move.

We can also send from Pamplona to Huesca? Pamplona to Huesca: road network: [19] Pamplona: [14], [17], [20]. So Pamplona connects to Huesca directly? Yes, [20] Huesca: [17], [19], [23]. So from Pamplona to Huesca is direct. March time not given, but likely 1 turn as well.

But we have only 2 spearman in Pamplona. We can build more in Pamplona.

We need to decide on a comprehensive plan.

Goal: Reach 18 villages and hold them for 2 turns. We need to conquer 2 villages. Huesca and Tarragona are the easiest. But we also need to defend them from enemy counterattacks. The enemy might try to retake them. So we need to send enough troops to hold them.

We can attack Huesca with a small force, but then we need to leave a garrison. We can send troops from Zaragoza to Huesca, and then from interior to Zaragoza to replenish.

Alternatively, we could attack Teruel or Valencia, but they have 6 knights each, defense 15. That's harder. We could attack Toledo, but it has 35 defense and many troops. The note says not to attack Toledo yet.

So let's focus on Huesca and Tarragona.

We need to check if we have enough troops to take them. For Huesca: defense 3. We can send 1 knight? But we have few knights. We can send spearman. Spearman attack is 1, but against knight, they get counter? Actually counter triangle: spearman counters knight. So if we attack with spearman against knight, we get a bonus. But the enemy has 1 knight. The effective defense is 3. We need to calculate the battle.

Combat rules: When attacking, our troops count their ATTACK; defender counts DEFENSE. Counter triangle: if our most numerous type counters the enemy's most numerous type, we multiply our force by 1.5. The enemy has 1 knight, so their most numerous is knight. If we attack with spearman, spearman counters knight, so we get 1.5x. Our attack power: each spearman has attack 1. If we send, say, 10 spearman, attack = 10 * 1.5 = 15. Enemy defense = 3. We win easily. Losses: we take losses equal to enemy effective force? Actually "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So our losses will be proportional to enemy defense? Actually it says: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER. The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So if we win, we still lose some troops based on the enemy's effective force. Since enemy defense is 3, we might lose a few troops. But we can send enough to minimize losses.

For Tarragona: same, 1 knight, defense 3.

So we can send a small force to take each. But we need to consider that after taking them, we need to hold them. The enemy might counterattack. They might send troops from Barcelona or other villages. So we should send enough to defend.

We can send, say, 10 spearman to Huesca and 10 to Tarragona. But we need to have those troops available.

Let's check our available troops at Zaragoza: currently 3s, 1a, 1k. Plus 8s arriving next turn. So next turn Zaragoza will have 11s, 1a, 1k. We can send some of them to attack. But if we send them, Zaragoza will be left with few. We can also build in Zaragoza this turn to have more next turn.

We can build 2 spearman in Zaragoza (cost 30 wood, iron 40). So next turn, Zaragoza will have 13s, 1a, 1k (if we build 2s) plus the 8s arriving? Actually the 8s are already marching, they will arrive next turn. So total at Zaragoza next turn: home troops (after build) + arriving. Currently home: 3s,1a,1k. We build 2s -> home becomes 5s,1a,1k. Then 8s arrive -> total 13s,1a,1k. So we will have 15 troops there next turn.

We can send, say, 10s from Zaragoza to Huesca. They will arrive in 1 turn (so on turn 25 they arrive? Actually if we order on turn 23, they march on turn 23 and arrive on turn 24? The report says "march from [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So if we send slow troops (spearman), it takes 1 turn. So they would arrive on turn 24. But we need to consider that the enemy also moves on turn 24. So the battle happens on turn 24? Actually the orders are simultaneous. So if we order an attack on Huesca, the enemy might also order something. They might send reinforcements to Huesca or attack elsewhere.

We need to be careful. The enemy might have troops in nearby villages that could reinforce Huesca. Huesca is connected to Zaragoza (ours), Pamplona (ours), and Girona (23, unexplored). So the enemy could send from Barcelona or Girona? But we don't know if they have troops there. The enemy capital is Barcelona, which is connected to Tarragona (21) and Girona (23). So they could send from Barcelona to Tarragona or Huesca via Girona? Actually Girona connects to Huesca and Barcelona. So if they have troops in Barcelona, they could send to Huesca via Girona. But we don't know the garrison of Barcelona.

We should also consider that the enemy might attack our villages. They have been attacking Zaragoza multiple times. They might try again. Or they might attack Madrid or Badajoz.

We need to defend our borders. We can reinforce Madrid and Badajoz.

Let's think about the overall strategy. We need to get to 18 villages. We currently have 16. If we conquer Huesca and Tarragona, we have 18. But we need to hold them for 2 consecutive turns. So we need to conquer them and then defend them for the next turn. That means we need to have enough troops to hold them against enemy counterattacks.

We can try to conquer them and then use the next turn to reinforce.

But we also need to consider that the enemy might conquer one of our villages. If we lose one, we go back to 15. So we need to defend as well.

Let's list our border villages and their defenses:
- Badajoz: defense 75, 30 troops. Strong.
- Cordoba: defense 48, 19 troops. Moderate.
- Madrid: defense 50, 20 troops. Moderate.
- Zaragoza: defense 13, 5 troops (but 8 arriving). Weak currently, but will be stronger.
- Murcia: defense 10, 4 troops. Weak.
- Pamplona: defense 5, 2 troops (8 marching out). Very weak.

So Murcia and Pamplona are very weak. The enemy could attack them. Murcia is connected to Valencia (enemy) and Cordoba (ours). Valencia has 6 knights. If they attack Murcia, they could conquer it. Pamplona is connected to Huesca (enemy) and Zaragoza (ours) and Burgos (ours). Huesca has 1 knight. They could attack Pamplona.

We need to reinforce these weak border villages. We can send troops from interior to Murcia and Pamplona.

For Murcia: we can send from Cordoba (11) which has 16s, 3a. Cordoba to Murcia: road network: [11] Cordoba: [8], [9], [15]. [15] Murcia: [11], [16]. So Cordoba to Murcia is direct. March time? Not given, but likely 1 or 2 turns. We can send some spearman from Cordoba to Murcia.

For Pamplona: we can send from Burgos (14) which has 10s, or from Zaragoza. But Zaragoza is also weak. We can send from Burgos to Pamplona: [14] Burgos: [10], [12], [19]. So Burgos to Pamplona is direct? Actually [19] Pamplona: [14], [17], [20]. So yes, Burgos connects to Pamplona. March time? Not given, but likely 1 turn? From Burgos to Madrid is 1 turn, so to Pamplona might be similar.

We also need to consider that we have 8 spearmen marching from Pamplona to Zaragoza. That will leave Pamplona with only 2 spearman. So Pamplona will be very weak. We should send reinforcements to Pamplona from somewhere, or cancel that march? But we already ordered it last turn, so it's happening. We can send from Burgos to Pamplona.

Now, let's decide on builds and movements for this turn.

We need to write a JSON with build and movements.

Builds: We should build spearman in as many villages as possible, especially border villages. We can build 2 spearman in each village that has 30 wood. But we need to consider that some villages have other troops. We can build in:
- Zaragoza: build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood, iron 40). Zaragoza has 30 wood, 40 iron. So it can build 2 spearman.
- Madrid: build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood, iron 130). Madrid has 40 wood, so it can build 2 spearman (30 wood) and have 10 wood left.
- Badajoz: build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood, iron 240). Badajoz has 40 wood, so can build 2.
- Cordoba: build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood, iron 160). Cordoba has 30 wood, so can build 2.
- Murcia: build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood, iron 120). Murcia has 30 wood, so can build 2.
- Pamplona: build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood, iron 120). Pamplona has 30 wood, so can build 2.
- Other interior villages can also build, but they are less urgent.

We should also consider building archers or knights if needed. But spearman are versatile and cheap.

Now movements:
We need to send reinforcements to Zaragoza. The note says from Madrid to Zaragoza. But we need to decide how many. Madrid has 17s, 3a. We can send, say, 10s to Zaragoza, leaving 7s in Madrid. But we also need to reinforce Madrid. We can send from Burgos to Madrid. Burgos has 10s. We can send all 10s from Burgos to Madrid. That will reinforce Madrid. Then Madrid will have 7s (remaining) + 10s (from Burgos) = 17s? Actually if we send 10s from Madrid to Zaragoza, Madrid will have 7s left. Then if we send 10s from Burgos to Madrid, Madrid will have 17s. But the 10s from Burgos will take time to arrive. They might not arrive this turn. They will arrive in some turns. So Madrid might be weak for a turn.

We can also send from Salamanca (7) to Madrid. Salamanca has 6s, 2k. We can send some.

We need to consider the enemy's possible attack on Madrid. If they attack Madrid this turn, the battle will happen on arrival. If we send troops from Burgos, they might not arrive in time if the enemy attacks immediately. But the enemy's orders are simultaneous with ours. So if they order an attack on Madrid, it will happen at the same time as our reinforcements arriving? Actually, if we send from Burgos to Madrid, they march and arrive in, say, 1 turn. If the enemy attacks Madrid from Toledo, they also march and arrive in 1 turn. So the battle would happen on turn 24 with whatever forces are in Madrid at that time. Our reinforcements from Burgos would arrive on turn 24 as well? Actually, if we order the march on turn 23, they start marching and arrive on turn 24. The enemy also orders on turn 23 and arrives on turn 24. So they would meet at Madrid on turn 24. But the rules say: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if we send from Burgos and the enemy sends from Toledo, they would fight separately? Actually, the rule says: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." That means if we send multiple columns to the same village, they fight separately. But if we send from Burgos to Madrid, they are reinforcing Madrid. The enemy attacks Madrid. The battle is between the enemy attackers and the Madrid garrison. Our reinforcements from Burgos are arriving at Madrid. Do they join the battle? The rule says: "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So they join the garrison. But if the enemy arrives at the same time, do they fight before or after joining? The rule: "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there... Your own armies never fight each other: they pass freely." But for a village, if an enemy army arrives to attack, and our reinforcements arrive at the same time, what happens? The rule doesn't explicitly say. Typically, the garrison is the defenders. If reinforcements arrive during the battle, they might join. But the rule "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up" might apply to attacking forces. For defense, the garrison is already there. I think the reinforcements would add to the garrison before the battle? But the timing is simultaneous. We need to be careful.

Actually, the rule says: "The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival." So the defense we see is for the current turn. When we send reinforcements, they will arrive on a future turn, and the defense on that turn will be different. So if we send reinforcements to Madrid, they will arrive on turn 24, and the defense on turn 24 will include them. If the enemy attacks on turn 24, they will face the updated defense.

But the enemy's attack also arrives on turn 24. So the battle is on turn 24. The garrison on turn 24 includes our reinforcements if they arrive on turn 24. But do they arrive before the battle? The rules: "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." So both sides plan based on turn 23 state. Then on turn 24, all movements happen. So if we send reinforcements from Burgos to Madrid, they will arrive at Madrid on turn 24. If the enemy sends an attack on Madrid, they will arrive at Madrid on turn 24. The battle happens when they meet. Since both arrive at the same time, the reinforcements should be there to defend. But the rule "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up" might mean that if we send from multiple villages to the same enemy village, they fight separately. But for reinforcing our own village, they should add up. The rule says: "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So they join the garrison. So they will be part of the defense.

So we can send reinforcements and they will help defend.

Now, we need to decide on the exact movements.

Let's prioritize:
1. Reinforce Zaragoza: We have 8s arriving from Pamplona. We can also send from Madrid. Let's send 10s from Madrid to Zaragoza. Madrid currently has 17s, 3a. After sending 10s, Madrid will have 7s, 3a. But we need to reinforce Madrid too. We can send from Burgos: 10s from Burgos to Madrid. Burgos has 10s. So send all 10s. Then Burgos will be empty, but it's interior, less risky. We can also send from Salamanca: 6s, 2k to Madrid? But Salamanca is also interior. We can send some.

2. Reinforce Pamplona: Pamplona is left with 2s after sending 8s. We should send reinforcements to Pamplona. We can send from Burgos? But we already sent Burgos to Madrid. We can send from Zaragoza? But Zaragoza is weak. We can send from somewhere else. Maybe we can build in Pamplona (2s) and also send from interior. We can send from Vigo (10) or Porto (6) but they are far. We can send from Burgos to Pamplona instead of to Madrid? But Madrid is also important. Let's think: Pamplona is border with Huesca (enemy). If we don't reinforce, enemy might attack and take it. But if we send from Burgos to Pamplona, they will arrive in some turns. We can send 10s from Burgos to Pamplona. Then Pamplona will have 2s + 10s = 12s. That's decent. But then Madrid won't get reinforcements. Madrid is border with Toledo, which has a decent garrison. If enemy attacks Madrid, they might take it. We need to weigh.

We can also send from Salamanca to Madrid, and from Burgos to Pamplona. Salamanca has 6s, 2k. We can send all 6s to Madrid. Then Madrid will have 7s (remaining) + 6s = 13s. That's okay. Burgos to Pamplona: 10s. Then Pamplona will have 2s + 10s = 12s. But we need to check march times. From Salamanca to Madrid: 1 turn (as per report). From Burgos to Pamplona: likely 1 turn? The report says from Burgos to Madrid is 1 turn. Burgos to Pamplona is also direct? [14] Burgos connects to [19] Pamplona. So it's a direct road. The distance might be similar. So likely 1 turn.

But we also have other interior villages we can send from: Porto (6) has 13s, 6a. We can send some to Madrid or Pamplona? But they are farther.

We need to consider that we also want to attack Huesca and Tarragona. We can send from Zaragoza to Huesca and Tarragona. But if we send from Zaragoza, we need to leave enough to defend Zaragoza. The enemy has been attacking Zaragoza. They might attack again. So we should leave a good garrison.

Let's plan the attacks:
- Attack Huesca (20): send from Zaragoza, say, 8s. They will arrive in 1 turn. Huesca has 1 knight, defense 3. 8s should be enough to take it with few losses.
- Attack Tarragona (21): send from Zaragoza, say, 8s. But we only have limited troops in Zaragoza. We can send from Pamplona? Pamplona has 2s, but we can build more. Or we can send from somewhere else.

We can also attack from other villages. For Tarragona, it's connected to Zaragoza and Castellon and Barcelona. We could send from Zaragoza. For Huesca, from Zaragoza or Pamplona.

We need to have enough troops in Zaragoza to send to both. If we send 8s to each, that's 16s. Zaragoza will have 13s next turn (after build and arrivals). So we can't send 16s. We can send fewer. Maybe send 5s to each? That might be enough. Let's calculate: 5s attack vs 1 knight defense 3. Spearman attack 1 each, total 5. Counter: spearman vs knight, so 5 * 1.5 = 7.5 effective attack. Enemy defense 3. We win. Losses: we take losses equal to enemy effective force? Actually the rule: "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." So our losses will be based on the enemy's effective force. The enemy's effective force is their defense? Actually, when attacking, the defender's effective force is their defense (with location bonus). So enemy effective force is 3. We lose some troops. Probably a few spearman. So 5s might be enough, but we might lose 1 or 2. We can send more to reduce losses, but we need to conserve troops.

We can also send archers or knights. But we have few knights.

We can build more troops in Zaragoza. We already planned to build 2s. We can also build in other villages and send them to Zaragoza.

Let's think about the overall troop balance. We have 255 soldiers at home. We can build more. We need to expand and defend.

Maybe we should focus on one target at a time. Conquer Huesca first, then Tarragona. Or conquer both simultaneously.

We also need to consider that the enemy might reinforce Huesca from Barcelona or Girona. We don't know. But we can scout? We can't.

Another idea: We can attack Teruel or Valencia to weaken the enemy, but they are stronger.

Let's look at the enemy's recent actions: They attacked Zaragoza multiple times and failed. They conquered Teruel and Valencia? Wait, the log says "King B attacked [16] Valencia: VICTORY, conquered" and "King B attacked [13] Teruel: VICTORY, conquered". But those villages are now listed as ENEMY. So they were previously ours or neutral? Actually, the report says "[16] Valencia | ENEMY (King B)" and "[13] Teruel | ENEMY (King B)". So they are enemy villages. The log says they were conquered by King B. That means they were previously not King B's? They might have been neutral or ours. But now they are King B's. So King B is expanding. We need to stop them.

But our immediate goal is to get 18 villages. We have 16. We need 2 more. Huesca and Tarragona are the weakest. Let's go for them.

We need to ensure we can hold them. After conquering, we need to leave a garrison. We can send troops from interior to the new conquests.

Let's design a plan for this turn (turn 23):

Builds:
- Zaragoza: build 2 spearman (we want to have troops to attack and defend).
- Madrid: build 2 spearman (to reinforce Madrid).
- Badajoz: build 2 spearman (to reinforce border).
- Cordoba: build 2 spearman (to reinforce border and Murcia).
- Murcia: build 2 spearman (to defend).
- Pamplona: build 2 spearman (to defend).
- Other interior villages: maybe build 2 spearman each, but we can decide later. We can build in all our villages to increase troop count. But we need to be careful about resources: each village has limited wood/iron. We can build as many as they can afford. Most have 30 wood, so 2 spearman each. Some have 40 wood (Badajoz, Madrid) so they can build 2 spearman and have leftover, or build 1 archer etc. We'll stick to spearman for now.

But we also need to consider that building takes 1 turn, so they will be ready next turn. That's fine.

Movements:
We need to send reinforcements to Zaragoza. We have 8s arriving from Pamplona. We can also send from Madrid. Let's send 8s from Madrid to Zaragoza. Madrid has 17s, so after sending 8s, it has 9s. We can also send from Salamanca? But we need to reinforce Madrid. Let's send from Burgos to Madrid: 10s. Then Madrid will have 9s + 10s = 19s? But the 10s from Burgos will take time. If we send 10s from Burgos to Madrid, they will arrive in 1 turn (turn 24). So on turn 24, Madrid will have 9s (remaining) + 10s (arriving) = 19s. But wait, the 9s are already there. The 10s arrive. So total 19s. That's good.

But we also need to send from Madrid to Zaragoza. If we send 8s from Madrid to Zaragoza, they will arrive on turn 24. So on turn 24, Zaragoza will have: home 5s (after build) + 8s (from Pamplona) + 8s (from Madrid) = 21s? Actually, Zaragoza home: currently 3s,1a,1k. We build 2s -> 5s,1a,1k. Then 8s from Pamplona arrive -> 13s,1a,1k. Then 8s from Madrid arrive -> 21s,1a,1k. That's a strong garrison.

But we also want to attack Huesca and Tarragona. We can send from Zaragoza. If we send, say, 10s to Huesca and 10s to Tarragona, that would leave Zaragoza with 1s,1a,1k? That's too weak. We need to balance.

We can send fewer. Maybe send 6s to Huesca and 6s to Tarragona. Then Zaragoza left with 9s,1a,1k. That's okay.

But we also need to consider that the enemy might attack Zaragoza. They have been doing so. If they attack, they will face the garrison. With 9s,1a,1k, defense 13? Actually effective defense is 13 (location bonus included). That's low. We need more. So maybe we should send only 4s to each, leaving 13s,1a,1k. Or we can send from other villages to Zaragoza to build up more.

We can also send from interior villages directly to Huesca or Tarragona? But they are far. From Burgos to Huesca? Burgos to Huesca: road network: [14] Burgos: [10], [12], [19]. [19] Pamplona: [14], [17], [20]. [20] Huesca: [17], [19], [23]. So Burgos to Huesca via Pamplona? Actually, to march to Huesca, we must follow roads. From Burgos, we can go to Pamplona, then to Huesca. Or from Burgos to Zaragoza, then to Huesca. The march would stop at the first enemy or neutral village? But Pamplona is ours, Zaragoza is ours. So we can pass through. But the travel time would be longer. It's better to send from Zaragoza or Pamplona.

We can send from Pamplona to Huesca. Pamplona has 2s, but we can build more. We already planned to build 2s in Pamplona. So next turn, Pamplona will have 4s. We can send them to Huesca. But that's a small force.

We can also send from Cordoba or somewhere to Murcia, then to Valencia? But that's far.

Let's think about the enemy's possible moves. They might attack our weak villages: Murcia, Pamplona, Zaragoza. We need to defend them.

We can send reinforcements to Murcia from Cordoba. Cordoba has 16s, 3a. We can send 8s from Cordoba to Murcia. Then Murcia will have 4s (home) + 8s = 12s. That's better.

We can send from Burgos to Pamplona: 10s. Then Pamplona will have 2s + 10s = 12s.

We can send from Salamanca to Madrid: 6s, 2k. Then Madrid will have 9s (remaining) + 6s,2k = 15s,2k? Actually if we send 8s from Madrid to Zaragoza, Madrid has 9s left. Then Salamanca sends 6s,2k -> Madrid has 15s,2k. Good.

Now, what about attacks? We want to conquer Huesca and Tarragona. We can send from Zaragoza. But we need to leave enough in Zaragoza. Let's calculate Zaragoza's total next turn if we do the above:
- Home: 3s,1a,1k. Build 2s -> 5s,1a,1k.
- Arriving from Pamplona: 8s.
- Arriving from Madrid: 8s.
Total: 21s,1a,1k. That's 23 troops.
We can send, say, 10s to Huesca and 10s to Tarragona. That leaves 1s,1a,1k in Zaragoza. That's too little. If the enemy attacks, they will take it. So we should send fewer. Maybe send 6s to each, leaving 9s,1a,1k. That's better. Or send 5s to each, leaving 11s,1a,1k.

But we also need to consider that after conquering Huesca and Tarragona, we will need to garrison them. The troops we send will fight and take losses. After the battle, some will survive and become the garrison. We can send more to ensure they hold.

Alternatively, we can attack only one of them this turn, and the other next turn. That might be safer. Let's attack Huesca this turn, and next turn attack Tarragona after we reinforce.

But we need to reach 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns. If we conquer Huesca now, we will have 17 villages. We need one more. We could conquer Tarragona next turn. But we need to hold Huesca. So we need to send a strong garrison to Huesca.

We can send from Zaragoza to Huesca: say, 10s. They will arrive and fight. After battle, some survive. Then we can send more from interior to Huesca later.

But we also need to consider that the enemy might counterattack Huesca from Girona or Barcelona. We don't know.

Let's think about the timing. We need to hold 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns. That means at the end of turn 24, we need to have 18 villages, and at the end of turn 25, we still have 18. So if we conquer Huesca on turn 24 (the battle happens on turn 24), then at the end of turn 24 we have 17 villages (if we haven't conquered Tarragona yet). We need to conquer Tarragona on turn 24 as well to have 18 at the end of turn 24. Then on turn 25, we need to hold them. So we should conquer both on turn 24.

But we can also conquer one on turn 24 and one on turn 25, but then we need to have 18 at the end of turn 24? No, the rule: "hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns". So we need to have 18 villages at the end of two consecutive turns. For example, if we have 18 at the end of turn 24 and turn 25, we win. If we have 17 at the end of turn 24, and 18 at the end of turn 25 and 26, we win. So we can delay.

Currently we have 16. If we conquer Huesca on turn 24, we have 17. Then on turn 25 we conquer Tarragona, we have 18. Then we need to hold on turn 26. So we have time.

But we need to be careful not to lose any. If we lose one, we go back.

So let's plan to conquer Huesca this turn (turn 23 orders, battle on turn 24). And next turn conquer Tarragona. But we need to ensure we can hold Huesca against counterattacks. The enemy might try to retake Huesca on turn 25. So we need to have a strong garrison there by turn 25.

We can send troops from Zaragoza to Huesca on turn 23, they arrive on turn 24 and fight. After the battle, the survivors remain as garrison. Then on turn 24, we can send more reinforcements to Huesca from somewhere, which will arrive on turn 25. So by turn 25, Huesca will have more troops.

Let's plan the orders for turn 23.

First, builds: We want to build spearman in many villages to have reserves. We can build in all our villages. But we need to specify quantities. We can build 2 in each that has 30 wood. But some villages have other troops; we can build more if they have resources. Let's check each village's wood and iron:

[0] Lisboa: wood 30, iron 250 -> can build 2 spearman (30 wood). Or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman? Actually 20+15=35 wood >30, so can't. Can build 2 spearman.
[1] Santarem: wood 30, iron 270 -> 2 spearman.
[2] Evora: wood 30, iron 330 -> 2 spearman.
[3] Coimbra: wood 30, iron 300 -> 2 spearman.
[4] Badajoz: wood 40, iron 240 -> can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 35 wood. We'll build 2 spearman.
[5] Faro: wood 30, iron 300 -> 2 spearman.
[6] Porto: wood 30, iron 250 -> 2 spearman.
[7] Salamanca: wood 30, iron 150 -> 2 spearman.
[10] Vigo: wood 30, iron 220 -> 2 spearman.
[9] Sevilha: wood 30, iron 220 -> 2 spearman.
[11] Cordoba: wood 30, iron 160 -> 2 spearman.
[12] Madrid: wood 40, iron 130 -> 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer + 1 spearman? We'll build 2 spearman.
[14] Burgos: wood 30, iron 140 -> 2 spearman.
[17] Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 40 -> 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman? 20+15=35 >30, so can't. Can build 2 spearman.
[15] Murcia: wood 30, iron 120 -> 2 spearman.
[19] Pamplona: wood 30, iron 120 -> 2 spearman.

So we can build 2 spearman in every village. That will add 32 spearman total. But we need to consider that some villages might hit the cap? The cap is 300 troops at home. Our villages have low counts, so no issue.

We should build in all to maximize troop production. But we need to be practical: we can only order builds for our villages. We can list them all.

Now movements: We need to decide on the exact numbers.

Let's list the movements we are considering:

1. From Madrid to Zaragoza: send 8 spearman. (Madrid has 17s, 3a. After sending, 9s, 3a remain.)
2. From Burgos to Madrid: send 10 spearman. (Burgos has 10s. After sending, 0s remain.)
3. From Salamanca to Madrid: send 6 spearman, 2 knight? Salamanca has 6s, 2k. We can send all to reinforce Madrid. But we might want to keep some in Salamanca? Salamanca is interior, less risky. We can send all. But then Salamanca will be empty. That's okay because it's interior and enemy can't reach it quickly. The enemy would have to pass through our villages to get there. So we can send all.
4. From Cordoba to Murcia: send 8 spearman. Cordoba has 16s, 3a. After sending, 8s, 3a remain.
5. From Zaragoza to Huesca: send ? spearman. We need to decide how many. Let's say 8 spearman. They will attack Huesca.
6. From Zaragoza to Tarragona: maybe next turn. This turn, only Huesca.
7. From Pamplona to Zaragoza: already marching (8s). We don't need to order again.
8. We might also send from somewhere to Pamplona to reinforce it. We planned Burgos to Pamplona? But we sent Burgos to Madrid. We can send from somewhere else to Pamplona. For example, from Vigo (10) or Porto (6) but they are far. Or we can send from Zaragoza to Pamplona? But Zaragoza is sending to Huesca. We can send a small force from Burgos to Pamplona instead of to Madrid? But Madrid needs reinforcement too.

Let's reassess: We need to defend our borders. The enemy has been attacking Zaragoza. They might attack again. They might also attack Madrid or Badajoz. We need to have strong garrisons.

Zaragoza: currently weak but will get reinforcements. After our movements, Zaragoza will have: home 5s,1a,1k (after build) + 8s from Pamplona + 8s from Madrid = 21s,1a,1k. Then we send 8s to Huesca, leaving 13s,1a,1k. That's a decent garrison. Defense 13? Actually effective defense is 13 (location bonus included). That's not very high. The enemy has been attacking with multiple waves. They might have a large army. We might need more. We can send fewer to Huesca, say 6s, leaving 15s. Or we can send more reinforcements to Zaragoza from elsewhere.

Madrid: currently 17s,3a. We send 8s to Zaragoza, leaving 9s,3a. Then we get 10s from Burgos and 6s,2k from Salamanca. So total next turn: 9s,3a + 10s + 6s,2k = 25s,3a,2k? Actually careful: The 10s from Burgos and 6s,2k from Salamanca will arrive on turn 24. The 8s from Madrid to Zaragoza will also arrive on turn 24. So on turn 24, Madrid will have: the original 9s,3a (remaining) plus the arriving 10s and 6s,2k. But the arriving troops join the garrison. So Madrid will have 9+10+6 = 25s, 3a, 2k. That's strong.

But what about the timing? The enemy might attack Madrid on turn 24. If they do, the garrison on turn 24 will be the 9s,3a that were there at the start of turn 24, plus any arriving before the battle? The rules: "The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival." So the defense we see now is for turn 23. On turn 24, the defense will be updated based on what is there. If we send reinforcements from Burgos and Salamanca, they are marching and will arrive on turn 24. Do they arrive before the enemy's attack? Since orders are simultaneous, both our reinforcements and the enemy's attack are moving at the same time. The battle happens when they meet. If the enemy attacks Madrid, they will march and arrive on turn 24. Our reinforcements from Burgos and Salamanca will also arrive on turn 24. The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." But that's for attacking the same enemy village. For defending our own village, the reinforcements join the garrison. So they should be there to defend. I think the garrison on turn 24 will include all troops that are present at the start of the turn plus those that arrive? Actually, the turn sequence: We order on turn 23. Then on turn 24, all movements occur. The map state for turn 24 is after all movements. So if we send reinforcements to Madrid, they will be added to Madrid's garrison for turn 24. If the enemy attacks Madrid, their attack will also arrive on turn 24. The battle is resolved on turn 24 using the forces present at Madrid at that time. So our reinforcements will help.

But there is a rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." So if the enemy is attacking Madrid, they will stop at Madrid and fight. Our reinforcements are going to Madrid, so they arrive and join. So it should be fine.

Now, what about Murcia? Murcia is weak (4s). We send 8s from Cordoba to Murcia. They will arrive on turn 24. So Murcia will have 4s + 8s = 12s. That's better.

Pamplona: we sent 8s to Zaragoza, leaving 2s. We need to reinforce Pamplona. We can send from somewhere. We have Burgos? But we sent Burgos to Madrid. We can send from Vigo (10) or Porto (6) or Salamanca? Salamanca we sent to Madrid. We can send from Burgos to Pamplona instead of to Madrid? But Madrid needs troops. Maybe we can send from Burgos to Pamplona, and from Salamanca to Madrid. That works: Burgos has 10s, send to Pamplona. Salamanca has 6s,2k, send to Madrid. Then Madrid gets 6s,2k from Salamanca, and we don't send from Burgos to Madrid. But then Madrid only gets 6s,2k, and after sending 8s to Zaragoza, Madrid has 9s,3a. So total Madrid: 9s,3a + 6s,2k = 15s,3a,2k. That's still decent. And Pamplona gets 10s from Burgos, so Pamplona will have 2s + 10s = 12s. That's good.

But we also need to consider that Burgos is interior, so sending all its troops is okay. Salamanca is also interior.

Now, what about Badajoz? It has 20s,10a. It's a strong border village. We can leave it as is, or send some to somewhere? It might be a launch point for attacking Toledo. But we are not attacking Toledo yet.

Cordoba: we send 8s to Murcia, leaving 8s,3a. That's okay.

Sevilha: 10s, interior? Actually Sevilha is interior (no enemy border). It can stay.

We also have 8s marching from Pamplona to Zaragoza. That's already ordered.

Now, we need to decide on the attack. We want to attack Huesca. From where? Zaragoza is the closest. We can send from Zaragoza. How many? Let's say 8s from Zaragoza to Huesca. They will arrive on turn 24 and attack. Huesca has 1 knight, defense 3. 8s should win easily. After battle, we will have some losses, but the village will be conquered. Then it becomes ours. We will need to garrison it. The surviving troops will be the garrison. We can send more later.

But we also need to consider that the enemy might have troops in Huesca that we don't see? The report says garrison: 1 knight. So that's it.

What about Tarragona? We can attack it next turn.

Now, let's also consider building in the villages we are attacking from, to replenish.

We need to write the plan and statement.

Plan: We need to write a note to our next turn. It should include what we are trying to do, what we must not forget, and what we decided not to do.

Statement: For the audience, 2-4 lines about
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
########## TURNO 23 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4705 | resposta 12803 | raciocinio 9228 | finish stop | ms 153205
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 8, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 16, \"toId\": 15, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 6}},\n    {\"fromId\": 13, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 6}},\n    {\"fromId\": 22, \"toId\": 21, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 18, \"toId\": 21, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Focus on expanding the southern and central fronts. Send knights from Valencia to conquer Murcia, and from Teruel to conquer Zaragoza, the enemy hub. Reinforce Tarragona with spearmen from Barcelona and Castellon to secure the northern flank. Build knights and spearmen across all villages to maintain momentum and prepare for the next push towards Madrid and Cordoba.\",\n  \"statement\": \"Turn 23 sees the consolidation of my newly conquered territories, Valencia and Teruel. I am launching a two-pronged attack: Valencia's knights are sent to take Murcia, while Teruel's knights aim to capture the strategic hub of Zaragoza. Simultaneously, I am reinforcing Tarragona with spearmen from Barcelona and Castellon to defend against any enemy counter-offensives. My builds are focused on producing knights and spearmen to sustain my army's strength.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B and provide a JSON response with build orders, movement orders, a plan, and a statement.

Let's analyze the current state of the game:
- Map has 24 villages. I hold 8 (need 18 for 2 consecutive turns to win, or eliminate all enemy villages).
- Enemy is King A.
- My villages:
  - Barcelona (22): Capital, 4 troops (4 spear, 0 arch, 0 knight). Wood 30, Iron 40.
  - Tarragona (21): 1 knight. Wood 60, Iron 30.
  - Girona (23): 3 troops (2 spear, 1 knight). Wood 60, Iron 30.
  - Castellon (18): 2 spear. Wood 30, Iron 40.
  - Huesca (20): 1 knight. Wood 60, Iron 30.
  - Valencia (16): 6 knights. Wood 40, Iron 80.
  - Teruel (13): 6 knights. Wood 30, Iron 50.
  - Toledo (8): 14 troops (12 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight). Wood 30, Iron 130.

Wait, looking at the "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN" section:
- "You attacked [16] Valencia with 10 knights ... VICTORY, conquered. You lost 4 troops; 6 troops stay there as its new garrison."
- "You attacked [13] Teruel with 10 knights ... VICTORY, conquered. You lost 4 troops; 6 troops stay there as its new garrison."
So Valencia and Teruel are now MY villages! They were conquered last turn.
Let's check the list of MY VILLAGES:
Barcelona (22), Tarragona (21), Girona (23), Castellon (18), Huesca (20), Valencia (16), Teruel (13), Toledo (8). Total 8.

Let's look at the enemy villages we can see:
- Zaragoza (17): Enemy, defense 13, garrison: 3 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight. (Was attacked multiple times last turn, lost some troops).
- Madrid (12): Enemy, defense 50, garrison: 17 spearmen, 3 archers.
- Murcia (15): Enemy, defense 10, garrison: 4 spearmen.
- Pamplona (19): Enemy, defense 5, garrison: 2 spearmen.
- Cordoba (11): Enemy, defense 48, garrison: 16 spearmen, 3 archers.
- Badajoz (4): Enemy, defense 75, garrison: 20 spearmen, 10 archers.

Let's look at the road network and connections:
My border villages:
- Tarragona (21) faces Zaragoza (17).
- Huesca (20) faces Zaragoza (17), Pamplona (19).
- Valencia (16) faces Murcia (15).
- Teruel (13) faces Zaragoza (17).
- Toledo (8) faces Badajoz (4), Cordoba (11), Madrid (12).

Wait, the enemy capital is Lisboa (0). The goal is to hold 18 villages (75% of 24) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.
Currently I have 8 villages. I need 10 more.
The enemy has villages like Zaragoza (17), Madrid (12), Murcia (15), Pamplona (19), Cordoba (11), Badajoz (4), Burgos (14), Salamanca (7), and the ones in Portugal (Lisboa, Santarem, Evora, Coimbra, Porto, Vigo, Faro).
Let's count how many villages the enemy has.
Total 24. I have 8. Enemy has 16.
To get to 18, I need to conquer 10 more villages from the enemy. Or eliminate all enemy villages (which means conquering all of them).
Conquering 10 more is the practical way, or just conquering a lot of them.

Let's look at the enemy's weak spots:
- Pamplona (19): defense 5, garrison 2 spearmen. March from Huesca (20) is 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Wait, march from Huesca is 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns? Let's check: "march from [20] Huesca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".
- Murcia (15): defense 10, garrison 4 spearmen. March from Valencia (16) is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- Zaragoza (17): defense 13, garrison 3 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight. March from Tarragona (21), Huesca (20), Teruel (13) is 1 turn (fast).

Let's check my available troops for building:
- Barcelona (22): wood 30, iron 40. Can build spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) or archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Since wood is 30 and iron is 40, I can build 2 spearmen (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) -> 35 wood, 10 iron. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Let's build knights if possible, but wood is limited to 30, so only 1 knight. Let's build 1 knight or some spearmen/archers.
Wait, let's look at the resources of all my villages to see what we can build.
- Tarragona (21): wood 60, iron 30. Can build 4 spearmen (60 wood), or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron), or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron - not enough iron). Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 2 spearmen (30 wood) = 60 wood, 30 iron.
- Girona (23): wood 60, iron 30. Same as Tarragona.
- Castellon (18): wood 30, iron 40. Can build 2 spearmen (30 wood), or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) -> 35 wood, 10 iron. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
- Huesca (20): wood 60, iron 30. Can build 4 spearmen, or 3 archers, or 1 knight + 2 spearmen.
- Valencia (16): wood 40, iron 80. Can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 80 wood, 70 iron. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) -> 90 wood (not enough). Let's see: 40 wood, 80 iron. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and have 10 wood, 50 iron left. Can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Total: 1 knight + 2 archers = 50 wood (not enough wood). So 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 50 wood (not enough). So 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 45 wood (not enough). So 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) is safe. Or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
- Teruel (13): wood 30, iron 50. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron - not enough wood). So 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 35 wood (not enough). So 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 spearmen (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
- Toledo (8): wood 30, iron 130. Can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 spearmen (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) + 1 spearman (15 wood) = 35 wood (not enough). So 1 knight or 2 spearmen or 1 archer.

Let's look at the troop counts and where to send them.
Currently, my troops are scattered.
- Valencia (16) has 6 knights.
- Teruel (13) has 6 knights.
- Toledo (8) has 12 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight.
- Barcelona (22) has 4 spear.
- Girona (23) has 2 spear, 1 knight.
- Castellon (18) has 2 spear.
- Tarragona (21) has 1 knight.
- Huesca (20) has 1 knight.

Let's look at the enemy's positions and the fronts.
The main enemy front seems to be around Zaragoza (17), Madrid (12), Cordoba (11), Badajoz (4).
Zaragoza (17) is a key hub. It connects to Madrid (12), Teruel (13), Pamplona (19), Huesca (20), Tarragona (21).
If I can conquer Zaragoza (17), I can split their territory and push towards Madrid and Burgos.
Zaragoza currently has defense 13, and garrison 3 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight.
Wait, last turn I attacked Zaragoza with 3 knights, 4 knights, 3 knights, 1 knight, and all failed. But the enemy garrison was reduced.
Let's see: "you attacked here 4x in the last 8 turns (0 conquered)".
The garrison of Zaragoza is now 3 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight. Effective defense 13.
If I attack with a larger force, I can take it.
From Tarragona (21), Huesca (20), Teruel (13), I can send troops.
But troops sent from different villages fight alone! "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
This is a crucial rule! So I cannot combine troops from Tarragona and Huesca to attack Zaragoza in one fight. Each village's send fights separately.
This means I need to attack with a single village's army that is strong enough to beat the defense of Zaragoza (13).
Wait, if I attack with knights, their attack is 4. Let's calculate the effective force.
If I send 6 knights from Teruel (13):
Attack of knights is 4. 6 knights = 24 attack.
Wait, does the counter triangle apply?
Zaragoza garrison: 3 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight.
The most numerous type in Zaragoza is spearmen (3).
My army is 6 knights. The most numerous type is knights.
Knight vs Spearman: Knight is countered by Spearman? No, "spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer."
So spearman counters knight!
Since the defender has spearmen as the most numerous type, and I have knights, the defender has the counter bonus!
Wait, "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
Defender's most numerous: spearman (3). Attacker's most numerous: knight (6).
Spearman counters knight. So the defender gets the counter bonus!
"Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5 (every troop in it, not only the countering type)."
So the defender's force is multiplied by 1.5.
Let's calculate the defender's effective force:
Garrison: 3 spearmen (def 2), 1 archer (def 2), 1 knight (def 2).
Total base defense = 3*2 + 1*2 + 1*2 = 10.
Location bonus: "effective defense (location bonus included): 13". So the base defense with bonus is 13.
With counter bonus (1.5): 13 * 1.5 = 19.5.
My attack force: 6 knights. Attack of knight is 4. Total attack = 6 * 4 = 24.
No counter bonus for me because knight is countered by spearman.
So my force is 24 vs defender's 19.5. I win!
But wait, the loser is destroyed entirely, and the winner loses troops worth half of the loser's effective force.
Loser is defender (effective force 19.5). Half is ~10.
Winner loses troops worth 10. Since my troops are knights (cost 30 wood, 30 iron, but in terms of force, each knight has attack 4), how many knights do I lose?
"The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself."
Wait, how is "worth half of the loser's effective force" calculated?
Usually, it's based on the troop values or just a fraction. If I have 6 knights (force 24), and I lose half of the loser's force (10), I lose about 10/4 = 2.5 knights, so 2 or 3 knights.
If I attack with 6 knights, I might win and take Zaragoza, but I'll lose some knights.
Is there a better target?
What about Pamplona (19)? Defense 5, garrison 2 spearmen.
March from Huesca (20) is 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
If I send the 1 knight from Huesca, it's 1 knight (attack 4) vs 2 spearmen (defense 2*2=4, plus location bonus to 5).
Most numerous: spearman (2) vs knight (1). Spearman counters knight. Defender gets 1.5x bonus.
Defender force: 5 * 1.5 = 7.5. My force: 4. I lose.
If I send more troops from Huesca. But Huesca only has 1 knight at home. I can build more!
Huesca has wood 60, iron 30. I can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 2 spearmen (30 wood).
If I build 1 knight and 2 spearmen, Huesca will have 2 knights, 2 spearmen.
If I send them to Pamplona:
Attacker: 2 knights, 2 spearmen. Most numerous: tie between knight and spearman. "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight". So spearman is the most numerous type for me.
Defender: 2 spearmen. Most numerous: spearman.
Spearman vs Spearman: no counter bonus.
Attacker force: 2 knights (attack 4) + 2 spearmen (attack 1) = 8 + 2 = 10.
Defender force: 5 (with location bonus).
I win with force 10 vs 5. I lose half of 5 = 2.5 force, so maybe 1 spearman or 1 knight.
This is a cheap victory! Pamplona has defense 5, and taking it will give me a new village.
Wait, Pamplona is an enemy village. If I take it, I get 9 villages.
Let's look at Murcia (15). Defense 10, garrison 4 spearmen.
March from Valencia (16) is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Valencia has 6 knights.
If I send 6 knights to Murcia:
Defender: 4 spearmen. Most numerous: spearman. Counters knight. Defender gets 1.5x bonus.
Defender force: 10 * 1.5 = 15.
Attacker force: 6 knights = 24.
I win (24 vs 15). I lose half of 15 = 7.5 force, so about 2 knights. I take Murcia.
If I take Murcia, I get 9 villages.
Wait, can I do both? Send troops from Valencia to Murcia, and from Huesca to Pamplona?
Yes, orders are simultaneous.
Let's check the march times:
- Valencia to Murcia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So 1 turn for knights.
- Huesca to Pamplona: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Wait, the report says: "march from [20] Huesca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".
Wait, if it takes 2 slow turns, and I send knights (fast), it takes 1 fast turn. But the report says "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". This means the distance is 2 slow turns, which is 1 medium turn, or 1 fast turn? No, usually 2 slow turns = 1 medium turn = 1 fast turn? Let's check the exact wording: "march from [20] Huesca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". This means it takes 2 turns if slow, 1 turn if medium, 1 turn if fast. So knights arrive in 1 turn.
Wait, if I send troops this turn, they arrive next turn (Turn 24).
Let's check the enemy's moves. "enemy army marching toward [17] Zaragoza - THEIR OWN village (a reinforcement) - arrives in 1 turn".
So next turn, Zaragoza gets reinforcements. That might make it harder to take.
But I can attack Pamplona and Murcia this turn.

Let's look at the plan.
My campaign plan:
I need to expand my territory. The southern front (Valencia -> Murcia) and northern front (Huesca -> Pamplona) are weakly defended.
Taking Murcia and Pamplona will secure my flanks and give me 10 villages.
Then I can focus on Zaragoza, which is the hub.
Let's write down the build orders first.
I need to build troops to attack.
- Huesca (20): wood 60, iron 30. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 2 spearmen (30 wood). Total 60 wood, 30 iron. This gives Huesca 2 knights, 2 spearmen (it already has 1 knight, so total 2 knights, 2 spearmen).
Wait, Huesca currently has 1 knight. If I build 1 knight and 2 spearmen, it will have 2 knights, 2 spearmen.
- Valencia (16): wood 40, iron 80. Build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Total 60 wood, 60 iron. Valencia already has 6 knights, so it will have 8 knights.
Wait, Valencia has 6 knights. If I build 2 knights, it has 8 knights. I can send 6 or 8 knights to Murcia.
- Teruel (13): wood 30, iron 50. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Teruel has 6 knights, will have 7.
- Toledo (8): wood 30, iron 130. Build 2 spearmen (30 wood) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 2 spearmen to defend the capital or send them. Toledo has 12 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight. Building 2 spearmen makes it 14 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight.
- Barcelona (22): wood 30, iron 40. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) or 2 spearmen (30 wood). Let's build 2 spearmen to reinforce Tarragona or just keep them. Barcelona has 4 spear. Building 2 spearmen makes 6 spear.
- Girona (23): wood 60, iron 30. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 2 spearmen (30 wood). Girona has 2 spear, 1 knight. Building 1 knight and 2 spearmen makes 4 spear, 2 knights.
- Castellon (18): wood 30, iron 40. Build 2 spearmen (30 wood). Castellon has 2 spear, will have 4 spear.
- Tarragona (21): wood 60, iron 30. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 2 spearmen (30 wood). Tarragona has 1 knight, will have 2 knights, 2 spearmen.

Let's refine the builds to be efficient and useful for the immediate attacks.
Immediate attacks:
1. Murcia (15) from Valencia (16).
Valencia has 6 knights. I can send all 6 knights to Murcia.
Wait, if I send 6 knights, they march in 1 turn.
Do I need to build more in Valencia? Valencia has wood 40, iron 80. I can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and have 10 wood, 50 iron left. Or build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Let's build 1 knight to have 7 knights, and send 6 or 7. Actually, 6 knights is enough to beat Murcia (force 24 vs 15). Let's build 1 knight in Valencia to have 7 knights, and send 6 knights to Murcia, leaving 1 knight as defense. Or send all 6 and build 1 knight to replace it? If I send 6, they arrive next turn. The build also completes next turn. So I can send 6 now, and the new knight will be built next turn.
Let's build 1 knight in Valencia.
2. Pamplona (19) from Huesca (20).
Huesca has 1 knight. I need more troops to beat Pamplona (defense 5, 2 spearmen).
If I build 1 knight and 2 spearmen in Huesca, it will have 2 knights, 2 spearmen.
I can send 2 knights and 2 spearmen to Pamplona.
Wait, march from Huesca to Pamplona is 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
If I send 2 knights and 2 spearmen, the slowest troop is spearman (slow). So it takes 2 turns to arrive!
Ah! "A MIXED army marches at the speed of its SLOWEST troop."
If I send spearmen and knights, it takes 2 slow turns to reach Pamplona.
If I send only knights, it takes 1 fast turn.
Can I send only knights? 2 knights (attack 8) vs 2 spearmen (defense 4 + location bonus to 5).
Defender most numerous: spearman (2). Attacker most numerous: knight (2).
Spearman counters knight. Defender gets 1.5x bonus.
Defender force: 5 * 1.5 = 7.5.
Attacker force: 2 knights = 8.
I win (8 vs 7.5), but barely! I lose half of 7.5 = 3.75 force, so I lose 1 knight (attack 4).
If I send 3 knights, I need to build 2 knights in Huesca.
Huesca has wood 60, iron 30. I can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) - not enough iron!
I can build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 2 spearmen (30 wood).
If I send 2 knights and 2 spearmen, it takes 2 turns.
Is 2 turns okay? Yes, Pamplona won't run away. But during those 2 turns, the enemy might reinforce Pamplona or attack Huesca.
Wait, Huesca is a border village. If I send all troops, it will be undefended!
Huesca faces Zaragoza (17) and Pamplona (19). If I send all troops to Pamplona, Zaragoza might attack Huesca.
But Huesca has no troops left if I send them all.
So I should keep some troops for defense, or only send a small force.
Actually, Pamplona has only 2 spearmen. If I send the 1 knight already in Huesca, plus 1 knight I build, that's 2 knights. They march in 1 turn (fast).
Let's check if 2 knights can beat Pamplona.
Attacker: 2 knights (force 8).
Defender: 2 spearmen. Most numerous: spearman. Counters knight. Defender force: 5 * 1.5 = 7.5.
I win 8 vs 7.5. I lose 1 knight. 1 knight survives and takes Pamplona.
This is a good trade: I lose 1 knight, gain a village!
And I don't leave Huesca completely empty if I only send 2 knights (the 1 existing + 1 new). Wait, if I send both, Huesca has 0 troops. But Huesca is behind my front line, and the enemy is unlikely to attack it immediately because they are focused on Zaragoza.
Actually, let's look at the map. Huesca (20) connects to Zaragoza (17), Pamplona (19), Girona (23).
Girona is mine. So the only enemy road into Huesca is through Zaragoza or Pamplona.
If I attack Pamplona, the enemy might counter-attack Huesca from Zaragoza.
But Zaragoza has only 5 troops (3 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight). They are busy defending against my attacks on Zaragoza.
So Huesca is relatively safe.
Let's send 2 knights from Huesca to Pamplona.
To do this, I build 1 knight in Huesca. Then I send the 1 existing knight and the 1 new knight (total 2 knights) to Pamplona.
Wait, the new knight is built in 1 turn. Can I send it on the same turn it is built?
"Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."
"Each troop type ... ready in 1 turn."
Usually, you build and then send next turn. But in these games, you can build and send in the same turn if the order is simultaneous? No, the build takes 1 turn, so it arrives at the end of the turn. You can only send troops that are already at home at the start of the turn.
Let's check the report: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight".
This means I can only send the 1 knight currently in Huesca.
If I build 1 knight, it will be available to send NEXT turn.
So this turn, I can only send the 1 knight from Huesca to Pamplona.
Let's calculate 1 knight vs Pamplona (2 spearmen, defense 5).
Attacker: 1 knight (force 4).
Defender: 2 spearmen. Most numerous: spearman. Counters knight. Defender force: 5 * 1.5 = 7.5.
I lose (4 vs 7.5). The knight is destroyed, defenders lose 0 troops.
So sending 1 knight is a suicide mission and does nothing.
I need to send more troops, but I can only send what is already there.
Wait, can I send troops from another village to reinforce Huesca first?
Girona (23) is connected to Huesca (20). Girona has 2 spear, 1 knight.
If I send the knight from Girona to Huesca, it arrives in 1 turn (fast). Then next turn I can send them to Pamplona. But that delays the attack.
What about Tarragona (21)? Tarragona has 1 knight. Tarragona connects to Zaragoza (17), not directly to Huesca. To get to Huesca, it would have to go through Zaragoza (enemy) or Barcelona -> Girona -> Huesca. That's too long.
What about sending troops from Valencia to Murcia?
Valencia has 6 knights. I can send all 6 knights to Murcia this turn!
Let's check if 6 knights can beat Murcia (4 spearmen, defense 10).
Attacker: 6 knights (force 24).
Defender: 4 spearmen. Most numerous: spearman. Counters knight. Defender force: 10 * 1.5 = 15.
I win (24 vs 15). I lose half of 15 = 7.5 force, so 2 knights. 4 knights survive and take Murcia.
This is a great move! I conquer Murcia, get a new village, and lose only 2 knights.
Let's do this: Send 6 knights from Valencia (16) to Murcia (15).

What about other attacks?
Can I attack Zaragoza (17) from Tarragona (21) or Teruel (13)?
Tarragona has 1 knight. 1 knight vs Zaragoza (defense 13, 3 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight).
Defender most numerous: spearman (3). Counters knight. Defender force: 13 * 1.5 = 19.5.
Attacker: 1 knight (force 4). I lose.
Teruel has 6 knights. I can send some knights to Zaragoza.
If I send 6 knights from Teruel to Zaragoza:
Attacker: 6 knights (force 24).
Defender: 3 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight. Most numerous: spearman. Counters knight. Defender force: 13 * 1.5 = 19.5.
I win (24 vs 19.5). I lose half of 19.5 = 9.75 force, so 3 knights. 3 knights survive and take Zaragoza!
This is a very good move! Conquering Zaragoza is a major strategic blow, cutting the enemy in half and giving me a powerful central village.
Let's check the march from Teruel to Zaragoza:
"march from [13] Teruel: ... to [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" (implied by road network: Teruel connects to Zaragoza).
Wait, the report says: "march from [20] Huesca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Zaragoza.
And Teruel connects to Zaragoza: "[13] Teruel: [8], [16], [17], [18]". So yes, Teruel to Zaragoza is 1 turn for fast troops.
So I can send 6 knights from Teruel (13) to Zaragoza (17) this turn. They will arrive next turn and conquer it!
Wait, if I send all 6 knights from Teruel, Teruel will be empty. But Teruel is my village, and it's behind the front line (connected to Valencia, Castellon, Toledo). It's safe.
Let's check if I should send 6 knights or fewer.
If I send 6 knights, I win and take Zaragoza.
Let's do this: Send 6 knights from Teruel (13) to Zaragoza (17).

Wait, what about Toledo (8)? Toledo has 12 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight.
Toledo faces Badajoz (4), Cordoba (11), Madrid (12).
Badajoz has defense 75 (20 spear, 10 arch). Too strong.
Cordoba has defense 48 (16 spear, 3 arch). Too strong.
Madrid has defense 50 (17 spear, 3 arch). Too strong.
I cannot attack any of these with the troops in Toledo (12 spear, 1 arch, 1 knight = force 12*1 + 1*2 + 1*4 = 18, vs defense 48-75). I would be wiped out.
So Toledo should just build troops and defend.
Toledo has wood 30, iron 130. I can build 2 spearmen (30 wood) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Let's build 1 knight to have more knights.

Let's review the build orders:
- Valencia (16): build 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Wood 40 -> 10, Iron 80 -> 50.
- Teruel (13): build 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Wood 30 -> 0, Iron 50 -> 20.
- Huesca (20): build 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Wood 60 -> 30, Iron 30 -> 0.
- Toledo (8): build 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Wood 30 -> 0, Iron 130 -> 100.
- Barcelona (22): build 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood). Wood 30 -> 0, Iron 40 -> 40.
- Girona (23): build 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Wood 60 -> 30, Iron 30 -> 0.
- Castellon (18): build 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood). Wood 30 -> 0, Iron 40 -> 40.
- Tarragona (21): build 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Wood 60 -> 30, Iron 30 -> 0.

Wait, let's check the total wood and iron for these builds:
- Valencia: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). OK.
- Teruel: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). OK.
- Huesca: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). OK.
- Toledo: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). OK.
- Barcelona: 2 spearmen (30 wood). OK.
- Girona: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). OK.
- Castellon: 2 spearmen (30 wood). OK.
- Tarragona: 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). OK.

Let's check if I have enough resources in each village:
- Barcelona: wood 30, iron 40. Build 2 spearmen (30 wood). Remaining: wood 0, iron 40. OK.
- Tarragona: wood 60, iron 30. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: wood 30, iron 0. OK.
- Girona: wood 60, iron 30. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: wood 30, iron 0. OK.
- Castellon: wood 30, iron 40. Build 2 spearmen (30 wood). Remaining: wood 0, iron 40. OK.
- Huesca: wood 60, iron 30. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: wood 30, iron 0. OK.
- Valencia: wood 40, iron 80. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: wood 10, iron 50. OK.
- Teruel: wood 30, iron 50. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: wood 0, iron 20. OK.
- Toledo: wood 30, iron 130. Build 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: wood 0, iron 100. OK.

This is a solid build plan. It produces 6 knights and 4 spearmen across the empire.

Now, movement orders:
1. From Valencia (16) to Murcia (15): 6 knights.
Valencia has 6 knights. Send all 6 to Murcia.
2. From Teruel (13) to Zaragoza (17): 6 knights.
Teruel has 6 knights. Send all 6 to Zaragoza.
3. From Huesca (20) to Pamplona (19): 1 knight.
Wait, if I only send 1 knight, it dies. Should I send it to test or just keep it?
Actually, if I send 1 knight to Pamplona, it dies, but it might reduce the defender's troops?
Defender has 2 spearmen. 1 knight (force 4) vs 2 spearmen (force 7.5). Defender loses 0 troops. So it's a pure waste.
What if I send the 1 knight from Huesca to Zaragoza?
Huesca to Zaragoza is 1 turn. 1 knight vs Zaragoza (force 19.5). Defender loses 0 troops. Waste.
What if I send the 1 knight from Tarragona to Zaragoza?
Same, waste.
What if I don't send any troops from Huesca and Tarragona this turn, just keep them for defense?
Yes, keeping them for defense is better than wasting them on suicide attacks.
Wait, can I send troops from Girona (23) to Huesca (20) to reinforce it?
Girona has 2 spear, 1 knight. Huesca has 1 knight.
If I send the knight from Girona to Huesca, Huesca will have 2 knights. But Girona will have 2 spear.
Is it useful? Huesca is already safe for now.
What about sending troops from Barcelona (22) to Tarragona (21)?
Barcelona has 4 spear. Tarragona has 1 knight.
If I send 4 spear from Barcelona to Tarragona, Tarragona will have 4 spear, 1 knight.
This reinforces the border near Zaragoza.
Let's check the march from Barcelona to Tarragona: "from here to your nearest border village [21] Tarragona: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".
So spearmen (slow) take 1 turn to arrive.
This is a good reinforcement! If the enemy attacks Tarragona, it will face 4 spear + 1 knight instead of just 1 knight.
Let's send 4 spearmen from Barcelona (22) to Tarragona (21).

What about Castellon (18) to Valencia (16) or Tarragona (21)?
Castellon has 2 spear. Valencia is now my village but it's a border village. Tarragona is border.
Castellon to Tarragona: "[18] Castellon: [13], [16], [21]". So Castellon connects to Tarragona.
March from Castellon to Tarragona: 1 slow turn.
I can send 2 spear from Castellon to Tarragona to reinforce it further.
Then Tarragona will have 4 spear (from Barcelona) + 2 spear (from Castellon) + 1 knight = 6 spear, 1 knight!
That's a strong garrison for Tarragona.
Let's do that: Send 2 spearmen from Castellon (18) to Tarragona (21).

Let's check the march from Castellon to Valencia: "[18] Castellon: [13], [16], [21]". It connects to Valencia (16) as well.
But Tarragona is closer to the main enemy threat (Zaragoza). So reinforcing Tarragona is better.

Let's summarize the movements:
- Valencia (16) -> Murcia (15): 6 knights.
- Teruel (13) -> Zaragoza (17): 6 knights.
- Barcelona (22) -> Tarragona (21): 4 spearmen.
- Castellon (18) -> Tarragona (21): 2 spearmen.

Wait, if I send 4 spear from Barcelona and 2 spear from Castellon to Tarragona, they will both arrive next turn and join the garrison.
This is perfectly valid and makes Tarragona a fortress.

Let's double check the troops available to send:
- Barcelona: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight". So I can send 4 spearmen.
- Castellon: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight". So I can send 2 spearmen.
- Valencia: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 6 knight". So I can send 6 knights.
- Teruel: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 0 spearman, 0 archer, 6 knight". So I can send 6 knights.

This matches perfectly!

Let's review the plan and statement.
Plan:
"Launch a decisive double attack on Valencia and Teruel with knights to secure new territories. Simultaneously, funnel all available knights from the rear into Zaragoza to create an unbreakable defensive bulwark. Build knights and spearmen across all villages to replenish losses and maintain momentum for the next phase of the campaign."
Wait, the plan from last turn was: "Launch a decisive double attack on Valencia and Teruel with knights to secure new territories. Simultaneously, funnel all available knights from the rear into Zaragoza to create an unbreakable defensive bulwark. Build knights and spearmen across all villages to replenish losses and maintain momentum for the next phase of the campaign."
But Valencia and Teruel were conquered last turn!
So the plan has changed. I need to update the plan.
New plan:
"Focus on expanding the southern and central fronts. Send knights from Valencia to conquer Murcia, and from Teruel to conquer Zaragoza, the enemy hub. Reinforce Tarragona with spearmen from Barcelona and Castellon to secure the northern flank. Build knights and spearmen across all villages to maintain momentum and prepare for the next push towards Madrid and Cordoba."

Statement:
"Turn 23 sees the consolidation of my newly conquered territories, Valencia and Teruel. I am launching a two-pronged attack: Valencia's knights are sent to take Murcia, while Teruel's knights aim to capture the strategic hub of Zaragoza. Simultaneously, I am reinforcing Tarragona with spearmen from Barcelona and Castellon to defend against any enemy counter-offensives. My builds are focused on producing knights and spearmen to sustain my army's strength."

Let's check the JSON format:
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 13, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 8, "type": "knight", "quantity": 1}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 16, "toId": 15, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 6}},
    {"fromId": 13, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 0, "knight": 6}},
    {"fromId": 22, "toId": 21, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 18, "toId": 21, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}}
  ],
  "plan": "Focus on expanding the southern and central fronts. Send knights from Valencia to conquer Murcia, and from Teruel to conquer Zaragoza, the enemy hub. Reinforce Tarragona with spearmen from Barcelona and Castellon to secure the northern flank. Build knights and spearmen across all villages to maintain momentum and prepare for the next push towards Madrid and Cordoba.",
  "statement": "Turn 23 sees the consolidation of my newly conquered territories, Valencia and Teruel. I am launching a two-pronged attack: Valencia's knights are sent to take Murcia, while Teruel's knights aim to capture the strategic hub of Zaragoza. Simultaneously, I am reinforcing Tarragona with spearmen from Barcelona and Castellon to defend against any enemy counter-offensives. My builds are focused on producing knights and spearmen to sustain my army's strength."
}

Let's double check if there are any errors in the JSON or logic.
- Village IDs: 22 (Barcelona), 21 (Tarragona), 23 (Girona), 18 (Castellon), 20 (Huesca), 16 (Valencia), 13 (Teruel), 8 (Toledo). All correct.
- Target IDs: 15 (Murcia), 17 (Zaragoza), 21 (Tarragona). All correct.
- Troops sent:
  - 16 -> 15: 6 knights. Valencia has 6 knights. Correct.
  - 13 -> 17: 6 knights. Teruel has 6 knights. Correct.
  - 22 -> 21: 4 spearmen. Barcelona has 4 spearmen. Correct.
  - 18 -> 21: 2 spearmen. Castellon has 2 spearmen. Correct.
- Builds:
  - 22: 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood). Barcelona has 30 wood. Correct.
  - 21: 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Tarragona has 60 wood, 30 iron. Correct.
  - 23: 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Girona has 60 wood, 30 iron. Correct.
  - 18: 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood). Castellon has 30 wood. Correct.
  - 20: 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Huesca has 60 wood, 30 iron. Correct.
  - 16: 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Valencia has 40 wood, 80 iron. Correct.
  - 13: 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Teruel has 30 wood, 50 iron. Correct.
  - 8: 1 knight (cost 30 wood, 30 iron). Toledo has 30 wood, 130 iron. Correct.

Wait, let's check if Girona (23) has enough wood and iron.
"Girona | INTERIOR (no enemy border) | wood 60 (+30/turn) | iron 30 (+20/turn)".
Yes, 60 wood, 30 iron. Building 1 knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Remaining: 30 wood, 0 iron. Correct.

Let's check Tarragona (21):
"Tarragona | BORDER with [17] (enemy) | wood 60 (+30/turn) | iron 30 (+20/turn)".
Yes, 60 wood, 30 iron. Building 1 knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Remaining: 30 wood, 0 iron. Correct.

Let's check Huesca (20):
"Huesca | BORDER with [17], [19] (enemy) | wood 60 (+30/turn) | iron 30 (+20/turn)".
Yes, 60 wood, 30 iron. Building 1 knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Remaining: 30 wood, 0 iron. Correct.

Let's check Valencia (16):
"Valencia | BORDER with [15] (enemy) | wood 40 (+30/turn) | iron 80 (+20/turn)".
Yes, 40 wood, 80 iron. Building 1 knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Remaining: 10 wood, 50 iron. Correct.

Let's check Teruel (13):
"Teruel | BORDER with [17] (enemy) | wood 30 (+30/turn) | iron 50 (+20/turn)".
Yes, 30 wood, 50 iron. Building 1 knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 20 iron. Correct.

Let's check Toledo (8):
"Toledo | BORDER with [4], [11] +1 (enemy) | wood 30 (+30/turn) | iron 130 (+20/turn)".
Yes, 30 wood, 130 iron. Building 1 knight costs 30 wood, 30 iron. Remaining: 0 wood, 100 iron. Correct.

Everything looks perfectly aligned with the rules and resources.

Let's do a quick sanity check on the combat outcomes.
1. Valencia (16) -> Murcia (15) with 6 knights.
Murcia garrison: 4 spearmen. Defense 10.
Attacker: 6 knights (attack 4 each = 24).
Defender most numerous: spearman (4). Attacker most numerous: knight (6).
Spearman counters knight. Defender gets 1.5x bonus.
Defender effective force: 10 * 1.5 = 15.
Attacker effective force: 24.
Winner: Attacker. Loser: Defender.
Attacker loses half of loser's effective force: 15 / 2 = 7.5.
Since attacker has knights (attack 4), losing 7.5 force means losing ~2 knights (force 8).
Remaining knights: 4.
Murcia is conquered. The 4 surviving knights stay there as the new garrison.
This is a success.

2. Teruel (13) -> Zaragoza (17) with 6 knights.
Zaragoza garrison: 3 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight. Defense 13.
Attacker: 6 knights (attack 4 each = 24).
Defender most numerous: spearman (3). Attacker most numerous: knight (6).
Spearman counters knight. Defender gets 1.5x bonus.
Defender effective force: 13 * 1.5 = 19.5.
Attacker effective force: 24.
Winner: Attacker. Loser: Defender.
Attacker loses half of loser's effective force: 19.5 / 2 = 9.75.
Losing ~3 knights (force 12).
Remaining knights: 3.
Zaragoza is conquered. The 3 surviving knights stay there as the new garrison.
This is a success.

3. Barcelona (22) -> Tarragona (21) with 4 spearmen.
Reinforcement, no fight. They just join the garrison.
4. Castellon (18) -> Tarragona (21) with 2 spearmen.
Reinforcement, no fight. They join the garrison.

This is a very strong turn. I conquer two enemy villages (Murcia and Zaragoza), bringing my total to 10 villages.
Wait, let's count:
Currently I have 8.
If I conquer Murcia (15) and Zaragoza (17), I will have 10 villages.
I need 18 to win. So I need 8 more after this turn.
But conquering Zaragoza is huge because it splits the enemy map and opens the path to Madrid, Burgos, Pamplona, etc.

Let's write the final JSON.
The JSON looks solid. I will output only the JSON as requested.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"cavaleiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":16,"destinoId":15,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":6}},{"origemId":13,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":6}},{"origemId":22,"destinoId":21,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":18,"destinoId":21,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [22]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [18]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [20]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [16]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [13]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [8]
ACEITO envio [16]->[15]: 6K
ACEITO envio [13]->[17]: 6K
ACEITO envio [22]->[21]: 4S
ACEITO envio [18]->[21]: 2S
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Focus on expanding the southern and central fronts. Send knights from Valencia to conquer Murcia, and from Teruel to conquer Zaragoza, the enemy hub. Reinforce Tarragona with spearmen from Barcelona and Castellon to secure the northern flank. Build knights and spearmen across all villages to maintain momentum and prepare for the next push towards Madrid and Cordoba.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): Turn 23 sees the consolidation of my newly conquered territories, Valencia and Teruel. I am launching a two-pronged attack: Valencia's knights are sent to take Murcia, while Teruel's knights aim to capture the strategic hub of Zaragoza. Simultaneously, I am reinforcing Tarragona with spearmen from Barcelona and Castellon to defend against any enemy counter-offensives. My builds are focused on producing knights and spearmen to sustain my army's strength.
COMBATE [17] Zaragoza: atacante A Fatk=22 (ef 33) Fdef=24 (ef 30) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~10
REFORCO [12] Madrid dono A: 12S
REFORCO [12] Madrid dono A: 2S+3A
COMBATE [16] Valencia: atacante B Fatk=40 (ef 40) Fdef=18 (ef 34) vant=-1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~17
COMBATE [13] Teruel: atacante B Fatk=40 (ef 40) Fdef=18 (ef 34) vant=-1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~17
COMBATE [17] Zaragoza: atacante B Fatk=12 (ef 12) Fdef=18 (ef 34) vant=-1 -> vence defensor | baixas~3
COMBATE [17] Zaragoza: atacante B Fatk=16 (ef 16) Fdef=16 (ef 30) vant=-1 -> vence defensor | baixas~4
COMBATE [17] Zaragoza: atacante B Fatk=12 (ef 12) Fdef=12 (ef 23) vant=-1 -> vence defensor | baixas~3
COMBATE [17] Zaragoza: atacante B Fatk=4 (ef 4) Fdef=10 (ef 19) vant=-1 -> vence defensor | baixas~1
placar: A 16 ald/tropas 255 | B 8 ald/tropas 19 | neutras 0 | transito 5 (A 1 | B 4)

########## TURNO 24 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4463 | resposta 14419 | raciocinio 10162 | finish stop | ms 176160
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 7, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 10, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 9, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 11, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 12, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 14, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 17, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"archer\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 17, \"toId\": 20, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4}},\n    {\"fromId\": 11, \"toId\": 15, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 10, \"archer\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 14, \"toId\": 19, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 5}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"We are attacking Teruel, Huesca, and Murcia to conquer three enemy villages and reach the 18-village threshold. We are reinforcing Pamplona from Burgos to secure our northern border. We are building spearman in all 15 villages to replenish our forces and grow our army for the next phase of the campaign.\",\n  \"statement\": \"Our armies have set out to crush the enemy's weak points: Teruel, Huesca, and Murcia. With spearman leading the charge and archers in support, we expect to overwhelm the sparse enemy garrisons and claim these lands. We have also reinforced Pamplona to ensure our northern flank remains secure, while our villages produce spearman to sustain our momentum.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A in a turn-based strategy game.
I need to output a JSON object with "build", "movements", "plan", and "statement".

Let's check the current state:
- I hold 15 of 24 villages (need 18 for 2 consecutive turns to win, or eliminate every enemy village).
- Enemy capital is Barcelona [22], unknown garrison.
- Enemy is King B.
- My villages:
  - [0] Lisboa (Capital): 27/300, wood 60, iron 270. Available: 14 spearman, 12 archer, 1 knight.
  - [1] Santarem: 20/300, wood 60, iron 290. Available: 14 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight.
  - [2] Evora: 28/300, wood 60, iron 350. Available: 22 spearman, 6 archer.
  - [3] Coimbra: 15/300, wood 60, iron 320. Available: 12 spearman, 3 archer.
  - [4] Badajoz: 30/300, wood 70, iron 260. Available: 20 spearman, 10 archer. Border with [8] Toledo (enemy).
  - [5] Faro: 23/300, wood 60, iron 320. Available: 20 spearman, 3 archer.
  - [6] Porto: 19/300, wood 60, iron 270. Available: 13 spearman, 6 archer.
  - [7] Salamanca: 8/300, wood 60, iron 170. Available: 6 spearman, 2 knight.
  - [10] Vigo: 15/300, wood 60, iron 240. Available: 12 spearman, 3 archer.
  - [9] Sevilha: 10/300, wood 60, iron 240. Available: 10 spearman.
  - [11] Cordoba: 19/300, wood 60, iron 180. Available: 16 spearman, 3 archer. Border with [8], [15] (enemy).
  - [12] Madrid: 20/300, wood 70, iron 150. Available: 17 spearman, 3 archer. Border with [8] (enemy).
  - [14] Burgos: 10/300, wood 60, iron 160. Available: 10 spearman.
  - [17] Zaragoza: 10/300, wood 60, iron 60. Available: 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Border with [13], [20], [21] (enemy).
  - [19] Pamplona: 2/300, wood 60, iron 140. Available: 2 spearman. Border with [20] (enemy).

Enemy villages visible:
- [8] Toledo: 12 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights. Effective defense: 38.
- [13] Teruel: 1 knight. Effective defense: 3.
- [15] Murcia: 4 knights. Effective defense: 10.
- [20] Huesca: 2 knights. Effective defense: 5.
- [21] Tarragona: 6 spearmen, 2 knights. Effective defense: 20.
- [18] Castellon: last seen 10 knights.
- [16] Valencia: last seen 6 knights.
- [22] Barcelona (Capital): unexplored.
- [23] Girona: unexplored.

Let's look at the map and road network.
My border villages:
- [4] Badajoz -> [8] Toledo (enemy)
- [11] Cordoba -> [8] Toledo, [15] Murcia (enemy)
- [12] Madrid -> [8] Toledo (enemy)
- [17] Zaragoza -> [13] Teruel, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona (enemy)
- [19] Pamplona -> [20] Huesca (enemy)

Let's check the enemy villages and their defenses:
- [13] Teruel: 1 knight, defense 3. Very weak. March from [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [20] Huesca: 2 knights, defense 5. Weak. March from [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [15] Murcia: 4 knights, defense 10. March from [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [21] Tarragona: 6 spearmen, 2 knights, defense 20. March from [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [8] Toledo: 12 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights, defense 38. March from [4] Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

Let's look at the goal: "hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village."
Currently I hold 15. I need 18.
The enemy currently holds: [8], [13], [15], [20], [21], [18], [16], [22], [23]. That is 9 villages. (Total 15 + 9 = 24).
If I conquer some of their villages, I will increase my count.
To get to 18, I need to conquer 3 more villages.
Let's see which enemy villages are easiest to conquer:
- [13] Teruel: defense 3, garrison 1 knight. Easy target.
- [20] Huesca: defense 5, garrison 2 knights. Easy target.
- [15] Murcia: defense 10, garrison 4 knights. Easy-medium target.
- [21] Tarragona: defense 20, garrison 6 spearmen, 2 knights.
- [8] Toledo: defense 38, garrison 12 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights. Tough.

Let's check troop production. I need to build troops.
My villages have plenty of resources, but some have low iron or wood, though they all produce 30 wood and 20 iron per turn.
Let's look at what we can build.
Costs:
spearman: 15 wood + 0 iron.
archer: 20 wood + 10 iron.
knight: 30 wood + 30 iron.

Let's look at the available resources in my villages:
- [17] Zaragoza: wood 60, iron 60. Can build:
  - spearman: 60/15 = 4 spearman (costs 60 wood, 0 iron)
  - archer: 60/20 wood = 3 archer, but iron is 60, so 6 archer (costs 120 wood, 60 iron - but wood is only 60). So max 3 archer (60 wood, 30 iron) or 2 archer (40 wood, 20 iron) + 1 spearman, etc. Let's just build what we can.
  Actually, let's write down the maximum builds per village based on wood and iron:
  - [0] Lisboa: wood 60, iron 270. Can build 4 spearman (60 wood), or 3 archer (60 wood, 30 iron), or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
  - [1] Santarem: wood 60, iron 290. Can build 4 spearman, or 3 archer, or 2 knights.
  - [2] Evora: wood 60, iron 350. Can build 4 spearman, or 3 archer, or 2 knights.
  - [3] Coimbra: wood 60, iron 320. Can build 4 spearman, or 3 archer, or 2 knights.
  - [4] Badajoz: wood 70, iron 260. Can build 4 spearman (60 wood), or 3 archer (60 wood, 30 iron), or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
  - [5] Faro: wood 60, iron 320. Can build 4 spearman, or 3 archer, or 2 knights.
  - [6] Porto: wood 60, iron 270. Can build 4 spearman, or 3 archer, or 2 knights.
  - [7] Salamanca: wood 60, iron 170. Can build 4 spearman, or 3 archer, or 2 knights.
  - [10] Vigo: wood 60, iron 240. Can build 4 spearman, or 3 archer, or 2 knights.
  - [9] Sevilha: wood 60, iron 240. Can build 4 spearman, or 3 archer, or 2 knights.
  - [11] Cordoba: wood 60, iron 180. Can build 4 spearman, or 3 archer, or 2 knights.
  - [12] Madrid: wood 70, iron 150. Can build 4 spearman (60 wood), or 3 archer (60 wood, 30 iron), or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
  - [14] Burgos: wood 60, iron 160. Can build 4 spearman, or 3 archer, or 2 knights.
  - [17] Zaragoza: wood 60, iron 60. Can build 4 spearman, or 3 archer (60 wood, 30 iron), or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) - wait, wood is 60, iron is 60. So 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 2 spearman (30 wood) = 60 wood, 30 iron. Or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
  - [19] Pamplona: wood 60, iron 140. Can build 4 spearman, or 3 archer, or 2 knights.

Let's plan the attacks.
We want to conquer some villages. Let's target [13] Teruel, [20] Huesca, and [15] Murcia.
Wait, let's look at the march distances:
- [17] Zaragoza to [13] Teruel: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [17] Zaragoza to [20] Huesca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [11] Cordoba to [15] Murcia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

Let's check the troops we can send:
To attack [13] Teruel (defense 3, 1 knight):
We can send troops from [17] Zaragoza.
Zaragoza has: 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
If we send all: 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
Let's calculate the attack power:
Most numerous type: spearman (8). So we don't get counter bonus unless we have more of something else, but spearman is the most numerous.
Enemy has 1 knight. Defender counts defense of knight (2) * 1.25 (village) = 2.5 -> 2 or 3? The report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 3". So defender has effective defense 3.
Wait, the combat rules say:
"When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs."
"Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5."
"The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
Our army: 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous: spearman.
Enemy army: 1 knight. Most numerous: knight.
Spearman counters knight! So our force is multiplied by 1.5.
Our attack power:
spearman: 8 * 1 attack = 8.
archer: 1 * 2 attack = 2.
knight: 1 * 4 attack = 4.
Total attack = 8 + 2 + 4 = 14.
With counter bonus (spearman counters knight): 14 * 1.5 = 21.
Defender effective defense = 3.
21 vs 3 -> we win easily.

Let's check [20] Huesca (defense 5, 2 knights):
Send from [17] Zaragoza: 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
Enemy: 2 knights. Most numerous: knight.
Our most numerous: spearman. Spearman counters knight! Bonus 1.5.
Our attack: 14. With bonus: 21.
Defender defense: 5.
21 vs 5 -> win easily.

Wait, can we send troops from multiple villages to the same target?
"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So we can only send one army per target per turn, but we can send from different villages if they arrive on different turns, or we can just send a big army from one village.
But Zaragoza is close to both Teruel and Huesca.
Can we send from Zaragoza to Teruel, and from Zaragoza to Huesca at the same time?
"An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination."
Roads from Zaragoza [17]:
- to [13] Teruel: direct road? [17] -> [13].
- to [20] Huesca: [17] -> [20].
If we send to [13] Teruel, it goes [17] -> [13] and stops/fights at [13].
If we send to [20] Huesca, it goes [17] -> [20] and stops/fights at [20].
Since they are different roads, they don't interfere.
But can we split the garrison of Zaragoza into two armies?
"AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight (attack power if all sent: 42)" - wait, the report says "attack power if all sent: 42" but I calculated 14? Ah, maybe the attack power in the report is calculated differently or includes some other factor, but we can send any subset. We can send 4 spearman to Teruel and 4 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight to Huesca.
Let's check if we can send to both.
Yes, we can send multiple armies from the same village to different destinations, as long as we don't exceed the available troops.
Let's look at the available troops in Zaragoza: 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
We can send:
- to [13] Teruel: 4 spearman, 1 archer (attack: 4*1 + 2 = 6. Most numerous: spearman. Enemy: knight. Counter: yes, 1.5. Attack = 9. Defense 3. 9 > 3, win).
- to [20] Huesca: 4 spearman, 1 knight (attack: 4*1 + 4 = 8. Most numerous: spearman. Enemy: knight. Counter: yes, 1.5. Attack = 12. Defense 5. 12 > 5, win).
This splits the force but both should win.

Let's also look at [15] Murcia (defense 10, 4 knights).
March from [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Cordoba has: 16 spearman, 3 archer.
We can send: 10 spearman, 2 archer.
Enemy: 4 knights. Most numerous: knight.
Our most numerous: spearman. Counter: yes, 1.5.
Attack: 10*1 + 2*2 = 14. With bonus: 21.
Defense: 10.
21 vs 10 -> win.

Let's look at [21] Tarragona (defense 20, 6 spearmen, 2 knights).
March from [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Enemy: 6 spearmen, 2 knights. Most numerous: spearman.
If we send spearmen, we don't counter spearman. Archers counter spearman.
If we send archers: we have only 1 archer in Zaragoza. We can send from elsewhere?
From [12] Madrid: 17 spearman, 3 archer. March from [12] Madrid to [21] Tarragona:
Road: [12] -> [17] -> [21]. But [17] is ours, so we can march through it. But the march distance is from [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. From [12] Madrid to [17] Zaragoza is 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. So total from Madrid to Tarragona is longer.
Let's check the march from [17] Zaragoza to [21] Tarragona: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
If we send from Zaragoza: we only have 1 archer. Not enough to counter the 6 spearmen.
What if we send knights? Knights counter archers, but enemy has spearmen as most numerous.
What if we send spearmen? Spearman vs spearman is neutral.
Enemy defense is 20. We need a lot of attack.
Let's focus on the easy ones first: [13] Teruel, [20] Huesca, [15] Murcia.
If we conquer these 3, we will have 15 + 3 = 18 villages!
Wait, if we conquer them, do we hold them for 2 consecutive turns?
"HOW TO WIN: hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village."
If we conquer them this turn, we will hold them next turn. If we hold them next turn and the turn after, that's 2 consecutive turns.
But we need to conquer them first. Let's send armies to conquer [13] Teruel, [20] Huesca, and [15] Murcia.

Let's check the troops we need to send and from where.
Let's look at the garrisons of our border villages to see if we need to reinforce them.
- [4] Badajoz: 30/300. Border with [8] Toledo (defense 38). We should keep some troops there.
- [11] Cordoba: 19/300. Border with [8], [15]. We can send some to [15] Murcia, but keep some for defense.
- [12] Madrid: 20/300. Border with [8].
- [17] Zaragoza: 10/300. Border with [13], [20], [21]. We can send troops to [13] and [20].
- [19] Pamplona: 2/300. Border with [20]. Very weak! We should reinforce it or send troops from it. But it only has 2 spearman. We can't send much from it, but we can send troops to it from [14] Burgos or [17] Zaragoza to defend it, or just leave it. If the enemy attacks it, it will fall. But the enemy is King B, who is in the east (Barcelona, Tarragona, etc.). Pamplona is far from Barcelona, but close to Huesca [20] and Zaragoza [17].

Let's decide on the builds and movements.
Builds:
We want to build troops to replace the ones we send, and to increase our army.
Let's build spearman and archers in our villages.
- [0] Lisboa: build 4 spearman (costs 60 wood, 0 iron).
- [1] Santarem: build 4 spearman (costs 60 wood, 0 iron).
- [2] Evora: build 4 spearman (costs 60 wood, 0 iron).
- [3] Coimbra: build 4 spearman (costs 60 wood, 0 iron).
- [4] Badajoz: build 4 spearman (costs 60 wood, 0 iron).
- [5] Faro: build 4 spearman (costs 60 wood, 0 iron).
- [6] Porto: build 4 spearman (costs 60 wood, 0 iron).
- [7] Salamanca: build 4 spearman (costs 60 wood, 0 iron).
- [10] Vigo: build 4 spearman (costs 60 wood, 0 iron).
- [9] Sevilha: build 4 spearman (costs 60 wood, 0 iron).
- [11] Cordoba: build 4 spearman (costs 60 wood, 0 iron).
- [12] Madrid: build 4 spearman (costs 60 wood, 0 iron).
- [14] Burgos: build 4 spearman (costs 60 wood, 0 iron).
- [17] Zaragoza: build 4 spearman (costs 60 wood, 0 iron).
- [19] Pamplona: build 4 spearman (costs 60 wood, 0 iron).
Wait, do we have enough wood and iron?
Let's check Zaragoza: wood 60, iron 60. 4 spearman costs 60 wood, 0 iron. Yes, we can build 4 spearman.
Let's check Pamplona: wood 60, iron 140. 4 spearman costs 60 wood, 0 iron. Yes.
Let's check all villages: they all have at least 60 wood (except maybe some, but the report says:
[0] Lisboa: wood 60
[1] Santarem: wood 60
[2] Evora: wood 60
[3] Coimbra: wood 60
[4] Badajoz: wood 70
[5] Faro: wood 60
[6] Porto: wood 60
[7] Salamanca: wood 60
[10] Vigo: wood 60
[9] Sevilha: wood 60
[11] Cordoba: wood 60
[12] Madrid: wood 70
[14] Burgos: wood 60
[17] Zaragoza: wood 60
[19] Pamplona: wood 60
All have at least 60 wood. So we can build 4 spearman in each of our 15 villages!
That would be 15 * 4 = 60 spearman built this turn. This will greatly increase our troop count.
Let's check if we should build archers or knights instead.
Archers cost 20 wood + 10 iron. Knights cost 30 wood + 30 iron.
Spearman are cheap and fast to build (1 turn). Since we need to conquer 3 villages this turn, having more spearman is good because they are the most numerous and we can counter knights (like in Teruel, Huesca, Murcia) with spearman.
Wait, if we build spearman, they will be ready next turn. But we need to attack this turn with the troops we already have.
The attacks this turn will use the troops we have NOW.
So we need to decide which troops to send NOW.
Let's look at the available troops to send NOW:
- To [13] Teruel (from [17] Zaragoza): send 4 spearman, 1 archer. (Zaragoza has 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Sending 4 spearman, 1 archer leaves 4 spearman, 1 knight).
- To [20] Huesca (from [17] Zaragoza): send 4 spearman, 1 knight. (Leaves 0 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight in Zaragoza). Wait, if we send all remaining, Zaragoza will be empty. Is that safe?
Zaragoza is a border village with [13], [20], [21]. If we leave it empty, the enemy could attack it and take it. But we are attacking [13] and [20] this turn, so the enemy cannot attack them (they are our targets). What about [21] Tarragona? The enemy could attack Zaragoza from [21]. But the enemy doesn't know our orders, and they write their orders at the same time. If they attack Zaragoza, they will meet our empty garrison? No, if we send all troops, the garrison is 0. If they attack, they will win easily.
To be safe, let's leave some troops in Zaragoza, or send reinforcements from another village.
Can we send reinforcements to Zaragoza from [12] Madrid?
Madrid to Zaragoza: [12] -> [17]. March distance: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. It takes 2 turns for slow troops. So they won't arrive this turn.
What about [14] Burgos to [17] Zaragoza? [14] -> [12] -> [17]. Even longer.
So we cannot reinforce Zaragoza this turn.
Let's look at the enemy's possible attacks on Zaragoza.
The enemy in [21] Tarragona has 6 spearmen, 2 knights. They could attack Zaragoza.
If they attack Zaragoza and we have 0 troops, we lose Zaragoza.
Is it worth risking Zaragoza to take Teruel and Huesca?
If we take Teruel and Huesca, we get 2 villages. If we lose Zaragoza, we net +1 village (15 + 2 - 1 = 16). Still not 18.
What if we keep 4 spearman in Zaragoza, and only send 4 spearman to Teruel, and nothing to Huesca?
Then we only conquer Teruel. Net +1 (16).
What if we send 4 spearman to Teruel, and 4 spearman to Huesca? We leave 0 in Zaragoza. If the enemy attacks Zaragoza, we lose it. But maybe the enemy won't attack Zaragoza. The enemy's last turn actions: "King B attacked [15] Murcia: VICTORY, conquered", "King B attacked [17] Zaragoza: DEFEAT". So they did attack Zaragoza last turn and lost. They might attack again, or they might attack elsewhere.
Let's look at the enemy's other villages:
- [8] Toledo: could attack [4] Badajoz, [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid.
- [13] Teruel: could attack [17] Zaragoza.
- [15] Murcia: could attack [11] Cordoba, [16] Valencia.
- [20] Huesca: could attack [17] Zaragoza, [19] Pamplona.
- [21] Tarragona: could attack [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [22] Barcelona.
It is likely the enemy will attack somewhere. If they attack Zaragoza, we lose it.
Can we send troops from [12] Madrid to [17] Zaragoza to defend? No, too far.
Can we send troops from [19] Pamplona to [17] Zaragoza? [19] -> [17] is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. But Pamplona only has 2 spearman. Sending them to Zaragoza would leave Pamplona empty, and they would arrive too late to defend Zaragoza if the enemy attacks from [20] Huesca (which is 1 turn away) or [21] Tarragona (1 turn away).
Actually, if the enemy attacks Zaragoza, our troops from Pamplona would meet them on the road? No, if the enemy attacks Zaragoza, they march to Zaragoza. Our troops from Pamplona march to Zaragoza. They would meet on the road? "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there". But they are on different roads: enemy from [20] to [17], us from [19] to [17]. They only meet if they are on the same road.
So we cannot easily defend Zaragoza if we empty it.

Let's think about a safer strategy.
Instead of attacking [13] and [20] from Zaragoza, what if we attack [15] Murcia from [11] Cordoba?
Cordoba has 19/300 troops. We can send 10 spearman, 2 archer to [15] Murcia. This leaves 9 troops in Cordoba (6 spearman, 1 archer). Cordoba is a border village with [8] Toledo and [15] Murcia. If we leave 6 spearman, it's somewhat defended.
And we can attack [13] Teruel from [17] Zaragoza with 4 spearman, 1 archer, leaving 4 spearman, 1 knight in Zaragoza.
This way, we attack 2 villages: [13] Teruel and [15] Murcia.
What about [20] Huesca? We don't attack it this turn. We can attack it next turn if we secure Teruel.
Let's check the math for [15] Murcia:
Send 10 spearman, 2 archer from [11] Cordoba.
Enemy: 4 knights. Most numerous: knight.
Our most numerous: spearman. Counter: yes, 1.5.
Attack: 10*1 + 2*2 = 14. With bonus: 21.
Defense: 10.
21 vs 10 -> win.
For [13] Teruel:
Send 4 spearman, 1 archer from [17] Zaragoza.
Enemy: 1 knight. Most numerous: knight.
Our most numerous: spearman. Counter: yes, 1.5.
Attack: 4*1 + 1*2 = 6. With bonus: 9.
Defense: 3.
9 vs 3 -> win.

This seems very safe and likely to succeed.
Let's check if we can also attack [20] Huesca from [19] Pamplona?
Pamplona has 2 spearman. We can send them to [20] Huesca.
Enemy: 2 knights. Most numerous: knight.
Our most numerous: spearman. Counter: yes, 1.5.
Attack: 2*1 = 2. With bonus: 3.
Defense: 5.
3 vs 5 -> we lose. So we cannot attack Huesca from Pamplona with only 2 spearman.
What if we send from [17] Zaragoza to [20] Huesca instead of [13] Teruel?
If we send 4 spearman, 1 knight to [20] Huesca:
Attack: 4*1 + 4 = 8. With bonus: 12. Defense 5. Win.
And we don't attack [13] Teruel.
But [13] Teruel is also very weak (defense 3). If we don't attack it, the enemy might reinforce it or attack us from it.
Actually, [13] Teruel is connected to [8] Toledo, [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon.
If we attack both [13] and [20] from Zaragoza, we empty Zaragoza.
What if we send 4 spearman to [13] Teruel, and 4 spearman to [20] Huesca? We leave 0 in Zaragoza.
Is there any other village close to Zaragoza that can send troops?
[12] Madrid is 2 turns away.
[19] Pamplona is 1 turn away, but only has 2 spearman. If we send them to Zaragoza, they arrive next turn. But if the enemy attacks Zaragoza this turn, the 2 spearman from Pamplona are not there yet. They would meet the enemy on the road? No, the enemy attacks Zaragoza, so they go to Zaragoza. Our troops from Pamplona go to Zaragoza. They might meet on the road if they use the same road, but Pamplona to Zaragoza is [19] -> [17]. Enemy from Huesca [20] to Zaragoza [17] is [20] -> [17]. Different roads. So they won't meet. Our troops would arrive at Zaragoza after the battle is over (if the enemy won, they occupy Zaragoza, our troops would stop at the border or fight? "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". If Zaragoza is captured by the enemy, our troops from Pamplona would stop at the border or fight at Zaragoza? They would arrive at Zaragoza and find it enemy-occupied, so they would fight there. But they would be 2 spearman vs whatever the enemy left or brought. Probably lose).

Let's look at the big picture.
We have 15 villages. We need 18.
The enemy has 9 villages: [8], [13], [15], [20], [21], [18], [16], [22], [23].
If we conquer [13], [15], [20], we will have 18.
Can we conquer all three this turn?
To conquer [13], [15], [20], we need to send armies to all three.
We can send:
- to [13] Teruel from [17] Zaragoza: 4 spearman, 1 archer.
- to [20] Huesca from [17] Zaragoza: 4 spearman, 1 knight.
- to [15] Murcia from [11] Cordoba: 10 spearman, 2 archer.
This leaves Zaragoza with 0 troops.
Is there a way to send troops to [13] and [20] without emptying Zaragoza?
What if we send from [12] Madrid to [13] Teruel?
Road: [12] -> [8] -> [13]? No, road network says:
[12] Madrid: [7], [8], [14], [17]
[13] Teruel: [8], [16], [17], [18]
So from Madrid to Teruel: [12] -> [8] -> [13]. But [8] Toledo is enemy! "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So if we send from Madrid to Teruel, we have to go through Toledo [8]. We would fight Toledo first, not Teruel. So we cannot reach Teruel from Madrid without fighting Toledo first.
What about from [14] Burgos to [13] Teruel? [14] -> [12] -> [17] -> [13] or [14] -> [19] -> [17] -> [13]. Both go through Zaragoza [17] or Toledo [8]. So we cannot bypass Zaragoza or Toledo.
Thus, the only way to attack Teruel and Huesca directly is from Zaragoza [17] or Pamplona [19] (for Huesca).
Pamplona to Huesca: [19] -> [20]. We can send from Pamplona, but we only have 2 spearman, which is not enough to beat 2 knights (defense 5).
So we must send from Zaragoza.
If we send from Zaragoza to both Teruel and Huesca, we must split the garrison.
Zaragoza has 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
We can send 3 spearman, 1 archer to Teruel (leaves 5 spearman, 1 knight).
And 5 spearman, 1 knight to Huesca? We only have 8 spearman total. If we send 3 to Teruel, we have 5 left. We can send 5 spearman to Huesca, leaving 0 spearman, 1 knight. But we need to send the knight somewhere or keep it.
If we send 5 spearman to Huesca, we have 1 knight left in Zaragoza.
Let's check the battles:
- Teruel: 3 spearman, 1 archer. Attack: 3 + 2 = 5. Counter: 1.5. Total 7.5 -> 7 or 8. Defense 3. Win.
- Huesca: 5 spearman. Attack: 5. Counter: 1.5. Total 7.5. Defense 5. Win.
- Zaragoza left with: 1 knight. This is better than 0 troops!
Let's check if 5 spearman is enough for Huesca.
Enemy: 2 knights. Defense 5.
Our attack: 5 spearman = 5. Counter (spearman vs knight) = 1.5. 5 * 1.5 = 7.5.
Effective attack vs defense 5: 7.5 > 5. Win.
What about losses? "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
Loser's effective force: Huesca has 2 knights. Attack of 2 knights = 2 * 4 = 8. But they are defending, so they count defense? "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs."
So the defender counts defense. Effective defense is 5.
Attrition is against the loser's effective force. For the attacker, the loser's effective force is the defender's effective defense (5) or attack? "attrition against the loser's effective force". Usually, the loser's effective force is their attack power if they were attacking, or defense if defending? The rules say: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER. The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
So if we attack, our effective force is attack (7.5). Defender's effective force is defense (5). We win, but we take losses equal to the defender's effective force (5)? Or a fraction?
"The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)."
Usually, the losses are proportional. But even if we take some losses, 5 spearman should be enough to take Huesca.
Let's check if we can do better.
What if we send 4 spearman, 1 archer to Teruel (attack 6, with counter 9. Defense 3. Win).
And 4 spearman to Huesca (attack 4, with counter 6. Defense 5. Win).
This leaves 0 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight in Zaragoza.
Wait, Zaragoza has 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
If we send 4 spearman, 1 archer to Teruel, we have 4 spearman, 1 knight left.
If we send 4 spearman to Huesca, we have 0 spearman, 1 knight left.
So Zaragoza has 1 knight left. This is good.
Let's check the battles with this split:
- Teruel: 4 spearman, 1 archer. Attack: 4 + 2 = 6. Counter: 1.5. Total 9. Defense 3. Win.
- Huesca: 4 spearman. Attack: 4. Counter: 1.5. Total 6. Defense 5. Win.
- Zaragoza left with: 1 knight.
This seems very good. We attack 2 villages, leave 1 knight in Zaragoza.
And we attack [15] Murcia from [11] Cordoba with 10 spearman, 2 archer.
Let's check Cordoba's remaining troops: 19 total (16 spearman, 3 archer). Send 10 spearman, 2 archer. Leaves 6 spearman, 1 archer. This is a decent defense for Cordoba.

Let's check if we can also attack [21] Tarragona?
Tarragona has defense 20, 6 spearmen, 2 knights.
If we send from Zaragoza: we only have 1 knight left. Not enough.
If we send from Madrid: Madrid has 17 spearman, 3 archer. March to Tarragona: [12] -> [17] -> [21]. Distance: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns from Madrid to Zaragoza, plus 1 turn to Tarragona. Total 3 turns. Too slow, they will arrive late.
So we cannot attack Tarragona this turn.

What about [8] Toledo? Defense 38. Too strong.

So our attacks this turn will be:
1. [17] Zaragoza -> [13] Teruel: 4 spearman, 1 archer.
2. [17] Zaragoza -> [20] Huesca: 4 spearman.
3. [11] Cordoba -> [15] Murcia: 10 spearman, 2 archer.

Let's double check the troop counts and availability.
Zaragoza: 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
Send 4 spearman, 1 archer to Teruel. Remaining: 4 spearman, 1 knight.
Send 4 spearman to Huesca. Remaining: 0 spearman, 1 knight.
Total sent from Zaragoza: 8 spearman, 1 archer. Correct.

Cordoba: 16 spearman, 3 archer.
Send 10 spearman, 2 archer to Murcia. Remaining: 6 spearman, 1 archer. Correct.

Are there any other attacks we should consider?
What about defending our own villages?
Our border villages:
- [4] Badajoz: 30/300. Border with [8] Toledo. We don't need to send reinforcements unless we expect an attack. But we don't know the enemy's orders.
- [11] Cordoba: after sending 10 spearman, 2 archer, we have 6 spearman, 1 archer left. This is okay.
- [12] Madrid: 20/300. Border with [8] Toledo. Okay.
- [17] Zaragoza: after sending, we have 1 knight. This is weak, but we are attacking the neighboring villages, which might deter attacks.
- [19] Pamplona: 2/300. Very weak. Border with [20] Huesca. If the enemy attacks Pamplona, we will lose it. Should we send reinforcements to Pamplona?
From where? [14] Burgos to [19] Pamplona: [14] -> [19] is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns? Let's check road network:
[14] Burgos: [10], [12], [19]
[19] Pamplona: [14], [17], [20]
Yes, [14] -> [19] is direct! March distance: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Burgos has 10 spearman. We can send 5 spearman to Pamplona to reinforce it.
If we send 5 spearman from Burgos to Pamplona, they will arrive next turn. This will increase Pamplona's defense to 7 spearman, which is better.
Let's check if we should do this.
If we don't reinforce Pamplona, and the enemy attacks it, we lose it. Losing Pamplona means we drop to 14 villages (if we conquer 3, we go to 17, but if we lose Pamplona, we go to 16).
So reinforcing Pamplona is a good defensive move.
Let's send 5 spearman from [14] Burgos to [19] Pamplona.
Burgos has 10 spearman. Sending 5 leaves 5 spearman. This is fine.

Let's check if we should reinforce Zaragoza instead.
Can we send from Madrid to Zaragoza? [12] -> [17]. Distance: 2 slow / 2 medium / 1 fast turns. Too slow, won't arrive in time to defend this turn.
Can we send from Pamplona to Zaragoza? [19] -> [17]. Distance: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. But Pamplona only has 2 spearman. Sending them would empty Pamplona, which is even worse.
So reinforcing Pamplona from Burgos is the best defensive move.

Let's review the builds.
We want to build as many troops as possible to replace the ones we send and to grow our army.
We can build 4 spearman in each of our 15 villages.
Let's list the builds:
- [0] Lisboa: 4 spearman
- [1] Santarem: 4 spearman
- [2] Evora: 4 spearman
- [3] Coimbra: 4 spearman
- [4] Badajoz: 4 spearman
- [5] Faro: 4 spearman
- [6] Porto: 4 spearman
- [7] Salamanca: 4 spearman
- [10] Vigo: 4 spearman
- [9] Sevilha: 4 spearman
- [11] Cordoba: 4 spearman
- [12] Madrid: 4 spearman
- [14] Burgos: 4 spearman
- [17] Zaragoza: 4 spearman
- [19] Pamplona: 4 spearman

Wait, can we build archers or knights instead of spearman in some villages?
We have plenty of iron in most villages.
For example, Lisboa has iron 270. We can build knights or archers.
But spearman are the most versatile and cheap. Since we are sending spearman-heavy armies, building more spearman is good to replenish them.
Also, building 4 spearman in every village is the maximum we can build with 60 wood (4 * 15 = 60).
Let's check if any village has less than 60 wood.
All have at least 60 wood.
So we can build 4 spearman in each of the 15 villages.
This will add 60 spearman to our forces next turn.
This is a very solid build order.

Let's double check the movements.
Movements:
1. from [17] Zaragoza to [13] Teruel: spearman: 4, archer: 1.
2. from [17] Zaragoza to [20] Huesca: spearman: 4.
3. from [11] Cordoba to [15] Murcia: spearman: 10, archer: 2.
4. from [14] Burgos to [19] Pamplona: spearman: 5.

Let's check if the troops we are sending are available.
Zaragoza: 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
We send 4 spearman, 1 archer to Teruel, and 4 spearman to Huesca. Total 8 spearman, 1 archer. Available: 8 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Yes.
Cordoba: 16 spearman, 3 archer.
We send 10 spearman, 2 archer to Murcia. Available: 16 spearman, 3 archer. Yes.
Burgos: 10 spearman.
We send 5 spearman to Pamplona. Available: 10 spearman. Yes.

Let's check the march distances and times.
- Zaragoza to Teruel: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. We send 4 spearman (slow) and 1 archer (medium). The army marches at the speed of the slowest troop: slow. So it takes 2 slow turns? The report says "march from [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". This means the distance is 2 for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast. Since we send slow and medium, the speed is slow, so it takes 2 turns to arrive.
- Zaragoza to Huesca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. We send 4 spearman (slow). Takes 1 turn to arrive.
- Cordoba to Murcia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. We send 10 spearman (slow), 2 archer (medium). Takes 1 turn to arrive.
- Burgos to Pamplona: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. We send 5 spearman (slow). Takes 1 turn to arrive.

Wait, if Zaragoza to Teruel takes 2 turns, the troops will arrive on Turn 26.
But the battle happens when they arrive. "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So they will fight on arrival.
Is there any risk that the enemy reinforces Teruel before we arrive?
The enemy writes their orders at the same time as us, over the same snapshot. So they cannot react to our march this turn. But on the next turn, they might send reinforcements to Teruel. If they do, our troops will still fight the garrison plus reinforcements when they arrive on Turn 26.
But Teruel currently has only 1 knight (defense 3). Even with reinforcements, it's very weak.
What about Huesca? Takes 1 turn, arrives on Turn 25.
Murcia? Takes 1 turn, arrives on Turn 25.
Pamplona? Takes 1 turn, arrives on Turn 25.

Let's check if we should send knights from Zaragoza to Teruel or Huesca.
We have 1 knight in Zaragoza. Knights are fast (1 fast turn to Teruel, 1 fast turn to Huesca).
If we send the knight to Teruel with 4 spearman, 1 archer:
Army: 4 spearman (slow), 1 archer (medium), 1 knight (fast). Speed is slow. So it still takes 2 turns to arrive.
If we send the knight alone to Huesca: 1 knight. Speed fast. Takes 1 fast turn to arrive.
Attack of 1 knight: 4. Enemy: 2 knights. Most numerous: knight. No counter. Attack 4 vs defense 5. We lose!
So we shouldn't send the knight alone.
What if we send the knight with 4 spearman to Huesca?
Army: 4 spearman, 1 knight. Speed slow. Takes 1 slow turn to arrive.
Attack: 4*1 + 4 = 8. Most numerous: spearman (4 vs 1). Counter: spearman vs knight -> 1.5. Total attack: 12. Defense 5. Win.
This is better than sending 4 spearman (attack 6). But it uses the knight, leaving Zaragoza with 0 knights.
Let's check if we want to keep the knight in Zaragoza for defense.
1 knight has attack 4, defense 2. It's a decent defender. But 4 spearman have defense 4 * 2 = 8. So 4 spearman are a better defender than 1 knight.
So sending the knight to Huesca and keeping 4 spearman in Zaragoza is not better than sending 4 spearman to Huesca and keeping the knight in Zaragoza.
Let's stick to:
- Teruel: 4 spearman, 1 archer.
- Huesca: 4 spearman.
- Zaragoza keeps: 1 knight.

Let's check if we should send the archer from Cordoba to Murcia.
We send 10 spearman, 2 archer.
Attack: 10*1 + 2*2 = 14. Counter: 1.5. Total 21. Defense 10. Win.
If we send 12 spearman, 0 archer:
Attack: 12. Counter: 1.5. Total 18. Defense 10. Win.
But we have 3 archer in Cordoba. Sending 2 archer is fine.

Let's review the plan and statement.
Plan: We are focusing on conquering the weak enemy villages in the east (Teruel, Huesca) and south (Murcia) to reach the 18-village threshold. We are also reinforcing Pamplona to prevent its fall. We are building spearman in all our villages to replenish our forces and grow our army.
Statement: We launched a multi-pronged offensive against the enemy's weakest holdings: Teruel, Huesca, and Murcia. Our spearman-led armies, backed by archers, should easily overcome the sparse enemy garrisons. We also reinforced Pamplona to secure our northern border, while our villages worked tirelessly to produce fresh spearman to sustain our campaign.

Let's format the JSON.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 0, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 1, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 2, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 3, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 4, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 5, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 6, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 7, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 10, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 9, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 11, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 12, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 14, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 17, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4},
    {"villageId": 19, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 17, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 1}},
    {"fromId": 17, "toId": 20, "troops": {"spearman": 4}},
    {"fromId": 11, "toId": 15, "troops": {"spearman": 10, "archer": 2}},
    {"fromId": 14, "toId": 19, "troops": {"spearman": 5}}
  ],
  "plan": "We are attacking Teruel, Huesca, and Murcia to conquer three enemy villages and reach the 18-village threshold. We are reinforcing Pamplona from Burgos to secure our northern border. We are building spearman in all 15 villages to replenish our forces and grow our army for the next phase of the campaign.",
  "statement": "Our armies have set out to crush the enemy's weak points: Teruel, Huesca, and Murcia. With spearman leading the charge and archers in support, we expect to overwhelm the sparse enemy garrisons and claim these lands. We have also reinforced Pamplona to ensure our northern flank remains secure, while our villages produce spearman to sustain our momentum."
}

Let's double check the village IDs.
My villages: 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10, 11, 12, 14, 17, 19.
Enemy villages: 8, 13, 15, 16, 18, 20, 21, 22, 23.
My movements:
- 17 to 13 (enemy)
- 17 to 20 (enemy)
- 11 to 15 (enemy)
- 14 to 19 (mine)
All IDs are correct.

Let's check the build quantities.
Each village builds 4 spearman.
Is there any village that cannot build 4 spearman?
Cost of 4 spearman: 4 * 15 wood = 60 wood, 0 iron.
All my villages have at least 60 wood.
[0] Lisboa: wood 60. Yes.
[1] Santarem: wood 60. Yes.
[2] Evora: wood 60. Yes.
[3] Coimbra: wood 60. Yes.
[4] Badajoz: wood 70. Yes.
[5] Faro: wood 60. Yes.
[6] Porto: wood 60. Yes.
[7] Salamanca: wood 60. Yes.
[10] Vigo: wood 60. Yes.
[9] Sevilha: wood 60. Yes.
[11] Cordoba: wood 60. Yes.
[12] Madrid: wood 70. Yes.
[14] Burgos: wood 60. Yes.
[17] Zaragoza: wood 60. Yes.
[19] Pamplona: wood 60. Yes.
All can build 4 spearman.

Let's check if we should build anything else.
We have a lot of iron. But spearman are the core of our army right now, and we are sending a lot of them. Replenishing them is priority.
Also, building spearman is fast (1 turn), so they will be ready next turn.

Let's check the plan text length.
"plan": "We are attacking Teruel, Huesca, and Murcia to conquer three enemy villages and reach the 18-village threshold. We are reinforcing Pamplona from Burgos to secure our northern border. We are building spearman in all 15 villages to replenish our forces and grow our army for the next phase of the campaign."
This is under 600 characters.

"statement": "Our armies have set out to crush the enemy's weak points: Teruel, Huesca, and Murcia. With spearman leading the charge and archers in support, we expect to overwhelm the sparse enemy garrisons and claim these lands. We have also reinforced Pamplona to ensure our northern flank remains secure, while our villages produce spearman to sustain our momentum."
This is also under 600 characters.

Everything looks solid. I will output the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":17,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":1}},{"origemId":17,"destinoId":20,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4}},{"origemId":11,"destinoId":15,"tropas":{"lanceiro":10,"arqueiro":2}},{"origemId":14,"destinoId":19,"tropas":{"lanceiro":5}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [10]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [10]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [10]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [10]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [12]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [12]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [12]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [12]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [14]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [14]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [14]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [14]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO envio [17]->[13]: 4S+1A
ACEITO envio [17]->[20]: 4S
ACEITO envio [11]->[15]: 10S+2A
ACEITO envio [14]->[19]: 5S
plano (volta no proximo prompt): We are attacking Teruel, Huesca, and Murcia to conquer three enemy villages and reach the 18-village threshold. We are reinforcing Pamplona from Burgos to secure our northern border. We are building spearman in all 15 villages to replenish our forces and grow our army for the next phase of the campaign.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): Our armies have set out to crush the enemy's weak points: Teruel, Huesca, and Murcia. With spearman leading the charge and archers in support, we expect to overwhelm the sparse enemy garrisons and claim these lands. We have also reinforced Pamplona to ensure our northern flank remains secure, while our villages produce spearman to sustain our momentum.
########## TURNO 24 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4521 | resposta 16586 | raciocinio 12257 | finish stop | ms 201843
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1},\n    {\"villageId\": 15, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 8, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 1}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 20, \"toId\": 19, \"troops\": {\"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 23, \"toId\": 20, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 22, \"toId\": 21, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 18, \"toId\": 21, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 16, \"toId\": 15, \"troops\": {\"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 13, \"toId\": 8, \"troops\": {\"knight\": 1}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Conquer Pamplona with knights from Huesca to expand the northern flank. Reinforce Tarragona with spearmen from Barcelona and Castellon, and Huesca with troops from Girona, to prepare for the push on Zaragoza. On the southern front, build archers in Murcia, Valencia, and Toledo, and reinforce them with knights from Valencia and Teruel. Focus on archer production to counter the enemy's spearman-heavy garrisons, preparing for the assault on Cordoba.\",\n  \"statement\": \"Ordered the conquest of Pamplona with knights from Huesca. Reinforced Tarragona and Huesca with spearmen and knights from rear villages. Built 15 archers across all villages to prepare for the next major push, focusing on countering the enemy's spearman garrisons.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B in a strategy game.
First, analyze the current state of the game (Turn 24).
My goal: hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.
I currently hold 9 of 24 villages.
Enemy capital is [0] Lisboa, but taking it is not required. Same for my capital [22] Barcelona.

Let's look at my villages and resources:
- [22] Barcelona (Capital): wood 30, iron 60. Troops: 2 spearman. (Defense 6)
- [21] Tarragona: wood 60, iron 20. Troops: 8 (6 spearman, 2 knight). (Defense 20)
- [23] Girona: wood 60, iron 20. Troops: 4 (2 spearman, 2 knight). (Defense 10)
- [18] Castellon: wood 30, iron 60. Troops: 2 spearman. (Defense 5)
- [20] Huesca: wood 60, iron 20. Troops: 2 knight. (Defense 5)
- [16] Valencia: wood 40, iron 70. Troops: 1 knight. (Defense 3)
- [13] Teruel: wood 30, iron 40. Troops: 1 knight. (Defense 3)
- [15] Murcia: wood 60, iron 140. Troops: 4 knight. (Defense 10) - Wait, last turn I conquered Murcia with 6 knights, lost 2, 4 stay as garrison. So it has 4 knight now.
- [8] Toledo: wood 30, iron 120. Troops: 15 (12 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight). (Defense 38)

Let's look at the enemy villages I can see:
- [17] Zaragoza: garrison 8 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight. Defense 25.
- [12] Madrid: garrison 17 spearmen, 3 archers. Defense 50.
- [19] Pamplona: garrison 2 spearmen. Defense 5.
- [11] Cordoba: garrison 16 spearmen, 3 archers. Defense 48.
- [4] Badajoz: garrison 20 spearmen, 10 archers. Defense 75.

Let's look at the road network and distances:
- [21] Tarragona to [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [20] Huesca to [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [20] Huesca to [19] Pamplona: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [13] Teruel to [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [8] Toledo to [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [8] Toledo to [4] Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [8] Toledo to [12] Madrid: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [15] Murcia to [11] Cordoba: road? Let's check road network:
  - [15] Murcia is connected to [11] Cordoba and [16] Valencia.
  - So [15] Murcia to [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

Let's check the enemy's last turn:
- Reinforcement of King A (8 spearmen) arrived at [17] Zaragoza.
- I attacked [15] Murcia with 6 knights (effective force 24 vs its defense 15): VICTORY, conquered. Lost 2 troops; 4 troops stay.
- I attacked [17] Zaragoza with 6 knights (effective force 24 vs its defense 49): DEFEAT. Whole army destroyed; defenders lost 3 troops (10 left).
- Reinforcements arrived at [21] Tarragona (4 spearmen, 2 spearmen).

Let's look at the current troops available and what I can build:
Buildings costs and production:
Each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn.
Let's see what we can build in each village:
- [22] Barcelona: wood 30, iron 60.
  Can build: spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) -> can build 2 (wood 30). Or archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> can build 1 (wood 20, iron 10). Or knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> can build 1 (wood 30, iron 30).
  Let's check current troops at home: 2 spearman. Cap is 300.
- [21] Tarragona: wood 60, iron 20.
  Can build: spearman (15 wood) -> up to 4. archer (20 wood, 10 iron) -> up to 2 (wood 40, iron 20). knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 0 (not enough iron).
- [23] Girona: wood 60, iron 20.
  Can build: spearman (up to 4). archer (up to 2). knight (0).
- [18] Castellon: wood 30, iron 60.
  Can build: spearman (up to 2). archer (up to 1). knight (up to 1).
- [20] Huesca: wood 60, iron 20.
  Can build: spearman (up to 4). archer (up to 2). knight (0).
- [16] Valencia: wood 40, iron 70.
  Can build: spearman (up to 2). archer (up to 2). knight (up to 1).
- [13] Teruel: wood 30, iron 40.
  Can build: spearman (up to 2). archer (up to 1). knight (up to 1).
- [15] Murcia: wood 60, iron 140.
  Can build: spearman (up to 4). archer (up to 3). knight (up to 4).
- [8] Toledo: wood 30, iron 120.
  Can build: spearman (up to 2). archer (up to 1). knight (up to 4).

Let's look at the strategic situation.
I have 9 villages. I need 18 to win (75% of 24).
The enemy has [17] Zaragoza, [12] Madrid, [19] Pamplona, [11] Cordoba, [4] Badajoz, [14] Burgos, [7] Salamanca, [0] Lisboa, [1] Santarem, [2] Evora, [3] Coimbra, [5] Faro, [6] Porto, [9] Sevilha, [10] Vigo. That's 15 enemy villages. (Total 9 + 15 = 24).
Wait, are there neutral villages? "Neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type." But the list of unexplored villages are [6] Porto, [10] Vigo, [3] Coimbra, [9] Sevilha, [5] Faro, [1] Santarem, [0] Lisboa, [2] Evora. They are marked as "ENEMY (King A)" or "THE ENEMY CAPITAL". So maybe there are no neutral villages left, or they are all owned by King A.
So I have 9, King A has 15. I need to conquer 9 more villages to reach 18.
The enemy villages I can see:
[17] Zaragoza (def 25, garrison: 8 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight)
[19] Pamplona (def 5, garrison: 2 spearmen)
[11] Cordoba (def 48, garrison: 16 spearmen, 3 archers)
[12] Madrid (def 50, garrison: 17 spearmen, 3 archers)
[4] Badajoz (def 75, garrison: 20 spearmen, 10 archers)

Let's look at the easiest targets:
- [19] Pamplona: defense 5, garrison 2 spearmen. It is connected to [20] Huesca (yours) and [14] Burgos (enemy).
  March from [20] Huesca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
  Wait, [20] Huesca has 2 knight. If I send 2 knight from Huesca to Pamplona:
  Knight attack is 4. 2 knights = 8 attack. Pamplona defense is 5 (with location bonus already included? "effective defense (location bonus included): 5").
  Wait, combat rules: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs."
  So 2 knights have attack 4 * 2 = 8. Defender has defense 5 (which is already effective defense, including location bonus).
  Is there a counter? Knight vs nothing (garrison is 2 spearmen, but wait, the most numerous type of the defender is spearman, so my knights don't counter spearman, spearman counters knight! Wait, if defender's most numerous is spearman, and attacker is knight, does the defender get the counter bonus?
  "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5 (every troop in it, not only the countering type). The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
  So if the defender has spearman and attacker has knight, the spearman counters knight, so the defender's whole army force is multiplied by 1.5.
  Wait, what is the formula for force?
  Usually, force is sum of attack for attacker, sum of defense for defender.
  Let's calculate force:
  Attacker: 2 knights. Attack = 4 * 2 = 8. No other troops, so most numerous is knight. Defender has spearman, which counters knight. So defender gets 1.5x bonus.
  Defender: 2 spearmen. Defense = 2 * 2 = 4. But the effective defense of the village is listed as 5. Does "effective defense" mean the total defense value including troops and location bonus?
  "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again."
  So the defender's defense is 5. If they get counter bonus, is it 5 * 1.5 = 7.5? Or does the counter bonus multiply the whole force?
  "Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5"
  So defender force = 5 * 1.5 = 7.5.
  Attacker force = 8.
  Since 8 > 7.5, attacker wins!
  Wait, "A tie favors the DEFENDER." 8 > 7.5, so attacker wins.
  Let's check the losses: "The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself."
  Loser's effective force: defender's force is 7.5. Half of 7.5 is 3.75.
  Winner loses troops worth 3.75, spread over its troop types. Since winner only has knights (attack 4, defense 2), how is loss calculated? "worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types". Usually, it converts the loser's force into troop equivalents or just subtracts from the winner's total troops based on some value. Let's not worry too much about the exact math if the margin is small, but 2 knights should beat Pamplona.
  Wait, is Pamplona really that easy?
  Let's look at [17] Zaragoza: defense 25. Garrison: 8 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight.
  If I attack Zaragoza:
  From [21] Tarragona: I have 6 spearman, 2 knight.
  From [20] Huesca: 2 knight.
  From [13] Teruel: 1 knight.
  If I send all from Tarragona: 6 spearman, 2 knight.
  Attacker force: spearman attack 1 * 6 = 6. Knight attack 4 * 2 = 8. Total attack = 14.
  Defender: 8 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight. Defense of village is 25 (including location bonus).
  Most numerous type: spearman (8). Attacker's most numerous: spearman (6). Spearman vs spearman: no counter.
  So attacker force = 14. Defender force = 25. Defender wins easily.

What if I send knights? But knights are weak against spearmen (spearman counters knight).
Wait, "archer counters spearman; knight counters archer; spearman counters knight."
So to fight spearmen (which are the most numerous in Zaragoza, Cordoba, Madrid, Badajoz), I should use archers!
Archers counter spearman.
Let's check archer stats: attack 2, defense 2, costs 20 wood + 10 iron.
If I build archers, they counter spearman, multiplying my whole army's force by 1.5.
Let's look at where I can build archers:
- [8] Toledo: has 1 archer, 12 spearman, 2 knight. Wood 30, iron 120. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron).
- [15] Murcia: wood 60, iron 140. Can build up to 3 archers.
- [16] Valencia: wood 40, iron 70. Can build up to 2 archers.
- [21] Tarragona: wood 60, iron 20. Can build up to 2 archers.
- [23] Girona: wood 60, iron 20. Can build up to 2 archers.

Let's look at the fronts:
Northern front: [21] Tarragona, [20] Huesca, [23] Girona, [22] Barcelona, [18] Castellon.
Target: [17] Zaragoza, [19] Pamplona, [12] Madrid.
Southern/Central front: [8] Toledo, [13] Teruel, [15] Murcia, [16] Valencia.
Target: [11] Cordoba, [4] Badajoz.

Let's look at the enemy's troop movements or last turn:
"A reinforcement of King A (8 spearmen) arrived at [17] Zaragoza"
"You attacked [15] Murcia with 6 knights... VICTORY, conquered."
"You attacked [17] Zaragoza with 6 knights... DEFEAT."
So the enemy is reinforcing Zaragoza.

Let's plan my moves for this turn.
I need to build troops and move them.
Since I need 9 more villages, let's target the weaker ones first or build up a strong army.
[19] Pamplona has only 2 spearmen and defense 5. It's very weak.
Can I attack [19] Pamplona from [20] Huesca?
[20] Huesca has 2 knight. If I send them, they will fight 2 spearmen.
Wait, "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination."
The road from [20] Huesca to [19] Pamplona: [20] is connected to [17], [19], [23].
So I can send troops from [20] Huesca directly to [19] Pamplona.
Let's check the travel time: "march from [20] Huesca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to [19] Pamplona.
Wait, the report says: "[19] Pamplona ... march from [20] Huesca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".
So it takes 2 turns for slow troops, 1 for medium, 1 for fast. Since I only have knights (fast) in Huesca, it takes 1 turn.
If I send the 2 knights from [20] Huesca to [19] Pamplona, they will arrive next turn and attack.
Is there any enemy army marching towards my villages? "ARMIES ON THE MARCH: YOURS: none. ENEMY: none sighted."
So no immediate threats.

What about [17] Zaragoza? It has defense 25.
Can I reinforce my troops near Zaragoza?
[21] Tarragona has 6 spearman, 2 knight.
[23] Girona has 2 spearman, 2 knight.
[18] Castellon has 2 spearman.
[22] Barcelona has 2 spearman.
I can move troops from Barcelona, Girona, Castellon to Tarragona or Huesca to build up a larger force.
But movement takes time.
Let's look at the roads:
[22] Barcelona to [21] Tarragona: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
[23] Girona to [20] Huesca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
[18] Castellon to [21] Tarragona: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
So I can send troops from Barcelona, Girona, Castellon to the front lines now, and they will arrive next turn.
Let's see what I can send:
From [22] Barcelona: 2 spearman. Send to [21] Tarragona.
From [23] Girona: 2 spearman, 2 knight. Send to [20] Huesca.
From [18] Castellon: 2 spearman. Send to [21] Tarragona.
From [16] Valencia: 1 knight. Send to [15] Murcia or [13] Teruel?
Let's look at the southern front: [15] Murcia has 4 knight. [13] Teruel has 1 knight. [8] Toledo has 12 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight.
If I want to attack [11] Cordoba (def 48), I need a strong army.
Cordoba garrison: 16 spearmen, 3 archers.
If I attack with archers, I get the counter bonus (archer counters spearman).
Let's build archers!
In [15] Murcia: wood 60, iron 140. Can build 3 archers (costs 60 wood, 30 iron).
In [8] Toledo: wood 30, iron 120. Can build 1 archer (costs 20 wood, 10 iron).
In [16] Valencia: wood 40, iron 70. Can build 2 archers (costs 40 wood, 20 iron).
In [21] Tarragona: wood 60, iron 20. Can build 2 archers (costs 40 wood, 20 iron).
Let's build archers this turn!
Let's check the build orders:
- [15] Murcia: build 3 archers. (Cost: 60 wood, 30 iron. Murcia has 60 wood, 140 iron. OK).
- [8] Toledo: build 1 archer. (Cost: 20 wood, 10 iron. Toledo has 30 wood, 120 iron. OK).
- [16] Valencia: build 2 archers. (Cost: 40 wood, 20 iron. Valencia has 40 wood, 70 iron. OK).
- [21] Tarragona: build 2 archers. (Cost: 40 wood, 20 iron. Tarragona has 60 wood, 20 iron. OK).
- [23] Girona: build 2 archers. (Cost: 40 wood, 20 iron. Girona has 60 wood, 20 iron. OK).
- [20] Huesca: build 2 archers. (Cost: 40 wood, 20 iron. Huesca has 60 wood, 20 iron. OK).
- [13] Teruel: build 1 archer. (Cost: 20 wood, 10 iron. Teruel has 30 wood, 40 iron. OK).
- [22] Barcelona: build 1 archer. (Cost: 20 wood, 10 iron. Barcelona has 30 wood, 60 iron. OK).
- [18] Castellon: build 1 archer. (Cost: 20 wood, 10 iron. Castellon has 30 wood, 60 iron. OK).

Wait, do I have enough iron?
Let's sum the iron needed:
Murcia: 30
Toledo: 10
Valencia: 20
Tarragona: 20
Girona: 20
Huesca: 20
Teruel: 10
Barcelona: 10
Castellon: 10
Total iron needed: 150.
Total iron available:
Murcia: 140
Toledo: 120
Valencia: 70
Tarragona: 20
Girona: 20
Huesca: 20
Teruel: 40
Barcelona: 60
Castellon: 60
Total iron available: 510. So yes, I can build all of them!
Total wood needed:
Murcia: 60 (has 60)
Toledo: 20 (has 30)
Valencia: 40 (has 40)
Tarragona: 40 (has 60)
Girona: 40 (has 60)
Huesca: 40 (has 60)
Teruel: 20 (has 30)
Barcelona: 20 (has 30)
Castellon: 20 (has 30)
Total wood needed: 300. Total wood available: 390. Yes, I can build all of them!

Let's also build spearmen where wood is abundant and iron is low, or just to have a balanced army.
Wait, if I build archers, they counter spearmen. But what if the enemy has knights? Then my archers are countered by knights. But currently, the enemy garrisons are mostly spearmen (Zaragoza: 8 spearmen, Cordoba: 16 spearmen, Madrid: 17 spearmen, Badajoz: 20 spearmen). So archers are extremely valuable right now!
Let's build as many archers as possible.
Let's list the build orders:
- [15] Murcia: 3 archers
- [8] Toledo: 1 archer
- [16] Valencia: 2 archers
- [21] Tarragona: 2 archers
- [23] Girona: 2 archers
- [20] Huesca: 2 archers
- [13] Teruel: 1 archer
- [22] Barcelona: 1 archer
- [18] Castellon: 1 archer

Let's check if there are any other troops I should build.
Knights are fast and have high attack, but they are countered by spearmen. Since the enemy has many spearmen, archers are better. But having some knights for speed and mixed armies is also good.
Wait, "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
If I have more archers than any other type, my army's most numerous type is archer. If the enemy's most numerous is spearman, archer counters spearman, so my whole army gets 1.5x force multiplier! This is huge.
So I should make archers the most numerous type in my attacking armies.
Let's build archers in all villages that can afford them.

Let's look at movements.
I want to attack [19] Pamplona (def 5, 2 spearmen) to conquer it.
From [20] Huesca, I have 2 knight. If I send them to [19] Pamplona, they will conquer it.
Wait, is [19] Pamplona connected to any other of my villages? No, only [20] Huesca.
So I will send the 2 knights from [20] Huesca to [19] Pamplona.
Let's check if I should send reinforcements to [20] Huesca first or just attack.
If I send 2 knights from [20] Huesca, Huesca will be empty. But Huesca is a border village. If the enemy attacks it, it will fall. But the enemy has no armies on the march, and Zaragoza is their main hub there. They might attack Huesca, but it's unlikely to happen this turn since they write orders simultaneously.
Still, I can send troops from [23] Girona to [20] Huesca to reinforce it.
[23] Girona has 2 spearman, 2 knight. I can send them to [20] Huesca.
Let's check the road: [23] Girona to [20] Huesca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
So they will arrive next turn. If I send them now, they arrive next turn. If I also send the 2 knights from Huesca to Pamplona this turn, Huesca will have the Girona troops arriving next turn, so it won't be completely empty.
Let's do that:
Move from [23] Girona to [20] Huesca: 2 spearman, 2 knight.
Move from [20] Huesca to [19] Pamplona: 2 knight.

What about the northern front towards Zaragoza?
[21] Tarragona has 6 spearman, 2 knight.
[22] Barcelona has 2 spearman.
[18] Castellon has 2 spearman.
I can send the 2 spearman from Barcelona to Tarragona, and the 2 spearman from Castellon to Tarragona.
This will bring Tarragona's garrison to 6 spearman + 2 knight + 2 spearman (from Barcelona) + 2 spearman (from Castellon) = 10 spearman, 2 knight.
Plus the 2 archers I am building there.
Let's send:
From [22] Barcelona to [21] Tarragona: 2 spearman.
From [18] Castellon to [21] Tarragona: 2 spearman.

What about the southern front towards Cordoba and Badajoz?
[8] Toledo has 12 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight.
[15] Murcia has 4 knight.
[13] Teruel has 1 knight.
[16] Valencia has 1 knight.
I want to attack [11] Cordoba (def 48).
To attack Cordoba, I can send troops from [15] Murcia and [8] Toledo.
Wait, [15] Murcia is connected to [11] Cordoba.
[8] Toledo is connected to [11] Cordoba.
If I send troops from [15] Murcia to [11] Cordoba, they will march along the road [15] -> [11].
If I send troops from [8] Toledo to [11] Cordoba, they will march [8] -> [11].
Let's check the travel times:
[15] Murcia to [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
[8] Toledo to [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
So they will arrive next turn.
What troops should I send?
From [15] Murcia: I have 4 knight. I can send them to [11] Cordoba.
From [8] Toledo: I have 12 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. I can send some spearman and the archer.
Wait, if I send troops from Toledo, they will leave Toledo. Toledo is a very strong village (defense 38). But it's a border village facing Badajoz, Cordoba, Madrid. If I leave it empty, it might be attacked. But I can leave some troops there, or send reinforcements from elsewhere.
Actually, Toledo has 15 troops. I can send, say, 6 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight to Cordoba, leaving 6 spearman in Toledo.
Let's look at the attack on Cordoba:
If I send 4 knight from Murcia, and 6 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight from Toledo.
Total attackers: 6 spearman, 1 archer, 6 knight.
Most numerous: spearman (6) vs knight (6) vs archer (1). Tie between spearman and knight. "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight". So spearman is the most numerous type.
Enemy in Cordoba: 16 spearmen, 3 archers. Most numerous: spearman.
So spearman vs spearman: no counter.
Attacker force: spearman 6 * 1 = 6. archer 1 * 2 = 2. knight 6 * 4 = 24. Total attack = 32.
Defender force: 16 spearmen * 2 = 32. 3 archers * 2 = 6. Total defense = 38. Plus location bonus (effective defense 48).
So defender force = 48.
Attacker force = 32. Defender wins.

What if I make archers the most numerous type?
If I send more archers.
But I only have 1 archer in Toledo, and I am building 3 in Murcia, 2 in Valencia, etc. They won't be ready this turn.
Wait, can I send the 1 archer from Toledo, and some spearman, and knights?
If I send 1 archer, 10 spearman, 2 knight.
Most numerous: spearman (10). Still spearman.
To make archer the most numerous, I need more archers than spearman and knight. But I don't have enough archers ready yet.
So for this turn, attacking Cordoba might be premature unless I have a huge force.
Wait, what about [13] Teruel? It faces [17] Zaragoza.
[13] Teruel has 1 knight. I can send it to [17] Zaragoza or keep it.
What about [16] Valencia? It has 1 knight. I can send it to [15] Murcia or [13] Teruel.

Let's look at the overall plan.
I need to expand.
The easiest target is [19] Pamplona. Sending 2 knights from Huesca to Pamplona is a guaranteed win (or very high chance) and conquers a village.
Let's check if there are other easy targets.
[17] Zaragoza has defense 25. If I gather troops from Tarragona, Girona, Barcelona, Castellon, I can attack it.
Let's calculate the force if I send all available troops from the north to Zaragoza:
From [21] Tarragona: 6 spearman, 2 knight.
From [23] Girona: 2 spearman, 2 knight (if I don't send them to Huesca).
From [22] Barcelona: 2 spearman.
From [18] Castellon: 2 spearman.
Total: 12 spearman, 6 knight.
Attack: 12 * 1 + 6 * 4 = 36.
Defender: Zaragoza has defense 25 (effective defense).
If I attack with spearman as most numerous (12 vs 6), and defender has spearman as most numerous (8 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight), no counter.
Attacker force = 36. Defender force = 25.
36 > 25, so I win!
But wait, "The LOSER is destroyed entirely - this includes an attacker that fails against a village. The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force".
If I win, I lose some troops, but I conquer Zaragoza!
Let's check the travel times to Zaragoza:
From [21] Tarragona: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
From [23] Girona: Girona -> Huesca -> Zaragoza? Or Girona -> Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza?
Let's check the road network:
[23] Girona is connected to [20] Huesca and [22] Barcelona.
[20] Huesca is connected to [17] Zaragoza and [19] Pamplona.
So from Girona to Zaragoza: Girona -> Huesca -> Zaragoza.
Travel time: Girona to Huesca is 1 turn. Huesca to Zaragoza is 1 turn. Total 2 turns.
From [22] Barcelona to Zaragoza: Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza. Tarragona to Zaragoza is 1 turn. Barcelona to Tarragona is 1 turn. Total 2 turns.
From [18] Castellon to Zaragoza: Castellon -> Tarragona -> Zaragoza. Total 2 turns.
So if I send them now, they will arrive in 2 turns (on Turn 26).
But wait, "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination."
The path from Girona to Zaragoza goes through [20] Huesca. Huesca is MY village! So the army will NOT stop at Huesca, it will pass through it and continue to Zaragoza.
Wait, "The same rule protects your INTERIOR villages (no enemy neighbour): every road into one of them passes through another of your villages, where an enemy army stops and fights. An interior village can only be attacked after the enemy has taken one of your villages next to it, which can happen earlier in the same turn."
But for MY troops, they march along the road network. Do they stop at my own villages?
"You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements."
If I order them to go to Zaragoza, they will march Girona -> Huesca -> Zaragoza. Since Huesca is mine, they just pass through it. They don't stop unless they meet an enemy army on the road.
Is there an enemy army on the road between Huesca and Zaragoza? No.
So they will reach Zaragoza in 2 turns.
What about Tarragona to Zaragoza? Tarragona is connected to [17] Zaragoza directly. So 1 turn!
Wait, the report says: "[21] Tarragona ... from here to your nearest border village [21] Tarragona: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" - wait, that's Barcelona to Tarragona.
Let's look at the FRONT MAP:
"[21] Tarragona with 8 troops at home faces: [17] Zaragoza (ENEMY...)"
And under [21] Tarragona: "from here to your nearest border village [21] Tarragona: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" - that's from Barcelona.
But Tarragona is directly connected to Zaragoza. So from Tarragona to Zaragoza is 1 turn.
Let's check the road network:
[21] Tarragona: [17], [18], [22]. Yes, [17] is Zaragoza. So Tarragona to Zaragoza is 1 turn.
So troops from Tarragona will arrive next turn (Turn 25).
Troops from Barcelona, Girona, Castellon will arrive in 2 turns (Turn 26).
If I send them all to Zaragoza, they will arrive at different times!
"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
Ah! This is a crucial rule!
"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So I cannot combine Barcelona's troops and Tarragona's troops into one big army to attack Zaragoza. They will fight as separate armies!
This means I must send a single, powerful army from one village, or attack with multiple waves that fight one at a time.
Wait, if they fight one at a time, the first army to arrive will fight the garrison. If it wins, it conquers the village, and the surviving troops become the new garrison. Then the second army arrives and fights the new garrison (which is my own troops!). But "Your own armies never fight each other: they pass freely."
Wait, if the first army conquers Zaragoza, the second army arriving will just join the garrison. But if the first army loses, it is destroyed, and the second army will fight the original garrison (or whatever is left).
But to conquer a village, I need to defeat its garrison. If I send a weak army first, it will be destroyed, and the garrison will lose some troops, then the second army fights.
But it's much better to send ONE large army from a single village.
How can I get a large army in one village?
By reinforcing that village from other villages in previous turns!
For example, I can send troops from Barcelona, Girona, Castellon to Tarragona this turn. They will arrive next turn (Turn 25). Then on Turn 25, Tarragona will have a huge army, and I can send them all to Zaragoza on Turn 25, arriving on Turn 26.
Let's calculate this:
Turn 24 (now):
- Send 2 spearman from Barcelona to Tarragona.
- Send 2 spearman from Castellon to Tarragona.
- Send 2 spearman, 2 knight from Girona to Huesca (or Tarragona? Girona to Tarragona goes through Barcelona? Girona -> Barcelona -> Tarragona. That's 2 turns. Girona -> Huesca -> Zaragoza is 2 turns).
If I send Girona's troops to Tarragona, they will take 2 turns.
If I send them to Huesca, they take 1 turn (Girona -> Huesca is 1 turn).
Let's look at the road: [23] Girona is connected to [20] Huesca and [22] Barcelona.
So Girona to Huesca is 1 turn. Girona to Barcelona is 1 turn.
If I send Girona's troops to Huesca, they arrive next turn.
If I send Barcelona's troops to Tarragona, they arrive next turn.
If I send Castellon's troops to Tarragona, they arrive next turn.
Then on Turn 25:
Tarragona will have: original 6 spearman, 2 knight + 2 spearman (from Barcelona) + 2 spearman (from Castellon) + 2 archers (built this turn) = 10 spearman, 2 knight, 2 archers.
Huesca will have: original 2 knight + 2 spearman, 2 knight (from Girona) + 2 archers (built this turn) = 2 spearman, 4 knight, 2 archers.
Then on Turn 25, I can send Tarragona's big army to Zaragoza (arrives Turn 26).
And Huesca's army to Pamplona (arrives Turn 27) or Zaragoza (Huesca -> Zaragoza is 1 turn, so if sent on Turn 25, arrives Turn 26).
Wait, if I send Huesca's army to Zaragoza on Turn 25, they arrive Turn 26. But Tarragona's army also arrives Turn 26. They would fight separately!
So I should focus on one main attack.
Let's look at the southern front.
[8] Toledo has 12 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight.
[15] Murcia has 4 knight.
[13] Teruel has 1 knight.
[16] Valencia has 1 knight.
Can I send troops from Valencia and Teruel to Murcia or Toledo to build up a big army?
Valencia to Murcia: [16] Valencia is connected to [13] Teruel, [15] Murcia, [18] Castellon.
So Valencia to Murcia is 1 turn.
Teruel to Murcia: [13] Teruel is connected to [8] Toledo, [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon. Not directly to Murcia!
Wait, road network:
[13] Teruel: [8], [16], [17], [18].
[15] Murcia: [11], [16].
So Teruel to Murcia goes through Valencia ([13] -> [16] -> [15]). That's 2 turns.
Toledo to Cordoba: [8] -> [11]. 1 turn.
Murcia to Cordoba: [15] -> [11]. 1 turn.
If I want to attack Cordoba, I can send troops from Valencia to Murcia this turn (arrives Turn 25). Then on Turn 25, send Murcia's army to Cordoba (arrives Turn 26).
Let's see: Valencia has 1 knight. Send to Murcia.
Murcia will have 4 knight + 1 knight = 5 knight, plus the 3 archers built this turn.
Toledo has 12 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. I can send some to Cordoba directly this turn (arrives Turn 25).
If I send 6 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight from Toledo to Cordoba, they arrive Turn 25 and fight the garrison.
If I also send 5 knight from Murcia to Cordoba on Turn 25, they arrive Turn 26 and fight the new garrison (which might be my own troops if Toledo won, or the enemy if Toledo lost).
This is a sequential attack, which is good for wearing down the defenses.

Let's look at the most efficient way to win.
I need 9 more villages.
The enemy villages are:
[17] Zaragoza (def 25)
[19] Pamplona (def 5)
[11] Cordoba (def 48)
[12] Madrid (def 50)
[4] Badajoz (def 75)
[14] Burgos (def ?)
[7] Salamanca (def ?)
[0] Lisboa (def ?)
[1] Santarem (def ?)
[2] Evora (def ?)
[3] Coimbra (def ?)
[5] Faro (def ?)
[6] Porto (def ?)
[9] Sevilha (def ?)
[10] Vigo (def ?)

The ones I can see and their defenses:
Pamplona: 5 (very weak!)
Zaragoza: 25
Cordoba: 48
Madrid: 50
Badajoz: 75

Pamplona is extremely weak. I should definitely conquer it.
To conquer Pamplona, I can send the 2 knights from Huesca to Pamplona this turn. They will arrive next turn and conquer it.
Let's do that:
`{"fromId": 20, "toId": 19, "troops": {"knight": 2}}`

What about Zaragoza? It has defense 25.
If I send all troops from Tarragona to Zaragoza this turn:
Tarragona has 6 spearman, 2 knight.
Attack: 6 * 1 + 2 * 4 = 14.
Defender: 25.
14 < 25, so I would lose.
I need to reinforce Tarragona first.
I can send 2 spearman from Barcelona to Tarragona, and 2 spearman from Castellon to Tarragona.
They arrive next turn.
Then Tarragona will have 10 spearman, 2 knight. Attack = 10 + 8 = 18. Still less than 25.
I also build 2 archers in Tarragona this turn. They will be ready next turn.
So on Turn 25, Tarragona will have 10 spearman, 2 knight, 2 archers.
If I send them all to Zaragoza on Turn 25, they arrive Turn 26.
Attack: 10 spearman (10) + 2 knight (8) + 2 archers (4) = 22. Still less than 25!
Wait, if I send them, the most numerous is spearman (10). Defender has spearman (8). No counter.
But 22 is still less than 25.
I need more troops in Tarragona.
Can I send troops from Girona to Tarragona?
Girona to Tarragona: Girona -> Barcelona -> Tarragona (2 turns). Or Girona -> Huesca -> Zaragoza -> Tarragona? No, Tarragona is connected to Zaragoza, but Zaragoza is enemy, so I can't go through it.
So Girona to Tarragona is 2 turns. If I send them now, they arrive Turn 26.
If I send them to Huesca (1 turn), they arrive Turn 25. Then from Huesca to Zaragoza is 1 turn, so they can attack Zaragoza on Turn 26.
But as I said, troops from different villages fight separately.
So if I send Girona's troops to Huesca, and Huesca's troops to Zaragoza, they fight separately.
To combine them, I must send them to the same village and then order them together.
So:
Turn 24: Send Girona's troops to Huesca. (Arrives Turn 25).
Turn 25: Huesca has its own troops + Girona's troops. Send them all to Zaragoza. (Arrives Turn 26).
Let's calculate Huesca's army on Turn 25:
Original: 2 knight.
Reinforcements from Girona: 2 spearman, 2 knight.
Built this turn: 2 archers.
Total on Turn 25: 2 spearman, 4 knight, 2 archers.
If I send them all to Zaragoza on Turn 25, they arrive Turn 26.
Attack: 2 spearman (2) + 4 knight (16) + 2 archers (4) = 22.
Most numerous: knight (4). Defender has spearman (8). Spearman counters knight!
So defender gets 1.5x multiplier on their force.
Defender force = 25 * 1.5 = 37.5.
Attacker force = 22. Defender wins easily.

What if I send archers to make archers the most numerous?
I need more archers.
Let's look at the build orders. I can build many archers this turn.
But they won't be ready until next turn.
Can I build archers in Tarragona and send them?
If I build 2 archers in Tarragona, they are ready next turn.
If I also send 2 spearman from Barcelona and 2 spearman from Castellon to Tarragona, they arrive next turn.
So on Turn 25, Tarragona has: 6 spearman, 2 knight (original) + 2 spearman (Barcelona) + 2 spearman (Castellon) + 2 archers (built) = 10 spearman, 2 knight, 2 archers.
If I send them to Zaragoza, most numerous is spearman (10). No counter. Attack = 10 + 8 + 4 = 22. Defender = 25. Lose.

What if I send some spearman from Tarragona to Huesca?
No, that reduces Tarragona's force.
I need to gather more troops overall.
Let's look at my total troops:
I have 39 soldiers at home (24 spearman, 1 archer, 14 knight).
That's a lot of troops! But they are spread across 9 villages.
If I concentrate them on one village, I can win.
Let's see which village is the best hub for attacking the north.
Tarragona is connected to Zaragoza (1 turn).
Huesca is connected to Zaragoza (1 turn) and Pamplona (2 turns).
If I concentrate troops on Tarragona and Huesca.
Let's look at the road network again.
[21] Tarragona: [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [22] Barcelona.
[20] Huesca: [17] Zaragoza, [19] Pamplona, [23] Girona.
So Tarragona and Huesca are the two main launchpads for the north.
If I want to attack Zaragoza, I can attack from Tarragona OR Huesca, but not both at the same time effectively (they fight separately).
So I should choose one main launchpad.
Let's choose Tarragona.
To make Tarragona strong, I need to send troops there.
From Barcelona: 2 spearman. (1 turn)
From Castellon: 2 spearman. (1 turn)
From Girona: Girona -> Barcelona -> Tarragona (2 turns). Or Girona -> Huesca -> Zaragoza -> Tarragona (no, Zaragoza is enemy).
So Girona to Tarragona is 2 turns.
If I send Girona's troops to Tarragona now, they arrive Turn 26.
What about Huesca? I can send Huesca's troops to Tarragona? Huesca -> Zaragoza -> Tarragona (no, Zaragoza is enemy). Huesca -> Girona -> Barcelona -> Tarragona (3 turns). Too long.
So Huesca cannot easily reinforce Tarragona.
But Huesca can attack Pamplona (2 turns) or Zaragoza (1 turn).
If I use Huesca to attack Pamplona, that's great because Pamplona is very weak.
Let's send the 2 knights from Huesca to Pamplona. They will conquer it.
And I can send Girona's troops to Huesca to defend it or prepare for another attack.
Let's look at the southern front.
[8] Toledo is connected to [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [4] Badajoz, [13] Teruel.
Toledo is a very strong hub. It has 12 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight.
I can send troops from Teruel and Valencia to Toledo?
Teruel to Toledo: [13] -> [8]. 1 turn.
Valencia to Toledo: [16] -> [13] -> [8]. 2 turns.
Or Valencia to Murcia: [16] -> [15]. 1 turn.
Murcia is connected to Cordoba ([15] -> [11]).
So Murcia is a launchpad for Cordoba.
Toledo is a launchpad for Cordoba, Madrid, Badajoz.
If I want to attack Cordoba, I can use Toledo and Murcia.
Let's send Valencia's 1 knight to Murcia. Murcia will have 5 knight.
Let's send Teruel's 1 knight to Toledo? Or keep it.
Actually, let's look at the resources and builds.
I have a lot of wood and iron. I should build as many troops as possible this turn.
Let's list the build orders I want to make:
- [15] Murcia: build 3 archers. (Cost: 60 wood, 30 iron).
- [8] Toledo: build 1 archer. (Cost: 20 wood, 10 iron).
- [16] Valencia: build 2 archers. (Cost: 40 wood, 20 iron).
- [21] Tarragona: build 2 archers. (Cost: 40 wood, 20 iron).
- [23] Girona: build 2 archers. (Cost: 40 wood, 20 iron).
- [20] Huesca: build 2 archers. (Cost: 40 wood, 20 iron).
- [13] Teruel: build 1 archer. (Cost: 20 wood, 10 iron).
- [22] Barcelona: build 1 archer. (Cost: 20 wood, 10 iron).
- [18] Castellon: build 1 archer. (Cost: 20 wood, 10 iron).

Wait, do I have enough capacity? "Cap per village: when the NUMBER of troops at home reaches 300, that village STOPS building". None of my villages are close to 300. So no issue.

Let's double check the resource costs and availability for each village:
- [22] Barcelona: wood 30, iron 60. Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Remaining: wood 10, iron 50.
- [21] Tarragona: wood 60, iron 20. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Remaining: wood 20, iron 0.
- [23] Girona: wood 60, iron 20. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Remaining: wood 20, iron 0.
- [18] Castellon: wood 30, iron 60. Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Remaining: wood 10, iron 50.
- [20] Huesca: wood 60, iron 20. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Remaining: wood 20, iron 0.
- [16] Valencia: wood 40, iron 70. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron). Remaining: wood 0, iron 50.
- [13] Teruel: wood 30, iron 40. Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Remaining: wood 10, iron 30.
- [15] Murcia: wood 60, iron 140. Build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Remaining: wood 0, iron 110.
- [8] Toledo: wood 30, iron 120. Build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron). Remaining: wood 10, iron 110.

This is a massive archer production! Total archers built: 1 + 2 + 2 + 1 + 2 + 2 + 1 + 3 + 1 = 15 archers!
With 15 new archers, my army will have a huge number of archers, making archers the most numerous type in any army I field. This will give me the 1.5x counter bonus against the enemy's spearman-heavy garrisons. This is a brilliant strategy.

Let's plan the movements for this turn.
I want to:
1. Conquer [19] Pamplona.
   - Send 2 knights from [20] Huesca to [19] Pamplona.
   - Reinforce Huesca: Send 2 spearman, 2 knight from [23] Girona to [20] Huesca.
2. Prepare the northern front (Tarragona/Zaragoza):
   - Send 2 spearman from [22] Barcelona to [21] Tarragona.
   - Send 2 spearman from [18] Castellon to [21] Tarragona.
   - This reinforces Tarragona for a future attack on Zaragoza.
3. Prepare the southern front (Toledo/Cordoba):
   - Send 1 knight from [16] Valencia to [15] Murcia. (Murcia will have 5 knight + 3 archers next turn).
   - Send some troops from [8] Toledo to [11] Cordoba?
     Toledo has 12 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight.
     If I send 6 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight to Cordoba, they will attack next turn.
     Let's check if I should do that. Cordoba has defense 48.
     Attacker force: 6 spearman (6) + 1 archer (2) + 2 knight (8) = 16.
     Defender force: 48. I would lose badly.
     So I should NOT attack Cordoba yet. I should wait for the archers to be built and concentrated.
     Instead, I can send troops from Toledo to Madrid? Madrid has defense 50, even harder.
     What about Badajoz? Defense 75, very hard.
     So I should just build up Toledo and Murcia, and wait for the right moment to attack Cordoba.
     I can send the 1 knight from [13] Teruel to [8] Toledo to reinforce it.
     Let's check the road: [13] Teruel to [8] Toledo is 1 turn.
     So send 1 knight from Teruel to Toledo.
     Toledo will have 12 spearman, 1 archer, 3 knight.

Let's review the movements:
- [20] Huesca -> [19] Pamplona: 2 knight. (Conquer Pamplona)
- [23] Girona -> [20] Huesca: 2 spearman, 2 knight. (Reinforce Huesca)
- [22] Barcelona -> [21] Tarragona: 2 spearman. (Reinforce Tarragona)
- [18] Castellon -> [21] Tarragona: 2 spearman. (Reinforce Tarragona)
- [16] Valencia -> [15] Murcia: 1 knight. (Reinforce Murcia)
- [13] Teruel -> [8] Toledo: 1 knight. (Reinforce Toledo)

Let's check if there are any other movements.
What about [15] Murcia? It has 4 knight. Should I send them to Cordoba?
If I send 4 knight to Cordoba, attack = 16. Defender = 48. Total loss. Don't do it.
What about [8] Toledo? It has 12 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. If I send them to Cordoba, attack = 12 + 2 + 8 = 22. Defender = 48. Loss.
So I should keep them in their villages to defend and wait for reinforcements.

Let's check the plan (campaign) text.
"Focus on expanding the southern and central fronts. Send knights from Valencia to conquer Murcia, and from Teruel to conquer Zaragoza, the enemy hub. Reinforce Tarragona with spearmen from Barcelona and Castellon to secure the northern flank. Build knights and spearmen across all villages to maintain momentum and prepare for the next push towards Madrid and Cordoba."
The plan from last turn is still somewhat relevant, but the map has changed (I already conquered Murcia). I need to update it.
New plan:
"Conquer Pamplona with knights from Huesca to expand the northern flank. Reinforce Tarragona with spearmen from Barcelona and Castellon, and Huesca with troops from Girona, to prepare for the push on Zaragoza. On the southern front, build archers in Murcia, Valencia, and Toledo, and reinforce them with knights from Valencia and Teruel. Focus on archer production to counter the enemy's spearman-heavy garrisons, preparing for the assault on Cordoba."

Let's check the statement text.
"Ordered the conquest of Pamplona with knights from Huesca. Reinforced Tarragona and Huesca with spearmen and knights from rear villages. Built 15 archers across all villages to prepare for the next major push, focusing on countering the enemy's spearman garrisons."

Let's double check the JSON format.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 16, "type": "archer", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 13, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1},
    {"villageId": 15, "type": "archer", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 8, "type": "archer", "quantity": 1}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 20, "toId": 19, "troops": {"knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 23, "toId": 20, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 22, "toId": 21, "troops": {"spearman": 2}},
    {"fromId": 18, "toId": 21, "troops": {"spearman": 2}},
    {"fromId": 16, "toId": 15, "troops": {"knight": 1}},
    {"fromId": 13, "toId": 8, "troops": {"knight": 1}}
  ],
  "plan": "Conquer Pamplona with knights from Huesca to expand the northern flank. Reinforce Tarragona with spearmen from Barcelona and Castellon, and Huesca with troops from Girona, to prepare for the push on Zaragoza. On the southern front, build archers in Murcia, Valencia, and Toledo, and reinforce them with knights from Valencia and Teruel. Focus on archer production to counter the enemy's spearman-heavy garrisons, preparing for the assault on Cordoba.",
  "statement": "Ordered the conquest of Pamplona with knights from Huesca. Reinforced Tarragona and Huesca with spearmen and knights from rear villages. Built 15 archers across all villages to prepare for the next major push, focusing on countering the enemy's spearman garrisons."
}

Let's verify the village IDs and troop counts.
Villages:
- [22] Barcelona: 2 spearman. Send 2 spearman to [21] Tarragona. Correct.
- [21] Tarragona: 6 spearman, 2 knight. Build 2 archers. Correct.
- [23] Girona: 2 spearman, 2 knight. Send 2 spearman, 2 knight to [20] Huesca. Build 2 archers. Correct.
- [18] Castellon: 2 spearman. Send 2 spearman to [21] Tarragona. Build 1 archer. Correct.
- [20] Huesca: 2 knight. Send 2 knight to [19] Pamplona. Build 2 archers. Correct.
- [16] Valencia: 1 knight. Send 1 knight to [15] Murcia. Build 2 archers. Correct.
- [13] Teruel: 1 knight. Send 1 knight to [8] Toledo. Build 1 archer. Correct.
- [15] Murcia: 4 knight. Build 3 archers. Correct.
- [8] Toledo: 12 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. Build 1 archer. Correct.

Let's check if the troops sent from Girona to Huesca will arrive and leave Huesca empty if I send the 2 knights from Huesca to Pamplona.
Yes, the orders are simultaneous.
On Turn 24:
- I order Girona to send 2 spearman, 2 knight to Huesca.
- I order Huesca to send 2 knight to Pamplona.
The game engine processes these simultaneously.
The troops from Girona start marching to Huesca. The troops from Huesca start marching to Pamplona.
Huesca's garrison at the start of the turn was 2 knight. They are sent to Pamplona.
The reinforcements from Girona will arrive at Huesca at the end of the turn (or during the turn, but after the orders are placed).
So Huesca will have the reinforcements from Girona when the turn resolves.
This is standard in these games: you can send reinforcements from A to B, and send troops from B to C, as long as B has enough troops to send at the start of the turn.
Wait, "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." and "Do not send troops a village does not have."
Does Huesca have 2 knight to send? Yes, it has 2 knight at home.
Does Girona have 2 spearman, 2 knight to send? Yes, it has them.
Does Barcelona have 2 spearman to send? Yes.
Does Castellon have 2 spearman to send? Yes.
Does Valencia have 1 knight to send? Yes.
Does Teruel have 1 knight to send? Yes.
So all movements are valid.

Let's check the combat for Pamplona:
2 knight attack vs 2 spearmen defense (effective defense 5).
Attacker force: 2 * 4 = 8.
Defender force: 5 (including location bonus).
Counter: Defender has spearman, attacker has knight. Spearman counters knight, so defender force is multiplied by 1.5.
Defender force = 5 * 1.5 = 7.5.
Attacker force = 8.
8 > 7.5, so attacker wins.
The loser (defender) is destroyed entirely (the 2 spearmen are gone).
The winner (attacker) loses troops worth half of the loser's effective force (7.5 / 2 = 3.75).
Since the attacker only has knights, how is 3.75 loss distributed?
Usually, it loses some knights. 3.75 / 4 (attack of knight) ≈ 1 knight lost, or maybe some fraction. But even if it loses 1 or 2 knights, the remaining knights (at least 0, but likely 1 or 2) will stay in Pamplona as the new garrison.
Wait, "The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself."
If the winner loses 3.75 worth of troops, and only has knights (value 4 attack, or maybe defense 2? Usually it's based on some cost or attack/defense value). Let's assume it loses 1 knight. 1 knight remains in Pamplona.
So Pamplona is conquered! This is a great result.

Let's check if there are any other constraints.
"Reply with ONE valid JSON object and nothing else - no text before or after it."
I will output only the JSON.

Let's review the plan and statement to ensure they are in English and meet the length requirements.
Plan: "Conquer Pamplona with knights from Huesca to expand the northern flank. Reinforce Tarragona with spearmen from Barcelona and Castellon, and Huesca with troops from Girona, to prepare for the push on Zaragoza. On the southern front, build archers in Murcia, Valencia, and Toledo, and reinforce them with knights from Valencia and Teruel. Focus on archer production to counter the enemy's spearman-heavy garrisons, preparing for the assault on Cordoba."
This is 2 to 6 lines (it's 4 lines). Under 600 characters.
Statement: "Ordered the conquest of Pamplona with knights from Huesca. Reinforced Tarragona and Huesca with spearmen and knights from rear villages. Built 15 archers across all villages to prepare for the next major push, focusing on countering the enemy's spearman garrisons."
This is 2 to 4 lines (3 lines).

Everything looks solid. I am ready to generate the response.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"arqueiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":20,"destinoId":19,"tropas":{"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":23,"destinoId":20,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":22,"destinoId":21,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2}},{"origemId":18,"destinoId":21,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2}},{"origemId":16,"destinoId":15,"tropas":{"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":13,"destinoId":8,"tropas":{"cavaleiro":1}}]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [22]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [21]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [21]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [23]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [23]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [18]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [20]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [20]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [16]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [16]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [13]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [15]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [15]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [15]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [8]
ACEITO envio [20]->[19]: 2K
ACEITO envio [23]->[20]: 2S+2K
ACEITO envio [22]->[21]: 2S
ACEITO envio [18]->[21]: 2S
ACEITO envio [16]->[15]: 1K
ACEITO envio [13]->[8]: 1K
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Conquer Pamplona with knights from Huesca to expand the northern flank. Reinforce Tarragona with spearmen from Barcelona and Castellon, and Huesca with troops from Girona, to prepare for the push on Zaragoza. On the southern front, build archers in Murcia, Valencia, and Toledo, and reinforce them with knights from Valencia and Teruel. Focus on archer production to counter the enemy's spearman-heavy garrisons, preparing for the assault on Cordoba.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): Ordered the conquest of Pamplona with knights from Huesca. Reinforced Tarragona and Huesca with spearmen and knights from rear villages. Built 15 archers across all villages to prepare for the next major push, focusing on countering the enemy's spearman garrisons.
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono A: 8S
COMBATE [15] Murcia: atacante B Fatk=24 (ef 24) Fdef=8 (ef 15) vant=-1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~8
COMBATE [17] Zaragoza: atacante B Fatk=24 (ef 24) Fdef=26 (ef 49) vant=-1 -> vence defensor | baixas~6
REFORCO [21] Tarragona dono B: 4S
REFORCO [21] Tarragona dono B: 2S
placar: A 15 ald/tropas 230 | B 9 ald/tropas 27 | neutras 0 | transito 10 (A 4 | B 6)

########## TURNO 25 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4739 | resposta 10674 | raciocinio 7595 | finish stop | ms 131101
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 7, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 9, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 10, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 11, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 12, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 14, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 15, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 17, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 4, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 1}},\n    {\"fromId\": 15, \"toId\": 16, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 6, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 19, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 10, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 12, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 10, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 14, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 9, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"We are focusing on conquering Teruel and Valencia to reach the 18-village victory threshold. Our first wave to Teruel arrives tomorrow, and we are sending a second wave from Zaragoza. We are sending all of Murcia's troops to attack Valencia. To prepare for the northern campaign, we are moving all available troops from Pamplona, Madrid, and Burgos to Zaragoza to create a massive strike force. We are building 2 spearman in every village to replenish our losses and grow our army.\",\n  \"statement\": \"We have successfully conquered Murcia, bringing our total to 16 villages. With the victory threshold of 18 villages in sight, we are launching a coordinated double offensive: sending all of Murcia's troops to attack Valencia, while our first wave to Teruel arrives tomorrow. To ensure we have the manpower for the next phase, we are building 2 spearman in every single village and concentrating our northern reserves into Zaragoza to prepare for the push into the enemy heartland.\"\n}"
raciocinio: We are King A. The current turn is 25.
Let's analyze the state of the game:
We have 16 villages. We need 18 to win (75% of 24).
The enemy capital is Barcelona [22], which is not required to win.
The enemy villages are:
[8] Toledo (garrison: 12 spearmen, 2 archers, 3 knights, defense 43)
[13] Teruel (garrison: 1 archer, defense 3)
[16] Valencia (garrison: 2 archers, defense 5)
[20] Huesca (garrison: 2 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights, defense 13)
[21] Tarragona (garrison: 10 spearmen, 2 archers, 2 knights, defense 35)
[18] Castellon (last seen: enemy, 10 knights)
[22] Barcelona (enemy capital, unknown garrison)
[23] Girona (unexplored, presumably enemy or neutral? Wait, the game has 24 villages total. Let's count them:
Yours: 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10, 11, 12, 14, 15, 17, 19 (16 villages)
Enemy/Neutral: 8, 13, 16, 18, 20, 21, 22, 23 (8 villages). Total 24.
So all 8 non-yours are enemy/neutral. Since the enemy is King B, and we see Toledo, Teruel, Valencia, Huesca, Tarragona, Castellon as enemy, the remaining Barcelona and Girona are also likely enemy or at least we need to conquer them or others to reach 18.
Wait, we currently hold 16. We need 18. So we need to conquer 2 more villages.
Let's look at the easiest ones to conquer:
[13] Teruel: garrison 1 archer, defense 3. We have troops marching to it: 4 spearmen, 1 archer from [17] Zaragoza, arriving in 1 turn.
[16] Valencia: garrison 2 archers, defense 5. March from [15] Murcia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
[20] Huesca: garrison 2 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights, defense 13. March from [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
Wait, we attacked Huesca last turn and were defeated. We should send more troops to Huesca or Teruel or Valencia.
Let's look at our available troops and villages:
We have troops at home in various villages.
Let's see if we can send troops from nearby villages to attack Teruel, Valencia, or Huesca.
From [17] Zaragoza: we have 4 spearman, 1 archer marching to [13] Teruel (arrives in 1 turn). At home in Zaragoza: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight (total 5). Also, Zaragoza has 4 spearmen, 1 archer already marching out.
From [15] Murcia: 6 spearman, 1 archer at home. Nearest border is [16] Valencia. March from Murcia to Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
From [19] Pamplona: 10 spearman at home. Nearest border is [20] Huesca. March from Pamplona to Huesca via [17] Zaragoza? Let's check the road network:
[19] Pamplona is connected to [14], [17], [20].
So from Pamplona to Huesca [20] is directly connected: [19] -> [20]. Let's check the road network:
[19] Pamplona: [14], [17], [20]. Yes! Direct road to [20] Huesca.
March from [19] Pamplona to [20] Huesca: let's check the distance. The report says: "[20] Huesca ... march from [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". It doesn't give the distance from [19] Pamplona, but since they are connected, it's probably 1 or 2 turns.
Let's check [14] Burgos: connected to [10], [12], [19].
Let's check [12] Madrid: connected to [7], [8], [14], [17].
Let's look at the enemy villages and their defenses:
[13] Teruel: defense 3 (1 archer). We are sending 4 spearmen, 1 archer. This should easily conquer it. Wait, if we send more, we can secure it. Can we send from [12] Madrid or [17] Zaragoza?
In [17] Zaragoza, we have 4 spearman, 1 knight at home. We can send them to [13] Teruel as well, or to [20] Huesca.
Let's look at the enemy's reinforcements:
"A reinforcement of King B (2 spearmen, 2 knights) arrived at [20] Huesca"
"A reinforcement of King B (2 spearmen) arrived at [21] Tarragona"
"A reinforcement of King B (1 knight) arrived at [8] Toledo"
So Huesca now has 2 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights (plus the reinforcement of 2 spearmen, 2 knights? Wait, the garrison listed is "2 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights", which might already include the reinforcement, or maybe the reinforcement is what made it that).
Let's check the garrison of [20] Huesca: "garrison: 2 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights". This is the current garrison.
Let's look at [13] Teruel: "garrison: 1 archer". Very weak! We should definitely take it. Our marching troops (4 spearmen, 1 archer) will arrive next turn. Can we send more from [17] Zaragoza or [12] Madrid?
In [17] Zaragoza, we have 4 spearman, 1 knight. We can send them to [13] Teruel. March from [17] to [13] is 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
In [12] Madrid, we have 21 spearman, 3 archer. Madrid is connected to [17] and [8]. To attack [13] Teruel, we'd have to go through [17] or [8]. But [8] Toledo is enemy, so we can't march through it unless we conquer it. We can march from [12] Madrid to [17] Zaragoza (which is ours) and then to [13] Teruel. But that takes time.
What about attacking [16] Valencia from [15] Murcia?
Murcia has 6 spearman, 1 archer. Valencia has 2 archers (defense 5).
If we send 6 spearman, 1 archer from Murcia to Valencia:
Attack power: spearman attack 1, archer attack 2. Total attack = 6*1 + 1*2 = 8.
Defender: 2 archers. Defense of archer is 2. Location bonus: village defense x1.25. Effective defense is 5 (already includes bonus, as the report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 5"). So defender effective defense is 5 (or is it 2 archers * 2 defense * 1.25 = 5? Yes, 2 * 2 * 1.25 = 5).
Our attack is 8. Since we have more spearmen (6) than archers (1), the most numerous type is spearman. No counter bonus (spearman vs archer: archer counters spearman, so the defender has the counter bonus? Wait, the rules say: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5. The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
Our most numerous type is spearman (6). Defender's most numerous type is archer (2). Archer counters spearman. So the DEFENDER has the counter bonus!
Wait, "Having the counter multiplies your force by 1.5." Does "your force" mean the side that has the counter? Yes, the side whose most numerous type counters the other side's most numerous type gets a 1.5 multiplier to their force.
Let's calculate the effective force:
Our attack force: 6 spearman (attack 1) + 1 archer (attack 2) = 8. Our most numerous is spearman.
Defender: 2 archers (defense 2). Most numerous is archer.
Archer counters spearman. So the defender has the counter bonus.
Defender effective force: 2 archers * 2 defense * 1.25 (location) * 1.5 (counter) = 7.5? Or is the effective defense 5, and then multiplied by 1.5? "The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again."
So the effective defense of 2 archers is 5.
With counter bonus, defender's force is 5 * 1.5 = 7.5.
Our attack force is 8. 8 > 7.5, so we win, but with very high losses.
Wait, can we send knights? We don't have many knights.
Let's look at [13] Teruel: 1 archer, effective defense 3.
Our marching troops: 4 spearmen, 1 archer.
Our most numerous: spearman (4). Defender: archer (1). Archer counters spearman, so defender gets counter bonus.
Defender effective defense: 3. With counter: 3 * 1.5 = 4.5.
Our attack: 4 spearman (attack 1) + 1 archer (attack 2) = 6.
6 > 4.5, so we win.
But if we send more troops, we can reduce our losses and secure the village.
Let's see what we can build.
We have resources:
[0] Lisboa: wood 30, iron 290. Can build knights (30 wood, 30 iron) or archers (20 wood, 10 iron) or spearman (15 wood).
[1] Santarem: wood 30, iron 310.
[2] Evora: wood 30, iron 370.
[3] Coimbra: wood 30, iron 340.
[4] Badajoz: wood 40, iron 280.
[5] Faro: wood 30, iron 340.
[6] Porto: wood 30, iron 290.
[7] Salamanca: wood 30, iron 190.
[10] Vigo: wood 30, iron 260.
[9] Sevilha: wood 30, iron 260.
[11] Cordoba: wood 30, iron 200.
[12] Madrid: wood 40, iron 170.
[14] Burgos: wood 30, iron 180.
[17] Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 80.
[15] Murcia: wood 30, iron 130.
[19] Pamplona: wood 30, iron 160.

Let's check the build capacity and what we should build.
We want to build spearman to replenish our troops, as spearman are cheap (15 wood) and we have plenty of wood (30 per village, some have 40).
Wait, each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn.
So every turn, each village gets 30 wood and 20 iron.
Let's look at the current stock of wood and iron:
Lisboa: wood 30, iron 290. It can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
Actually, we can build spearman in almost all villages. Let's build spearman in all villages that have enough wood and haven't reached the cap.
Wait, the cap is 300 troops at home. Our current troops at home:
Lisboa: 31/300
Santarem: 24/300
Evora: 32/300
Coimbra: 19/300
Badajoz: 34/300
Faro: 27/300
Porto: 23/300
Salamanca: 12/300
Vigo: 19/300
Sevilha: 14/300
Cordoba: 11/300
Madrid: 24/300
Burgos: 9/300
Zaragoza: 5/300 (plus 5 marching out, so total 10)
Murcia: 7/300
Pamplona: 10/300 (plus 5 marching out? Wait, "A reinforcement of 5 spearmen arrived at [19] Pamplona", so it's at home now. The report says "troops at home: 10 / 300" and "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 10 spearman". So 10 at home).
We can build spearman in all of them.
Let's see: spearman costs 15 wood. Every village has at least 30 wood (except maybe some, but all listed have wood >= 30).
So we can build 2 spearman per village (costs 30 wood).
Let's list the villages and how many spearman we can build:
Lisboa: wood 30 -> 2 spearman (cost 30 wood, 0 iron)
Santarem: wood 30 -> 2 spearman
Evora: wood 30 -> 2 spearman
Coimbra: wood 30 -> 2 spearman
Badajoz: wood 40 -> 2 spearman (cost 30 wood, leaves 10 wood)
Faro: wood 30 -> 2 spearman
Porto: wood 30 -> 2 spearman
Salamanca: wood 30 -> 2 spearman
Vigo: wood 30 -> 2 spearman
Sevilha: wood 30 -> 2 spearman
Cordoba: wood 30 -> 2 spearman
Madrid: wood 40 -> 2 spearman
Burgos: wood 30 -> 2 spearman
Zaragoza: wood 30 -> 2 spearman
Murcia: wood 30 -> 2 spearman
Pamplona: wood 30 -> 2 spearman
Total 16 villages * 2 spearman = 32 spearman built this turn!
This will give us a huge influx of troops.
Let's check if we should build archers or knights instead.
Archers cost 20 wood, 10 iron. We have plenty of iron in most villages (e.g. Lisboa 290 iron, Santarem 310, Evora 370, Coimbra 340, Badajoz 280, Faro 340, Porto 290).
But spearman are very useful and cheap, and we need numbers to hold villages and attack.
Wait, let's look at the plan from last turn:
"We are attacking Teruel, Huesca, and Murcia to conquer three enemy villages and reach the 18-village threshold. We are reinforcing Pamplona from Burgos to secure our northern border. We are building spearman in all 15 villages to replenish our forces and grow our army for the next phase of the campaign."
Wait, the plan says "attacking Teruel, Huesca, and Murcia". But Murcia is already ours! "You attacked [15] Murcia: VICTORY, conquered". So Murcia is now ours (it is listed under YOUR VILLAGES as [15] Murcia).
So we need to conquer 2 more villages. The closest and weakest are Teruel [13] and Valencia [16].
Let's look at the march from [15] Murcia to [16] Valencia:
"march from [15] Murcia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
And from [17] Zaragoza to [13] Teruel:
"march from [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
And we already have 4 spearmen, 1 archer marching from [17] Zaragoza to [13] Teruel, arriving in 1 turn.
Can we send more troops to Teruel?
In [17] Zaragoza, we have 4 spearman, 1 knight at home. We can send them to [13] Teruel.
If we send 4 spearman, 1 knight from [17] Zaragoza to [13] Teruel:
They will march together with the existing marching troops? No, "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
But if we send from the same village [17] Zaragoza, we can send them in one group. Wait, the existing marching troops (4 spearmen, 1 archer) were already sent from [17] Zaragoza last turn. We cannot add more to that group now because they are already on the march. We can only send a NEW group from [17] Zaragoza.
If we send a new group of 4 spearman, 1 knight from [17] Zaragoza to [13] Teruel, they will take 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns to arrive.
Wait, if they arrive in 2 turns, the first group (arriving in 1 turn) will fight Teruel alone next turn. If they conquer it, the second group will arrive at a friendly village and reinforce it. If they don't conquer it, the second group will fight the remaining garrison.
But wait! If the first group conquers Teruel, the second group will just reinforce it, which is fine.
What about [16] Valencia? We can send troops from [15] Murcia to [16] Valencia.
Murcia has 6 spearman, 1 archer. We can send them to Valencia.
Let's check if we can send more from other villages to Valencia.
[11] Cordoba is connected to [15] Murcia and [8] Toledo. So we can send from Cordoba to Murcia, then to Valencia, but that takes time.
What about [19] Pamplona to [20] Huesca?
Huesca has 2 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights (defense 13).
If we send 10 spearman from Pamplona to Huesca:
Attack: 10 spearman * 1 = 10.
Defender: 2 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights. Most numerous: spearman (2). Our most numerous: spearman (10). Tie in count breaks in the order spearman, archer, knight. So both have spearman as most numerous. No counter bonus.
Defender effective defense: 13.
Our attack: 10. 10 < 13, so we would lose!
We need more troops to attack Huesca. We can send from [17] Zaragoza as well.
Zaragoza has 4 spearman, 1 knight. If we send them to Huesca:
Attack: 4 spearman (4) + 1 knight (4) = 8. Still not enough if they fight alone.
But if we send from Pamplona and Zaragoza to Huesca, they will fight one at a time.
Wait, can we send troops from [14] Burgos to [19] Pamplona, and then from Pamplona to Huesca?
Burgos has 9 spearman. We can send them to Pamplona (1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn), and then from Pamplona to Huesca. But that takes 2 turns to arrive at Huesca.
Let's focus on the easiest targets first: Teruel [13] and Valencia [16].
If we conquer Teruel and Valencia, we will have 18 villages!
Let's check if we can conquer both this turn or next turn.
Teruel: our marching troops (4 spearmen, 1 archer) arrive next turn and fight. Since Teruel has only 1 archer (defense 3), our 4 spearmen, 1 archer should easily win and conquer it.
Valencia: we can send troops from [15] Murcia to [16] Valencia this turn. They will arrive next turn and fight. Valencia has 2 archers (defense 5). If we send 6 spearman, 1 archer from Murcia, we calculated we win (8 attack vs 7.5 effective defense). But we will take losses. Can we send more?
In Murcia, we have 6 spearman, 1 archer. That's all we can send from Murcia.
Can we send from [11] Cordoba to [15] Murcia, and then from Murcia to Valencia? No, they would have to march to Murcia first, then to Valencia, taking 2 turns.
What about [17] Zaragoza to [13] Teruel? We can send the remaining 4 spearman, 1 knight to Teruel as a second wave.
Let's look at the build orders.
We should build spearman in all our villages to increase our troop count.
Let's write down the build orders for all 16 villages:
We can build 2 spearman in each village (costs 30 wood).
Let's check if any village has less than 30 wood:
All have at least 30 wood.
Lisboa: 30 wood -> 2 spearman
Santarem: 30 wood -> 2 spearman
Evora: 30 wood -> 2 spearman
Coimbra: 30 wood -> 2 spearman
Badajoz: 40 wood -> 2 spearman (leaves 10 wood)
Faro: 30 wood -> 2 spearman
Porto: 30 wood -> 2 spearman
Salamanca: 30 wood -> 2 spearman
Vigo: 30 wood -> 2 spearman
Sevilha: 30 wood -> 2 spearman
Cordoba: 30 wood -> 2 spearman
Madrid: 40 wood -> 2 spearman (leaves 10 wood)
Burgos: 30 wood -> 2 spearman
Zaragoza: 30 wood -> 2 spearman
Murcia: 30 wood -> 2 spearman
Pamplona: 30 wood -> 2 spearman
Total 32 spearman.

Let's check if we should build any archers or knights.
We have a lot of iron. For example, Lisboa has 290 iron. We could build archers or knights.
But spearman are the backbone of our army, and we need to replenish the losses we suffered.
Wait, let's look at the losses from last turn:
"You attacked [20] Huesca: DEFEAT (your army was lost)" - we lost the army we sent to Huesca.
"You attacked [15] Murcia: VICTORY, conquered (your losses: 5 troops)"
So we lost some troops. Building spearman is the fastest way to replenish.
Let's build 2 spearman in each of the 16 villages.

Now, let's plan the movements:
1. From [17] Zaragoza: send the remaining 4 spearman, 1 knight to [13] Teruel.
Wait, the report says:
"[17] Zaragoza ... AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight (attack power if all sent: 8)"
So we can send 4 spearman, 1 knight to [13] Teruel.
2. From [15] Murcia: send 6 spearman, 1 archer to [16] Valencia.
"[15] Murcia ... AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 6 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight (attack power if all sent: 8)"
So we send all available troops from Murcia to Valencia.
3. From [19] Pamplona: send 10 spearman to [20] Huesca?
Wait, if we send 10 spearman to Huesca, they will fight and lose because Huesca has defense 13 and our attack is 10.
Can we send them to [17] Zaragoza instead to reinforce it, or to [13] Teruel?
If we send them to [17] Zaragoza, they will arrive in 1 turn and join the garrison. Then from Zaragoza we can send them to Teruel or Huesca later. But Zaragoza is already ours, so sending them to Zaragoza is a safe way to move them closer to the border without fighting a losing battle.
Let's check the road from Pamplona to Zaragoza:
[19] Pamplona is connected to [17] Zaragoza.
So we can send 10 spearman from [19] Pamplona to [17] Zaragoza. They will arrive in 1 turn and reinforce Zaragoza.
Wait, is there any other border we need to secure?
What about [12] Madrid? It is a border with [8] Toledo (enemy). We have 21 spearman, 3 archer there. We can keep them there to defend Madrid or send them to [17] Zaragoza via the road: [12] Madrid -> [17] Zaragoza.
Let's check the road: [12] Madrid is connected to [17] Zaragoza.
So we can send some troops from Madrid to Zaragoza to reinforce the northern front.
Let's see: Madrid has 21 spearman, 3 archer. We can send, say, 10 spearman from Madrid to Zaragoza.
And from Pamplona, send 10 spearman to Zaragoza.
This will concentrate a large army in Zaragoza, from which we can launch a major offensive next turn against Teruel or Huesca.
Let's check if we can send from [14] Burgos to [12] Madrid or [19] Pamplona.
Burgos has 9 spearman. We can send them to [12] Madrid to reinforce Madrid, or to [19] Pamplona.
Let's look at the overall troop distribution. We want to build up a massive army in Zaragoza to take the north.
Let's write down the movements:
- From [17] Zaragoza: send 4 spearman, 1 knight to [13] Teruel (to attack).
- From [15] Murcia: send 6 spearman, 1 archer to [16] Valencia (to attack).
- From [19] Pamplona: send 10 spearman to [17] Zaragoza (to reinforce).
- From [12] Madrid: send 10 spearman to [17] Zaragoza (to reinforce).
- From [14] Burgos: send 9 spearman to [12] Madrid (to reinforce Madrid, which is on the border with Toledo).
Wait, if we send 10 spearman from Madrid to Zaragoza, Madrid will have 11 spearman, 3 archer left. That's fine, it's enough to defend Madrid for now, and we can build more there.
Let's check if we should send any troops to [4] Badajoz or [11] Cordoba to defend the southern border with Toledo [8].
Toledo has 12 spearmen, 2 archers, 3 knights (defense 43).
Badajoz has 24 spearman, 10 archer. That's a strong garrison, no need to send more unless we want to attack Toledo. But Toledo is very strong, we don't need to attack it to win. We only need 2 more villages (Teruel and Valencia).
So we should focus all our offensive power on Teruel and Valencia, and reinforce Zaragoza for the next step (maybe Huesca or Tarragona).
Let's double check the march times and roads:
- [17] Zaragoza to [13] Teruel: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". Since we are sending 4 spearman (slow) and 1 knight (fast), the speed is slow, so it takes 2 slow turns? Wait, the report says "march from [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". This means the distance is such that it takes 2 turns for slow troops, 1 turn for medium, 1 turn for fast. Since we have a mixed army (spearman and knight), the speed is slowest, so it takes 2 turns.
Wait, the existing marching troops from Zaragoza to Teruel: "4 spearmen, 1 archer: [17] -> [13], arrives in 1 turn".
Ah! The report says "arrives in 1 turn" for the existing marching troops. But the march distance says "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". Why does the existing army arrive in 1 turn? Maybe they were sent last turn and have already marched 1 turn, so they have 1 turn left. Yes, "arrives in 1 turn" means 1 turn remaining.
If we send a new army from Zaragoza to Teruel, it will take the full march time, which is 2 slow turns (since it contains slow troops). So it will arrive in 2 turns.
That is perfect: the first wave arrives next turn, conquers Teruel, and the second wave arrives in 2 turns to reinforce it.
- [15] Murcia to [16] Valencia: "march from [15] Murcia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". We are sending 6 spearman (slow) and 1 archer (medium). The speed is slow, so it takes 1 slow turn. Thus, they will arrive next turn. This is perfect.
- [19] Pamplona to [17] Zaragoza: Let's check the road network. [19] Pamplona is connected to [17] Zaragoza. The distance is probably 1 turn. Let's assume it takes 1 turn.
- [12] Madrid to [17] Zaragoza: [12] Madrid is connected to [17] Zaragoza. The distance is probably 1 turn.
- [14] Burgos to [12] Madrid: [14] Burgos is connected to [12] Madrid. The distance is probably 1 turn.

Let's review the plan note from last turn:
"We are attacking Teruel, Huesca, and Murcia to conquer three enemy villages and reach the 18-village threshold. We are reinforcing Pamplona from Burgos to secure our northern border. We are building spearman in all 15 villages to replenish our forces and grow our army for the next phase of the campaign."
Since Murcia is already conquered, we should update the plan:
"Plan: Conquer Teruel and Valencia this turn/next turn to reach 18 villages and secure the win. We are sending all available troops from Murcia to Valencia, and a wave from Zaragoza to Teruel. We are concentrating troops from Pamplona, Madrid, and Burgos into Zaragoza to build a massive reserve for the northern campaign. We are building 2 spearman in every village to replenish our ranks."

Let's write the statement:
"We have conquered Murcia and now hold 16 villages. To secure the 18-village victory, we are launching a double offensive: sending all of Murcia's forces to attack Valencia, and a first wave to Teruel which arrives tomorrow. We are also building 2 spearman in every single village to rapidly replenish our troops, and moving northern reserves into Zaragoza to prepare for the next phase of the campaign."

Let's double check the JSON format:
{
  "build": [ {"villageId": <id>, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}, ... ],
  "movements": [ {"fromId": <id>, "toId": <id>, "troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}}, ... ],
  "plan": "...",
  "statement": "..."
}

Let's list the build orders for all 16 villages:
[0] Lisboa: 2 spearman
[1] Santarem: 2 spearman
[2] Evora: 2 spearman
[3] Coimbra: 2 spearman
[4] Badajoz: 2 spearman
[5] Faro: 2 spearman
[6] Porto: 2 spearman
[7] Salamanca: 2 spearman
[9] Sevilha: 2 spearman
[10] Vigo: 2 spearman
[11] Cordoba: 2 spearman
[12] Madrid: 2 spearman
[14] Burgos: 2 spearman
[15] Murcia: 2 spearman
[17] Zaragoza: 2 spearman
[19] Pamplona: 2 spearman

Wait, let's check if we have enough wood for 2 spearman in each:
Lisboa: wood 30. 2 spearman costs 30 wood. Yes.
Santarem: wood 30. Yes.
Evora: wood 30. Yes.
Coimbra: wood 30. Yes.
Badajoz: wood 40. Yes.
Faro: wood 30. Yes.
Porto: wood 30. Yes.
Salamanca: wood 30. Yes.
Vigo: wood 30. Yes.
Sevilha: wood 30. Yes.
Cordoba: wood 30. Yes.
Madrid: wood 40. Yes.
Burgos: wood 30. Yes.
Zaragoza: wood 30. Yes.
Murcia: wood 30. Yes.
Pamplona: wood 30. Yes.
All have enough wood.

Let's list the movements:
1. From [17] Zaragoza to [13] Teruel:
Troops: 4 spearman, 1 knight.
Wait, Zaragoza has "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 4 spearman, 0 archer, 1 knight".
So we send 4 spearman, 1 knight.
2. From [15] Murcia to [16] Valencia:
Troops: 6 spearman, 1 archer.
Murcia has "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 6 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight".
So we send 6 spearman, 1 archer.
3. From [19] Pamplona to [17] Zaragoza:
Troops: 10 spearman.
Pamplona has "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 10 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight".
So we send 10 spearman.
4. From [12] Madrid to [17] Zaragoza:
Troops: 10 spearman.
Madrid has "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 21 spearman, 3 archer, 0 knight".
So we send 10 spearman.
5. From [14] Burgos to [12] Madrid:
Troops: 9 spearman.
Burgos has "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 9 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight".
So we send 9 spearman.

Let's check if there are any other movements we should do.
What about [4] Badajoz? It has 24 spearman, 10 archer. It is on the border with Toledo. We don't need to send any unless we want to attack Toledo, but Toledo is too strong and we don't need it. So we keep them there.
What about [11] Cordoba? It has 10 spearman, 1 archer. It is on the border with Toledo. Keep them there.
What about [7] Salamanca? It has 10 spearman. It is interior. Keep them there.
What about [10] Vigo? 16 spearman. Interior. Keep.
What about [6] Porto? 17 spearman, 6 archer. Interior. Keep.
What about [9] Sevilha? 14 spearman. Interior. Keep.
What about [5] Faro? 24 spearman, 3 archer. Interior. Keep.
What about [0] Lisboa, [1] Santarem, [2] Evora, [3] Coimbra? All interior, keep their troops to build up.

Let's review the plan text:
"Plan: We are focusing on conquering Teruel and Valencia to reach the 18-village victory threshold. Our first wave to Teruel arrives tomorrow, and we are sending a second wave from Zaragoza. We are sending all of Murcia's troops to attack Valencia. To prepare for the northern campaign, we are moving all available troops from Pamplona, Madrid, and Burgos to Zaragoza to create a massive strike force. We are building 2 spearman in every village to replenish our losses and grow our army."

Let's review the statement text:
"We have successfully conquered Murcia, bringing our total to 16 villages. With the victory threshold of 18 villages in sight, we are launching a coordinated double offensive: sending all of Murcia's troops to attack Valencia, while our first wave to Teruel arrives tomorrow. To ensure we have the manpower for the next phase, we are building 2 spearman in every single village and concentrating our northern reserves into Zaragoza to prepare for the push into the enemy heartland."

Let's check if the JSON is valid and follows the exact format.
The format requires:
{
  "build": [ {"villageId": <id>, "type": <"spearman" | "archer" | "knight">, "quantity": <how many to build, 1 or more>} ],
  "movements": [ {"fromId": <id>, "toId": <id>, "troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}} ],
  "plan": "<your note to your next turn>",
  "statement": "<2-4 lines for the audience>"
}

Let's write the JSON object carefully.

Build list:
[ {"villageId": 0, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 1, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 2, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 3, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 4, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 5, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 6, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 7, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 9, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 10, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 11, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 12, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 14, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 15, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 17, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2},
  {"villageId": 19, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2} ]

Movements list:
[ {"fromId": 17, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 4, "archer": 0, "knight": 1}},
  {"fromId": 15, "toId": 16, "troops": {"spearman": 6, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}},
  {"fromId": 19, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 10, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
  {"fromId": 12, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 10, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}},
  {"fromId": 14, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 9, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}} ]

Let's double check if we can send 0 archer/knight in the JSON. Yes, the schema says `"troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}`. We can set them to 0.

Let's check if the plan and statement are within the character limits and in English.
Plan: "We are focusing on conquering Teruel and Valencia to reach the 18-village victory threshold. Our first wave to Teruel arrives tomorrow, and we are sending a second wave from Zaragoza. We are sending all of Murcia's troops to attack Valencia. To prepare for the northern campaign, we are moving all available troops from Pamplona, Madrid, and Burgos to Zaragoza to create a massive strike force. We are building 2 spearman in every village to replenish our losses and grow our army."
Statement: "We have successfully conquered Murcia, bringing our total to 16 villages. With the victory threshold of 18 villages in sight, we are launching a coordinated double offensive: sending all of Murcia's troops to attack Valencia, while our first wave to Teruel arrives tomorrow. To ensure we have the manpower for the next phase, we are building 2 spearman in every single village and concentrating our northern reserves into Zaragoza to prepare for the push into the enemy heartland."

Everything looks solid and perfectly aligned with the rules and the current state of the game. We are on track to win by conquering Teruel and Valencia. Let's output the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":17,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":4,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":1}},{"origemId":15,"destinoId":16,"tropas":{"lanceiro":6,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":19,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":10,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":12,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":10,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":14,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":9,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [10]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [10]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [12]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [12]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [14]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [14]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [15]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [15]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO envio [17]->[13]: 4S+1K
ACEITO envio [15]->[16]: 6S+1A
ACEITO envio [19]->[17]: 10S
ACEITO envio [12]->[17]: 10S
ACEITO envio [14]->[12]: 9S
plano (volta no proximo prompt): We are focusing on conquering Teruel and Valencia to reach the 18-village victory threshold. Our first wave to Teruel arrives tomorrow, and we are sending a second wave from Zaragoza. We are sending all of Murcia's troops to attack Valencia. To prepare for the northern campaign, we are moving all available troops from Pamplona, Madrid, and Burgos to Zaragoza to create a massive strike force. We are building 2 spearman in every village to replenish our losses and grow our army.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): We have successfully conquered Murcia, bringing our total to 16 villages. With the victory threshold of 18 villages in sight, we are launching a coordinated double offensive: sending all of Murcia's troops to attack Valencia, while our first wave to Teruel arrives tomorrow. To ensure we have the manpower for the next phase, we are building 2 spearman in every single village and concentrating our northern reserves into Zaragoza to prepare for the push into the enemy heartland.
########## TURNO 25 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3839 | resposta 12559 | raciocinio 12559 | finish content_filter | ms 192764
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B in a turn-based strategy game. I need to analyze the current state and provide orders in a specific JSON format.

Let's analyze the current state:
- I hold 8 of 24 villages (need 18 for 2 consecutive turns to win, or eliminate all enemy villages).
- Enemy is King A.
- My villages:
  - [22] Barcelona (capital): 1 troop (1 archer)
  - [21] Tarragona: 14 troops (10 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight)
  - [23] Girona: 2 troops (2 archer)
  - [18] Castellon: 1 troop (1 archer)
  - [20] Huesca: 5 troops (2 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight)
  - [16] Valencia: 2 troops (2 archer)
  - [13] Teruel: 1 troop (1 archer)
  - [8] Toledo: 17 troops (12 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight)

- Enemy villages I can see:
  - [17] Zaragoza: 4 spearmen, 1 knight, defense 13
  - [12] Madrid: 21 spearmen, 3 archers, defense 60
  - [15] Murcia: 6 spearmen, 1 archer, defense 18
  - [19] Pamplona: 10 spearmen, defense 25
  - [11] Cordoba: 10 spearmen, 1 archer, defense 28
  - [4] Badajoz: 24 spearmen, 10 archers, defense 85

- Enemy armies on march:
  - Army marching toward [13] Teruel, arrives in 1 turn.

- Resources:
  - Barcelona: wood 40, iron 70
  - Tarragona: wood 50, iron 20
  - Girona: wood 50, iron 20
  - Castellon: wood 40, iron 70
  - Huesca: wood 50, iron 20
  - Valencia: wood 30, iron 70
  - Teruel: wood 40, iron 50
  - Toledo: wood 40, iron 130

Let's check what I can build:
- Spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron
- Archer: 20 wood, 10 iron
- Knight: 30 wood, 30 iron

Toledo has 40 wood, 130 iron. Can build:
- 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) -> leaves 0 wood, 110 iron
- 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) -> leaves 10 wood, 100 iron
- 2 spearmen (30 wood, 0 iron) -> leaves 10 wood, 130 iron
- Or combinations.

But I need to think about strategy.
The enemy is attacking Teruel next turn. Teruel has only 1 archer (defense 3). The enemy army marching there is unknown in size, but it's an enemy army. I should reinforce Teruel or try to defend it.
Wait, the enemy army marching toward [13] Teruel arrives in 1 turn. I don't know its size, but Teruel has very low defense (3) and only 1 archer. It will likely fall unless I send reinforcements.
But can I send reinforcements to Teruel? Tarragona is 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn away. Castellon is 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast turn away. Valencia is 1 slow/1 medium/1 fast away. But if I send from Tarragona, it takes 1 turn, so it arrives same turn as the enemy? No, orders are simultaneous. If I send from Tarragona now, it will take 1 turn to march, so it arrives at the end of this turn, same time as the enemy attack? Actually, the enemy army "arrives in 1 turn", meaning it attacks at the end of this turn. If I send troops from Tarragona, they also take 1 turn, so they arrive at the same time. But the rules say: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So if I send from Tarragona and Castellon, they fight separately. The enemy army also fights.
Wait, if the enemy army is marching toward Teruel, and I send reinforcements, they will arrive and fight the enemy army? Or do they just join the garrison?
"When an attack conquers a village, the surviving attackers stay there as its new garrison."
If I send troops to a village I already own, they join the garrison as reinforcements. But if an enemy army is attacking it at the same time, the reinforcements arrive and fight? The rules say: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
This implies that if I send reinforcements to a village that is being attacked, they arrive and participate in the defense? Or do they fight the enemy army on the road?
Actually, the enemy army is marching toward Teruel. It will attack Teruel. If I send troops from Tarragona to Teruel, they march along the road. The enemy army is also marching toward Teruel. Do they meet on the road?
"Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there: head-on, or when one catches up with the other on the same stretch of road."
But the enemy army is already 1 turn away. If I send troops from Tarragona (1 turn away), they both arrive at Teruel at the same time? Or do they meet on the road?
The road network: Tarragona is connected to [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [22] Barcelona. Teruel is connected to [8] Toledo, [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon.
Wait, Tarragona to Teruel: Tarragona -> Castellon -> Teruel? Or Tarragona -> Zaragoza -> Teruel?
Looking at the road network:
[21] Tarragona: [17], [18], [22]
[18] Castellon: [13], [16], [21]
So Tarragona to Teruel via Castellon: Tarragona -> Castellon -> Teruel. That's 2 slow turns? But the report says "from here to your nearest border village [21] Tarragona: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Castellon. So it's 1 turn for medium/fast, 1 turn for slow? Actually, the march times are given:
"from here to your nearest border village [21] Tarragona: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Castellon. So it's 1 turn for all speeds? That seems odd. Usually slow is longer. But the report says "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" which might mean 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast? Or it means the distance is such that it takes 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast? That would mean the distance is very short.
Let's look at the march times from the report:
- Barcelona to Tarragona: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns
- Girona to Huesca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns
- Castellon to Tarragona: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns
- Huesca to Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns
- Huesca to Pamplona: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns
- Toledo to Madrid: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns
- Toledo to Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns
- Toledo to Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns
- Valencia to Murcia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns
- Teruel to Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns (implied by "march from [20] Huesca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Zaragoza, but Teruel is also connected to Zaragoza).

Wait, the enemy army is marching toward [13] Teruel and arrives in 1 turn. Where is it coming from? It could be from Zaragoza (1 turn away) or Valencia (1 turn away) or Toledo (but Toledo is mine). Since it's an enemy army, likely from Zaragoza or Murcia or Cordoba.
If I send troops from Tarragona to Teruel, they have to go via Castellon. The march time from Tarragona to Teruel is not directly given, but from Castellon to Tarragona is 1 turn, and Castellon to Teruel is probably 1 turn. So Tarragona to Teruel would be 2 slow turns? Or maybe 1 turn if they are close?
Actually, the road network shows:
[21] Tarragona - [18] Castellon - [13] Teruel. So it's two edges. If each edge is 1 turn for slow, then it's 2 slow turns.
But the report says for Castellon: "from here to your nearest border village [21] Tarragona: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That's one edge.
For Teruel, it is connected to [8] Toledo, [16] Valencia, [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon.
So from Castellon to Teruel is one edge. If I send from Tarragona, it goes Tarragona -> Castellon -> Teruel, which is 2 edges. So it would take 2 slow turns, or 1 medium turn? But the speed of the army matters. If I send archers (medium), it takes 1 turn per edge? The report says "march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns" for some distant places. So for 1 edge, it might be 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast? That doesn't make sense because slow should be slower than medium.
Wait, the example says "5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns". That implies the distance is 5 edges for slow, 3 for medium, 2 for fast? Or it's a time measure where slow troops take 5 turns, medium 3, fast 2 to cover the same distance.
So for a distance of 1 edge, it might be 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast? No, that would mean all speeds take the same time. But the example shows different times for different speeds.
Let's re-read: "march from [20] Huesca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Zaragoza. This means if you send slow troops, it takes 1 turn; medium, 1 turn; fast, 1 turn. So for very short distances (1 edge), even slow troops take 1 turn.
For Pamplona from Huesca: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So 2 edges for slow, 1 edge for medium/fast? Or the distance is 2 for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast.
So Tarragona to Teruel via Castellon is 2 edges. If I send slow troops, it takes 2 turns; medium, 1 turn; fast, 1 turn? But the report doesn't give the march time from Tarragona to Teruel. I have to calculate it.
Tarragona to Castellon: 1 edge. Castellon to Teruel: 1 edge. Total 2 edges.
If I send archers (medium), it might take 1 turn per edge? But the example "5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast" suggests that the number of turns is not just the number of edges, but a function of speed. For a given distance, slow takes X, medium takes Y, fast takes Z.
If the distance is 2 edges, and for Huesca to Pamplona it is "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast", then for Tarragona to Teruel (2 edges) it might be similar: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast.
So if I send archers from Tarragona, they would take 1 turn (medium). So they would arrive at the same time as the enemy army that is 1 turn away? But the enemy army is already on the march and arrives in 1 turn. If I send archers now, they also take 1 turn, so they arrive at the same time. But the rules say: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So if the enemy army arrives and my reinforcements arrive, they will fight. But the enemy army is attacking the village, and my reinforcements are arriving to defend it. How does that work?
Actually, the enemy army is marching toward Teruel. It will attack Teruel at the end of the turn. If I send reinforcements from Tarragona, they march and arrive at Teruel at the end of the turn. Do they fight the enemy army on the road, or do they join the garrison and then the battle happens?
The rules: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination." The enemy army is marching to Teruel, so it stops there and fights. My reinforcements are sent to Teruel (a village I own), so they march there and join the garrison. But if the enemy army is already there attacking, my reinforcements would arrive and fight? Or do they arrive after the battle?
The turn is simultaneous. The enemy army attacks Teruel. My reinforcements arrive at Teruel. The battle is between the enemy army and the garrison of Teruel (which includes my reinforcements if they arrive before the battle is resolved?).
The rules: "When an attack conquers a village, the surviving attackers stay there as its new garrison." This implies the battle happens, and then the survivors stay.
If I send reinforcements, they are on the march. "Marching takes turns, and during those turns the enemy keeps building and moving. The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival."
So the defense of Teruel today is 3 (with 1 archer). If I send reinforcements, they arrive at the end of the turn, so they would add to the defense for the battle that happens at the end of the turn? Or does the battle happen at the start of the turn?
Usually in these games, all movements and battles are resolved simultaneously. So if I send troops to Teruel, they arrive and then the battle is fought. So the garrison would be the existing troops plus the arriving troops.
But the rule "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up" means if I send from multiple villages, they fight separately. But if they are reinforcements to a village that is being attacked, do they fight the enemy army or join the defense?
I think the standard rule is: reinforcements arrive and join the defense. But the rule about different sends fighting alone applies when they are attacking the same target. For defense, they all defend together? The rule says: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This applies to attacks. For defense, the garrison is already there. If I send reinforcements, they join the garrison. But if the enemy is attacking, the enemy army fights the garrison (which now includes my reinforcements). However, if I send multiple reinforcements, do they fight separately? The rule says "each send fights alone, one at a time" but that might be for attacks on a village. For defense, the village's garrison is unified.
Actually, the rule: "When an attack conquers a village, the surviving attackers stay there as its new garrison." And "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This is under MOVEMENT RULES, so it likely applies to offensive attacks. For defensive reinforcements, they probably just add to the garrison.
But to be safe, I should not rely on sending reinforcements to a village that is about to be attacked, because the enemy army might destroy them en route or in the battle.
Wait, the enemy army is already on the march and arrives in 1 turn. It is not sent this turn; it was sent last turn. So it will attack Teruel this turn. If I send troops from Tarragona, they take 1 turn (if medium) or 2 turns (if slow). If I send archers (medium), they take 1 turn, so they arrive at the same time as the enemy army attacks. Do they meet on the road?
The enemy army is coming from somewhere (probably Zaragoza, which is connected to Teruel). Zaragoza to Teruel is 1 turn. My troops from Tarragona go Tarragona -> Castellon -> Teruel. That's 2 edges. If medium takes 1 turn per edge, it would take 2 turns? But the report says for Huesca to Pamplona: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That's 2 edges for slow, but 1 turn for medium and fast. So medium/fast can cover 2 edges in 1 turn? That seems inconsistent.
Let's look at the road network and distances.
Huesca [20] to Pamplona [19]: Huesca is connected to [17] Zaragoza and [19] Pamplona and [23] Girona. So Huesca to Pamplona is 1 edge. But the march time is "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So 1 edge takes 2 slow turns, 1 medium turn, 1 fast turn. That means slow troops take 2 turns to go 1 edge, medium takes 1, fast takes 1? That doesn't make sense because then slow is slower than medium, which is expected, but why would fast and medium take the same time?
Maybe the "turns" are not integer numbers of edges, but a time unit. For example, a road might have a length of 2 slow-turns, 1 medium-turn, 1 fast-turn. So the distance in "time units" is 2 for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast. That means medium and fast have the same speed? No, fast should be faster.
Let's look at the example: "march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns". This means for a long distance, slow takes 5 turns, medium 3, fast 2. So the ratio is roughly slow:medium:fast = 5:3:2. So fast is 2.5x slower than slow? No, fast is faster, so it takes fewer turns. Speed is inversely proportional to time. So speed of slow = 1/5, medium = 1/3, fast = 1/2. Ratio of speeds: slow:medium:fast = 1/5 : 1/3 : 1/2 = 6:10:15. So fast is 2.5x faster than slow.
For a short distance, the times might be 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. That gives speeds: slow = 1/2, medium = 1, fast = 1. Ratio: 1:2:2. So medium and fast are equally fast? That might be a simplification for short distances.
For Tarragona to Teruel: Tarragona -> Castellon (1 edge) -> Teruel (1 edge) = 2 edges.
If the distance is similar to Huesca to Pamplona (which is 1 edge but takes 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast), then 2 edges might take 4 slow / 2 medium / 2 fast? Or maybe the times are given per edge, and we sum them?
Actually, the report gives march times from specific villages to specific targets. For example, "from [20] Huesca to [19] Pamplona: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So that's the total time for that route.
For Tarragona to Teruel, the route is Tarragona -> Castellon -> Teruel. I don't have the exact times, but I can estimate. Castellon to Tarragona is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast. Castellon to Teruel is probably similar (1 edge). So Tarragona to Teruel would be the sum: Tarragona to Castellon (1 slow) + Castellon to Teruel (1 slow?) = 2 slow turns? But if medium is faster, maybe 1 medium turn for the whole thing?
Given the uncertainty, it's risky to send reinforcements to Teruel if they won't arrive in time. The enemy army arrives in 1 turn. If I send troops that take 2 turns, they arrive after the battle, which is useless if Teruel falls.
But if I send fast troops (knights), they might take 1 turn. Tarragona has 2 knights. If I send them, they might arrive in 1 turn and help defend.
However, the enemy army is already on the march. Its size is unknown. Teruel has only 1 archer (defense 3). Even with 2 knights, the defense might not be enough.
Wait, the enemy army is marching toward Teruel. Where is it coming from? It could be from Zaragoza (enemy) or Valencia (mine) or Toledo (mine). Since it's an enemy army, it must be from an enemy village. The enemy villages near Teruel are Zaragoza [17] and maybe Murcia [15] or Cordoba [11]. Zaragoza is connected to Teruel. So the enemy army likely came from Zaragoza. Zaragoza has 4 spearmen, 1 knight. But the army could be larger if it gathered troops.
The report says: "enemy army marching toward [13] Teruel - YOUR village - arrives in 1 turn". It doesn't specify the size. But I can see the garrison of Zaragoza is 4 spearmen, 1 knight. If the army is from Zaragoza, it might be those troops, or some of them. But the garrison is still there? No, if an army is marching, it leaves the village? The report says "garrison: 4 spearmen, 1 knight" for Zaragoza. That might be the troops at home, not the marching army. The marching army is separate.
So the enemy army could be any size.

Given the situation, I need to decide on a strategy.
My previous plan was: "Conquer Pamplona with knights from Huesca to expand the northern flank. Reinforce Tarragona with spearmen from Barcelona and Castellon, and Huesca with troops from Girona, to prepare for the push on Zaragoza. On the southern front, build archers in Murcia, Valencia, and Toledo, and reinforce them with knights from Valencia and Teruel. Focus on archer production to counter the enemy's spearman-heavy garrisons, preparing for the assault on Cordoba."
But the map has changed. Murcia [15] was lost last turn (the enemy took it). Valencia [16] is now a border village with Murcia. Teruel [13] is under threat.
I need to defend Teruel if possible, or accept its loss and consolidate.
Actually, losing Teruel might not be catastrophic if I can retake it later. But it's a village I hold, so losing it reduces my count to 7. I need 18 to win, so I need to expand.
Let's look at the fronts:
- Northern front: Tarragona, Huesca, Girona, Barcelona, Castellon. Enemy: Zaragoza, Pamplona, Madrid, Badajoz, Cordoba.
- Southern front: Toledo, Valencia, Teruel. Enemy: Murcia (now enemy), Cordoba, Badajoz, Madrid.
Wait, Murcia was mine, but it fell. So now the enemy has Murcia. Valencia borders Murcia.
The enemy capital is Lisboa [0], which is unexplored. I don't know its garrison.
To win, I need 18 villages. I have 8. I need 10 more. The enemy has many villages. I need to conquer them.
Which villages can I conquer? The ones I can see: Zaragoza (defense 13), Madrid (60), Murcia (18), Pamplona (25), Cordoba (28), Badajoz (85).
Zaragoza has defense 13, with 4 spearmen, 1 knight. I can attack it from Tarragona, Huesca, or Teruel. But Teruel is under attack.
Huesca has 5 troops (2 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight). Tarragona has 14 troops (10 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight). Toledo has 17 troops (12 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight).
If I want to take Zaragoza, I need to gather a strong army. But I also need to defend.
The enemy is attacking Teruel. If Teruel falls, I lose a village. Then I have 7. But I can try to retake it or take other villages.
Maybe I should focus on a specific front. The northern front has Tarragona with 14 troops, which is a good size. I can attack Zaragoza from Tarragona or Huesca.
But Zaragoza's defense is 13. My attack power from Tarragona if I send all: 10 spearman (attack 1 each = 10), 2 archer (attack 2 each = 4), 2 knight (attack 4 each = 8). Total attack = 22. But defense is 13. However, the counter triangle: if my most numerous type is spearman (10), and enemy has spearman (4) and knight (1). Most numerous type for enemy is spearman (4). So it's spearman vs spearman, no counter bonus. My effective force = 22. Enemy effective defense = 13 (already includes location bonus). So I would win, but I would lose troops.
But the enemy might have reinforcements. Also, if I attack Zaragoza, I leave Tarragona with 0 troops, which might be risky if the enemy attacks Tarragona. But Tarragona is interior? No, Tarragona is a border village with Zaragoza. If I send all troops, Tarragona is empty, but the enemy would have to attack it from Zaragoza. If I take Zaragoza, the border shifts.
Actually, the enemy is already attacking Teruel. They might not attack Tarragona this turn.
I need to write orders for this turn. I can build troops and send movements.
Let's list my resources and what I can build:
- Barcelona: wood 40, iron 70. Can build: 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron)? 30+20=50 wood > 40. So only 2 archers or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 10 wood, 40 iron. Or 2 spearmen (30 wood, 0 iron) leaves 10 wood, 70 iron. Or 1 spearman (15 wood) + 1 archer (20 wood) = 35 wood, 10 iron, leaves 5 wood, 60 iron.
- Tarragona: wood 50, iron 20. Can build: 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) leaves 10 wood, 0 iron. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) not enough iron. Or 3 spearmen (45 wood) leaves 5 wood, 20 iron. Or 2 spearmen (30 wood) + 1 archer (20 wood) = 50 wood, 10 iron, leaves 0 wood, 10 iron.
- Girona: wood 50, iron 20. Same as Tarragona.
- Castellon: wood 40, iron 70. Same as Barcelona.
- Huesca: wood 50, iron 20. Same as Tarragona.
- Valencia: wood 30, iron 70. Can build: 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) leaves 10 wood, 60 iron. Or 2 spearmen (30 wood) leaves 0 wood, 70 iron. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 0 wood, 40 iron.
- Teruel: wood 40, iron 50. Can build: 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) leaves 0 wood, 30 iron. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 10 wood, 20 iron. Or 2 spearmen (30 wood) leaves 10 wood, 50 iron.
- Toledo: wood 40, iron 130. Can build: 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) leaves 0 wood, 110 iron. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) leaves 10 wood, 100 iron. Or 2 spearmen (30 wood) leaves 10 wood, 130 iron. Or 1 archer + 1 spearman (35 wood, 10 iron) leaves 5 wood, 120 iron. Or 4 spearmen? 4*15=60 wood > 40. So max 2 spearmen.

I need to decide what to build and where.
The enemy is attacking Teruel. Teruel has 1 archer. If I don't reinforce it, it might fall. But I can't send reinforcements from far away in time. From Tarragona, if I send knights, they might take 1 turn? But Tarragona to Teruel is 2 edges. Even fast troops might take 2 turns? The report doesn't give the time. From Valencia, it's 1 edge (Valencia -> Teruel? No, Valencia is connected to [13] Teruel? Road network: [16] Valencia: [13], [15], [18]. So Valencia is connected to Teruel! So Valencia to Teruel is 1 edge. March time from Valencia to Teruel: not given, but from Valencia to Murcia is "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So to Teruel it might be similar. So if I send troops from Valencia, they can arrive in 1 turn. But Valencia has only 2 archers. If I send them, they arrive in 1 turn and help defend Teruel.
But the enemy army is already on the march and arrives in 1 turn. If I send from Valencia, they also take 1 turn. So they arrive at the same time. Do they fight the enemy army on the road? The enemy army is coming from somewhere (probably Zaragoza or Murcia). If from Zaragoza, it goes Zaragoza -> Teruel. My troops go Valencia -> Teruel. They don't meet on the road; they both arrive at Teruel. Then the battle is at Teruel. The enemy army attacks Teruel; my reinforcements arrive at Teruel. So the garrison of Teruel is increased by my reinforcements for the battle.
But the rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This might mean that if I send from Valencia and from another village, they fight separately. But if I only send from Valencia, they join the garrison? Or do they fight the enemy army as a separate wave?
Actually, the rule says: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there... When an attack conquers a village, the surviving attackers stay there as its new garrison." For the defender, the garrison is the troops already there. If reinforcements arrive, they become part of the garrison. But the rule about different sends fighting alone is under "MOVEMENT RULES" and says "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This likely applies to attacks on a village. For defense, the village's garrison is a single entity. However, if I send reinforcements from multiple villages, they might fight separately if the enemy attacks? The rule might mean that any troops sent from different villages, whether attacking or reinforcing, fight as separate groups when they meet an enemy. But that seems odd for reinforcements.
Let's read carefully: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." This is in the context of attacking a target. It probably means if you attack a village with troops from multiple villages, they arrive as separate armies and fight one after the other. For defense, if you send reinforcements to a village that is attacked, they arrive and join the defense. But if the enemy is attacking, the enemy army is the attacker, and the village garrison (including reinforcements) is the defender. The defender gets the location bonus. The attacker does not. So the reinforcements would just add to the defender's force.
But the rule "each send fights alone" might mean that if I send from Valencia and from Castellon, they fight the enemy army separately? That would be bad because the enemy army would fight them one at a time, potentially defeating them in detail.
To be safe, I should only send reinforcements from one village if I want them to combine. But the rule says they never add up, so even if I send from one village, they are one send. So they will fight as one group. If I send from multiple villages, they fight as multiple groups. So I should only send from one village to reinforce Teruel.
But is it worth sending? Teruel has 1 archer (defense 3). If I send 2 archers from Valencia, the garrison becomes 3 archers. Defense of a village: defense counts x1.25 in a village. The effective defense of Teruel is 3, which already includes the bonus. The garrison is 1 archer. Archer defense is 2. In a village, defense = 2 * 1.25 = 2.5, rounded? The effective defense is 3, so maybe it's rounded up. If I add 2 more archers, total 3 archers. Defense per archer in village = 2 * 1.25 = 2.5. Total defense = 3 * 2.5 = 7.5, effective defense maybe 8? But the report says effective defense is 3 for 1 archer. So 1 archer gives 3. 3 archers would give 9? Not necessarily linear.
Actually, the effective defense is calculated as: total defense of troops * location bonus. For 1 archer, defense 2. In a village, bonus x1.25, so 2.5, but the report says 3. Maybe it's rounded up. Or maybe there's a base defense for the village? The report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 3". So it's 3.
If I add 2 archers, total defense of troops = 3 * 2 = 6. With bonus x1.25 = 7.5, effective defense 8. So it would increase from 3 to 8.
The enemy army marching on Teruel: unknown size. But if it's from Zaragoza, it might be the 4 spearmen and 1 knight? But those are in the garrison of Zaragoza. The marching army could be a separate group. The report says "enemy army marching toward [13] Teruel - YOUR village - arrives in 1 turn". It doesn't specify troops. But I can see the garrison of Zaragoza is still 4 spearmen, 1 knight. So the marching army is not from Zaragoza? Or it is, and the garrison is the troops that stayed behind? In this game, when an army marches, it leaves the village? The report shows "garrison: 4 spearmen, 1 knight" for Zaragoza. That might be the troops at home, and the marching army is additional. Or the marching army is part of that garrison? Usually, the garrison is the troops that are in the village. If an army is marching, it is not in the village. So Zaragoza's garrison is 4 spearmen, 1 knight, and there is an additional army marching toward Teruel. That army could be from another village, like Madrid or Pamplona.
Given the uncertainty, I need to decide whether to try to defend Teruel or let it go.
If I let Teruel go, I lose 1 village. I then have 7. I need to conquer 11 more to reach 18. That's a long way.
But maybe I can consolidate and attack elsewhere. The enemy is spread thin. I can attack Zaragoza from Tarragona and Huesca. If I take Zaragoza, I get a village, and I can then push toward Madrid or Pamplona.
Let's look at the enemy villages I can attack:
- Zaragoza: defense 13. I can attack from Tarragona (14 troops), Huesca (5 troops), or Teruel (1 troop, but under attack). If I attack from Tarragona with all 14 troops, I have 10 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. Attack power: 10*1 + 2*2 + 2*4 = 10+4+8 = 22. Enemy defense: 13. Counter: my most numerous is spearman (10). Enemy most numerous is spearman (4). No counter. So effective force 22 vs 13. I win, but I lose troops. The loser is destroyed entirely? No, the loser loses troops worth half of the loser's effective force. Wait, the rules: "The LOSER is destroyed entirely - this includes an attacker that fails against a village. The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself."
So if I attack with 22 and defend with 13, the defender loses half of 13 = 6.5, so about 6 or 7 troops? But the defender's effective force is 13, so they lose troops worth 6.5. Since they have 4 spearmen (defense 2 each, but effective defense includes bonus? Wait, the effective defense is 13, which is the total effective force for defense. The loser loses half of that, so 6.5. The winner loses troops worth that amount. But how is that spread over troop types? It says "spread over its troop types". So my army of 22 loses some troops. The amount lost is based on the loser's effective force, not my army size. So I lose fewer troops if I have a larger army? Actually, it says "that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself." So the absolute number of troops lost is roughly half the loser's effective force, regardless of winner's size. So if I attack with 22, I lose maybe 6-7 troops. If I attack with a smaller army, I still lose 6-7 troops, which is a larger share.
So it's better to attack with a larger army to minimize proportional losses.
But if I attack Zaragoza from Tarragona, I leave Tarragona empty. Then Tarragona is undefended. But the enemy might not attack it this turn. Also, if I conquer Zaragoza, the surviving attackers stay there as garrison. So I would take Zaragoza and leave some troops there.
But I also have Huesca with 5 troops. I could send them to reinforce Tarragona or attack Zaragoza from Huesca. But Huesca to Zaragoza is 1 turn. If I send from Huesca and Tarragona, they arrive at the same time? But they fight separately. So it's better to send from one place, or send all from Tarragona.
Actually, I can send troops from Tarragona to attack Zaragoza, and also send troops from Huesca to attack Zaragoza. But they would fight separately. The first send might win and take the village, then the second send would arrive and fight the garrison? Or they both arrive and fight the enemy garrison? The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if I send from Tarragona and Huesca, they arrive one after the other. The first one fights the garrison. If it wins, it takes the village, and the survivors stay as garrison. Then the second one arrives and fights the new garrison (which is my own troops!). That would be friendly fire? But the rule says "Your own armies never fight each other: they pass freely." So if the first send takes the village, the second send would arrive and join the garrison? Or would they fight? The rule says they pass freely, so they wouldn't fight each other. But the rule also says "each send fights alone, one at a time" when arriving at the same target. That might mean if they are both attacking, they fight the enemy garrison one after the other. If the first one wins, the second one arrives and there is no enemy garrison, so it just joins? But the rule says "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". If the village is now yours (after the first send conquers it), the second send would not stop; it would pass through? But it's the destination, so it would stop and join.
This is confusing. To avoid complexity, I should only send one attack per target per turn.

Given the situation, I think the best plan is:
- Accept that Teruel might fall, or try to defend it with minimal troops.
- Focus on the northern front: attack Zaragoza with a strong army from Tarragona.
- Build troops in my villages to replenish.
- Use the southern front (Toledo) to attack Cordoba or Badajoz? But Toledo is far from Cordoba (1 turn) and Badajoz (1 turn). But those have high defense.
Actually, looking at the enemy villages:
- Cordoba: defense 28, 10 spearmen, 1 archer.
- Badajoz: defense 85, 24 spearmen, 10 archers. Very strong.
- Madrid: defense 60, 21 spearmen, 3 archers.
- Pamplona: defense 25, 10 spearmen.
- Zaragoza: defense 13, 4 spearmen, 1 knight. This is the weakest.
So Zaragoza is the best target.
Also, Murcia: defense 18, 6 spearmen, 1 archer. But Murcia was just conquered by the enemy? Last turn: "King A attacked YOUR [15] Murcia with 10 spearmen, 2 archers... the village FELL." So Murcia is now an enemy village. Its defense is 18. I could attack it from Valencia (1 turn) or Teruel (1 turn). But Teruel is under attack.
Valencia has 2 archers. If I send them to attack Murcia, they have attack 4 vs defense 18, likely defeat.
So Zaragoza is the best target.

Let's plan the turn:
1. Build troops: I need to build spearmen and archers to replenish my armies. I have many wood and iron.
   - Tarragona: build 3 spearmen (45 wood) or 2 spearmen + 1 archer? Tarragona has 50 wood, 20 iron. 3 spearmen = 45 wood, leaves 5 wood, 20 iron. Or 2 spearmen (30 wood) + 1 archer (20 wood) = 50 wood, 10 iron, leaves 0 wood, 10 iron. That uses all wood. I'll build 2 spearmen and 1 archer.
   - Huesca: same, build 2 spearmen and 1 archer? Huesca has 50 wood, 20 iron. But Huesca currently has 5 troops. If I build, it will add to the garrison. But I might want to send troops from Huesca.
   - Toledo: has 40 wood, 130 iron. Build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) + 1 archer? 30+20=50 wood > 40. So 2 archers or 1 knight + 0 archers? 1 knight uses 30 wood, leaves 10 wood. Can also build 1 spearman (15 wood) with remaining? 30+15=45 wood > 40. So only 1 knight (30 wood) leaves 10 wood, 100 iron. Or 2 archers (40 wood) leaves 0 wood, 110 iron. Or 2 spearmen (30 wood) leaves 10 wood, 130 iron. I think 2 archers is good because archers have attack 2, and I need to counter enemy spearmen? Actually, spearman counters knight, archer counters spearman, knight counters archers. The enemy has many spearmen (Zaragoza 4, Madrid 21, etc.). So archers counter spearmen? Wait: "archer counters spearman". So if I fight spearmen, I want archers. But my most numerous type sets the counter. If I have more archers than spearman and knight, I get the counter bonus against spearman? Actually, the counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archers. Having the counter multiplies your whole army's force by 1.5. So if the enemy's most numerous type is spearman, and my most numerous type is archer, I get a 1.5x bonus. That's very good.
   So I should build archers to counter the enemy's spearman-heavy forces.
   - Barcelona: build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
   - Castellon: build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron).
   - Valencia: build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 2 spearmen? Valencia has 30 wood, 70 iron. 1 archer uses 20 wood, 10 iron. Leaves 10 wood, 60 iron. Or 2 spearmen (30 wood) leaves 0 wood, 70 iron. Since I want archers, build 1 archer.
   - Teruel: build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) if it survives? But Teruel is under attack. I might not be able to build there if it falls. But orders are simultaneous, so I can order a build in Teruel, and if it falls, the build might not happen? The rules: "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." It doesn't say what happens if the village is conquered. Probably the build is cancelled. So I can order a build in Teruel, but it's risky.
   - Girona: build 2 archers? Girona has 50 wood, 20 iron. 2 archers = 40 wood, 20 iron, leaves 10 wood, 0 iron. Or 2 spearmen + 1 archer? 30+20=50 wood, 10 iron, leaves 0 wood, 10 iron. I'll build 2 archers.

2. Movements:
   - Attack Zaragoza from Tarragona. Send all troops from Tarragona? Tarragona has 14 troops: 10 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. If I send them all, Tarragona is left with 0. But I just built some there? The build happens this turn, so the new troops are built and then can be sent? Or are they built and stay? The order is simultaneous: I order builds and movements. The builds produce troops at the end of the turn? Usually, you build and then you can send the newly built troops in the same turn? The rules: "spearman: costs 15 wood + 0 iron, ready in 1 turn." So if I order a build, it takes 1 turn to build, so it is ready at the end of this turn, and can be sent next turn. So I cannot send troops I just built this turn. They will be available next turn.
   So the troops I can send now are the ones already at home: Tarragona has 10 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight (available to send). I can send some or all of them.
   If I send all 14 to attack Zaragoza, I have attack 22 vs defense 13. I should win. But I will lose troops. The enemy defense is 13, so they lose half of 13 = 6.5, so they lose about 6-7 troops. My army of 22 loses that many. So I would have about 15 troops left, which would become the garrison of Zaragoza.
   But I also need to consider reinforcements. The enemy might have troops in other villages that could reinforce Zaragoza? Reinforcements from other villages? The rules: "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." For the enemy, they can also send reinforcements. But I don't see any enemy armies marching toward Zaragoza. The only enemy army on march is toward Teruel.
   So attacking Zaragoza now seems good.
   - What about Huesca? Huesca has 5 troops: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. I could send them to reinforce Tarragona before attacking? But Tarragona to Zaragoza is 1 turn. If I send from Huesca to Tarragona, it takes 1 turn (Huesca to Tarragona? Huesca is connected to [17] Zaragoza, [19] Pamplona, [23] Girona. Tarragona is not directly connected. Huesca to Tarragona would be Huesca -> Zaragoza -> Tarragona? Or Huesca -> Girona -> Barcelona -> Tarragona? That's multiple turns. So I can't reinforce Tarragona from Huesca in time.
   - I could send Huesca's troops to attack Pamplona? Pamplona has defense 25, 10 spearmen. Huesca's attack: 2 spearman (2) + 1 archer (2) + 2 knight (8) = 12. vs 25, likely defeat.
   - I could send Huesca's troops to attack Zaragoza as a second wave? But they would fight separately. If Tarragona's attack succeeds, Huesca's troops would arrive and maybe join the garrison. But if they fight separately, they might lose. It's better to send all from one place.
   - What about the southern front? Toledo has 17 troops: 12 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. Attack power: 12*1 + 2*2 + 3*4 = 12+4+12 = 28. I could attack Cordoba (defense 28) or Badajoz (85) or Madrid (60). Cordoba has defense 28, so it's a tie? Attack 28 vs defense 28. Tie favors defender. So I would lose. Badajoz is too strong. Madrid is 60. So Toledo cannot attack anything effectively alone.
   - I could send troops from Toledo to reinforce Valencia or Teruel? But they are far. Toledo to Valencia: Toledo -> Cordoba -> Valencia? Or Toledo -> Teruel -> Valencia? Road network: [8] Toledo: [4], [11], [12], [13]. So Toledo is connected to Badajoz, Cordoba, Madrid, Teruel. To get to Valencia, it's Toledo -> Teruel -> Valencia? Or Toledo -> Cordoba -> Valencia? That's 2 edges. So it takes time.
   - Teruel is under attack. I could send troops from Valencia to reinforce Teruel. Valencia has 2 archers. Send them to Teruel. They take 1 turn (Valencia to Teruel is 1 edge). They arrive at the same time as the enemy attack. So they would join the defense. Teruel's defense becomes 1 archer + 2 archers = 3 archers, effective defense maybe 9. The enemy army size is unknown. If it's small, I might repel it. If it's large, Teruel falls anyway. But sending the 2 archers from Valencia leaves Valencia empty. Valencia is a border village with Murcia (enemy). If the enemy attacks Valencia next turn, it would be undefended. But maybe the enemy won't attack Valencia immediately.
   - I could also send troops from Teruel to Valencia? But Teruel is under attack, so its troops might be destroyed.
   - I could send troops from Castellon to reinforce Tarragona? Castellon has 1 archer. Castellon to Tarragona is 1 turn. But Tarragona is sending all troops to attack Zaragoza, so Tarragona will be empty. If I send Castellon's archer to Tarragona, it arrives at the end of the turn, after the battle? The battle for Zaragoza happens at the end of the turn. The troops from Tarragona march to Zaragoza and fight. The troops from Castellon march to Tarragona and arrive. They don't affect the Zaragoza battle. Then Tarragona has 1 archer. But if the enemy attacks Tarragona next turn, it's weak.
   - I could send Barcelona's troops to reinforce Tarragona? Barcelona has 1 archer. Barcelona to Tarragona is 1 turn. Same as above.

Let's think about the overall strategy. My previous plan was to conquer Pamplona and Zaragoza. But Pamplona has defense 25, which is high. Zaragoza is weaker. So I should focus on Zaragoza.
If I take Zaragoza, I get a village. Then I can push toward Madrid or Pamplona. But I need to hold my existing villages.
The enemy is attacking Teruel. If Teruel falls, I lose a village. But maybe I can take Zaragoza to compensate, so I stay at 8? Actually, I have 8 now. If I lose Teruel, I have 7. If I take Zaragoza, I have 8. So net zero. But if I can take Zaragoza and hold it, and then take another village, I can grow.
But the enemy might reinforce Zaragoza after I attack? The attack happens this turn. Next turn, the enemy could attack Zaragoza from other villages to retake it. I would need to defend it. So I should have a plan to defend Zaragoza after taking it. That means I need to send reinforcements to Zaragoza next turn from Tarragona or Huesca. But if I leave Tarragona empty, I can't reinforce. So maybe I should not send all troops from Tarragona. I should leave some to defend Tarragona, and send some to attack Zaragoza. But if I send a smaller army, I might lose.
Let's calculate the battle for Zaragoza if I send a smaller army.
Zaragoza defense: 13 (effective). The garrison is 4 spearmen, 1 knight. Their attack? Not relevant since they are defending. Their defense: spearman defense 2, knight defense 2. In a village, defense x1.25. So 4 spearman defense = 4*2*1.25 = 10. 1 knight defense = 1*2*1.25 = 2.5. Total = 12.5, rounded to 13. So effective defense 13.
If I attack with fewer troops, say 10 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight (attack 22). I win, lose some.
If I attack with only 10 spearman (attack 10), vs 13, I lose.
If I attack with 10 spearman + 2 archer (attack 14), vs 13, I win by 1. But tie favors defender? "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER." So 14 vs 13, I win.
If I attack with 10 spearman + 1 archer (attack 12), vs 13, I lose.
So I need at least 14 attack to win. That's 10 spearman and 2 archers, or 8 spearman and 3 archers? 8*1 + 3*2 = 14. Or 6 spearman and 4 archers = 14. Or 2 spearman and 6 archers = 14. Or 1 knight (4) + 10 spearman (10) = 14. etc.
Tarragona has 10 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. If I send all, attack 22. If I leave 2 spearman, I send 8 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight = 8+4+8=20. Still win. If I leave 4 spearman, send 6 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight = 6+4+8=18. Win. If I leave 6 spearman, send 4 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight = 4+4+8=16. Win. If I leave 8 spearman, send 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight = 2+4+8=14. Win. If I leave 10 spearman, send 0 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight = 0+4+8=12. Lose.
So I can leave up to 8 spearman in Tarragona and still win with the rest. But if I leave 8 spearman, I send 2 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight (attack 14). That wins, but I lose troops. The more troops I send, the fewer proportional losses. So sending all is better for minimizing losses.
But if I send all, Tarragona is empty. Then if the enemy attacks Tarragona next turn, I have no defense. But Tarragona is a border village with Zaragoza. If I take Zaragoza, the border shifts. The enemy would have to attack Tarragona from Zaragoza? But if I take Zaragoza, it's mine, so the enemy can't attack from there. The enemy would have to attack Tarragona from somewhere else. Tarragona is connected to [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [22] Barcelona. So if Zaragoza is mine, the only enemy access is through Castellon? But Castellon is mine. So Tarragona becomes interior! "INTERIOR (no enemy border)" if all neighboring villages are mine. So if I take Zaragoza, Tarragona is no longer a border village; it's interior. That's great! Then it's safe from enemy attack unless the enemy takes Castellon or Barcelona first.
So taking Zaragoza secures Tarragona and Barcelona.
Therefore, I should send all troops from Tarragona to attack Zaragoza. I can also send troops from Huesca to attack Zaragoza? But they fight separately. If I send from Huesca as well, they might arrive after Tarragona's troops? Or at the same time? The march time from Huesca to Zaragoza is 1 turn (1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast). From Tarragona to Zaragoza: Tarragona -> Zaragoza is 1 edge? Road network: [21] Tarragona: [17], [18], [22]. So Tarragona is directly connected to Zaragoza! So Tarragona to Zaragoza is 1 edge. March time: probably 1 turn for all speeds. So both Tarragona and Huesca can reach Zaragoza in 1 turn.
If I send from both, they arrive at the same time. But "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So they would fight sequentially. The first send (say Tarragona) fights the garrison. If it wins, it takes the village, and the survivors become the new garrison. Then the second send (Huesca) arrives and fights... who? The new garrison is my own troops! But the rule says "Your own armies never fight each other: they pass freely." So would Huesca's troops fight my own garrison? The rule says they pass freely, so they wouldn't fight; they would just join the garrison. But the rule also says "each send fights alone, one at a time" when arriving at the same target. This might mean that if they are both attacking an enemy village, they fight the enemy one after the other. If the first send wins, the village is conquered, so the second send arrives and finds it friendly, so it joins. That would be beneficial: I get more troops in the village without fighting again.
But is that allowed? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there." If the village is now yours (after the first send conquers it), the second send would not stop; it would pass through? But it's the destination, so it would stop and join. However, the conquest happens in the same turn. The order of resolution might be: all attacks happen simultaneously? Or sequentially? The rules say "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS". But then it says "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up... each send fights alone, one at a time." This implies that even though orders are simultaneous, the fights happen one at a time. So the order might matter. If Tarragona's send fights first and wins, then Huesca's send arrives and joins. That would be great. But if Huesca's send fights first and loses, then Tarragona's send fights the original garrison? Or the weakened garrison? This is ambiguous.
To be safe, I should only send from one village to attack Zaragoza. I'll send all from Tarragona. I can leave some troops in Tarragona if I want, but since it becomes interior after the conquest, I might not need to leave any. However, if the attack fails, Tarragona is empty and vulnerable. But the attack should succeed with 22 vs 13.
What about Huesca? I can send Huesca's troops to reinforce Tarragona? But they can't reach in time. Or I can send them to attack Pamplona? Pamplona has defense 25. Huesca's
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
COMBATE [20] Huesca: atacante A Fatk=4 (ef 4) Fdef=4 (ef 8) vant=-1 -> vence defensor | baixas~1
COMBATE [15] Murcia: atacante A Fatk=14 (ef 21) Fdef=14 (ef 18) vant=1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~6
REFORCO [19] Pamplona dono A: 5S
COMBATE [19] Pamplona: atacante B Fatk=8 (ef 8) Fdef=22 (ef 41) vant=-1 -> vence defensor | baixas~2
REFORCO [20] Huesca dono B: 2S+2K
REFORCO [21] Tarragona dono B: 2S
REFORCO [21] Tarragona dono B: 2S
COMBATE [15] Murcia: atacante B Fatk=4 (ef 4) Fdef=14 (ef 26) vant=-1 -> vence defensor | baixas~1
REFORCO [8] Toledo dono B: 1K
placar: A 16 ald/tropas 260 | B 8 ald/tropas 43 | neutras 0 | transito 6 (A 6 | B 0)

########## TURNO 26 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4743 | resposta 13007 | raciocinio 8634 | finish stop | ms 163319
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 7, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 10, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 9, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 11, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 12, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 14, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 4},\n    {\"villageId\": 15, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 1, \"toId\": 4, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 10}},\n    {\"fromId\": 7, \"toId\": 12, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 10}},\n    {\"fromId\": 12, \"toId\": 17, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 15}},\n    {\"fromId\": 17, \"toId\": 13, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 10}},\n    {\"fromId\": 15, \"toId\": 16, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 14, \"toId\": 19, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 9, \"toId\": 11, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 10}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"We are reinforcing our border villages to ensure we hold 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns and win. We sent spearman from Santarem to Badajoz, Salamanca to Madrid, Madrid to Zaragoza, Zaragoza to Teruel, Murcia to Valencia, Burgos to Pamplona, and Sevilha to Cordoba. We built 2 spearman in every village (4 in Teruel and Valencia) to grow our army. Next turn, we will check if we have held 18 villages and prepare for any enemy counter-attacks.\",\n  \"statement\": \"This turn, we focused on reinforcing our borders to secure our 18 villages. We moved troops to Teruel, Valencia, Zaragoza, Pamplona, Cordoba, Madrid, and Badajoz to strengthen their defenses. We also built spearman in all our villages to replenish our ranks and ensure we maintain our hold on the map.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A in a turn-based strategy game.
Let's analyze the game state:
We are King A.
We currently hold 18 of 24 villages (75%). Wait, the prompt says "You currently hold 18 of 24. ... HOW TO WIN: hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village."
Wait, if we hold 18 of 24, we need to hold them for 2 consecutive turns to win, OR eliminate every enemy village.
Let's check how many villages we hold.
"YOUR VILLAGES (18)"
[0] Lisboa, [1] Santarem, [2] Evora, [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz, [5] Faro, [6] Porto, [7] Salamanca, [10] Vigo, [9] Sevilha, [11] Cordoba, [13] Teruel, [12] Madrid, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza, [16] Valencia, [15] Murcia, [19] Pamplona.
Total: 18 villages.
Let's check the enemy villages:
[8] Toledo, [18] Castellon, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona (enemy capital), [23] Girona.
Total enemy/neutral villages: 6 (Toledo, Castellon, Huesca, Tarragona, Barcelona, Girona).
Total villages on the map: 18 + 6 = 24.
We currently hold 18. If we hold 18 for 2 consecutive turns, we win! But wait, we just conquered Teruel and Valencia in the last turn ("You attacked [13] Teruel: VICTORY, conquered ... You attacked [16] Valencia: VICTORY, conquered").
Wait, did we hold them for 2 consecutive turns? We just conquered them this turn (Turn 26). So we need to hold them next turn (Turn 27) to make it 2 consecutive turns, or we need to have held them. If we just conquered them, this is the first turn we hold them, or is it the second? "WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN: You attacked [13] Teruel: VICTORY, conquered ... You attacked [16] Valencia: VICTORY, conquered". So this turn (Turn 26) we hold them. Next turn (Turn 27) we will hold them again, which will make 2 consecutive turns!
Wait, but if we lose any village, we might drop below 18. We must defend our villages and keep holding 18.
Let's look at the enemy villages and their troops:
[8] Toledo: 12 spearmen, 2 archers, 3 knights. Effective defense 43.
[18] Castellon: 1 archer. Effective defense 3.
[20] Huesca: 2 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights. Effective defense 13.
[21] Tarragona: 10 spearmen, 2 archers, 2 knights. Effective defense 35.
[22] Barcelona: unknown.
[23] Girona: unknown.

Let's look at our troops and resources.
We have 319 soldiers at home + 15 marching.
Let's see what is marching:
- 4 spearmen, 1 knight: [17] -> [13], arrives in 1 turn.
- 10 spearmen: [19] -> [17], arrives in 1 turn.
Wait, let's look at our villages and what we can build/send.
We want to maintain our 18 villages and prepare for any enemy counter-attacks, or maybe conquer more if needed, but since holding 18 for 2 consecutive turns is the win condition, we just need to survive this turn and hold 18 next turn, or maybe conquer more to be safe.
Wait, is there any threat of enemy attack?
The enemy has no armies sighted on the march ("ENEMY: none sighted").
But they can attack our border villages.
Our border villages are:
[4] Badajoz: border with [8] Toledo. Troops at home: 36. Effective defense: 90.
[11] Cordoba: border with [8] Toledo. Troops at home: 13. Effective defense: 33.
[13] Teruel: border with [8], [18]. Troops at home: 4. Effective defense: 10.
[12] Madrid: border with [8]. Troops at home: 25. Effective defense: 63.
[17] Zaragoza: border with [20], [21]. Troops at home: 12 (+ 4 spearmen, 1 knight marching out, but wait, the marching out are already not at home). Effective defense: 30.
[16] Valencia: border with [18]. Troops at home: 4. Effective defense: 10.
[19] Pamplona: border with [20]. Troops at home: 2 (+ 10 spearmen marching out). Effective defense: 5.

Wait! If we just need to hold 18 villages, we should reinforce our border villages, especially those with low defense like Teruel (10), Valencia (10), Pamplona (5), Cordoba (33), Zaragoza (30).
Let's check the troop counts and resources of each village to see what we can build and send.
Let's look at the available resources:
[0] Lisboa: wood 30, iron 310. Troops at home: 33. Can build: spearman (15 wood, 0 iron), archer (20 wood, 10 iron), knight (30 wood, 30 iron).
Wait, Lisboa has 310 iron, 30 wood. It can build knights or archers or spearmen.
Let's calculate the maximum troops we can build in each village.
Wait, the cap is 300 troops at home. Currently, most villages have way below 300 troops at home, so they can build.
Let's look at the resources and what we can build:
We want to build troops to reinforce our border villages, or just build spearmen since they are cheap (15 wood, 0 iron) and we have plenty of wood (each village produces 30 wood, and many have 30-70 wood stock).
Let's check wood and iron for each village:
[0] Lisboa: wood 30, iron 310. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood), or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron), or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron). Wait, wood is only 30! So we can only build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood) or 1 knight (30 wood). Let's build 2 spearman or 1 archer/knight. Actually, we have 30 wood, so we can build 2 spearman (costs 30 wood) or 1 knight (costs 30 wood) or 1 archer (costs 20 wood). Let's build 2 spearman or 1 knight.
[1] Santarem: wood 30, iron 330. Can build 2 spearman or 1 knight.
[2] Evora: wood 30, iron 390. Can build 2 spearman or 1 knight.
[3] Coimbra: wood 30, iron 360. Can build 2 spearman or 1 knight.
[4] Badajoz: wood 40, iron 300. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood) or 1 knight (30 wood) or 1 archer (20 wood). Let's build 2 spearman or 1 knight.
[5] Faro: wood 30, iron 360. Can build 2 spearman or 1 knight.
[6] Porto: wood 30, iron 310. Can build 2 spearman or 1 knight.
[7] Salamanca: wood 30, iron 210. Can build 2 spearman or 1 knight.
[10] Vigo: wood 30, iron 280. Can build 2 spearman or 1 knight.
[9] Sevilha: wood 30, iron 280. Can build 2 spearman or 1 knight.
[11] Cordoba: wood 30, iron 220. Can build 2 spearman or 1 knight.
[13] Teruel: wood 70, iron 70. Can build 4 spearman (60 wood) or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Let's build 4 spearman or 2 knights or 3 archers.
[12] Madrid: wood 40, iron 190. Can build 2 spearman or 1 knight or 1 archer.
[14] Burgos: wood 30, iron 200. Can build 2 spearman or 1 knight.
[17] Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 100. Can build 2 spearman or 1 knight or 5 archers (100 iron, but wood is only 30, so max 1 archer).
[16] Valencia: wood 60, iron 90. Can build 4 spearman (60 wood) or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
[15] Murcia: wood 30, iron 150. Can build 2 spearman or 1 knight.
[19] Pamplona: wood 30, iron 180. Can build 2 spearman or 1 knight.

Wait, the prompt says "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."
And "Each village you hold produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn."
So the resources listed are the current stock. We can only build if we have enough stock.
Let's see what we should build. Building spearmen is very efficient in terms of wood, but knights are better for defense/attack if we have iron. However, since we just need to hold 18 villages, maybe building spearmen in large quantities is good to reinforce the weak border villages (Teruel, Valencia, Pamplona, Cordoba).
Let's look at the marching troops:
- 4 spearmen, 1 knight: [17] -> [13] (Teruel), arrives in 1 turn. This will reinforce Teruel.
- 10 spearmen: [19] -> [17] (Zaragoza), arrives in 1 turn. This reinforces Zaragoza.
Wait, can we send more troops from our interior villages to the border villages to reinforce them?
Yes! "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements."
Let's look at the march distances:
From [0] Lisboa to [4] Badajoz: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
From [1] Santarem to [4] Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
From [2] Evora to [5] Faro: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns? No, [2] Evora is connected to [0], [5]. So [2] -> [5] is 1 step.
Let's look at the road network:
[0] Lisboa: [1], [2]
[1] Santarem: [0], [3], [4]
[2] Evora: [0], [5]
[3] Coimbra: [1], [6], [7]
[4] Badajoz: [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]
[5] Faro: [2], [4], [9]
[6] Porto: [3], [7], [10]
[7] Salamanca: [3], [4], [6], [12]
[8] Toledo (enemy): [4], [11], [12], [13]
[9] Sevilha: [4], [5], [11]
[10] Vigo: [6], [14]
[11] Cordoba: [8], [9], [15]
[12] Madrid: [7], [8], [14], [17]
[13] Teruel: [8], [16], [17], [18]
[14] Burgos: [10], [12], [19]
[15] Murcia: [11], [16]
[16] Valencia: [13], [15], [18]
[17] Zaragoza: [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]
[18] Castellon (enemy): [13], [16], [21]
[19] Pamplona: [14], [17], [20]
[20] Huesca (enemy): [17], [19], [23]
[21] Tarragona (enemy): [17], [18], [22]
[22] Barcelona (enemy capital): [21], [23]
[23] Girona: [20], [22]

Let's check the border villages we want to reinforce:
- [13] Teruel: currently has 4 troops. It is connected to [8] (enemy Toledo), [16] (our Valencia), [17] (our Zaragoza), [18] (enemy Castellon).
We can send troops from [17] Zaragoza to [13] Teruel. The distance is 1 step.
We can send troops from [16] Valencia to [13] Teruel. The distance is 1 step.
We can send troops from [12] Madrid to [13] Teruel via [17] or [8] (but [8] is enemy, so we can't go through enemy unless we conquer it, but we can go [12] -> [17] -> [13]).
Let's check the march distance from [17] Zaragoza to [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
From [16] Valencia to [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [16] Valencia: currently has 4 troops. Connected to [13] Teruel, [15] Murcia, [18] Castellon (enemy).
We can send troops from [15] Murcia to [16] Valencia. Distance: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
- [19] Pamplona: currently has 2 troops (+ 10 spearmen marching out, so 0 at home). Connected to [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza, [20] Huesca (enemy).
We can send troops from [14] Burgos to [19] Pamplona. Distance: [14] -> [19] is 1 step. Let's check: [14] Burgos is connected to [10], [12], [19]. So [14] -> [19] is 1 step.
We can send troops from [17] Zaragoza to [19] Pamplona. Distance: [17] -> [19] is 1 step.
- [11] Cordoba: currently has 13 troops. Connected to [8] Toledo (enemy), [9] Sevilha, [15] Murcia.
We can send troops from [9] Sevilha to [11] Cordoba. Distance: [9] -> [11] is 1 step.
We can send troops from [15] Murcia to [11] Cordoba. Distance: [15] -> [11] is 1 step.
- [4] Badajoz: currently has 36 troops. Connected to [1] Santarem, [5] Faro, [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo (enemy), [9] Sevilha.
We can send troops from [1] Santarem to [4] Badajoz. Distance: 1 step.
We can send troops from [7] Salamanca to [4] Badajoz. Distance: 1 step.
We can send troops from [5] Faro to [4] Badajoz. Distance: 1 step.
- [12] Madrid: currently has 25 troops. Connected to [7] Salamanca, [8] Toledo (enemy), [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza.
We can send troops from [7] Salamanca to [12] Madrid. Distance: 1 step.
We can send troops from [14] Burgos to [12] Madrid. Distance: 1 step.
- [17] Zaragoza: currently has 12 troops. Connected to [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel, [19] Pamplona, [20] Huesca (enemy), [21] Tarragona (enemy).
We can send troops from [12] Madrid to [17] Zaragoza. Distance: 1 step.
We can send troops from [19] Pamplona to [17] Zaragoza. Distance: 1 step.

Let's look at the available troops to send from each village:
[0] Lisboa: 20 spearman, 12 archer, 1 knight. (But it's interior, far from borders. To reach [4] Badajoz takes 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. To reach [12] Madrid takes longer. So maybe we don't send from Lisboa this turn, or we send to [1] Santarem or [2] Evora first, or just keep them for defense of Lisboa).
[1] Santarem: 20 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight. Can send to [4] Badajoz (1 step) or [3] Coimbra.
Let's send some spearman from [1] Santarem to [4] Badajoz to reinforce the border.
[2] Evora: 28 spearman, 6 archer. Can send to [5] Faro (1 step) or [0] Lisboa.
[3] Coimbra: 18 spearman, 3 archer. Can send to [1] Santarem, [6] Porto, [7] Salamanca.
[4] Badajoz: 26 spearman, 10 archer. This is a border village, we can send some of its troops to other borders if needed, but it already has 36 troops, which is quite strong. We can send some to [11] Cordoba? No, [4] is not directly connected to [11]. [4] is connected to [9] Sevilha, and [9] is connected to [11]. So [4] -> [9] -> [11] takes 2 steps.
[5] Faro: 26 spearman, 3 archer. Connected to [2], [4], [9].
[6] Porto: 19 spearman, 6 archer. Connected to [3], [7], [10].
[7] Salamanca: 12 spearman, 2 knight. Connected to [3], [4], [6], [12]. We can send to [12] Madrid (border) or [4] Badajoz (border).
[10] Vigo: 18 spearman, 3 archer. Connected to [6], [14].
[9] Sevilha: 16 spearman. Connected to [4], [5], [11]. We can send to [11] Cordoba (border).
[11] Cordoba: 12 spearman, 1 archer. Border with [8] Toledo. We can send from [9] Sevilha to [11] Cordoba.
[13] Teruel: 3 spearman, 1 archer. Border with [8], [18]. We can send from [17] Zaragoza to [13] Teruel.
[12] Madrid: 22 spearman, 3 archer. Border with [8]. We can send from [7] Salamanca to [12] Madrid.
[14] Burgos: 2 spearman. Connected to [10], [12], [19]. We can send to [19] Pamplona (border) or [12] Madrid (border).
[17] Zaragoza: 12 spearman. Border with [20], [21]. We can send from [12] Madrid to [17] Zaragoza, or from [14] Burgos to [17] Zaragoza, or from [19] Pamplona to [17] Zaragoza.
[16] Valencia: 3 spearman, 1 archer. Border with [18]. We can send from [15] Murcia to [16] Valencia.
[15] Murcia: 2 spearman. Connected to [11], [16]. We can send to [16] Valencia (border) or [11] Cordoba (border).
[19] Pamplona: 2 spearman. Border with [20]. We can send from [14] Burgos to [19] Pamplona.

Let's think about the overall strategy.
We want to hold 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns.
We currently hold 18. We just conquered Teruel and Valencia last turn. So this is the first turn we hold them. Next turn we will hold them again, which will make 2 consecutive turns, and we will win!
Wait, is it that simple? "hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns".
If we just hold them for one more turn without losing any, we win!
But wait, the enemy might attack our border villages. If they attack and conquer one of our villages, we will drop to 17, and the count of consecutive turns will reset or we will lose.
So we must defend our border villages strongly.
Let's look at the enemy's possible targets:
The enemy has [8] Toledo, [18] Castellon, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona, [23] Girona.
From [8] Toledo, they can attack [4] Badajoz, [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel.
From [18] Castellon, they can attack [13] Teruel, [16] Valencia, [21] Tarragona.
From [20] Huesca, they can attack [17] Zaragoza, [19] Pamplona, [23] Girona.
From [21] Tarragona, they can attack [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [22] Barcelona.
From [22] Barcelona, they can attack [21] Tarragona, [23] Girona.
From [23] Girona, they can attack [20] Huesca, [22] Barcelona.

So our vulnerable border villages are:
- [13] Teruel (defense 10, 4 troops)
- [16] Valencia (defense 10, 4 troops)
- [19] Pamplona (defense 5, 2 troops)
- [11] Cordoba (defense 33, 13 troops)
- [17] Zaragoza (defense 30, 12 troops)
- [12] Madrid (defense 63, 25 troops)
- [4] Badajoz (defense 90, 36 troops)

Let's reinforce the most vulnerable ones:
- [13] Teruel: currently has 4 troops. We have 4 spearmen, 1 knight marching from [17] to [13], arriving in 1 turn. That will bring it to 9 troops. Can we send more from [17] Zaragoza or [16] Valencia?
Wait, [17] Zaragoza has 12 spearman at home. We can send some of them to [13] Teruel.
Let's check the march from [17] to [13]: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.
If we send 10 spearman from [17] to [13], they will arrive next turn (or in 1 turn? "arrives in 1 turn" means they arrive at the end of the turn, or next turn? "arrives in 1 turn" usually means they will be there next turn, or at the end of this turn? Let's check the existing marches: "4 spearmen, 1 knight: [17] -> [13], arrives in 1 turn". This means they are already marching and will arrive next turn. If we send new troops now, they will arrive in 2 turns (since it takes 1 turn to march, and they start marching now, so they arrive in 1 turn from now, which is next turn's report? No, if it says "arrives in 1 turn", it means 1 turn from now. If we send now, it will also take 1 turn, so they arrive in 1 turn).
Wait, let's look at the march speed: "march from [17] Zaragoza to [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". This means it takes 1 turn for fast troops, 1 for medium, 1 for slow. So any troop sent now will arrive in 1 turn (at the start of the next turn, or during the next turn).
Let's send some troops from [17] Zaragoza to [13] Teruel. But wait, [17] Zaragoza is also a border village with [20] Huesca and [21] Tarragona. It has 12 troops. If we send them all to [13], Zaragoza might be left with 0 troops, which is risky if the enemy attacks Zaragoza.
But wait, we have 10 spearmen marching from [19] Pamplona to [17] Zaragoza, arriving in 1 turn! So Zaragoza will get reinforcements.
Also, we can send troops from [12] Madrid to [17] Zaragoza. Madrid has 22 spearman, 3 archer. We can send 10 spearman from Madrid to Zaragoza.
Let's look at [16] Valencia: currently has 4 troops. We can send troops from [15] Murcia to [16] Valencia. Murcia has 2 spearman. We can send them to Valencia.
We can also send troops from [13] Teruel to [16] Valencia? No, Teruel is also a border and has only 4 troops.
What about [19] Pamplona? It has 2 troops, and 10 spearmen are marching out, so 0 at home. We can send troops from [14] Burgos to [19] Pamplona. Burgos has 2 spearman. We can send them to Pamplona.
We can also send troops from [17] Zaragoza to [19] Pamplona.
Let's look at [11] Cordoba: has 13 troops, defense 33. It's somewhat safe, but we can send some from [9] Sevilha (16 spearman) to [11] Cordoba to make it even safer.

Let's plan the builds and movements carefully.
First, let's decide on builds.
We want to build spearmen because they are cheap and we have plenty of wood.
Let's build spearmen in as many villages as possible to increase our total troop count and have more to send.
Let's check the wood available in each village and build the maximum spearmen we can:
- [0] Lisboa: wood 30. Can build 2 spearman. (Cost 30 wood). Let's build 2 spearman.
- [1] Santarem: wood 30. Can build 2 spearman. (Cost 30 wood). Let's build 2 spearman.
- [2] Evora: wood 30. Can build 2 spearman. (Cost 30 wood). Let's build 2 spearman.
- [3] Coimbra: wood 30. Can build 2 spearman. (Cost 30 wood). Let's build 2 spearman.
- [4] Badajoz: wood 40. Can build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood) or 2 spearman and have 10 wood left. Let's build 2 spearman.
- [5] Faro: wood 30. Can build 2 spearman. Let's build 2 spearman.
- [6] Porto: wood 30. Can build 2 spearman. Let's build 2 spearman.
- [7] Salamanca: wood 30. Can build 2 spearman. Let's build 2 spearman.
- [10] Vigo: wood 30. Can build 2 spearman. Let's build 2 spearman.
- [9] Sevilha: wood 30. Can build 2 spearman. Let's build 2 spearman.
- [11] Cordoba: wood 30. Can build 2 spearman. Let's build 2 spearman.
- [13] Teruel: wood 70. Can build 4 spearman (cost 60 wood). Let's build 4 spearman.
- [12] Madrid: wood 40. Can build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood). Let's build 2 spearman.
- [14] Burgos: wood 30. Can build 2 spearman. Let's build 2 spearman.
- [17] Zaragoza: wood 30. Can build 2 spearman. Let's build 2 spearman.
- [16] Valencia: wood 60. Can build 4 spearman (cost 60 wood). Let's build 4 spearman.
- [15] Murcia: wood 30. Can build 2 spearman. Let's build 2 spearman.
- [19] Pamplona: wood 30. Can build 2 spearman. Let's build 2 spearman.

Wait, is there any village where we should build archers or knights instead?
We have a lot of iron in some villages:
[0] Lisboa: iron 310. We can build knights (30 wood, 30 iron) or archers (20 wood, 10 iron). But wood is only 30, so we can only build 1 knight or 1 archer. Spearman gives 2 troops for 30 wood, which is better for reinforcement. But knights have much higher attack/defense. However, for pure defense of a village, spearman is fine and we can build twice as many. Let's stick to spearman for now to maximize the number of troops, as numbers are very important in defense and we need to hold many villages.
Wait, let's look at the enemy's troops: they have knights and archers too. But our main goal is just to hold 18 villages. If we have a massive number of spearman, we can defend easily because defense counts x1.25 in a village, and spearman has defense 2. So 20 spearman in a village has an effective defense of 20 * 2 * 1.25 = 50, which is very high!
Let's double check the defense formula: "The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival... The 'effective defense' values in the report ALREADY include the location bonus. Use them directly; do not apply the bonus again."
Ah! The report already gives the "effective defense (location bonus included)".
Let's look at the effective defense of our villages:
[0] Lisboa: 99
[1] Santarem: 65
[2] Evora: 85
[3] Coimbra: 53
[4] Badajoz: 90
[5] Faro: 73
[6] Porto: 63
[7] Salamanca: 35
[10] Vigo: 53
[9] Sevilha: 40
[11] Cordoba: 33
[13] Teruel: 10
[12] Madrid: 63
[14] Burgos: 5
[17] Zaragoza: 30
[16] Valencia: 10
[15] Murcia: 5
[19] Pamplona: 5

Wait, why is Burgos, Murcia, Pamplona, Teruel, Valencia effective defense so low (5 or 10)?
Because they have very few troops!
Let's see:
[14] Burgos: 2 troops. Effective defense: 5.
[15] Murcia: 2 troops. Effective defense: 5.
[19] Pamplona: 2 troops. Effective defense: 5.
[13] Teruel: 4 troops. Effective defense: 10.
[16] Valencia: 4 troops. Effective defense: 10.
[11] Cordoba: 13 troops. Effective defense: 33.
[17] Zaragoza: 12 troops. Effective defense: 30.

If we send reinforcements to these villages, their effective defense will increase!
Let's calculate how many troops we should send to each vulnerable village to bring their effective defense up to a safe level (say, at least 30-40).
Let's look at the troops we can send:
From [1] Santarem (20 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight) to [4] Badajoz: Badajoz already has 36 troops (defense 90). We don't need to send there unless we want to move troops further. But Badajoz is a border, so keeping some troops there is good. We can send 10 spearman from Santarem to Badajoz.
From [7] Salamanca (12 spearman, 2 knight) to [12] Madrid: Madrid has 25 troops (defense 63). We can send 10 spearman from Salamanca to Madrid.
From [12] Madrid (22 spearman, 3 archer) to [17] Zaragoza: Zaragoza has 12 troops (defense 30). We can send 15 spearman from Madrid to Zaragoza. This will bring Zaragoza's troops to 12 + 15 = 27 (plus the 10 arriving from Pamplona, so 37!). That will make Zaragoza very strong.
From [17] Zaragoza (12 spearman) to [13] Teruel: Teruel has 4 troops (defense 10). We can send 10 spearman from Zaragoza to Teruel. This will bring Teruel's troops to 4 + 10 = 14 (plus the 4 spearman, 1 knight arriving from Zaragoza, so 19!). That will make Teruel much safer.
From [15] Murcia (2 spearman) to [16] Valencia: Valencia has 4 troops (defense 10). We can send 2 spearman from Murcia to Valencia.
From [14] Burgos (2 spearman) to [19] Pamplona: Pamplona has 2 troops (defense 5). We can send 2 spearman from Burgos to Pamplona.
From [9] Sevilha (16 spearman) to [11] Cordoba: Cordoba has 13 troops (defense 33). We can send 10 spearman from Sevilha to Cordoba. This will bring Cordoba to 23 troops.

Let's check if we have enough troops at the source villages after sending:
- [1] Santarem: has 20 spearman. Send 10 to [4] Badajoz. Remaining: 10 spearman. (Safe, Santarem is interior).
- [7] Salamanca: has 12 spearman. Send 10 to [12] Madrid. Remaining: 2 spearman. (Safe).
- [12] Madrid: has 22 spearman. Send 15 to [17] Zaragoza. Remaining: 7 spearman. (Madrid is border, but 7 spearman is okay, and we are building 2 more this turn).
- [17] Zaragoza: has 12 spearman. Send 10 to [13] Teruel. Remaining: 2 spearman. (But we are receiving 15 from Madrid and 10 from Pamplona, so it will have 2 + 15 + 10 = 27 troops soon!).
- [15] Murcia: has 2 spearman. Send 2 to [16] Valencia. Remaining: 0. (Murcia is interior, so 0 is fine).
- [14] Burgos: has 2 spearman. Send 2 to [19] Pamplona. Remaining: 0. (Burgos is interior, 0 is fine).
- [9] Sevilha: has 16 spearman. Send 10 to [11] Cordoba. Remaining: 6 spearman. (Sevilha is interior, 6 is fine).

Wait, what about [19] Pamplona? It has 2 spearman at home, and 10 spearmen are marching out (so 0 at home). We send 2 from Burgos to Pamplona. So Pamplona will have 2 troops.
What about [13] Teruel? It has 4 troops. We send 10 from Zaragoza, and 4 spearman, 1 knight are arriving from Zaragoza. So Teruel will have 4 + 10 + 5 = 19 troops.
What about [16] Valencia? It has 4 troops. We send 2 from Murcia. So Valencia will have 6 troops.
What about [11] Cordoba? It has 13 troops. We send 10 from Sevilha. So Cordoba will have 23 troops.

This looks like a very solid reinforcement plan!
Let's write down the exact movements:
1. From [1] Santarem to [4] Badajoz: 10 spearman.
2. From [7] Salamanca to [12] Madrid: 10 spearman.
3. From [12] Madrid to [17] Zaragoza: 15 spearman.
4. From [17] Zaragoza to [13] Teruel: 10 spearman.
5. From [15] Murcia to [16] Valencia: 2 spearman.
6. From [14] Burgos to [19] Pamplona: 2 spearman.
7. From [9] Sevilha to [11] Cordoba: 10 spearman.

Wait, let's check if we can send archers or knights as well, or if we should just send spearman to keep it simple.
Spearman are slow, but they are numerous and cheap. Since we are sending them to nearby villages (1 step), speed doesn't matter much because they will arrive in 1 turn anyway (1 slow turn is 1 turn).
Let's check the march distance for each of these:
- [1] Santarem to [4] Badajoz: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So spearman (slow) takes 1 turn.
- [7] Salamanca to [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Spearman takes 1 turn.
- [12] Madrid to [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Spearman takes 1 turn.
- [17] Zaragoza to [13] Teruel: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Spearman takes 1 turn.
- [15] Murcia to [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Spearman takes 1 turn.
- [14] Burgos to [19] Pamplona: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Spearman takes 1 turn.
- [9] Sevilha to [11] Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Spearman takes 1 turn.

All these marches take exactly 1 turn for slow troops, so they will arrive next turn! This is perfect.

Let's double check if we have enough troops at the source villages to send:
- [1] Santarem: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 20 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight". We send 10 spearman. Yes, we have 20.
- [7] Salamanca: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 12 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight". We send 10 spearman. Yes, we have 12.
- [12] Madrid: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 22 spearman, 3 archer, 0 knight". We send 15 spearman. Yes, we have 22.
- [17] Zaragoza: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 12 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight". We send 10 spearman. Yes, we have 12. (Wait, the report says "already marching out (NOT available): 4 spearmen, 1 knight". So the 12 spearman are indeed at home and available).
- [15] Murcia: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight". We send 2 spearman. Yes, we have 2.
- [14] Burgos: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight". We send 2 spearman. Yes, we have 2.
- [9] Sevilha: "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 16 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight". We send 10 spearman. Yes, we have 16.

This is extremely consistent and feasible!

Let's check the builds again.
We want to build spearman in every village to maximize our troop production.
Let's list the build orders for each village:
- [0] Lisboa: build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood). Wood is 30, so we can afford it.
- [1] Santarem: build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood). Wood is 30.
- [2] Evora: build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood). Wood is 30.
- [3] Coimbra: build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood). Wood is 30.
- [4] Badajoz: build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood). Wood is 40.
- [5] Faro: build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood). Wood is 30.
- [6] Porto: build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood). Wood is 30.
- [7] Salamanca: build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood). Wood is 30.
- [10] Vigo: build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood). Wood is 30.
- [9] Sevilha: build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood). Wood is 30.
- [11] Cordoba: build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood). Wood is 30.
- [13] Teruel: build 4 spearman (cost 60 wood). Wood is 70.
- [12] Madrid: build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood). Wood is 40.
- [14] Burgos: build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood). Wood is 30.
- [17] Zaragoza: build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood). Wood is 30.
- [16] Valencia: build 4 spearman (cost 60 wood). Wood is 60.
- [15] Murcia: build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood). Wood is 30.
- [19] Pamplona: build 2 spearman (cost 30 wood). Wood is 30.

Wait, let's check if we can build more in some villages:
- [13] Teruel: wood 70. We can build 4 spearman (60 wood). Can we build 5? 5 spearman costs 75 wood, which is more than 70. So 4 is the max.
- [16] Valencia: wood 60. We can build 4 spearman (60 wood). Max is 4.
- [4] Badajoz: wood 40. We can build 2 spearman (30 wood). Can we build 3? 3 costs 45 wood. So 2 is the max.
- [12] Madrid: wood 40. We can build 2 spearman (30 wood). Max is 2.
- All other villages have wood 30, so they can build exactly 2 spearman (30 wood).

Let's write down the JSON build list:
`"build": [ {"villageId": 0, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}, {"villageId": 1, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}, {"villageId": 2, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}, {"villageId": 3, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}, {"villageId": 4, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}, {"villageId": 5, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}, {"villageId": 6, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}, {"villageId": 7, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}, {"villageId": 10, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}, {"villageId": 9, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}, {"villageId": 11, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}, {"villageId": 13, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4}, {"villageId": 12, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}, {"villageId": 14, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}, {"villageId": 17, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}, {"villageId": 16, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 4}, {"villageId": 15, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}, {"villageId": 19, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2} ]`

Wait, let's count the number of villages in the build list:
0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 19.
Total: 18 villages. This matches our 18 villages perfectly!

Let's write down the movements list:
`"movements": [ {"fromId": 1, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 10}}, {"fromId": 7, "toId": 12, "troops": {"spearman": 10}}, {"fromId": 12, "toId": 17, "troops": {"spearman": 15}}, {"fromId": 17, "toId": 13, "troops": {"spearman": 10}}, {"fromId": 15, "toId": 16, "troops": {"spearman": 2}}, {"fromId": 14, "toId": 19, "troops": {"spearman": 2}}, {"fromId": 9, "toId": 11, "troops": {"spearman": 10}} ]`

Let's double check if there are any other movements we should make.
What about the existing marches?
- 4 spearmen, 1 knight: [17] -> [13], arrives in 1 turn. (This is already ordered, we don't need to order it again).
- 10 spearmen: [19] -> [17], arrives in 1 turn. (Already ordered).
So we don't need to include these in our movements list for this turn, as they are already on the march. The prompt says "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." So we only order NEW movements.

Let's review the plan and statement.
The plan should be a note to ourselves for the next turn:
"We are reinforcing our border villages to ensure we hold 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns and win. We sent spearman from Santarem to Badajoz, Salamanca to Madrid, Madrid to Zaragoza, Zaragoza to Teruel, Murcia to Valencia, Burgos to Pamplona, and Sevilha to Cordoba. We built 2 spearman in every village (4 in Teruel and Valencia) to grow our army. Next turn, we will check if we have held 18 villages and prepare for any enemy counter-attacks."

The statement should be for the audience:
"This turn, we focused on reinforcing our borders to secure our 18 villages. We moved troops to Teruel, Valencia, Zaragoza, Pamplona, Cordoba, Madrid, and Badajoz to strengthen their defenses. We also built spearman in all our villages to replenish our ranks and ensure we maintain our hold on the map."

Let's check the character limits:
"plan": 2 to 4 lines, anything past 600 characters is cut off. Our plan is around 400 characters, which is perfect.
"statement": 2 to 4 lines. Our statement is around 300 characters, which is perfect.

Let's do a quick sanity check on the JSON format:
{
  "build": [ {"villageId": 0, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}, ... ],
  "movements": [ {"fromId": 1, "toId": 4, "troops": {"spearman": 10}}, ... ],
  "plan": "...",
  "statement": "..."
}
This matches the requested format exactly.

Let's double check the village IDs and names to make sure they are correct:
[0] Lisboa - yes
[1] Santarem - yes
[2] Evora - yes
[3] Coimbra - yes
[4] Badajoz - yes
[5] Faro - yes
[6] Porto - yes
[7] Salamanca - yes
[9] Sevilha - yes
[10] Vigo - yes
[11] Cordoba - yes
[12] Madrid - yes
[13] Teruel - yes
[14] Burgos - yes
[15] Murcia - yes
[16] Valencia - yes
[17] Zaragoza - yes
[19] Pamplona - yes

All IDs are correct and correspond to our villages.
The movements are between connected villages:
- [1] Santarem to [4] Badajoz: connected (Road network: [1] Santarem: [0], [3], [4]). Yes.
- [7] Salamanca to [12] Madrid: connected (Road network: [7] Salamanca: [3], [4], [6], [12]). Yes.
- [12] Madrid to [17] Zaragoza: connected (Road network: [12] Madrid: [7], [8], [14], [17]). Yes.
- [17] Zaragoza to [13] Teruel: connected (Road network: [17] Zaragoza: [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]). Yes.
- [15] Murcia to [16] Valencia: connected (Road network: [15] Murcia: [11], [16]). Yes.
- [14] Burgos to [19] Pamplona: connected (Road network: [14] Burgos: [10], [12], [19]). Yes.
- [9] Sevilha to [11] Cordoba: connected (Road network: [9] Sevilha: [4], [5], [11]). Yes.

Everything is perfectly aligned and logically sound. I am ready to write the response.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":1,"destinoId":4,"tropas":{"lanceiro":10}},{"origemId":7,"destinoId":12,"tropas":{"lanceiro":10}},{"origemId":12,"destinoId":17,"tropas":{"lanceiro":15}},{"origemId":17,"destinoId":13,"tropas":{"lanceiro":10}},{"origemId":15,"destinoId":16,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2}},{"origemId":14,"destinoId":19,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2}},{"origemId":9,"destinoId":11,"tropas":{"lanceiro":10}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [10]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [10]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [13]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [13]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [13]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [13]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [12]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [12]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [14]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [14]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [15]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [15]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO envio [1]->[4]: 10S
ACEITO envio [7]->[12]: 10S
ACEITO envio [12]->[17]: 15S
ACEITO envio [17]->[13]: 10S
ACEITO envio [15]->[16]: 2S
ACEITO envio [14]->[19]: 2S
ACEITO envio [9]->[11]: 10S
plano (volta no proximo prompt): We are reinforcing our border villages to ensure we hold 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns and win. We sent spearman from Santarem to Badajoz, Salamanca to Madrid, Madrid to Zaragoza, Zaragoza to Teruel, Murcia to Valencia, Burgos to Pamplona, and Sevilha to Cordoba. We built 2 spearman in every village (4 in Teruel and Valencia) to grow our army. Next turn, we will check if we have held 18 villages and prepare for any enemy counter-attacks.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): This turn, we focused on reinforcing our borders to secure our 18 villages. We moved troops to Teruel, Valencia, Zaragoza, Pamplona, Cordoba, Madrid, and Badajoz to strengthen their defenses. We also built spearman in all our villages to replenish our ranks and ensure we maintain our hold on the map.
########## TURNO 26 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 3544 | resposta 19630 | raciocinio 19630 | finish content_filter | ms 317670
resposta crua: ""
raciocinio: We need to parse the situation. The user is King B. The goal: hold at least 18 of 24 villages for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. Currently hold 6 of 24. The enemy capital is hardest but not required. Our capital is not essential.

We have 6 villages: Barcelona (22), Tarragona (21), Girona (23), Castellon (18), Huesca (20), Toledo (8). Total troops: 40 at home (24 spearman, 9 archer, 7 knight). No marching troops.

Enemy villages visible: Zaragoza (17), Valencia (16), Teruel (13), Madrid (12), Pamplona (19), Cordoba (11), Badajoz (4). Also known from before: Murcia (15), Burgos (14), Salamanca (7). Unexplored: Porto (6), Vigo (10), Coimbra (3), Sevilha (9), Faro (5), Santarem (1), Lisboa (0), Evora (2). So total villages: 24. We have 6, enemy has at least 11 visible + 3 known + 8 unexplored = 22? Actually total 24, we have 6, so enemy has 18. Some unexplored may be neutral? But likely all enemy or neutral. But we need to hold 18 of 24 to win, so we need to capture 12 more villages. Or eliminate every enemy village.

We need to plan builds and movements.

First, analyze resources and builds.

Each village produces 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. Each village has its own stock. We need to see each village's wood and iron.

From report:

Barcelona (22): wood 70 (+30/turn) | iron 90 (+20/turn) | troops at home: 1/300. Available to send: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight. So it has 1 archer. It can build troops. Costs: spearman 15 wood, 0 iron; archer 20 wood, 10 iron; knight 30 wood, 30 iron. Barcelona has wood 70, iron 90. It can build multiple troops. But cap per village: when number of troops at home reaches 300, stops building. Currently 1, so can build.

Tarragona (21): wood 80 (+30/turn) | iron 40 (+20/turn) | troops at home: 14/300. Available: 10 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. So it has 14 troops. Can build more.

Girona (23): wood 80 (+30/turn) | iron 40 (+20/turn) | troops at home: 2/300. Available: 0 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight.

Castellon (18): wood 70 (+30/turn) | iron 90 (+20/turn) | troops at home: 1/300. Available: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight.

Huesca (20): wood 80 (+30/turn) | iron 40 (+20/turn) | troops at home: 5/300. Available: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight.

Toledo (8): wood 70 (+30/turn) | iron 150 (+20/turn) | troops at home: 17/300. Available: 12 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight.

So total troops at home: 1+14+2+1+5+17 = 40. Breakdown: spearman: 24, archer: 9, knight: 7. That matches.

We need to decide builds. We can build any number as long as resources suffice and not exceed cap. We can build multiple types.

We need to consider strategy. We have 6 villages, enemy has many. We need to capture villages. The enemy capital is Lisboa (0), unknown garrison. But we don't need to take it to win; we need 18 villages total. We have 6, need 12 more. There are 18 enemy villages. If we capture 12, we will have 18, and enemy will have 6. That could win if we hold for 2 consecutive turns. Or we could eliminate every enemy village, which would require capturing all 18. That might be harder.

But we need to consider that neutral villages harden with time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type. Are there any neutral villages? The report says "Neutral villages harden with time". But all villages we see are enemy (King A). The unexplored might be neutral? Possibly some are neutral. But we don't know. The map has 24 villages total. We have 6, enemy has at least 11 visible + 3 known + 8 unexplored = 22? Actually 6+11+3+8 = 28, too many. Let's recount: total villages 24. We have 6. Enemy visible: 17,16,13,12,19,11,4 = 7. Known from before: 15,14,7 = 3. So enemy known = 10. Unexplored: 6,10,3,9,5,1,0,2 = 8. So total enemy + unexplored = 18. So all non ours are enemy or neutral? The report says "Neutral villages harden with time". So some of the unexplored might be neutral. But we don't know.

Given the fog, we need to explore. But we can only move troops along roads.

We need to plan a campaign. Let's think about fronts.

Our villages: Barcelona (22) interior, Tarragona (21) border with Zaragoza (17). Girona (23) interior, nearest front Huesca (20). Castellon (18) border with Teruel (13) and Valencia (16). Huesca (20) border with Zaragoza (17) and Pamplona (19). Toledo (8) border with Badajoz (4), Cordoba (11), Madrid (12), Teruel (13).

So we have multiple fronts.

Enemy villages: Zaragoza (17) has 12 spearmen, defense 30. Valencia (16) has 3 spearmen, 1 archer, defense 10. Teruel (13) has 3 spearmen, 1 archer, defense 10. Madrid (12) has 22 spearmen, 3 archers, defense 63. Pamplona (19) has 2 spearmen, defense 5. Cordoba (11) has 12 spearmen, 1 archer, defense 33. Badajoz (4) has 26 spearmen, 10 archers, defense 90.

Also known: Murcia (15) last seen 6 spearmen, 1 archer. Burgos (14) last seen 10 spearmen, 3 archers. Salamanca (7) last seen 6 spearmen, 8 archers, 1 knight.

Enemy capital Lisboa (0) unknown.

We need to capture villages. The easiest ones: Pamplona (19) defense 5, 2 spearmen. Valencia (16) defense 10, 4 troops. Teruel (13) defense 10, 4 troops. These are weak. But we need to consider that we can attack from multiple sides.

However, we must also consider that the enemy is reinforcing: last turn, enemy attacked and took Teruel and Valencia from us? Actually the report says: "King A attacked YOUR [13] Teruel with 4 spearmen, 1 archer (effective force 6 vs your defense 4): the village FELL. Your garrison (1 archer) was destroyed." and "King A attacked YOUR [16] Valencia with 6 spearmen, 1 archer (effective force 8 vs your defense 8): the village FELL. Your garrison (2 archers) were destroyed." So we lost those villages. They are now enemy again. So we need to retake them.

Also reinforcements arrived at Zaragoza (10 spearmen) and Madrid (9 spearmen). So enemy is strengthening.

We need to build troops. We have resources. Let's compute what we can build this turn.

Each village's resources:

Barcelona: wood 70, iron 90. Can build:
- spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron -> max 4 (70/15=4.66) but iron not limiting.
- archer: 20 wood, 10 iron -> max 4 (70/20=3.5, 90/10=9) so 3 archers.
- knight: 30 wood, 30 iron -> max 2 (70/30=2.33, 90/30=3) so 2 knights.
But we need to consider total troops at home cap 300, currently 1, so fine.

Tarragona: wood 80, iron 40.
- spearman: 15 wood -> 5 max (80/15=5.33)
- archer: 20 wood, 10 iron -> 4 max (80/20=4, 40/10=4) so 4 archers.
- knight: 30 wood, 30 iron -> 1 max (80/30=2.66, 40/30=1.33) so 1 knight.

Girona: wood 80, iron 40. Same as Tarragona? Actually Girona has wood 80, iron 40. So same.

Castellon: wood 70, iron 90. Same as Barcelona.

Huesca: wood 80, iron 40. Same as Tarragona.

Toledo: wood 70, iron 150.
- spearman: 15 wood -> 4 max (70/15=4.66)
- archer: 20 wood, 10 iron -> 3 max (70/20=3.5, 150/10=15) so 3 archers.
- knight: 30 wood, 30 iron -> 2 max (70/30=2.33, 150/30=5) so 2 knights.

We need to decide what to build. We want to create a strong army. We have many spearman already (24). But spearman are cheap. We might want to build archers and knights to have balanced forces. But consider counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies whole army's force by 1.5. The most numerous type sets the counter matchup. So if we have mostly spearman, we counter knight, but we might face enemy spearman? Actually enemy has many spearman. If we have mostly spearman, we counter knight, but enemy might have knights? Not sure. But we can also mix.

But we need to consider that we can send troops from multiple villages to attack one target, but they fight separately. So it's better to send a single army from one village to attack, because if we send from multiple, they fight one at a time, and the defender gets defense bonus each time. So we should concentrate forces.

We need to capture villages. Let's list possible attacks:

From Tarragona (21) to Zaragoza (17): distance 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So if we send knights, they arrive in 1 turn? Actually travel time: "march from [20] Huesca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means if we send spearman (slow), it takes 1 turn? Wait: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means that for each speed, the travel time is that many turns? Actually it says: "march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns". So for Tarragona to Zaragoza, it says "march from [21] Tarragona: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Zaragoza? Actually the report says for Zaragoza: "march from [20] Huesca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". But also Tarragona is connected to Zaragoza? Road network: [21] Tarragona: [17], [18], [22]. So Tarragona is directly connected to Zaragoza (17). So we can attack from Tarragona to Zaragoza. The report doesn't give march distance from Tarragona to Zaragoza, but since they are connected, it's likely 1 turn for all speeds? Actually the road network shows direct connection, so travel time should be 1 turn for any speed? But the report says "march from [20] Huesca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Zaragoza. For Tarragona, it might be similar. We can assume 1 turn.

But we need to consider that we can send troops now, and they will arrive next turn? Actually orders are simultaneous: we write orders, enemy writes orders, then all happen. So if we send troops, they will march and arrive after the travel time. During that time, the enemy can also move.

We need to decide which village to attack first. The easiest is Pamplona (19) with defense 5, 2 spearmen. It is connected to Huesca (20) and Burgos (14) and Zaragoza (17). From Huesca, distance: "march from [20] Huesca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" for Pamplona? Actually report says for Pamplona: "march from [20] Huesca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So it takes 2 turns for slow, 1 for medium/fast. So if we send knights, they arrive in 1 turn. If we send archers, 1 turn. Spearman 2 turns.

Valencia (16) from Castellon (18): "march from [18] Castellon: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So 1 turn for all.

Teruel (13) from Toledo (8): "march from [8] Toledo: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". Also from Castellon? Castellon is connected to Teruel? Road: [18] Castellon: [13], [16], [21]. So yes, Castellon to Teruel is 1 turn? But report says from Toledo: 1 turn. From Castellon likely 1 turn as well.

Madrid (12) from Toledo: "2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So 2 turns for slow.

Cordoba (11) from Toledo: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".

Badajoz (4) from Toledo: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".

Zaragoza (17) from Tarragona or Huesca: both likely 1 turn.

So we can reach many in 1 turn with fast troops.

We need to consider enemy reinforcements: they are sending armies to Teruel and Zaragoza (their own villages) arriving in 1 turn. So they are reinforcing those. That might mean those villages will have more troops next turn.

We need to act fast. Perhaps we should attack the weak villages now: Pamplona, Valencia, Teruel. But Teruel and Valencia are already enemy, and we lost them last turn. We should retake them.

But we need to have enough force to overcome defense. Let's compute effective force.

Combat rules: Attackers count their ATTACK; defenders count DEFENSE. The most numerous type sets counter matchup. If we have counter, multiply whole army force by 1.5. Then compare effective force. Higher wins. Tie favors defender. Loser destroyed entirely. Winner loses troops worth half of loser's effective force, spread over troop types.

We need to calculate our attack force and enemy defense.

Enemy defense values given are effective defense (location bonus included). So we just use those numbers.

For attack, we need to sum the attack values of our troops. spearman attack 1, archer attack 2, knight attack 4. Then apply counter bonus if applicable.

We need to decide troop composition. We have at home: 24 spearman, 9 archer, 7 knight. We can also build new troops this turn, but they will be ready in 1 turn? Actually build time: "ready in 1 turn." So if we order builds now, they will be available next turn? The rules: "Each troop type has its own ATTACK and DEFENSE values... costs... ready in 1 turn." So if we build this turn, they will be ready at the start of next turn? But we also can send them this turn? Typically, builds ordered now are available next turn. But the report says "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." So we can build, and they will be ready next turn. But we can also send existing troops now. So we need to decide whether to wait for new troops or attack now.

Given that travel times are 1-2 turns, we might want to build more troops first, then send them next turn. But the enemy is also building and moving. We need to be aggressive.

Let's think about the numbers. We have 40 troops total. Enemy has many. We need to capture villages. Each capture gives us resources and troops? Actually when we capture a village, the surviving attackers stay as garrison. So we can then use that village to build and produce.

But we need to hold 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns. So we need to expand quickly.

Let's list enemy villages with weak defenses:
- Pamplona (19): defense 5, 2 spearmen. Very weak.
- Valencia (16): defense 10, 3 spearmen, 1 archer.
- Teruel (13): defense 10, 3 spearmen, 1 archer.
- Cordoba (11): defense 33, 12 spearmen, 1 archer. Moderate.
- Zaragoza (17): defense 30, 12 spearmen.
- Madrid (12): defense 63, 22 spearmen, 3 archers. Strong.
- Badajoz (4): defense 90, 26 spearmen, 10 archers. Very strong.
- Murcia (15): last seen 6 spearmen, 1 archer, unknown defense.
- Burgos (14): last seen 10 spearmen, 3 archers.
- Salamanca (7): last seen 6 spearmen, 8 archers, 1 knight.

We should attack the weakest first to gain numbers. But we need to consider that we can only attack one village per army per turn, and armies from different villages fight separately.

We have multiple villages that can attack. We can coordinate multiple attacks on different fronts, but they are independent.

Let's consider each of our villages and what they can do.

Barcelona (22): interior, nearest front Tarragona (21). It can send troops to Tarragona to reinforce, then from there to Zaragoza. But it takes time. Or it can send directly to Tarragona? Actually to attack, we must send to an enemy village directly if there is a road. Barcelona is connected to Tarragona and Girona. To reach enemy, it must go through Tarragona or Girona then Huesca etc. But we can send troops from Barcelona to Tarragona (our village) to reinforce it. Then from Tarragona they can attack. But that takes 1 turn to reach Tarragona, then another turn to attack? Actually if we send from Barcelona to Tarragona, they arrive next turn. Then we can order them to attack from Tarragona the same turn they arrive? The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So if we send from Barcelona to Tarragona, they join the garrison. Then we can send them from Tarragona to attack, but that would be a separate order next turn. So it takes multiple turns.

Alternatively, we can send from Barcelona directly to an enemy village if there is a road? But Barcelona only connects to Tarragona and Girona. So it cannot reach an enemy village directly. So Barcelona is a rear village. It can only send troops to front villages.

Similarly, Girona (23) connects to Huesca (20) and Barcelona (22). So it can send to Huesca.

So our front villages are Tarragona, Castellon, Huesca, Toledo. They can attack directly.

We need to decide where to send each.

Let's consider the enemy's next turn moves. They have armies marching to Teruel and Zaragoza (reinforcements). So next turn, those villages will have more troops. That might make them harder to attack. So perhaps we should attack them before they arrive? But orders are simultaneous: we order now, enemy orders now. The enemy reinforcements are already on the march (they were ordered last turn). They will arrive next turn regardless of what we do. So if we attack Zaragoza now, we will fight the current garrison (12 spearmen). The reinforcement (10 spearmen) will arrive next turn, but if we conquer it this turn, the reinforcement might be diverted? Actually the rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". If we attack and conquer Zaragoza, the enemy reinforcement marching to Zaragoza will arrive at a village that is now ours? Or they might stop at the first enemy village? The reinforcement is marching to Zaragoza, which is their own village. If we conquer it, it becomes ours. The reinforcement army is on the road. When they arrive, they will find the village is now ours, so they will attack it? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". So if they are marching to Zaragoza and it's now ours, they will stop and fight there. So they would attack the village we just captured. That could be good because they might be weakened. But we need to hold it.

Alternatively, we could attack a different village to avoid the reinforcement.

Let's think about the overall strategy. We need 18 villages. We have 6. We need to capture 12. There are 18 enemy villages. If we capture 12, we win. We should focus on the weak ones to grow our territory and resources.

Possible targets: Pamplona (19), Valencia (16), Teruel (13), Cordoba (11), Zaragoza (17). Also Murcia (15) if we can reach it.

Let's calculate attack forces needed.

First, Pamplona: defense 5, 2 spearmen. What is the effective defense? It says effective defense (location bonus included): 5. So we need to beat 5. Our attack force: if we send, say, 5 spearman (attack 1 each = 5). But we need to consider counter. Enemy has 2 spearmen, so most numerous is spearman. If we send only spearman, our most numerous is spearman. The counter triangle: spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. So if both have spearman as most numerous, no counter bonus? Actually the rule: "Counter triangle (a BONUS, not an automatic win): spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer. Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5 (every troop in it, not only the countering type). The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."

So if both have spearman as most numerous, then neither has a counter? Actually the counter is determined by comparing the most numerous types. If both are spearman, then spearman vs spearman: no counter because spearman does not counter itself. So no bonus. If we have more knights than anything else, and enemy has spearman, then spearman counters knight, so enemy gets counter bonus? Wait: "spearman counters knight" means if the attacker has spearman as most numerous and defender has knight as most numerous, then attacker gets bonus? Or is it that the side with the counter gets the bonus? The rule: "Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5". So if your most numerous type counters your opponent's most numerous type, you get the bonus. So if attacker has spearman and defender has knight, attacker gets bonus. If attacker has knight and defender has spearman, defender gets bonus? Actually "spearman counters knight" implies that spearman is strong against knight. So if you have spearman and they have knight, you have the counter, so your force is multiplied. So it's an attacker's advantage if you counter them. But the rule says "Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5". So it's not symmetric; the side that has the counter gets the multiplier. So if attacker has spearman and defender has knight, attacker gets 1.5x. If attacker has knight and defender has spearman, defender gets 1.5x? But the rule says "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup". So we compare the attacker's most numerous type and defender's most numerous type. If attacker's type counters defender's type, attacker gets bonus. If defender's type counters attacker's type, defender gets bonus. If no counter, no bonus.

So we need to design our army to counter the enemy's most numerous type. Enemy at Pamplona has 2 spearmen, so most numerous is spearman. To counter spearman, we need archers (archer counters spearman). So if we send archers as our most numerous type, we get 1.5x multiplier. That would help.

But we also need to consider that we can include other types, but the most numerous sets the matchup. If we send, say, 3 archers and 1 knight, most numerous is archer, which counters spearman, so we get 1.5x. Our attack force: 3 archers *2 =6, 1 knight *4=4, total 10, times 1.5 =15. That beats 5 easily. But we might lose some troops. The loser is destroyed entirely; winner loses troops worth half of loser's effective force. The loser's effective force: enemy defense is 5, but that's the effective defense. In combat, the defender's effective force is their defense value? Actually the rule: "When you ATTACK, your troops count their ATTACK; the DEFENDER counts the DEFENSE of theirs." So the defender's force is their defense (which already includes location bonus). So enemy force is 5. Our force is 15. We win. The loser (enemy) is destroyed entirely (their 2 spearmen die). The winner (us) loses troops worth half of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types. Half of 5 is 2.5, rounded? Probably integer? The rule says "half of the loser's effective force", so 2.5. How to spread? It says "that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself." We need to interpret: we lose troops whose total attack value equals half the loser's effective force? Or something else? The rule: "The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size". So if loser's effective force is 5, half is 2.5. We lose troops with total attack value of 2.5? But attack values are integers. Maybe it's rounded? Or maybe it's the number of troops? The rule is vague. But we can assume we lose some troops. For a small defense, we might lose 1 or 2 troops.

But we need to be careful: if we attack with too few, we might lose. But with 3 archers and 1 knight, we should win easily.

However, we need to have those troops available. We have at Huesca: available to send: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. That's 5 troops. But we might want to send more. We can also build new troops at Huesca this turn. Huesca has wood 80, iron 40. It can build, say, archers. Let's see.

We need to plan builds and movements for this turn.

Let's list our villages and what they can send now (existing troops) and what they can build.

We'll decide on a strategy: Attack Pamplona from Huesca, Valencia from Castellon, Teruel from either Toledo or Castellon, Zaragoza from Tarragona or Huesca. But we need to coordinate.

We have limited troops. We might want to concentrate on one front at a time to avoid being overextended. But we need to expand quickly.

Let's consider the enemy's strength. They have a large army at Badajoz (90 defense) and Madrid (63). Those are heavily fortified. We should avoid them for now. Focus on the south/east: Pamplona, Valencia, Teruel, Zaragoza, Cordoba, Murcia.

We have Toledo near Cordoba and Teruel. Tarragona near Zaragoza. Huesca near Pamplona and Zaragoza. Castellon near Valencia and Teruel.

We could try to take Pamplona and Valencia this turn, then next turn push deeper.

But we need to consider that the enemy might attack our villages this turn. They have armies marching to Teruel and Zaragoza (reinforcements), but they might also attack elsewhere. We don't know their orders. We must be prepared to defend our villages. Our villages have defenses: Tarragona defense 35, Huesca 13, Castellon 3, Toledo 43. Some are weak: Castellon defense 3, Huesca 13. They might be attacked. We need to keep troops in them to defend, or reinforce.

The rule: "Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital)." But the effective defense given already includes the location bonus. So we just use the numbers.

Castellon has effective defense 3, which is very low. It might be vulnerable. We should reinforce it or send troops away? If we send all troops away, it will be defenseless. But we can leave some troops. The available to send is the troops we can order to leave; the rest stay as garrison. So we can choose how many to send.

We need to balance attack and defense.

Let's think about the enemy's possible attacks. They might try to take back Valencia or Teruel? They just took them last turn. They might attack our other villages. But we don't know.

We need to write orders. Let's propose a plan.

Plan: This turn, we will build troops at several villages to prepare for a push. We will send attacks on Pamplona and Valencia, which are weak. We will also send reinforcements to our border villages to strengthen defense.

But we need to decide exactly.

First, let's compute what we can build.

We have resources. We want to build archers and knights because they are more powerful, but they cost iron. We have iron at various villages.

Let's list each village's production and current stock, and what we can build.

We'll consider building this turn (they will be ready next turn, so we can send them next turn). But we can also send existing troops now to attack, and they will arrive next turn or in 2 turns. If we send existing troops now, they will fight next turn (if 1-turn travel). If we build now and send next turn, they will fight in 2 turns. So sending existing troops now gets us an attack sooner.

We have existing troops: 40 total. We can split them among attacks.

Let's consider the weakest targets: Pamplona (defense 5) and Valencia (defense 10). We can take both with small forces.

For Pamplona: from Huesca, we can send 2 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight (available). That's 5 troops. Attack force: spearman 2*1=2, archer 1*2=2, knight 2*4=8, total 12. Most numerous: spearman (2) and knight (2) tie? Actually we have 2 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. So most numerous tie between spearman and knight. The tie-breaker: "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight." So spearman takes precedence? The rule: "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight." So if tie, the first in that order is considered most numerous. So spearman is most numerous. Enemy at Pamplona has 2 spearmen, so most numerous spearman. So both spearman. No counter. Effective force: 12 vs 5. We win. But we might lose troops. Loser's effective force 5, half 2.5. We lose troops worth about 2.5 attack? Probably we lose some troops. But we should still win and capture Pamplona. The surviving attackers stay as garrison. So we would have a new village with some troops.

But we might want to send more to ensure we have enough to hold. But Pamplona is small.

For Valencia: from Castellon, available: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight. That's only 1 archer! Attack force 2 vs defense 10. That's hopeless. So we need to reinforce Castellon first. Castellon has only 1 archer at home. We can send troops from other villages to Castellon, but they would take time. Or we can build at Castellon. Castellon has wood 70, iron 90. It can build troops. But builds take 1 turn, so they'll be ready next turn. We could build at Castellon now, then send them next turn. Or we can send troops from Barcelona or Tarragona to Castellon? Barcelona to Castellon: road? Barcelona connects to Tarragona, Tarragona to Castellon? Road: [22] Barcelona - [21] Tarragona - [18] Castellon. So from Barcelona to Castellon takes 2 turns? Actually Tarragona to Castellon is 1 turn. So Barcelona to Castellon would be 2 turns (Barcelona->Tarragona 1 turn, then Tarragona->Castellon 1 turn). So reinforcements would take 2 turns. That's slow.

Alternatively, we can attack Valencia from a different village? Valencia is connected to Teruel, Murcia, Castellon. So only Castellon is ours. So we must attack from Castellon. So we need to build up Castellon.

Similarly, Teruel: from Toledo or Castellon. Toledo has many troops (17). From Toledo, available: 12 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. That's a decent force. Attack on Teruel: defense 10, 3 spearmen, 1 archer. Enemy most numerous: spearman (3). If we send, say, all from Toledo: 12 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. Most numerous: spearman (12). So both spearman, no counter. Attack force: 12*1 + 2*2 + 3*4 = 12+4+12=28. vs 10. Win easily. But we might lose troops. However, we need to consider that if we send all from Toledo, we leave Toledo with 5 troops? Actually Toledo has 17 at home, available to send 12 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight = 17? Wait: 12+2+3=17. So if we send all, Toledo would have 0 left. Its defense is 43, which is high, but if we leave it empty, it might be attacked. But it's interior? Toledo is border with Badajoz, Cordoba, Madrid, Teruel. So it's vulnerable. We should leave some troops for defense.

We can choose how many to send. We don't have to send all.

We need to decide on a coherent strategy.

Let's think about the end goal: 18 villages. We have 6. We need to capture 12. The map has 24 villages. The enemy has 18. If we capture 12, we will have 18, enemy 6. That might be enough to win if we hold for 2 turns. But we also need to consider that the enemy might have reinforcements from unexplored areas. But we can try.

We should focus on capturing the easy ones first: Pamplona, Valencia, Teruel, Zaragoza, Cordoba, Murcia. Then we can move to the harder ones: Madrid, Badajoz, etc.

But we need to build up our army. Resources are key. Each village we hold produces resources. So capturing villages gives us more income.

Let's plan for this turn: We will build troops at our villages to increase our army. We will send some attacks.

We need to write specific orders.

Let's list each village and what we can do.

Village 22 Barcelona: wood 70, iron 90. Can build: let's say we build 2 archers and 1 knight? Or all archers? We need to decide. We want to reinforce Tarragona or Girona. Since Tarragona is a front, we might want to send troops there. But we can also build at Barcelona and then send next turn. Let's build something. Maybe build 3 archers? Cost: 20 wood, 10 iron each. 3 archers = 60 wood, 30 iron. We have 70 wood, 90 iron, so okay. Or build knights: 30 wood, 30 iron. We can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Or mix. We need to consider what we need. We need archers to counter spearman, and knights to counter archers. But we don't know enemy composition. Many enemy are spearman. So archers are good. Let's build archers at Barcelona. Also, we can send existing troops. Barcelona has 1 archer at home. We could send it to Tarragona to reinforce. But 1 archer is negligible. We might send it later.

Village 21 Tarragona: wood 80, iron 40. Can build: we can build archers or spearman or knights. It has 14 troops already. We might want to build more archers. Let's say we build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) and 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) but wood 80, so 2 archers (40 wood) + 1 knight (30 wood) = 70 wood, iron 20+30=50 >40 iron. So can't. We can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) = 55 wood, 20 iron. Or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 50 wood, 40 iron. That works. Let's decide later.

Village 23 Girona: wood 80, iron 40. Similar. It can send to Huesca.

Village 18 Castellon: wood 70, iron 90. It has only 1 archer. We need to build here to defend or attack. We can build many archers or knights. Let's build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Or mix. Since Castellon is border with Teruel and Valencia, both have spearman. So archers would be good. Let's build 3 archers at Castellon. That will cost 60 wood, 30 iron. It has 70 wood, 90 iron, so okay. Also we might want to build a knight for speed? But archers are medium speed, which is fine.

Village 20 Huesca: wood 80, iron 40. It has 5 troops (2 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight). It can build. We might want to build archers or knights. Let's build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood) = 55 wood, 20 iron. Or 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 50 wood, 40 iron. That uses all iron. Let's decide.

Village 8 Toledo: wood 70, iron 150. It has 17 troops. It can build a lot. Let's build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) = 80 wood >70, so can't. We can build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood) = 75 wood >70. So maybe 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) and 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) = 70 wood, 50 iron. Or 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood) = 75 wood >70. So 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) and 0 spearman, but wood 60, iron 30, okay. Or 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) and 1 knight (30 wood, 30 iron) = 70 wood, 50 iron. That works. Let's do 2 archers and 1 knight at Toledo.

Now, movements: We need to decide where to send existing troops.

We want to attack Pamplona and Valencia and Teruel maybe.

But we need to consider travel times and simultaneous enemy moves.

Enemy has armies marching to Teruel and Zaragoza (reinforcements). They will arrive next turn. So if we attack Teruel now, we will face the current garrison (3 spearmen, 1 archer) plus maybe the reinforcement? The reinforcement is marching to Teruel, but it's an enemy army marching to their own village. If we attack Teruel this turn, our army will arrive next turn (if 1-turn travel). The enemy reinforcement will also arrive next turn. So on next turn, our army will attack Teruel, and at the same time, the enemy reinforcement will arrive? Actually orders are simultaneous. The enemy reinforcement was ordered last turn, so it's already on the march. It will arrive at Teruel next turn regardless. If we attack Teruel, our army will also arrive next turn. So the question is: when our army arrives and attacks, does the enemy reinforcement arrive before or after? The rules: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." But this is about our own troops. For enemy, they might have multiple armies. But the reinforcement is a single army. If we attack, our army will fight the garrison. If the reinforcement arrives at the same time, does it join the defense? The rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there". The reinforcement is marching to Teruel, which is their own village. If it's still theirs, they enter and reinforce? But if we are attacking, the village is still theirs at the start of the turn? The combat resolution: we need to see how simultaneous orders work. Typically, all movements happen, then combats are resolved. If multiple armies converge on a village, the defender might get reinforcements from the arriving army before the attack? The rule: "The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival." So the defense we see is current. When our army arrives, the defense might have been increased by reinforcements that arrived earlier in the same turn? The turn order: all orders are simultaneous. So if the enemy reinforcement was ordered last turn, it will arrive this turn. If we order an attack this turn, it will arrive after the travel time. If both arrive on the same turn, which happens first? The rules don't specify sequence within a turn. But typically, reinforcements arrive before attacks? Or attacks arrive and fight the current garrison, and then reinforcements arrive after? The rule "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there" suggests that if an army is marching and the village is enemy, they stop and fight. If it's their own village, they join it. But if an attack is also arriving, we need to know if the reinforcement adds to the defense before the attack. I think the safest assumption is that all armies move, and then combats are resolved. If an enemy reinforcement arrives at a village that is also being attacked, the reinforcement would add to the defense before the attack? Or the attack happens first? The rules don't clarify. But we can look at the example from last turn: "King A attacked YOUR [13] Teruel with 4 spearmen, 1 archer (effective force 6 vs your defense 4): the village FELL." That was an attack on our village. Also "A reinforcement of King A (10 spearmen) arrived at [17] Zaragoza". So reinforcements and attacks can happen in the same turn. In that case, the reinforcement arrived at Zaragoza, which was not attacked. So we don't know the interaction.

To be safe, we might want to attack villages that are not being reinforced, or attack before reinforcements arrive. But we can't know what the enemy is doing this turn. They might reinforce other villages.

Given the fog, we only see enemy armies on the march toward their own villages. So we know about the Teruel and Zaragoza reinforcements. If we attack those, we might face extra troops. But if we attack other villages like Pamplona or Valencia, there are no known reinforcements.

Let's consider attacking Pamplona from Huesca. Huesca to Pamplona: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So if we send knights (fast), they arrive in 1 turn. If we send archers (medium), 1 turn. Spearman (slow), 2 turns. So we can send a mix. We want to arrive quickly. Let's send the available troops from Huesca: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. But if we send them, they will take 1 turn if we include knights? Actually the speed of the army is the slowest troop. So if we include spearman (slow), the whole army moves at slow speed, taking 2 turns. If we send only archers and knights, it moves at fast? Knight is fast, archer is medium. The slowest among them is archer (medium), so it moves at medium speed, which takes 1 turn? The report says "march from [20] Huesca: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So medium takes 1 turn, fast takes 1 turn. So if we send only archers and knights, it takes 1 turn. If we include spearman, it takes 2 turns. So to attack Pamplona quickly, we should not include spearman. But we have 2 spearman at Huesca. We could leave them for defense. Let's send only the 1 archer and 2 knights. That's 3 troops. Attack force: archer 2, knights 8, total 10. Most numerous: knight (2) vs enemy spearman (2). Knight is most numerous for us. Enemy most numerous spearman. Does knight counter archer? No, knight counters archer. Spearman counters knight. So enemy has spearman, we have knight. Spearman counters knight, so the enemy has the counter! That means enemy's force is multiplied by 1.5. Enemy defense is 5, so effective force 5 * 1.5 = 7.5. Our force is 10. We still win (10 > 7.5). But we might lose more troops. If we instead send archers as most numerous, we would counter spearman and get 1.5x. So we should send more archers. But we only have 1 archer at Huesca. We can build more at Huesca this turn, but they won't be ready for 1 turn. If we build now, they'll be ready next turn, and we could send them next turn, arriving in 1 turn (so 2 turns from now). That might be okay. But we could also send the spearman along with them, but that slows the army to 2 turns. Alternatively, we can send the spearman to Pamplona anyway, but they'd take 2 turns. Meanwhile, the enemy might do something.

Let's think about multiple attacks. We have several fronts. We can send attacks from different villages simultaneously.

Perhaps we should focus on one major attack to break through, rather than spreading thin.

We have a strong village at Toledo with 17 troops. We can send a large force from Toledo to attack Teruel or Cordoba. Teruel is weak (defense 10). Cordoba is moderate (33). Let's consider attacking Cordoba. From Toledo to Cordoba: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So 1 turn for any speed. Cordoba has 12 spearmen, 1 archer, defense 33. If we send a balanced force, we can win. But we need to leave some for defense. Toledo defense is 43, which is decent. We can send, say, 8 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight? That's 12 troops. Attack force: 8*1 + 2*2 + 2*4 = 8+4+8=20. Most numerous spearman (8). Enemy most numerous spearman (12). No counter. 20 vs 33, we lose. So we need more. If we send all 17: 12 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight = 12+4+12=28 vs 33, still lose. So we cannot take Cordoba yet. We need to either build more at Toledo or get reinforcements from other villages.

What about Teruel? Defense 10. If we send 12 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight = 28 vs 10, win. But we would leave Toledo with 5 troops (the remaining: we have 17 total, available 12 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight = 17, so sending all leaves 0). Actually Toledo has 17 troops at home. The available to send is 12 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. That sums to 17. So if we send all, Toledo has 0. But its defense is 43, which is high because it's a castle? Actually effective defense 43 includes location bonus. If we leave it empty, it might be taken. But it's border with Badajoz, Cordoba, Madrid, Teruel. If we attack Teruel, we might conquer it, and then we have a new village. But we need to hold Toledo. We should leave some troops. Let's send, say, 10 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight = 14 troops. Attack force: 10+4+8=22 vs 10, win. Leave 2 spearman, 1 knight? Actually we have 12 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. If we send 10 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight, we leave 2 spearman, 1 knight. That's 3 troops for defense. That might be okay.

But we also have other villages. We can coordinate multiple attacks to distract the enemy.

Let's consider the enemy's possible moves. They might attack our weak villages: Castellon (defense 3) and Huesca (defense 13). Castellon is very weak. If we don't reinforce it, it might fall. We can send troops from Barcelona or Tarragona to Castellon, but they take time. Or we can build at Castellon. If we build archers at Castellon, they will be ready next turn. But if the enemy attacks this turn, they will face the current 1 archer. So we might want to send reinforcements from nearby. The nearest is Tarragona? Tarragona to Castellon: 1 turn. So we can send troops from Tarragona to Castellon to defend. Tarragona has 14 troops. We can send some to Castellon. But if we send them, they will arrive next turn. If the enemy attacks Castellon this turn, they will fight the current garrison (1 archer). Our reinforcements would arrive after? Actually if we send from Tarragona to Castellon, they will march 1 turn. If the enemy attacks Castellon, they will also arrive next turn. So the defense of Castellon next turn will be the current garrison plus any arriving reinforcements? The rule: "The defense you see in the report is TODAY'S defense, not the defense on arrival." So when the enemy attacks, the defense is whatever troops are in the village at that moment. If we send reinforcements that arrive the same turn as the attack, do they add to the defense before the attack? Typically, all movements are simultaneous, so the reinforcements would arrive at the same time as the attack. The combat resolution might consider the defending forces as those present at the start of the turn? Or those that arrive? The rules don't specify. In many such games, arriving reinforcements can join the defense before the attack if they arrive before the attack resolves. But we need to be cautious.

Given the ambiguity, we might want to ensure our villages have enough troops to withstand a surprise attack. Castellon with 1 archer is very vulnerable. We should either send reinforcements now to arrive before the enemy attack, or hope the enemy doesn't attack it. But we can't rely on hope.

Let's check the enemy's known movements: they have armies marching to Teruel and Zaragoza. That's it. They might also be building or moving other armies, but we don't see them. So they might attack our other villages.

We need to prioritize. Perhaps we should abandon Castellon for now? But it's one of our 6 villages. If we lose it, we'll have 5, and we need 18. So we need to defend our villages.

Let's think about the overall map. Our villages are clustered in the northeast (Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Castellon, Huesca) and one in the center (Toledo). The enemy has many in the center and south. We need to expand.

A possible strategy: Use Toledo as a strong base to push south, taking Teruel and Cordoba, while our eastern villages hold the line and take Pamplona and Zaragoza.

But we need resources. Toledo has lots of iron (150). It can build knights and archers. Let's focus on building a powerful army at Toledo and use it to conquer the south.

Meanwhile, our eastern villages can build archers to defend and attack.

Let's decide on builds and movements for this turn.

We'll write orders for each village.

First, builds:

- Barcelona (22): build 3 archers. Cost: 60 wood, 30 iron. (Wood 70->10, iron 90->60). This reinforces Tarragona later.
- Tarragona (21): build 2 archers and 1 spearman? Or 1 knight and 1 archer? Let's build 1 knight and 1 archer. Cost: 30+20=50 wood, 30+10=40 iron. Wood 80->30, iron 40->0. That uses all iron. Or we could build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood) = 55 wood, 20 iron, leaving iron 20. Let's do 2 archers and 1 spearman for more troops. Actually we want to have a mix. Let's build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood, 0 iron) = 55 wood, 20 iron. Wood 80->25, iron 40->20.
- Girona (23): build 2 archers and 1 spearman? Or send to Huesca. Let's build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood) = 55 wood, 20 iron. Wood 80->25, iron 40->20.
- Castellon (18): build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Wood 70->10, iron 90->60.
- Huesca (20): build 1 knight and 1 archer? Or 2 archers and 1 spearman. Let's build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood) = 55 wood, 20 iron. Wood 80->25, iron 40->20.
- Toledo (8): build 2 archers and 1 knight? Cost: 40 wood, 20 iron + 30 wood, 30 iron = 70 wood, 50 iron. Wood 70->0, iron 150->100. That uses all wood. Or we could build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) and 1 spearman (15 wood) = 75 wood >70. So 2 archers and 1 knight is good.

Now movements:

We need to send troops to attack and to reinforce.

Let's consider attacks:

1. Attack Pamplona (19) from Huesca (20). We want to send a force that can take it. Pamplona defense 5, 2 spearmen. We should send archers to get counter. Huesca currently has 2 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. If we send only archers and knights, we can send 1 archer and 2 knight, but that's only 3 troops. Attack force 10, enemy effective force maybe 7.5 if they get counter? Actually if we send knight as most numerous, enemy gets counter. Let's calculate: our troops: 1 archer (attack 2), 2 knights (attack 8) total 10. Most numerous: knight (2). Enemy: 2 spearmen, most numerous spearman. Spearman counters knight, so enemy gets 1.5x multiplier on their defense? Wait, the rule: "Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5". So if the defender has the counter, their defense force is multiplied. So enemy defense 5 * 1.5 = 7.5. Our force 10. We win, but we lose troops. The loser's effective force is 7.5? Or is it the defense value before multiplier? The rule: "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins." So effective force includes the multiplier. So enemy effective force is 7.5. Our effective force is 10. We win. The loser is destroyed entirely. The winner loses troops worth half of the loser's effective force. Half of 7.5 is 3.75. So we lose troops with total attack around 3.75. That might mean we lose 1 knight (attack 4) or something. We might lose 1 knight. Then we have 1 archer and 1 knight left, which stay as garrison. That's okay.

But we can do better if we send more archers. If we build archers at Huesca this turn, they won't be ready for 1 turn. But we can send the existing troops and hope to reinforce later. Alternatively, we can send the spearman too, but that slows the army to 2 turns. If we send spearman along, the army takes 2 turns. The enemy might have time to reinforce Pamplona? Pamplona is enemy, they might build there. But we don't know.

Let's think about the timing. If we send a 1-turn army, we attack next turn. If we send a 2-turn army, we attack in 2 turns. The enemy might do things in between.

Perhaps we should send a quick strike with fast troops to take Pamplona, then we have a new village.

But we also need to consider that Huesca is a border village with Zaragoza and Pamplona. If we send all its troops away, it might be attacked. Huesca defense is 13. If we leave only 2 spearman? Actually we have 5 troops. If we send 1 archer and 2 knights, we leave 2 spearman. That's 2 spearman for defense. Attack force 2 vs defense 13? Actually if enemy attacks Huesca, they would face defense 13 with 2 spearman? The defense value is effective defense, which already includes location bonus. The troops at home contribute to defense? The rule: "effective defense (location bonus included): 13". That number is the defense value. It likely already accounts for the troops? Or is it the base defense plus troops? The report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 13 | troops at home: 5". So the 13 is the total defense including the troops? Typically, the defense value is computed from the troops and location bonus. So if we remove troops, the defense would decrease. The report shows the current effective defense. If we send troops away, the defense next turn will be lower. So we need to be careful not to leave Huesca too weak.

Let's calculate how defense works. The rule: "Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital)." So the effective defense is the sum of defense values of troops times location multiplier. For Huesca, it's a village (not capital), so multiplier 1.25. The troops at home: 2 spearman (defense 2 each), 1 archer (defense 2), 2 knights (defense 2 each). Total defense = 2+2+2+2+2? Actually spearman defense 2, archer 2, knight 2. So 5 troops * 2 = 10. Times 1.25 = 12.5, rounded to 13? That matches effective defense 13. So the effective defense is exactly the sum of troop defenses times 1.25. So if we remove troops, the defense drops.

If we send 1 archer and 2 knights, we remove 3 troops, leaving 2 spearman. Their defense: 2 * 2 = 4, times 1.25 = 5. So Huesca's defense would drop to 5. That's very vulnerable. The enemy might attack it. So we should not strip Huesca completely.

We need to balance. Perhaps we should build more troops at Huesca to have a surplus. But builds take a turn. We can build now, and next turn we'll have more troops. This turn, we can send a smaller attack force that doesn't cripple defense.

Maybe we should send only the 2 knights from Huesca to attack Pamplona? Knights are fast, so they arrive in 1 turn. Attack force: 2 knights *4 = 8. Most numerous: knight. Enemy: 2 spearmen, most numerous spearman. Enemy gets counter (spearman counters knight), so enemy effective force = 5 * 1.5 = 7.5. Our force 8. We win, but we lose troops. Half of 7.5 = 3.75, so we likely lose 1 knight. Then we have 1 knight left to garrison Pamplona. That's not great. And Huesca is left with 2 spearman, 1 archer (defense: 2+2+2=6 *1.25=7.5, effective defense 8 maybe). Still weak.

What if we send from Tarragona to attack Pamplona? Tarragona to Pamplona: road? Tarragona connects to Zaragoza and Castellon and Barcelona. To reach Pamplona, it must go through Zaragoza? Actually road: [21] Tarragona - [17] Zaragoza - [19] Pamplona. So Tarragona to Pamplona is 2 turns? Since it's two roads. So not good.

What if we send from Huesca to attack Zaragoza instead? Zaragoza has 12 spearmen, defense 30. That's stronger. We might want to attack Zaragoza from both Huesca and Tarragona simultaneously? But they would fight separately.

Let's reconsider the overall plan. We need to capture 12 villages. We have 6. The enemy has many. We should try to capture villages that are weak and that we can hold. Perhaps we should focus on the southern front: attack Teruel from Toledo, and take Cordoba if possible. But Cordoba is too strong now. So take Teruel first.

Let's analyze the attack on Teruel from Toledo. Teruel defense 10, 3 spearmen, 1 archer. Enemy most numerous: spearman. If we send a force with archers as most numerous, we get counter bonus. Toledo has 12 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. If we send mostly archers, we need a lot of archers. We only have 2. We can build more at Toledo this turn, but they won't be ready for 1 turn. If we send the existing troops, most numerous will be spearman (12), so no counter. Attack force 28 vs 10, win easily. But we leave Toledo with few troops. If we send 10 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight = 14 troops, force 22 vs 10, win. Leave 2 spearman, 1 knight (3 troops). Toledo defense then: 2 spearman (2*2=4) + 1 knight (2) = 6, times 1.5? Toledo is a capital? Barcelona is capital, but Toledo is not capital? The report says "Barcelona - YOUR CAPITAL". Toledo is not capital. So location bonus for Toledo: it's a village? Actually it's a village, but the report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 43". That implies it's a castle? Wait: "Defending is easier: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital)." The effective defense 43 for Toledo. If it were a village with multiplier 1.25, then total troop defense would be 43/1.25 = 34.4. The troops at Toledo: 12 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight = 17 troops, each defense 2, total 34. 34 * 1.25 = 42.5, rounded to 43? Actually 34 * 1.25 = 42.5, not 43. If it were a castle (1.5), 34 * 1.5 = 51. So it's likely a village with 1.25, and the number is rounded. So Toledo is a village, not a capital. So if we leave 3 troops, defense = 3*2=6 *1.25 = 7.5, effective defense 8. That's weak. The enemy might attack Toledo. Toledo is border with Badajoz, Cordoba, Madrid, Teruel. So it's exposed.

We need to keep Toledo strong. Maybe we shouldn't send from Toledo. Instead, we could send from other villages to attack, and keep Toledo as a reserve.

What about attacking from Castellon to Valencia? Castellon is very weak (1 archer). We need to reinforce it first. We can send troops from Tarragona or Barcelona to Castellon. Tarragona to Castellon is 1 turn. So we can send, say, 5 troops from Tarragona to Castellon. They will arrive next turn. Then Castellon will have more troops. Then next turn we can attack Valencia. But that delays.

Maybe we should attack from Tarragona to Zaragoza. Tarragona has 14 troops. Zaragoza has 12 spearmen, defense 30. If we send a good force, we might take it. Tarragona to Zaragoza is 1 turn. Let's calculate: Tarragona available: 10 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. Attack force: 10+4+8=22. Most numerous spearman. Enemy most numerous spearman. No counter. 22 vs 30, we lose. So we need more. We can build at Tarragona this turn, but they won't be ready for 1 turn. If we wait, we can build and then attack next turn. But the enemy will also build.

We need to think about the resource income. We have 6 villages, each producing 30 wood, 20 iron per turn. Total 180 wood, 120 iron per turn. We can build many troops. We should use this turn to build up our forces, and then next turn launch a coordinated attack.

But the enemy is also building. We need to be aggressive.

Let's consider a different approach: Since the enemy capital is not required to win, we can focus on capturing the easy villages and ignoring the hard ones. We need 18 villages. If we capture all the weak ones: Pamplona, Valencia, Teruel, Zaragoza, Cordoba, Murcia, that's 6. Plus our 6 = 12. Still need 6 more. The stronger ones: Madrid, Badajoz, Burgos, Salamanca, and the unexplored ones (Lisboa, etc.). So we need to eventually take the strong ones.

But maybe we can win by holding 18 for 2 turns. That means we need to capture and hold 12 new villages. That's a lot.

Perhaps we should try to eliminate the enemy villages one by one, but we need to be able to defeat their armies.

Let's look at the enemy's weak points: they have many spearman, but few archers and knights. If we build archers, we can counter their spearman and get a multiplier. Archers also have good attack (2) and defense (2). Knights have high attack (4) but are vulnerable to spearman.

We should aim to create armies with archers as the most numerous type to counter their spearman. That gives us 1.5x attack power.

Let's design an army composition for an attack. Suppose we want to attack a village with defense D, and the enemy has mostly spearman. We want our most numerous to be archers. So we should have more archers than any other type. We can include some knights and spearman, but archers must be the largest group.

For example, to attack Zaragoza (defense 30, 12 spearmen). We need an army with archers as most numerous. Let's say we send 6 archers, 2 knights, 2 spearman. Then most numerous is archers (6). Attack force: archers 6*2=12, knights 2*4=8, spearman 2*1=2, total 22. With counter bonus (archers counter spearman), we multiply by 1.5: 33. That beats 30. We would win. But we need to have those troops.

We can build archers at our villages. Let's see how many archers we can build this turn.

We have:
Barcelona: can build 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron)
Tarragona: can build 2 archers (40 wood, 20 iron) or more if we use less iron? Actually we have iron 40, so max 4 archers if we had wood, but wood 80, so 4 archers = 80 wood, 40 iron. That uses all wood and iron. So Tarragona can build 4 archers.
Girona: same, 4 archers? Wood 80, iron 40, so 4 archers = 80 wood, 40 iron.
Castellon: wood 70, iron 90, so max archers limited by wood: 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Or 4 if we had 80 wood, but only 70.
Huesca: wood 80, iron 40, so 4 archers.
Toledo: wood 70, iron 150, so wood limits to 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron) or maybe 3 archers and some knights? But we want archers.

So total archers we can build this turn: 3+4+4+3+4+3 = 21 archers. That's a lot. Plus we already have 9 archers at home. So we can greatly increase our archers.

But we need to consider that we also need wood for other things. We can also build knights if we want.

Let's decide to build mostly archers this turn, to prepare for next turn's attacks.

We also need to move troops to the front lines. We can send troops from rear villages to front villages to reinforce. For example, send from Barcelona to Tarragona, from Girona to Huesca. That will take 1 turn. Then next turn, those troops can be sent to attack.

So this turn, we can:
- Build archers at all villages.
- Send existing troops from Barcelona and Girona to the front villages (Tarragona and Huesca) to reinforce them.
- Possibly send some attacks now with existing troops to take weak villages quickly.

Let's consider sending an attack now on Pamplona from Huesca, using the existing troops but not crippling Huesca's defense. Huesca has 5 troops. We can send 1 archer and 1 knight? That leaves 2 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight? Actually we have 2 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. If we send 1 archer and 1 knight, we leave 2 spearman, 1 knight. Defense: 2*2 + 2 = 6, *1.25=7.5. Attack force: archer 2 + knight 4 = 6. Most numerous: knight (1) vs enemy spearman (2). Enemy gets counter? Enemy most numerous spearman, we have knight as most numerous? Actually we have 1 archer, 1 knight, so tie? Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So knight is last, so archer would be considered? Wait, tie in count: we have 1 archer and 1 knight. The order is spearman, archer, knight. So archer comes before knight, so archer is considered the most numerous? The rule: "ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight." So if we have 1 archer and 1 knight, the tie is broken in favor of archer (since archer is earlier). So our most numerous is archer. That's good! Because archer counters spearman. So we would get the counter bonus. Our attack force: 1 archer (2) + 1 knight (4) = 6. With counter bonus: 6 * 1.5 = 9. Enemy defense 5. We win easily. Loser effective force 5, half 2.5, we lose troops worth ~2.5 attack. We might lose the archer (attack 2) or something. But we win and take Pamplona. And we leave Huesca with 2 spearman, 1 knight (defense 7.5). That's acceptable.

So we can send 1 archer and 1 knight from Huesca to attack Pamplona. They will travel at medium speed? Knight is fast, archer is medium, so slowest is medium, takes 1 turn. So they arrive next turn.

What about Valencia? Castellon has only 1 archer. We can't send a meaningful attack from there yet. We need to reinforce Castellon. We can send troops from Tarragona to Castellon. Tarragona has 14 troops. We can send, say, 4 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight to Castellon. They will take 1 turn to arrive. Then Castellon will have more troops. Then next turn we can attack Valencia.

But we also need to consider that Castellon is border with Teruel and Valencia. If we send troops to Castellon, they will arrive and reinforce. But if the enemy attacks Castellon this turn, they will face the current 1 archer. Our reinforcements from Tarragona will arrive at the same time? If the enemy attacks, they will arrive next turn as well. So the defense of Castellon next turn will include our arriving reinforcements? The rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." That's about attacking. For defending, if multiple armies arrive, they all join the garrison? The rule says "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up" only in the context of attacking the same target. For reinforcing, they should add up. The rule: "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements." So they do add up. So if we send reinforcements from Tarragona to Castellon, they will arrive and join the garrison. If an enemy army also arrives to attack Castellon, the defense will include the new reinforcements. So we can reinforce Castellon and it will be ready for defense.

So we should send reinforcements to Castellon to protect it and to prepare for an attack on Valencia.

Similarly, we might want to reinforce Huesca if we strip it, but we are only sending 2 troops, so it's okay.

What about Toledo? We can keep Toledo's troops for now, or send some to attack Teruel. But if we send from Toledo to attack Teruel, we leave Toledo weak. Maybe we should wait and build up Toledo, then attack next turn.

Let's think about the enemy's possible attack on Toledo. Toledo is border with Badajoz (defense 90), Cordoba (33), Madrid (63), Teruel (10). The enemy might attack Toledo from Cordoba or Teruel. If they attack from Cordoba, they would need to have a big army. But we don't know. To be safe, we should keep a decent garrison at Toledo. We can leave most of its troops.

Perhaps we should not send any attacks from Toledo this turn. Instead, we build archers at Toledo and keep them.

Let's formulate a plan for this turn:

Builds:
- Barcelona: build 3 archers.
- Tarragona: build 4 archers (uses all wood and iron). Or maybe 3 archers and 1 spearman? Let's do 4 archers to maximize archers.
- Girona: build 4 archers.
- Castellon: build 3 archers.
- Huesca: build 4 archers.
- Toledo: build 3 archers and 1 knight? But wood 70, so 3 archers (60 wood) + 1 knight (30 wood) = 90 >70. So can't. We can build 2 archers (40 wood) and 1 knight (30 wood) = 70 wood. Or 3 archers (60 wood) and 1 spearman (15 wood) = 75 >70. So 2 archers and 1 knight is good. Or 1 archer and 2 knights? 20+60=80 wood >70. So 2 archers and 1 knight uses 70 wood, 20+30=50 iron. That's fine. Let's do 2 archers and 1 knight at Toledo.

Movements:
- From Huesca: send 1 archer and 1 knight to attack Pamplona (19). (They will arrive next turn.)
- From Tarragona: send, say, 5 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight to reinforce Castellon (18). (They will arrive next turn.)
- From Barcelona: send its existing 1 archer to Tarragona? Or send some of the newly built? But builds are not ready yet; they will be ready next turn. We can send existing troops. Barcelona has 1 archer. We can send it to Tarragona to reinforce. That's 1 turn.
- From Girona: send its existing 2 archer to Huesca? Girona has 2 archer. We can send them to Huesca to reinforce after we stripped it. That will take 1 turn (Girona to Huesca: road? Girona connects to Huesca? Actually [23] Girona: [20], [22]. So Girona to Huesca is 1 turn? The report says "from here to your nearest border village [20] Huesca: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So yes, 1 turn. So we can send the 2 archers from Girona to Huesca.
- From Toledo: maybe send some troops to reinforce Cordoba? No, Cordoba is enemy. We could send to Teruel to attack? But we need to decide.

We also need to consider that we might want to attack Teruel from Toledo or Castellon. Since we are reinforcing Castellon, next turn we can attack Valencia from Castellon. For Teruel, we can attack from Toledo or Castellon. Let's leave Teruel for now.

What about Zaragoza? It's strong. We might want to attack it from Tarragona and Huesca together. But we are sending reinforcements from Tarragona to Castellon, so Tarragona will have fewer troops. We can also build at Tarragona to replenish.

Let's calculate the troop counts after our orders.

First, current troops at home:
Barcelona: 1 archer
Tarragona: 10 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight (total 14)
Girona: 0 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight (2)
Castellon: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight (1)
Huesca: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight (5)
Toledo: 12 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight (17)

After builds (ready next turn):
Barcelona: +3 archer -> total 4 archer (if we keep them at home)
Tarragona: +4 archer -> total 10 spearman, 6 archer, 2 knight (18)
Girona: +4 archer -> total 0 spearman, 6 archer, 0 knight (6)
Castellon: +3 archer -> total 0 spearman, 4 archer, 0 knight (4)
Huesca: +4 archer -> total 2 spearman, 5 archer, 2 knight (9)
Toledo: +2 archer, +1 knight -> total 12 spearman, 4 archer, 4 knight (20)

But we also send troops this turn, which will leave the village and arrive next turn. So the sending villages will have fewer troops next turn before the builds? Actually the orders are simultaneous: we order builds and movements. The troops we send will march and arrive at the destination next turn (or later). The builds will be ready next turn. So at the start of next turn, the sending villages will have their remaining troops plus the newly built ones. The receiving villages will have their original troops plus the arriving ones plus newly built ones.

Let's trace:

We order:
- Huesca: send 1 archer, 1 knight to Pamplona. So Huesca will lose those troops. Its remaining: 2 spearman, 0 archer? Actually it had 1 archer, we send 1, so 0 archer left. It had 2 knight, send 1, so 1 knight left. So remaining at Huesca: 2 spearman, 1 knight. Then we build 4 archers at Huesca, so next turn Huesca will have 2 spearman, 4 archer, 1 knight = 7 troops. Defense: (2*2 + 4*2 + 1*2) = 4+8+2=14 *1.25=17.5. That's decent.
- Tarragona: send 5 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight to Castellon. Tarragona originally 10 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. After sending: 5 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight left. Then build 4 archers: so next turn Tarragona will have 5 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight = 11 troops. Defense: (5*2 + 5*2 + 1*2)=10+10+2=22 *1.25=27.5.
- Barcelona: send its 1 archer to Tarragona. Barcelona originally 1 archer. After sending: 0. Then build 3 archers: so next turn Barcelona will have 3 archer. Defense: 3*2=6 *1.25=7.5 (Barcelona is capital, so x1.5? Wait: Barcelona is YOUR CAPITAL. The rule: "defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital)." So Barcelona gets x1.5. So effective defense = 3*2=6 *1.5=9. That's low, but it's interior.
- Girona: send its 2 archer to Huesca. Girona originally 2 archer. After sending: 0. Then build 4 archers: so next turn Girona will have 4 archer. Defense: 4*2=8 *1.25=10.
- Castellon: receives from Tarragona: 5 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Castellon originally 1 archer. So before builds, it will have 5 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight = 8 troops. Then build 3 archers: so next turn Castellon will have 5 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight = 11 troops. Defense: (5*2+5*2+1*2)=22 *1.25=27.5.
- Huesca also receives from Girona: 2 archer. So Huesca after sending and before builds: 2 spearman, 1 knight (remaining) + 2 archer (from Girona) = 2 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight = 5 troops. Then build 4 archers: so next turn Huesca will have 2 spearman, 6 archer, 1 knight = 9 troops. Defense: (2*2+6*2+1*2)=4+12+2=18 *1.25=22.5.
- Toledo: no sends, just builds. So next turn Toledo: 12 spearman, 4 archer, 4 knight = 20 troops. Defense: (12*2+4*2+4*2)=24+8+8=40 *1.25=50. (But report says current defense 43 with 17 troops. With 20 troops, defense would be higher. Let's calculate: 17 troops gave 34 defense *1.25=42.5->43. With 20 troops, total defense 40, *1.25=50. So effective defense 50.)

Now, the attack on Pamplona: we send 1 archer, 1 knight from Huesca. They will arrive next turn. At that time, Pamplona's garrison might have been reinforced by the enemy? The enemy has an army marching to Zaragoza, not Pamplona. But they might have ordered something else. We don't know. But we hope to take it.

What about the enemy's attacks? They might attack our villages. Which ones? They might attack Castellon, Huesca, Tarragona, Toledo. With our reinforcements, Castellon will have defense ~27.5, Huesca ~22.5, Tarragona ~27.5, Toledo 50. Those are decent. But the enemy could still attack with larger forces.

We also need to consider that we are sending troops from Tarragona to Castellon, which weakens Tarragona's defense temporarily. But next turn it will be okay.

We might also want to send an attack from Toledo to Teruel. But if we do, we need to leave enough defense. Let's consider sending a small attack from Toledo to Teruel to capture it. Teruel defense 10. If we send, say, 4 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight = 7 troops. Attack force: 4+4+4=12. Most numerous spearman (4). Enemy spearman (3). No counter. 12 vs 10, win. We would leave Toledo with 8 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight? Actually Toledo has 12 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. If we send 4 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight, we leave 8 spearman, 0 archer, 2 knight = 10 troops. Defense: (8*2+0+2*2)=20 *1.25=25. That's still okay. But we need to consider that the attack takes 1 turn (Toledo to Teruel is 1 turn). So if we order it now, the troops will arrive next turn. They will fight the current garrison (3 spearmen, 1 archer). But the enemy has a reinforcement marching to Teruel that will also arrive next turn. That reinforcement is 4 spearmen, 1 archer? Actually last turn, King A attacked Teruel with 4 spearmen, 1 archer. That was an attack, not a reinforcement. The report says: "enemy army marching toward [13] Teruel - THEIR OWN village (a reinforcement) - arrives in 1 turn". So there is an enemy army marching to Teruel to reinforce it. We don't know its composition. It could be the same 4 spearmen, 1 archer that attacked last turn? But last turn they attacked and took it. Now they are reinforcing? That seems odd. Maybe it's a different army. In any case, if we attack Teruel, we might face the current garrison plus the arriving reinforcement. That could be tough.

Let's check the report: "enemy army marching toward [13] Teruel - THEIR OWN village (a reinforcement) - arrives in 1 turn". So next turn, that army will arrive and join the defense. So if we attack Teruel, the defense will be higher. We should probably not attack Teruel this turn.

What about attacking Zaragoza? The enemy has a reinforcement marching to Zaragoza as well. So Zaragoza will also be reinforced.

So the two villages that are being reinforced are Teruel and Zaragoza. Attacking them now might be harder. It might be better to attack other villages that are not being reinforced, like Pamplona, Valencia, Cordoba, etc. But Valencia is not being reinforced, but it's weak and we can attack from Castellon after we reinforce it. However, we are reinforcing Castellon this turn, so we can't attack from there this turn. We could attack from somewhere else? No.

What about attacking Cordoba from Toledo? Cordoba has 12 spearmen, 1 archer, defense 33. No known reinforcement. If we attack with a strong force, we might take it. But we need to have enough force. Let's calculate: if we send a force with archers as most numerous, we can get counter bonus. Toledo after builds will have 12 spearman, 4 archer, 4 knight. If we send, say, 6 archers, 2 knights, 2 spearman? But we only have 4 archers total at Toledo. We can send all 4 archers, plus some knights and spearman. Let's design: send 4 archers, 3 knights, 2 spearman. Most numerous: archers (4). Attack force: archers 8, knights 12, spearman 2 = 22. Counter bonus (archers counter spearman? Enemy most numerous is spearman (12). So archers counter spearman, we get 1.5x. Effective force 33. Enemy defense 33. Tie! Tie favors defender. So we would lose. We need more. If we send 4 archers, 4 knights, 1 spearman: attack force 8+16+1=25, times 1.5 = 37.5 > 33, win. But we need to have 4 knights; Toledo will have 4 knights after build? It has 3 knights initially, we build 1 knight, so 4 knights. So we can send all 4 knights, 4 archers, and 1 spearman. That's 9 troops. Attack force 25, effective 37.5. Win. But we would leave Toledo with 11 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight? Actually we send 4 archers (all), 4 knights (all), 1 spearman. Leave 11 spearman. Defense: 11*2=22 *1.25=27.5. That's okay. But we need to consider that the enemy might have archers? Cordoba has 1 archer, but most numerous is spearman. So counter works.

But is it worth attacking Cordoba now? We need to travel: Toledo to Cordoba is 1 turn. So we can order it now. If we win, we take Cordoba. That would give us a new village. But we need to ensure we can hold it. After the battle, we will lose some troops. The loser's effective force is 33 (enemy). Half is 16.5. We lose troops worth that much attack. That could be significant. We might lose several knights and archers. So our attacking army might be decimated. The survivors stay as garrison. So we might end up with a weak garrison in Cordoba. Then the enemy might counterattack. We need to be prepared to reinforce.

Alternatively, we could focus on taking multiple weak villages with smaller forces, rather than one strong village.

Let's think about the overall resource income. Capturing a village gives us +30 wood, +20 iron per turn. That helps build more troops.

We need to decide on a strategy. I think the best approach is to use this turn to build up our forces and reinforce our borders, and then next turn launch a coordinated attack on multiple fronts. We can send some quick strikes on very weak villages that we can take with minimal losses.

Pamplona is very weak (defense 5). We can take it with 1 archer and 1 knight as planned. That's a cheap victory. We should do that.

What about Valencia? It's weak (defense 10). But we can't attack it this turn because Castellon is too weak. We can reinforce Castellon this turn, and next turn attack Valencia from Castellon. That seems good.

What about Teruel? It's weak but being reinforced. Maybe we can attack it next turn after the reinforcement arrives, if we can defeat it. Or we can attack from Toledo and Castellon together? But they fight separately.

Let's consider attacking Teruel from Castellon next turn. Castellon will have 5 spearman, 5 archer, 1 knight after reinforcements and builds. That's 11 troops. Attack force: 5+10+4=19. Most numerous: spearman (5) vs archer (5)? Tie between spearman and archer. Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So spearman is most numerous. Enemy at Teruel: currently 3 spearmen, 1 archer, plus reinforcement (unknown, maybe 4 spearmen, 1 archer). So enemy most numerous likely spearman. No counter. 19 vs defense? If Teruel has, say, 7 spearmen, 2 archers, defense maybe around 15-20? We need to calculate. But we might win.

Alternatively, we could attack Teruel from Toledo. Toledo has many troops. If we send a balanced force with archers as most numerous, we can counter their spearman. But we need to know their composition.

Given the fog, we might want to just attack and see.

But we need to write orders for this turn. We can only order builds and movements. We cannot change orders next turn based on this turn's results until we see the report.

So we need to commit to a plan.

Let's finalize a plan for this turn:

Builds:
- Barcelona: 3 archers
- Tarragona: 4 archers
- Girona: 4 archers
- Castellon: 3 archers
- Huesca: 4 archers
- Toledo: 2 archers, 1 knight

Movements:
- Huesca: send 1 archer, 1 knight to attack Pamplona (19).
- Tarragona: send 5 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight to reinforce Castellon (18).
- Barcelona: send 1 archer to reinforce Tarragona (21).
- Girona: send 2 archer to reinforce Huesca (20).
- Toledo: no movement? Or maybe send a small force to attack Teruel? Let's not, to avoid the reinforcement.

But we also need to consider that we might want to send troops from Toledo to reinforce Cordoba? No.

What about attacking Valencia from Castellon? We can't this turn.

We should also consider that the enemy might attack our villages. We have reinforced Castellon and Huesca. Tarragona is still strong. Toledo is strong. Barcelona and Girona are interior and less likely to be attacked.

But we need to check if our moves are legal. We are sending troops that exist. From Tarragona, we send 5 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. Tarragona has 10
ordem.construir: []
ordem.envios   : []
ACEITO: (nada — passou o turno)
COMBATE [13] Teruel: atacante A Fatk=6 (ef 6) Fdef=2 (ef 4) vant=-1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~2
COMBATE [16] Valencia: atacante A Fatk=8 (ef 8) Fdef=4 (ef 8) vant=-1 -> vence atacante (CONQUISTA) | baixas~4
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono A: 10S
REFORCO [12] Madrid dono A: 9S
placar: A 18 ald/tropas 260 | B 6 ald/tropas 40 | neutras 0 | transito 9 (A 9 | B 0)

########## TURNO 27 — Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4783 | resposta 15558 | raciocinio 11395 | finish stop | ms 212583
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 0, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 1, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 2, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 3, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 4, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 5, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 6, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 7, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 10, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 9, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 11, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 13, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 12, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 14, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 17, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 16, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 15, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 19, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 2}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 16, \"toId\": 18, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 9, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 17, \"toId\": 19, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 10, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 14, \"toId\": 19, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 2, \"archer\": 0, \"knight\": 0}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"We are attacking the weak enemy village of Castellon [18] with all troops from Valencia [16] to conquer it and increase our village count to 19. We are also reinforcing Pamplona [19] with 10 spearman from Zaragoza [17] and 2 from Burgos [14] to secure our northern border. We built 2 spearman in all 18 villages to grow our army. Next turn, we will check if Castellon is conquered and reinforce our positions.\",\n  \"statement\": \"Turn 27: I order a full assault on Castellon, sending all of Valencia's garrison to crush the tiny enemy resistance there. To secure the north, I march spearman from Zaragoza and Burgos to Pamplona, shoring up its defenses. Across the empire, every village works to forge two more spearmen, swelling our ranks as we move closer to total victory!\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King A in a strategy game.
Let's analyze the rules, the current state, and the goal.
Goal: hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village.
Currently, I hold 18 of 24 villages. Wait, the prompt says "You currently hold 18 of 24." If I hold 18 of 24, and I have held them for how many turns?
"We are reinforcing our border villages to ensure we hold 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns and win."
Wait, if I already hold 18, did I hold them last turn as well? Let's check the previous turn's state or if I need to keep holding them for one more turn to get the 2 consecutive turns.
Let's look at the "YOUR VILLAGES (18)" list:
[0] Lisboa, [1] Santarem, [2] Evora, [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz, [5] Faro, [6] Porto, [7] Salamanca, [10] Vigo, [9] Sevilha, [11] Cordoba, [13] Teruel, [12] Madrid, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza, [16] Valencia, [15] Murcia, [19] Pamplona.
That is 18 villages.
Let's check the enemy villages:
[8] Toledo, [18] Castellon, [20] Huesca, [21] Tarragona, [22] Barcelona, [23] Girona. (Total 6 enemy villages).
Total villages: 18 + 6 = 24.
If I hold 18, that is 75%. To win by holding 75% for 2 consecutive turns, I need to make sure I hold at least 18 this turn and next turn (or if I already held them last turn, maybe this turn is the second, but since the game hasn't ended, I must ensure I hold them this turn, and then next turn as well, or maybe I need to keep them stable).
Wait, are any of my villages under attack this turn?
Let's look at the enemy's possible moves. The enemy writes their orders at the same time as me.
Let's look at the border villages:
[4] Badajoz: border with [8] Toledo (enemy).
[11] Cordoba: border with [8] Toledo.
[13] Teruel: border with [8], [18].
[12] Madrid: border with [8].
[17] Zaragoza: border with [20], [21].
[16] Valencia: border with [18].
[19] Pamplona: border with [20].

Let's check the troop counts and defenses of my border villages:
[4] Badajoz: defense 120, troops 48/300 (38 spearman, 10 archer, 0 knight). Available to send: 38 spearman, 10 archer.
[11] Cordoba: defense 63, troops 25/300 (24 spearman, 1 archer).
[13] Teruel: defense 33, troops 13/300 (11 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight). Marching in: 10 spearmen from [17] -> [13], arrives in 1 turn. So next turn it will have 23 troops.
[12] Madrid: defense 55, troops 22/300 (19 spearman, 3 archer).
[17] Zaragoza: defense 73, troops 29/300 (29 spearman). Marching in: 10 spearmen (from where? "Your reinforcement (10 spearmen) arrived at [17] Zaragoza" last turn, but currently "already marching out (NOT available): 10 spearmen" from [17] to somewhere? Ah, "10 spearmen: [17] -> [13], arrives in 1 turn").
[16] Valencia: defense 25, troops 10/300 (9 spearman, 1 archer).
[19] Pamplona: defense 15, troops 6/300 (6 spearman).

Let's look at the enemy villages and their garrisons:
[8] Toledo: 12 spearmen, 2 archers, 3 knights. Defense 43.
[18] Castellon: 1 archer. Defense 3.
[20] Huesca: 2 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights. Defense 13.
[21] Tarragona: 10 spearmen, 2 archers, 2 knights. Defense 35.
[22] Barcelona (capital): unknown garrison.
[23] Girona: unknown.

Are there any enemy armies on the march? "none sighted".
So the enemy is not currently marching towards any of our villages, or at least we don't see any.
But they can send troops this turn.
Where can they send troops from?
Toledo [8] can send to [4] Badajoz, [11] Cordoba, [12] Madrid, [13] Teruel.
Castellon [18] can send to [13] Teruel, [16] Valencia, [21] Tarragona.
Huesca [20] can send to [17] Zaragoza, [19] Pamplona, [23] Girona.
Tarragona [21] can send to [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [22] Barcelona.
Barcelona [22] can send to [21] Tarragona, [23] Girona.
Girona [23] can send to [20] Huesca, [22] Barcelona.

Let's look at our resources and what we can build.
Each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn.
Let's check the resource counts of our villages:
[0] Lisboa: wood 30, iron 330. Troops: 35/300. Can build:
- spearman: costs 15 wood, 0 iron. We have 30 wood, so we can build up to 2 spearman (30 wood). Wait, 35/300 is not at cap, so we can build.
Wait, let's look at the available troops at home:
[0] Lisboa: 35/300. Available to send: 22 spearman, 12 archer, 1 knight.
Wait, the troops at home are 35. Available to send: 22 spearman, 12 archer, 1 knight. That sums to 35.
Let's check the build options. Can we build more troops?
Yes, we can build troops in any village that is not at cap (300 troops).
Let's check the troop caps:
[0] Lisboa: 35/300. Can build.
[1] Santarem: 18/300. Can build.
[2] Evora: 36/300. Can build.
[3] Coimbra: 23/300. Can build.
[4] Badajoz: 48/300. Can build.
[5] Faro: 31/300. Can build.
[6] Porto: 27/300. Can build.
[7] Salamanca: 6/300. Can build.
[10] Vigo: 23/300. Can build.
[9] Sevilha: 8/300. Can build.
[11] Cordoba: 25/300. Can build.
[13] Teruel: 13/300. Can build.
[12] Madrid: 22/300. Can build.
[14] Burgos: 2/300. Can build.
[17] Zaragoza: 29/300. Can build.
[16] Valencia: 10/300. Can build.
[15] Murcia: 2/300. Can build.
[19] Pamplona: 6/300. Can build.

Let's check the resources of each village to see what we can build:
[0] Lisboa: wood 30, iron 330. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood, 0 iron) or 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) or 0 knight (needs 30 wood, 30 iron - we have 30 wood, 330 iron, so we can build 1 knight! Wait, knight costs 30 wood + 30 iron. We have 30 wood and 330 iron, so we can build 1 knight).
Let's check the formula: "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW."
So for Lisboa:
- spearman: 15 wood, 0 iron. We have 30 wood. We can build 2 spearman.
- archer: 20 wood, 10 iron. We have 30 wood, 330 iron. We can build 1 archer.
- knight: 30 wood, 30 iron. We have 30 wood, 330 iron. We can build 1 knight.
But we can only build one type per village per turn? Or can we build multiple types? The JSON build format is:
`"build": [ {"villageId": <id>, "type": <"spearman" | "archer" | "knight">, "quantity": <how many to build, 1 or more>} ]`
Usually, we can build one type per village per turn, or maybe multiple entries for the same village? The schema says "villageId: <id of one of YOUR villages>, type: <...>, quantity: <...>". It doesn't explicitly forbid multiple entries for the same village, but usually it's one build per village per turn. Let's assume one build per village, or we can specify the most efficient one.
Wait, let's look at the resources produced: "Each village you hold produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn."
Wait, the resources listed are:
[0] Lisboa: wood 30 (+30/turn) | iron 330 (+20/turn).
This means before production, it had 30 wood and 330 iron? Or after production?
"These numbers are from TURN 27."
Usually, the resources shown are the current resources available for building this turn.
Let's check if we can build spearman in all villages.
Almost all villages have at least 30 wood (or 40 for border ones, which have +30/turn but maybe they started with more, or they produce 30 and have some stored).
Let's look at the wood and iron of all villages:
[0] Lisboa: wood 30, iron 330. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood).
[1] Santarem: wood 30, iron 350. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood).
[2] Evora: wood 30, iron 410. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood).
[3] Coimbra: wood 30, iron 380. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood).
[4] Badajoz: wood 40, iron 320. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood).
[5] Faro: wood 30, iron 380. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood).
[6] Porto: wood 30, iron 330. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood).
[7] Salamanca: wood 30, iron 230. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood).
[10] Vigo: wood 30, iron 300. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood).
[9] Sevilha: wood 30, iron 300. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood).
[11] Cordoba: wood 30, iron 240. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood).
[13] Teruel: wood 40, iron 90. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood).
[12] Madrid: wood 40, iron 210. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood).
[14] Burgos: wood 30, iron 220. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood).
[17] Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 120. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood).
[16] Valencia: wood 30, iron 110. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood).
[15] Murcia: wood 30, iron 170. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood).
[19] Pamplona: wood 30, iron 200. Can build 2 spearman (30 wood).

Wait, is it better to build spearman or archers/knights?
Let's look at the enemy's forces and our forces.
We have mostly spearman (305 spearman, 54 archer, 5 knight).
The enemy has:
[8] Toledo: 12 spearmen, 2 archers, 3 knights.
[20] Huesca: 2 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights.
[21] Tarragona: 10 spearmen, 2 archers, 2 knights.
[18] Castellon: 1 archer.
And the capital [22] Barcelona and [23] Girona are unknown but likely have more.
Since we need to hold 18 villages, we should reinforce our border villages to defend them, and maybe prepare to attack enemy villages to eliminate them or just hold our territory.
Wait, the win condition is: "hold at least 18 of the map's 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village."
If we already hold 18, and we held 18 last turn (since the note says "We are reinforcing our border villages to ensure we hold 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns and win. ... Next turn, we will check if we have held 18 villages and prepare for any enemy counter-attacks."), then if we hold 18 this turn, and we held 18 last turn, do we win?
Wait, "hold at least 18 ... for 2 consecutive turns".
If we held 18 last turn (Turn 26), and we hold 18 this turn (Turn 27), then Turn 26 and Turn 27 are 2 consecutive turns!
But the game is still running (we are at Turn 27, writing orders for Turn 27).
Wait, the turn we are writing orders for is Turn 27. The state we see is "TURN 27 - You are King A. These numbers are from TURN 27."
Ah! "These numbers are from TURN 27." This means the state is at the beginning of Turn 27, or after Turn 26's movements and builds?
"WHAT HAPPENED LAST TURN: Your reinforcement ... arrived ...". This means the arrivals happened in Turn 26, and now we are in Turn 27.
If we held 18 in Turn 26, and we hold 18 in Turn 27, then we have held them for 2 consecutive turns (Turn 26 and Turn 27). But the game hasn't declared victory yet, or maybe we need to hold them *after* Turn 27's movements? Or maybe we didn't hold 18 in Turn 26?
Let's check if we held 18 in Turn 26.
The note says: "We sent spearman from Santarem to Badajoz, Salamanca to Madrid, Madrid to Zaragoza, Zaragoza to Teruel, Murcia to Valencia, Burgos to Pamplona, and Sevilha to Cordoba. We built 2 spearman in every village (4 in Teruel and Valencia) to grow our army. Next turn, we will check if we have held 18 villages..."
If we sent troops from Santarem to Badajoz, etc., those were movements. The villages we sent from are still ours, and the destinations are ours. So we still held 18.
But to be safe, we should make sure we don't lose any village this turn, and we should try to conquer more if possible, or at least keep the 18.
Wait, can we conquer an enemy village?
Let's look at the enemy villages:
[18] Castellon: garrison 1 archer, defense 3. This is very weak!
Can we attack Castellon [18]?
It is connected to [13] Teruel (yours), [16] Valencia (yours), [21] Tarragona (enemy).
We can send troops from [13] Teruel or [16] Valencia to [18] Castellon.
Let's check the march time:
From [16] Valencia to [18] Castellon: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns".
From [13] Teruel to [18] Castellon: "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" (implied by road network: [13] is connected to [18]).
Wait, the report says:
"[18] Castellon ... march from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns"
And for [13] Teruel: "from here to your nearest border village [4] Badajoz: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". But [13] is also connected to [18]. Let's check the road network:
`[13] Teruel (yours): [8], [16], [17], [18]`
Yes, [13] is connected to [18].
If we attack [18] Castellon, we can send troops from [16] Valencia or [13] Teruel.
Let's look at the garrison of [18] Castellon: 1 archer, defense 3.
If we send, say, 10 spearman from [16] Valencia, they will arrive in 1 slow turn (since spearman is slow).
Wait, if we send them, they will fight the 1 archer.
Let's calculate the battle:
Attackers: 10 spearman. Attack of spearman is 1. Total attack = 10.
Defenders: 1 archer. Defense of archer is 2. But in a village, defense counts x1.25. So effective defense of 1 archer is 2 * 1.25 = 2.5 (or 3? The report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 3").
So defender has effective defense 3.
Attacker has 10 attack. Defender has 3 defense.
Attacker wins easily, but takes some losses.
Is it worth sending troops to conquer [18] Castellon?
If we conquer [18], we will hold 19 villages! That would be 19/24 = 79%, which is even safer, and it eliminates one of the enemy's villages.
Wait, the enemy might also send troops to attack our villages.
Let's look at our weakest border villages:
[19] Pamplona: defense 15, troops 6 spearman.
[16] Valencia: defense 25, troops 10 (9 spearman, 1 archer).
[13] Teruel: defense 33, troops 13 (11 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight). But 10 spearmen are marching to it, so it will have 23.
[12] Madrid: defense 55, troops 22.
[11] Cordoba: defense 63, troops 25.
[17] Zaragoza: defense 73, troops 29.
[4] Badajoz: defense 120, troops 48.

Pamplona [19] is very weak (defense 15, 6 troops). It is connected to [14] Burgos (yours), [17] Zaragoza (yours), [20] Huesca (enemy).
Huesca [20] has 2 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights (total 5 troops, defense 13).
If Huesca sends all its troops to Pamplona:
Attackers: 2 spearman (attack 2), 1 archer (attack 2), 2 knights (attack 8). Total attack = 12.
Defenders in Pamplona: 6 spearman. Defense of spearman is 2. In a village, defense is x1.25, so 2 * 1.25 = 2.5. Total defense for 6 spearman = 15 (which matches the "effective defense: 15" in the report!).
So if the enemy attacks with 12 attack against 15 defense, the defender (us) wins!
Wait, what if the enemy attacks from Toledo [8] to Badajoz [4] or Cordoba [11]?
Toledo [8] has 12 spearmen, 2 archers, 3 knights.
Total attack: 12*1 + 2*2 + 3*4 = 12 + 4 + 12 = 28.
Our defense in Badajoz [4] is 120. So we easily win.
Our defense in Cordoba [11] is 63. 28 attack vs 63 defense, we win.
What about Madrid [12]? Defense 55. We win.
What about Teruel [13]? Defense 33. If Toledo sends 28 attack, and we have 23 troops (mostly spearman, defense 2 * 1.25 = 2.5. 23 * 2.5 = 57.5, but the report says effective defense is 33. Why is it 33? Maybe because of the mix or some other formula. But 33 is still higher than 28, so we win).
What about Zaragoza [17]? Defense 73. We win.
What about Valencia [16]? Defense 25. If Castellon [18] (1 archer) or Teruel [13] attacks it, we win. But if Toledo [8] attacks it? Toledo is not directly connected to Valencia. Toledo is connected to [4], [11], [12], [13]. Valencia is connected to [13], [15], [18]. So Toledo would have to go through Teruel [13] (which is ours) to reach Valencia. But armies stop at the first non-friendly village. So Toledo cannot reach Valencia without taking Teruel first.
What about Pamplona [19]? Connected to Huesca [20] and Zaragoza [17] (ours) and Burgos [14] (ours). Only Huesca [20] can attack it directly. Huesca has only 5 troops, attack 12. Our defense is 15. We win.

So our borders are quite safe from immediate counter-attacks, unless the enemy gathers a huge army from multiple villages. But the enemy villages are far apart and we own most of the map, so they can't easily gather a huge army without us seeing them.
Wait, the enemy capital is Barcelona [22]. It is connected to Tarragona [21] and Girona [23].
Can we attack Barcelona?
To attack Barcelona, we need to go through Tarragona [21] or Girona [23] (or Huesca [20] -> Girona [23] -> Barcelona [22]).
Tarragona [21] has 10 spearmen, 2 archers, 2 knights (defense 35).
If we want to attack Tarragona, we can send troops from Zaragoza [17].
Zaragoza is connected to Tarragona [21].
Let's check the march from Zaragoza [17] to Tarragona [21]:
"march from [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" to Tarragona [21].
If we send troops from Zaragoza to Tarragona, we can attack it.
But Tarragona has 35 defense, and we have 29 troops in Zaragoza.
Wait, we can build more troops in Zaragoza!
And we can also send troops from Madrid [12] to Zaragoza [17] to reinforce it, and then from Zaragoza to Tarragona. But that would take many turns.
Can we send troops from other villages directly to Tarragona?
Only Zaragoza [17] is connected to Tarragona [21] on our side. (Castellon [18] is also connected to Tarragona, but Castellon is enemy).
So we can only attack Tarragona from Zaragoza [17].

Let's look at the plan.
Our main goal is to win.
We currently hold 18 villages. If we hold 18 for 2 consecutive turns, we win.
Are we sure we held 18 last turn?
The note says: "We are reinforcing our border villages to ensure we hold 18 villages for 2 consecutive turns and win."
This implies we are trying to make sure we hold them for 2 consecutive turns.
If we just defend and do nothing, we might hold them, but the enemy might also be building up.
To be safe and to actively pursue the win condition, we can try to conquer Castellon [18] because it is extremely weak (1 archer, defense 3).
If we conquer Castellon, we will have 19 villages, and the enemy will have fewer.
Let's see how we can conquer Castellon [18].
We can send troops from Valencia [16] or Teruel [13].
Let's look at Valencia [16]:
Troops at home: 10 (9 spearman, 1 archer).
If we send all 10 troops (9 spearman, 1 archer) to Castellon [18]:
They will march from Valencia to Castellon. March time: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. Since we send spearman (slow) and archer (medium), the slowest is spearman, so it takes 1 slow turn (which is 1 turn? Wait, "1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" means 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast? Or does it mean the travel time is 1 turn for slow, 1 for medium, 1 for fast? Usually, the numbers are the number of turns. So 1 slow turn means 1 turn).
Let's check the report: "march from [16] Valencia: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". This means 1 turn for any troop type.
So they will arrive next turn (Turn 28).
When they arrive, they will attack Castellon [18].
Castellon has 1 archer (defense 3).
Our 9 spearman have 9 attack. 1 archer has 1 attack (but it's defending, so defense 3).
We will win easily and conquer Castellon.
Wait, is there any risk that the enemy sends reinforcements to Castellon?
Castellon is connected to Tarragona [21] and Teruel [13] (ours) and Valencia [16] (ours).
The enemy can only send from Tarragona [21] to Castellon [18].
Tarragona has 10 spearmen, 2 archers, 2 knights.
If Tarragona sends troops to Castellon, they might arrive at the same time as our troops from Valencia, or before.
But since orders are simultaneous, if the enemy sends from Tarragona to Castellon, and we send from Valencia to Castellon, they will meet at Castellon.
Wait, "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So our 10 troops from Valencia would fight the enemy's troops from Tarragona, and then the garrison of Castellon (or vice versa, depending on who fights first).
Usually, the defender fights first, or the attackers fight in some order.
But if we send from Valencia, we can also send from Teruel [13] to Castellon [18]!
Teruel [13] has 13 troops (11 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight).
If we send, say, 10 spearman from Teruel to Castellon, they will also arrive in 1 turn.
Then we would have two sends attacking Castellon. Even if the enemy sends from Tarragona, we have two sends, so we can overwhelm them.
But wait, if we send from Teruel, we weaken Teruel's defense. Teruel is a border village with Toledo [8] and Castellon [18].
Toledo [8] has 12 spearmen, 2 archers, 3 knights. If we empty Teruel, Toledo could attack and conquer Teruel!
So we shouldn't send all troops from Teruel. We should leave enough to defend Teruel, or we can send from Valencia which is less critical (only bordered by Castellon, and Castellon is almost empty).
Valencia [16] has only 10 troops. If we send all 10, Valencia will be empty.
Is Valencia at risk of being attacked?
Valencia is connected to Teruel [13] (ours), Murcia [15] (ours), Castellon [18] (enemy).
The only enemy village connected to Valencia is Castellon [18], which has only 1 archer. So if we conquer Castellon, Valencia is safe. If we don't, Castellon can't do much damage to Valencia because it only has 1 archer.
But if we send all 10 troops from Valencia to Castellon, Valencia will have 0 troops. If Castellon is not conquered (e.g. if the enemy reinforces it and we lose), then Valencia is empty and could be conquered by Castellon? But Castellon only has 1 archer, so even if it conquers Valencia, it would just be 1 archer there.
Actually, conquering Castellon is very important because it opens up the road to Tarragona and Barcelona, and it eliminates an enemy village.
Let's look at the resources and builds.
We should build troops to reinforce our villages.
Which villages should we build in?
We should build spearman in almost all of our villages to increase our population and army size.
Let's list the builds we can do:
We have 18 villages. Each can build up to 2 spearman (since spearman costs 15 wood, and we have at least 30 wood in each village).
Wait, can we build archers or knights?
Knights cost 30 wood + 30 iron.
Let's see which villages have enough iron and wood to build knights:
[0] Lisboa: wood 30, iron 330. Can build 1 knight.
[1] Santarem: wood 30, iron 350. Can build 1 knight.
[2] Evora: wood 30, iron 410. Can build 1 knight.
[3] Coimbra: wood 30, iron 380. Can build 1 knight.
[4] Badajoz: wood 40, iron 320. Can build 1 knight (needs 30 wood, 30 iron).
[5] Faro: wood 30, iron 380. Can build 1 knight.
[6] Porto: wood 30, iron 330. Can build 1 knight.
[7] Salamanca: wood 30, iron 230. Can build 1 knight.
[10] Vigo: wood 30, iron 300. Can build 1 knight.
[9] Sevilha: wood 30, iron 300. Can build 1 knight.
[11] Cordoba: wood 30, iron 240. Can build 1 knight.
[13] Teruel: wood 40, iron 90. Can build 1 knight (needs 30 wood, 30 iron).
[12] Madrid: wood 40, iron 210. Can build 1 knight.
[14] Burgos: wood 30, iron 220. Can build 1 knight.
[17] Zaragoza: wood 30, iron 120. Can build 1 knight.
[16] Valencia: wood 30, iron 110. Can build 1 knight.
[15] Murcia: wood 30, iron 170. Can build 1 knight.
[19] Pamplona: wood 30, iron 200. Can build 1 knight.

Wait, is it better to build spearman or knights?
Spearman costs 15 wood, 0 iron. We can build 2 spearman per village.
Knights cost 30 wood, 30 iron. We can build 1 knight per village.
Knights are much better offensively (attack 4 vs 1) and have fast speed, but they are expensive.
Since we have a lot of wood and iron, and we want to build a strong army, maybe we should build knights in some key border villages, and spearman in others.
But wait, the cap is 300 troops per village. Our villages have very low troop counts (mostly under 50). So we can build a lot of troops.
If we build 2 spearman in every village, that's 36 spearman per turn. That's a good steady growth.
If we build 1 knight in some villages, we get some fast, powerful troops.
Let's look at the enemy's troops: they have some knights (Toledo has 3, Huesca has 2, Tarragona has 2).
If we build knights, we can match them.
But spearman are cheap and we have 305 of them already.
Let's build 2 spearman in most villages, and maybe some knights in the ones with high iron or where we want fast response.
Actually, building 2 spearman in every village is a very safe and standard strategy to grow our army.
Let's check if we can build 2 spearman in all 18 villages.
Yes, every village has at least 30 wood (or 40 for border ones), so they can all afford 2 spearman (30 wood).
Let's write the build orders for 2 spearman in all 18 villages.
Wait, is there any village where we should build archers?
Archers cost 20 wood, 10 iron. We have plenty of iron in most villages.
But spearman are the backbone of our army, and we need numbers to hold the 18 villages.
Let's build 2 spearman in all 18 villages.
Wait, let's look at the movements.
We want to attack Castellon [18] from Valencia [16].
Valencia [16] has 9 spearman, 1 archer.
If we send all 10 troops from Valencia to Castellon:
`{"fromId": 16, "toId": 18, "troops": {"spearman": 9, "archer": 1}}`
Will they arrive and conquer Castellon?
Yes, Castellon has only 1 archer (defense 3). Our 9 spearman (attack 9) will easily defeat it.
Wait, what about the 10 spearmen that are currently marching from Zaragoza [17] to Teruel [13]?
"10 spearmen: [17] -> [13], arrives in 1 turn"
This is already ordered. We don't need to order it again. It will arrive at Teruel this turn.
Are there any other marching troops?
"YOURS: - 10 spearmen: [17] -> [13], arrives in 1 turn"
That's the only one.

Let's think about reinforcing other border villages.
Should we send troops from interior villages to border villages?
Interior villages:
[0] Lisboa, [1] Santarem, [2] Evora, [3] Coimbra, [5] Faro, [6] Porto, [7] Salamanca, [10] Vigo, [9] Sevilha, [14] Burgos, [15] Murcia.
Border villages:
[4] Badajoz, [11] Cordoba, [13] Teruel, [12] Madrid, [17] Zaragoza, [16] Valencia, [19] Pamplona.
We can send reinforcements from interior to border to make sure they are strong.
For example:
- Send from Lisboa [0] to Badajoz [4]? Lisboa is connected to [1] and [2]. Badajoz is connected to [1], [5], [7], [8], [9]. So from Lisboa to Badajoz, we have to go through Santarem [1] or Evora [2] -> Faro [5] -> Badajoz [4].
The report says:
"from here to your nearest border village [4] Badajoz: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" from Lisboa [0].
So we can send from Lisboa to Badajoz. It takes 2 slow turns (for spearman).
But Badajoz already has 48 troops and defense 120. It's very strong.
What about Pamplona [19]? It is weak (defense 15, 6 troops).
Can we send troops to Pamplona?
Pamplona is connected to Burgos [14] (ours), Zaragoza [17] (ours), Huesca [20] (enemy).
From Burgos [14] to Pamplona [19]:
Let's check the road network:
`[14] Burgos (yours): [10], [12], [19]`
Yes, Burgos is connected to Pamplona!
And Burgos has 2 troops (2 spearman). We can send them to Pamplona, but that would empty Burgos.
Can we send from Vigo [10] to Burgos [14] to Pamplona [19]? That would take too long.
Can we send from Zaragoza [17] to Pamplona [19]?
Zaragoza is connected to Pamplona [19].
Zaragoza has 29 troops. We can send, say, 10 spearman from Zaragoza to Pamplona.
But Zaragoza is also a border village (with Huesca and Tarragona). It needs to defend itself and attack Tarragona.
If we send 10 spearman from Zaragoza to Pamplona, Zaragoza will have 19 left, which is still okay.
But wait, Pamplona's defense is 15. With 6 spearman, it has defense 15. If we send 10 spearman, it will have 16 spearman, defense around 40. That is much safer!
Let's check the march time from Zaragoza to Pamplona:
Zaragoza [17] is connected to Pamplona [19].
Let's look at the road network:
`[17] Zaragoza (yours): [12], [13], [19], [20], [21]`
Yes, [17] is connected to [19].
March time: "from here to your nearest border village [12] Madrid: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns" from Salamanca [7].
From Zaragoza to Pamplona: since they are directly connected, it should be 1 slow turn (for spearman).
Let's send 10 spearman from Zaragoza [17] to Pamplona [19].
Wait, Zaragoza has 29 spearman. If we send 10, it has 19 left.
Is there any other source for Pamplona?
Burgos [14] is connected to Pamplona [19]. Burgos has 2 spearman. We can send them, but they are too few.
What about Madrid [12] to Zaragoza [17] to Pamplona? Too many turns.
So sending from Zaragoza to Pamplona is the best.

What about Valencia [16] to Castellon [18]?
We decided to send all 10 troops from Valencia to Castellon.
Valencia has 9 spearman, 1 archer. Let's send them all.
What about Teruel [13]?
Teruel has 11 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight. And 10 spearmen are arriving this turn, so it will have 21 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight (total 23).
Teruel is bordered by Toledo [8] and Castellon [18].
If we conquer Castellon, Teruel's border with Castellon becomes ours, so it's safer.
But Toledo [8] is still a threat. Toledo has 12 spearmen, 2 archers, 3 knights (total 17 troops, attack 28).
Teruel will have 23 troops. Defense of Teruel is 33.
If Toledo attacks Teruel: Toledo attack 28 vs Teruel defense 33. Teruel wins.
So Teruel is safe for now. We don't need to send reinforcements to Teruel, but we can build troops there.

What about Cordoba [11]?
Cordoba has 24 spearman, 1 archer (total 25). Defense 63.
Toledo is connected to Cordoba.
If Toledo attacks Cordoba: Toledo attack 28 vs Cordoba defense 63. Cordoba wins easily.
So Cordoba is safe.

What about Madrid [12]?
Madrid has 19 spearman, 3 archer (total 22). Defense 55.
Toledo is connected to Madrid.
Toledo attack 28 vs Madrid defense 55. Madrid wins.
So Madrid is safe.

What about Badajoz [4]?
Badajoz has 38 spearman, 10 archer (total 48). Defense 120.
Toledo is connected to Badajoz.
Toledo attack 28 vs Badajoz defense 120. Badajoz wins easily.
So Badajoz is safe.

What about Zaragoza [17]?
Zaragoza has 29 spearman. Defense 73.
It is bordered by Huesca [20] and Tarragona [21].
Huesca has 2 spearmen, 1 archer, 2 knights (attack 12).
Tarragona has 10 spearmen, 2 archers, 2 knights (attack 10*1 + 2*2 + 2*4 = 10 + 4 + 8 = 22).
If both attack Zaragoza simultaneously? They can't easily coordinate unless they both send troops to Zaragoza.
Even if they both attack, the total attack would be 12 + 22 = 34.
Zaragoza defense is 73. So Zaragoza wins easily.
But if we send 10 spearman to Pamplona, Zaragoza will have 19 spearman, defense around 60. Still safe.

So the main action is attacking Castellon [18] from Valencia [16], and reinforcing Pamplona [19] from Zaragoza [17].
Let's double check if we can send troops from other villages to Castellon to make the conquest even faster and safer.
Can we send from Teruel [13] to Castellon [18]?
Teruel has 23 troops (after 10 arrive). If we send, say, 10 spearman from Teruel to Castellon, and 10 from Valencia to Castellon, we will have 20 spearman attacking Castellon.
But if we send from Teruel, we reduce its defense from 33 to maybe 20. If Toledo attacks Teruel while we are attacking Castellon, Teruel might be in danger.
Wait, if we send from Valencia, we have 9 spearman, 1 archer. That is 10 troops.
Castellon has 1 archer.
If we send 10 troops, they will fight the 1 archer and win.
Is there any chance the enemy sends reinforcements to Castellon from Tarragona [21]?
Tarragona has 10 spearmen, 2 archers, 2 knights.
If Tarragona sends, say, 5 troops to Castellon, they might arrive at the same time.
If they arrive at the same time, our 10 troops from Valencia will fight the enemy's 5 troops from Tarragona first (or the garrison first).
Actually, the rule says: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination."
So if we send from Valencia to Castellon, and the enemy sends from Tarragona to Castellon, they will both arrive at Castellon.
"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So our send from Valencia will fight the garrison of Castellon (1 archer) and win, then the enemy send from Tarragona will fight our remaining troops, or vice versa.
Since our send has 10 troops and the garrison has 1, we will have ~9 troops left to fight the enemy send from Tarragona (if they sent 5, we win; if they sent 15, they might win).
But Tarragona has only 15 troops total. If they send 15, they empty Tarragona, which is their main border village! And we can then attack Tarragona from Zaragoza easily.
So the enemy is unlikely to empty Tarragona to defend Castellon, because Castellon is almost worthless (1 archer) and Tarragona is their key to Barcelona.
So sending from Valencia to Castellon is very safe and highly profitable.

Let's write down the movements:
1. From Valencia [16] to Castellon [18]: send all available troops: 9 spearman, 1 archer.
Wait, Valencia has 9 spearman, 1 archer. Let's send them all.
2. From Zaragoza [17] to Pamplona [19]: send 10 spearman to reinforce Pamplona.
Zaragoza has 29 spearman. Sending 10 leaves 19, which is plenty.
Let's check if we should send any other reinforcements.
What about Burgos [14]? It has 2 spearman. We can send them to Pamplona [19] as well, or keep them.
Burgos is interior, so it's safe. But sending 2 spearman from Burgos to Pamplona takes 1 turn (since they are connected).
Let's send the 2 spearman from Burgos [14] to Pamplona [19] as well, to increase Pamplona's garrison further.
Wait, if we send 10 from Zaragoza and 2 from Burgos, they will arrive at Pamplona on the same turn.
"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
But Pamplona is OUR village! "You may also send troops to a village YOU already own: they march the same way and, on arrival, join that village's garrison as reinforcements."
Ah! "join that village's garrison as reinforcements". So they DO add up when arriving at our own village!
The rule "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time" applies to ENEMY villages (attacking them). For our own villages, they join the garrison.
So sending 10 from Zaragoza and 2 from Burgos to Pamplona is perfectly fine, they will both join the garrison.
Let's do that to make Pamplona very strong (6 + 10 + 2 = 18 spearman).

Let's check if we should send troops from any other interior village to border villages.
For example, from Salamanca [7] to Madrid [12] or Badajoz [4]?
Salamanca has 4 spearman, 2 knight.
Madrid has 19 spearman, 3 archer. It's already strong.
Badajoz has 38 spearman, 10 archer. Very strong.
Cordoba has 24 spearman, 1 archer. Strong.
Teruel will have 23 troops. Strong.
Zaragoza will have 19 spearman. Strong.
Valencia will send all its troops to Castellon, so Valencia will have 0 troops.
Is Valencia at risk if we empty it?
Valencia is connected to Teruel [13] (ours), Murcia [15] (ours), Castellon [18] (enemy).
If we conquer Castellon, Valencia is safe.
If we don't conquer Castellon (e.g. if the enemy somehow defends it successfully), Valencia will be empty. But Castellon only has 1 archer, so it can't launch a major attack to conquer Valencia. Even if it sends its 1 archer to Valencia, it will just be 1 archer in Valencia, which we can easily recapture later.
So emptying Valencia to attack Castellon is a calculated risk, but highly likely to succeed and give us a 19th village.

Let's check the builds.
We should build 2 spearman in every village to grow our army.
Let's list all 18 villages and build 2 spearman in each:
[0] Lisboa: build 2 spearman
[1] Santarem: build 2 spearman
[2] Evora: build 2 spearman
[3] Coimbra: build 2 spearman
[4] Badajoz: build 2 spearman
[5] Faro: build 2 spearman
[6] Porto: build 2 spearman
[7] Salamanca: build 2 spearman
[10] Vigo: build 2 spearman
[9] Sevilha: build 2 spearman
[11] Cordoba: build 2 spearman
[13] Teruel: build 2 spearman
[12] Madrid: build 2 spearman
[14] Burgos: build 2 spearman
[17] Zaragoza: build 2 spearman
[16] Valencia: build 2 spearman
[15] Murcia: build 2 spearman
[19] Pamplona: build 2 spearman

Wait, can we build 2 spearman in all of them?
Let's check the wood resources again:
All villages have at least 30 wood.
[0] Lisboa: wood 30. 2 spearman cost 30 wood. Yes.
[1] Santarem: wood 30. Yes.
[2] Evora: wood 30. Yes.
[3] Coimbra: wood 30. Yes.
[4] Badajoz: wood 40. Yes.
[5] Faro: wood 30. Yes.
[6] Porto: wood 30. Yes.
[7] Salamanca: wood 30. Yes.
[10] Vigo: wood 30. Yes.
[9] Sevilha: wood 30. Yes.
[11] Cordoba: wood 30. Yes.
[13] Teruel: wood 40. Yes.
[12] Madrid: wood 40. Yes.
[14] Burgos: wood 30. Yes.
[17] Zaragoza: wood 30. Yes.
[16] Valencia: wood 30. Yes.
[15] Murcia: wood 30. Yes.
[19] Pamplona: wood 30. Yes.

So yes, we can build 2 spearman in all 18 villages!
This will give us +36 spearman next turn, which is a huge boost to our army.
Let's check if we should build any knights instead of spearman in some villages.
Knights are better, but they cost 30 wood + 30 iron.
If we build 1 knight in Lisboa, we use 30 wood and 30 iron. We can't build spearman there because we only have 30 wood, and knight costs 30 wood, so we can only build 1 knight.
But 1 knight is fewer troops than 2 spearman, and we need numbers to hold villages and garrison them.
Also, spearman are great for defense (defense 2, vs knight defense 2, but spearman are cheaper).
So building 2 spearman everywhere is the best way to increase our troop count and secure our villages.

Let's write the JSON structure.
The JSON should have:
- `build`: list of objects with `villageId`, `type`, `quantity`.
- `movements`: list of objects with `fromId`, `toId`, `troops`.
- `plan`: string (note to next turn).
- `statement`: string (for the audience).

Let's refine the movements:
1. From Valencia [16] to Castellon [18]:
`{"fromId": 16, "toId": 18, "troops": {"spearman": 9, "archer": 1}}`
Wait, Valencia has 9 spearman, 1 archer. Let's send exactly that.
2. From Zaragoza [17] to Pamplona [19]:
`{"fromId": 17, "toId": 19, "troops": {"spearman": 10}}`
Zaragoza has 29 spearman. Sending 10 is safe.
3. From Burgos [14] to Pamplona [19]:
`{"fromId": 14, "toId": 19, "troops": {"spearman": 2}}`
Burgos has 2 spearman. Sending them all to reinforce Pamplona.

Let's check if we should send any other troops.
What about the 10 spearmen marching from Zaragoza to Teruel? They are already marching, we don't need to order them.
What about sending troops from Salamanca [7] to Madrid [12]?
Salamanca has 4 spearman, 2 knight.
Madrid has 19 spearman, 3 archer.
If we send the 2 knights from Salamanca to Madrid, they will arrive in 1 fast turn.
But Madrid is already strong, and Salamanca is interior. We can keep them in Salamanca or send them to Madrid. Let's keep them in Salamanca for now to build up the interior, or send them to Madrid to have fast reaction force.
Actually, keeping them in Salamanca is fine, they will join the garrison there.

Let's write the `plan` note:
"We are attacking the weak enemy village of Castellon [18] with all troops from Valencia [16] to conquer it and increase our village count to 19. We are also reinforcing Pamplona [19] with 10 spearman from Zaragoza [17] and 2 from Burgos [14] to secure our northern border. We built 2 spearman in all 18 villages to grow our army. Next turn, we will check if Castellon is conquered and reinforce our positions."

Let's write the `statement` for the audience:
"Turn 27: I order a full assault on Castellon, sending all of Valencia's garrison to crush the tiny enemy resistance there. To secure the north, I march spearman from Zaragoza and Burgos to Pamplona, shoring up its defenses. Across the empire, every village works to forge two more spearmen, swelling our ranks as we move closer to total victory!"

Let's double check the JSON format and constraints.
"Reply with ONE valid JSON object and nothing else - no text before or after it."
"Use only ids that appear in the report above. Do not send troops a village does not have. Empty lists are valid orders."

Let's check the troop counts we are sending:
From Valencia [16]: 9 spearman, 1 archer.
Does Valencia have 9 spearman, 1 archer?
"AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 9 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight" - Yes.
From Zaragoza [17]: 10 spearman.
Does Zaragoza have at least 10 spearman?
"AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 29 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight" - Yes.
From Burgos [14]: 2 spearman.
Does Burgos have 2 spearman?
"AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 2 spearman, 0 archer, 0 knight" - Yes.

Let's check the builds:
We are building 2 spearman in all 18 villages.
Let's write the build list:
`"build": [ {"villageId": 0, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}, {"villageId": 1, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}, {"villageId": 2, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}, {"villageId": 3, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}, {"villageId": 4, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}, {"villageId": 5, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}, {"villageId": 6, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}, {"villageId": 7, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}, {"villageId": 10, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}, {"villageId": 9, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}, {"villageId": 11, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}, {"villageId": 13, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}, {"villageId": 12, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}, {"villageId": 14, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}, {"villageId": 17, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}, {"villageId": 16, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}, {"villageId": 15, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2}, {"villageId": 19, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 2} ]`
Wait, is there any village missing?
Let's count the villages in the list:
0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 19.
Total: 18 villages.
Let's check the list of our villages from the report:
[0] Lisboa, [1] Santarem, [2] Evora, [3] Coimbra, [4] Badajoz, [5] Faro, [6] Porto, [7] Salamanca, [10] Vigo, [9] Sevilha, [11] Cordoba, [13] Teruel, [12] Madrid, [14] Burgos, [17] Zaragoza, [16] Valencia, [15] Murcia, [19] Pamplona.
Yes, exactly those 18.

Let's check if we can build 2 spearman in Valencia [16] even though we are sending all its current troops.
Yes, building troops is independent of sending troops. The troops we build this turn will be ready next turn, after the sent troops have left. So Valencia will have 0 troops this turn (after sending), but we can still order 2 spearman to be built, and they will be ready next turn. This is standard in these games.

Let's review the movements list:
`"movements": [ {"fromId": 16, "toId": 18, "troops": {"spearman": 9, "archer": 1}}, {"fromId": 17, "toId": 19, "troops": "spearman": 10}, {"fromId": 14, "toId": 19, "troops": {"spearman": 2}} ]`
Wait, the format for troops in movements is:
`"troops": {"spearman": <n>, "archer": <n>, "knight": <n>}`
So:
`{"fromId": 16, "toId": 18, "troops": {"spearman": 9, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}}`
`{"fromId": 17, "toId": 19, "troops": {"spearman": 10, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}}`
`{"fromId": 14, "toId": 19, "troops": {"spearman": 2, "archer": 0, "knight": 0}}`
This is perfectly valid.

Let's double check if there are any other movements we should do.
What about sending troops from Salamanca [7] to Madrid [12]?
Salamanca has 4 spearman, 2 knight.
If we send the 2 knights to Madrid, they will be a fast strike force.
But Madrid is already strong, and we want to keep our interior villages populated so they can build and serve as reserves.
So let's not move them.

Let's check the `plan` text length:
"plan": "We are attacking the weak enemy village of Castellon [18] with all troops from Valencia [16] to conquer it and increase our village count to 19. We are also reinforcing Pamplona [19] with 10 spearman from Zaragoza [17] and 2 from Burgos [14] to secure our northern border. We built 2 spearman in all 18 villages to grow our army. Next turn, we will check if Castellon is conquered and reinforce our positions."
This is around 400 characters, well under the 600 character limit.

Let's check the `statement` text length:
"statement": "Turn 27: I order a full assault on Castellon, sending all of Valencia's garrison to crush the tiny enemy resistance there. To secure the north, I march spearman from Zaragoza and Burgos to Pamplona, shoring up its defenses. Across the empire, every village works to forge two more spearmen, swelling our ranks as we move closer to total victory!"
This is also well under the limit and fits the tone.

Let's do a final sanity check on the rules.
- "Each village you hold produces resources every turn, and resources are what build your army." (We used the resources to build 2 spearman in each village).
- "Orders are SIMULTANEOUS: the enemy writes their orders at the same time as you, over the same snapshot of the map you are reading now." (We accounted for this by assuming the enemy might react, but our moves are strong enough).
- "The side with the HIGHER effective force wins. A tie favors the DEFENDER." (Our attack on Castellon has 9 spearman vs 1 archer, which is a massive advantage).
- "Only order a build the village can pay for NOW." (We checked wood for all villages, they all have >= 30 wood, so 2 spearman is affordable).
- "Use only ids that appear in the report above." (We used 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 19 for builds, and 16, 18, 17, 19, 14 for movements. All are valid).
- "Do not send troops a village does not have." (We checked available troops for 16, 17, 14. All are within limits).

Everything looks solid and well-reasoned. I will output the JSON now.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":0,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":1,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":2,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":3,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":4,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":5,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":6,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":7,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":10,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":9,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":11,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":13,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":12,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":14,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":17,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":16,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":15,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":19,"tipo":"lanceiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":16,"destinoId":18,"tropas":{"lanceiro":9,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":17,"destinoId":19,"tropas":{"lanceiro":10,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":14,"destinoId":19,"tropas":{"lanceiro":2,"arqueiro":0,"cavaleiro":0}}]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [0]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [1]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [2]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [3]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [4]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [5]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [6]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [7]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [10]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [10]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [9]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [11]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [13]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [13]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [12]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [12]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [14]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [14]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [17]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [16]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [15]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [15]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [19]
ACEITO envio [16]->[18]: 9S+1A
ACEITO envio [17]->[19]: 10S
ACEITO envio [14]->[19]: 2S
plano (volta no proximo prompt): We are attacking the weak enemy village of Castellon [18] with all troops from Valencia [16] to conquer it and increase our village count to 19. We are also reinforcing Pamplona [19] with 10 spearman from Zaragoza [17] and 2 from Burgos [14] to secure our northern border. We built 2 spearman in all 18 villages to grow our army. Next turn, we will check if Castellon is conquered and reinforce our positions.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): Turn 27: I order a full assault on Castellon, sending all of Valencia's garrison to crush the tiny enemy resistance there. To secure the north, I march spearman from Zaragoza and Burgos to Pamplona, shoring up its defenses. Across the empire, every village works to forge two more spearmen, swelling our ranks as we move closer to total victory!
########## TURNO 27 — Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free) ##########
tokens.contexto: prompt 4352 | resposta 12364 | raciocinio 8436 | finish stop | ms 165579
resposta crua: "\n\n{\n  \"build\": [\n    {\"villageId\": 22, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 21, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 23, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 18, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"knight\", \"quantity\": 2},\n    {\"villageId\": 20, \"type\": \"spearman\", \"quantity\": 3},\n    {\"villageId\": 8, \"type\": \"archer\", \"quantity\": 5}\n  ],\n  \"movements\": [\n    {\"fromId\": 21, \"toId\": 18, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 10, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 2}},\n    {\"fromId\": 23, \"toId\": 20, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 2, \"knight\": 0}},\n    {\"fromId\": 22, \"toId\": 21, \"troops\": {\"spearman\": 0, \"archer\": 1, \"knight\": 0}}\n  ],\n  \"plan\": \"Concentrate forces on the southern front (Castellon) to capture Valencia, and the northern front (Huesca) to capture Pamplona. Move troops from Tarragona to Castellon, and Girona to Huesca. Build knights and spearmen in all villages to grow the army. Next turn, attack Valencia from Castellon and Pamplona from Huesca.\",\n  \"statement\": \"We are reinforcing our fronts. Tarragona's troops march to Castellon to prepare for the assault on Valencia, while Girona's archers head to Huesca to bolster the attack on Pamplona. Our builders are working overtime, producing knights and spearmen across the realm to swell our ranks.\"\n}"
raciocinio: The user wants me to act as King B in a turn-based strategy game.
I need to:
1. Analyze the current state of the game (Turn 27).
2. Formulate a plan and a statement.
3. Provide a valid JSON object with `build`, `movements`, `plan`, and `statement`.

Let's look at the current state:
My villages:
- [22] Barcelona: Capital, interior, 1 troop (1 archer), wood 100, iron 110. Def 3.
- [21] Tarragona: Border, 14 troops (10 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight), wood 110, iron 60. Def 35. Faces [17] Zaragoza.
- [23] Girona: Interior, 2 troops (2 archer), wood 110, iron 60. Def 5.
- [18] Castellon: Border, 1 troop (1 archer), wood 100, iron 110. Def 3. Faces [13], [16].
- [20] Huesca: Border, 5 troops (2 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight), wood 110, iron 60. Def 13. Faces [17], [19].
- [8] Toledo: Border, 17 troops (12 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight), wood 100, iron 170. Def 43. Faces [4], [11], [12], [13].

Total troops at home: 40 soldiers (24 spearman, 9 archer, 7 knight).
Available to send:
- Barcelona: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight
- Tarragona: 10 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight
- Girona: 0 spearman, 2 archer, 0 knight
- Castellon: 0 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight
- Huesca: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight
- Toledo: 12 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight

Enemy villages:
- [17] Zaragoza: 29 spearmen, def 73.
- [16] Valencia: 9 spearmen, 1 archer, def 25.
- [13] Teruel: 11 spearmen, 1 archer, 1 knight, def 33.
- [12] Madrid: 19 spearmen, 3 archers, def 55.
- [19] Pamplona: 6 spearmen, def 15.
- [11] Cordoba: 24 spearmen, 1 archer, def 63.
- [4] Badajoz: 38 spearmen, 10 archers, def 120.
- [15] Murcia: last seen 6 spearmen, 1 archer.
- [14] Burgos: last seen 10 spearmen, 3 archers.
- [7] Salamanca: last seen 6 spearmen, 8 archers, 1 knight.
- [0] Lisboa: Enemy capital, unknown.

Goal: Hold at least 18 of the 24 villages (75%) for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate every enemy village. Currently hold 6 of 24.
We need to conquer more villages. We have 6, need 18. That means we need to conquer 12 more villages (or eliminate enemy villages).
Wait, the total map has 24 villages. We have 6. Enemy has some, some are neutral.
Let's see the total villages in the road network:
0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23. That is 24 villages (0 to 23).
Currently:
Ours: 8, 18, 20, 21, 22, 23 (6 villages).
Enemy (King A): 0, 4, 7, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 19 (and maybe others, but these are known/seen).
Neutral (unexplored): 1, 2, 3, 5, 6, 9, 10. (7 villages).
So we need to conquer neutral or enemy villages.
Let's look at the fronts.
We can attack:
- [16] Valencia (def 25, 9 spearman, 1 archer) from [18] Castellon (1 archer). Castellon only has 1 archer, not enough.
- [19] Pamplona (def 15, 6 spearman) from [20] Huesca (2 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight). Attack power: 2 spearman (2 atk), 1 archer (2 atk), 2 knight (8 atk). Total attack = 12. Def 15. We have 5 troops. If we send all, we have 2 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight.
Let's calculate combat against Pamplona [19] (def 15, 6 spearman):
Our troops: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight.
Most numerous type: spearman (2), knight (2), archer (1). Tie between spearman and knight. Tie breaks in order spearman, archer, knight. So spearman is most numerous.
Counter: spearman counters knight? No, spearman counters knight, archer counters spearman, knight counters archer.
Wait, the rules say: "spearman counters knight; archer counters spearman; knight counters archer."
If spearman is the most numerous type, does it count as countering? The enemy has 6 spearman, so their most numerous is spearman.
Wait, "The MOST NUMEROUS type of each army sets the counter matchup (ties in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight)."
Our most numerous: spearman (2) and knight (2). Tie breaks to spearman. So our type is spearman.
Enemy most numerous: spearman (6). So their type is spearman.
Does spearman counter spearman? No, archer counters spearman. So no counter bonus.
Our attack: 2 spearman (2) + 1 archer (2) + 2 knight (8) = 12 attack.
Enemy defense: 6 spearman. Def in village is defense x1.25? "effective defense (location bonus included): 15". The report says "effective defense (location bonus included): 15". So we use 15 directly.
Effective force:
Attacker: 12.
Defender: 15.
Defender wins. We lose all troops.
So attacking Pamplona with all troops from Huesca is a loss.

What about Tarragona [21] attacking Zaragoza [17] (def 73, 29 spearman)?
Tarragona has 10 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. Attack: 10*1 + 2*2 + 2*4 = 10 + 4 + 8 = 22. Def 73. Loss.

What about Toledo [8] attacking Cordoba [11] (def 63, 24 spearman, 1 archer)?
Toledo has 12 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. Attack: 12*1 + 2*2 + 3*4 = 12 + 4 + 12 = 28. Def 63. Loss.

Toledo [8] attacking Teruel [13] (def 33, 11 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight)?
Toledo attack: 28. Def 33. Loss.

Toledo [8] attacking Madrid [12] (def 55, 19 spearman, 3 archer)?
Toledo attack: 28. Def 55. Loss.

Toledo [8] attacking Badajoz [4] (def 120)? Loss.

We need to gather troops to attack something.
Can we reinforce our border villages?
Tarragona has 14 troops. Huesca has 5. Toledo has 17. Castellon has 1.
We can move troops from interior villages (Barcelona, Girona) to front villages.
Barcelona has 1 archer. Girona has 2 archer.
We can move them to Tarragona or Huesca or Toledo.
Let's look at the road network:
Barcelona [22] is connected to Tarragona [21] and Girona [23].
Girona [23] is connected to Huesca [20] and Barcelona [22].
So we can move troops from Barcelona to Tarragona (1 turn), or Girona to Huesca (1 turn).
Let's move the 1 archer from Barcelona to Tarragona.
Let's move the 2 archers from Girona to Huesca.
Wait, Girona to Huesca is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turn.
Let's build troops!
We have resources:
Barcelona: wood 100, iron 110. Can build knights (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 3 knights. Or archers (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 5 archers, 10 spearmen (15 wood).
Tarragona: wood 110, iron 60. Can build archers (20 wood, 10 iron) -> 3 archers (60 wood, 30 iron). Or knights (30 wood, 30 iron) -> 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron).
Girona: wood 110, iron 60. Can build archers or knights.
Castellon: wood 100, iron 110. Can build knights (3) or archers (5).
Huesca: wood 110, iron 60. Can build archers (3) or knights (2).
Toledo: wood 100, iron 170. Can build knights (3 -> 90 wood, 90 iron) or archers (5 -> 100 wood, 50 iron) or spearmen (6 -> 90 wood).

Let's build archers and knights to increase our army.
Toledo has a lot of iron (170). Let's build knights there. 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron). Or 5 archers (100 wood, 50 iron). Let's build 3 knights and some archers.
Wait, cap per village is 300 troops. We have plenty of space.
Let's build:
Toledo: 3 knights (cost 90 wood, 90 iron). Remaining: wood 10, iron 80. Can we build archers? 20 wood, 10 iron. We have 10 wood, so no. Can we build spearmen? 15 wood, 0 iron. We have 10 wood, so no. So just 3 knights.
Tarragona: wood 110, iron 60. Let's build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Remaining wood 50, iron 0. Can build 3 archers? No iron. Can build spearmen? 15 wood. 3 spearmen (45 wood). Let's build 3 spearmen (45 wood) and 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron). Total wood 105, iron 60.
Huesca: wood 110, iron 60. Let's build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and 3 spearmen (45 wood). Total wood 105, iron 60.
Castellon: wood 100, iron 110. Let's build 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron). Remaining wood 10, iron 20. Can build 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron) - wait, we have 10 wood, so no. Can build spearmen? 15 wood, no. So just 3 knights.
Barcelona: wood 100, iron 110. Let's build 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron). Remaining wood 10, iron 20.
Girona: wood 110, iron 60. Let's build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and 3 spearmen (45 wood). Total wood 105, iron 60.

Let's review the builds:
- Barcelona [22]: 3 knights (cost 90 wood, 90 iron).
- Tarragona [21]: 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron), 3 spearmen (45 wood). Total 105 wood, 60 iron.
- Girona [23]: 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron), 3 spearmen (45 wood). Total 105 wood, 60 iron.
- Castellon [18]: 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron).
- Huesca [20]: 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron), 3 spearmen (45 wood). Total 105 wood, 60 iron.
- Toledo [8]: 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron).

Let's check if we have enough resources:
Barcelona: wood 100, iron 110. 3 knights -> wood 90, iron 90. OK.
Tarragona: wood 110, iron 60. 2 knights + 3 spearmen -> wood 60+45=105, iron 60. OK.
Girona: wood 110, iron 60. 2 knights + 3 spearmen -> wood 105, iron 60. OK.
Castellon: wood 100, iron 110. 3 knights -> wood 90, iron 90. OK.
Huesca: wood 110, iron 60. 2 knights + 3 spearmen -> wood 105, iron 60. OK.
Toledo: wood 100, iron 170. 3 knights -> wood 90, iron 90. OK.

Now, movements:
We want to gather troops to attack.
Where is the weakest enemy?
[19] Pamplona: def 15, 6 spearman.
[16] Valencia: def 25, 9 spearman, 1 archer.
[13] Teruel: def 33, 11 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight.
[12] Madrid: def 55, 19 spearman, 3 archers.
[17] Zaragoza: def 73, 29 spearman.
[11] Cordoba: def 63, 24 spearman, 1 archer.
[4] Badajoz: def 120, 38 spearman, 10 archers.

Pamplona [19] is the weakest. It is connected to Huesca [20] and Burgos [14].
Huesca has 5 troops (2 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight). If we send them, we lose.
But we can reinforce Huesca from Girona and Barcelona.
Girona has 2 archers. Barcelona has 1 archer.
Let's move Girona's 2 archers to Huesca.
Let's move Barcelona's 1 archer to Tarragona, then maybe to Huesca? No, Tarragona is far from Huesca. Barcelona to Huesca is via Girona.
Road network:
Barcelona [22] -> Girona [23] -> Huesca [20].
So we can move Barcelona's troops to Girona, then to Huesca, but that takes 2 turns.
We can move Girona's 2 archers to Huesca directly (1 turn).
Let's move Girona's 2 archers to Huesca [20].
Let's move Barcelona's 1 archer to Tarragona [21] to reinforce the front there.
Wait, Tarragona faces Zaragoza [17] which is very strong (def 73).
Toledo faces Cordoba [11] (def 63), Madrid [12] (def 55), Teruel [13] (def 33), Badajoz [4] (def 120).
Teruel [13] is relatively weak (def 33). It is connected to Toledo [8], Castellon [18], Valencia [16], Zaragoza [17].
We can attack Teruel from Toledo or Castellon.
Toledo has 17 troops. Castellon has 1.
If we move troops from Castellon to Teruel? Castellon is connected to Teruel [13], Valencia [16], Tarragona [21].
Wait, Castellon [18] is connected to [13], [16], [21].
So we can move troops from Tarragona to Castellon, then to Teruel? That's 2 turns.
Or we can move troops from Toledo to attack Teruel directly (1 turn).
Let's see if we can gather a strong army at Toledo.
Toledo has 12 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight.
We can move troops from Barcelona to Toledo? No direct road. Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Castellon -> Teruel -> Toledo? That's long.
Barcelona -> Girona -> Huesca -> Zaragoza -> Madrid -> Toledo? Long.
Actually, Toledo is quite isolated on the west side.
Roads from Toledo [8]: [4], [11], [12], [13].
So Toledo can only be reached from [4], [11], [12], [13]. All of these are enemy!
Wait, Toledo is our village, but it's surrounded by enemies.
How did we get troops to Toledo? We must have built them there.
So we can only build at Toledo, we cannot reinforce it from other villages because all roads go through enemy villages!
Ah! "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination. You cannot march past an enemy or neutral village to hit one behind it. The same rule protects your INTERIOR villages (no enemy neighbour): every road into one of them passes through another of your villages, where an enemy army stops and fights."
Wait, if Toledo is surrounded by enemies, can we send troops from Toledo to other villages? Yes, we can attack out.
But can we send troops to Toledo? No, because all roads from our other villages to Toledo go through enemy villages.
Let's check the roads from our villages to Toledo [8]:
Our villages: Barcelona [22], Tarragona [21], Girona [23], Castellon [18], Huesca [20], Toledo [8].
Roads from Tarragona [21]: [17], [18], [22].
Roads from Castellon [18]: [13], [16], [21].
Roads from Huesca [20]: [17], [19], [23].
Roads from Girona [23]: [20], [22].
Roads from Barcelona [22]: [21], [23].
So to get to Toledo [8], we must go through [13] (from Castellon) or [11], [12], [4] (from elsewhere). All of these are enemy.
So Toledo is a "pocket" or a front line village that is isolated. We cannot reinforce it. We can only build there and attack out.
Same for Castellon [18]: roads are [13], [16], [21]. [21] is ours. So we can reinforce Castellon from Tarragona [21]!
Tarragona [21] -> Castellon [18] is a road.
Let's check: [21] Tarragona is connected to [17], [18], [22].
Yes! [21] to [18] is a road. So we can move troops from Tarragona to Castellon.
And from Castellon [18] we can attack [13] Teruel or [16] Valencia.
So the route is: Barcelona/Girona -> Tarragona -> Castellon -> Teruel/Valencia.
Let's check if we can move troops from Barcelona to Tarragona: [22] to [21] is a road. Yes.
Girona to Huesca: [23] to [20] is a road. Yes.
Huesca to Zaragoza: [20] to [17] is a road (enemy).
So our connected component of own villages is:
Barcelona [22] - Tarragona [21] - Castellon [18]
Girona [23] - Huesca [20]
And Toledo [8] is isolated (cannot be reinforced).
Wait, are Tarragona and Huesca connected?
Tarragona [21] -> [17] Zaragoza -> [20] Huesca. But [17] is enemy. So no direct own-village road.
So we have two groups:
Group 1: Barcelona [22], Tarragona [21], Castellon [18].
Group 2: Girona [23], Huesca [20].
Group 3: Toledo [8] (isolated).

Let's verify this.
Group 1: Barcelona [22] connected to Tarragona [21] and Girona [23]? No, [22] is connected to [21] and [23].
Wait, [22] Barcelona is connected to [21] Tarragona and [23] Girona.
So Barcelona connects Group 1 and Group 2!
Let's look at the road network again:
[22] Barcelona: [21], [23].
[23] Girona: [20], [22].
So the chain is: Castellon [18] - Tarragona [21] - Barcelona [22] - Girona [23] - Huesca [20].
This is a single connected chain of our villages!
Let's trace it:
Castellon [18] <-> Tarragona [21] <-> Barcelona [22] <-> Girona [23] <-> Huesca [20].
Yes! All of them are connected to each other through our own villages.
So we can move troops along this chain:
Castellon <-> Tarragona <-> Barcelona <-> Girona <-> Huesca.
And from these, we can attack:
- From Castellon [18]: [13] Teruel, [16] Valencia.
- From Tarragona [21]: [17] Zaragoza.
- From Huesca [20]: [17] Zaragoza, [19] Pamplona.
- From Barcelona [22]: none directly (only to Tarragona and Girona).
- From Girona [23]: none directly (only to Barcelona and Huesca).

Toledo [8] is isolated: roads are [4], [11], [12], [13]. All enemy. So we cannot send troops to Toledo, only build there and attack out.

So our main army can be moved along the chain: Castellon - Tarragona - Barcelona - Girona - Huesca.
We want to attack [16] Valencia or [13] Teruel or [19] Pamplona.
Let's look at the distances:
From Tarragona [21] to Castellon [18]: 1 turn.
From Barcelona [22] to Tarragona [21]: 1 turn.
From Girona [23] to Huesca [20]: 1 turn.
From Barcelona [22] to Girona [23]: 1 turn.

Let's plan the troop movements to concentrate on one target.
Target: [16] Valencia (def 25, 9 spearman, 1 archer).
Or [19] Pamplona (def 15, 6 spearman).
Or [13] Teruel (def 33, 11 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight).
Pamplona is the weakest. Let's target Pamplona [19] from Huesca [20].
Huesca currently has 5 troops (2 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight).
We can move troops from Girona [23] to Huesca [20].
Girona has 2 archers. Let's move them to Huesca.
We can also move troops from Barcelona [22] to Girona [23], then to Huesca? That takes 2 turns.
But we can move Barcelona's 1 archer to Tarragona, or we can just build more troops in Huesca and Girona.
Let's build troops in Huesca and Girona, and move Girona's troops to Huesca.
If we move Girona's 2 archers to Huesca, Huesca will have 2 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight.
Attack: 2*1 + 3*2 + 2*4 = 2 + 6 + 8 = 16.
Enemy Pamplona def: 15.
Our attack 16 > 15. We win!
Let's check the counter:
Our troops: 2 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight. Most numerous: archer (3).
Enemy troops: 6 spearman. Most numerous: spearman.
Archer counters spearman! So we get 1.5x bonus to our whole army's force.
Wait, "Having the counter multiplies your WHOLE army's force by 1.5".
So our effective attack becomes 16 * 1.5 = 24.
Enemy defense is 15.
We win easily.
Let's check the losses: "The WINNER loses troops worth HALF of the loser's effective force, spread over its troop types: that amount does not depend on the winner's size, so a bigger winning army loses a smaller share of itself."
Loser is Pamplona (def 15, 6 spearman). Effective force = 15.
Half of 15 is 7.5.
Our effective force is 24. We lose troops worth 7.5.
Since we have 2 spearman (2), 3 archer (6), 2 knight (8). Total 16.
We will lose some troops, but we will conquer Pamplona!
Let's do this.
Move Girona's 2 archers to Huesca [20].
Wait, can we move more troops to Huesca?
Barcelona has 1 archer. If we move it to Girona, it arrives next turn. Then we can move it to Huesca the turn after.
But for this turn, we can only move Girona's 2 archers to Huesca.
Let's also build troops in Huesca to make it even stronger.
Huesca has wood 110, iron 60.
Let's build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and 3 spearmen (45 wood).
Wait, if we build them, they will be ready next turn.
But we are attacking this turn? No, movements are simultaneous. If we order the attack from Huesca to Pamplona this turn, the troops we build this turn won't be there until next turn (builds take 1 turn).
"ready in 1 turn" means they are ready at the end of the turn, so they can march next turn.
So if we order an attack this turn, we can only use the troops currently at Huesca (2 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight) plus any reinforcements arriving this turn (Girona's 2 archers).
So the attacking force will be 2 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight. Attack = 16. With counter (archer vs spearman) = 24. Def 15. We win.
Let's order the attack from Huesca [20] to Pamplona [19] with all available troops: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight.
Wait, can we send more from elsewhere?
Tarragona has 10 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. Can we send them to Huesca?
Tarragona -> Barcelona -> Girona -> Huesca. That's 3 turns. Too slow.
Tarragona -> Castellon -> Teruel -> Zaragoza -> Huesca? Enemy villages, cannot pass.
So we cannot send Tarragona's troops to Huesca quickly.
What about Toledo? Toledo is isolated.
So we just attack with Huesca's troops + Girona's reinforcements.

Let's check if we should also attack Valencia [16] from Castellon [18].
Castellon has 1 archer. Not enough.
Can we send troops from Tarragona to Castellon? Yes, 1 turn.
Tarragona has 10 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight.
If we send them to Castellon, they arrive next turn.
Then from Castellon we can attack Valencia [16] or Teruel [13] next turn.
Let's send Tarragona's troops to Castellon to prepare for next turn.
Wait, if we send Tarragona's troops to Castellon, Tarragona will be empty. That's fine, it's just a village.
But we need to build troops in Tarragona anyway.
Let's build troops in all our villages to grow our army.
Let's list the builds again, making sure we don't exceed resource limits and cap (300).
Current troops at home:
Barcelona: 1
Tarragona: 14
Girona: 2
Castellon: 1
Huesca: 5
Toledo: 17
Total: 40. Cap is 300 per village. We are well below.

Let's decide on builds:
- Barcelona [22]: wood 100, iron 110. Build 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron).
- Tarragona [21]: wood 110, iron 60. Build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and 3 spearmen (45 wood). Total 105 wood, 60 iron.
- Girona [23]: wood 110, iron 60. Build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and 3 spearmen (45 wood). Total 105 wood, 60 iron.
- Castellon [18]: wood 100, iron 110. Build 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron).
- Huesca [20]: wood 110, iron 60. Build 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron) and 3 spearmen (45 wood). Total 105 wood, 60 iron.
- Toledo [8]: wood 100, iron 170. Build 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron) and 1 archer (20 wood, 10 iron)? Wait, 3 knights = 90 wood, 90 iron. Remaining wood 10, iron 80. Can we build spearmen? 15 wood, no. So just 3 knights. Or 5 archers (100 wood, 50 iron). Let's do 5 archers to get more attack power. Archers cost 20 wood, 10 iron. 5 archers = 100 wood, 50 iron. We have wood 100, iron 170. Yes, 5 archers is better for attack than 3 knights (10 atk vs 12 atk, but archers are cheaper and we have iron). Actually, knights have 4 attack, archers 2. 5 archers = 10 attack. 3 knights = 12 attack. Knights are better for attack, but archers are more numerous (better for counter). Let's build 5 archers in Toledo.

Let's refine builds:
- Barcelona [22]: 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron).
- Tarragona [21]: 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron), 3 spearmen (45 wood).
- Girona [23]: 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron), 3 spearmen (45 wood).
- Castellon [18]: 3 knights (90 wood, 90 iron).
- Huesca [20]: 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron), 3 spearmen (45 wood).
- Toledo [8]: 5 archers (100 wood, 50 iron).

Let's check movements:
1. Move Girona's 2 archers to Huesca [20].
   Girona has 2 archers. Send 2 archers to Huesca.
2. Move Barcelona's 1 archer to Tarragona [21].
   Barcelona has 1 archer. Send 1 archer to Tarragona.
   Wait, why Tarragona? To reinforce the front there. Tarragona faces Zaragoza. Or we can send it to Castellon via Tarragona? That takes 2 turns.
   Let's just send it to Tarragona.
3. Attack Pamplona [19] from Huesca [20].
   Huesca has 2 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight.
   Send all of them to Pamplona [19].
   Wait, if we send all of them, Huesca will be empty. That's fine, we just conquered Pamplona, and we can rebuild there or move troops there next turn.
   But wait, if we send all troops from Huesca, and the attack succeeds, the surviving attackers stay there as the new garrison.
   Let's check if we should keep some in Huesca. No, we want to conquer Pamplona.
   Let's send 2 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight from Huesca to Pamplona [19].
   Wait, what about the 2 archers from Girona? They will arrive at Huesca this turn.
   Can we include them in the attack? No, because they are marching from Girona to Huesca. They arrive at Huesca, they don't pass through to Pamplona.
   "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
   So if we send 2 archers from Girona to Huesca, they arrive at Huesca and join the garrison. They do not automatically march to Pamplona.
   So the attack on Pamplona will only have the troops starting at Huesca (2 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight).
   Let's calculate the combat again:
   Attacker: 2 spearman (2 atk), 1 archer (2 atk), 2 knight (8 atk). Total 12 attack.
   Wait, earlier I calculated 16 attack because I added the 2 archers from Girona. But they are not in Huesca at the start of the turn, they are marching.
   So the attack force is 12.
   Enemy Pamplona: 6 spearman, def 15.
   Our most numerous: spearman (2), knight (2). Tie breaks to spearman.
   Enemy most numerous: spearman (6).
   No counter (spearman vs spearman).
   Attack 12 vs Def 15. Defender wins!
   Ah! We need the 2 archers from Girona to be in Huesca BEFORE the attack.
   But since orders are simultaneous, we cannot do that in one turn.
   We can move Girona's 2 archers to Huesca this turn. They arrive at the end of the turn.
   Then next turn, we attack Pamplona with the combined force.
   So this turn, we just move Girona's 2 archers to Huesca, and maybe build troops in Huesca.
   Can we attack Pamplona this turn with just 12 attack? No, we lose.
   So we should NOT attack this turn. We should prepare for next turn.
   Let's move Girona's 2 archers to Huesca.
   Let's move Barcelona's 1 archer to Tarragona.
   Let's build troops in Huesca (2 knights, 3 spearmen) so they are ready next turn.
   Then next turn, Huesca will have:
   Original: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight.
   Reinforcements from Girona: 2 archers.
   New builds: 2 knights, 3 spearmen.
   Total next turn: 5 spearman, 3 archer, 4 knight.
   Attack: 5*1 + 3*2 + 4*4 = 5 + 6 + 16 = 27.
   Most numerous: spearman (5). Enemy: spearman (6). No counter.
   Attack 27 vs Def 15. We win easily.
   So this turn, we just move and build.

Let's check if we can attack somewhere else this turn.
What about Castellon [18] attacking Valencia [16]?
Castellon has 1 archer. Attack 2. Def 25. Loss.
What about Tarragona [21] attacking Zaragoza [17]?
Tarragona has 10 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. Attack: 10 + 4 + 8 = 22. Def 73. Loss.
What about Toledo [8] attacking Teruel [13]?
Toledo has 12 spearman, 2 archer, 3 knight. Attack: 12 + 4 + 12 = 28. Def 33. Loss.
What about Toledo attacking Madrid [12]? Def 55. Loss.
What about Toledo attacking Cordoba [11]? Def 63. Loss.
So we cannot win any attack this turn. We must prepare.

Let's plan the movements for this turn:
- Move 2 archers from Girona [23] to Huesca [20].
- Move 1 archer from Barcelona [22] to Tarragona [21].
- Move some troops from Tarragona [21] to Castellon [18] to prepare for attacking Valencia [16] or Teruel [13] next turn.
  Tarragona has 10 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight.
  Let's send 5 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight to Castellon [18].
  Wait, if we send them, Tarragona will have 5 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight left.
  Castellon will have 1 archer (original) + 5 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight = 6 spearman, 2 archer, 1 knight.
  Attack from Castellon to Valencia [16] (def 25, 9 spearman, 1 archer):
  Our attack: 6*1 + 2*2 + 1*4 = 6 + 4 + 4 = 14. Def 25. Still loss.
  What if we send all Tarragona's troops to Castellon?
  Tarragona: 10 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight.
  Castellon: 1 archer.
  Total at Castellon: 10 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight.
  Attack: 10 + 6 + 8 = 24. Def 25. Still loss, but very close.
  If we get counter: most numerous spearman (10). Enemy most numerous spearman (9). No counter.
  So 24 vs 25, defender wins.
  We need more troops.
  Can we move troops from Barcelona to Tarragona, then to Castellon? That takes 2 turns.
  Let's just move Barcelona's 1 archer to Tarragona this turn. Next turn it can go to Castellon.
  Let's move Tarragona's 10 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight to Castellon this turn.
  Wait, if we move all of them, Tarragona is empty. But we are building there anyway.
  Let's send all Tarragona's troops to Castellon [18].
  Tarragona has 10 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight.
  Castellon will have 11 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight.
  Attack on Valencia [16]: 11 + 6 + 8 = 25. Def 25. Tie favors defender. We lose or tie? "A tie favors the DEFENDER." So we lose.
  We need more.
  What if we attack Teruel [13] (def 33, 11 spearman, 1 archer, 1 knight)?
  Attack 25 vs 33. Loss.
  So we need to build more in Castellon or Tarragona.
  Let's build 3 knights in Castellon this turn. They will be ready next turn.
  So next turn, Castellon will have 11 spearman, 3 archer, 2 knight + 3 knights = 11 spearman, 3 archer, 5 knight.
  Attack: 11 + 6 + 20 = 37.
  Most numerous: spearman (11). Enemy Valencia: spearman (9). No counter.
  37 vs 25. We win!
  So the plan is:
  This turn:
  - Move Tarragona's 10 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight to Castellon [18].
  - Move Girona's 2 archers to Huesca [20].
  - Move Barcelona's 1 archer to Tarragona [21].
  - Build in Castellon: 3 knights.
  - Build in Tarragona: 2 knights, 3 spearmen.
  - Build in Huesca: 2 knights, 3 spearmen.
  - Build in Girona: 2 knights, 3 spearmen.
  - Build in Barcelona: 3 knights.
  - Build in Toledo: 5 archers.

Let's double check the resources for builds:
- Barcelona [22]: wood 100, iron 110. 3 knights -> 90 wood, 90 iron. OK.
- Tarragona [21]: wood 110, iron 60. 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron), 3 spearmen (45 wood). Total 105 wood, 60 iron. OK.
- Girona [23]: wood 110, iron 60. 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron), 3 spearmen (45 wood). Total 105 wood, 60 iron. OK.
- Castellon [18]: wood 100, iron 110. 3 knights -> 90 wood, 90 iron. OK.
- Huesca [20]: wood 110, iron 60. 2 knights (60 wood, 60 iron), 3 spearmen (45 wood). Total 105 wood, 60 iron. OK.
- Toledo [8]: wood 100, iron 170. 5 archers -> 100 wood, 50 iron. OK.

Let's check the movements again.
Can we move Tarragona's troops to Castellon?
Road: [21] Tarragona to [18] Castellon. Yes, direct road.
Troops at Tarragona: 10 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight.
Send all of them to Castellon [18].
Troops at Girona: 2 archer. Send to Huesca [20].
Troops at Barcelona: 1 archer. Send to Tarragona [21].

Wait, what about the enemy movements?
"enemy army marching toward [13] Teruel - THEIR OWN village (a reinforcement) - arrives in 1 turn"
This doesn't affect us directly unless they change plans.

Let's write down the JSON.
Builds:
- Barcelona: 3 knights
- Tarragona: 2 knights, 3 spearmen
- Girona: 2 knights, 3 spearmen
- Castellon: 3 knights
- Huesca: 2 knights, 3 spearmen
- Toledo: 5 archers

Movements:
- From Tarragona [21] to Castellon [18]: 10 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight.
- From Girona [23] to Huesca [20]: 2 archers.
- From Barcelona [22] to Tarragona [21]: 1 archer.

Let's check if we can send troops to attack this turn.
We decided not to attack this turn because we don't have enough force.
Wait, can we attack Pamplona with Huesca's current troops + Girona's reinforcements?
No, because Girona's reinforcements arrive at Huesca, they don't fight with Huesca's troops on the march to Pamplona.
"Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time."
So if we send Huesca's troops to Pamplona, and Girona's troops to Pamplona, they fight separately.
Huesca's troops: 2 spearman, 1 archer, 2 knight. Attack 12 vs Def 15. Loss.
Girona's troops: 2 archers. Attack 4 vs Def 15. Loss.
So we cannot attack Pamplona this turn.
What if we send Girona's 2 archers to Huesca, and then from Huesca to Pamplona? That takes 2 turns.
So we just move them to Huesca this turn.

Let's check if there is any other attack we can do.
What about neutral villages?
Are there any neutral villages we can see?
"UNEXPLORED (8) - never seen; find them on the ROAD NETWORK below"
We don't see any neutral villages. They are unexplored.
We can only attack enemy villages we see.

So movements are just reinforcements:
- Tarragona to Castellon
- Girona to Huesca
- Barcelona to Tarragona

Let's write the plan:
"Concentrate forces on the southern front (Castellon) to capture Valencia, and the northern front (Huesca) to capture Pamplona. Move troops from Tarragona to Castellon, and Girona to Huesca. Build knights and spearmen in all villages to grow the army. Next turn, attack Valencia from Castellon and Pamplona from Huesca."

Let's write the statement:
"We are reinforcing our fronts. Tarragona's troops march to Castellon to prepare for the assault on Valencia, while Girona's archers head to Huesca to bolster the attack on Pamplona. Our builders are working overtime, producing knights and spearmen across the realm to swell our ranks."

Let's double check the JSON format.
{
  "build": [
    {"villageId": 22, "type": "knight", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 21, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 23, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 18, "type": "knight", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "knight", "quantity": 2},
    {"villageId": 20, "type": "spearman", "quantity": 3},
    {"villageId": 8, "type": "archer", "quantity": 5}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId": 21, "toId": 18, "troops": {"spearman": 10, "archer": 2, "knight": 2}},
    {"fromId": 23, "toId": 20, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 2, "knight": 0}},
    {"fromId": 22, "toId": 21, "troops": {"spearman": 0, "archer": 1, "knight": 0}}
  ],
  "plan": "Concentrate forces on the southern front (Castellon) to capture Valencia, and the northern front (Huesca) to capture Pamplona. Move troops from Tarragona to Castellon, and Girona to Huesca. Build knights and spearmen in all villages to grow the army. Next turn, attack Valencia from Castellon and Pamplona from Huesca.",
  "statement": "We are reinforcing our fronts. Tarragona's troops march to Castellon to prepare for the assault on Valencia, while Girona's archers head to Huesca to bolster the attack on Pamplona. Our builders are working overtime, producing knights and spearmen across the realm to swell our ranks."
}

Let's verify the troop counts available to send:
Tarragona: 10 spearman, 2 archer, 2 knight. Sending all. OK.
Girona: 2 archer. Sending all. OK.
Barcelona: 1 archer. Sending all. OK.

Let's verify the builds:
Barcelona: 3 knights. Wood 100 -> 10, iron 110 -> 20. OK.
Tarragona: 2 knights, 3 spearmen. Wood 110 -> 110 - 60 - 45 = 5. Iron 60 -> 60 - 60 = 0. OK.
Girona: 2 knights, 3 spearmen. Wood 110 -> 5. Iron 60 -> 0. OK.
Castellon: 3 knights. Wood 100 -> 10. Iron 110 -> 20. OK.
Huesca: 2 knights, 3 spearmen. Wood 110 -> 5. Iron 60 -> 0. OK.
Toledo: 5 archers. Wood 100 -> 0. Iron 170 -> 120. OK.

Everything looks correct and within limits.
The JSON is valid.
I will output only the JSON.
ordem.construir: [{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":22,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":21,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":23,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":18,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"cavaleiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":20,"tipo":"lanceiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"arqueiro"},{"aldeiaId":8,"tipo":"arqueiro"}]
ordem.envios   : [{"origemId":21,"destinoId":18,"tropas":{"lanceiro":10,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":2}},{"origemId":23,"destinoId":20,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":2,"cavaleiro":0}},{"origemId":22,"destinoId":21,"tropas":{"lanceiro":0,"arqueiro":1,"cavaleiro":0}}]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [22]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [21]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [21]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [23]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [18]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [18]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [18]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [20]
ACEITO construir cavaleiro em [20]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [20]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [20]
ACEITO construir lanceiro em [20]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [8]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [8]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [8]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [8]
ACEITO construir arqueiro em [8]
ACEITO envio [21]->[18]: 10S+2A+2K
ACEITO envio [23]->[20]: 2A
ACEITO envio [22]->[21]: 1A
plano (volta no proximo prompt): Concentrate forces on the southern front (Castellon) to capture Valencia, and the northern front (Huesca) to capture Pamplona. Move troops from Tarragona to Castellon, and Girona to Huesca. Build knights and spearmen in all villages to grow the army. Next turn, attack Valencia from Castellon and Pamplona from Huesca.
depoimento (so tela/narracao): We are reinforcing our fronts. Tarragona's troops march to Castellon to prepare for the assault on Valencia, while Girona's archers head to Huesca to bolster the attack on Pamplona. Our builders are working overtime, producing knights and spearmen across the realm to swell our ranks.
REFORCO [13] Teruel dono A: 4S+1K
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono A: 10S
REFORCO [4] Badajoz dono A: 10S
REFORCO [12] Madrid dono A: 10S
REFORCO [17] Zaragoza dono A: 15S
REFORCO [16] Valencia dono A: 2S
REFORCO [19] Pamplona dono A: 2S
REFORCO [11] Cordoba dono A: 10S
placar: A 18 ald/tropas 342 | B 6 ald/tropas 23 | neutras 0 | transito 7 (A 4 | B 3)

=== FIM === turno 27 | resultado: A | A 18 ald | B 6 ald | neutras 0

================== RESUMO ==================
Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free): 84 envios, 555 tropas, tamanho medio 6.61
Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free): 74 envios, 343 tropas, tamanho medio 4.64
============================================

============== TOKENS DE CONTEXTO (prompt/input por turno) ==============
Rei A (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free): turnos validos 27 | media 3694 tok | min 2313 | max 4783
  crescimento: 1o turno 2412 -> ultimo 4783 tok | 1o terco media 2907 -> ultimo terco media 4481 (54%)
  serie (turno:prompt): 1:2412  2:2313  3:2644  4:2789  5:3005  6:3274  7:3297  8:3407  9:3023  10:3710  11:3138  12:2974  13:3720  14:4154  15:4339  16:3564  17:4036  18:3599  19:4252  20:4504  21:4533  22:4635  23:3680  24:4463  25:4739  26:4743  27:4783
Rei B (openrouter:dots-studio/dots-3-note-preview:free): turnos validos 27 | media 3723 tok | min 2404 | max 4705
  crescimento: 1o turno 2404 -> ultimo 4352 tok | 1o terco media 3008 -> ultimo terco media 4211 (40%)
  serie (turno:prompt): 1:2404  2:2404  3:2414  4:2766  5:3245  6:2902  7:3226  8:3764  9:3947  10:3481  11:3261  12:3890  13:4509  14:4014  15:4396  16:3974  17:4268  18:3754  19:4155  20:3903  21:4376  22:4503  23:4705  24:4521  25:3839  26:3544  27:4352
========================================================================