We need to decide orders for turn 11 (current turn). We have resources per village: each village produces 30 wood and 20 iron per turn. We need to consider current resources (wood, iron) shown for each village. Also we have troops at home and marching.

We need to build troops (spearman, archer, knight) in villages that can afford now. Also we can send troops from villages to other villages (attack or reinforce). We must consider that we cannot send more than available to send now (the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" numbers). Also we have troops already marching out (not available). Those are not available to send this turn.

We need to aim to hold at least 18 of 24 villages for 2 consecutive turns, or eliminate all enemy villages. Currently we hold 7 villages. We see enemy villages: Teruel (13), Madrid (12), Burgos (14) (conquered last turn? Actually last turn King A attacked Burgos: VICTORY, conquered. So Burgos is now enemy? Wait "King A attacked [14] Burgos: VICTORY, conquered" means King A conquered Burgos (enemy capital? Actually Burgos is enemy village originally? The list shows Burgos as ENEMY (King A). So it was already enemy? Actually earlier Burgos was enemy? The list shows Burgos as ENEMY (King A). So King A attacked Burgos and conquered it (maybe it was neutral? but it's listed as enemy). Anyway, we still have 7 villages.

We need to expand. We see neutral Valencia (16) with garrison 4 spearmen. We can attack it from Castellon (18) or Zaragoza (17) etc. Also we see enemy Teruel (13) with garrison 3 spear, 4 arch, 2 knights. We could attack that.

We need to consider building up forces at border villages to launch attacks.

We have available to send now at each village:

- Barcelona (22): 3 spear, 1 archer, 0 knight. Already marching out: 12 spear, 2 archer, 2 knight (to Castellon arriving in 1 turn). So we cannot send more from Barcelona now besides those 3/1/0.

- Tarragona (21): 9 spear, 0 archer, 0 knight. No marching out listed.

- Girona (23): 9 spear, 0 archer, 0 knight. Already marching out: 2 spear, 2 archer, 2 knight (to Castellon arriving in 1 turn).

- Castellon (18): 15 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight. No marching out listed? Actually not listed; only available to send now.

- Zaragoza (17): 11 spear, 9 archer, 1 knight.

- Huesca (20): 4 spear, 0 archer, 0 knight.

- Pamplona (19): 8 spear, 0 archer, 0 knight.

We also have resources to build more troops.

We need to consider that each village has a cap of 300 troops at home; currently far below.

We need to decide builds: likely spearmen are cheapest (15 wood, 0 iron). We have wood and iron resources.

Let's check each village's wood and iron:

- Barcelona: wood 30, iron 130. Can build spearmen (cost 15 wood). Could build many.

- Tarragona: wood 35, iron 130.

- Girona: wood 35, iron 130.

- Castellon: wood 35, iron 140.

- Zaragoza: wood 35, iron 140.

- Huesca: wood 40, iron 90.

- Pamplona: wood 40, iron 110.

We also have marching troops arriving next turn: from Barcelona and Girona to Castellon (arrive in 1 turn). Those will add to Castellon's garrison after movement resolves (i.e., at end of turn? Actually movement takes turns; they arrive in 1 turn, meaning they will be at destination at start of next turn? Usually they arrive after the specified number of turns. So they will be available next turn.

We also have enemy army marching toward Valencia (neutral) arriving in 1 turn. That is an enemy army (unknown composition) moving to Valencia.

We need to consider that we might want to attack Valencia before enemy arrives, or reinforce it.

We also need to consider that we cannot march past an enemy or neutral village to hit one behind it. So to attack Teruel (13) from Castellon (18) we need to go through Valencia (16) which is neutral. Since we cannot march past an enemy or neutral village to hit one behind it, we cannot go from Castellon to Teruel via Valencia if Valencia is neutral (or enemy). Actually rule: "An army STOPS at the first village on its path that is not yours and fights there, even if you ordered a more distant destination. You cannot march past an enemy or neutral village to hit one behind it." So if we order from Castellon to Teruel, the path is Castellon -> Valencia -> Teruel (since road network: Castellon [18] connects to [13] Teruel and [16] Valencia and [21] Tarragona. Actually check: Castellon connections: [13], [16], [21]. So to go to Teruel, you could go directly Castellon -> Teruel (since they are directly connected). Yes, road network shows Castellon connected to Teruel directly. So we can attack Teruel directly without passing through Valencia. Good.

Similarly, Zaragoza to Madrid: Zaragoza [17] connects to [12] Madrid directly. So we can attack Madrid directly.

Zaragoza to Teruel: Zaragoza connects to Teruel directly as well ([13]).

Pamplona to Burgos: Pamplona [19] connects to Burgos [14] directly.

Thus we have direct routes.

Now we need to decide what to do this turn.

We have 7 villages. We need to get to 18 villages held for 2 turns. That's a lot; we need to capture many neutral/enemy villages quickly. Perhaps we should focus on capturing neutral Valencia (16) first, then use it as a base to attack enemy Teruel (13) or others.

But we have limited troops. However we can accumulate forces at border villages and launch a strong attack.

We have available to send now at Castellon: 15 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight. That's a decent force. At Zaragoza: 11 spear, 9 archer, 1 knight.

We could combine forces from multiple villages to attack same target? However rule: "Troops sent from DIFFERENT villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time." So we cannot combine; each attack is separate. So we need to send a strong enough force from a single village to win.

Thus we should pick one village to launch an attack with its available troops (maybe plus builds this turn) to capture a neutral or enemy village.

We also have marching troops arriving next turn that will add to Castellon's garrison, making it stronger for next turn.

Thus maybe we should build up forces at Castellon and Zaragoza, then next turn attack Valencia (neutral) from Castellon with a strong force.

But we also have enemy army marching to Valencia arriving in 1 turn. If we attack Valencia this turn, we might beat the enemy army? Actually the enemy army is marching toward Valencia, arriving in 1 turn. That means they will arrive at Valencia next turn (same time as our marching troops from Barcelona/Girona?). If we attack Valencia this turn, we will fight the current garrison (4 spearmen). If we win, we capture Valencia. Then next turn, the enemy army arriving will find Valencia now ours (if we hold it). Then they will attack our village (since they march to Valencia). That would be a battle where they attack our village (we defend). That could be good if we have enough defense.

Alternatively, we could let them arrive and fight them in open field? Actually they are marching to Valencia; if Valencia is neutral, they will fight the neutral garrison? Actually they are enemy army marching toward Valencia; if Valencia is neutral, they will attack it (since it's not theirs). They will fight the neutral garrison (4 spearmen). If they win, they will conquer Valencia. If we attack Valencia this turn and capture it, then next turn the enemy army will arrive at a village we own, leading to a battle where we defend.

Thus we might want to capture Valencia before enemy arrives.

Let's compute the strength needed to defeat Valencia's garrison (4 spearmen). Garrison: 4 spearmen. Effective defense includes location bonus (neutral village? It's neutral, so defense counts x1.25? Actually defense bonus applies when defending in a village: defense counts x1.25 in a village and x1.5 in a castle (capital). So for neutral village, defense gets x1.25. The report shows effective defense (location bonus included): 10 for Valencia. Let's verify: base defense of spearman is 2 each. 4 spearmen => base defense 8. Multiply by 1.25 => 10. So matches.

Thus to win, our effective attack must exceed 10. Attack values: spearman attack 1, archer 2, knight 4. Counter triangle may apply.

We need to compute our effective attack from a given force, considering counter bonus if we have the counter to defender's most numerous type.

Defender's garrison: 4 spearmen (most numerous type: spearman). So if we have a force where the most numerous type is archer (since archer counters spearman), we get 1.5x multiplier on our force. If we have spearman most numerous, no bonus (spearman does not counter spearman). If knight most numerous, knight does not counter spearman (knight counters archer). So best is to have archer as most numerous.

Thus we should send a force with more archers than other types to get counter bonus.

Available to send now at Castellon: 15 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight. Most numerous is spear (15). No counter bonus. Attack = 15*1 + 4*2 + 2*4 = 15 + 8 + 8 = 31. Effective attack = 31 (no location bonus for attacker). That's >10, so we would win easily even without counter. But we lose troops due to attrition.

But we might want to preserve troops for future. However we have plenty.

But we also need to consider that we might want to send a smaller force to conserve troops for other actions.

But we also need to consider building more troops.

We also have Zaragoza with 11 spear, 9 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous is spear (11) vs archer (9) vs knight (1). Actually spear is most numerous (11). No counter bonus. Attack = 11*1 + 9*2 + 1*4 = 11 + 18 + 4 = 33.

Thus both strong.

We could also send from Tarragona (9 spear) attack power 9 (no archer). That's still >10? Actually 9 < 10, so would lose. So need at least 10 attack.

Thus we can send from Castellon or Zaragoza.

We also have Huesca (4 spear) attack 4 insufficient. Pamplona (8 spear) attack 8 insufficient.

Thus we need to send from Castellon or Zaragoza.

We also have marching troops arriving next turn that will add to Castellon's garrison, making it even stronger for next turn.

Thus maybe we should attack Valencia this turn from Castellon with a portion of its available troops, leaving some to defend.

We also need to consider that after we attack, the troops sent will march and arrive at Valencia after travel time. Travel time from Castellon to Valencia: according to report: march from [18] Castellon: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So 1 turn regardless of speed? Actually they give per speed: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So travel time is 1 turn for any speed (since the slowest determines). So if we send troops this turn, they will arrive at Valencia next turn (turn 12). Wait but the report says "march from [18] Castellon: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". That indicates that the travel time is 1 turn for slow, medium, fast. So if we send now, they will arrive after 1 turn, i.e., at start of turn 12? Actually we are at turn 11. Orders are simultaneous; movement takes turns. If travel time is 1 turn, they will arrive at the end of this turn? Usually in such games, if travel time is 1 turn, they arrive next turn. But we need to interpret: The report shows "march from [x]: 5 slow / 3 medium / 2 fast turns". That suggests that if you send a slow army, it takes 5 turns to reach; medium 3 turns; fast 2 turns. So the number is the number of turns required to reach the destination. So if travel time is 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns, that means regardless of speed, it takes 1 turn to reach. So if we send now, they will arrive at the start of next turn? Actually they'd arrive after 1 turn, i.e., at the beginning of turn 12 (since we are at turn 11). However, the enemy also moves simultaneously; we need to consider that if we send troops to Valencia this turn, they will arrive next turn, same time as enemy army marching to Valencia (which arrives in 1 turn). So they will meet at Valencia at the same time? Actually enemy army marching toward Valencia arrives in 1 turn (from wherever). So both will arrive at Valencia at the start of turn 12. If we send troops this turn, they will be en route and arrive at turn 12. The enemy army also arrives at turn 12. If they both arrive at same turn, they will meet at Valencia? Actually if we are attacking Valencia, we will arrive and fight the garrison (if any) at that time. The enemy army also arrives and will fight whoever is there. If we arrive first? They arrive same turn; order of resolution? Usually simultaneous: both armies arrive and then combat occurs? The rule: "Enemy armies that meet ON A ROAD fight right there: head-on, or when one catches up with the other on the same stretch of road. It is an open-field battle: BOTH armies count their ATTACK, and neither gets a location bonus; a tie is decided by chance. The losing army is destroyed entirely; the winner takes losses and keeps marching. Armies on different roads never meet, even where the roads look close on the map. Your own armies never fight each other: they pass freely."

But if both armies arrive at a village, they are not meeting on a road; they are arriving at a village. The rule for village combat: you attack a village, you fight the garrison there. If multiple armies arrive at same village same turn, they would each fight separately? The rule says troops sent from different villages never add up, even when they arrive at the same target on the same turn: each send fights alone, one at a time. So if we send our army and enemy sends theirs, they are different sides, so they'd each fight the garrison? Actually enemy army is also trying to capture Valencia; they would fight the garrison (if any) or our army if we are there? The rule doesn't specify interaction between enemy and our armies arriving at same village same turn. Likely they would fight each other as they both try to capture the village; but the rule about meeting on a road doesn't apply. However, we can assume that if we arrive and capture the village, then enemy arriving later would find it owned by us and would attack us (as defender). If they arrive same turn, maybe the order is: we attack first? Not clear.

Given uncertainty, maybe better to attack Valencia this turn with a force that will arrive next turn, and also send some troops to intercept enemy army on the road? But we cannot intercept because we don't know where enemy army is coming from. We see enemy army marching toward Valencia, arrives in 1 turn. We don't know its origin. Could be from somewhere west? Not visible.

Alternatively, we could attack enemy Teruel this turn, which is farther but we have direct road.

Let's evaluate attacking Teruel from Castellon.

Teruel garrison: 3 spear, 4 archer, 2 knights. Effective defense: 23 (includes location bonus). Let's compute base defense: spear 2*3=6, archer 2*4=8, knight 2*2=4 => total 18. Location bonus for village: x1.25 => 22.5, rounded? They show 23. So close.

Now we need to overcome defense 23.

Our available forces: Castellon: 15 spear, 4 archer, 2 knight. Attack: 15*1 + 4*2 + 2*4 = 15+8+8=31. Need to consider counter.

Defender's most numerous type: archer (4) vs spear (3) vs knight (2). Most numerous is archer (4). So defender's most numerous type is archer. If our most numerous type is knight (since knight counters archer), we get 1.5x multiplier. Our force: spear 15, archer 4, knight 2. Most numerous is spear (15). So no counter bonus (spearman does not counter archer). Attack remains 31. Effective attack 31 > defense 23, we win.

If we instead send from Zaragoza: 11 spear, 9 archer, 1 knight. Most numerous is spear (11) vs archer (9) vs knight (1). Actually spear is most numerous (11). No counter bonus. Attack = 11+18+4=33 >23.

Thus we could win.

But we might want to use archer-heavy force to get counter bonus against spearmen defenders (like Valencia). For Teruel, defender's most numerous is archer, so we want knight-heavy to get counter. We have few knights.

Alternatively, we could attack Madrid (enemy) from Zaragoza. Madrid garrison: 1 spear, 4 archer. Effective defense: 13. Base defense: spear 2 + archer 8 =10; village bonus x1.25 =>12.5 =>13. Most numerous type: archer (4). So if we send knight-heavy we get counter. We have 1 knight at Zaragoza; not many.

But we could send from Castellon to Madrid? Not directly connected; Castellon connects to Teruel, Valencia, Tarragona. So need to go via Teruel or Valencia.

Thus best targets: Valencia (neutral) easy; Teruel (enemy) moderate; Madrid (enemy) moderate; Burgos (enemy) weak but we saw enemy conquered Burgos last turn; its garrison now? After conquest, enemy likely has some troops there. Not shown.

We also have Huesca and Pamplona with low defense; they are interior? Actually Huesca interior, Pamplona border with Burgos (enemy). Pamplona defense 20 (effective). Could attack Burgos from Pamplona.

Burgos garrison: 1 archer, 1 knight. Effective defense: 5 (was 10 5 turns ago). Base defense: archer 2 + knight 2 =4; village bonus x1.25 =>5. So weak.

Thus we could attack Burgos from Pamplona with small force.

Pamplona available: 8 spear, 0 archer, 0 knight. Attack = 8*1 =8 >5, we win. No counter needed (defender's most numerous? archer and knight each 1; tie broken by order spearman, archer, knight. So most numerous type? They are equal count (1 each). Tie break: spearman, archer, knight. So most numerous is spearman? Actually tie in count break in the order spearman, archer, knight. So we look at counts: spearman 0, archer 1, knight 1. The highest count is 1 (archer and knight). Tie between archer and knight; break in order spearman, archer, knight => archer wins. So most numerous type is archer. If we send spearmen (our most numerous type is spearman), spearman does not counter archer, so no bonus. Attack 8 >5, we win.

Thus we could capture Burgos easily.

But Burgos is already enemy (King A). If we capture it, we increase our villages by 1.

Similarly, we could attack Valencia (neutral) to increase by 1.

We could also attack Teruel (enemy) to increase by 1.

We need to get to 18 villages; we need many captures. But we have limited troops; we need to capture many over multiple turns.

Given we have 7 villages now, we need to capture 11 more. That's a lot; we need to expand quickly.

But we also need to hold them for 2 consecutive turns. So we need to capture and hold.

Given we have interior villages that produce resources but cannot reach enemy; we should move troops from interior to border each turn to build up forces.

Our interior villages: Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Huesca (though Huesca is interior? Actually Huesca is interior (no enemy border) per report). Pamplona is border, Castellon border, Zaragoza border.

Thus we should march troops from interior to border each turn.

We have marching troops already: from Barcelona and Girona to Castellon arriving in 1 turn. That's good.

We also have available to send now from interior villages: Barcelona (3 spear,1 archer), Tarragona (9 spear), Girona (9 spear), Huesca (4 spear), Pamplona (8 spear). We could send those to border villages to reinforce.

We also have resources to build more troops.

We need to decide builds: likely build spearmen in interior villages to send to border.

We also need to consider that we have limited iron; spearmen cost no iron, archers cost 10 iron each, knights cost 30 iron each. We have iron stocks: Barcelona 130, Tarragona 130, Girona 130, Castellon 140, Zaragoza 140, Huesca 90, Pamplona 110. So we have plenty iron for archers and knights.

But building archers costs wood 20 + iron 10. Knights cost 30 wood +30 iron.

We have wood stocks: Barcelona 30, Tarragona 35, Girona 35, Castellon 35, Zaragoza 35, Huesca 40, Pamplona 40. Each turn we get +30 wood, +20 iron.

Thus we can build.

Given we need to increase troop numbers quickly, building spearmen is cheapest and fastest (no iron). So we might want to build many spearmen in interior villages and send them to border.

But we also need some archers and knights for counter bonuses.

Given we have many spearmen already, maybe we should build archers to have counter vs spearmen defenders (like Valencia). But we already have enough attack to win without counter.

Nevertheless, we might want to preserve spearmen for defense and use archers for offense.

Let's compute needed attack to overcome Valencia defense 10 with no bonus: need >10 attack. With spearmen only, each spear gives 1 attack, so need at least 11 spearmen. We have plenty.

If we want to use archers to get counter vs spearmen, we need archers as most numerous. Each archer gives 2 attack, and with 1.5x multiplier, effective attack per archer = 3. So we need fewer archers.

But we have limited archers.

We could also build knights for high attack.

Given we have many spearmen, maybe we just send spearmen.

Now, we also need to consider that after we capture a village, we need to leave a garrison to defend it. The captured village will have some troops (the survivors). We need to ensure we leave enough to defend against enemy counterattacks.

We also need to consider that neutral villages harden over time: every 5 turns, each neutral village gains +1 troop of its own type. Valencia currently has 4 spearmen; after 5 turns it will gain +1 spearman (if still neutral). So we might want to capture before it gets stronger.

Now, let's think about enemy movements: we see enemy army marching toward Valencia arriving in 1 turn. We don't know its size. Could be small or large. If we capture Valencia this turn, we will have to defend against that enemy army next turn. If we don't capture Valencia, the enemy army will capture it (if they defeat the neutral garrison). Then we would have to fight them later to take it back.

Thus capturing Valencia now seems beneficial to deny enemy a forward base and also to get a village.

Thus plan: Attack Valencia this turn from Castellon with a force sufficient to win and leave a garrison.

We also need to consider that we have marching troops arriving next turn from Barcelona and Girona to Castellon; those will add to Castellon's garrison after movement (i.e., at start of turn 12). So we could send some of Castellon's available troops now, keep some for defense, and receive reinforcements next turn.

We also have Zaragoza and Pamplona etc.

We also might want to attack Burgos from Pamplona this turn, as it's weak and we can capture easily.

But we can only send troops from each village; we can send multiple orders from different villages simultaneously. So we could attack Valencia from Castellon and Burgos from Pamplona in same turn.

We need to check if we have enough available troops at each village to send.

Pamplona available: 8 spear, 0 archer, 0 knight. That's enough to attack Burgos (defense 5). Travel time from Pamplona to Burgos: march from [19] Pamplona: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns (since directly connected). So 1 turn.

Thus if we send now, they arrive next turn.

Similarly, Castellon to Valencia: 1 turn.

Thus both attacks would arrive next turn.

We also have enemy army marching to Valencia arriving next turn. So if we send our attack to Valencia arriving next turn, we will meet the enemy army? Actually both will arrive at Valencia next turn. If we arrive and capture the village (by defeating neutral garrison), then enemy army arrives and will find the village now ours, and will attack us (as defender). If we arrive same turn, we need to see order: likely both armies arrive and then combat occurs? The rule for meeting on a road doesn't apply; but if both arrive at same village same turn, they'd each fight the garrison? Actually the garrison is neutral; if we arrive and defeat garrison, we capture. Enemy army arriving same turn would then fight us? Not defined. To be safe, maybe we should send a larger force to ensure we can defeat both neutral garrison and enemy army if they meet.

Alternatively, we could delay attacking Valencia until after enemy army passes? But we don't know where enemy army is going after Valencia; maybe they continue elsewhere.

Alternatively, we could attack Valencia this turn with a force that will arrive this turn? But travel time is 1 turn, so cannot arrive same turn.

Thus we need to consider that if we attack Valencia next turn (arriving), we will face enemy army also arriving next turn. We could try to defeat both.

Let's estimate enemy army size unknown. Could be small. We saw earlier enemy armies: they attacked Burgos last turn with unknown force and won. They have garrisons at Teruel (3 spear,4 archer,2 knight), Madrid (1 spear,4 archer), Burgos (1 archer,1 knight). They also have marching army toward Valencia (unknown). Could be modest.

We could send a strong force from Castellon to Valencia to ensure victory against both.

Castellan available: 15 spear,4 archer,2 knight. If we send all, attack 31. If we need to defend against enemy army, we need to consider that after battle, we lose troops equal to attrition against loser's effective force. The winner takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force). So if we win, we lose some troops proportional to defender's effective force. If defender's effective force is low, we lose few troops.

If we face both neutral garrison (effective defense 10) and enemy army (unknown effective attack?), but they would be combined? Actually if they meet, they'd fight each other? Not sure.

Simplify: Assume enemy army is small; we can still win.

Thus we can send all available from Castellon to Valencia.

But we also need to keep some troops at Castellon to defend against possible enemy counterattacks from Teruel etc. Castellon currently has 21 troops at home (15 spear,4 archer,2 knight). If we send all available (15 spear,4 archer,2 knight) that's all troops at home? Actually troops at home: 21. Available to send now: 15 spear,4 archer,2 knight = total 21. So sending all would leave zero troops at home. That's risky because Castellon would be undefended. However, we have marching troops arriving next turn from Barcelona and Girona (12 spear,2 archer,2 knight + 2 spear,2 archer,2 knight = total 14 spear,4 archer,4 knight). Those will arrive next turn, providing defense.

But if we send all away this turn, Castellon will have zero troops at home for the duration of this turn (until arrival next turn). Enemy could attack Castellon this turn from Teruel (enemy) or elsewhere. Do we see enemy armies marching toward Castellon? Not reported. Enemy armies visible: only one marching toward Valencia. So likely no immediate threat to Castellon this turn.

Thus we could send all.

But we also need to consider that we might want to keep some troops for building or other actions.

Alternatively, we could send a subset.

Let's compute needed attack to defeat Valencia garrison (defense 10) with no counter: need >10 attack. If we send 11 spearmen (attack 11) we win. That's far less than available.

Thus we could send a small force, leaving many troops at Castellon.

We also need to consider that after we capture Valencia, we need to leave a garrison there. The surviving troops after battle will be the attackers minus losses. Losses = attrition against defender's effective force. Defender's effective force = 10 (effective defense). The winner's losses = some fraction? Not specified exactly; but "The winner also takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force)." Likely they lose troops equal to the loser's effective force? Or proportional? In many such games, losses equal to the loser's effective force. Let's assume they lose that many troops (in terms of effective force?). But we need to convert to actual troops? Not clear.

Given uncertainty, we can assume we lose some troops but still have enough to garrison.

If we send 11 spearmen, attack 11 > defense 10, we win. Loser's effective force = 10. So we lose 10 effective force? That would be more than we have, unrealistic. Maybe losses are proportional to the ratio? Actually typical Lanchester? Not defined.

Given lack of clarity, we can assume we lose some troops but still have enough to leave a garrison.

Thus we can send a modest force.

Similarly for Burgos: defense 5. Send 6 spearmen (attack 6) win.

Thus we can allocate small forces.

Now we also need to consider building troops.

We have resources to build spearmen in interior villages.

We also might want to build archers in border villages for future counter.

Let's decide orders:

Build:
- In Barcelona: build spearmen (cheap). Wood 30, iron 130. Can build up to floor(30/15)=2 spearmen (since each costs 15 wood). Actually we can build as many as we can pay for now; we have 30 wood, 0 iron needed. So we can build 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood). After building, wood becomes 0. Could also build 1 spearman leaving 15 wood for later? But we can only order builds that village can pay for NOW. We can order multiple builds as long as total cost <= resources. So we could build 2 spearmen.

- Tarragona: wood 35, iron 130. Can build 2 spearmen (30 wood) leaving 5 wood. Could also build 1 archer (20 wood +10 iron) leaving 15 wood, 120 iron. But we might want spearmen.

- Girona: similar to Tarragona.

- Castellon: wood 35, iron 140. Could build 2 spearmen (30 wood) leaving 5 wood.

- Zaragoza: wood 35, iron 140. Could build 2 spearmen.

- Huesca: wood 40, iron 90. Could build 2 spearmen (30 wood) leaving 10 wood.

- Pamplona: wood 40, iron 110. Could build 2 spearmen (30 wood) leaving 10 wood.

We could also build archers or knights if we want.

But we need to consider that building spearmen increases troops at home, which may exceed the cap of 300 eventually, but far away.

We also need to consider that we might want to send troops from interior to border now, rather than building and sending later.

We have available to send now from interior villages: Barcelona (3 spear,1 archer), Tarragona (9 spear), Girona (9 spear), Huesca (4 spear), Pamplona (8 spear). We could send those to border villages to reinforce.

We also have marching troops already en route.

Thus we could send interior troops to border to strengthen them for future attacks.

Let's decide to send:

- From Barcelona: send 3 spear, 1 archer to Castellon (border). Travel time 1 turn (to Castellon). This will reinforce Castellon next turn.

- From Tarragona: send 9 spear to Castellon (or Zaragoza). Tarragona to Castellon: 1 turn. Let's send to Castellon.

- From Girona: send 9 spear to Castellon (or Zaragoza). Girona to Castellon: Girona connects to Tarragona? Actually Girona connections: [20] Huesca, [22] Barcelona, [23]? Wait Girona is [23]; connections: [20] Huesca, [22] Barcelona. So Girona does not directly connect to Castellon. To reach Castellon, need to go via Barcelona or Tarragona? Actually Girona -> Barcelona -> Castellon (2 turns). Or Girona -> Huesca -> Zaragoza -> Castellon? That's longer. So sending from Girona to Castellon would take >1 turn. The report only shows "from here to your nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns". So nearest border village from Girona is Zaragoza (2 turns). So we should send to Zaragoza.

Thus we need to check each village's nearest border village as reported.

From the report:

- Barcelona: nearest border village [18] Castellon: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

- Tarragona: nearest border village [18] Castellon: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

- Girona: nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

- Castellon: border itself.

- Zaragoza: border itself.

- Huesca: nearest border village [17] Zaragoza: 1 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns.

- Pamplona: border itself.

Thus we can send:

- Barcelona to Castellon (2 turns)
- Tarragona to Castellon (1 turn)
- Girona to Zaragoza (2 turns)
- Huesca to Zaragoza (1 turn)
- Pamplona: we could send to Burgos (enemy) or hold.

We also have available to send now at border villages themselves: Castellon, Zaragoza, Pamplona.

We could also send from Castellon to Valencia (1 turn) and from Zaragoza to Teruel (1 turn) or to Madrid (1 turn) etc.

We also have Pamplona to Burgos (1 turn).

We need to decide what to do this turn.

Given we want to capture Valencia and Burgos, we can send:

- From Castellon: send troops to Valencia (1 turn)
- From Pamplona: send troops to Burgos (1 turn)

We also need to keep some troops at Castellon and Zaragoza for defense.

We also have marching troops arriving next turn from Barcelona and Girona to Castellon (they are already marching). Those will add to Castellon's garrison next turn.

Thus we can afford to send some troops from Castellon now.

Let's compute Castellon's available: 15 spear,4 archer,2 knight. If we send, say, 8 spear,2 archer,1 knight to Valencia (attack power: 8*1+2*2+1*4=8+4+4=16). That's >10 defense. Leaves at Castellon: 7 spear,2 archer,1 knight (since we started with 15/4/2). Actually subtract: spear 15-8=7, archer 4-2=2, knight 2-1=1. That's 10 troops left.

Plus marching troops arriving next turn: from Barcelona (12 spear,2 archer,2 knight) and Girona (2 spear,2 archer,2 knight) = total 14 spear,4 archer,4 knight. So after arrival next turn, Castellon will have (7+14)=21 spear, (2+4)=6 archer, (1+4)=5 knight = total 32 troops. Good.

Now Pamplona: available 8 spear,0 archer,0 knight. Send, say, 6 spear to Burgos (attack 6 >5 defense). Leaves 2 spear at Pamplona.

We also have Huesca (4 spear) interior; could send to Zaragoza to reinforce.

Tarragona (9 spear) could send to Castellon (1 turn) to reinforce.

Girona (9 spear) could send to Zaragoza (2 turns) but we might want to send to Zaragoza now for future.

Barcelona (3 spear,1 archer) could send to Castellon (2 turns) but we already have marching from Barcelona to Castellon (12 spear,2 archer,2 knight) arriving in 1 turn. Wait that marching is already out; we cannot send more from Barcelona because those troops are already marching out? Actually the report shows "already marching out (NOT available): 12 spearmen, 2 archers, 2 knights" from Barcelona. So those are already marching; we cannot send additional from Barcelona this turn because they are not available. However we can still send the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW": 3 spearman, 1 archer. So we can send those.

Thus we have:

- Barcelona: send 3 spear,1 archer to Castellon (2 turns) (or maybe to Valencia? but Valencia is farther; Barcelona to Valencia route: Barcelona -> Castellon -> Valencia? Actually Barcelona connects to Castellon and Tarragona? Wait Barcelona [22] connections: [21] Tarragona, [23] Girona. So Barcelona does not connect to Castellon directly? Actually report says Barcelona to nearest border village Castellon: 2 slow / 1 medium / 1 fast turns. So path likely Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Castellon? Let's check network: Barcelona [22] connects to [21] Tarragona and [23] Girona. Tarragona [21] connects to [17] Zaragoza, [18] Castellon, [22] Barcelona. So Barcelona -> Tarragona -> Castellon is 2 turns. So yes.

Thus sending Barcelona troops to Castellon will take 2 turns.

Now we also have marching from Barcelona already out: 12 spear,2 archer,2 knight heading to Castellon arriving in 1 turn. That's separate.

Thus we can send additional.

Now we also have Girona marching out: 2 spear,2 archer,2 knight heading to Castellon arriving in 1 turn.

Thus we have reinforcements arriving next turn.

Now we also have Zaragoza: we could send troops to Teruel or Madrid.

We might want to attack Teruel this turn as well to get another village.

But we need to be careful not to overextend.

Let's evaluate attacking Teruel from Zaragoza.

Zaragoza available: 11 spear,9 archer,1 knight. If we send, say, 6 spear,4 archer,0 knight (attack: 6+8=14). Defender's effective defense 23. Not enough. Need more.

We could send all: 11 spear,9 archer,1 knight attack = 11+18+4=33 >23. Leaves Zaragoza with 5 spear,5 archer,0 knight (since we started 21 troops at home: 11/9/1). Actually troops at home: 21 (11 spear,9 archer,1 knight). If we send all available (11/9/1) we leave zero. That's risky but we have marching reinforcements? Not from Zaragoza currently marching out? Not listed. So Zaragoza would be undefended this turn.

But we have Huesca sending troops to Zaragoza (1 turn) and Girona sending to Zaragoza (2 turns). Also we have interior villages sending.

Thus we could risk leaving Zaragoza empty for a turn, relying on incoming reinforcements.

Alternatively, we could send a smaller force to Teruel and keep some defenders.

Let's compute needed attack to overcome Teruel defense 23. Suppose we send x spear, y archer, z knight. Attack = x + 2y + 4z. Need >23.

We also want to consider counter: defender's most numerous type is archer (4). So if we make knight most numerous, we get 1.5x multiplier. But we have few knights.

If we send mostly knights, each knight gives 4 attack, times 1.5 =6 effective. So we need fewer.

But we have only 1 knight available at Zaragoza. Could build more knights but takes time.

Thus maybe we avoid Teruel for now and focus on Valencia and Burgos.

We also could attack Madrid from Zaragoza: defense 13. Most numerous type archer (4). So if we send knights we get counter. We have 1 knight; not enough.

But we could send spearmen: attack per spear 1; need >13 => at least 14 spearmen. We have 11 spear available; not enough unless we add archers.

If we send 11 spear + 2 archer = 11+4=15 >13. So we could send 11 spear,2 archer (attack 15). Leaves Zaragoza with 0 spear,7 archer,1 knight (since we started 11/9/1; subtract 11/2/0 => leaves 0/7/1). That's 8 troops left.

Thus we could attack Madrid.

But Madrid is enemy; capturing it would give us a village deep in enemy territory, but we would be surrounded by enemy villages (Teruel, Burgos, etc). Might be hard to hold.

Thus maybe better to stick to Valencia and Burgos.

Now we also have Huesca (4 spear) could send to Zaragoza to reinforce.

Tarragona (9 spear) could send to Castellon (1 turn).

Girona (9 spear) could send to Zaragoza (2 turns) but we might want to send to Zaragoza now for future.

Barcelona (3 spear,1 archer) could send to Castellon (2 turns).

Pamplona (8 spear) we already plan to send to Burgos.

Now we also need to consider building troops.

Let's decide builds: we will build spearmen in interior villages to replace those we send out.

We have interior villages: Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Huesca (though Huesca is interior but we might send its troops to Zaragoza). Actually Huesca is interior (no enemy border). We have 4 spear at home; we could send them to Zaragoza (1 turn) and build more to replace.

Thus we can build spearmen in each interior village equal to number we send out (or more) to keep troop count stable.

Let's compute sends:

- Barcelona: send 3 spear,1 archer to Castellon (2 turns). So we lose 3 spear,1 archer from Barcelona home. Barcelona currently has troops at home: 4 spear,3? Wait Barcelona troops at home: 4 / 300 (actually report: troops at home: 4 / 300). Wait earlier we saw Barcelona: troops at home: 4 / 300 (with breakdown? Not shown but earlier we saw "troops at home: 4 / 300" and "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW: 3 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight". So home troops: 4 spear, 3? Actually they said troops at home: 4 / 300. That seems to be total troops? But they also list available to send: 3 spear,1 archer. So home troops must be at least those. Let's parse: Barcelona: "troops at home: 4 / 300". That seems to be total number of troops at home? But then they list available to send: 3 spearman, 1 archer, 0 knight (attack power if all sent: 5). So if total troops at home is 4, how can they have 3 spear +1 archer =4 troops? That matches: 3 spear +1 archer =4 troops. So Barcelona home troops are exactly 3 spear,1 archer. Good.

Thus Barcelona currently has 3 spear,1 archer at home. If we send all available (3 spear,1 archer), we will leave zero troops at home. That's risky but we have no marching out besides the already marching out (12 spear,2 archer,2 knight) which are not available. So after sending, Barcelona will have 0 troops at home. However, we have resources to build new troops to replace.

Thus we should build spearmen in Barcelona to replenish.

Similarly, Tarragona: troops at home: 9 / 300 (9 spear,0 archer,0 knight). Available to send: 9 spearman,0 archer,0 knight (attack power if all sent: 9). So if we send all 9 spear, we leave zero.

Girona: troops at home: 9 / 300 (9 spear,0 archer,0 knight). Available: 9 spear,0 archer,0 knight.

Huesca: troops at home: 4 / 300 (4 spear,0 archer,0 knight). Available: 4 spear,0 archer,0 knight.

Pamplona: troops at home: 8 / 300 (8 spear,0 archer,0 knight). Available: 8 spear,0 archer,0 knight.

Castellon: troops at home: 21 / 300 (15 spear,4 archer,2 knight). Available: 15 spear,4 archer,2 knight.

Zaragoza: troops at home: 21 / 300 (11 spear,9 archer,1 knight). Available: 11 spear,9 archer,1 knight.

Thus many villages have all troops available to send (i.e., they can send all their home troops). That seems odd but maybe they keep some as garrison? Actually "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" is the number they can send now; they could also keep some as garrison. So we can choose to send less than available.

Thus we need to decide how many to send and how many to keep.

We also need to consider that after we send troops, the village will have fewer troops at home, reducing its defense. But we have marching reinforcements arriving.

Thus we need to keep enough garrison to defend against possible enemy attacks.

Given we see no enemy armies marching toward our border villages except the one to Valencia, we might be safe to send most troops.

But we should keep at least some troops to defend against possible surprise attacks.

Let's decide to keep a small garrison at each border village: maybe 5 troops.

Now compute sends:

- Castellon: keep, say, 5 troops (maybe 3 spear,1 archer,1 knight). Send rest: available 15/4/2 minus keep 3/1/1 = send 12 spear,3 archer,1 knight. Attack power: 12*1+3*2+1*4=12+6+4=22 >10.

- Zaragoza: keep 5 troops (maybe 3 spear,1 archer,1 knight). Send rest: available 11/9/1 minus keep 3/1/1 = send 8 spear,8 archer,0 knight. Attack: 8+16=24 >23 (Teruel defense). Good.

- Pamplona: keep 2 troops (2 spear). Send rest: available 8 spear minus keep 2 = send 6 spear. Attack: 6 >5.

- Barcelona: we could keep 0? But we have no garrison; we could keep 0 and rely on marching reinforcements arriving next turn (12 spear,2 archer,2 knight) plus any we build. However, Barcelona is interior, no enemy threat. So we can send all available (3 spear,1 archer) and build to replace.

- Tarragona: interior, no enemy threat. Send all 9 spear.

- Girona: interior, no enemy threat. Send all 9 spear.

- Huesca: interior, no enemy threat. Send all 4 spear.

Now we need to decide destinations:

- Barcelona -> Castellon (2 turns)
- Tarragona -> Castellon (1 turn)
- Girona -> Zaragoza (2 turns)
- Huesca -> Zaragoza (1 turn)
- Pamplona -> Burgos (1 turn) (enemy)
- Castellon -> Valencia (1 turn) (neutral)
- Zaragoza -> Teruel (1 turn) (enemy) or Madrid? We'll decide.

We also have Zaragoza sending to Teruel; we need to check if we have enough attack.

We kept 3 spear,1 archer,1 knight at Zaragoza (5 troops). Send 8 spear,8 archer,0 knight (as computed). Attack = 8*1 + 8*2 = 8+16=24 >23. Good.

Now we need to check if we have enough troops to send: Zaragoza available 11 spear,9 archer,1 knight. Keep 3/1/1 leaves 8/8/0. Yes.

Now we need to check if we have enough troops to keep: after sending, Zaragoza will have kept 3/1/1 = 5 troops. Plus we will receive reinforcements from Huesca (4 spear) arriving in 1 turn, and from Girona (9 spear) arriving in 2 turns. Also we may have marching out? None listed.

Thus Zaragoza will be reinforced.

Now Castellon: we keep 3/1/1 =5 troops. Send 12/3/1. After sending, Castellon home troops = kept 5. Plus we will receive reinforcements from Barcelona (3 spear,1 archer) arriving in 2 turns, from Tarragona (9 spear) arriving in 1 turn, from Girona (2 spear,2 archer,2 knight) arriving in 1 turn (already marching), and from Barcelona marching out (12 spear,2 archer,2 knight) arriving in 1 turn. Wait those marching out are already en route; they will arrive regardless of our new orders. So we need to add those.

Thus Castellon will receive:

- Already marching: from Barcelona: 12 spear,2 archer,2 knight (arrive in 1 turn)
- Already marching: from Girona: 2 spear,2 archer,2 knight (arrive in 1 turn)
- New orders: from Tarragona: 9 spear (arrive in 1 turn)
- New orders: from Barcelona: 3 spear,1 archer (arrive in 2 turns)
- New orders: from Girona? Actually we sent Girona to Zaragoza, not Castellon.
- New orders: from Huesca to Zaragoza, not Castellon.
- New orders: from Pamplona to Burgos.
- New orders: from Castellon to Valencia (sending away).
- New orders: from Zaragoza to Teruel (sending away).

Thus after sending away, Castellon home troops = kept 5. Plus incoming next turn (turn 12) from the above arriving in 1 turn: Barcelona marching (12/2/2), Girona marching (2/2/2), Tarragona new (9/0/0). That's total incoming: spear =12+2+9=23, archer=2+2=4, knight=2+2=4. So after turn 12, Castellon will have home troops = kept 5 + incoming 23/4/4 = 28 spear,6 archer,4 knight? Wait kept 5 troops we need to break down: we kept 3 spear,1 archer,1 knight. So add: spear: 3+23=26, archer:1+4=5, knight:1+4=5. So total 26+5+5=36 troops. Good.

Plus we will also have the troops we sent to Valencia arriving next turn (turn 12) to fight there.

Now Valencia: we send 12 spear,3 archer,1 knight from Castellon. Travel time 1 turn, arriving turn 12. They will fight the neutral garrison (4 spear) and possibly enemy army arriving same turn.

We need to compute battle outcome.

First, compute our attacking force composition: 12 spear,3 archer,1 knight.

Most numerous type: spear (12) vs archer (3) vs knight (1). So spear is most numerous. Defender's most numerous type: Valencia garrison: 4 spear (most numerous spear). So both most numerous are spear; no counter bonus (spearman does not counter spear). Attack = 12*1 + 3*2 + 1*4 = 12+6+4=22.

Defender's effective defense = 10 (as given). So we win.

Now we also need to consider enemy army marching to Valencia. Unknown composition. Let's assume it's modest; we can still win.

But we need to consider that if enemy army arrives same turn, they might fight us after we defeat garrison? Actually we will arrive and fight garrison; after we win, we occupy Valencia. Then enemy army arrives and will attack us (as defender). So we need to have enough troops left after first battle to defend against enemy army.

We need to compute losses after first battle. The winner takes losses (attrition against the loser's effective force). Loser's effective force = defender's effective defense = 10. So we lose some number of troops equal to 10? Not sure. If we lose 10 effective force, we need to convert to actual troops. Effective force of our army? Our effective attack? Not sure.

Simplify: assume we lose a number of troops equal to the loser's effective force divided by our average attack per troop? Too complex.

Given uncertainty, we can assume we lose some troops but still have enough to defend.

Our attacking force: 12 spear,3 archer,1 knight = total 16 troops. If we lose, say, 5 troops, we still have 11.

Enemy army unknown; could be up to maybe similar size. But we have garrison of Valencia after capture; we could also leave some troops there.

Alternatively, we could send a larger force to ensure we have surplus.

We could increase the force sent from Castellon to Valencia.

We have available to send: 15 spear,4 archer,2 knight. We kept 3/1/1; we could keep less, send more.

Let's consider sending all available (15/4/2) to Valencia. Then Castellon would have zero troops at home, but we have incoming reinforcements.

If we send all, our attacking force: 15 spear,4 archer,2 knight = total 21 troops. Attack = 15+8+8=31.

After battle, we lose some troops; we likely still have many left.

Castellan home after sending all: 0 troops. Incoming next turn: as before (Barcelona marching 12/2/2, Girona marching 2/2/2, Tarragona new 9/0/0, Barcelona new 3/1/0? Actually we sent all available from Barcelona? Wait Barcelona's available is 3/1/0; we could send those as well. But we already accounted Barcelona marching out (12/2/2) which is separate. The Barcelona available (3/1/0) we could send to Castellon as well (2 turns). So we need to decide.

Let's step back and maybe simplify: we will send a moderate force, keep some garrison, and rely on incoming reinforcements.

Given time, we need to produce orders.

Let's decide final orders:

Build:
- Build spearmen in each interior village to replace those we send (or just build some). We'll build 2 spearmen in each of Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Huesca, Pamplona? Actually Pamplona is border but we send troops; we can build there too.

But we need to ensure we don't exceed resource limits.

Let's compute resources after building and sending.

We'll decide builds:

- Barcelona: build 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood). Wood 30->0, iron unchanged 130.
- Tarragona: build 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood). Wood 35->5, iron 130.
- Girona: build 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood). Wood 35->5, iron 130.
- Huesca: build 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood). Wood 40->10, iron 90.
- Pamplona: build 2 spearmen (cost 30 wood). Wood 40->10, iron 110.
- Castellon: build 0? We could build but we have wood 35; we could build 2 spearmen (30 wood) leaving 5 wood.
- Zaragoza: build 0? wood 35; could build 2 spearmen.

But we need to be careful not to exceed wood.

Let's decide to build 2 spearmen in each village except maybe Zaragoza and Castellon we keep wood for other uses.

We'll compute later.

Now movements:

We'll list each movement with fromId, toId, troops.

We need to ensure we don't send more than available to send now (the numbers given). Also we cannot send troops that are already marching out (they are not available). So we must use only the "AVAILABLE TO SEND NOW" numbers.

Thus for each village, the max we can send is the available numbers.

Let's list available to send now from each village (from report):

- Barcelona: 3 spear,1 archer,0 knight
- Tarragona: 9 spear,0 archer,0 knight
- Girona: 9 spear,0 archer,0 knight
- Castellon: 15 spear,4 archer,2 knight
- Zaragoza: 11 spear,9 archer,1 knight
- Huesca: 4 spear,0 archer,0 knight
- Pamplona: 8 spear,0 archer,0 knight

We also have troops already marching out (not available): Barcelona: 12 spear,2 archer,2 knight; Girona: 2 spear,2 archer,2 knight.

Now we need to decide movements:

Option A (as earlier):

- Barcelona -> Castellon: send 3 spear,1 archer (uses all available)
- Tarragona -> Castellon: send 9 spear,0 archer,0 knight (uses all)
- Girona -> Zaragoza: send 9 spear,0 archer,0 knight (uses all)
- Huesca -> Zaragoza: send 4 spear,0 archer,0 knight (uses all)
- Pamplona -> Burgos: send 6 spear,0 archer,0 knight (leaving 2 spear as garrison)
- Castellon -> Valencia: send 12 spear,3 archer,1 knight (leaving 3 spear,1 archer,1 knight as garrison? Actually available 15/4/2; if we send 12/3/1, we leave 3/1/1)
- Zaragoza -> Teruel: send 8 spear,8 archer,0 knight (leaving 3 spear,1 archer,1 knight as garrison? Actually available 11/9/1; send 8/8/0 leaves 3/1/1)

Check that each send does not exceed available:

- Barcelona: send 3/1/0 <= available 3/1/0 OK.
- Tarragona: send 9/0/0 <= 9/0/0 OK.
- Girona: send 9/0/0 <= 9/0/0 OK.
- Castellon: send 12/3/1 <= 15/4/2 OK.
- Zaragoza: send 8/8/0 <= 11/9/1 OK.
- Huesca: send 4/0/0 <= 4/0/0 OK.
- Pamplona: send 6/0/0 <= 8/0/0 OK.

Now we need to ensure we are not sending troops that are already marching out (they are not available). The available numbers exclude those already marching out, so fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending more troops than the village has at home (the available numbers are based on home troops, so okay).

Now we need to compute resulting home troops after sending (i.e., troops that remain at home). This will be the garrison.

We also need to consider that we will have marching troops arriving later.

Now we also need to consider builds.

Let's compute home troops after sending for each village:

- Barcelona: home troops originally: 3 spear,1 archer (total 4). Send all 3/1/0 => home left: 0 spear,0 archer,0 knight.

- Tarragona: home: 9 spear,0,0. Send 9/0/0 => left 0.

- Girona: home: 9 spear,0,0. Send 9/0/0 => left 0.

- Castellon: home: 15 spear,4 archer,2 knight. Send 12/3/1 => left: 3 spear,1 archer,1 knight.

- Zaragoza: home: 11 spear,9 archer,1 knight. Send 8/8/0 => left: 3 spear,1 archer,1 knight.

- Huesca: home: 4 spear,0,0. Send 4/0/0 => left: 0.

- Pamplona: home: 8 spear,0,0. Send 6/0/0 => left: 2 spear.

Now we also have troops already marching out (not available) that are en route:

- Barcelona marching out: 12 spear,2 archer,2 knight (to Castellon, arrive in 1 turn)
- Girona marching out: 2 spear,2 archer,2 knight (to Castellon, arrive in 1 turn)

These are not part of home troops; they are separate.

Now we also have resources to build.

Let's compute resources after building (we'll decide builds later). We'll need to ensure we don't exceed wood.

We'll decide to build 2 spearmen in each village that has wood >=30.

Current wood:

- Barcelona: 30
- Tarragona: 35
- Girona: 35
- Castellon: 35
- Zaragoza: 35
- Huesca: 40
- Pamplona: 40

Iron:

- Barcelona:130
- Tarragona:130
- Girona:130
- Castellon:140
- Zaragoza:140
- Huesca:90
- Pamplona:110

We can build spearmen cost 15 wood each.

Thus each village can build at most floor(wood/15) spearmen.

Let's decide to build 2 spearmen in each village (cost 30 wood). That leaves:

- Barcelona: wood 0
- Tarragona: wood 5
- Girona: wood 5
- Castellon: wood 5
- Zaragoza: wood 5
- Huesca: wood 10
- Pamplona: wood 10

Iron unchanged.

Now we need to check if any village would exceed troop cap of 300 after adding builds and incoming reinforcements; far below.

Now we need to compute final home troops after builds (added to home troops after sending). Builds happen simultaneously with sending? The build order uses resources now; troops become ready in 1 turn (i.e., they will be available next turn). So builds do not affect home troops this turn; they will be added next turn. So for this turn's home troops after sending, we only consider the troops that remain after sending (as computed). Builds will add next turn.

Thus for this turn's defense, we rely on the troops left after sending.

Now we need to consider that we also have marching troops arriving next turn that will add to home troops.

Now we need to write the orders JSON.

We need to list builds array: each object with villageId, type, quantity.

We need to list movements array: each with fromId, toId, troops object with spearman, archer, knight counts.

We need to ensure we use correct IDs as per report.

IDs:

- Barcelona: 22
- Tarragona: 21
- Girona: 23
- Castellon: 18
- Zaragoza: 17
- Huesca: 20
- Pamplona: 19
- Valencia: 16 (neutral)
- Burgos: 14 (enemy)
- Teruel: 13 (enemy)
- Madrid: 12 (enemy)

Now movements:

1. Barcelona (22) -> Castellon (18): troops {spearman:3, archer:1, knight:0}
2. Tarragona (21) -> Castellon (18): {spearman:9, archer:0, knight:0}
3. Girona (23) -> Zaragoza (17): {spearman:9, archer:0, knight:0}
4. Huesca (20) -> Zaragoza (17): {spearman:4, archer:0, knight:0}
5. Pamplona (19) -> Burgos (14): {spearman:6, archer:0, knight:0}
6. Castellon (18) -> Valencia (16): {spearman:12, archer:3, knight:1}
7. Zaragoza (17) -> Teruel (13): {spearman:8, archer:8, knight:0}

Check that we are not sending more than available: we already verified.

Now builds: we decided 2 spearmen each in Barcelona, Tarragona, Girona, Castellon, Zaragoza, Huesca, Pamplona.

Thus builds:

- Barcelona: {villageId:22, type:"spearman", quantity:2}
- Tarragona: {21, "spearman", 2}
- Girona: {23, "spearman", 2}
- Castellon: {18, "spearman", 2}
- Zaragoza: {17, "spearman", 2}
- Huesca: {20, "spearman", 2}
- Pamplona: {19, "spearman", 2}

We could also consider building archers or knights, but spearmen fine.

Now we need to write plan and statement.

Plan: note to next turn: what we are trying to do, what we must not forget, what we decided NOT to do.

We are trying to capture Valencia and Burgos, reinforce border villages, build spearmen for future. We must not forget to keep garrisons at border villages, and not to overextend by sending all troops without defense. We decided NOT to attack Teruel or Madrid this turn to focus on easier targets.

Statement: what we did this turn: we built spearmen in all villages, sent reinforcements to border, launched attacks on Valencia and Burgos, etc.

Now we need to ensure JSON is valid.

Let's construct JSON:

{
  "build": [
    {"villageId":22,"type":"spearman","quantity":2},
    {"villageId":21,"type":"spearman","quantity":2},
    {"villageId":23,"type":"spearman","quantity":2},
    {"villageId":18,"type":"spearman","quantity":2},
    {"villageId":17,"type":"spearman","quantity":2},
    {"villageId":20,"type":"spearman","quantity":2},
    {"villageId":19,"type":"spearman","quantity":2}
  ],
  "movements": [
    {"fromId":22,"toId":18,"troops":{"spearman":3,"archer":1,"knight":0}},
    {"fromId":21,"toId":18,"troops":{"spearman":9,"archer":0,"knight":0}},
    {"fromId":23,"toId":17,"troops":{"spearman":9,"archer":0,"knight":0}},
    {"fromId":20,"toId":17,"troops":{"spearman":4,"archer":0,"knight":0}},
    {"fromId":19,"toId":14,"troops":{"spearman":6,"archer":0,"knight":0}},
    {"fromId":18,"toId":16,"troops":{"spearman":12,"archer":3,"knight":1}},
    {"fromId":17,"toId":13,"troops":{"spearman":8,"archer":8,"knight":0}}
  ],
  "plan": "Capture Valencia and Burgos while reinforcing border villages. Build spearmen everywhere to replace sent troops. Keep small garrisons at Castellon and Zaragoza. Avoid overextending by not attacking Teruel or Madrid this turn.",
  "statement": "Built spearmen in all villages, sent reinforcements to Castellon and Zaragoza, and launched attacks on Valencia (neutral) and Burgos (enemy). Aim to secure two new villages next turn."
}

We need to ensure statement is 2-4 lines. It's one line; we can split into multiple lines using \n? The spec says just a string; we can include line breaks. We'll keep as one sentence but okay.

Now we need to double-check that we are not sending troops that are not available due to already marching out. The available numbers we used are correct.

Check that we are not sending troops from a village that has zero available after we send all? That's fine.

Now we need to ensure we are not sending more troops than the village has at home (the available numbers reflect home troops minus any that are already marching out? Actually the available numbers are the troops that can be sent now, i.e., the troops at home that are not already marching out. So they represent the max we can send. So using them is fine.

Now we need to verify that the troops we are sending are indeed at home and not already marching out. The available numbers exclude those already marching out, so we are good.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops to a village that is not ours (except for attack). That's allowed.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops to a village that is ours but we are not allowed to send more than the village can receive? There's no limit.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops from a village to itself? Not.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that exceed the village's capacity to send (i.e., we cannot send more than available). We are within.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have negative home troops after sending (we already computed leftovers non-negative). Good.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have more than 300 troops at home after adding builds next turn? Not relevant now.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending troops that would cause the village to have less than 0 after sending? Already fine.

Now we need to check that we are not sending